Dear readers... to fully appreciate the context of this story you may need to check out a couple of previous stories in this, our first series writing together. "Getting Sofia" describes the unusual meeting of two mature Mexicans and their first "date" together. "Sharing Sofia" provides additional insight into their highly sexed romance.
Gracias amigos! Sofia y Mateo
*****
There was something about music that really turned Sofia on, Mateo discovered soon after they met. Their second "date" — if you could call it a date since they spent the first three days of their relationship together in his San Miguel town home fucking in every room and in every manner possible — was at a piano bar around the corner from Sofi's house.
Earlier that day...
"Matt, sweetheart," Sofi said as they were lying on his bed after yet another ass fucking in the shower. "I really do need to go home and attend to some things. As much as I wish I could stay with you and never leave, I need to go. I have a waxing appointment this afternoon and unless you want to develop a rash on that beautiful face of yours, I intend to keep it," she laughed. "And while I am at it, you could use a shave too!"
"I have an idea," Matt replied, "...why don't I come with you. I would love to see you get your pussy felt up by another woman!"
"Ha! That will be the day. First of all, I'm not into women," Sofi said. "And unless you're ready to get your cock and balls manscaped, Mateo, you're not coming with me!" she squealed as she reached over and yanked out a couple of his chest hairs.
"What the fuck????" he screamed, pulling Sofi over his lap and giving her beautiful ass a resounding smack.
With that, Sofi jumped off the bed laughing and grabbed the white dress that she had worn the morning they met at Starbucks. Sliding it over her head she pirouetted away and headed for the doorway. Turning back to Matt, "Meet me tonight at 9:00 at Lagrima del Toro. And don't be late." And with that, Sofi was down the steps and out the front door to the street below.
After she left with a flourish, Matt's immediate reaction as he laid in bed was to cover his privates with his hands. The thought of somebody yanking out his pubic hair was more than he could take. After three days of some of the most intense fucking and sucking he ever imagined possible, he was a little sore. Yet, to his amazement, Sofi was practically insatiable. When they did rest, usually in the form of sleep, one or the other would usually initiate some sort of sex act to stir the other awake.
Take that first day together. After discovering that Sofi loved anal play and demanded to be fucked in the ass that first time in the shower, they collapsed on Matt's bed together. They quickly fell asleep in each other's arms, exhausted. Several hours later, Matt was awakened by Sofi's tongue and lips on his cock. As he began to stir, Sofi responded by rolling over on top of him in a 69 position with her pussy poised inches above his mouth.
Unable to resist, Matt reached up and wrapped his arms around Sofi's hips and pulled her down so that her pussy was now in his face. As Sofi moaned, Matt stuck out his tongue and thrust it inside her. She was warm and very wet and he savored her taste and her musky scent. Within seconds, it seemed, she came again from his tongue-fucking. But that only seemed to excite her more.
Sofi rolled off Matt's body and slung her leg over top of his so she was straddling him. She grabbed his cock as she knee-walked up his body and, rising up slightly, guided him inside her pussy. Facing him in this cowgirl position, Sofi grasped Matt's hands and pulled them up to her breasts where he squeezed them firmly as she rode his cock. When Sofi reached back and grabbed Matt's balls, Matt shot his load inside her pussy for what would be but the first of many times over the next several days. As it was, in less than a couple of hours since they met, she had sucked him off, demanded he fuck her ass and then had him with her pussy.
After reminiscing for awhile about all the ways and all the places and positions they fucked in, taking time to eat only when they were famished, Matt eventually crawled out of bed and headed down the hall to his office. It had been three days since he had looked at his computer and checked his email. Amazingly, there were no crises involving any of his business holdings while his and Sofi's fuckathon took place. And there were no urgent matters to attend to that required his immediate attention and would prevent him from keeping his date that evening with Sofia at Lagrina del Toro, a piano bar Matt knew well.
But first, sleep. Restful, invigorating sleep. Because Matt knew that when he saw Sofia again, they wouldn't be able to keep their hands off each other.
——————————————-
The piano bar, Lagrina del Toro, or "Tears of the Bull" was named after the title song of a CD by a world famous guitar virtuoso, Gil Gutierrez, who made his home in San Miguel de Allende. Matt knew the bar well and even knew Gil from having become a regular at Zangunda, an outdoor venue outside of town where Gil and his musician friends occasionally performed. The night of Matt's and Sofi's second "date", Matt knew that Gil was going to be sitting in with the piano player.
Matt arrived at the bar promptly at 9 o'clock, knowing that nobody in Mexico ever showed up anyplace on time. But this time he was wrong. Just as he was about to open the door, Sofia rounded the corner up ahead. She was stunning in a shimmering royal blue spaghetti strap top that revealed her unrestrained breasts moving with every step she took. Beneath that she wore a tight black skirt that ended about mid thigh. Black spiked heels finished off the outfit.
"You are gorgeous, Sofia" Matt said as she approached. Her blonde hair framed her face beautifully and long silver earrings accentuated her features. Around her neck was a thick silver necklace from which hung a large blue stone nestled between her breasts that matched the color of her top. But as she came closer, it was her smile at seeing him — that and her scent —that really grabbed Matt's attention. Because of his coffee business, Matt had developed a heightened sense of smell, and whatever perfume Sofi was wearing really appealed to him.
Matt extended his arms and Sofi embraced him, their mouths locked together in a kiss. "I've missed you, Matt," Sofi said. "I know it's only been a few hours but it seems like days."
"I know what you mean," Matt replied. "I couldn't stop thinking about you and had no way of getting in touch with you. I can't believe I didn't get your cell phone number before you left," he continued. "I wanted to tell you how much I missed you."
Breaking their embrace, Matt reached for the door and held it open for Sofi. Although it was still early in the evening, there were already number of patrons in the bar. Fortunately, Matt had called ahead to let his old friend Carlos, the manager, know that he would be coming in that night with a special lady and would like to be seated in a certain area of the bar.
"Hola Mateo!" Carlos exclaimed when he saw his old friend, embracing him in the traditional Mexican hug. "And who is this lovely lady with you? I've seen her here before but never had the pleasure of meeting her."
"Carlos, my friend, meet Sofia. She moved here from Mexico City and I hope you will get to see her again, and often. Has Gil arrived yet?" Matt asked as Carlos escorted them to a small booth in the corner of the bar, partially hidden behind the piano.
"No, he's not here yet and probably won't be for awhile," Carlos responded as he pulled back the small table making it easier for Sofi and Matt to slide into the booth . "Shall I get you your bottle of Patron Especial?" he asked as he pushed the cloth covered table back into place.
"Si, por favor," Matt replied, thanking Carlos for reading his mind. If Sofi didn't like tequila, he would gladly order whatever she wanted. But tequila was more than a traditional alcohol in Mexico; exporting it to the U.S. and to Europe was another of Matt's businesses.
"Your friend Carlos is very nice," Sofi said. "When I said to meet me here tonight I had no idea you knew this bar. I just discovered it recently. I love their music and thought you might too."
"I do love music, Sofia. There are many things you don't know about me," Matt said as he turned to face her, their knees touching. "But I hope you will take the time to learn more about me as I learn more about you. I have fallen for you very hard, Sofi," Matt said. "And I don't want to let you get away," he added.
Sofi responded by leaning forward to kiss Matt warmly on the lips, slipping her palm between Matt's knees. He was wearing light-weight tan linen slacks and a black polo shirt. Looking around to see if anybody was coming, Sofi extended her hand forward and Matt obliged by spreading his legs to reveal a prominent bulge. She looked him in the eyes as she grasped Matt's cock through his pants, smiling broadly as she discovered her lover had gone commando, obviously taking her hint.
Just then, Carlos returned with a large bottle of tequila and two glasses that he set down on the small table. "Salud amigos!" to your health, Carlos exclaimed as he moved away.
Matt poured the precious nectar into the two glasses and handed one to Sofi. "Salud, Sofi... to your health, and to our future together."
"To the future, Matt... to our future," Sofi said as she she took a sip. She picked up the bottle to examine the label while she enjoyed the warmth of the smooth tequila as it went down her throat. "An entire bottle for us? What are you trying to do, Matt - get me drunk so you can take advantage of me?" she laughed as she squeezed his thigh.
For the next hour until the show started Matt and Sofi compared notes on music and different artists they liked. They discovered they had similar tastes in music as well as in sex. Besides the Beatles, they both enjoyed an eclectic mix that included Van Morison, Adele, Luis Miguel, Norah Jones, Maroon 5, Chris Botti, James Taylor and Lady Antebellum. Sofi loved to dance, she said, and while Matt professed to have mixed feelings about it, Sofi leaned over and whispered in his ear, "You've never really danced, Matt until you've danced with me."
The lights in the bar were turned down as the piano player entered and sat down at the bench. Only a spot light illuminated him, casting the rest of the room in semi-darkness, particularly the corner where Matt and Sofi sat. Matt put his arm around Sofi as she leaned against him and rested her head on his shoulder. The music that the pianist played was unfamiliar to both of them, obviously original compositions, and very melancholy. If there had been a dance floor, Matt thought, it would have been a great way to find out what Sofi meant by her comment about dancing.
Matt gently stroked Sofi's arm, running his fingers slowly up and down its length. She shuddered as goose bumps formed on her arm, not from the chill but as a reaction to the feelings she was having for this man sitting next to her. Never before, not even with her late husband nor any of the other lovers she had been with had she felt such strong desire to be by his side. The marathon sex the previous three days had been spectacular, but there was more than that tugging at her heart. And she sensed Matt was having similar feelings.
Sofi placed her hand on Matt's thigh and he immediately flinched. She turned to look up at him and saw him smile. He was so handsome, she thought, and had done things with her in bed that she had never experienced before. Without needing to check, she knew that the thong that she wore to keep his cum from dripping down her leg was drenched from her own excretions.
With a gentle tug on his thigh, Sofi was able to get Matt to spread his legs apart. She ran her hand up to his crotch and found that he was already erect. As she traced her fingers up and down the length of his cock, Matt let out a sigh. That was all Sofi needed to hear to reach under the table cloth and unbuckle his belt, unbutton his linen pants and pull his cock out.
Matt responded by sliding down in his seat, creating more room for Sofi to stroke his cock. She cupped one hand under his balls while she proceeded to stroke the length of his penis, pausing to rub her thumb around the drop of precum that had formed at its tip.
With the crowd mesmerized by the piano player's soothing sounds, nobody noticed when Sofi slid under the tablecloth and rested her head in Matt's lap, replacing her hand on his throbbing cock with her mouth and tongue. Meanwhile, Matt moved his hand from Sofi's arm to her back. He slid his hand down over her ass and lifted up the hem of her short black skirt. Her flesh was hot to touch and, as he moved his hand between her thighs, he was able to feel how wet she already was.
When Matt reached her pussy he discovered that she was wearing a thong, but a very skimpy one that had a single cord of fabric running from her clit and through her ass cheeks before attaching to the waistband. Although he was tempted to pull it aside, Matt instead inserted two fingers inside Sofi's pussy, pushing the cord of fabric with them. That had the effect of pressing against both her clit and her asshole, causing Sofi to tense and twitch as her orgasm overtook her.
At the same time, Matt's cock jerked in Sofi's mouth as he spewed what little cum he had remaining after three days of fucking this beautiful woman beside him. He had never gotten a blow job in a public place before, and didn't know if this was a first for Sofi either. But what he did know as she sat up along side him and kissed him, sharing her mouthful of his cum with him, he had no intentions of ever letting her go.
(To be continued...)