This story is a continuation of Magic Moments at the Beach and Pool Party. I recommend that you read those two stories first before you read this one.
Sina and I spent every afternoon and evening after work together. We had developed a very deep bond together and we both felt it. Friday was pay day and we decided to go to a dance club to celebrate.
I drove to work Friday and picked up Sina after work. Sina was 23 years old, but she had never owned or even driven a car before. She had her friend, Felicia, with her and I gave them both a ride to Sina's house. A few hours later, I swung back by to pick up Sina and the two women came out, all dolled up and ready to party. They both looked really hot. Felicia was in a short black dress and Sina in a red one. Both dresses fit tightly to show off the beautiful bodies they had. They both jumped into the back seat of my Jeep and let me drive them like a chauffer.
The club was outdoors. It was a very large covered wooden deck with a long bar, a stage for the band, a large screen TV showing continuous videos of a sexy dance group called Waveya, and ample seating around a large dance floor. We had arrived early and the dance floor was empty. Sina and Felicia went to the dance floor and danced together. Both women were so sexy and so graceful in their movements around the floor. I noticed that they had the full attention of most of the men in the club.
Later, the club started to fill up. The dance floor got more and more crowded. The three us had plenty to drink by this time and we were all feeling really good. When Sina and Felicia went to dance, they grabbed me and pulled me up onto the floor with them. The band was taking a break and the DJ was playing a long dance medley that just kept going and going with one song blending into the next. We were in the center of the dance floor with people crowded closely all around us.
A slower dance tune came on. Sina pressed her body close to mine and Felicia pressed her body close to Sina behind her. Sina put her leg between mine. She looked up at me and I started kissing her. The top of her thigh started sliding up and down against my balls. I felt myself swell to a full erection as I held her and kissed her. Both Felicia and I were holding tightly on to Sina's hips as our bodies ground against each other. Felicia was kissing Sina's neck and ears from behind as I kissed her mouth. Then Sina turned around to face Felicia. She was kissing Felicia passionately, full on the lips. I pressed my body against Sina from behind. I reached around her and started caressing her breasts. I gently pinched her braless nipples, which were so hard, through the soft cotton of her dress. I could feel Felicia's hard nipples rubbing against the back of my hands. The beat of the music got faster, but the three of us remained locked together. My mouth and tongue were running up and down the side of Sina's neck, which was still wet from Felicia's kisses. Felicia crouched down in front of Sina. She reached up under her dress, grabbed her panties, and slowly pulled them down and off. She stood up and handed them to me, knowing that I could put them in the pocket of my pants. I noticed that they were soaking wet. Then Felicia put her hand up inside Sina's dress. I couldn't see what Felicia was doing, but I felt Sina's breath become very heavy. The beat of the music was loud and unrelenting and there were bodies gyrating all around us. Were there people watching us as they danced? I'm pretty sure that they were. I pressed close to Sina, still caressing her breasts. I felt her whole body start to shudder and I knew that she was close to an orgasm. Then her hips started to rock back and forth so quickly as she went into an explosive orgasm.
We went back to our seats and started drinking again. I was trying to internalize what had just happened. A strange mix of jealousy and extreme lust was going through my head. I decided that if it made Sina feel good, then it was a good thing and I was okay with it. And Sina looked radiant! I could see the warm afterglow of her orgasm in her face.
When the club closed, we didn't feel like calling it a night. We sat on the beach and drank some more until it became very late. Sina and I had planned to sleep together, because my roommate Tom was spending the night at Sina's place with her roommate Teresa. Then Sina asked me if Felicia could stay with us too. I tried to act cool, but I was extremely excited. My heart felt like it was going to burst form my chest.
The three of us undressed and went to bed together. I watched the two women make love first. I have never seen anything so sexy and so beautiful. I stroked my cock as I watched them slowly, gently, kissing and caressing each other all over. Sina made Felicia cum, returning the favor from the dance floor. Sina's tongue danced against Felicia's clit, alternating fast and slow, long wet strokes and very rapid tip of the tongue flicks until Felicia finally couldn't hold back and screamed as her orgasm swept over her.
Then it was my turn as I lay on my back and Sina sat on top gliding my throbbing cock into her tight, wet pussy. Felicia sat on my face facing Sina I and felt her sweet, soaking wet pussy on my open mouth. Felicia's pussy looked a lot like Sina's, but the taste and feel were different. It was so thrilling to experience the new taste and new feeling of a different pussy. At the same time, Sina was rocking up and down hard on my cock. When I felt Sina go into an orgasm, I was cumming too. I felt gush after gush squirting out of me as her vagina tightened around my pulsating cock.
Felicia and I continued to take turns making love to Sina all night long. The three of us finally fell asleep as the sun was coming up. When I awoke, sometime in the early afternoon, the unmistakable odors of sweat and semen were heavy in the room. Tom and Teresa were standing there with big smiles on their faces at the doorway to the bedroom. Tom held up a finger to his lips to indicate shhhh. Sina and Felicia were spooning, still asleep, still completely naked and exposed. Tom whispered that he would be back later to take us out to breakfast. Then he winked and the two ducked out.
I wrapped my arm around Sina and went back to sleep.