Author's Note:
In terms of timeline, this chapter is focused on Lily and Ted, and it takes place in parallel with Business Conference (focused on Kim) and Business Mixed with Pleasure (focused on Marcia and Nick). As always, if this chapter's topics are not of interest, skip this one and maybe pick it up again next time.
Lily Banner- 29 yo 5'2" 100 lbs. waifish Documentation department supervisor at Geneco being mentored by Kim Barnes. She is a shy emo lesbian bookworm who longs to follow in all of Kim's footsteps, including her submissive ones.
Ted Gaines- 42 yo 6'2" flame-haired VP of Operations at Geneco. He has had extramarital workplace affairs, and Lily is using evidence of his affairs to blackmail him.
Kim Barnes- 42 yo CEO of Geneco, 5'4", 120 lbs., curly blonde hair, B cup who is a mentor to Lily but a submissive slave to Nick.
Nick Donovan- 22 yo new hire in the Procurement department. He blackmailed Kim into becoming his submissive and also did the same to his own manager, Marcia.
*****
CEO Slut: Business Proposal
"I can't get the other night out of my head," Lily said into the phone. "As shocking as it was seeing you tied up and so helpless, I was turned on by it. I've never seen you so weak and vulnerable before. It's really got me thinking."
"We all have different sides to ourselves," Kim explained on the other end of the line. "Oftentimes, there's a public face we wear, but there's another side to us. A side that our pride., our egos, our fears, don't want to acknowledge. Yet, it's like a monster that needs to be fed. If you ignore it, you do so at your own peril."
It was Sunday morning, the day after Lily had visited Kim Barnes in her own home Kim was the CEO of Geneco where Lily worked, and was Lily was shocked to witness Kim in full submission to her Master. She struggled with the image of the powerful CEO tied up and naked, her body at the mercy of another. Lily had long admired Kim, and she aspired to be just like her. Whereas Lily was naturally shy and reserved, Kim was always strong and authoritative in the workplace. Lily was initially repulsed seeing Kim in such a weakened state, and her first instinct was to reconsider her high esteem for Kim, but Kim was able to convince her that understanding humility was necessary to understand strength. Given Kim's indisputable professional success, Lily was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt, even if she didn't fully understand the method behind the madness.
Before agreeing to continue following in Kim's footsteps, Lily made sure of one crucial detail ahead of time. Lily was much more attracted to women than men, and she had no interest in becoming another slave, even if by proxy, to Kim's Master, Nick Donovan. She agreed to follow Kim's teachings, but she made sure that Nick would not interfere in her relationship with Kim, and both Kim and Nick assured her that Nick would not interfere.
"So where does that leave me?" Lily replied. "What is my next lesson? What is the next skill I need to work on?"
"You are a curious case," Kim answered. "You are ambitious. You long to be a strong woman, and yet your nature is timid and weak. You aspire to be an alpha personality, yet in the process, you have subjugated yourself to me. Do you realize what a walking contradiction you are?"
"But that's why I came to you. Because I want to be strong like you."
"What is that one thing about you that you hide from the world? What are your deepest, darkest desires?" Kim asked over the phone line.
"Is that really necessary?" Lily protested.
"Of course. There can be no secrets between us. You have already seen mine. You know that I am really a submissive. I am trusting you with my secret. We have a special relationship, and if you want me to be able to help you, then you need to fully trust me, as well."
Lily closed her eyes and carefully considered her options before answering. "I like women," she finally revealed. "But you already knew that about me. The truth is, I enjoy sex, although I'm scared to admit it. Until recently, I've been more asexual than anything else, although I prefer women to men.
"In order to grow, you have to confront your fears," Kim explained. "You have to embrace your secret desires. You're a sexual woman. There's no shame in that. Why should you hide it?
"Because I can't act that way in the corporate world," Lily countered. "You, of all people, should know that."
"Of course, and that's why I have to hide my own true urges. Yet, I still indulge in my desires. And you need to indulge in yours."
"How do I go about doing that?" Lily asked.
"Let's start with a simple one," Kim proposed. "Any woman loves feeling sexy. You're always dressed in pant suits and long dresses, which there's nothing wrong with that. But you're a sexy and ambitious woman. You have youth and a nice body in your favor. You shouldn't be afraid to show yourself off just a little. You can draw a little attention to yourself while still clearly within the bounds of the office dress code. You don't need to sleep with any men, but it won't hurt to show a little leg. Maybe a little shoulder, now would it?"
"I suppose not," Lily admitted.
"Good, then I want you to wear something a little more sexy and daring to work tomorrow. It's almost like advertising. Ad agencies always say there's no such thing as bad publicity. The more of an impression you leave with people, then the more memorable you are. Right now, you're like a wallflower, but you can use your beauty to draw others in, and then once you have their attention, you use your mind and cunning to hold their attention and show them what you're really capable of."
"Oh, I see," Lily said. "It's like the ends justify the means."
"Exactly," Kim replied. "Now I'm not advocating for anything scandalous, but it wouldn't hurt you to wear a skirt to work. Something cut above the knee. Some heels and black stockings. Oh, and no underwear. No bra. No panties."
"I don't know if I could do that," Lily said, sheep-faced. "Besides, why would I forego underwear? No one would even know. How would that attract any attention?"
"It won't, but you wouldn't do it for them; you'd do it for you" Kim explained. "It's all about building you up to be a confident woman. Confidence can take you far in life. As you said, no one will ever know, so what's the harm? It'd be your little secret. I think you'll find it oddly titillating and thrilling. And that extra shot of stimulation will give you an added confidence boost throughout the day, because you know something that they don't know. I know that's what it does for me when I go to work commando."
Lily paused for a moment, drawing a deep breath before replying. "I suppose as long as no one else will even notice, as you suggested."
"There's just one more thing," Kim added. "It's not that I don't trust you, but it'd be easy to tell me you did it and then not really go through with it, so send me a picture of yourself at work. Take a selfie in the bathroom stall with your skirt pulled up and top pulled down to show me you complied."
"Is that really necessary?" Lily protested.
"Of course. How else will I know that you are following my lessons?"
Lily sighed, but she knew that she needed to change if she wanted to be a stronger and more assertive woman, and maybe this was the first step on that journey of change.
"Yes Teacher," she answered.
*****
The next day, Lily entered the women's rest room. She was relieved to find herself alone with no one else there to witness what she was about to do, although she realized that anyone could enter at any moment. She passed the sinks on her way to the stalls and stole a quick glance at herself in the mirror. Her charcoal pencil skirt was only an inch above her knees paired with black stockings and heels. Her black blouse matched her black hair, contrasting sharply to her pale white skin. Yet, her reflection still shocked her on so many levels. She usually wore more casual clothing to work, but her style of dress automatically made her appear more authoritative. She had always maintained that clothing was superficial, and that judging people based on their outfit was like judging a book by its cover, yet her own reflection in the mirror forced her to reconsider her assumptions. After all, she sought out Kim to help her learn how to become more assertive and overcome her natural reticence, and she already felt a boost in confidence just from one look at herself in the mirror.
She entered the bathroom stall and slid the lock in place. As she took a seat on the toilet, she recalled the half a dozen people throughout the morning who had noted her change in appearance and complimented her on how nice she looked. Just wearing heels already made her a few inches taller than her natural 5'2" height, and every compliment delivered further confidence boosts. As the morning wore on, she felt as if her back became straighter and her shoulders broader. Whereas her appearance previously rarely warranted more than a passing glance, she saw how more than a few men do double takes or give her longer more drawn out looks, as if they were admiring her body. Even some of the guys that reported to her in her own department seemed to be checking her out, which creeped her out a little. She reminded herself how Kim advised her to use her sex appeal to draw men's attention, but then she could use her professional acumen to impress them further. Namely, she could enjoy the benefits of dressing a little bit more sexily, but that didn't mean she had to act like a slut. She was surprised to see her own staff, both the women and the men, seemed to jump to attention more quickly and rushed off to complete her task requests with more urgency.
At first, she was alarmed by the unsolicited attention, although she found herself becoming more accustomed to it as the morning hours passed. She told herself it was all part of the process of coming out of her shell and growing her self-confidence. After a while, the men checking out her body didn't bother her as much. She found that while the men had wandering eyes, most of them were otherwise harmless. In fact, many of them almost seemed intimidated by her, as if her new look exuded a poise that gave them pause. They'd steal glances her way, but the men almost seemed to stutter and lose their trains of thought when talking to her. Lily couldn't help but be amused at how predictable men were, and how easy it seemed to manipulate them.
Lily wondered how all those men would've reacted if they'd known she wasn't wearing any underwear. It was her own naughty little secret, and she couldn't help but walk with a little extra sway in her hips as her heels clicked down the hallway.
Lily took a deep breath as she sat in the restroom stall. Kim had dictated her dress code for today, and she had requested a picture confirming that her instructions were followed. Lily was hesitant to take a nude selfie, although she remembered how Kim said there should be no secrets between them, and she trusted Kim with all her soul.
After all, Lily had initially been hesitant about changing how she dressed at work, but it'd only been a few hours, and Lily was already seeing the wisdom in Kim's instructions. Besides, Lily remembered a few weeks ago when she had entered Kim's office and stripped naked in front of her, offering her whole body to Kim. She trusted Kim, and today was only proving how right she was to place her faith in Kim. Although she initially harbored some doubts after seeing Kim naked and tied up in front of her Master, her trust in Kim's guidance was bolstered by the immediate results she saw today just by making a small change in how she dressed.
Lily held her phone at arm's length. She studied the image on the screen. Her skirt was pulled up and her legs were splayed. Her torso was pressed forward, and her blouse was unbuttoned halfway down. The image on the screen gave a clear shot down her top to her naked breasts. For the first time in her life, she felt sexy, and she smiled into the camera as she pushed the button to capture the image.
She pulled the camera back and looked at the picture, still in disbelief that the image was really of her. She never imagined herself looking that sexy and confident. After she hit send on the text, the photo was on its way to Kim, and she quickly fixed her clothing and returned to work.
*****
Lily returned to the restroom at work the next day again. She was dressed similarly to the day before in a pencil skirt paired with a silk blouse. She was becoming more accustomed to her new look, and the confidence that it instilled into her. She held her chin up high as she walked down the hallways of Geneco, and she confidently looked everyone in the eye as she passed by. She was amused how often people turned away nervously, as if they were avoiding any interaction, and Lily realized that's exactly how she would've reacted herself just a few days ago.
Self-doubt crept back in as she contemplated her current challenge from Kim, though. She pulled out her phone and read the message one last time to be sure.
Kim: Masturbate yourself to orgasm. At work.
The instructions were clear, and Lily set about to fulfill her teacher's command. She pulled her skirt up but froze as she heard someone else enter the rest room. Her breath grew rapid in fright as she feared being discovered in the act, although she quickly realized there was nothing to discover. She was sitting on a toilet with her skirt pulled up. How else was she supposed to use the toilet? Nevertheless, she held her breath as the other woman entered the stall to her left. Lily couldn't help but wonder who it was. She didn't recognize the shoes of the woman showing under the wall next to her, although the gaps between the walls of the stall made her nervous all over again. Anyone could peek right through them and see her in a vulnerable state if they were so inclined.
The other woman took a piss and quickly cleaned herself off before washing her hands and leaving Lily alone in the rest room again.
Feeling as if she had dodged a bullet, Lily resolved to masturbate as quickly as possible to orgasm before another woman came into the rest room. Images from the recent weeks flooded her mind of everything that led her to this moment. She thought about watching Kim on stage as she flashed her pussy during the company town hall for the entire corporation to see. She remembered stripping naked in Kim's office and offering herself, body and soul, to Kim.
She had long admired Kim for her combination of beauty and brains. As she grew closer to Kim, her admiration turned into lust at some point, and now her pussy moistened as images of Kim filled her mind. She knew that Kim didn't reciprocate her feelings, but she was content to exist in Kim's world and follow in her footsteps. She trusted her wholeheartedly, and she resolved to do everything she could to put herself in Kim's good graces.
She was hunched over, furiously rubbing her mound. Her arousal was quickly escalating, and she leaned back until her head rested against the wall. The plumbing from the wall to the toilet dug into her back, but she hardly even noticed it. She recalled the evening in the motel where Kim let her have her way with the VP of Operations, Ted Gaines. He was tied up and helpless on the bed as her juices flowed down and covered his face while she climaxed.
Lily spread her legs wider, her skirt rising up higher until her feet stretched under the walls and into the stalls on either side of her. One hand fingered her pussy while the other unbuttoned her blouse and began playing with her titties. By this point, her nipples were so sensitive to the touch, she couldn't help but let a soft moan escape from her lips. She heard drips, the juices of her arousal coming off her pussy and gently dropping into the toilet water below.
Just then she heard the door open and the click of heels coming across the tiled restroom floor. "Shit, someone else is here," she thought to herself. She pulled her legs back in and stopped rubbing herself for a moment as the woman entered the stall to her left.
Lily cursed under her breath. She was so close to a climax the interruption was unbearable. Her pussy was so sensitive, and her clit and labia were so swollen that the temptation proved too great. She threw caution to the wind. She didn't care if there was someone in the stall next to her. All she cared about was reaching her climax.
Lily threw her head back and exhaled slowly in relief as her fingers touched her pussy and sent electric sensations up and down her spine. Her pussy turned back on like a faucet, and she struggled to remain silent, to not give away her own actions, although the squishing sound of her finger probing in and out of the folds of her pussy were unmistakable.
She put her other hand into her mouth and bit down in a desperate attempt to keep from making noise, but she whimpered instead, unable to control her own reactions.
"Are you okay in there? Do you need any assistance?" a concerned voice asked from the stall next to her.
Lily recognized the voice. It was Joan, the HR Manager. She'd heard stories over the years about employees being terminated or severely disciplined for inappropriate behavior, and she could only imagine what might happen to her if she was caught masturbating at work. Lily was edging hard, and she no longer cared if Joan suspected anything. Lily was so close to orgasm that she pressed forth in the relentless pursuit of passion.
Lily was surprised by the fact that she seemed to be turned on even more by the fact that Joan was right next to her as she masturbated. Lily had always avoided sexualization of her body, and it shocked her to find she was turned on by acting so lewdly in a public setting. She raised her feet off the floor, desperate to push herself to climax. She spread out her legs in the air, resting her left foot on the toilet paper roll holder on her left while the heel on her right foot loudly clacked as it stabbed against the wall to her right.
"Oh my God," she muttered, no longer able to contain her emotions.
She heard the toilet flushing in the stall next to her.
"You sound as if you're in pain. Are you sure you don't need any assistance?" Joan asked, her voice filled with earnest concern.
Lily looked through the cracks between the door, fearful that Joan might attempt to peer through and catch sight of her as the climax took over her body. Lily's body tensed up, her muscles spasming as her arousal crested and shot off inside her like fireworks exploding on the 4thof July. Shockwaves reverberated through her body as wave after wave of pleasure filled her with warmth and exhilaration.
"Oh God, it's happening," Lily said, her voice practically shrieking in pleasure.
"Well, um, okay, Lily, is that you? I guess maybe it sounds like maybe you're doing much better now," Joan said as she slowly backed away. "I'll leave you alone."
"Oh God, I'm feeling so much better now," Lily said with a satisfied sigh as she heard the sound of running water as Joan washed her hands in the sink.
Lily leaned back against the wall, her body sweaty and the intensity of her orgasm having sapped her of all strength. She dropped her feet back to the floor, her heels softly clicking as they struck the ground, and then she leaned forward again, her elbows resting on her knees as she hung her head, still reeling from her orgasm and trying to comprehend what just happened.
At that moment, she heard another woman enter the rest room again, and Lily resolved to collect herself and somehow return to work, although she couldn't help but wonder how she could ever face Joan in the workplace again.
*****
On Wednesday, Lily spent the morning reliving the events from the day before. She couldn't believe she had really gone through with the brazen stunt of masturbating at work. If the whole thing had gone off with no one around, then it might have been different, but Lily was left wondering if Joan, the HR Manager, harbored any suspicions about what Lily was actually doing in the restroom stall. The very fact that Joan was right there and, even if unknowingly, heard her climax moistened her pussy again a day later.
The events of the week had so far left Lily feeling sexier and more confident than ever. Kim's lessons were decidedly unorthodox, but they forced Lily out of her shell, and Lily was already beginning to plot how to apply her newfound confidence for professional gain.
Kim's lessons weren't anything Lily could've learned from the self-help and career advice books she used to digest, but they filled her with a sense of self-worth and risk-taking that the dozens of books and methods she previously tried failed to do.
Nevertheless, there was one thing about Kim that ate away at her, and that was her relationship with Nick Donovan. Lily had heard Kim's excuses why she was submissive to him, and she knew that money and success didn't always equate to wisdom, but it still bothered her that the company CEO, her teacher, was submissive to someone so inferior to her by every reasonable measure.
As Lily looked at her computer screen, she decided she needed to answer some burning questions on the topic. She opened up the Teams instant message program that Geneco used so that employees could informally chat on work topics. She opened an IM message box to send a message to Nick, but she was hesitant to reach out to him. She really didn't know him at all except through Kim. He had been a face she'd passed in the hallway at work a few times, but they had never spoken a word to each other until she saw in him complete command of Kim's naked body at Kim's own house on Saturday night. She recalled how helpless and submissive Kim was to him that night, and the image was still burned in her brain. What's more, she learned that Marcia Caden, his own Manager at Geneco, was also under his command.
Lily's curiosity overtook her, though, and she sent him a message. The next thing she knew, flashing dots indicated that he was typing a response, and she held her breath in anticipation. Soon they traded a short flurry of messages that ended in an agreement to meet in the document vault during the lunch hour.
Lily wanted to meet with him in private to understand his relationship with Kim. Their conversation required privacy, but Lily didn't have a private office, and she didn't want to book a conference room that might cause anyone to ask why they were meeting. She briefly considered meeting him someplace off site after work, but she felt safer meeting him in the confines of Geneco.
She knew that her employees took lunch religiously between noon and 1 pm every day, and the document vault would otherwise be empty during that time, so Lily proposed meeting him there. The document vault was in a back corner of the building with thick walls where no one would overhear their conversation. Furthermore, the vault required badge access that only her team possessed, and a bell chime sounded if anyone entered, so it offered the perfect protections for Lily to have a private conversation with Nick to learn more about her own teacher's Master.
*****
Nick entered the Documentation Control department area. This section of the facility was foreign to him since his role didn't have much interaction with Document Control, and he proceeded with caution.
The door to the Document Vault was locked with a card reader. He tried to badge in, but the card reader rejected him. He stood perplexed, wondering if he should knock or if maybe Lily stood him up when the door opened, and there stood Lily Banner in the doorway, motioning him to enter.
"This is interesting," Nick mused as he stepped into a room with endless rows of high-density filing cabinets on rolling tracks.
"Thank you for coming here. I wanted to talk to you," Lily said awkwardly.
"It's nice to meet you, too," Nick replied sardonically.
Lily was taken aback, but she quickly recovered. "I'm sorry. We haven't met formally. I'm Lily Banner."
"Lily, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Nick, but you already knew that. Now why did you call me down here. I'm guessing it's not to show off the vault."
"No, I just needed a private place to chat," she admitted.
"So, what are we chatting about?"
Lily paused, doubting herself for a second. She studied Nick, searching his face for any clues to his influence. She knew how devoted Kim was to him, and she feared that she might somehow fall prey to his influence, as well. She took a deep breath and collected herself before answering.
"What is your secret?" she asked.
"My secret?" Nick answered with a question.
Lily took a deep breath before explaining. "I'm following Kim because she's this incredibly successful CEO. She smart and beautiful; she's everything I aspire to be. But who are you? Why is she submissive to you?"
Now it was Nick's turn to pause and consider his response.
"I simply appealed to her own secret desires," he finally answered. "I don't force her to do anything. She does it all willingly because that's what she wants. You see the problem is people like to play it safe. We are all creatures of habit, and some people are perfectly happy and content in that environment. They live their ho hum humdrum lives, cradle to grave."
"But other people aren't satisfied with just going through the motions, with going through the grind," Nick continued. "They want to live a little. They want to try and experience new things. Maybe they're on a never-ending search for the meaning of life. Or maybe they just enjoy taking risks. Whatever it is, Kim is one of those people. She was bored with her life and ready to try something new, except she didn't even know what that something new was, and that's where I came in. I helped Kim push past her boundaries into new experiences. To try the things she never dared do on her own accord. You see, sometimes it just takes a gentle push from an outsider to expand your horizons and enter new territories."
Lily inhaled deeply. "I suppose you have a point," she conceded as she considered how Kim had pushed Lily beyond her own boundaries the past few days. Lily was already starting to realize the benefits of stepping out of her comfort zone. "I'm a naturally shy woman," Lily continued, "and I want to be more assertive. I have career ambitions, and I want to learn how to move up the corporate ladder."
"You aspire to be like Kim, but you're also different," Nick observed. "Her desires are more lustful and carnal, whereas yours appear to be more professional." Lily nodded her head in agreement. "That said, you appear to be dressing differently. Is that Kim's influence?"
Lily blushed as she nodded her head again. "Yes, it wasn't my choice. But it's worked. I feel sexier and more confident. I garner more attention dressing like this, and then it's up to me how to take advantage of the extra attention."
"Exactly!" Nick said excitedly. "You see, sex is transactional. But again, this is where you and Kim differ. For Kim, she's a thrill seeker. She gets a high from doing the taboo. From sleeping with younger men. From being exposed in public. She gets off on humiliation. She gets off on people treating her like a slut, especially when they know that she's a corporate executive."
"I'm not like that," Lily softly stated.
"I can tell," Nick agreed. "Then again, maybe it's that way for Kim because she's already CEO of a publicly traded company. She already has all the professional success that you crave, so maybe her own needs have evolved from the professional to the personal."
"I suppose that is possible," Lily realized.
"Nevertheless, you have your own stated goals, which is to move up professionally. Now, you've already acknowledged how you have noticed the extra attention you collect just by dressing a little sexier. Now, since Kim is my submissive, I happen to know about the night you and she spent with Ted Gaines."
Lily's eyes bulged. "You - you know about that."
Now it was Nick's turn to slowly nod his head. "I do, and I'll tell you. I think that's your golden ticket."
"What do you mean?"
"You have blackmail material you can lord over him, pictures and so forth, don't you?"
"Yes, we do."
"He treasures his respectable professional and family status, but we both know he's a fraud. The public perception is that he's a hard-working family oriented all around good guy, but you know the truth. You know how he's had extra marital affairs. You have video and pictures of him in engaging in things that his wife, his church, even this workplace, would find very interesting. That is power you can wield over him, isn't it?"
"I hadn't thought of it like that," Lily confessed.
"Maybe you should. Maybe that's a way to get what you want," Nick suggested.
"Blackmail him for what?" Lily wondered aloud.
"I told you the other night that I won't interfere in your relationship with Kim, and I meant it. That's for you to decide, but it seems you would know how to use that information to dig dear old Ted into an even deeper hole, and then use that as leverage to get what you really desire. Professional advancement."
Lily sat for a second, letting Nick's words sink in. "How would I even go about doing that?" she asked.
"Ted Gaines is a man full of hubris. The more you can humiliate him, the more he will capitulate to your own demands. He values his reputation and his image, and he'll go to great lengths to protect both. That's his weakness. Now you just need to turn his weakness into your strength."
"I think I'm beginning to see why Kim follows you," she mused.
"It's just like Kim said the other night," Nick reminded her. "Money and power don't always equal wisdom. Now I'll tell you. Ted is plenty smart, but he's an arrogant prick. I don't mind seeing him suffer a little, and if there's anything I can personally do to help out to that end, let me know."
Lily was almost speechless for a second. "I - I appreciate that, yes, thank you," she answered, stumbling over her words.
"Good. I think we've come to a mutual understanding. Now, if you don't mind, my lunch break is almost over, and I'd like to grab a quick bite before I have to get back to work. You know that boss of mine is a real bitch," he said with an easy-going chuckle.
Lily laughed uncomfortably as she remembered the sight of Marcia tied up and naked in Kim's house last Saturday night.
"Thank you for this talk," Lily called out gratefully as he turned to leave.
"The pleasure was all mine. Good luck sticking it to Ted," he replied as the door to the document vault slowly closed behind him.
*****
The next day, Ted looked skeptically at the calendar invite when it appeared in his email inbox. Lily Banner had requested a private hour-long meeting in his office. He had purposefully avoided Kim and Lily ever since they had lured him to a seedy motel room just to tie him up and dominate him, but he was curious what prompted Lilly's meeting request that day.
Ted seemingly had an ideal life with an executive position in a publicly traded company and a picture-perfect family at home. He cursed himself out, however, for his recent misadventures that seriously threatened his blessed home life and career. It had started several months back with his extra marital affair with Marcia. Marcia ended their affair for reasons that still weren't entirely clear to him, but then his own boss, Kim Barnes began blackmailing him into submission with evidence of his affair with Marcia. Most recently, Kim lured him to the humiliating motel encounter with Kim and Lily, which only provided them with more blackmail material.
He was frustrated with himself for his lack of self-control, although he had taken some action after that encounter to regain some measure of revenge against Kim. The fruit of that effort would soon come to light, although he was still fearful of Lily. For now, both Kim and Lily threatened to expose his indiscretions, which would lead to ruin in both his professional and personal lives. His wife was deeply religious, and he knew she would not take kindly to his blatant disregard for the sanctity of their marriage.
Nevertheless, he was intrigued by Lily. He had never regarded Lily as a sexy woman prior to their motel room romp, but his mind kept rushing back to the memories of her sitting on his face, leaving him buried in her pussy to the point he could barely breathe. As he inhaled, he remembered the scent of her arousal.
He was shuffling some papers when Lily Banner appeared at his office door. He waved her in, and she closed the door behind her. Immediately, he noticed the change in her appearance. She was typically dressed all in black, wearing professional pants and tops, although her attire was usually more on the casual, baggy side. She gave the impression of a reformed emo with her pale skin, black hair and all black outfits. But now, she wore a tight skirt that hugged her hips and showed off a little leg. She wore heels that accentuated her calves, and her smooth legs looked long and lean in black nylon stockings. Her top was a white blouse that fit her nicely, and he couldn't help but notice the curve of her breasts. Although they weren't large, it was the first time he even noticed she had breasts since the loose/ baggy tops she usually wore never gave any indication.
He caught himself staring at her appearance for a second before finally catching himself and inviting her to join him. "Please, have a seat," he enjoined.
*****
Lily closed Ted's office door behind her, and she was careful to push in the door lock to ensure their privacy. She had played all the possible scenarios in her head and preparing herself for this moment. She knew she was about to take a big risk, but she figured it was go big or go home.
She marched into his office, trying to exude confidence, although her entire body was shaking in nervousness. She marched right up to his desk and declared, "We need to talk."
"You set up the meeting. What would you like to talk about?" Ted pointed out.
"We haven't talked since our little motel encounter the other week," she replied.
Ted drew a deep breath. "You and Kim had your fun. You humiliated me. Am I supposed to pretend that I enjoyed it?"
"You don't have to pretend. I saw how hard it made your cock. You got off on eating out my pussy," Lily retorted.
Ted sighed deeply. "So, what now?"
"I have a proposal. A mutually beneficial proposal," she suggested.
Ted studied her face for a moment, trying to discern her motives. "I'm listening."
"You already know that I have pictures and videos that.... If they fell in the wrong hands, it could be very bad, correct?"
Ted nodded his head in understanding.
"Now we can keep all that safely hidden away from the world so that no one ever knows about your transgressions. But there's what you want, and there's what I want."
Lily smiled slyly, her confidence growing as she watched her words sink in with Ted.
"And what is it you want, and, more importantly, what is it you think I want?" he skeptically asked.
"For you, it's simple. You want to stray from your marriage. I can't speak for your poor wife, but I don't know her, and I don't care. Personally, I more enjoy a feminine touch compared to the rough hands of a man, but you didn't do a bad job eating out my pussy the other week."
Ted breathed a sigh of relief. "So, I want to eat pussy, and you want your pussy eaten. Is that the arrangement?"
Lily's laughed dismissively, just as she had rehearsed. "No, silly. You want to cheat on your wife. You want sex on the side. I can give you a taste of that. But, in exchange, I want to move up in the company."
Ted's eyes lit up as the full extent of the proposal came to light.
"So, you want to sleep your way up the ladder," Ted realized.
"And, in exchange, if you can bring me to orgasm using your tongue like you did the other week. If I'm as lost in orgasm as I was the other week, I might not even mind if you slip your cock into me on occasion," she offered.
Ted was silent, taking in the proposal.
"Understand. I call the shots. I don't do anything I don't want to, and you don't do anything to me I don't let you do. If you cross the line, then some of the facts of your infidelity may start coming to light," she threatened him.
Ted sat back in his chair, suspiciously eyeing the woman standing before him. Even though he was a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier, he felt intimidated. She was making a power move, which he respected in an odd way. The proposal was a quid pro quo, which was strictly forbidden legally, although the quid pro quo was in reverse. Typically, upper management held out the promise of promotion to curry personal favors, whereas, Lily was essentially blackmailing him into a quid pro quo relationship.
"What about Kim? How does she factor into all this?" Ted asked.
"She doesn't. This is strictly between you and me, so don't worry about her. I can keep her in line," Lily promised, her confidence rising.
Ted paused to consider the proposal. He sat and admired Lily for a moment. She had an assertiveness he'd never seen before, and he found it attractive.
"I'm not sure anyone can control Kim anymore," Ted scoffed as he recalled some of the indignations he had recently suffered at Kim's hand. "But let's say you're right. What kind of promotion do you have in mind?"
"Nothing outrageous. I'm ambitious but realistic. Make me manager over all your documentation specialists. Right now, I oversee all the record storage. This is just switching over to the record creation side and wouldn't raise any eyebrows. From there, after a year, it could go different directions. Into Planning/ Scheduling or Production Management. This isn't a short-term thing. I'd expect to move up every year or every other year."
Ted stared at Lily, but she held his gaze with steely resolve until he finally relented and looked down, hanging his head in resignation.
"I can't believe I'm actually considering this, but you've got me between a rock and a hard place. If you go back on your word, you'll regret it," he cautioned her.
"Same goes for you," she promised.
A silence hung in the air for a few seconds before Ted spoke again, this time much more softly, his defiance broken.
"So, what now?" Ted asked.
Lily smiled, realizing that she had succeeded in her plan. She almost felt sorry for him given how defeated his voice sounded, although that led her to assume it was really the blackmail threat that drove his acquiescence.
"This is quite a momentous occasion, don't you think? Perhaps we should celebrate the moment," Lily suggested, thinking maybe she could throw him a bone.
Ted looked up, his face perplexed as Lily stepped around his desk and pushed his chair back. Then she proceeded to jump up and sit on his desk. She spread her legs and looked at him seductively as she pulled her skirt up until the top of her nylons and then her pussy came into view.
"I promised you a mutually beneficial relationship. I know you think it's a one-sided relationship, but I want to give a good faith demonstration of my commitment to our new relationship," she eagerly declared.
Lily stretched her foot out and dug her heel down on the seat of Ted's chair, less than an inch from the bulge in his pants. Then she slid his chair back toward her until Ted was only inches away from her exposed pussy. His eyes nearly popped out of his head as he took in the sight of her pussy on display.
"It's time to feast," she told him. "I hope you're hungry."
*****
Ted eyes darted up and down from Lily's pussy to her face. The whole moment was surreal. He spied his office door and confirmed it was locked. The office windows looking outside were reflective, and no one from outside could see in. He had sworn to himself that he was done taking unnecessary risks and engaging in extramarital workplace affairs that could jeopardize his home life and career, but here he was, about to embark on another inappropriate relationship.
He quickly reasoned that he didn't have a choice anyway, since Lily had clearly threatened to reveal damning pictures and videos if he didn't comply. As he leaned forward, he smelled her arousal and could see the dampness on her mound. He looked up one last time, and Lily squinted her eyes at him, a sly smile creeping across her face as she clearly enjoyed exerting such influence over him.
Her aroma was intoxicating, though, and the forbidden nature of engaging in sex acts in his work office was too tempting to resist. Against his better judgement, he raised his hands to spread her labia, and then he pressed his tongue forward until he tasted her. His nostrils were filled with the scent of her arousal, and the slightly metallic taste of her juices lay on his tongue as he began to lightly flit at her nether region. He was instantly reminded of how she smelled and tasted that night at the motel.
That night, she had sat on his face and nearly suffocated him. Now he was more in control, and he took satisfaction in seeing Lily's instant reaction as she leaned back and sighed loudly. As Ted began to lick her in earnest, she raised her legs and wrapped them around his head.
"My God, you have a talented tongue," Lily sighed.
Ted moved his tongue just slightly north until he landed on her clitoris.
"Ooh," Lily cooed as she let out a long exhale.
Ted felt her hands against the back of his head, mussing his hair.
"Not too loud. Someone might hear," he cautioned.
Lily didn't reply, although she seemed to grow quieter, at least momentarily. Ted flitted his tongue at her clitoris, giving it constant light pressure, and her body was responding just as he knew it would. Her juices were flowing fast, and he lapped it up as if it was a reward for his efforts. Her breath grew shorter and more labored. Her legs squeezed around his head, but as her body grew weaker, they loosened their grip, and then she let them relax and just drape over his shoulders, her feet dangling in the air behind him.
By this point, Lily was lying back flat on the desk, her head practically hanging off the edge of the table, but she didn't even care. And still, Ted pressed forward, pushing her ever closer to an orgasm. When Lily had initiated the sex encounter by jumping up on his desk, she had felt in control of the situation. As her arousal overtook her body, she knew she was dangerously close to ceding that control, although she was quickly blinded by her impending orgasm, and everything else seemingly slipped her mind in the moment.
*****
Lily had fully intended to maintain the upper hand in her encounter with Ted, but she knew that she was quickly succumbing to her own arousal and that Ted was gaining the upper hand. Her mind was telling her to stop and maintain control over the situation, but her own desire overruled common sense, and she let him work his magic on her sex. She was edging, and he seemed to sense when she was about to go past the point of no return, as he repeatedly stopped, cruelly leaving her teetering on the edge of orgasm.
She cried out in frustration. "Please," she simply begged him.
He resumed administering oral pleasure, only to stop again when she was on the brink of a climax.
"Oh my god, I can't take it. I need it. Please make me cum," she implored him.
Ted's tongue returned to duty, and this time he didn't stop. Lily bit her lip, trying to keep her voice down, but she still whimpered as the climax seeped through every inch of her body, spreading through all her veins until it left her shaking uncontrollably. Exhausted, her head hung limply off the end of the desk, her eyes facing backward toward the office door. She stared at the lock on the door, making sure it was pressed in, as if it might accidentally pop out and need to be reset at any given moment.
Lily felt her legs rise as they followed along with Ted's shoulders as he stood up. Then, the next thing she knew, she felt a phallic object penetrate her pussy.
*****
"You promised if I did a good job eating your pussy that you wouldn't mind if I slipped myself inside you," Ted reminded her.
He laughed as Lily's head jolted up and stared in disbelief at the sight of him inserted inside her.
She grunted, half in frustration, half in pleasure.
"Admit it, you like the feel of a good hard cock inside you," he teased her.
She grunted again, although now it sounded more in pleasure than frustration.
"That's it. Just enjoy how it feels inside you," he encouraged her. "I know you said you like a woman's touch, and I can't blame you there. I prefer the soft touch of a woman, as well. But there are things only a man can do."
"Oh God, I can't believe I'm enjoying this," Lily lamented.
"You're such a cock tease, you know that. You sit on my face until you orgasm in the motel. And now you make me eat you out until you climax again with no thought given to letting me cum. But now you know what you've been missing out on," Ted scolded her.
Lily lay on her back on Ted's desk, her legs running up the length of his torso and her ankles around his ears as he thrust his cock in and out of her.
"I'll eat your pussy," he informed her. "You can put a couple invites a week on my calendar so that you can get your rocks off. You seem to enjoy being freaky in the office. It must go with your makeover. I assume that's all Kim's doing. Anyway, I can get used to our new arrangement."
"Don't forget about the other part of our deal," Lily spat out between labored breaths.
"I'll take care of your promotion if you just keep giving up that pussy," he promised her. "If you give good head and give up that ass, I can probably move you up even faster."
Ted saw her eyes nearly roll to the back of her head as she leaned her head back again, and she clearly became lost in her own arousal. With a last few powerful thrusts, he impaled himself inside her as he shot his load, his cum spurting forth and coating inside her vaginal cavity. Lily looked up in shock, her face covered in sweat and her hair matted as Ted pulled out of her and pulled back up his pants. The unmistakable smell of sex filled the office.
"It seems our meeting time is almost up," Ted declared. "Now, if you don't mind, you need to get dressed. I've got another meeting to get to, and you probably don't want people to see you half naked in here," Ted pointed out.
Lily felt ashamed that she had let the situation spiral out of her control as she quickly pulled down her skirt and tried to fix her hair. Nevertheless, even though her encounter with Ted had not gone completely according to plan, she took comfort in the knowledge that she succeeded in her larger goal, and that she had effectively secured a promotion for herself.
"I'll be back for another session tomorrow," she promised, her head still dizzy from after-effects of the orgasm still reverberating through her body.
"I know you will," Ted answered.
*****
To be continued...