[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Las Vegas: Two weeks later
"You seem nervous, baby," Val said to Ron as they rode up in the elevator after having a drink in the hotel bar.
"A little," he said. "Aren't you?"
"Maybe a tiny bit," she answered. "But I'm so horny thinking about my fantasy—ourfantasies—coming true that it more than makes up for it."
"I guess that's what has me nervous," he said. "What if the reality of taking a big black cock is so good that that's all you'll want from now on, and we'll be up here every other weekend?"
"And what if you like seeing me get fucked by another guy so much that all you'll want to do after this is to jerk off while you sit back and watch?" she said.
"Fat chance of that!" he said.
"Same answer for me," she responded. "We're acting out a couple of fantasies, baby. After tonight, we go back to our real lives, with what I think are going to be great memories that will get us both horny when we talk about them." She chuckled, and added, "And when we watch the video."
She wrapped her arms around him, and gave him a hard, passionate kiss. "I love so much, baby," she said when they broke. "Please try to relax. I have a feeling you're going to like this as much as I do ... well, almost."
***
The guy they chose through Fantasy's online "catalog," turned out to be a master with couples, like Ron and Val, who were experiencing their first threesome. He understood Val's BBC fantasy, as much as Ron's "watching another guy fuck his wife" desire, and also his nervousness about it.
His name was Reggie; he had been born in Indiana, but had grown up in Jamaica. His folks managed a beach resort there until hurricane Ivan wiped it out in 2004. Reggie was 15 when they came back to the states and settled in Las Vegas.
Reggie was completing college and working as a valet parking-attendant at one of the casinos when he was "discovered" by one of Fantasy's founding partners during a trip to the men's room. An accidental glance while standing at the urinals garnered the reaction, "Holy shit!" The man gave Reggie his card, and told him to drop by the office if he was "... looking to put that thing to work."
Reggie had to wait a few month, until he was 21, to start working for Fantasy (company policy), but nine years later, at 30 years old, he was quite sure that he had made the right career choice. Not only was he making very good money, but he was meeting some interesting people—and having sex with more than half of them! He didn't think a career in finance would have measured up. His minor in psychologydidcome in handy, however.
***
When Reggie's knock came on the hotel room door, both Val and Ron had already showered. Ron was dressed in a pair of light slacks and a short sleeve shirt—with no underwear—and Val wore one of her husbands white dress shirts with nothing underneath. The top four buttons were left undone, exposing the curves of her breasts, and the too-long sleeves were rolled up to her wrists. It was a look that Ron found as sexy to look at as Val did to wear.
Ron opened the door, and said, "Hi, Reggie. I'm Ron. It's a pleasure to meet you. Please come in and meet my wife."
"The pleasure is mine," Reggie said with a slight Jamaican accent. "After our texts back and forth it almost seems that I know you already, though."
As the two men walked into the room, Val walked forward, extended her hand to Reggie, and said, "Hi, I'm Val. I'm happy to finally meet you."
He shook her hand gently, and said with a little laugh, "Not as happy as I am!"
Still holding her hand, he stepped back so both of their arms were extended, and then he made a slow glance from her bare feet up her naked legs, over her semi-exposed breasts, and finally to her to her eyes.
He smiled broadly, then turned to Ron, and said. "You are one lucky man!"
He turned back to face Val, and nodding toward Ron, he added, "And you are a lucky woman! To have a fine looking husband—who I'm sure satisfies you—and yet is confident enough to share your beauty and allow you to indulge your erotic desires is a rare thing."
She smiled back, and meeting her husband's eyes, she said, "I think he's pretty special."
Ron was pretty sure that Reggie likely used that opening with all of his new clients, but it was still pretty smooth. He was developing a very quick liking for Reggie.
At six foot he was two inches taller than Ron, and six taller than Val. Even with all his clothes on, Ron could tell he was well built. Of course, being ten years younger, and probably having his days free to work out, no doubt helped that. And in his line of work, he was certainly motivated to stay in shape.
Standing next to Val, Reggie turned to Ron, and said, "Do you mind if I further undress your lovely wife?" He turned back to her, and added, "With her permission, too, of course."
"No. Go ahead," Ron answered at the same time that Val answered, "Please do!"
Starting with the bottom button, Reggie undid each one, and then let the shirt fall open, naturally, still hiding most of each of her hard-nippled tits. He looked down between the curves of her breasts, across her belly, and to her bald pussy.
He brought his eyes back up to meet hers, and then taking the edges of the shirt in his fingers, he gently and slowly pulled it open until her tits were completely exposed.
He looked down, and smiled. "You are very lovely," she said in his sexy accent, and then lowered his head. He tenderly kissed her right nipple, and then her left. He opened his mouth, and as his tongue flicked over the stiff nub, he kept pushing the shirt farther open, until it was moving off of her shoulders.
As he moved his mouth back to her other nipple, she shrugged, and the shirt fell to the floor, leaving her completely naked in front of her husband and this sexy black man. She felt the wetness begin to seep from deep inside her to wet her pussy lips.
Reggie put his hands on her back, and held her from moving while he pressed his mouth harder against her tits, moving back and forth between them.
Val looked down, and watched Reggie's mouth go from tit to tit, and then looked up to see Ron standing there watching, and seemingly unconsciously rubbing the bulge in his pants.
She pantomimed taking a picture, and then pointed to her cell phone camera that Ron had set up on a tripod.
Ron quickly got the camera started and framed on Reggie and his wife, and then took out his own phone, and began taking stills of the interaction.
Reggie sucked hard, one last time, on each of Val's nipples, and then he kissed his way down over her stomach, probing her bellybutton with his tongue as he went.
Ron snapped pictures as Reggie got on his knees and positioned his face in front of his wife's shaven pussy.
With his big black hands now clutching the white globes of Val's ass cheeks, Reggie planted an open-mouth kiss between her legs that completely covered her pubic mound.
Val let out a contented "Mmm," at the feeling of his warm mouth against her waiting pussy, but then sucked in her breath with a long, "Ohhh!" as he stuck his tongue out and licked it through the soft folds glistening with her juices.
She spread her legs and rotated her hips as much as she could while still keeping her balance, and then, aided by Reggie's hands on her ass helping to stabilize her, she just closed her eyes and moaned as his tongue snaked through her pussy lips while he sucked on her mound and rocked his head up and down.
With a long sucking kiss, Reggie disengaged his mouth from her pussy, but then, still on his knees, he guided her backwards to the bed. He had her sit on the edge, and then slide backwards enough that she could get her feet up on the bed with her knees up, and spread wide.
He then leaned over, putting his chest onto the bed, put his hands on her inner thighs, spreading her legs even more, and finally advanced his face back to where it had been.
Ron scrambled to move the tripod and get the camera reframed on his wife's spread and glistening pussy. Zoomed in, he was watching the screen as Reggie's face entered the shot from the right. In that second Ron was able to see why his wife had been enjoying Reggie's oral assault so much. Reggie had his tongue sticking out, heading back to the soft pink folds of Val's cunt, and his tongue was huge! It was easily longer than anything Ron had ever seen, even in porn movies!
As Ron snapped more stills, Reggie used his thumbs to pull Val's pussy lips apart, exposing her clit. He then flicked the tender little bud with the tip of his tongue.
Ron was amazed at the muscle control that Reggie seemed to have with his tongue! He had once seen a giraffe wrap its long tongue around a tree branch and strip off its leaves; he wouldn't have been a bit surprised if Reggie could do the same thing!
Val let out a pleasant sigh, and put her hands on the back of Reggie's head. She applied just a bit of pressure, indicating that she wanted more.
Obligingly, he slid his tongue down from her clit, through her wet pussy lips, and all the way down to the tight rosebud of her asshole. He traced circles around the little pucker, and flicked the tip of his tongue across its center. Ron expected him to push the amazing thing into the hole, and was a bit disappointed when he didn't. Val even more so!
Reggie moved back upward, and making sure that Ron could see—and take pictures—he stuck his tongue all the way out, and pushed the pink snake into Val's soaking wet cunt hole.
He bobbed his head, fucking her with it, and then opened his mouth wide, and pushed it deeper yet as he covered her whole mound with his mouth, and pressed his face as hard into her upturned crotch as he could.
Ron obviously couldn't tell what Reggie was doing with his tongue buried deep in his wife's cunt, but when he looked at her face, her mouth was open, and her eyes were wide with what Ron assumed to be delighted surprise.
As Reggie rocked his head and did whatever he was doing to the inside of Val's cunt with his tongue, she let out a long, soft, "Oohhh!"
After several delightful minutes of pussy eating, which included more clit licking, lip sucking, asshole teasing, and tongue fucking, Val pushed Reggie away from her crotch, and said, "Okay, now it's my turn; I want to suck on that big black cock I've been dreaming about!"
While Ron moved the tripod again, Reggie stood up at the end of the bed, and took off his shirt. As Val slid forward until she was sitting on the end of the bed, she said, "I want to take your pants off."
He smiled, bent down, and with his fingers woven through her hair, he kissed her passionately. When he straightened back up, he said in his Jamaican lilt, "That would be my pleasure, Valerie." he loved the way he pronounced her name "Valorie" with an O and a rolled R.
She gave Ron and the camera a big smile, and then she reached in front of her and unbuckled Reggie's belt. She slowly pulled down the fly, and then she helped the pants over his tight round ass, letting them fall to the floor. He quickly kicked them clear.
He stood there in tight athletic boxer shorts with the bulge of his BBC clearly outlined down his right leg.
Ron zoomed the shot in more closely.
Wearing a wide grin, Val traced her fingers up and down the long fabric-covered bulge, a few times. As big as it already was, it made her almost giggle to see and feel it grow even more under her light, teasing touch.
Finally, she reached up, slid her fingers into the waistband of his shorts, and began working them down over his ass and off his hips. She intentionally pulled the back down first, and hooked it under his round ass while leaving the front up and hiding the prize.
She then took hold of the front of the waistband and began to pull downwards.
His tight, curly patch of pubic hair came into sight, followed by the root of his cock, and the big balls hiding behind it.
As she continued to drag the shorts down, her smile grew with each inch of massive cock that she exposed.
When she finally slid the elastic band over the head, his cock sprang up from its confinement, almost hitting her in the face.
"Jesus!" Ron said. (It was a reaction that he and Val would laugh about every time they watched the video.)
Val just sucked in her breath as she leaned back slightly to just look at the enormous erection standing nearly straight out from Reggie's muscular, naked body.
She reached out and wrapped both of her hands around it, sliding them gently along its length. When her hands reached the big cock's root, she moved them down and tenderly cupped his balls. At the same time, she leaned in, letting her cheek brush along the taught, hot skin of his erection.
Ron moved in close to watch and photograph his wife worshiping the giant cock, and as she rubbed cheek up and down its length, he said, "Suck it, baby! Take that big black cock into your pretty mouth, and suck on it! That's what we're here for!"
She opened her mouth and clamped her lips around the side of the fat stiff cock, then ran her mouth and tongue along its length a couple of times. She then got back in front of it, and kissed the pre-cum wet head with closed lips, smearing the clear liquid all across her mouth.
Then as Ron snapped close-ups, she relaxed her lips, and leaned forward, letting the big glistening head force her mouth open and her jaws apart.
She lapped and sucked on the big spongy head and then leaned in harder. She wanted to see how much of the biggest cock that she had ever touched she could get into her mouth. As hot as she was, she was quite sure she would not be able to deep throat the giant dick like she did her husband's, however.
Holding her jaws wide apart she engulfed the massive cock until its fat head was pushed against the back of her throat, and her entire mouth was full of BBC.
Ron looked on, less than a foot away, as more and more of Reggie's fat cock disappeared into his wife's mouth. He was amazed at how much of it she was able to get into her mouth, but he was pretty sure she wasn't going to be able to deep throat him.
With her mouth stuffed with cock, she gripped Reggie's ass, and tried to force the fat head into her throat. Her gag reflex was completely masked by her height of arousal and didn't give her any problem, at all, but her throat refused to stretch that wide.
Suddenly, it became a personal challenge to be able to deep throat her first—maybe only—BBC.
She pulled back, and as the saliva-wet cock slipped from her mouth, she slid her hands along its length, twisting and rotating as they went.
"That was amazing, Valerie!" Reggie said. Then to Ron, he added, "Like I said before, you are a lucky man!"
"Maybe sometimes smaller is better," Ron said. "She can takemeright down her throat."
That gave Val an idea. "Take your clothes off, baby!" she told Ron. "Get your cock out and fuck my mouth! Fuck me right down my cock-hungry throat! Maybe it'll loosen me up enough for Reggie."
Ron and Reggie looked at each other and just shrugged. As he peeled off his shirt, Ron said, "Who am I to argue with her?"
"No argument, here, either," Reggie said in his accent.
As Ron kicked his pants away, Val got on her knees in front of him, lapped the drooling head of his hard cock a few times, and then pushed her face all the way to her husband's belly.
As she bobbed back and forth on her husband's cock, fucking her own throat as deep as his length would allow, she held Reggie's big dick in one hand, and continued to stroke it.
When she felt her throat was sufficiently loose, she pulled away from Ron, turned, and took Reggie's cock back into her mouth.
She immediately took him all the way to the opening of her throat, and then with both of her hands digging into the globes of his ass, she kept pushing her face forward.
Little by little, she could feel her esophagus stretch, until finally his whole cock head was inside her throat! Success!
She pulled off the big suffocating dick, and after taking several deep breaths, she looked up at her husband, and with a wide smile, she said, "I did it! I got his big black cock into my throat! Now I want to see how much of it I can take! Make sure you're taking video!"
Ron pulled her camera from the tripod, and got down on his knees with it, right at cock level. Val gave the camera a wide smile, and then started to lick the fat head of Reggie's cock.
Before she opened her mouth to take it in, she looked up at Reggie, and said, "Push your fat black cock right down my throat! Fuck my hungry slut-wife mouth while my hubby watches me take it!"
Val opened her mouth and took in the first few inches of Reggie's ebony dick. As she sucked and swirled her tongue over the fat, smooth head, she reached out, found his hands, and placed them on the back of her head.
She then pulled back until she was sucking on just the head, wet her hands in the spit she had left on his cock, and then slid them back and forth along its length.
With one hand still stroking his exposed cock, she took his big ball sack in the other, and using it almost like a handle, she pulled him forward, shoving his big black dick into her mouth and all the way to her throat.
The cock's forward motion stopped momentarily at the resistance of her esophagus, but she tugged harder on his balls to get him to keep shoving.
He got the message, and holding the back of her head, he rocked his hips forward, and felt the head of his cock enter the tightness of Val's throat.
Having gotten his cock past that barrier, Val tugged on Reggie's balls again, and once more he responded by pushing forward.
Both Reggie and Ron watched as Val's bulging eyes began to water, and she changed her posture to make her throat a straighter tunnel.
Reggie had been with many women who couldn't take nearly what they thought they could, so he was easing his big dick down Val's throat.
With about half of Reggie's BBC inside her mouth and throat, Val finally pushed him back, and he gently withdrew the spit-slobbered cock.
As a string of saliva bridged between her mouth and the head of Reggie's cock, she took a few huge gulps of air and blinked the tears from her eyes.
She looked up at the two men, smiled, and said, "I got this! I can do this! I want you to keep pushing your giant fuck cock down my slut-wife throat this time, Reggie! Don't stop until your fat fucking balls are mashed against my slut face!"
She lapped the head, said, "Fuck my mouth with your big black cock, Reggie!" and opened wide.
As Ron shot a close-up video, Reggie held the back of Val's head, and slowly pushed his dick into her mouth. Once again, he felt the constriction of her throat, but he didn't slow down for it, this time. He felt his cock head slip into the tight opening, and as she tugged on his balls, he kept pushing.
Little by little Ron watched Reggie's massive cock disappear into his wife's mouth, and watched as her eyes bulged and watered. He could also see that she kept the strain on his balls, indicating she wanted him to keep going.
With another adjustment of her posture, she gave a harder tug on Reggie's balls, and he responded by pulling her head against himself until her nose was crushed into his pubic hair, and he felt her squashing his balls against her chin.
She held there for a couple of seconds, and then pulled back away from him, letting the slick cock slide out of her throat and mouth.
After several gasps of air, she said, "Yes! I took your whole big black fucking cock all the way down my throat! I'll bet fucking Betty never didthat!"
Reggie and Ron looked at each other, and Ron said, "Betty?"
"My white-ass bimbo roommate with the black boyfriend that I told you about," Val answered. To Reggie, she said, "His dick was big, but yours is bigger!" Then, with obvious pride, she added, "And I took every inch of your big black cock right down my throat!"
She ran her hands up and down the length of Reggie's spit-wet cock, rubbed the fat dick all over her face, and then after sucking on its head and poking her tongue into its pee hole, she said, "Now that you know the way, you ready to fuck my face with your fat BBC?"
She took a deep breath, opened her mouth, and impaled herself on the big cock, ramming it down her throat, and getting half of it into her mouth on the first shot. Reggie then applied pressure to the back of her head, and pulled her mouth along his dick until she was once again, mashing his balls against her chin.
Then, holding her head by the sides, he drew his cock all the way out, leaving just the head in her mouth, and after hearing her take a new breath, he fucked it all the way down her throat in one motion. He held it there for a long few moments while he pressed her face hard against his abdomen, making sure she had every single millimeter of his fat cock down her throat.
He then began to fuck her mouth. He repeated the long strokes in and out, with each retraction dragging more spit webs that began running from Val's chin.
At one point, she took Ron's hand and placed it on her throat so he could feel the bulge of the fat cock as it filled her gullet.
Finally, she pushed away from Reggie's big cock, and after catching her breath and wiping her watering eyes, she said, "I want to get spit-roasted! I want to get fucked in both ends at the same time!"
She climbed onto the bed, flopped onto her back, and hung her head off one edge. To Reggie, she said, "I want you to fuck my mouth while my sweet hubby shoves his hard cock up my slut-wife cunt hole! I want the two of you to fuck the shit out of this hot, fucking slut-wife!"
Ron climbed up on the bed, pushed Val's legs up and apart, and while holding her ankles, he crawled forward, letting his rock-hard dick find its own way to her glistening pussy.
Rocking his hips, he "dry-humped" his cock across her cunt lips—which were anything but dry! He then maneuvered himself so just the head of his dick was sliding down along her slick lips until he knew he was lined up with her fuck hole. He rocked his hips forward, and his hard cock easily spread the soft wet lips, and made the first entry of the night into the depths of Val's hungry cunt.
Val let out a pleasurable moan as her husband's stiff cock penetrated her to maximum depth in one wonderfully slow push. "Oh, God, baby! You make me so fucking hot! I love the feel of your hard cock filling my cunt! Fuck me with it, baby! Fuck your slut-wife's burning fucking cunt!"
As Reggie looked on, slowly stroking his long black cock, Ron began rocking his hips pulling his dick all the way out of the silky folds of Val's wet pussy and then spearing it all the way in, until his balls mashed against her ass.
As he held his stiff dick deep inside his wife's cunt, and rocked it around, he said to her, "Don't I recall a request for spit roasting? Don't you need a hard cock in your mouth for that? Down your cock-hungry throat?"
"Oh, yeah, baby!" she answered. "Put him in me! Feed his big black cock into my mouth! Show him what a slut-wife you have!"
The request—which was more of a command—took Ron aback for a moment. He had never touched another man's dick before. But then he had never watched another man face-fuck his wife, either, and the fact that his own cock was as hard as a piece of steel showed how much he enjoyedthat.
Then he recalled the slide she had shown him in her mix of BBC porn with a white hand jerking off a black cock onto a pretty white face.
Obviously, this "participation" was something she wanted him to do, and since this whole birthday-present thing was really about indulging her fantasies, he reached out and wrapped his hand around Reggie's big black cock.
From handling his own cock he was not surprised at what Reggie's felt like in his hand—soft smooth skin stretched taught over a blood-engorged muscle—although a good deal bigger. It was curious how hot it felt, though. He had never noticed that with his own cock.
What did surprise him was that having another guy's stiff cock in his hand wasn't immediately repulsive. When he reached out to wrap his hand around the fat erection—still wet with his own wife's spit—he was doing it strictly for Val, and had to force himself through a moment of indecision.
Almost as soon as he held the smooth, hot flesh in his hand, though, he found he felt comfortable with it. Part of that was Val's smiling, encouraging face looking up at him as he broke yet another kinky taboo for her, but the other part was the fact that he had about three quarts of raw testosterone coursing through his bloodstream, overriding almost any puritan objection that his brain could come up with.
With his cock buried balls-deep up her cunt, and his hips grinding into hers, Ron playfully wiped the head of Reggie's dick across Val's smiling face, then said, "Open wide, my beautiful cock-hungry slut-wife! I want to feed you that big fat black fucking cock that you wanted! Happy birthday, baby!"
She opened her mouth, and as Ron guided the fat head—now drooling precum, again—between her lips, Reggie moved forward and began feeding his meat into her mouth.
As the cock disappeared into his wife's mouth, Ron began stroking the yet-to-be inserted length of Reggie's dick. Operating on pure, lustful, animal instinct, Ron quickly felt no compunction at all about jerking off the big cock as it slid into his wanton wife's throat.
With each hand-stroke forward, Ron would push his hand against Val's face so she knew exactly what he was doing for her, and she seemed to like it, because she began rocking her hips, trying to grind her husband's stiff cock deeper into her burning cunt.
When Reggie finally had his whole cock stuffed down Val's throat, again, and there was no more dick to stroke, Ron reached under the thick black cock, cupped Reggie's balls, and mashed them against his wife's nose and face.
Her reaction was to start bouncing her ass on the bed, trying to get her husband to fuck her cunt.
He took the hint, and letting go of Reggie's cock, he grabbed his wife's ankles, and forced her legs back until her knees were touching the bed. With her hips rotated up, he began fucking the familiar cunt as hard and fast as he could slam his balls against her upturned ass.
As Ron fucked Val's cunt, Reggie fucked her throat with a number of short, fast strokes, and then pulled out until only the head of his big dick remained in her mouth, allowing her to breathe.
After a couple of big breaths, Val managed to mumble around the cock-head in her mouth, "Oh, my fucking God! Fuck me, you two! Pound my hot fucking cunt with your stiff cock, baby, and shove that big, black, fucking horse cock down my slut-wife throat! Make me fucking cum!"
"You heard the lady," Ron said to Reggie. "Let's make this cock-hungry slut-wife's cunt explode!" To Val, he said, "Open wide, and take a deep breath, baby!"
While Reggie pushed his big cock back into Val's mouth, Ron began hammering away at her soaking wet pussy, again.
As Reggie fucked his fat dick in and out of Val's mouth, Ron watched the bulge that came and went in her throat, and it spurred him on to grind his hips as hard as he could against hers, rotating and probing his hard cock around in the depths of her cunt.
Unable to utter much sound with a fat cock filling her throat, when Val grabbed fistfuls of sheet with both hands, Ron knew she was on the verge of cumming.
"Do it, baby!" he said to her in a near snarl. "Make your fucking slut-wife cunt gush your hot cum all over my cock! Cum for us, baby! Cum while you're getting spit-roasted just like you wanted!"
With a couple of final fucks deep into Val's throat, Reggie pulled his cock out to breathing depth, and then surprised both Ron and Val when he leaned over and pressed his mouth over Val's cock-filled cunt.
As Reggie sucked and licked Val's soaking wet pussy lips, Ron felt Reggie's lips and tongue against his hard cock, and it made him stop fucking and begin to withdraw to give Reggie more room.
But Reggie put his hand on Ron's ass, pulled him back forward, and said, just a fraction of an inch off of Val's pussy, "Keep fucking her, man! Fuck your beautiful wife's cunt while I suck on it! Let's make her cum like never before!"
It was only then that Ron recalled the line in Reggie's on-line profile that said he was bisexual.
Ron plunged his hard cock back into his wife's juicy pussy, now feeling Reggie's lips and tongue as well as the wet clutching folds of his wife's cunt stimulating the build-up of cum in his balls.
Fucking Val's cunt hard and fast, he accidentally slipped all the way out, and before he could line up to push his cock back into his wife's near-ready pussy, Reggie intercepted it, and sucked it into his mouth.
With his hand on Ron's ass, Reggie pulled him inward, getting Ron to fuck his mouth for a few strokes as he swirled his tongue around the cunt-flavored cock. Then using his lips, Reggie guided Ron's hard dick back into Val's cunt hole.
With Reggie fucking Val's mouth with shallow thrusts, Ron pounding his cock deeper and harder into her cunt than she ever felt him, and Reggie sucking on her pussy lips and grinding his coarse tongue over her clit, Val's body stiffened, her cunt clamped tightly around her husband's cock, and a wave of cunt juice erupted from deep inside her, soaking Reggie's face, drenching Ron's cock and balls, and running like a small river down her ass.
With a mouthful of fat black cock, Val just kept moaning, "Mmm, mmm, mmm!" to indicate she wanted them to keep fucking her as seemingly every muscle in her body contracted time after time to force an unending supply of hot cum from the depths of her cunt.
Ron and Reggie eagerly kept fucking and sucking the gushing cunt until, finally, the post-orgasm sensitivity of Val's pussy became too much, and she had to push both of them off of her.
"Holy fucking hell!" she said breathlessly after Reggie's dick left her mouth. "I didn't know I could cum that hard! Or that much!"
She let her legs flop down onto the bed on either side of her husband, and said, "That was fucking incredible! I always wondered what it would feel like to get my pussy fucked and eaten at the same time. It was fucking awesome!"
She looked at Ron, and said, "How did it feel to get your cock licked while you were fucking me?"
He wasn't aware that she had even noticed that, but he said, "Yeah. That was pretty cool, I guess. It was sure different. I liked it."
"Did you like it when he sucked on your cock?" she asked him.
"Um, yeah, I guess," he answered, again unaware that she knew it had happened.
"That is so hot!" she said as she began to get up to a sitting position. "I want to watch it close-up. I want to watch your hard cock get sucked by another guy! I want to watch you fuck his mouth, and see your hot cum squirt all over that big fucking tongue!"
"That really turns you on, huh?" Ron said, having never heard that from her before.
"I never knew it would, but seeing it just now lit my fire like a fucking blowtorch!" she answered. "Will you do it for me, baby? Will you let him suck your stiff cock while I watch?"
Reggie looked at Ron, and said with a shrug, "Like you said, man; 'You heard the lady.'"
Ron stood up on the bed, and Reggie leaned forward, extended his snake-like tongue, and began swirling it all over Ron's rigid cock. He took the head of his dick into his mouth, and extended his tongue half way to his balls! Ron leaned his head back, closed his eyes, and moaned as Reggie sucked and licked at the same time.
"Fuck him!" Val commanded. "Fuck his mouth and shove your hard cock right down his throat! Squish your big fat cum-filled balls against his chin!"
Ron put one hand on the back of Reggie's head, and began to fuck his face. Reggie left his tongue extended, and Ron felt it washing over his balls with each thrust.
Then Reggie retracted his tongue, gripped Ron's ass with both of his big hands, and began pulling him hard and fast, driving his stiff cock all the down his throat.
If Ron's blood hadn't been fifty-percent testosterone, and if his balls weren't full of cum aching to get out, and if Val hadn't encouraged it and been right there watching with a wide smile, he would probably never have even thought about fucking another guy's mouth. But at that time and place, it wasallhe wanted to do!
Ron put both hands on Reggie's head, and began rocking his hips, slamming his hard cock into his mouth as hard and fast as he could. He rocked four or five quick thrusts into the back of his mouth, and then pushed a few deep drives down his throat, squashing and grinding his balls against his chin at the depth of each one.
"Oh, God, yeah!" Val said with a giant smile. "That is so fucking hot! Suck his cock Reggie! Suck on my husband's hard fucking cock while he fucks you in the mouth! Suck the cum right out of his fat balls!"
She then reached out and gave Ron a stinging slap across one of his ass cheeks.
"Ahh!" he yelped in surprise, but the sting felt like it shot right up through his cock, and it brought him a leap closer to blowing his load.
Knowing what a good ass-slap felt like when she was getting ready to cum, Val read her husband's positive body language, and gave him another hard smack in the same spot.
This time Ron growled and hammered his cock—which felt ready to explode from the paradoxical pain/pleasure—harder and faster into Reggie's mouth.
With another slap and growl, Val said, "Suck it Reggie! Suck my hubby's stiff fucking cock! He's getting read to fill your mouth with his hot cum!"
"Oh, God, yeah!" Ron groaned, and pulled his spit-wet cock from Reggie's mouth, and started to jerk it off.
With Reggie's mouth wide open, and his big tongue hanging out, Ron hammered his aching cock hard and fast.
"Do it, baby!" Val encouraged, just inches from her husband's flying fist. "Jerking it off! Pound your hard fucking cock, and jerk your hot cum right into his mouth!"
Suddenly, Ron stopped his feverish stroking, held his cock aimed into Reggie's mouth, and let out a deep, guttural, groan as a jet-like spurt of cum shot from the end of his dick straight to the back of Reggie's mouth.
The first shot was followed by a slightly less powerful second burst, and after the third pulse of cum left his cock, Ron began jerking off again, to drain his balls.
Hand-pumping the cum from his cock, Ron added several more squirts of jism to the pool in Reggie's mouth before he finally let out a deep breath and a low, "Fuck yeah!" that indicated he was finished.
Reggie swirled his tongue over Ron's cock head, closed his lips over it, and gave it one last, long suck.
As soon as Ron pulled his sensitized cock head from Reggie's mouth, Val took its place, covering Reggie's mouth with her own, and pushing her tongue between his lips.
With his dick drooping only slightly, Ron watched his wife kissing Reggie, and obviously swapping his fresh cum with him. After a short while, she broke from Reggie, pulled her husband down to where she could reach his mouth, and clamped her mouth over his.
Their lips parted and their tongues danced, and Ron could taste the last bits of his own cum in his wife's mouth.
When they parted, Ron stepped off the bed, and looked down at his smiling wife sitting cross-legged with her wet pussy fully exposed, and at Reggie kneeling with his enormous black erection sticking straight out.
He leaned over, kissed his wife, and then said, "You ready for the main event, baby? You ready to have that BBC you've been dreaming about split your pussy open? You want to get your little white cunt stretched by a big black cock, just like Betty?"
She answered by flopping onto her back, lifting her legs up into a wide V, and with a big smile said, "Feed him into me, baby! Stick that big black fucking cock into your slut-wife's hungry cunt! I want to feel that fat cock tearing me open!"
Reggie maneuvered himself nearer Val's waiting pussy, and Ron reached down and took the big black dick in both hands. He pumped its length a few times, getting a big drop of clear precum to ooze from the end, and then he began to rub the shiny cock-head across his wife's wet pussy lips.
Val cooed contentedly, as much at the stimulation of the cock rubbing over her yearning pussy as the fact that she was watching her husband holding and guiding the fat cock.
She couldn't have explained why that turned her on so much if her life depended on it, but it sure did!
As if using a big flesh-and-blood dildo, Ron teased his wife's cunt by getting Reggie to rock forward so the whole length of his dick slid across her wet pussy lips. He pushed down on it as it glided over her soft folds, making sure that she could feel its veined texture rippling over her clit.
After making a couple of long, slow "dry humps" Ron took hold of Reggie's dick, just behind its fat head, and began to squish it into his wife's slippery pussy lips.
The folds of soft, wet flesh parted easily at first, but as the big black knob began to disappear into Val's tight little cunt hole, Ron found that he had to use more and more pressure to keep it going. He kept expecting Val to tell him to stop; that it hurt too much. But she didn't, and he kept pushing.
With his face only inches from his wife's pussy, he watched in fascination as the soft pink folds stretched taught to what he would have figured was their limit, but then kept on stretching to accommodate the fat black cock that he was shoving into it.
Finally, the head disappeared from view, and Val's stretched pussy lips closed tightly around the ridge of the knob as if locking it in place.
As the head popped inside of Val's tight cunt, Reggie let out an "Ahh!" and Val moaned a long, "Mmmm!"
"You okay, baby?" Ron asked, looking up at her face as she craned her neck to see the big black cock that was stretching her pussy.
"Oh, yeah!" she said. "It hurts so fucking good!"
"You ready for more of your fantasy BBC to get shoved up your little white cunt?" Ron asked her.
"Lick it, baby!" she replied. "Lick my pussy and suck on my hot fucking clit! Suck on your slut-wife's cunt while he fucks it with that big black cock!"
Ron leaned down and clamped his mouth over Val's clit—right next to the big black cock that was stretching it almost impossibly wide. As he sucked and flicked his tongue over his wife's clit—which seemed to be bulging out more than ever before—she entwined her fingers through his hair, pushed him harder against her pussy, and said, "Oh my fucking God, baby! I love you so much! Lap my slut-wife cunt while he fucks me, baby! God, I love you!"
As Ron sucked and ground his tongue over Val's clit, Reggie leaned forward, and began pressing more of his stiff cock into her tight pussy.
As her cunt hole stretched farther yet to accommodate the fattest part of his giant cock, Val let out a long, squeal, and pushed her husband's face even harder against her pussy.
As Reggie pushed his hips forward, shoving more and more of his long cock into the depths of Val's cunt, Val had her husband's face pressed against her pussy in such a way that he was feeling the hot shaft of cock slide across his cheek before it made its way into his wife's cunt hole.
Ron was quite sure that his wife knew exactly what she was doing, and where it was going to lead. But his love for her, his unquestioning willingness to give her the best birthday present ever, plus the burning, uninhibited arousal that had already rebuild in every corner of his body meant that he would go along with whatever she wanted.
When Reggie sensed that his cock had penetrated Val's cunt as far as it would go—which was four or five inches short of its whole length—he began to slowly withdraw.
Even while sucking on Val's pussy, Ron managed to turn his head to be able to watch as the tight lips of his wife's cunt went from rolling inward to stretched outward, as if trying to hold the big black cock that she'd fantasized about for so long, inside of her.
As the head of Reggie's fat cock emerged from Val's cunt, she pushed her husband's head toward it, and said, "Suck it, baby! Suck my hot fucking cunt juice off of his cock! Suck his black fucking cock!"
It was precisely what he had expected, and he had already made up his mind that he would do it for her.
He lifted Reggie's cock up to where Val could easily watch, and then lowered his mouth to it.
Giving her the show that he knew she wanted, he stuck out his tongue, and lapped all over the shiny head, even poking the tip into the little pee hole. He then opened wide, and took the whole head into his mouth, closing his lips around its ridge, and swirling his tongue some more.
With the fat cock head imbedded in his mouth, Ron looked over at his wife, and saw her smiling from ear to ear.
"Suck it, baby!" she growled in command. "Suck my cunt juice off his fat cock!"
Ron pushed farther over the big cock until it reached the back of his throat, and then began bobbing along it's length, letting it all the way out, and then letting it part his lips and penetrate to the back of his throat, again. About four inches was all he could get fit into his mouth, but that was apparently fine with Val.
Staring, she let out a laugh, and said, "Oh my fucking God! That is so hot! God, baby, I love you! You are the sexiest fucking man alive!"
Ron bobbed back and forth a few more times, all the while watching the huge smile on his wife's face. He found it hard not to smile himself at her reaction to something he never imagined he'd be doing. And certainly not in front of her, and with herencouragement!
"Okay, baby!" she said, finally. "You have my cunt on fire! Put that big black cock back in my tight white cunt, and watch him fuck the shit out of your slut-wife!"
Ron stroked the length of Reggie's cock a couple of times, squeezing as he came forward, to milk the precum from the end. He swirled the thick, clear liquid over the head with his fingers, and then he lined the fat knob up on his wife's cunt hole.
He pressed the big cock head into her pussy, and once again, watched in fascination as her soft pink lips stretched to accommodate its girth. Then with one hand guiding Reggie's massive cock, he put the other on his ass, and pushed him forward.
Ron looked up at his wife's face as Reggie drove his giant black cock deep into her guts in one hard shove.
She threw her head back, sucked in her breath, and screwed her eyes tightly closed. Then as she reached up, grabbed and crushed her tits with her hands, she growled out, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
Reggie dutifully began to rock his hips and fuck his long stiff cock rapidly in and out of her stretched pussy.
As Reggie drove deep and fast into cunt, Val freed one tit, reached up and grabbed her husband's head, and pulled him down to the tit she was still squeezing. "Suck it, baby! Suck on my hard goddamned nipples while he pounds that big black fucking cock up my cunt! Oh, my fucking God!"
Ron clamped his mouth over his wife's tit, and began sucking as hard as he could. He then closed his teeth gently over the stiff nub, and pulled on it.
"Oh, my fucking God!" she repeated, and then pushed his head to the other tit for equal time.
As Ron sucked and bit on Val's other nipple, Reggie leaned down and covered her recently vacated one withhismouth, while he continued to fuck her.
It was the first time that Val had ever had both tits getting mauled at the same time, and she took hold of them, and squeezed them as hard as she could while her two lovers sucked and bit her nipples.
Suddenly, she pushed both men away from her tits, and even pushed Reggie back so that his long dick slid from her cunt.
"You okay, baby? What's the matter?" Ron asked, thinking maybe he had gotten too aggressive with his love-bites on her tit.
"I want to get DP'd!" she said as she turned and got up on her knees.
In what almost looked like a judo throw, she flipped Reggie onto his back. Then, using two hands, she stroked the big black erection that was standing nearly straight up, and plunged her mouth over its shiny head, tasting her own pussy juice.
Releasing it from her mouth, she pulled her husband over, and guided his mouth to the fat knob. She pushed his head down over the hard cock, until his body flinched when the cock head mashed into the back of his throat and triggered his gag reflex.
She pulled his head back off the cock, kissed him hard, and then said, "God, baby! You make me so fucking hot!"
She then pushed Ron around until he was at the head of the bed and facing her. She got him kneeling with Reggie's head between his legs, and with his hard cock just inches from Reggie's face.
"You too," she said to Reggie as she held his dick up against her belly and almost up to her tits. As she ran her hands up and down its length, she added, "I want to watch you suck cock, too. Open up and take my hubby's stiff dick right down your throat!"
Reggie tilted his head back and opened his mouth, and had it quickly filled with cock.
As Reggie closed his lips around the stiff dick, and began to suck, Ron began rocking his hips, and fucking his mouth fast and hard, mashing his balls into his face with each deep stroke.
Using both hands, Val continued jerking off Reggie's big cock as she watched the insanely hot bisexual show that her two lovers were putting on for her. Finally, she planted a big kiss on Reggie's cock head, stood up, and with a foot on either side of him, guided the massive dick to her pussy as she began to squat.
As soon as his fat knob was swallowed by Val's still-tight cunt, Reggie pushed Ron back, and said, "Sorry man, but I want to watch this, too."
As Ron gently stroked his spit-wet cock, both men watched as Val slowly lowered herself down on the giant black shaft.
Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung open as she impaled herself on the big cock. Down and down she went swallowing the BBC with her tiny white cunt. When she finally stopped her slow-but-steady progression, Ron thought that she had reached her limit, but he soon saw that she was just repositioning her legs.
With the big dick stuffed deep in her cunt, she managed to switch from squatting on her feet to a kneeling position that had her lying on Reggie's chest.
With her eyes still closed, and obviously enjoying the feeling of being stuffed nearly full of big black cock, she pushed backward, taking even more of the monster up her cunt.
Ron got off the bed, grabbed his phone, and began taking a close-up video of his wife's stretched pussy as it slowly devoured her fantasy BBC.
With only four or five inches of the big black cock left exposed, Ron filmed as Val stopped trying to taking more in, and began to slowly gyrate her hips in a circular motion.
He filmed her wonderfully round ass as it rotated and twerked around Reggie's massive dick.
To his surprise, as she gyrated, she was also engulfing more and more of Reggie's big cock with her stretched cunt. Little by little, with each twist of her hips, her ass was getting closer to Reggie's big balls.
Finally, as Ron kept the camera zoomed in and filming, he said, "Oh, my God, baby! You did it! You've got every inch of that fat black cock stuffed up your cunt! Wow! How does it feel?"
"Fucking awesome!" she said. "I feel cock inside of me in places I didn't knowwereplaces!"
Then, as the camera rolled, she began to inch herself forward, off of the BBC that stuffed her full. Even though Ron knew how long Reggie's dick was it still seemed to keep sliding out forever!
Finally, the fat head popped out, and Val collapsed on Reggie's chest.
"God! That felt good! I'd have sworn that cock was ten feet long! It just kept sliding and sliding out through my cunt!" She turned back to Ron, and said, "Put him in me, again. I want to do that one more time before the two of you start double-fucking me!"
Ron ran both of his hands up and down the slick black cock, and then guided its head to Val's bright pink pussy lips that were still showing signs of having been stretched to their limits.
The soft round head entered Val's cunt hole easily, this time, and as soon as she felt it pop inside of her, she began pressing back against it.
Swiveling her hips in tiny gyrations, she continued her backward motion, engulfing Reggie's black monster in one long, slow motion, until she, once again, had her ass cheeks pressed against his balls.
As he filmed, Ron watched his wife rotating her hips with Reggie's massive black cock stuffed all the way inside of her, and wondering what it must feel like twisting up there like a giant snake.
After thirty seconds or so of gyrating, Val began her slow extraction, again, and moaned the entire time Reggie's fat cock pulled her pussy lips inside-out.
This time, she stopped before the big head popped out, and she said to Ron, "Okay, baby, spit on my asshole, and shove your stiff dick into my guts! I want to feel two hard cocks filling my slut-wife holes! Double-fuck me with those big cocks!"
Ron leaned down, an inch from where Reggie's fat black cock was stretching his wife's cunt, and began to lick her tiny little asshole. He pushed his tongue as deep into the tight sphincter as he could, and when he lifted his face, he left behind a big pool of spit that reached deep inside her little pucker.
He got onto his feet, jerked his cock to get a few drops of precum to ooze out, and then crouched down to line up on her little rosebud. He rubbed the head of his cock against the tiny hole, trying get his wife ready, but she had other ideas.
"Shove it in me, baby!" she commanded. "Shove your hard cock up my asshole until I can feel your balls slap my ass! Fuck me, baby! Fuck your slut-wife up the ass!"
He did as he was told, and without even having his cock-head inside to spread her open, he leaned forward, and pierced his wife's tiny asshole, driving all the way in, until his hips were hard against her round ass.
She let out a long "Arrgh!" as her sphincter quickly stretched to accommodate the invasion, but when she felt him press against her ass cheeks, she growled, "God, baby! Yes! It feels so good to have your hard fucking cock stretch my little asshole wide open!" After a few pants to catch her breath, she said, "Okay, now both of you fuck me at once! Fill me with those beautiful, hard fucking cocks! Fuck both of my slut-wife holes!"
Reggie began lifting his hips off the bed, and driving his fat cock in and out of her stretched cunt as fast as he could. In his position he was limited to only getting six or eight inches into her, but she seemed to be fine with that.
Squatting on his feet above Reggie, and above his wife's naked round ass, Ron was able to dive every inch of his hard cock up Val's asshole, and he fucked her harder and faster than he had ever pounded her ass before.
The ultimate tightness of his wife's little asshole, gripping and milking his cock, felt glorious, but the addition of Reggie's fat BBC, sliding against the underside of his dick, separated by only a few layers of stretched flesh, added a new and awesome feeling! Ron could feel another orgasm building, and if he had not just recently had one, he was sure that his balls would be pumping their load of sperm deep into his wife's guts, already.
As the two men double-fucked Val's holes, she moaned her pleasure and approval. After a while she recognized her husband's sounds and rhythm of fucking, and knew he was getting ready to cum.
"Cum on my asshole, baby!" she commanded him. "Pump your hot fucking cum all over my tight little asshole! I want Reggie to use your cum as lube when he sticks that big fucking black cock all the way up my ass!"
Val's filthy talk and the thought of Reggie shoving his BBC up his wife's tiny asshole sent Ron over the edge, and his cock began to throb as it pumped his cum into Val's tight tunnel.
The first squirt went inside her, but then he pulled out and jerked off feverishly, depositing two or three long squirts all over and around the tiny brown pucker.
While Ron was jerking off onto his wife's asshole, Reggie slid his stiff cock out of Val's cunt, and worked his way out from under her.
As Ron finished rubbing his thick jism all over his wife's ass, Reggie got up on his knees behind her, and stroked his long dick in anticipation. Not many women wanted to try to take his cock up their ass.
Looking back over her shoulder, Val said to Ron, "Get him wet! Get him wet with your mouth! Suck his dick and then stick it in my ass!"
Ron took the big cock in both hands, and as he pumped it, he took its big pussy-wet head in his mouth, and swirled his tongue around it, leaving as much saliva behind as he could. He then guided the fat, glistening head to his wife's impossibly small asshole.
As Ron rubbed the cock head through his cum, and pressed it up against the little sphincter, he said, "Are you sure, baby?"
"Yes! I want to be a three-way big black cock slut-wife! I want to feel that whole fucking cock up my little white ass!"
"Okay, baby," Ron said. "But just say stop if it's too much."
With that, Ron pressed the fat head of Reggie's cock into his wife's asshole.
As it began to stretch, she let out a pleasurable moan, but it soon turned to a high squeal of pain as the tissue stretched farther than it ever had before.
Reggie stopped pushing, and Ron lifted the cock head from Val's asshole.
After a couple of breaths, Val said, "Do it again. But just poke the tip in and out 'til I get used to the stretch."
With Ron guiding and Reggie pushing, they nudged the tip in and out again and again, each time going just a fraction deeper.
Val responded by gritting her teeth, and grunting with each new push.
Finally, the head popped in, and was snared by the taught ring of muscle.
"The head's in, baby!" Ron said. "How's it feel?"
"Like I'm being ass-fucked with a baseball bat!" she answered.
"So, is that good or bad?" he asked.
She laughed, and said, "Good! I love feeling so fucking stretched!"
"You want to pop the head in and out a few times?" Ron said.
"Yeah," she answered. "You're filming this, right?"
"Every second!" he replied.
After Ron and Reggie fucked the big cock head in and out of Val's ass half a dozen times, she said, "Okay, I'm ready for more! Push that monster up my asshole, and don't stop! I want to feel your fat black balls slapping my cunt!"
As Reggie leaned in, and the fattest part of his dick spread her even farther, she let out a long squealing, "OH—MY—GOD!"
Reggie stopped pushing, but she said, "No! No! Don't stop! Keep going! Fuck that big black cock all the way up my ass!"
Slowly, he rocked forward, eliciting a few more squeals and groans, but he eventually had his hips pressed hard against her ass cheeks.
Ron reached between Reggie's legs, and mashed his big balls into Val's pussy, as he said, "There's his balls against your cunt, baby! He's all the way in! Are you still okay?"
"God, I feel so stuffed!" she moaned into the pillow. "And my asshole feels like it's on fire! But oh man, it feels good! Fuck me, now. Go slow, but take it all the way out, and shove it all the way back in!"
As Ron filmed, Reggie slowly withdrew the long black monster, until the head appeared, and popped out. He zoomed in on Val's asshole, now stretched open to about the size of Ron's own dick. He zoomed back out, and recorded as Reggie lined up, again, and in one long slow push shoved every inch of his hard black cock up his wife's ass.
Val let out an extended, "Ooooh!" the entire time she was being re-fucked by the giant dick, only catching her breath when his balls, once again touched her cunt lips.
"Okay," she said. "Now fuck me! Fuck my tight white asshole with your big black cock! Fuck me like a slut-fucking-wife!"
As he began sliding his big cock in and out in strokes that became faster and faster, Reggie said, "Goddamn, Valerie! That is the tightest hole I think I've ever fucked! You're about to make me cum, lady!"
"Pull it out before you do!" she told him. "I want your cum in my face!"
After several more strokes up her tight ass, Reggie said, "Okay, Valerie! Here it comes!"
He pulled his dick out of her ass, and as she flipped over, he began jerking off using both hands.
Val squirmed down between his legs to get her face closer to the bobbing head, and as she did, she reached up and grabbed Ron.
She pulled his face down to hers, and said "Help me with this! Take his cum with me, baby!"
Ron barely had enough time to get the phone out to where he could get the cum-shot selfie, when Reggie's big cock head shot its first long this stream of jism right into both of their touching faces.
As Ron and Val held their cheeks together and opened their mouths, Reggie pumped rope after thick rope of hot cum all over their faces.
When he was finally spent, he leaned forward, and let the two tongues and mouths clean his cock head. They then began cleaning each other's faces, and swapping the cum they collected.
***
In the car on the drive home the next day, Ron said, "How do you feel, baby? Is your butt okay?"
"Still a bit sore," she answered, "but it was worth it!" She leaned over and kissed him, and added, "I love you so much, baby! Thank you, thank you, thank you, for letting me have my fantasy! And for giving me the fantasy I never even told you about!"
"You mean sucking his dick?" he said.
"And eating his cum with me," she answered. "I never would have guessed how hot that would be to watch in real life, not just imagine! Are you okay with it?"
"Yeah, I guess I am," he said. "I always wondered why you seemed to like to suck my cock so much; now I know."
"Would you do it again?"
"Maybe with someone a little closer to my own size," he said. "I think having my mouth forced open that far took some of the fun out of it."
"Well, how about if foryourbirthday, we line up a bisexual couple?" she said. "Reggie says he can recommend someone."
He reached over, and rubbed his hand along her leg, and said, "I think we may have to think of more holidays to celebrate!"
End
Please take a moment to vote and to write a comment. Feel free to suggest a favorite fantasy storyline you might like me to write about. You can also write to me, directly, through Literotica by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab, below.
Thanks!
Love,
Casey