I had originally intended this series to be called "Slut With No Name" but it felt awkward. Recently I learned a new term borrowed from French:tout courtwhich means something like "simply that, nothing more."
・Slut With No Name・was conceived to be a series of independent stories from the point of view of the eponymous character. There's no plot. No character arc. There's not even a physical description of her. Imagine her as you will・except for the green eyes.
All there is is one wild and wacky sex scene.
This one features exhibitionist interracial fellatio. As I have other crazy ideas I may write them up in this format. Depending, of course, on how much y'all enjoy this episode.
Simply that, nothing more.
Enjoy
~~~*~~~
I was adjusting the mirrors we had brought as a discrete knock came to the hotel room door. Hubs went to the suite's door and let in the last of our guests. My best friend and love of my life went through his, by now, well practiced routine: Handing the hefty young man a name tag, a bubble-pack mailer and a Sharpie, Hubs instructed that cellphones are to be placed in airplane mode in the envelope which is to be labeled with the guest's name. From there it would join the pile of others on the table next to Bluetooth speaker playing soft jazz.
The name tag was to personalize them to the star of the show―that would be me.
Look, we're not stupid, Hubs and I. We may indulge in high risk wacky sexual adventures, but we do it with forethought and care. We do not record anything and neither do we allow anyone else. Our guests are all carefully vetted for trustworthiness as well. We are also very careful about body fluids, of course. I mean it's fun to imagine spontaneous consequence free debauchery but Hubs and I live in the real world, not in some sex fantasy story website where jism can fly about like water at a volunteer firefighting competition and no harm done.
But tonight, for the guests sitting around the lounge area of our suite, that wouldn't be an issue. Tonight they are just the audience for fulfilling one of my biggest exhibitionist fantasies.
Speaking of bodily fluids....
"Hi everyone, thank you for coming," I said standing on the sturdy coffee table. Picture me, your friendly neighborhood green eyed MILF standing naked on a pedestal controlling a room full of fully clothed men. I could feel that sweet crinkly feeling in my nipples, not to mention a warming lower down. "Please take your seats. If your seat doesn't have a towel, please take one from the stack. We brought plenty."
Hubs then reviewed the evening's rules: No touching unless touched. Then only lightly, no groping. Keep commentary on the polite and positive side. Masturbation is not only permitted but encouraged―just be careful when ejaculating. My man made eye contact with each one and got verbal confirmation of each in turn.
Let me tell you a secret about being a hotwife: hand your man the challenge of setting things up and he will go at it like the world's most eager beaver.
It also makes a successful event HIS success as much as yours. Something you can share in the afterglow.
"Okay then!" I hopped off the table. "I'll be right back!"
I went to the suite's bedroom and got George. Let me tell you about him. Imagine a biblical patriarch as painted by a Renaissance master if said artist had available an ebony skinned model with a prodigious endowment. George is fifties-something and nearly bald, what's left of his hair being a dignified ring of silver hair. That endowment I spoke of dangled half way to his knees.
"Ready baby?" I asked.
"Yessss..." George has one of those deep voices that makes your ovaries vibrate. His brown eyes gleamed at me under sleepy lids as he stepped towards me. I met him halfway and gave him a hug and soulful kiss. His hands went naturally to cup my bottom, long fingers finding the crease, and my tongue went naturally to explore his luscious lips. His cock twitched against my belly, the head finding my bellybutton like an inquisitive puppy.
I grasped that puppy firmly. "Woo..." Kiss... "I want to make you hard in front of them." Kiss.
"We better hurry then-n-n...." The verbal fry at the end there getting me even hotter, if that's possible.
Not letting go, we went back to the lounge. We circled the room withershins making polite introductions to each of our guests:
"Hi..." Reading name tag... "Bill, this is George. I'm so happy to finally put a face on all those witty emails. Glad you could make it!" George offered his hand and Bill nervously shook it, his medium sized paw being engulfed by my lover's massive one. I had Bill pegged right, he was a lion on the keyboard but a mouse in real life. I leaned over and patted his cheek with my free hand. "Relax, it's all good. We'll talk later, 'kay?"
"Um... yeah... sure..." Bill managed.
And that's how it went with the other five: James, Paul, "Other George," Ho (He said it means "tiger" in Korean), and Grayson. All these guys were socially awkward introverts who managed to project significant charm across the inter-tubes. As a raging introvert myself I had a good deal of empathy for them―especially after Hubs explained how bleak it was for "ordinary guys" on dating sites these days.
But you want me to get to the good stuff. Lets.
Big chain hotels aren't stupid. They don't buy flimsy furniture. The coffee table in lounge area of our suite could serve as the plinth for Michelangelo's David. So that's what we did. George climbed up on it and stood there in all his manly glory. I rested one knee on the table as well and spread my legs so that my face was at the perfect height. I nudged George's thigh so his ass was towards the bedroom door insuring everyone had a good view of his cock. Ho might be blocked by my head, so I hunched down low and came at that beautiful black dick from below, first kissing his left ball then running my lips along the underside of the shaft towards the head.
"I love the taste of your cock," I said. "So sweet..." I tonged under the head and then locked my lips around it. I gave his pee hole a tease with the tip of my tongue. George groaned. My lips released him. "And salty."
I looked at myself in one of the mirrors. I looked so hot if I do say so myself. Behind me I could see Ho rubbing his crotch through his jeans. I made eye contact with and kissed the big purple head in front of me. Ho's eyes went wide and he guiltily withdrew his hand.
I stroked George's shaft and said with mock anger to the room "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?"
Shocked silence.
"All of you―pants off! Cocks out! I shall not proceed until six more dicks see the light of day."
The room was filled with the rustle of their scramble to comply. I continued stroking, smiling upwards at my partner. George rolled his eyes. He put his big hand on the back of my head and tried to nudge me back onto his cock but I resisted. "C'mon babe, they're doing what you―"
I shook my head and looked at Hubs who was watching the chaos. When six bare bottoms where back in their seats, he gave me a thumbs up. I grinned up a George as I recaptured the head of his cock in my mouth.
There's a time for playing to the gallery and a time to just get into your head giving head space and enjoy yourself. I sucked George's cock and played with it, savoring the taste but also the feel of its amazing structure under my probing lips and tongue. No dildo, even if modeled from real life, could ever match its wonderful complexity. The layers of flesh with velvety skin yielding to underlying blood engorged firmness. I don't like to think of a cocks as rock or steel hard. I like to think of them more like a tough but flexible wood that you would use to carve a bow. Yew perhaps, or elm or Osage orange. Cocks are amazing.
Keep in mind I while I'm pondering all this my lips are dragging up and down on his shaft and my mouth is releasing copious saliva wetting him down to a gorgeous sheen and contributing to the glorious slurping noises I was making. I particularly paid attention to the head, reaching out with my mobile lips and dragging them back down over it. Or lapping at the underside with my tongue. I even raked the velvety softness oh so carefully with my teeth. All the while looking up at George with smiling eyes.
"Oh baby that feels so good," George encouraged. "Such a good cock sucking slut you are."
"Thank you." It wasn't the first time he had said so but it always thrilled me.
I lifted up his shaft and went for his balls, taking each one into my mouth in turn, giving them attention with my tongue as I reveled in the musky humid smell. I also checked myself out in the mirrors, loving the juxtaposition of a massive black cock across my face.
The motion of my audience fapping away caught my eye. As much as I could I made eye contact with each one, either directly or mostly through a mirror so I could smile and wink and make a funny face.
One of them looked like he was going to blow his load way too early. I popped a nut out of my mouth. "Hey Grayson, whatya think? Am I doing a good job?"
"Um... yeah... great." His voice was a squeaky gasp.
"Don't nut too soon sweety," I said. "Give yourself a good hard squeeze.... That's a good boy."
He smiled back at me weakly. These guys were likr a litter of golden retriever puppies.
I took the long way back to the head of George's cock, pulling the shaft into a downward angle so my tongue could trace the big artery running down the topside. Once there I engulfed it and went back into that state where there was just my mouth and his cock.
After a minute or so a new idea struck me. I pushed his spongy mushroom up against the roof of my mouth and rocked my head forward scraping back towards the entrance of my throat.
"Woo girl, what you doing?"
I didn't answer. I had tried to throat him before but always gagged. Maybe this way....
No luck. I coughed him up out of my mouth. "Ugh... s-sorry."
It was the first negative emotion I had felt all evening―failure! "So sorry."
"You can do it," George said. "You gotta get back on the horse."
"Hey guys," Hubs chimed in. "She needs some encouragement."
"Yeah baby, you can do it," the Other George said.
"You're the sexiest cock sucker in the solar system," James said.
"Fuck man, the whole Orion Arm," Bill chimed in.
Nerds...
George's big hand went to the back of my head and pushed me gently forward. I opened my mouth and took in maybe a third of the shaft then stopped. I closed my eyes and concentrated on breathing. In... out. In... out. In... out. I pushed forwards trying to evoke my swallowing mechanism as he bumped up against the opening of my throat. Instead I felt my self starting to gag again. But as this was happening George firmly shoved and his cock head popped through.
"Ahhh... it's in!"
"Gluck" I said. I put my hands on George's thighs and almost, just almost pushed myself off him in panic. Instead I pulled myself forward.
"Balls deep?" someone asked. It was obviously not more than third in so I guess it was a request.
"Yeah, balls deep," someone else, Paul? Said.
This started up a quite chant of encouragement.
"Balls deep." As another inch slid in.
"Balls deep." A little more...
"Balls deep." Still more. My eyes were tight shut and tears were making my mascara run. I felt a wetness on my tits and realized I was drooling. I pushed on.
I had to breath. The feeling of his cock sliding back out of my throat was... interesting. To a chorus of "awws" I coughed a few times and filled my lungs with new air. Without giving myself time to think I plunged back onto the prodigious pole. This time it went down easier, not much but some. I pushed without stopping and bumped something scratchy. I was down!
Well not quite. A big hand shoved me that last centimeter or so, mashing my nose flat in George's stubble and slapping his balls against my chin.
"Gentlemen," George said. "I am balls deep."
Cheers, whistling and foot stomping ensued. I slid off the cock to get more air and I swear I was actually blushing.
"Achievement unlocked!" I said.
More cheers. Someone even said "you go girl!"
I was the proudest slut in the Orion Arm.
George looked down at me expectantly and said "It ain't gonna suck itself darlin."
"Fuck my face George," I countered. "Fuck my face!"
I didn't have to say it a third time. He grabbed my hair and plunged into me, going all the way down.
A new chant started up: "Fuck her face." But it was ragged as some of the gallery were busy ejaculating. Vaguely I heard Hubs remind our guests to use their towels.
But all that didn't matter. There was a ginormous black cock pistoning into my throat. I was focused on that one hundred percent, marveling at the reality of it and enjoying, yes enjoying, the feels of the way if felt pushing in and the very different way it felt pulling out. What can I say?
What I could say was "gluck... gluck... gluck" just like in the porn movies I watched. But it was me. I was the star. I felt myself smiling around George's face fucking cock. I guess that relaxing play of the my facial muscles made things easier because the sliding action became much smoother. Then George pulled me off of his shaft.
"You ready for the money shot baby?" he asked. "Where you want it? Deep? In your mouth? On your tits?"
"Yes" I said. "You got enough in your balls to fill me up and paint my face?"
"More than enough," he growled back.
And wham he was back in deep, not all the way but close. He fucked my face with slow powerful trusts just like he had my pussy on prior occasions. Like I hoped he would later after the show. He was starting to go bestial.
"Ugh... ugh... ugh..." from him.
"Gluck... gluck... gluck" from me.
He was close. I could feel him swelling in my mouth. Just how close was the question.
That close.
George slammed into me and came. A giant spurt went straight down my throat. As other spurts of his jiz came, he pulled out, leaving a thick trail in my mouth then across my lips and down my chin. It took a bit of doing to swallow all that sweet cock cream. But I did and asked for more opening my mouth wide so he could shoot the diminishing aftershocks in there. Then I started licking his shaft clean.
I became aware of clapping.
When George was clean enough to my satisfaction I stood and took wide armed theatrical bows to my audience, the final one to Hubs.
Then I sat on the edge of my tiny stage. George knelt behind me and hugged me from behind.
"Well that was fun," I said.
George chuckled and rested his chin on the top of my head. Hubs grinned made a pushing motion with his hands.
George laughed harder and pushed me forward. I slid off the table to the carpet, spreading my heals wide on the carpet. George sat where I had been and I leaned back between his legs, arms on his thighs. His softening member came to rest on my shoulder leaking a nice track of cum above my right breast. I was sooo tempted to break our no recordings rule to beg Hubs for a picture. Oh well....
"I hope you all enjoyed that, I know I did." I said. I took the slick glistening cock in my hand and stroked it fondly. "Look... There's gonna be some negative feelings, envy, that sort of thing―"
"I have a big cock," George interrupted. "I didn't do anything to earn it, it's just the way it is. I just got lucky. Other ways in life I ain't been near lucky. You guys, you didn't have any choice about your own selves either, so I don't feel anyways superior to y'all. Probably I would envy you for something as much as you might be envying me...."
Perhaps I should mention George was a widower? Maybe sometime I'll tell you about getting him out of his shell.
I picked up where George trailed off. 添ou guys are here because I like you. Let me repeat that: I LIKE YOU!・
"Understood? There's dozens of guys I did NOT invite." I oh so casually rested my elbow on my knee and pointed down towards my exposed twat.
"And this was a test. We are on a path to see if my husband and I can trust you going forward. There's gonna be more shows and more. Lots more. Let that sink in guys. Regardless of the size of your package, you've got a shot here." I waggled my finger downwards.
"Or here" I pointed towards my lips.
"Or even back there" I pointed my thumb over my shoulder.
"But we aren't there yet guys, so don't think it's a sure thing. You could still blow your chances if you do something stupid like brag about what you saw tonight. Okay?"
I made eye contact with each in turn. I got nods, some timid, some eager, from each in return.
With that I let Hubs take over getting my aspiring harem out the door while I led George back into the bedroom. In a surprisingly short time Hubs joined us.
~~~*~~~
Okay, so there's a bit more than just a friendly blowjob that I promised, but then I was always a sneaky sombitch. The big question is should I write more like this? Regardless, thank you for reading my story.