"Yo, Chad! Who are we doing for our next episode, bro?"
"Okay, so, we're doing Jessie next, then the lesbian scene afterwards. Come on, dude, you know the script! We went through it about 500 times!" I said.
"Okay, relax, when is she getting here anyway?"
The door opened. I saw her. I couldn't believe it. It was like a part of my past had come back to me.
"Sierra?"
"Chad?"
My name is "Sweet" Chad Jones. I'm a director/writer in the adult entertainment business. I used to be a porn star. I am the mind behind the series called "Erotic Fantasies." Yes, I get paid to be around hot women, watch them have sex, and periodically take part in it myself. You might think that it's the best job in the world (which it is), but it took me a long time to get here.
It all started when I was a sophomore in high school. I was sixteen. I was an aspiring writer writing poems and short stories in class. One day after school, my needs took over and I masturbated to porn. After my climax, I wondered, should I write one? So, I did. It was easy to write because I was so damn horny. My parents found out later. They weren't happy. I even showed my works to people who went to school with me. They actually loved it. Guys liked it. Girls loved it. Girls that I wrote about loved it. This is where I knew I had a hit. Thanks to my horndog friend Tommy (who's currently my talent director) and myself, I kept writing more fantasies all the way through my high school years and college, until my big break came in the form of:
"Richard Johnson. Call me Dick."
I had about fifteen different stories on a flash drive when I met him. I met Dick in Vegas on Spring Break. I snuck off to a porn convention while my parents went gambling. What did you expect? I was curious. He was a big-time director in the business. I had no agendas whatsoever until I heard him say this on his phone in the middle of the convention center:
"Yeah? What do you mean, I have an ultimatum? I need time, damn it! Tell him I need time. If he wants my money, there will be time sacrificed." He hung up aggressively. "Asshole."
This is where I took a deep breath and said this as natural as I know how:
"I have an idea, sir. You're looking to legitimize the business, not demonize it, right? I've got it. I grew up a nerd who was wildly hormonal to say the least. I want to give my fellow nerds hope that they too can have sex with beautiful girls. They too can get laid. They can have that swagger and confidence to them. I want to show that this is not exploitation. Sex will always sell. It's beautification."
Dick looked up and down my scrawny body. He looked me in the eyes.
"I like you, kid. You have ambition. What's your name, kid?" Dick said.
"Chad. Chad Jones."
"Age?"
"Twenty-one. I'm in college."
"Okay, just wanted to make sure. But, in this business, kid, there are short careers. You got to earn your way up. I have a vacant spot in my new film with your name on it. Oh, and by the way, what's your idea titled?" Dick said.
"I don't really have a catchy one. 'Fantasies'?"
Dick chuckled and patted my back. "Good enough. Now you do know I have to see that cock of yours."
So, that started the story of how my career started. I jerked off and showed my erect seven-and-a-half inches to the director in private.
"Hmm. You got a meaty one, do you, kid?" he said, looking at it. I looked down at it, then looked at him. "We could make this work, kid."
In my young career, I was gaining experience. I was in scenes like anal, bondage, and so on. But I was never in a major scene. I didn't want to be until I was truly ready. That is until...
"Chad, this is your partner. Her name is Sierra. Sierra, this is Chad Jones, a young hung one I found in Vegas. This is your scene. Chad, I know you're nervous. But this is your chance to make a statement. I'll leave you two alone now," Dick said.
Sierra looked like one of those girls that had no business being here. She was gorgeous. She was a short, petite woman with beautiful brown eyes, small breasts, but her wide hips and curvaceous ass more than made up for it. We shook hands semi-awkwardly.
"This is awkward," I said.
"Nervous?" she said, with a sweet disposition. I nodded and checked if I was getting erect already.
"It's okay, it's okay," she said, touching my cheek reassuringly. "You do want to fuck me, right?"
"Well, yes."
"Fuck me then," she instructed.
As for the scene, the movie was all about "Quickies" and my scene was last. My acting was good... for a porno. I did take an acting class in college. My performance however...
"You like these? It is getting a little hot in here," Sierra said sensually. Sierra took off her top, showing her bra. Remembering the script, I leaned in to kiss her as my hand drifted up her skirt. I felt her smooth thighs. She felt me up as well while we were making out and disrobing. This felt weird at first, but I wanted to do this in one take. Plus I'm fucking a beautiful woman. All that weirdness went out of my head immediately. After we got naked, I penetrated her with more passion. She moaned more and more. Her moans were fueling me. I grabbed her small breasts as I entered her slowly.
"Fuck me harder! Harder! Smack my ass!" I firmly smacked it multiple times. She talked dirtier as she moaned harder until she let out an orgasmic scream. With a surprised look on my face, she smiled at me while still fucking her.
"Give me that cock."
She aggressively grabbed my penis and wrapped her pink pouty lips around it, sometimes deep throating it to my delight. She consumed my juices as I ejaculated.
"And... that's a wrap!"
I stood there thinking for a moment, naked: Am I a porn star now? My trance got broken by a slap on the backside by Sierra.
"Good job there, superstar," she said. I nodded and smiled. She slipped me her number seamlessly with a look on her face as I watched her leave.
However, there is one thing that I tell my cast members that I got told back then: "Making love and fucking are two different animals, don't confuse them." I did confuse them. I never used said number. I forgot about it until now...
"You casted Sierra for Jessie?" I whispered incredulously to Tommy.
"She had the body. The tits. God knows the ass. The sex appeal. I mean... Ohhhhh, shit. This is her. Damn, she's sexy! I'm good! I am good!"
"Tommy, could you give us a minute?" I said. "Sierra, how you been? You look good. You look good."
We briefly hugged.
"Good. Good. I'm closing up these last scenes before I retire," she said. My mouth gaped.
"Wait, retire? You just got in the business. You were one of my firsts. And memorable scenes, I mean."
"Yeah, I know, the game of sport fucking. It's just that it's best that I get out. I started before you. They watch porn for women. Not guys. I wanted to be famous. Then I realized it might be time to give it up," Sierra said. I had an inkling that she was hiding something, but I shrugged it off. "So, who am I working with?"
"I'm the narrator of this whole series, so meet Brian who plays me. He's just a more attractive, way better-endowed version," I said.
I hired Brian when I first started this project. He looked like a better version of me physically in my dreams. Think of a twin version of me with a tight ripped body, and a ten-incher. I had to cater to the female audience as well.
"Oh, sweetie, you're not too shabby yourself," Sierra said to me.
"You have two scenes, this one and a lesbian one coming up. She ain't here yet."
"Yeah, sweetie."
"Brian, can I talk to you for a minute?" I said. Brian walked toward me. "Take it natural. Make it natural as you can, then go faster. Remember the script."
"I can let you do it. I know you got a thing for her," Brian said.
"No, just stick to the script. I'll handle it later," I said.
I sat in my director's chair and yelled:
"Places, everybody!"
It was at that precise moment I sacrificed my feelings for the business.