"We're routed, fall back!" a lone surviving bandit shouted desperately as he gripped his bleeding, shattered arm. He jumped over a log that had fallen outside of Falkreath, the sunset shining a crimson light through the emerald trees. Just as he thought he had escaped his fate, an orcish arrow flew into his back, knocking the air out of his body as he dropped to the floor letting out a scream as he quickly died in the brush.
Lydia slowly moved out of her archery posture and gave a smug smile to the Dovahkiin as he nodded gratefully, sheathing his blood soaked dwarven sword. The dragonborn was a well built Nord man in his early 30s named Fenrir. He had bright blonde hair down to his upper chest and a beard that had been braided into a knot. Females of every species would constantly give him double-takes, even without knowing of who he truly was. He had a preference for heavy armor and two handed weapons, but wasn't unfamiliar with shields and one handed weapons. And for that reason, he would prefer archers and mages as his companions. He had an inborn aura that emanated from him thanks to his dragonblood that would have an effect on nearby female hormones. Fenrir was well aware of the attraction females would have for him and Lydia was no different. Constantly staring at him when he wasn't looking and making sexual innuendos whenever possible.
The dragonborn had broken off of many of his quests to take out the time to explore Skyrim. There was something else he couldn't understand. His dragon blood had made him incredibly virile and fertile. It was as if an unknown voice in his head calling out for him to pursue recreation above all else. Perhaps it was the dragon blood hoping to spread out in order to increase it's chances of survival. It was no wonder, seeing as how the last person of dragonblood was Martin Septim, hundreds of years before.
The pair had found a local bandit raid camp that consisted of three tents huddled around a campfire that had just been started. The tents had belonged to the unfortunate bandits that had attacked them mere minutes ago. "Come Lydia, let's take over this spot for them."
"Right behind you, Fenrir." she said without hesitation as she sat down and began to take off her iron boots.
Night had fallen and the two sat around the campfire, roasting a rabbit the bandits had poached talking for hours on end. The two finally quietly sat in the darkness as Lydia looked up and smiled to Fenrir as he smiled back, feeling the sexual urges within himself. The pair had changed into their night clothes but Fenrir couldn't help notice her beautiful complexion in the her blue gown that dropped to her knees brightened by the fire. "You have quite a beauty to you Lydia." Fenrir said bluntly.
"Thank you, my thane." she said smiling back to him. "You know, there is something about you that makes me feel...warm inside."
"Is that so?"
"You're power, your appearance, your charisma. It's just something..." She snapped out of it. "Sorry, that's not right for me to say."
"It's okay Lydia." Fenrir said. "It's just us out here, there's no need to worry about anyone judging us."
"Us?" Lydia said, taking a moment then smiling. "Fenrir, can I show you something?"
"Of course."
She sat back on her mat and started to lift her night gown revealing her bare perfectly shaved pussy to the Dovahkiin, dancing her fingers around it.
Entranced, Fenrir crawled over to her and gently rubbed his hand up her smoothe leg all the way into her warm pale pussy, gently fingering it as Lydia started to moan quietly, kissing Fenrir's lips. He then stood up and dropped his pants as Lydia marveled at his enormous stiffening cock. Grabbing it, she gave him a smile as she felt it quickly hardening in her hands. She slowly moved her head in and began to suck upon his huge pole, delighted by the sweet taste of it in her mouth. She took it out of her mouth and stuck her tongue out at the Dragonborn, showing him the white precum that had already coated her tongue.
The Dragonborn put his hands on her shoulder and gently pushed her to lay down on her mat as she amorously moved her legs in a seductive fashion. Fenrir knelt down and shoved his cock deep into Lydia's vagina, hitting her cervix within moments. She started to moan furiously into the night as the dragonborn furiously ravaged her insides with his massive cock, plunging in and out like a dwemer steam device. The sounds of their love making could be heard off in the distant night in Falkreath.
"Oh yes, Fenrir! Make this pussy yours!" Lydia said as she grabbed her mat and Fenrir's knee. She looked hypnotically into the shining campfire as Fenrir then leaned in on her, getting the housecarl into a mating press as he thrust into her harder and faster.
Finally, the Dovakhiin let out a roaring shout that resonated the same way the greybeard's shout did when they called him to High Hrothgar. The shout shook everything within a 100 yard radius as his semen began to fill Lydia's womb rapidly, pouring out as he pulled out from inside of her. He leaned in and kissed her lips and stood up to see the damage. Lydia was panting rapidly, feeling his cum ooze out and deeper into her body Her pale skin was pink from the physical collisions of their two bodies.
The Dragonborn stared intently at Lydia's lower stomach for a half a minute without saying much, which puzzled her quite a bit as she relaxed on the mat. "There was something I read in an ancient text..." Fenrir said. "It is said that pregnancies brought on by Dragonborns accelerate rapidly in certain ways.
"Uhhh what does that mean?" Lydia said, visibly unsure of what was about to happen.
"It is said that a female impregnated by a dragonborn will experience a near full growth within a minute, but still has to wait nine months for her water to break." He continued to watch her stomach to see if it was a lie.
Suddenly a bright light flashed within Lydia's stomach for a quick instant. Her breasts and stomach began to expand as she was shocked by what was happening. Within seconds it looked as if she had been pregnant for 8 months. The dragonborn stood her up and caressed her stomach.
"If what I read was right - and I see every reason to believe it, you are pregnant and will give birth in the normal amount of time of nine months..."
"I'm happy b-but, why is it so big so quickly? Will it get bigger?"
"According to the texts, it is because the dragon blood enhances certain facets of growth, but all indication says that it will be normal offspring. At least as normal as the emperors that wore the Amulet of Kings." He then kissed Lydia's stomach and then her mouth. "The Dova blood is now in you, it will make you strong enough ti handle it. However, it might be best for you to move to the Breezehome. Don't forget I upgraded it for everything you'll need to live in luxury and safety.
She smiled at him silently and started to laugh, slapping Fenrir's ass. "Okay, that doesn't sound so bad... After all, I am sworn to carry your burdens."
Fenrir, let her sleep the rest of the night, watching the campsite like a hawk, with his weapon drawn. He escorted her to Falkreath the next morning and took a carriage with her to Whiterun. It was time to continue his journey.