I knew Tasha was right: if I wanted to impress Dr. Cramer with my scatting prowess, it wouldn't be enough just to tell him, I was going to have to show him, just like I had shown her. Proof was in the pudding, as they say. I just needed to figure a way to get that pudding all over my body in front of him so he'd have no doubts.
A few days later I thought I would have my chance. A patient had called the day before to cancel his appointment for today, which left a one-hour gap when Philip wouldn't be seeing anyone. There was my window of opportunity. A few ideas crossed my mind regarding what I would do; of course, I would go with the filthiest I could think of that gave me the most control. I had just the ticket.
When the time arrived, I made up a story that I had banged myself on my lower back on the kitchen table picking something up off the floor, and could Dr. Cramer take a look at it. He said fine and we went into one of the examination rooms. I slipped my dress off and got on my knees on the examination table. He started to look at my back for something that wasn't really there, and knowing there was little time before my charade was discovered, I began to shit in my panties as planned. I had been holding it all morning so it was a huge log and soon filled the fabric up; I could feel them sagging lower and lower. The smell was ripe and delicious.
"Oops," I said innocently. "What a bad girl I am!" I wanted to make it seem I was having an accident, but not really. He was taken by surprise and stared at me on the table. I quickly began to show him I was not embarrassed or ashamed by what I just did and reached my hand through my legs to my panties and pressed them up against me. I pressed hard and squished my shit onto my ass, which caused me to moan. It felt creamy and pliable and spread over my skin sensually. I made no effort to get off the table or to apologize, but gave every indication I was totally loving this. Fortunately, Dr. Cramer remained fixed where he was standing, didn't protest or admonish me, but allowed me to do my thing unhindered. Might he even be enjoying it?
Now I really went to work. While still kneeling, my ass directly in his view, I pulled my panties down a little and scooped some poop up to further spread on my ass. I continued to moan softly as I smeared my shit all over my ass cheeks and deep into my crevice and even back into my asshole. I put my dirty hand under my nose and sniffed it deeply, savoring the aroma that I love so much. I finally turned around on my knees and told Dr. Cramer to bring the examiner's stool over and to sit on it and watch me. I was going to put a little show on for him, one I hoped he would appreciate and be impressed by.
"I think you're going to like this," I said, as he slid the stool next to the end of the table. "I want you to watch me, just watch me. I'm going do what I do so often in my bathtub upstairs, show you how I pleasure myself by coating my entire body in all my shit. I want to show you just how much I crave and love having it all over me. I know this is a big part of your life, Philip, and I want to show you it's a big part of mine, too. I want to erase any doubts you might have about me and my love for scat."
With my filthy panties just above my knees I reached into them and took a handful of shit and spread it onto my thighs and lower belly. I went as slowly and deliberately as I could, relishing every hand swipe. I covered my pussy in shit, up and down, my moans growing louder as my fingers moved across my labia. I pressed harder on the top of my opening making myself wetter and wetter. My hand dove farther between my legs to my asshole spreading the creamy shit wherever I could reach. I pushed my fingers inside of me, both holes, and moaned softly in ecstasy.
"Do you like that, Philip?" I asked dreamily, speaking directly to him so he would know I was doing this just for him. Twice now I had called him by his name and he didn't object, a good sign. "Do you like my pussy all covered in shit? Do you wish your cock was fucking my pussy now?" My hands glided smoothly over my skin, turning it dark-brown wherever I touched.
He fidgeted a little on the stool before replying, "Yes, Rita, of course."
I responded with a long drawn-out "Shhh," and reminded him he was just to watch, to say or do nothing more. I was glad he had spoken, it gave me a chance to make clear I was in control.
I took more shit from my panties and rubbed it harder into my pussy and belly. I slowly worked my way up my body until I reached my tits. I still had my bra on, a white plunge type, and didn't care about getting it filthy, moving my hands under it to reach my tits and all over it as well. It was soon stained dark-brown, and only then did I unhook it and remove it. I carefully pushed my panties down and off over my feet and brought them up to my tits. I grabbed another handful of shit and slathered it all over them and up my neck. I don't have to tell you how every breath I took was accompanied by a soft persistent moan, my senses on fire.
When I had finished spreading a thick coat of shit on my tits and up to my chin, I said ecstatically, gazing at Philip, "That feels sooo good on my tits, all that shit on them, it's my favorite place to be covered in shit, Philip, you know. Yes, it is. Do you wish you could suck my tits now?" I bent my head forward and licked my tits, sucked my nipples until my lips and tongue were all black. "So fucking delicious," I sighed. He stared, totally enraptured with my mouth sucking on my shit-smeared tits. He made a move as if to stand up, but with a raised finger and a steely look I commanded him to stay where he was, and he did. I loved how compliant he was, though it surprised me a little. He apparently was going to play along with my little game, which pleased me immensely.
I was suddenly reminded of something and said, "I know you would love to fuck me and suck me and share my filth with me, but unfortunately we don't have time now for those things, do we, Philip. For fucking and sucking and getting all dirty." Touche, I thought, remembering how twice before he had halted scat play in my presence, once with Tasha, the other time with me, citing a lack of time both times. Oh, it felt good saying that, the gentle reprimand, an admonition how desires thwarted even out of necessity can still be painful.
Then I took my panties and wiped them across my face, on my forehead and over both cheeks and my nose. I could feel the poop on my face, knew I had covered most of it, and imagined how it made me look, all nasty yet sexy and ravishing. I held them over my mouth and shook them until a good-sized piece of turd fell out and into it. I put the panties down on the table and rearranged the turd in my mouth so I could suck on it. I pushed it in and out sucking it like a cock.
Looking directly into Philip's eyes, I cooed, "Mmm, this shit tastes so fucking good. You know it does because you've already tasted my shit, sucked on a log of mine in this office with Tasha just over there and said you loved it. Wouldn't you like to share it with me in your mouth? And after that don't you wish I would suck on both your cock and this turd at the same time, or maybe back and forth, first your cock and then this turd? I wonder which would taste better?" I continued to suck on it, facing him on my knees on the table, drooling out long strands of shitty spittle onto my tits and thighs. He looked at my blackened lips speaking to him in-between sucking on the turd.
Now it was time to get him more physically involved, but not too much so, and all through my control and wants. "Is your cock hard, Philip? Unzip your fly and let's see how hard it is. Go ahead, you may stand and do that." He stood and fiddled with his fly until he had it down and pulled his cock out; indeed it was hard. What else would it be? I continued to smear my shit on my face and tits and between my legs.
"Why don't you come over next to me so I can see it better," I entreated him. He walked over to the table, his stiff cock jutting out of his pants.
"I want you to stand close to me but not touch me and jerk yourself off on my filthy tits and my face if you can spurt that far. But don't touch me with it; you can't get dirty now, time is growing short and the next patient just walked in, and you can't keep her waiting too long. It's Mrs. Kendrick, and you know how impatient she can be." He began stroking his cock as I went on massaging myself with my shit, putting much of what was left in my mouth. He moaned when he saw me do that.
In order to speak, I dumped the shit from my mouth into my hand. "You like me to stuff my mouth with shit, don't you, Philip. I'm glad that makes you hot because I love tasting it, wiping my nasty fingers off on my tongue, sucking them clean. I know you'd like me to stick my fingers in your mouth now, but you need to come so I can smear your creamy sperm all over my shitty tits and in my mouth." His hands moved faster on his cock as his breathing grew quicker.
"Come all over my tits, that's it, jerk your cock until your cum is shooting out all over my tits. Think you can reach my face? Maybe if I lean closer." I opened my mouth and put a glob of poop into it. A few more strokes and his jism exploded onto my tits and then the next spurt plopped onto my lips and chin, then the rest on my tits again. It was so tempting just to take his cock right in my mouth and suck more of his cum out of him. Instead, I put my fingers to my lips and shoveled his cum inside my mouth.
"Mmm," I babbled, difficult to talk with my mouth so full, "good job, so delicious, cum and shit mixed together, just delectable!" He smiled and sat down on the stool again. I drooled long strings of his shitty cum onto my tits and rubbed them in, as he stared at me.
Still catching his breath, he said, "Fuck, Rita, that was unbelievably sexy and filthy. Look at you, all covered in shit, so magnificent. I love it! Tasha was right, what she said about you."
That sounded very promising. "What, that I love shit as much as you two do, love how it makes me feel? Was that what she told you after the little session she and I had the other evening? I was hoping she would."
"She said not to underestimate you in that department."
"I did have the feeling you might be doing that," I told him. "I have to say I didn't care for it very much."
"It won't happen again, I promise." He hesitated for a few seconds, glancing at the clock on the wall. "There's still time before... who did you say? Mrs. Kendrick? May I show you something?"
"What?" I asked. I sat on the examination table, my legs stretched out straight, leaning back on my stiffened arms, my shit-covered body on full display to him.
"It's in one of the drawers in the table you're on. Let me show you." The examination table was a relic that Doc Tollinson had left; it was quite beautiful, made of carved wood with thick leather padding on the top, much wider and longer than modern examination tables, and containing several drawers. He waited for me to respond, but when I didn't, he moved toward the table, his hands up like I held a gun on him. I thought that was funny. He opened one of the drawers and moved some things around (I couldn't see, this all happening underneath me) and then pulled out a good-sized dildo. It was about 10 inches long and quite fat.
"This is it," he said, smiling. "I thought you might find this handy."
There was a flippancy in his tone that rankled me. "Don't make fun of me, please, Dr. Cramer."
"Oh, Rita, I'm not doing that, trust me. You asked me if I wished my cock was fucking your pussy and I of course said yes. Then you hinted you weren't going to let me, and I remembered this was in the drawer. If not me, why not this?"
"Very thoughtful of you, Philip." It was quite convenient he would have that dildo in his office like this, but to what purpose? Then an image popped into my head that I couldn't ignore. "Have you used it on Tasha?"
"Yes, and others, too."
Tasha didn't surprise me, but what did he mean by others? "Do you fuck other women in here?" I asked. "Patients?"
He didn't respond, probably fearful of where I was going with this. "You can trust me, Philip. I don't want to cause you trouble."
"Yes, patients, I guess you could say, special ones, women, only a few. They come to me for, well... my what, favors, amenities, attention?"
"What do you mean?"
"They've discovered they have a particular need, and that I can help them with it; they've contacted me, we've met and discussed options, it's always after hours, it's always on their initiative, there's never any money involved."
"So you scat with them."
"Yes. It's why I had the shower installed. It's why that dildo is here."
"Tasha participates, too?"
"Sometimes, if the patient wants."
Although this was rather exciting to hear about and not at all disturbing, I felt a little peeved it had been kept from me for so long. "She's just full of secrets, Nurse Mills. She could have told me this the other night."
He frowned slightly and said, "Really, Rita? How could she have told you that?" I suppose he had a point.
Time really was starting to run out so I held my hand out and, looking at the dildo, said, "Let me see that."
He handed it to me saying, "I thought maybe you'd want to pleasure yourself with it."
I looked at it again, had to smile at its somewhat exaggerated length and girth, but imagined how enraptured it could make me feel. Wanting to keep how dirty I had made myself front and center, I declared, "Load it all up with my shit and fuck myself with it?"
"Exactly," he replied, growing excited. "That I wouldn't mind watching. Fuck Mrs. Kendrick."
I looked at him and grinned. "You haven't, have you?"
"Haven't what?"
"Fucked Mrs. Kendrick."
"She's almost old enough to be my grandmother!"
"I know, but why should that stop you?" And I laughed. I inspected the dildo and thought it would feel wonderful invading all my holes, at least most of the way in. To Philip I said, "Stay seated, you're only allowed to watch, okay? Not that I wouldn't mind having your hands all over me smearing me; I'm only thinking of poor Mrs. Kendrick having to wait if you get messy." That was only partly true; I also liked being in control and didn't want to surrender it. I rubbed the dildo between my tits where most of my shit had accumulated. I stroked it with my hands, both of them, covering the whole dildo in a layer of shit. Then I put it in my mouth and sucked it, the knob of it anyway, all the while staring at Dr. Cramer, studying his reaction. I took it out and licked it top to bottom. I lay back on the table and rubbed it between my legs and across my pussy. I turned sideways a bit so I could still see Philip's face. I wiped more shit on the dildo and aimed it for my asshole. My sphincter resisted the invasion briefly but then the dildo popped right in. It filled me completely and felt wonderful.
After a few minutes I took it out and put it in my pussy; it felt less invasive there but still wonderful. I fucked my cunt hard, the sensations growing with each thrust. As my climax approached I guess I closed my eyes and became so focused on that that I didn't notice Philip getting up and coming over to me. Then I felt his fingers on my nipples, pinching them. I opened my eyes, thought of berating him for not staying seated, but was too consumed by my impending orgasm and almost immediately exploded. He continued to rub my nipples as a warm afterglow washed across me.
Finally he stopped and I was able to speak. "I hope you listen more to your patients than you do me."
"So you wish I hadn't touched you?"
I smiled thinking that over. "No, I'd be lying if I said that. It's just that sometimes a woman likes to be obeyed even if the alternative would be nicer."
He chortled and replied, "Well, that's just crazy, but I'll try to remember that the next time." He turned to go wash his hands.
"Good. Bring Mrs. Kendrick to Room 3, and I'll clean up here and then shower."
At the end of the day, after the last patient had left, Dr. Cramer said to me, "I assume your offer is still good?"
"Offer?" I asked, not sure what he was referring to.
"About visiting you in your apartment."
"Oh, of course!" I assured him. "I would like nothing better!"
He thought for a moment before speaking. "Because of your classes you're not scheduled to be in the office on Wednesday, correct?"
"Yes, I have a class early in the afternoon."
"I thought I could switch my hospital rounds from the morning to the afternoon that day, pay you a visit in the morning."
"That would be wonderful!"
He smiled coyly and said, "I'm usually very full in the morning. If you know what I mean."
"I'm sure I do, and I can be, too, what with a few days to prepare."
"Say around 8?"
I grinned most satisfactorily and said, "An early-morning shitfest! I can hardly wait!"