##This is my first submission, please let me know what you think. I plan on submitting more soon##
She arrived 5 minutes early, the same time she arrived every day. She sat down in the center seat of the first row, the same place she had sat since the first week of class. The only thing different about today's class was her outfit.
Normally she wore something subdued, plain. Standard baggy shirt to hide her erect nipples, standard pants, nothing fancy, but she was tired of that, her soaked panties after every class wanted more.
Mary wasn't sure when she had developed a crush on her professor, but she was unable to think of anyone else during the long summer break. Every time she felt a dampness between her legs it was because she had been thinking about him...all those incredible orgasms were thanks to him. One time she had been so lost in thinking about him she hadn't even heard her mom come in...
She hadn't even realized she had a crush one him until one day while working on something he assigned she suddenly found herself deep in fantasy with her hand in her panties, she only noticed because of the dampness on her hand. Thinking back, she might have even developed her crush the first time she saw him, doing a tequila shot with his friends at the bar. A brand-new professor and her a brand-new junior. Maybe that's why she had taken his intro to physics class while being an arts major, though she told people it was the only science requirement she could get. It just took a while to realize how deep her desire for him went. After that it was hard to pretend that he didn't make her want to explore herself with him beyond the classroom. She knew it was wrong and didn't think she would push it that far or that he would do it, but she had to try something.
That class had been tortured for her, not that she hadn't done well, pulling an A+ in the class but because he was all she pictured when she closed her eyes and why she went through 4 sets of batteries in her vibrator that semester. Her lust was all consuming.
Today though she was going to get her revenge. It was her senior year, and this was her last class after today he would be gone from her life, and she had to act.
Mary slides into her desk and as usual he was just standing there not noticing her. She would make him notice. She took off her sweatshirt revealing the tiny and loose-fitting top, instantly and clearly noticeable that she was not wearing a bra. Her sweatshirt had been long enough to hide the tiny skirt below, leaving the people who passed by her wondering if she was wearing anything else at all. She could feel those horny boys looking at her, staring. It was a nice feeling, but she wanted a man to stare like that at her and not those boys. They were appetizers and she was hungry for a meal.
She got comfortable in her seat, letting her breasts hang in her loose shirt. She knew her breasts weren't huge by any means, but they were a nice B cup and very perky. Her areolas were large or at least she thought they were, and she knew after hours picking out just the right clothes to wear, that they were very visible above the cut of her dress when she leaned just so. She knew her hard nipples would show well when she arched her back and they pushed against the fabric of her shirt that they would try to press through.
Shit, she had only just sat down and already she was wet. She almost started to have second doubts about it, but the wetness was there already, and she knew she had to go through with it. She had ditched her panties earlier and the wetness on her skirt would be obvious if she got up now...a year of pent-up desire. If even for a moment she wanted him to feel the uncontrollable horniness she had felt just being in his presence. This was her time to be in charge of desire.
"Alright everyone, be seated and we will start the final in a second" he stated. Sure, it was typical of what professors were expected to say but as he passed out the final, he noticed her. She had made sure he would notice but still she had had her doubts. As he counted out the sheets his eyes noticed the cleavage. Though he tried to avert his eyes they lingered. He peered closer trying to see if indeed she had no bra on or if it was just ill fitting. Looking down her top till he realized he was obvious. He pulled away quickly his face showing a slight blush, no one noticed but her.
In that moment she knew he had seen her areolas and was looking for more, looking to see her nipples and if they were hard. Pretending to not have seen anything he had averted his eyes, but they had lingered. They had tried to see even more of what was under her shirt, she had him and that made her skirt all the damper.
Even as he was passing out more tests, she could feel his eyes trying to glance at her without her noticing. She decided to play along. She arched her back slightly just a bit of a stretch but she knew her hard nipples would be seen.
After the last test was passed out, he stood in the front of the class slightly closer to her than normal. She got to work on her test bending low over her desk her tits free in her shirt. She knew from practicing in the mirror that he could see a lot more than just her cleavage if he chose to look. She thought she could feel his eyes on her but a quick glance up and he was looking in a different direction. Had he noticed her slight shift to look up at him and had quickly averted his eyes? Next time she would have to give him more time to stare and be lost in fantasy.
She hurried through the test, she wanted to get it out of the way so she could focus on him since it seemed he wouldn't pay her enough attention while there was a full classroom. She finished quickly as it was easy. She looked up at the clock and caught him staring. He quickly snapped out of his stare, but it was clear by his face he had been lost in fantasy. She shifted her shirt and realized her hard nipple had been very exposed to him. She had been so focused on her test for the past half hour she hadn't noticed that her shirt had shifted exposing her boob for anyone to see. She took a quick look around and it appeared only he had seen her. A wave of relief and excitement washed over her.
She smiled a sly smile to herself; she had caught his attention and had finished her last test of her college years. She continued to look over her test but now it was her game. She had to pretend she hadn't noticed him looking so he would look more.
And it worked. As soon as she went back to her test, she caught sight of him taking a half step closer to her. Through her long hair, which partially covered her face, she could see his eyes on her chest, he would look away check the room but then they were back. She watched, pretending to work on her test, and she saw him repeat this several times. Getting closer each time he looked. She wondered if he even realized. She suddenly arched her back and heard a pencil drop. Everyone looked up and around, she as well, pretending to not have him seem him startled by how hard her nipples were.
As it seemed to be an innocent pencil drop, people started coming up to him to turn in their tests, not realizing she had hiked her skirt up a little. He was distracted from her accepting the tests though she hoped he might sneak a peek at how high her skirt was. Half the students were now gone.
With the room now half empty and the flow of students getting up starting to slow, she decided to get his attention and once again arched her back but this time she slowly cupped her boobs, pulling them slightly toward him while spreading her legs. She did it casually, lost in thought, not looking directly at him.
He was fully staring at her. Those that were let were absorbed in their test, but his eyes were glued to her. She felt a drip run down her leg. His eyes were glued to her chest. She looked and saw her tit had fallen out. She quickly looked backed to her test, hoping the flush didn't show as she adjusted her shirt. She didn't want him to look away and hide that she even knew anything had happened. She allowed her hair to fall over her face, trying to be as natural about it as possible. She wanted to be able to watch without him knowing.
If she was honest, she also wanted to hide both the excitement and embarrassment she felt. She had never done anything remotely like this before. Her biggest experience with publicly showing anything was when she had been dared to do a quick flash of a group of guys after a football game when she was a freshman and in a suggestive state. She knew her face was bright red. The thought that she could get in trouble made her excited, which she had hoped for but was still surprised by. She knew so far, he hadn't see her do anything that she couldn't claim was innocent or had he? She saw his face turn red, shit did he realize what was going on? She kept looking out of the corner of her eye. No, he hadn't realized, it was as she had hoped he was simply trying to hide his inner perv.
His eyes were still on her, and she decided to be less innocent about it. Half the class had left by now and none of the remaining were next to her. He was still watching. She made sure her tit was still exposed and casually reached for it and gave her nipple a hard squeeze.
He jumped and she nearly cummed. Those remaining looked up and she quickly hide her tit. He stuttered an apology about tripping, but she knew.
As those that remained went back to focusing, she grabbed both tits and let them hang out over her shirt. He was staring and had seen what she did, her skirt was soaked. With her long hair her tits probably weren't visible to anyone not looking closely but she knew he was looking closely. She had done it in a way to be casual like she didn't know anyone was looking and she pretended to absentmindedly bring her hand up and slowly rubbed a finger over her nipple. Slightly pinching them. He didn't jump this time instead was fully staring at her she looked up slightly and made eye contact.
She turned bright red and pretended to be shocked at what she was doing and that someone had noticed. She made a slight jump and quickly hide her tits away. He turned bright red as she pretended to scribble on her test.
She waited several minutes before, just for herself she let a hand slide under her desk and pulled her skirt back up. She could feel the heat and dampness from between her legs. She allowed her fingers to gently touch herself, though she made sure no one was looking including him. She was ready for him to see her touch herself. She was so reeved up she was afraid she might just cum, and it wouldn't be subtly if she did. She brought her hands back up and before she even realized it she was sucking at her fingers. Her mind thinking about what she really wanted in her mouth, picturing it, pretending to taste it straight out of her pussy.
She hadn't even realized several minutes had passed and he was staring. He wasn't the only one though. What was her name? She had blonde hair and always sat in the back, she was on her way up to him to hand in her test and she noticed him staring and quickly looked. Catching her slowly, seductively sucking on her fingers.
They all turned bright red, she gave him the test, he muttered thanks, and she was gone.
She quickly looked around and realized nearly all the students had left, shit, time was running out. How much time had been lost while she was daydreaming sucking on her fingers. She felt something brush her nipple and looked down, her tit had fallen out and she hadn't even realized it. The edge of her shirt was brushing against her very hard nipple bringing her back to reality. He had seen it and so had the blonde before she left. Shit no wonder they both turned bright red. Panic almost hit her as she realized what she was doing and just who all might be seeing it. Would this jeopardize her future? What might others think? What if it followed her after college? Fuck it to late now, might as well enjoy the few minutes left.
She left her tit out and decided she didn't care if any of the other 3 students left saw it. Her hand under the desk rubbing her leg, not wanting to touch her pussy as she was too close to cumming. She rubbed her leg up to her skirt edge being careful not to go any further.
She realized he had moved away from her, she was afraid she had over done it. She stared at him but he purposefully looked away, staring intently at the student furthest from her. Shit shit shit she had overdone it and he wanted nothing to do with her.
Except why was he standing in such a weird position with his hands in front of him. He shuffled and his hands adjusted his pants and she realized he was hard, very hard. Not just that but when he moved his hand she saw a wet spot on his pants.
She was amazed that once again she didn't cum though her hand had gone under her skirt. A student got up to hand in the test breaking the spell. The last student started to pack, and she knew it was over.
After he had finished packing and left, she slowly got up from the desk her wetness ran down her leg. Grabbing her things, she slowly walked over to him where he stood shocked. She handed him the test allowing herself to get a little too close, close enough that as she turned, she felt her thigh brush his hard cock. She turned to look back at him.
"Thanks for being a great professor."