This story and the one Rest - Relaxation & Healing are both in response to requests from anonymous comments and especially for deanhockey. Thank you for your kind words and I hope you enjoy these stories. I really appreciate feedback and comments. Thank you.
Catherine's friend Kiki, who does modeling, called Catherine to see if she would be interested in a very well paying job. You may remember Kiki from the story Catherine's First Modeling Job. Catherine told me about it and asked if I thought she should do it.
It is a very legit job, but involves nudity and that is why it pays so well; fifteen hundred dollars for five hours of work. A gynecologist is putting out a text book and he needs some photos and a video for the book project.
As Kiki's agent, Artie, explained it; basically they want a female for some pictures of the female body and then they will photograph a typical pelvic exam step by step. This is going to be a how-to manual for medical students so it is not intended to be sexual in any way and the people there will be the doctor and the photographer.
"What do you think Honey? Fifteen hundred dollars for five hours. Do you think I should do it?"
"Well what do you think about it? Are you okay with being naked in front of this doctor and maybe another guy if the photographer is a man?"
"Well I guess so. I know I will be a little embarrassed, but it will be a totally safe environment, and it does excite me a little bit. Does it excite you to think of me being naked in front of another man or maybe two men?"
"Yes, you know that as long as there is no sex and you are one hundred percent safe, the thought a guy seeing you naked always excites me. The main thing is do you want to do it?"
"Yes, I am getting a bit more daring as I've gotten older and I'm realizing that although I have this hot body now, that it is not going to last forever. And since no one we know will ever know about this and I don't know this man, I think I like the idea enough. Plus we can have so much fun with the money. Fifteen hundred dollars is a lot of fun money, right Honey? So if you're okay with it, I think I will do it."
"Okay, but on one condition. You have to tell me every detail in totally honesty and leave nothing out. Agreed?"
"Agreed! I think it will be fun to tell you all about it. I may even reenact it for you too."
That settled it and Catherine called Kiki who called Artie who set it up. It was going to be on a Saturday so they would have a clinic room in private. The next four days Miss Catherine was on a strict diet and ran and worked out every day. She even dropped three pounds which she did not have to lose, but it made her look super hot and her normally flat tummy looked even more smoking hot.
Well Saturday arrived and she was told she could not wear anything that would leave a mark. No bra, no undies and not even pants. It was hard because they told her no sex for 24 hours before the shoot too so I was going crazy.
She got up early and showered and shaved her pussy. She showed it to me and standing naked in front of me said, "Honey, do you think I will look okay?"
"Are you kidding me? That is the finest pussy this doctor has ever seen!"
"Thank you sir! I love that you love my pussy!"
Then she put on a sundress and kissed me good bye.
"You look so hot Gorgeous! Have fun and call me if there is any funny business and I will come get you."
"Thanks handsome!" She gave me a huge kiss and headed off.
It was a long day and I was thinking about her every minute. She called on one break and I asked her how it was going and she said fine but she couldn't talk and would tell me all about it later. She finally came home and walked in the door and gave me a big hug and a kiss.
I had a dinner waiting for her and I was excited to hear all about it. "So how is my super model? How did it go?"
"Oh Michael it was hard work but so exciting. I can't remember being that excited for so long in my life. You have to make love to me right now I am so horny I may explode!" She was trying to get my shirt off and push me toward the bedroom.
"Hold on hot pants. That will have to wait, just like I had wait. Now I am dying to hear all about it so let's hear the story and then we will definitely have some fun!"
"Oh, alright. Well just driving there was the first thing that got me excited. Nothing under my sundress and it rode up quite a bit. Riding in that Vette I am so low that every single truck had a great view of my legs and I didn't care. I figured it was practice so I let them show and the wind kept blowing my dress up all the way to my pussy.'
'And getting in and out of the Vette is not easy, especially in a dress. I was nervous and not thinking and just as I parked and got out of the car I noticed an older gentleman right next to me staring and he obviously saw not only my legs, but I am afraid I really flashed him my bare pussy too."
"Well I went into the clinic and there was Artie standing there in the lobby waiting for me. I said, "Hello Artie, I didn't know you were going to be here."
"Oh, you bet Catherine. I'm your agent. I'm going to make sure you are treated right and get paid and get your breaks and stuff. I'm here to make sure you are okay."
"Oh right Artie. You are here to see me naked again more than anything. But hey, you got me the gig and you've already seen me naked anyway so I guess that's good to have a colleague here to look out for me."
We took the elevator to the fourteenth floor and down to room 1406 at the end of the hall. We walked in and there were some people there. Artie introduced me to them. The Doctor Hooper was about 45 years old and tall and very handsome. I immediately imagined that he would be touching my breasts and putting his fingers in my vagina. It got me hot. I hope that doesn't upset you Michael, but you said all the details right?"
"Oh yes, that is what I want, keep on with the story."
"The photographer was there and he had a lighting guy and another assistant guy who got things and did makeup too. They all shook my hand and we all said hello. The photographer's name was Rolf and he was about 35 and his assistants were in their twenties, they were Max and Norm."
Catherine took a few bites of her meal and had a drink of juice.
"So you are there with not just one man to see you, but as it turned out you have the handsome doctor, Artie, Rolf and two young men who are all going to see you bare naked? Is that right? Five men?"
"Yes Honey, five men who all adored me and they didn't just get to see me naked, they saw a lot more. But I'll get to that in a minute."
"Anyway after the introductions the photographer was very businesslike and he said to all of us, "Alright people, we are on the clock now so let's do a professional job and get going, shall we?"
Everyone got busy, except Artie who decided to stay and watch. He took a seat off to the side where he would have a very nice view of everything I must say. And when I say of everything, I mean of everything I have on my naked body."
Rolf said to me, "Catherine, we are going to begin with some basic pictures of the human female body. Each picture will be a full page. So we will start with you standing and there is your mark on the floor."
"I looked and saw an "x" made with duct tape on the floor in the middle of lights and with a big white screen behind it."
"Now Catherine I need you please to take your dress off and we can get started."
"Every eye was on me. I could tell they were trying to look professional, but Michael, you know men are men and when there is a beautiful woman about to get naked they are going to be looking and sure enough they were."
"How did you feel at that moment Honey?"
"I can't explain how excited I was. All the men were very polite and respectful so I wasn't feeling any shame. Well except maybe Artie. I know he was loving seeing me strip again, but the others seemed more professional."
"I felt like a stripper for a minute. I also wished you were there to watch me. I could not believe I was about to go from all covered up to completely naked in a few seconds."
"I didn't want to mess up my hair so I lowered the sundress down over my breasts and then I had to sort of push it over my hips and it dropped to the floor. I bent down to pick it up and one of young men assistants took it from me and said, "Here Miss Catherine, I'll go hang this up for you." He could not take his eyes off of me."
"I left my shoes on that have heels so my legs and butt were really flexed up. I asked if the shoes were okay to leave on and Rolf said sure until the exam part so I left them on. It made me feel even sexier than if I was totally naked. After all Michael, you did tell me to have fun didn't you?"
"The room was quiet as I stood naked in the middle of the room with five men staring at by body and smiling."
Rolf broke the awkward silence. "All right! I think I speak for all of us Miss Catherine when I say you are one fabulously beautiful woman and we will have the great pleasure of working with you today."
"I blushed and smiled and said thank you while the men all clapped. It was a nice way to break the ice and get started."
Rolf said, "We will start with four basic shots. I will be taking a few of each to make sure we get good copy. Front, back, and each side. Then we will do some isolated body part shots and on to the exam portion. Does that sound good?"
"Yes, that sounds fine." I answered him but my head was spinning. I was getting so turned on being nude with these men all just a few feet away.
Rolf began looking though the huge camera he had set up on a tripod. He called out, "Norm, I need some base on Miss Catherine."
He looked up and explained to me. "Your skin is actually so fine and smooth, maybe the nicest and most flawless skin I have had the pleasure to photograph, but that unfortunately causes a shine to occur. So Norm is going to put some body makeup on you to take off the shine, O.K.?"
"Sure, that's fine."
Norm approached me with a big box of makeup that looked like flour and he had a huge big puff-like pad. He said, "Would you please hold up your hair?"
I held my hair up and I know that is a sexy pose, naked in heels holding your hair up, and all the men stared as Norm began patting the makeup on my neck and back and shoulders and then my breasts. When he did them a lot of powder stuck to my nipples so he had to brush them a lot.
"What was that like Catherine? Having him brush that on your nipples? I know they are so sensitive."
"Well you guessed it right Michael. All the men seemed to be waiting to see my breasts get powdered and they were loving my big puffy nipples. Norm was brushing gently with the big soft puff, but that tickled and make my nipples turn from puffy to huge bullets pointing right out. That was a little embarrassing. Norm said, "Wow, I have never seen anything so cool before!" When he was done he said I could drop my hair again."
"Then he went behind me and was patting the makeup on my back on then on my bare bottom and down my legs to my ankles. When he did my butt it was so ticklish that I was giggling and laughing and switching it back and forth making it hard for him to catch it. That of course caused everyone to laugh and stare at me all the more, as if that were possible."
"As he got lower, he was kneeling and had his face about eight inches from my butt. He said, "Sorry but I have to get way in here, can you spread your cheeks?" So I put one hand on each cheek and opened them up and he put the fluffy pad right in there. The guys loved that too, believe me! He moved to the front of me and patted down my tummy and down to my pussy on down the front of my legs."
"Miss Catherine, would you please step your legs way apart so I can get in between them?"
"Oh were the men looking now! I stepped my legs way apart and Norm patted the puff on my inner legs and on my pussy. That really tickled and apparently the powder built up in my pussy slit and Norm said, "I know this is a bit awkward, but I need to get this extra powder out, is that okay with you Miss Catherine?"
"I guess so if you have to."
"So he put his fingers up and down my pussy pulling out the extra powder and smoothing it all out."
"What was that like honey? Did it hurt or sting or anything?"
"Not at all! It was so smooth and his fingers got me all excited because each time he ran them up and down he bumped Miss Clitty and I kept bucking my hips back and he'd have to start over a bit."
"Oh no! Did what I think happen with Miss Clitty happen?"
"Oh you better believe it did and no one missed out on it either, trust me! Sure enough as he was touching my clitty, she got huge. You know she normally grows to four times her size, well today I think she got to five."
"The doctor even commented, "Catherine you have an amazing clitoris growth percentage. Maybe we can get some of that on film."
"I just blushed. Well the makeup was done the other guy was finishing the lights and Rolf began talking pictures. Several from the front, then he said, "Very nice, turn to your right for the side view please."
I did and he said, "I want some with your chest way out so take a deep breath please."
"I did and my boobs felt like they were way out in front of me." The he said, "Please turn once more so we can get the back."
"I turned and I could feel every eye on my bubble butt. I heard them all sort of quietly moan and go wooo! I loved it."
I said, "Rolf do you want it like this?" and I stood normally and then I poked it out and then I said, "Or like this?"
I heard a couple of guys say, "Wow!"
Rolf said, "I'm getting a few of each way. You look magnificent."
Then we did the other side and we were done with that part.
Rolf said, "Miss Catherine, I need some close-ups. He came up to me with a handheld camera and took several really close shots of my breasts, then of each nipple. "Miss Catherine, since you have two very distinct ways you present your nipples, this is a very big plus for us to have two nipple types on one person. Since they are back to their relaxed state now, and I have them captured on film, could now please make them erect again for some more pictures?"
"Well Michael, what was I going to do? I said, "Rolf they have to be stimulated or I have to be aroused. Maybe I could put some ice on them?"
"No I am sorry, but that would run the body makeup. Is there any other way?"
"Now Honey, please don't be upset, but this was what came to my mind so I just said it."
"Well if someone blows hot breath on my nipples, they will get erect."
Rolf told his assistants, "Norm, Max, get over here and each of you blow on one of Miss Catherine's nipples."
The young men came and stood next to me as I am standing there totally naked and they almost cupped their mouths around my nipples and began to blow and sure enough my puffy nipples got harder and harder as they blew. It took about two minutes, but they never complained. Everyone loved it and we were all laughing. Rolf got the shots and he said they were magnificent!
"We were almost done. Rolf knelt down and had me turn around and I heard it click six times taking my butt close up. "Would you please step your feet apart a bit?" I did and he took a four more with my pussy showing I guess."
"Then he said, "I am sorry to have to ask one more thing. We need a close-ups of your anus. Could you spread your cheeks for me?"
"Well Honey, I had to do it and I just took one cheek in each hand and pulled them apart as I poked out my butt and he took five pictures. That was embarrassing, but I must say the men were all captivated. Honey, how could anyone want to see that?"
"Trust me darling, any man would give his left nut to see you do that."
"Oh gross! Anyway he wasn't quite done I guess, he went on. "One last set Catherine. Your vulva. First legs together please." I stood like that and he snapped six shots of my pussy so close I could not believe it. "Now step your feet way apart." I did and he took six more shots of my pussy getting my little lips in there for sure."
Now all this time the doctor and Artie and the two helpers are all just a few feet away on chairs watching with great interest. I do not remember any of them even blinking once now that I think of it.
"Miss Catherine, I do not wish to embarrass you and I am not sure how to put this, but just as you have two fantastic ways you present you nipples, we were fortunate enough to see your clitoris presents in two distinct ways as well. That is very valuable to the point of this shoot. Can you make your clitoris aroused again for a few pictures?"
"Wow Catherine! What did you do?" I could hardly believe how excited imagining my wife naked like this in front of five men was making me.
"Well I wasn't going to masturbate in front of six men so I said, "If you really have to have the shot, I will need to have my clitoris stimulated, but I am not going to touch myself in front of all you men."
"One of the young guys, Max was so cute and about 24 years old. So I said, "Max, come here." He jumped up and came right to me. I whispered in his ear, "Max take two fingers and gently rub circles on my clitoris. Do you know where it is?"
"Yes Miss Catherine, it will be my pleasure." He knelt down in front of my pussy and looked scared to death. He reached out and put two fingers on my clitty and began to rub. Oh Michael that felt so great to have that young man touching my clitoris and Miss Clitty loved it too because she got HUGE and I mean HUGE. I didn't want him to stop, but I had to tell him to."
"Rolf says, "Excellent!" And he got nice and close and took about eight pictures of my aroused clitoris."
"Great work Miss Catherine! Thank you! We are done with that portion of the shoot. Please take a break, Guys get her a soda and we'll take ten and then get to the exam portion of the shoot."
"When he said great work all the guys were clapping, even the doctor. I took a bow."
"I asked Norm for my dress and he said, "Oh I am soooo sorry, but it will ruin your makeup, I am afraid you have to remain naked. Do you want to go to a room alone."
"I just said, I've been naked so long now I guess it doesn't matter. You've all seen me naked anyway."
"So you just sat around on your break in the nude? How did that feel?"
"Yes I was sitting there naked with the guys all around me when I called you to say I was okay. Oh it was sort of weird. They were all trying really hard to talk to me like I did have clothes on, but they all kept moving their eyes from my nipples to my pussy and all around. It seemed like torture for them trying to make eye contact."
"I finally said to the guys, "I can see you're all trying hard to make eye contact and not look at my body. But I don't mind. I know if my husband was around a naked woman he would be looking too so go ahead and look if you want to. And they did too."
"After ten minutes Rolf says, "Okay everyone, on to the exam portion of the shoot."
"We all went into an exam room where they had lights, a camera and a video camera all set up and ready to go. They began filming right away. Rolf was on the video camera and Max was snapping pictures. Everyone was crowded in that little room. Even that stinker Artie was drinking up every minute of my nakedness with his hungry eyes. But I have to say, he is respectful and he just simply adores me so I really didn't mind."
"Rolf gave me some clothes and had me pretend I had just taken off. He began filming as I was setting down the clothes and they filmed me putting on a little paper sheet to cover with. It barely did cover me. Then I sat on the exam table."
"There is a knock on the door and the doctor comes in. He says, "Good morning Catherine, I'm doctor Hooper." After a few questions he says, "Let's begin with your exam. He looked in my eyes and ears and felt under my jaw and then asked me to lower my gown. I just let it drop to my lap. I always just do that since they're going to see my boobs in a second anyway."
"Well he says to take few deep breaths as he listens to my heart and lungs and you should have seen those men stare when by boobs lifted up and out as I was breathing. Then he says, "Please lay back and put your arms up over your head for your breast exam. I did that and he felt my bare breasts for all to see. He took his time too demonstrating the proper technique. "
"As we did that young Max kept snapping pictures every now and then and Rolf ran video camera the whole time."
"The doctor began to examine my breasts one at a time feeling them all up and finished by squeezing my nipples checking for discharge. Again we all saw the change from puffy to bullets. It was strangely exhilarating to have an audience of five other men in that little room all watching as the doctor examined me and touched my breasts. I have only had you in during an exam before and we both got excited over that, remember?"
"I remember a few times being in there. The ultrasound appointment was my favorite. Remember the story I wrote about it's called Ultra Fun? I only wish I would have been in there when you had my buddy Andre as a substitute for your regular doctor and he did all that careful examining of you. We did a story on that too called Unplanned Substitute.""
"Oh please do not remind me of that. Andre still looks me up and down and smiles every time I see him. It creeps me out knowing he has had his hands on my boobs and his fingers in my vagina and worse! I can tell he is imagining me naked very time he looks at me."
"Anyway, back to the photo shoot story. Then the handsome Doctor Hooper presses under my ribs and pulls the sheet up over my boobs and uncovers my tummy and my pussy. He begins by pressing on my stomach and then down close to Miss Clitty."
"All the men were staring and no one was talking. They seemed to love seeing my legs all stretched out and my pussy mound sticking up all shaved and smooth. Rolf was moving the video camera a bit to get every detail in the picture."
"Doctor Hooper said, "Catherine, would you please slide down to the end of the table and put your legs in the stirrups for your pelvic exam?"
"Now Honey, this was the most exciting part for me. Because the men had seen me naked, but now they were going to see me spread open and boy, were they ever paying attention too!"
"I actually took a deep breath and slid my butt down to the end, "humping" it up and down as I went. I knew that would get everyone excited and you could feel the sexual tension in the air."
"I put my feet in the stirrups and he got right in there on his little roll around stool and pulled a light over to light up my pussy. Rolf was right over his should filming every minute of it and young Max was busy taking pictures. Hey, I wonder where those hundreds of pictures of me naked will end up. I sure hope no one puts any online."
"Well then Doctor Hooper asks me to open my knees and I did. I could hear a gasp as the men just loved when I did that. Doctor Hooper then begins to gently and carefully touch every tiny bit of my pussy. My outer lips basically got a massage as he felt them up and he touched my inner lips. He touched very bit of them and turned them this way and that."
"Then he raises my clitoral hood and touched my clitty. SURPRISE! Miss Clitty engorged again to about five times her normal size. He touched her a lot and held her in his fingers moving her around. I had to squirm and wiggle my butt and hips because it was like an electric charge. He said, "Catherine you have a very active clitoris. Does this hurt when I touch it?"
"I said, "No Doctor, it feels extremely stimulating." So he stopped."
"Next he opens my pussy and pushed two of his big thick fingers inside my vagina. He felt around and pressed on my mound to feel my ovaries and then he turns his fingers up and moved them around. Well Honey, you guessed it, he hit my gee spot and I began to get so wet I could feel it dripping out of my vagina and I know it was all captured on film. And I could smell my scent fill the air and all the men could too. They were delighted and all smiling. That was a little embarrassing."
"He then shoved the speculum in my vagina and carefully looked in there with a flashlight, which they painstakingly made sure to get on video and made sure they took some close up photos of as well. Then he took a pap smear and pulled it out. I hate the way my pussy feels all opened up after that."
"You look perfectly healthy and we're almost done. Please roll over on your tummy."
"I rolled over and I heard another gasp as the five men looked on your wife's bare naked little bubble butt poking out in all her glory. He had me spread my legs and I knew that gave the camera and the men a nice pussy shot and he slipped a finger into my butt. I always hated that part the most. He even felt around a bit and I hated that even more. He finally took out his finger and then he said, "Rolf we may have to edit a bit but I need to demonstrate the alternate method as well."
"No problem, we'll keep rolling and we can edit it later, just keep going."
"So doctor Hooper says, "Catherine, would you please get on your knees so I may inspect your anus?" So I got up on my knees. This made my bare breasts hang down and get big and pointy looking. And as I moved a bit, they would sway side to side and I could see Norm and Max and Artie were loving that. But when I got on my knees and poked my pussy out they all changed positions to get behind the camera and get a close up view of your modest, little, bare naked wife's fine, smooth, silky, bubble butt with her smoothly shaved pussy poking out from behind. What do you think of that Honey?"
"I am about to burst and nearly ready to take you to places you have never been before in our bedroom!"
"Me too so let me finish."
"Doctor Hooper said I had a perfect anus and I was in perfect health and I could get dressed now. So that was the end of the video part of the shoot. But Rolf asked for a couple of close ups of my pussy spread back on the table so I got back down and spread it for him as all the guys looked on intently. He took about six close up shots of my pussy and asked me to uncover Miss Clitty which I did and he took five of her alone! I think the guys loved that the most because they all crowded around the table to watch."
"Then Rolf asked for one last time on my tummy and on my knees to capture the finest bare bottom he had ever seen as he put it. Since he was so nice I let him take some pictures of my butt and I got on my knees once more and let him get some really close up shots of my bare butt with my pussy way open."
"I was finally done and got up and put on my sundress. I could not believe how excited those men were to just watch me put on my sundress with nothing under it. Everyone said good bye and we all shook hands."
"Rolf said, Miss Catherine, I will make copies of all the pictures for you to keep and give to our husband if want." I said, "Thank you Rolf, he will love them!"
"Young Max gave me a hug and whispered in my ear that my letting him touch and rub my clitty was the greatest and most exciting moment of his entire life and he would never forget it. I laughed and gave him a kiss on the cheek and told him he was sweet."
"So after all the goodbyes, Artie was walking me out to my car and thanked me. I said, "Well Artie did you see enough of my naked body to last you a while?"
"Catherine I could never get enough of your sweet body. I would consider it an honor to drop to my knees and kiss your bottom if I ever had the chance. You are that fine to me."
"I laughed and said, "Well thank you for the compliment." I am actually sort of starting to like Artie. And it was good that he was there. Just as we were getting into the elevator he says, "Here Miss Catherine, here is your check."
"Honey, I looked at the check and it was for two thousand, three hundred dollars!"
"I said, "Artie, what's up with all the extra money?"
"Well you had to be naked in front for six men and they asked you for a lot of extra and very personal close-ups. I told them you get five hundred dollars for one picture of your bare bottom bending over and five hundred for a picture of your fine pussy and they got lots of those and they should be paying much more. So I got my girl an extra eight hundred dollars. I hope we can do more projects in the future too."
"Well Michael, I hope you aren't mad, but since we were alone in an elevator I pressed the hold button and stopped it for a minute. Then I lifted my dress to let Artie see my fine pussy and I turned around and poked out my bare bottom and said, "Artie, if you are serious, here is your chance."
"He sure was, because he dropped right to his knees, took hold of my hips and kissed my bare bottom, both cheeks, for a full minute. I finally said laughing, "Okay big boy, that's enough!"
"That little rascal quickly spun me by my hips and kissed my bare pussy too as I was dropping my dress. I had to laugh and give him credit for trying."
"We got to my car and he held the door for me and got his gentleman's reward of seeing my pussy as I got my legs in. I started the car and waved goodbye and now here I am. Twenty-three hundred dollars richer and as horny as can be."
She took her sundress off over her head and tossed it playfully at me and with the most flirtatious and sexy voice ever, she said, "I have a problem. I need some excellent loving and about five orgasms. So what are you going to do about that big man?"
"I think you can fill in the rest of the story from here and, YES, it was the greatest, most exciting, longest lasting love making session we had had in years!"