Warning: this story contains pegging.
I came into work tonight with a condom in my pocket and a hard-on in my boxers. I'm a zombie. I haven't slept all day because I've been fantasizing about Marla. Marla's throat around my cock. Her velvety snatch squeezing me dry. She moans as I shove my fingers in her rectum. Cover her in my...
"Uhhh...? Ex-cuse-me? I said... about the MoMA?"
This blonde chick is gawking at me, she looks like she's at most eighteen and she's wearing more makeup than clothes. Is that her friend or her sister with the fake red hair, talking in her ear while giving me the stink-eye? How long have they been here?
"Dude, I think he's high or something," she whispers in the blonde's ear.
I'm not high, I just need a moment to process new information, and to stare at your nipples pointing through what might as well be a belt.
"Yes, the MoMA..."
The blonde stares at me expectantly.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah! It's here."
"I know it's here!" She rolls her eyes like I'm a retard or something, which I probably am at this point. I read somewhere that sleep deprivation can really fuck with your brain. Or was it in a documentary?
"...want to know how togetthere!"
Oh shit, she's talking again. I give her a map and my best smile. I'm hoping the counter effectively hides my thunder because I've got Thor's hammer in my pants again from staring at these chicks. They're sharing a room with a king-size bed, I wonder what they get up to in there.
As I'm picturing her friend tongue-deep in her clam, the red-haired one snaps her fingers at me.
"Key?"
I give her the key and they run off towards the elevator, muttering to each other what I can only assume are less than complimentary remarks about my mental well-being. I can feel my heart pumping blood into my prick as I watch them go, their asses bouncing with every step, punctuated by the clicking of their high heels on the marbled tiles.
I turn my eyes to the wooden panel where the keys hang. It's almost empty. Full house tonight. Two hours go by in a haze, and there's only one key left on the board. 405. Marla. I can't stop tonguing that scratch.
And suddenly she's there at the counter, spilling out of her dress every which way, radiating sex through every pore, and just looking in her eyes is making me burst at the seams. I put her key in her hand, and the touch of her skin almost melts me on the spot.
She leans over the counter and I can smell her perversion.
"See you soon," she says, and I can't say anything my throat is so dry. I start locking up while she waits for the elevator, but it gets there before I'm done, and I imagine what it would be like to finger her in the mirrored cabin. It's an impossible fantasy, of course, as safety regulations prohibit me from riding the elevator.
After the doors and the cash box are all locked up, I take the stairs to the fourth floor. There's still light coming from underneath one of the doors before Marla's. 402. I make a mental run through the reservations and come up blank. As I come up close to the door however, the sounds coming from the room are unmistakable.
I've been working this hotel for a while now and I know the layout by heart. I know that 402 opens to a closed antechamber, and I could probably peek inside the room without being seen.
I unlock the door with my passkey and gently push it open with my hand from the outside hallway, maintaining plausible deniability, waiting for a cry of shock, of surprise. But the only sounds coming from inside the room are moans and grunts and the slap-slap-slap of flesh on flesh.
I slip out of my shiny leather shoes and step inside the antechamber, the sounds and smells of sex filling my senses. I push myself flat against the partition separating the antechamber from the bedroom proper. Dare I peek?
I dare and am rewarded. I see the king-size bed from my vantage point, pushed up against the opposite wall. The girls are facing the headboard, away from me, as they're getting pounded by two guys I don't remember checking in. It's not an orgy, just two couples fucking on the same bed. The girls don't even play with each other. I'm a little disappointed, but I guess real life isn't like porn.
A burst of clarity permeates my addled brain and I suddenly feel ashamed at this intrusion of privacy. I leave the room and shut the door quietly. I slip my shoes back on and keep walking to 405. Three light knocks. "Reception," I say in a soft voice, as I let myself in with the passkey.
Marla's sitting on the bed, naked but for a pair of silky black thigh-highs and an assorted leather choker. She pays no attention to me, completely engrossed in whatever's happening on her laptop screen. Her legs are splayed wide and she subtly rolls her hips as she types, rubbing her lips on the satin bedspread.
I take off my jacket as I approach the bed and shift my boxers to make room for my growing cock. As I reach Marla, I see that she's on video call with a middle-aged man. Rugged face, short and neat beard, salt-and-pepper hair. Could be me in twenty years, if I'm lucky.
"Ah! This must be the young Alex. I've heard so much about you! I'm Jack," he says as I come into the webcam's frame. I turn to look at Marla.
"The secret to a happy marriage is to tell each othereverything," she says. I turn back to the screen.
"You're the husband? For real? I was starting to think she made you up!"
He chuckles. "No, I'm very real. Unfortunately, I've been delayed, but I'll be in town tomorrow." He sees my disappointment and smiles. "Oh, don't worry. You can still come and play. I like to watch."
I feel Marla stroking me through my pants. "Daddy said I can do anything I want tonight, as long as he's watching..." I swallow hard as I turn to her once more.
"So, um... what do you want to do?" She smiles and bites her lower lip as she leans in and kisses the tip of my penis through my pants. She unsnaps my belt buckle and slowly pulls down the zipper, the sound like thunder in the quiet room. She slips her hands around my hips and reaches under my boxer to grab my cheeks. She caresses me as she moves her arms down, making my pants fall to the floor.
I'm putty in her hands as she turns me around and yanks my boxers down, exposing my ass. She spreads my cheeks and I feel warmth and wetness on my asshole. She's licking me! I groan in surprise and pleasure as she opens me up with her tongue. I hear another zipper sound to my right and look over to see Jack enjoying the show on his webcam, leaning back in his chair, his sizable cock in his hand. "She loves the ass," he says in a conspiratorial tone. And is he winking at me? I swear he's wink- oh my God, she's getting in deep! My toes curl as I "hnf" and roll my eyes in my head.
She spanks me back to reality and I turn around. "Take off the rest of your clothes, come on," she says as she touches herself, and I can smell her arousal from here. I obey and join her on the bed. She leans her head back, slightly parting her lips. "Kiss me," she orders, and I obey, taking her bottom lip between mine, squeezing one hand in the small of her back and the other around her throat. I open her mouth with my lips, seeking her tongue with my own, stroking her hair and the back of her neck. "Hm, so good," she moans, and suddenly pushes me down on my back. She leans down over me and I can feel the warmth of her breath on my cock. I push my hips up, longing for the inside of her throat, but she dodges me. She licks my shaft instead, lathering it in her saliva, before moving to my balls. She kisses them sloppily, and I can feel her spit pooling around my ass.
Then she flips me over and I've got my face in the pillow, and she's got her tongue in my asshole again. I hear her spit in her hand, and then she's stroking my cock while she's tonguing me, and I've never been so high on sex in my life. She shoves me face down on the mattress and I feel her finger probing around where her tongue used to be. "You like that, Daddy?"
"Yes!" Jack and I both say at the same time. I turn my head and see him stroking his big hard cock, wearing a lot less clothes than he was a few minutes ago. He looks like he's sweating, too.
"What do you want me to do next?" she asks him.
"I want to see some anal action," he says with a smile. "You up for it?"
Marla nudges me. "You." Me? Am I up for all my dreams coming true?
"Sure, I could give it a shot, I guess."
Marla nibbles on my ear and whispers, "did you bring that condom?"
I sure did. I take it from my pants and tear it out of the package, trembling as I start to roll it over my cock. Marla grabs my hand, shaking her head.
"Not for you, dummy," she says as she shoves me back face down on the pillow. "For me."
What?
I try to turn my head to look back at her and see her fishing a large, fleshy, double-ended dildo out of her overnight bag. Wait. That escalated quickly.
She pushes one end into her pussy and it slides in like a hot knife in butter. She looks in my eyes as she asks, "want me to fuck you with my big cock?" Strangely, I kind of do. She rolls the condom on the other end of the dildo and starts to stroke my anus with her finger.
"Lube it up, you don't want to tear him apart just yet," chimes in Jack from the laptop.
"Thanks bro," I mutter from the pillow as I feel something cold and wet drip on my tight puckered hole. This whole evening took a very different turn from what I expected, and I'm not sure how I feel ab- "Oh, shit! That's big!" It feels huge in my tiny little asshole.
"That's just my finger," says Marla. She massages my cheeks as she works her finger in and out of my hole. It feels warm and tingly, and strangely pleasurable. This gorgeous woman is fingerfucking my ass and I'm can't get enough of it. I start pushing back as she opens me up and slips another finger inside. She leans on me, her tits rubbing softly against my back as she breathes in my ear, "you want my cock?"
"Yes!"
"Say it."
"I want your cock!"
She curls her finger inside me and I see sparks. I've never felt this good sober.
"Where do you want it?"
Oh, God! She's really going to make me do this? I groan and suddenly feel empty and alone as she removes her fingers. I feel her weight shift in the bed.
"Well, if you don't want to play..."
"I want to play!"
"Then tell me what you want. Come on, you know you want it, you little slut, just say it!"
"Okay, okay! I want you to fuck my ass with your big cock!" Just saying it makes my dick quiver, and for a fraction of a second I think I'm going to regret it as I feel the rubbery tip of the dildo stretch my anus.
But Marla's a pro. She adds more lube and withdraws, then pokes me again. I remember the advice I gave to every girl I've sodomized and push out to let her in. I feel the dildo penetrate me and moan in the pillow as Marla grabs my hips and starts to thrust slowly, feeding me inch after inch of her plastic cock.
I moan like a wanton slut as I roll my hips back and forth to match her thrusts, losing myself in the rhythm and the feeling of fulness in my ass. I've never had so much as a Q-tip back there before tonight, and now I think I'm addicted.
"You like that, babe?"
"I love it," says Jack from the laptop as I moan and groan incoherently, drooling on the pillow. "Look at him shaking his ass like a two-dollar whore, he can't get enough of it!" He's right. I glance at the screen and see him furiously jerking himself, his hand a blur on his cock.
Marla grabs my hair and pulls my head up. "Take it all! Take it all in your ass!" She's pounding me harder and harder, poking my prostate with every stroke. She grabs my chin to turn my head toward the laptop. "Take it all on your face, you dirty slut!"
Jack erupts in a geyser of cum, covering his webcam with his thick cream, and I lick my lips and wonder how it tastes. I've never done anything with a guy, but for a crazy moment I picture myself with Jack's cock in my mouth, feeling it pulsate as it sprays his semen on my tongue. Just the thought of it is so exciting that...
"I'm gonna come!" I whine. Marla stops and pulls out. "No! Don't stop! I want to come. Please!" She flips me over and lifts my ankles to her shoulders as she penetrates me again with the dildo. She spits in her hand and reaches over to grab my cock. She jerks me in rhythm with her thrusting. Down as she thrusts in, up as she pulls out. I can feel my orgasm mounting all the way from the depths of my ass. She pounds me again, and again, and again, and I lose all control. I feel a jolt of electricity deep inside me and the sharpest, most intense pleasure I've ever felt as I spray spurt after spurt all over my chest and face. I open my mouth and catch some on my tongue. It's salty and sweet and it tastes like I'm never going to be the same again.
I suddenly feel very empty as Marla pulls her cock out of me completely. I lay back on the bed covered in my own cum, looking up at Marla's beaming face, her hair matted to her forehead, her skin damp and shimmering in the soft light of the hotel room. She leans into me, caressing my body, licking me, tasting my sweat and cum.
"Was it good for you?" she asks.
"Thank you," I whisper in a final breath before I pass out.