I had woken up groggy 20 minutes before, washed the sleep off my face and thrown on my gym gear: plain white cotton undies, my sports bra, cycle shorts and top. No need for deodorant or to dress up cos I'll end up sweaty and stinky anyway. The stinkier the better when I scrub clean and I happen to love my stink.
Unlike those rich housewife types who go to the gym to flap gums about how many classes they have been to today, I go to the gym to work my ass off. It's a lot of ass. So...
Its cycle challenge class today. 90 minutes of focused effort and pain, paddling and going nowhere. I grit my teeth and wonder for the umpteenth time why I do this to myself as I climb on the narrow bike saddle. I try to get comfy. Impossible. My ass spills to the left and right and I feel my anus press up. Why the hell don't they make these seats bigger?
We start and 15 minutes into it right in the middle of the speed track, I am in the zone and enjoying it. Something registers in the back of my mind. Crap. It is my underwear. The infernal thing had bad elastic and is bunching up and gathering in the crack of my ass with every paddle stroke. This is bad. On normal days, I can't care less about VPL, but this wad of cotton in my ass is just intolerable.
"Turn up the gear and push and pull. Come with me, keep it moving and don't slow down." Gasps my instructor. How do they even talk while their legs go round so quickly they become a blur?
I sit down and turn the gear up and my legs are on fire. As they push and pull, the undies gather around my upper woman bits. Crap. They press my woman lips together and press in until I now feel my clitoris slide against the saddle. And boy do I feel it with every push and pull. Gawd!
"Turn up another gear. That's it. Climb. Climb. We gonna conquer this mountain together". My instructor obviously is really into it as she pumps her legs while standing on the pedals. Do these people breathe?
I'm just trying to cope with my oxygen deprivation, my streaming sweat and my damn lady bits.
"Sit! Sit! Interval training! Don't touch that gear. Power climb everyone!"
I'm powering up alright as the saddle massages my inner thighs and my clit swells with every stroke. This is going to be a helluva ride. I power up as instructed ( cos I'm a good student) and my body tenses with warmth and tension. I can feel my hair stand on its roots and pray the man behind me doesn't notice my bum going all quivery.
"Up up up. Here we go again. Standing climb. Let's go! Turn up that gear! Give me everything you got"
Phew! Every standing climb meant that I didn't have to sit on the saddle and that gave me a break from what I knew was a dangerous situation going on in the nether regions. I have been abstaining from self-induced "happy moments" and haven't touched myself in a week. It was an experiment I read about somewhere that it would heighten orgasms. Stupid me.
"Power climb, class. Don't touch that gear. I can see you, ok?" She is on a roll, my instructor.
I sit down again for my powering up and it all starts very quickly. The caressing of the saddle from left to right made even more painfully pleasurable by the soft pressure of cotton on either side. I am melting into my seat, while still trying to look macho and keeping up with the pace. I don't know if I'm sweating from pain or pleasure or both.
"No more hills or mountains. This is your last stretch. Let's head toward the horizon. Imagine you can see the road ahead and it's clear. We ride as one, Ok? Speed on! Come on warriors!." My instructor hunkers down, looking all determined.
At this point, I am too far gone to stop, so I paddle away like I had wolves nipping at my heels behind me. Hey! I got my own horizon right here. Cumming soon.
As the pleasure builds within like a cresting wave, it explodes to shore as my legs push and pull furiously. My bum bucks on the saddle and my legs slow a little as I groan out loud in pleasure. My whole body rocks in the aftermath. With every quake, I have to try to maintain balance on my bike.
When I come to my senses from my pulsating climax and my ears could hear a bit better, I notice the other gym members had joined me: shouting and groaning as we near the end of this track. Looks like we all worked very hard here!
"Excellent job, class! Great effort! We did it! Breathe..." My instructor is obviously just as keen and happy as I am because she raises two thumbs up and smiles widely.
As we slow down, I shift a little on my bike and stretch to look behind. The man at the back is looking at me oddly but I smile and raise my thumb. He smiles too and raises his hand to high five me. Ooh. He's bald and cute. Never noticed before...
As we clamber down the saddle, I adjust my underwear. It is soaking wet and the elastic is shot so that it came apart from my woman lips and hung loose.
Hmm. Should I bin it or keep it? I think I know what I will decide.
Never underestimate the power and usefulness of good rubber. Otherwise, I have to learn to appreciate the consequences of not having good rubber. Especially between my legs.