She is now my wife but at the time this occurred we were dating. We were fucking like bunnies but she was not even yet my fiance, she was my girl friend. She was beauty queen gorgeous with a great body. She was also an elementary school teacher, second grade if you must know. I was just a good looking guy with a big dick. The sex was interesting and varied. She loved licking and sucking my hard cock and was quite good at it. I loved eating pussy and she never complained while regularly coming to body shaking orgasm. The fucking was very athletic and frequent. We both liked missionary, we both liked doggy, we both loved what I at the time called lazy man sex and what they now call cowgirl. You know, me on my back on the bed and she doing most of the work while riding my big tool. It was evident that she took special pleasure at being the leader of the sex act and we were getting pretty good at reaching her shuddering climax in that position at the same time that my man meat was erupting with a large load deep inside her wonderfully tight pussy. Our sex life was excellent.
As I say we were dating and we ran into a college acquaintance at a weekend political gathering on a bright sunny late summer afternoon. The occasion was a fundraiser for a candidate for Congress. Most of the people there were a bit older and quite a bit wealthier. The event quickly began to lose our interest. We were encouraged to hang around by our friend who was there in a quasi-official capacity. He was an unpaid volunteer for the campaign but he had a nice camera and he was there making sure that anyone who wanted a photo with the candidate got one. It helped with the fundraising. He mentioned to us that it always helped the photo composition if there happened to be an attractive young female in the group.
He meant Marnie.
She certainly fit the bill. She was, and is, about 5 foot 5 and at that time weighed in at 109 pounds. She was fit and thin, dark haired and gorgeous with her best assets being absolutely world class breasts, a very firm set of C+ edging into D cup, sitting high, proud and gorgeous, large on her slender body, but not even the slightest bit oversized. They were perfect, very nice, very large tits.
On this day she thought she was conservatively dressed in tight jeans and one of those long sleeved, gauzy hippie peasant tops. She looked spectacular.
I was the only one there who had seen her in the underwear she was wearing. She had stayed over the previous night (yes, fabulous fucking). I had watched her get dressed in the morning. She had a stunning sheer beige matching bra and panties set. I mean, completely sheer and a color that nearly matched the color of her sun tanned skin. She had to put her underwear on twice that morning because the first time she put it on I got so turned on that I just had to strip it back off and fuck her again. This was a while ago but this was a really memorable experience and my memory of that morning's sex is that it was doggy on the couch in the living room and she was unusually loud. But the neighbor's didn't complain and eventually she managed to get dressed and we got out the door.
When we arrived at the party I got my first good look at her in that afternoon's bright sunlight. The sheer bra she was wearing was so thin and her tan was so dark that the combination of the see through bra and the gauzy top were only barely covering her large lovely breasts. The bra was not enough to hide her breasts and the gauzy top was not enough to hide her breasts. Without that top her breasts would have been completely visible. Without that bra her breasts would have been completely visible. In combination the see through bra and the gauzy top were just barely opaque without doing anything at all to disguise the size and shape of her lovely breasts. Her look was amazing, very tantalizing.
Glenn kept edging around to make sure that she was in lots of the photos he was taking and he was taking lots of them. I noticed that as the sun began to set he often worked his way towards a position from which his view of Marnie had the sun in the background. Marnie had grown interested in the political conversations and oblivious to his presence and photography. I was watching though and I sensed that he was getting some great pictures.
I don't think either of us thought too much about it though. She was fully and she thought modestly dressed and she was out in public. I was comfortable with someone finding her to be attractive. He was not being obnoxious. He was just taking a lot of pictures.
A couple of weeks later we ran into Glenn again at a party at another friend's.
We were standing on the deck having a glass of wine when he mentioned the photos.
Marnie was curious. Glenn invited us over to his place to look at them. When the party started to wind down we drove over to Glenn's to take him up on the viewing the photos. And they were fabulous. Particularly the late afternoon silhouette shots were hot, hot, HOT. The shape of her breasts was quite evident in several photos, including a couple taken with the candidate. You could never actually make out her nipples but the photos exposed her breasts in a way that was really very erotic. Marnie seemed a little unsure. She liked the photos but she wasn't quite sure about having exposed so much without realizing it. But no one could deny, and she didn't, that some of the pictures were really good.
Glenn hesitated but then almost blurted out, "I would love a chance to take some more photos of you. Of just you. I am sure we could get some really fabulous stuff."
She was interested, I could tell. We had had a couple of glasses of wine at the earlier party. I know she was a little tipsy and I sensed that the alcohol was lowering her inhibitions. She wasn't much for showing off but the evidence was right there in front of her. He had done a nice job of catching her at her best. She looked really good in those photos and I could see that she was considering Glenn's proposal for taking a few more..
Glenn ventured on. "We could try a couple right now if you want to get a feel for it. I've got a studio set up in the back."
I looked at her and I could almost see the wheels turning. "Maybe a couple" is what she said.
We headed into the back bedroom. Glenn had converted it into a studio with some professional looking lights and a screen backdrop, a four poster bed pushed into one corner. He went around flipping on some lights while Marnie looked on nervously. He connected a nearby cable to his camera and said, "We can start just the way you are."
She was wearing a sleeveless summer button up blouse, buttoned all the modesty way up, but her shortest shorts, a pretty snug set of hemmed denims reaching barely to the bottom of the curve of her shapely ass, with sensible but sexy strap sandals. It was a summer blouse and it was nominally modest but it WAS a summer blouse and it just didn't do much to camouflage her really fabulous tits. She yet again looked fabulous.
She still seemed pretty nervous, perhaps a bit uncertain about what he meant by "start" and "just the way you are" as if there was going to be something beyond "start" that she hadn't yet considered and as if there was something other than "just the way you are". She had agreed to having a couple of pictures taken but suddenly there loomed the possibility of something slightly other than that. Glenn moved around in front of her and before she had much of a chance to reconsider he clicked the shutter, the lights fired and he had begun.
Whatever her misgivings she seemed to put them aside and turned her attention to the camera in front of her. She turned on her smile and started to relax into the moment. She began to pose.
At first all was pretty quiet except for the shutter. He moved around a bit trying different angles. She was a little stiff, not quite used to this type of attention, but rather quickly started to relax and appeared to be enjoying herself. Soon he began to offer posing suggestions and requests. She relaxed as a cooperative mood developed between the two and she was soon responding to his voice.
I moved to the back of the room and found a spot on a chair to watch. I was rather quickly getting a little turned on. This girl was gorgeous and very hot and she was getting into the idea of portraying those qualities for the photographer in front of her.
The atmosphere in the room was electric when Glenn called a short halt, proclaiming that he needed a drink. He left the studio but quickly returned with a bottle of wine and three glasses. We all took a glass. As we savored the wine Glenn said, "Geez, Marn. I think this is really going well. But I think I would like to change things up just a little bit."
"How so?" she asked.
"Well . . ." and he paused. "I wonder if you would please unbutton your blouse."
And she did. Completely without hesitation or fumbling she started undoing the front of her blouse. When she released the last button the blouse fell open revealing her flat stomach and a black lace bra. This one was also pretty sheer but unlike her sheer beige set, this one had some embroidered lacy bits denying a completely clear view of her nipples. It denied a clear view of her nipples but other than that the bra was quite sheer and her breasts were on display. The sheer fabric was only disguising her breasts. It was well short of denying a nearly complete view of the shape and size of her wonderful big tits. There she stood letting Glenn have a good look and then she asked, "How do you want me to pose?" She was a little bit tipsy and a lot turned on but she was suddenly having fun and wanted to keep on going.
The clicking began again and now she was eagerly responding to his requests. Hands on hips, pushing the blouse back, offering a view of her bra. Blouse pulled down off her shoulders, another tantalizing view of the nearly see through black lace. And then, almost abruptly, she dropped the blouse onto the floor. It felt like all of the air had been sucked out of the room. I noticed with some surprise that my dick was stirring in my pants, about halfway to being hard.
"Are your panties as sexy as that bra?" Glenn asked.
She smirked. "Well, I sure think so," she replied as her hands moved to the button on the front of her shorts. "Why don't we see what you think?" She popped the button, lowered the short zipper, and bent at the waist as she lowered the garment to the floor.
Tiny. Black. A few bits of lacy obstruction low down on the front. Completely sheer on the back and sides. Another matching set, mostly but not quite completely sheer.
Stunning. Absolutely stunning. She was not naked but the clothing that she did have on only served to tantalize by enhancing the view of her very nearly naked undeniable beauty. She was my girlfriend. I was regularly naked with her but at this moment she was sexier than I had ever seen her before. She was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.
She turned back towards the camera and to his credit Glenn recognized the talent, beauty and opportunity being presented to him. He set about trying to get as much of this photographed as possible before she sobered up and came to her senses. The camera began to click again.
She had such a great body and that underwear wasn't really hiding any of it. The front view was definitely magazine worthy but the first time she turned to the side I groaned aloud. The embroidered bits were around on the front. From the side nothing was left to the imagination. The wisps of sheer black fabric across her hips and lifting her breasts created stunning pictures and Glenn and his camera could see it all. She now clearly recognized this and was enjoying being nearly naked for our enjoyment. I had never before seen her like this but I knew that I approved. Glenn kept working.
Soon she moved to the bed where she knelt, body upright. She spread her knees apart for balance and we could see the crotch of her panties. This all occurred before girls started routinely shaving so she had pubic hair. However, she was well trimmed. I know this to be true because we had fallen into the habit of me doing the trimming. A small scissors followed by a thorough licking was our regular routine always ending in one of those deep shuddering orgasms. She wasn't completely sure about the trimming but she tolerated it because she loved the licking. The result of the trimming was only a hint of her bush was now visible through her sheer panties.
Glenn kept working. Marnie crossed her left arm across her body underneath her breasts, lifting and offering them to the camera. There was only a very skimpy piece of sheer material covering her and by lifting her breasts she exposed some stunning cleavage. Glenn moved closer to the bed and kept firing away. She smiled impishly and moved her right hand to her left bra strap, pushing it down off her shoulder. I may have groaned aloud again. I know that I was now hard as a rock.
Glenn took another burst of shots and then stepped closer to the bed and for the first time helped her. The atmosphere positively crackled as he leaned over and pushed the right bra strap off of her shoulder leaving the bra supported only by her stunning breasts. This time the moan came from Marnie. His hand lingered near her shoulder for an instant and then his fingers trailed down her front to the tops of her breasts as he withdrew. She shivered with arousal, straightened and suddenly blurted out, "Oh the hell with it. Make sure you get this." She pushed her chest out as she reached around behind herself with both hands. She was taking her time and the camera was indeed catching the details of her nearly completely uncovered breasts being thrust forward. The hands behind her undid the clasp of her bra and she let the tiny garment slide off of the front of her body. The camera clicked several more times and then the two men in the room paused, stunned by her beauty. She only said, "I've always wondered what this would feel like. Let's get some pictures to remember."
Glenn paused before again raising the camera. "My god, you are even more gorgeous than I imagined. I am so very pleased you decided to do this." And he leaned over and kissed her on the lips. I should have been upset or at least surprised but there was an air in the room and evident chemistry between the two of them that made it alright even when she returned his kiss. As the kiss deepened he reached and touched her shoulder and as the kiss became prolonged his left hand trailed down her front and cupped her breast. Marnie moaned in appreciation as the two of them broke off the kiss. He continued for just a bit to fondle her breast as she looked up at him.
He raised the camera and started taking pictures, almost as it had been before. Except now she was half naked. He was seeing her naked breasts and he had touched them. Something had forever changed. Only a couple of minutes and a half dozen shutter clicks went by before he asked for her panties. Without hesitation she slipped them off and instead of dropping them to the floor she handed them over to her newest admirer. He smiled and slipped them into his pants pocket.
She resumed her kneeling position on the bed only now instead of seeing the crotch of her panties we were looking at and he was taking pictures of her naked vagina. As I said, her pubic hair was trimmed short and now clearly visible was her engorged and open labia, swollen and red, exposing pink at her core. She was very obviously aroused. She slightly changed positions and then leaned back raising her feet onto the bed. Every so deliberately she began to spread her legs giving an even more graphic and detailed look at her moist secret area. This beautiful creature wanted the camera to see everything.
After a short bit he suggested to her "Maybe we should try some action shots".
"Action shots?" she inquired. "What do you mean, action shots."
"I mean a second actor in the frame. Or maybe two." he added, for the first time in a long time glancing over at me.
She said slowly, "No, I don't think so," and the atmosphere in the room for the first time since the very first click seemed to cool just a bit. But she was too slow. Before she finished saying the words I was out of my shirt and halfway across the room with my trousers falling into a puddle at my feet.
She seemed a little alarmed but by then I was on the bed with her, pushing her back and gently spreading her legs. I got between her legs and began kissing my way up from her ankles towards that glorious naked pussy. In a couple of seconds I was there and her reluctance vanished as I began to nibble at her engorged clitoris.
She began making sounds. Sounds that said louder than words that she liked it. I began to hear the camera clicking again as she laid back and started to get into it. She had left my apartment that day as a demure second grade teacher but by the time she got home she was going to be a full fledged naked sex model. And Glenn would have the pictures to prove it. She was now naked on her back with a naked man eating her pussy while the camera continued to record her actions. Action shots indeed.
I love eating pussy and I was loving this. I noticed though that she seemed briefly distracted and then changed her position slightly, scooting her head over towards the edge of the bed. I glanced up to see that Glenn had moved closer to the bed and was now taking the photos from close to where her head was. And then I watched as he unbuckled his belt and let his trousers fall. I have a pretty big cock so I wasn't intimidated but what I saw was that Glenn was himself a pretty big boy. He was quite erect. Marnie reached out her hand and took a firm grip. She started to pump his boner and he reacted with a moan. She pulled him closer and he dipped slightly bringing his erection into contact with her cheek. I noticed that he was still taking pictures and I am certain she noticed too. This was confirmed for me when she spoke quietly, saying only "Okay." She looked up towards the camera, adjusted her position slightly and her tongue appeared. She slowly began to lick just the head causing him to gasp with pleasure. The camera clicked. I couldn't help myself at this point my right hand sought out my own erection and I began to slowly masturbate even as I continued offering my date oral pleasure. She squirmed around just a bit and then slipped the head of his dick past her lips and into her mouth. The camera clicked. And kept on clicking as her mouth moved up and down, wet and sloppy, sucking hard, taking most of his dick into her mouth on every stroke.
I knew she was good and knew he wouldn't last long with that talented mouth working on his sex organ. But he was still diligently working his craft. Once he became aware that I was aware of what was going on he slowed her down and started giving directions. He instructed her to stop with his dick fully into her mouth and to look up at the camera, letting the camera see her eyes with her mouth completely full. He had her do that shot popular in porn videos where she puffed out her cheek with the head of his dick. And looked up at the camera. Click and click again. He posed her with just the head of his dick in her mouth. Click. He posed her with her lips just cradling the crown, his dick only at the portal of her mouth. Click. He was careful and craftsmanlike. Every shot gave a clear view of her face, every shot made it clear that she was sucking his dick.
She knew what she was doing and she was getting off on it as soon she began to shudder and I sensed the familiar beginnings of her orgasm. I continued to lick her pussy and sure enough, she came. She came hard with Glenn's big dick lodged in her throat but only my tongue in her snatch. Her orgasm face indicated a particularly intense orgasm and Glenn stayed busy. Click. Click. Click.
I paused in the licking to let her recover a bit and she let his organ slide out of her mouth. She waited a few seconds and then said, "Somebody please fuck me." I am pretty sure that her intention was that it be me.
Glenn looked towards me, an inquiry in his glance. I knew what he was thinking and it felt to me like it would be incredibly hot. I rose from the bed and walked around to where he was standing and slipped my achingly hard dick into her wet and willing mouth. Glenn paused only a second to get a couple of pictures of her with two penises in her face and then moved off to the other end.
She was working hard on my dick and didn't seem to notice at first but suddenly there he was, between her legs, rubbing the head of his dick up and down in her warm slot. Click. Click. He was still taking pictures and the slight delay gave her time to realize that it was me in her mouth and a completely strange dick about to enter her pussy to give her the fucking she had just requested.
He paused briefly and said, "I am coming in bareback. Is that okay?" Her mouth was full but she did not object. She was taking birth control so pregnancy was not a risk. This was a while ago and STDs had not yet become the scourge that they eventually became so bareback was actually the norm and was plenty okay with the hugely aroused second grade teacher. He entered her, sliding first just a couple of inches in bareback. Click. He withdrew and paused to get a picture of his hard penis wet with her juices. Click. He pushed forward again, this time getting nearly half of his considerable manhood buried. Click. A couple of more pushes and he was, as the saying goes, balls deep and bare back. He started to move rhythmically in and out and at last his concentration wavered. He still snapped an occasional picture but mostly his lost himself in the ecstasy of fucking this exquisite creature.
Meanwhile that exquisite creature was working herself towards a second orgasm while experiencing her first spit roast. She was trying very hard to please the two men she was having sex with and she very soon was getting the hang of it. She was aware of and maintained a good response to Glenn's thrusting and also seemed to be concentrating hard on getting me off. Her tongue swirled around the head of my dick and she kept the suction going. I began to feel that familiar tingling deep in my scrotum and I knew I would be cumming soon.
It was unbelievably intense. But we all managed to pick up the intensity just a bit and we all exploded into orgasm all within a few seconds of each other. I was first. I know that the popular porn version would be to pull out and come on her face but I preferred the sensation of staying inside her warm and enticing mouth and emptying my load there and that is what I did as she gulped desperately trying to drink all of my large load without wasting any. She almost did but this time I outdid myself and there was so much that some escaped her mouth and trickled down her cheek.
That set her off and she came next, shuddering and shaking as her second orgasm overtook her. I knew from experience with her that her vagina was flexing and squeezing as she came and that set Glenn off. He roared with pleasure and pumped his semen into the most beautiful woman he would ever fuck in his life, shooting his load into her unprotected vagina.
Frankly, we were all a bit stunned by what had just occurred and our post coital let down lasted for a couple of minutes. We all just collapsed on the bed waiting for our breathing and heart rates to return to something closer to normal.
Every diligent, Glenn was the first to recover and we all heard the click as he documented the cream pie that he had left in my girl friend, then a few more clicks as he recorded her just fucked look of satisfaction, naked and gorgeous with a trickle of cum on her cheek. He interrupted his work to provide her with some tissues for her to remove the last visible traces on her face of our excellent adventure.
It had been pretty intense and I noticed that Glenn didn't seem to be completely over it. Marnie had assembled her clothes including reclaiming her panties from Glenn's trouser pocket. She bent and lifted her delicate foot off the floor meaning to slide it into her panties to start to get dressed. Glenn looked on appreciatively and once again raised his camera. Lounging around the studio with this beautiful naked girl had caused his penis to start to stiffen again and he was already about half way to full wood. Marnie noticed too and dropped the panties back onto the floor. The next time he passed near her she reached out and touched his hip. She was still naked as she slipped gracefully to her knees and turned him towards her. She looked up at him and smiled. "I thought we were going to get a chance to finish this," she said and slipped the head of his dick into her mouth again.
He groaned with pleasure but still didn't forget what he wanted to do as the camera began clicking. He had already cum once and my girl friend was going to have to work to get him to cum again. But it soon became apparent that he was highly motivated by her beauty and her technique as within only a few strokes he was back to full erection. She murmured appreciatively and set to work, bobbing her head as she tried to extract his second load of cum.
I looked on as the familiar sounds returned to the studio.
*slurp* Click. *slurp* Click.
And much sooner than I expected it was over. Glenn moaned audibly as he pulled his dick from her mouth. Unlike me, he apparently wanted to have visual confirmation of this second load. With one hand he tilted her head back as his other hand began flashing up and down finishing what she had started. I must admit for a second ejaculation it was very impressive. With a final grunt he started to cum, shooting a long and thick rope of cum out of his cock. It splattered across her face, reaching from her chin to her hair line. And he did it again, and then a third and a fourth time. She was a mess but he wasn't quite through. He brought his dick up to her face and let loose with several more dribbles as he used his tool to smear the cum from her nose onto her cheeks. Her face was almost completely covered. Letting his dick rest on her lips, he said, "One last smile for the camera." Click, click, click.
And we were done.
We got ourselves dressed and headed for my apartment. Once there she got a second load of cum out of me too. We were both still really turned on and we barely made it through the door of my apartment before we threw off our clothes for some loving and vigorous missionary on the floor in front of the couch.
That was the moment when I knew she was the one for me. A couple of weeks later I asked her and she said yes. We have been married ever since.
Glenn came over later that week and game us a copy of all of the pictures. I still have that album and take it out occasionally to review that extremely erotic event. He said he wanted to keep a copy and we didn't really object. Perhaps we should have, but we didn't.
We have never really done group sex since then. Marnie is actually a bit conservative and having once had the experience she has never felt motivated to do it again. Our sex is vigorous and varied. She is willing to try anything at least once as I suppose is evidenced by her willingness to once try a spit roast.
Several years have passed and those photos haven't to our knowledge shown up on the internet yet. We talk about it some times and we have decided that that evening had and still has special meaning for Glenn and he still wants to keep those memories to himself.