I woke up early today and realize Friday is finally here. I have been planning for today since last Saturday. Last Saturday, I decided to create a photo album of myself in different states of dress and performing various sexual acts. My plan was to create this as a father's day present for my husband. Once I got started, I change my mind and I came up with a new plan to give this out to a select group of people that my husband and I have played around with in the past. My list is Scott my boss, John who is the shop floor supervisor at work, Jason and Lisa my husband's nephew and his new wife, Ryan who is Lisa 18 year old brother, and Frank who is our 80-year-old neighbor at our cottage.
Scott and John are part of this list by accident. I never planned to have either of these guys take part in my adventures. I prefer not mixing my personal life with my business life. They showed up one weekend unexpected at are cottage. If you would like to know more about what happened read my stories about opening up the cottage for the year.
Anyway, last weekend I had Jay my neighbor's youngest son takes some pictures and videos for this album. If you want to know why I used Jay, you can read my Memorial Day story or my day at the cottage story to learn more about him. While we were taking the pictures, I came up with a wild idea about how I would give the album to both Scott and John. The plan was to set up a video conference with Scott, John, and I at work in the conference room. My husband would be on the other end of the video conference so that he can see what is going on in the room.
My agreement with my husband is that if I am going to play he needs to be a part of it and the same goes for him. The video conference was a good way to do this. Our office closes early on Fridays during the summer and Scott lets the guys in the shop go home early. Scott and John both work the full day. I set the call up for Friday at 1 p.m. I told them that one of our customers wants to make a presentation to us to make sure they both are there. I plan to wear the bra and sheer skirt I wore in the pictures (see below) under my skirt and top. When I start the slide show, I plan a slow strip tease and follow the action as best I can that is on the screen. I tell my husband he will have to control the presentation so that I can keep up with the action on the screen.
My husband has taking over the editing of the presentation. I have had to put on my outfit several times throughout the week so that he could take additional picture for the presentation. He has told me that he does have a few surprises planned and that I need to go with the flow as they happen. I cannot wait. I have already packed my toys to take with me and have them in the car ready to go.
I have been so horny all week. I know I have fucked my husband at least three times a day. As I am laying here in bed, waiting to get up I can feel my husband lying next to me. I can tell he is still sleeping but I am horny and need to cum at least once before I head to work. I pull the sheets off us and slide down so that my face is even with his cock. I lean over, take the whole thing in my mouth, and play with it with my tongue. As it starts to get harder and longer I begin to move up and down on it letting it slide all the way in and out of my mouth. Once I have his cock completely hard I climb on top of him. He is now awake and letting me control the action.
I slide his cock into my pussy and slowly work him in and out of me. I ask him if he is ready for his little slut to put on a show today. He laughs and tells me he always wants to watch me. He says that I am the one that needs to be ready. He asked me have I thought about how I was going to feel striping in the conference room in front of my boss and John, on a video conference, and in front of the glass wall of the conference room. Did I think about the chance that someone else from the office might see you or hear you? He asked me have I thought about having Scott and John fucking me on the table while people are watching on the camera or through the glass wall of the conference room. The whole time he is playing with my nipples and sucking on them as I am fucking him. When I finally cum I lie down on top of him and tell him I have been thinking of all of that and more all week.
I head into the shower and shave. I Love to have a soft smooth pussy while someone is licking and fucking me. I put on my normal makeup to head to work but have packed my dark makeup I like to have on when I am playing. I first put on my black sheer bra with the rhinestones and making sheer black skirt and top it off with sheer black stockings. I then put on a normal top and a skirt that is not to short but if Scott looks out from his office would be able to notice the stocking tops. I also wear my normal heels. I have packed my 6' platform strappy heels to put on later. My plan is to change during lunch and have the video conference set up before Scott and John get in to the room. As I am leaving for work my husband tells me to remember just go with whatever happens during the presentation. I ask if I should be worried about his plan and he tells me not worry but plan on me being surprised. He tells me the meeting will start as if it is a real meeting. I should just go with the flow of things. I should watch my phone for text that might give me some instructions.
When I get to my desk at work, I look around because I feel like everyone is watching me. It seems like they know something is up. I am sure it is because of how excited I am. As I sit down I notice Scott is watching me from his desk but he does that all the time. I think he likes to see what I have on and if he is going to be able to see up my skirt or down my shirt each day. Without out looking up at him, I spread my legs enough that I am sure he can tell I am wearing stocking today and he might even be able to tell I have no panties on.

When I open up my outlook, I notice I have an email from my husband. In it, he tells me that our little video conference will be international. He says I am to tell Scott and John that the call will have people from three different continents attending. I am to tell them that the customer is looking for some specialty items to promote their new fashion line. He say not to worry about who is there but one of the people on the line will be running the conference. He says he did not want to talk because both Scott and John would know it was him right away.
Now I am really freaking out. My husband works as a consultant and has worked all over the world for many companies. I am trying to figure out who he is going to have on the conference and what he has told them. I email him back and ask him who he invited and what he told them. After a half hour or so he writes me back telling me that he has invited some of his friends that he has worked with in the past. He tells me I have meet each of them and he knows that they all though I was good looking and have giving him complements in the past about me. He also tells me he has only told one of them what is really happening that the others on the call really think this is a meeting trying to start up a new business venture with my company. Just so you know, my company is a marketing and promotional material manufacture. Our company makes many of the little items that companies give away to promote their products or events.
Scott comes over to my desk around 11 or so and tells me John and he need to go out but will be back in plenty of time for the call. He also asked for more information about who the company is and what they are looking for. I tell him only the information my husband gave me and that we should make sure to be on time because of the difference in the time zones. He tells me not to worry he and John would be there. Before he leaves, he tells me he likes the outfit and loves the stocking. I give him a slap on the leg and ask him how he knows what I am wearing under my skirt. He just laughs and tells me a little birdie told him.
By noon, almost everyone in the office is cleared out and by 12:15, the shop floor is dark. I head into the conference room, set everything up, and connect to the conference. I want to make sure my husband is able to get in. He is there and tells me how to adjust the cameras for the call. I have one pointing at the end of the table where Scott and John will be. I have one pointing to the other end of the table where I plan to put on my little show. This camera will show the front of me when I am facing Scott and John. I have the other camera at that end pointed at the table so that it will show a close up of my pussy or ass when facing away from where Scott and John will be sitting.
I start up the two big display screens we have. The first screen I set up to show the presentation and videos of any one joining the conference. The other I set to show our three cameras. My husband has me stand in front of the two cameras to make sure the video will be clear enough. I can clearly see myself and I sit down on the table and spread my legs. I can clearly see my pussy and my husband tell me the same thing.
By 12:30, I am in the bathroom putting on my makeup and changing into my shoes. I undo a few buttons so that I am showing a lot of cleavage. On the walk back to the conference room I pass one of the guys from marketing on his way out and see him give me the once over and then back down to look at my shoes. I can see him in the reflection off the glass in front of me. He does a total 180 and watches me until I am inside of the conference room. As I set down at the conference room table, my husband tells me to move a little more to the right so that he has a good shot down my shirt.
I have my lap top open and can see the other four people on the conference have logged on but three of them have not been accepted yet. The first name on the list is my husband not using his normal log on. The next name is Eric. Eric runs a company in England that my husband has worked for several times and we have gone out with a few times while I was there with him. The next name is Tim. Tim is another consultant who works with my husband. He is from Taiwan but works in Japan. I meet him once and he seemed nice. The last name is Jeff, who is also a consultant. He grows up in South Africa but works mainly in Europe and the Middle East. I ask my husband is he ready to have these guys know what he does in his spare time and he tell me that Eric has known for a long time and he has hinted at it with Tim and Jeff and he thinks they will be more then ok with it. By 10 till I see Scott and John come back into the office and I tell my husband that they are on their way. He say to get them ready and then start the conference with everyone.
As Scott and John come into the room, they both give me a look like wow. Scott says nice shoes. I tell him sorry about this but I need to head out right after the call and figured that the people on the call will not see my shoe so I figured it would be safe. I tell them everyone is on the line and that they should set down and get ready. I tell them to be careful of what they do because I am turning on the cameras for the call but do not know if they will or not.
I start the conference and accept each of the people. Everyone on the call introduces themselves and Scott introduces himself and John, who he tells them is his main person on the production side of the business. He then introduces me as his assistant. I have Eric on the screen but no one else has turned their camera on. Eric starts by thanking Scott and John for taking the time to talk to him and then he thanks me for setting up the call and that it was very nice to see me after the number of calls we have had. He tells me that I look even better than he imaged and that all assistants should look as good as I do. Scott and John get this strange look on their face as if they cannot believe someone on a business call would talk like this. I tell Eric thank you and that it would be nice if everyone would give out such nice complements.
Eric asks if it would be all right if we changed the presenter to my husband and then he would walk us through the presentation. I give the permission to him and I then see a Power point show up on the screen. I get a text from my husband telling me to undo another button and to let just the top of my bra show. Eric is taking to the first sheet of the presentation I try to act normal and slowly undo a button and open my cleavage a little more.
Eric is now telling everyone how his company has been targeting upscale urban professional women. That his company is tired of women in the work place pretending that they are just employees and forgetting that they are also females. That they felt it was time for women to be women no matter where they were. He tells them they have been very successful in both England and France and that they are ready to move into the US market with our help. The next screen comes up and it shows a lady in a short red skirt and white shirt that is cut down so low that the top of her breast are showing. She is talking to two guys dressed in suites and they all look like they are having a good time.
Eric asks us what we thought of the clothes the model is wearing. He tells us that this is one example of what they will be selling. Scott tells him he loves the look but cannot believe women here in the states would be willing to go to work like that. Eric then asked me if I like it. I tell him it is great but think Scott might be right. Eric then asked Scott if he minded him using his lovely assistant for a little demo. Scott says he did not but it was up to me. I tell Eric sure; I have no problems with this. Eric tells everyone how he has been working with me over the last week and would like to go over some of them now.
The next screen of the presentation shows me in the cloths that I have on. Scott looks at the picture of me and then asks me what is going on. Eric keeps his composure and tries to keep the call going. He tells Scott that he asked me earlier in the week if I would be willing to help him out and that I had accepted. He asked everyone for thoughts on my outfit. Everyone for the most part says it is nice and I look good in it. The next screen comes up. This shot shows me in the same top but with several of the buttons undone. The top is pulled back to show off the top of my bra and chest. My skirt is pulled up a little so that it is now about four inches above my knees and just the top of my stocking is showing.
Eric then asked everyone on the call again what they think. This time Scott and John both give me a look like is this real. Both Tim and Jeff are saying how they much prefer this look to the last. Eric then asked me if I could show them how that looks in person so I stand up and undo another button and pull my shirt back off my shoulders and roll the top of my skirt up so that the hem of the skirt moves up to show off the top of my stockings. Scott and John are just looking at me and not saying anything. Eric pretending this is normal goes on about how he thinks many women would feel more empowered. He thinks they would not have to worry so much about trying to look professional. They could just be themselves. Tim and Jeff are adding in how they like it. Both agree this would make going to work much more interesting.
Eric then tells them that they are going to go over the next few slides a little quicker and asked me if I would not mind mimicking the action on the screen. I tell him sure if I can keep up. I then move down to the other end of the table where I have the other camera set. When I get there, I notice my husband has changed to displays so the first display is showing the front of me and the other is showing my backside.
When the next slide comes up it shows me with all of the buttons undone and shows me with my black bra with the rhinestones. I undo my last few buttons and pull my shirt open. Scott and John are now just sitting there and watching. The next slide comes up and it shows me bending over with my regular skirt sliding down the back of my legs leaving me in my sheer skirt that matches my bra showing. I turn my back to Scott and John and bend over and reach back behind me and first slowly unzip my skirt and slowly slide it down my legs until it is on the floor.

The next slide shows me face the camera and I have my hands on my hips. I turn around and let my shirt slide off and onto the floor. I look right at Scott and John.