Sue called me, saying she was bored and wanted to do something. I said I'd come over and pick her up.
I pulled up in my van, and she was just locking her front door. She came over in her summer dress and sneakers, and got in.
I pulled away, and said "what did you have in mind?"
"Anything," she said.
"OK, well first take off the dress," I said.
Off it came. She had white lacy boy shorts on underneath.
"Those too," I said.
She took them off, and sat there in just her sneakers, covering her nipples with her arms, but making her tits squish together. At a stop sign, I picked up her clothes from the floor and threw them backwards into the van.
We drove to another town, where nobody would recognize us. As we got to a shopping mall, I pulled in to a burger restaurant drive through, and told her to relax and look normal. We pulled up to the first window, and I asked the server for a small Coke, with just a little ice. He stared at Sue sitting there like it was perfectly normal to be sitting naked in a van. She turned and smiled at him, and I had to repeat my order. He took my money and mumbled "second window," while still staring at Sue.
We pulled up to the second window, and apparently it takes four people to serve a Coke these days. They stared, I took the soda and drove off.
"Where are my manners?" I said, "did you want a drink?"
"I'll just drink some of yours," she said.
"No you won't," I said, "you might have cooties"
I drove over towards another drive through place, stopping just before I got there.
"What would you like?" I asked.
"Diet Coke?"
"OK, how about this time you suck my dick for a while?"
She reached over, undoing my shorts and pulling my dick out. She laid down and put it in her mouth, holding it there while she ran her tongue over the head. I pulled up to the order menu.
"A diet Coke, please," I said.
When we were told to pull up to the window, I told her to start bobbing her head so they'd see her better. She did, so it was obvious what was going on from the window. I paid, and the guy just stared at her head, going up and down. He brought over her drink, and handed it to me, grinning at me.
As I pulled away, she let go of my dick and put it away. We parked in the middle of the parking lot, and drank our sodas.
"How are you doing?" I asked.
"OK," she said, "this is scary, but fun."
She finished her soda, and the cup was still full of ice. I took a cube, and rubbed it over her nipples until it melted, leaving wet lines down her front. She'd gasped and bit her lip when the ice cube touched her, so I did the same with another cube. The third cube went to her pussy, and I rubbed it around in her pubic hair as it melted. The fourth cube touched her clit, and drove her over the edge. She came sitting in my van in front of a shopping mall.
"Do you want to do some shopping?" I asked.
"Sure," she said.
"OK, get out," I said, "and I'll go and find your dress."
She got out, and stood behind the door of the van so people were less likely to notice her. I stepped into the back of the van and found her dress. I opened the sliding door, and got out. I closed the sliding door, then closed her door, locking up. Then I gave her her dress, and she quickly put it on.
"Let's go," I said.
We walked in to the mall, and the blast of air conditioned air at the doors made Sue's nipples go stiff. It was nice to see. I thought we should look at some high heels, so we headed to a women's shoe shop.
The assistant was probably in his early twenties, and came to see what we'd like. I said we were looking for some white high heels, the higher the better. He asked her size, and I said I didn't know. He told us to sit down, and went to get the measure.
When he came back, she stood up. He told her to take her shoes off, so she bent at the waist and untied them, pushing them off with the other foot and I thought he'd probably seen quite a way down her dress. She sat down to take her socks off, and I thought he'd probably seen quite a way up her dress, too.
He put the silly little hose sock things they use on her feet, then measured one, then the other foot.
Collecting his measure, he headed off to put that back and get some shoes. When he got back, he put her feet into some 3" heels. He said with small feet like hers, anything higher would need platforms, and they didn't sell those. He was sitting on the floor, looking at her feet as she stood there with the shoes on. He suggested she try walking in them, and she did, up and down.
She sat down, and he rushed over to take them off. He lifted her first foot up, the hem of her dress lifted a bit and he must have been able to see all the way up her dress, as he seemed to lose track of what he was doing. He recovered, and took the shoe off. He did the same with the other foot, and the hem lifted a bit further. He took the shoe off, and stuttered about how did she like it. Sue said she wanted to see if she could get some platforms, and thanked him for his time.
She bent forward to take the hose socks off, and he said "allow me."
He lifted her foot in the air again and took her sock off. Same thing with the other foot. By now her hem was almost at her pussy. He went through the whole lifting her foot charade again to put her socks and sneakers on, and I helped her stand up, where she smoothed her dress back down.
He was grinning when we left, and said he hoped to see her again.
We went to a grungy skate type shop, where I found a T-shirt I said I wanted to see her in. She looked around for a changing room, but I said here would be fine. There weren't any customers on our aisle right now, so I suggested she be quick. She pulled the dress over her head, gave it to me and took the T-shirt from me. She pulled it on over her head, and struggled to get it over her tits and pull it down over her hips. It barely covered her butt, and it was pretty obvious that she didn't have a skirt or shorts on underneath it.
"What do you think?" I asked.
"I don't know," she said, looking down at it.
"Why don't you go and look in the mirror over there?" I said, pointing at the mirror at the end of the main aisle. She took a deep breath and walked over there, and checked herself out in the mirror as if everything were totally normal.
"I don't like the design," she said.
"OK, take it off."
She found this a little harder, as people could definitely see her now, and having seen her, were watching to see what would happen next. She pulled the T-shirt off over her head, so now they could all see her naked back, then walked back over to me. Everybody was staring at her. She handed me the T-shirt, and I put it back on the hangar and hung it up. Then I gave her her dress. She pulled it over her head, but I grabbed it so she couldn't get it on any further, so she stood there struggling to get it on. After a few seconds, I let go, so her head popped out.
"Is there anything you'd prefer?" I asked.
"I don't think so," she said, blushing. "Can we go?"
We left, passing people who didn't seem to believe what they'd just seen.
"Anything else?" I asked.
"No, let's go home and have some fun," she said.
We walked out to the van, and Sue handed me her dress before getting in. On the way back to her place, we stopped at another drive through and I ordered a Coke. When we pulled up at the second window, Sue's seat was partially back, her legs were wide open and two of my fingers were buried in her pussy, with my thumb against her clit. I looked up at the server, shrugged and paid him, then we left. She came again before we got to our freeway exit, and sucked my fingers clean. In her parking lot, she got in the back and collected her dress and panties, putting the dress on before getting out. I stayed in the van, and told her to come over to my place when she was ready, as I had some stuff to do at home so I didn't want to come in.