ATTENTION! DETENTION! Who's the Drill Instructor here? You or...guess it's you. Hot as hell in here!
*
Clockwatching...not to be mistaken for cockwatching...Piper Cherry was capable of both...
"Ugggggh! Almost that time. My second day on the job and I get to deal with Detention. At least I didn't have too right out of the gate yesterday thanks to Roger Dundee. After all that craziness over Travis today this has got to be a piece of cake. Sad thing is the jokers who did that shit to the poor kid...hell even Sable McKellen are no closer to being discovered than when we started. Carl really should have had more cameras trained in the gym, God knows he has them everywhere they shouldn't be. We don't have a clue who was behind it to even punish them, be it upstairs in Detention or kicking them out of school. I hope to hell some of these punks we detained earlier are fun or I'm gonna pull out my curls, hell by 5:00 my curls might be straightened." She knew that the third floor heat was going to be miserable being so near the rooftop. "This job is stressing me out and it's barely begun. Time to lighten things up." She scoots her swivel chair back with a wobbly wheel, and frowns at it. "I suppose with budget cuts I'll be buying a new chair with my own moolah. Fans too for upst...shoot! I forgot there's no power up there either. For God's sake! Who is Carl punishing more the detainees or his faculty members?"
Slipping her heels back on she stands up and digs a wedge out of her undies, "Yeah! So gone by tomorrow Swingshot. I'd have skipped out on these if it weren't for making a good first impression on the Teacher's. Students will get used to me going Commando." Tempted to remove them now she withheld her urge. "At least I let Roger keep my first pair to take home and sleep with. Let's get fun and games over with so I can go home and...deal with cheerleaders, and a horny nephew. I swear after cheerleading practice I'm jumping into my pool with my clothes on. Ehh? Maybe without the clothes. Let's do this Slut! Counsellor Cherry in the house. Whoop! Whoop! No fear Bitches!"
Piper Cherry left her cozy cubicle next to Principal Carl Manley's office. It was fun that he wanted her close by for his own strange pleasures now that she had him wrapped around her pinky. Maybe the other way around now that she knew of the cameras all over school. Well almost everywhere. She would wager that would be fixed shortly thanks to Travis Herbert. Negligence on Carl's part she thought. It was likely he felt the same way.
Carl was what she referred to as a flat top stud, but rather stuffy, he being former Military his hair style hadn't changed in 25 years. She knew he would soften up the more she teased him. He had loosened up around the belt in just the few days they knew one another, already off to a good start now that they had come to an understanding. Not even her rather openminded clothing choices, which defied the school's dress code meant anything. If that included letting students get away with wearing similar at her request, so be it. The younger generation was certainly thanking him before the official first scheduled Dress Code Omission Day got there. One arriving, let the nightmare begin.
She knew Carl needed the hot chicks like she and Josie McKellen to keep his fires burning even if he wasn't admitting it, or acting on any sort of contact physically. Piper Cherry had that covered in spades. She had ideas on how to help troubled students here at Horton-Dexter High, but in doing so she wanted to help herself as well. Now that she was single, nothing would stop her from living out her own sorted fantasies. She still remembered that old Van Halen video Hot for Teacher. Lap dancing on Carl's lap at her interview crossed off one fantasy, only a couple thousand more to go. She knew when he didn't fire her before hiring her that this job would be a piece of cake. "Cunt cake instead of bunt cake." She giggled leaving the office. "Icing on me sounds good." She should have gotten a cup of ice water from the Teacher's lounge. Ice sounding better considering.
Heading upstairs to her appointed classroom, unlocking chained up doors on the closed off third floor which was considered no man's land, she took the chain inside and relocked it so nobody could trap them in playing any jokes. Exploring the vacant rooms in the abandoned area she grimaced at the dust. "I guess the Janitor gets off easy not having to come up here."
Dingy, dirty, discarded equipment spread out amongst a dozen secluded classrooms, each step was creepy. Old computers, folding tables as well as chairs, a miscellaneous array of oddities filled most of the rooms. A catch all keep all quarantine spot of things only removed as needed gave it a claustrophobic flavor. Even doors were taken off of a few of the rooms needed elsewhere over the last few years of shut down.
Off the beaten path lie room 69, yes you heard it right, far enough away from the main classes to avoid the chaos because it was no longer used for anything but isolation. The room was a sad oasis for a reason. Carl Manley considered it the perfect punishment. No light, no power, no air conditioning. The students called the room Cellblock 69. They found it funny. So did Piper to be honest.
"Here we go, room 69. Who gives a classroom a number like 69? It begs to be ridiculed. I just know I'm going to hear this number applied to me in some fashion." She entered the gloomy classroom with roughly two dozen old dilapidated desks, some just chairs without the thin ledges they called desktops, those too being reshipped as needed to other classes. "At least the Teacher's desk looks newer." She steps closer to inspect it, "Spoke too soon. A.F. loves R.B. carved into it. Abbreviation central it looks like. Oooo! A swivel chair." She shuffles to it for a better look, testing the wheels. "I think it's better than the one in my cubicle. Maybe I'll trade it with the one in my square peg, round hole office. Me being the round hole."
Flopping in her chair she spins three times before sitting back and propping her feet up on the desk. The fact she was wearing an extremely short flower patterned dress, mostly white save for blue flowers and green leaves, buttons down the front, allowed her to show off her long muscular legs. Eying her heels she scowled, "So kicking these off once the class fills up for the hour. I wonder how many offenders I have today, after all those Carl and I pink slapped? I love it when I think dirty." As Counsellor she should have already discovered the itinerary roster but Piper chose to play ignorant, overlooking her logbook. Everything was by the seat of her panties.
"Fifteen more minutes until D-Day. I wonder what Josie and Henry have planned tonight? Well, after she's done with Roman. Hell I barely even found time to relay the message Travis gave me to Sable, let alone get in depth with Josie. Why worry about them, I'll have my hands too full to care, dealing with cheerleaders at 6:30." Regardless, she did reflect on the elder McKellen's and everything they had done together thus far since she moved up from Atlanta. "Those two crazy kids are going to be fun, but hard to handle I think. With my help."
She defers back to Josie and Henry quite easily, always on her mind since meeting them and growing close. "It's good they are doing the open, mind your own business thing, I just hope it doesn't kick them in the ass. Not that I'm here to preach, I'm enjoying my own thoughts being so slutty, lord I still think about me and the Falcon girls down in Atlanta dancing on stage at Lariat's. Oooo! That's something for girls night, I think there's a Lariat's franchise here in Nashville too." She quickly looks it up on her cellphone to kill time, "Yep! Maybe I'll turn all of them into my protege's. Definitely roping them in." Lariat's that is.
"Even Josie's girls worship me. They're going to be trouble I'm thinking, once they reach that big 18 squealer in less than two weeks. What they're getting away with now is evolving close to anything their parents and I'm getting away with. Well, hopefully without the sex. Exhibition is fine, but I truthfully don't think either of them are ready to get down and dirty. Of course, how can their parents be hard on them if they're not putting up a good example? Less than two weeks of my living here in Nashville and I'm stirring the pot. Trouble just follows Muah."
As the clock ticks away Piper decides to file her fingernails in order to paint them during class to still the boredom. Eying her toes she considered painting them too, they hadn't been touched since Josie last Friday night while celebrating after Piper was hired. Under most circumstances her cuticle care was a weekly practice. "Gotta keep my toesies cute."
She found the classroom stuffy too, windows in the classroom were boarded over with plywood due to broken glass over the years, windows that the school decided were not in the budget to fix. Only a tiny skylight in the room kept it bright enough to see by.
"Go figure! 110 in the shade and this shitty excuse for a classroom is like a sauna. An hour stuck in here I'll be wringing my dress out in the ladies room." Luckily for Piper her dress was with a button down front. With already excessive cleavage swelling up she could at least unbutton one more button if need be without looking shameless in front of the students. Not that she cared. Looking down at her chest she smirked, "Ehh? Maybe two buttons." Not just yet though.
"Five more minutes." She eyes the clock on the wall, comparing the time on her cell for accuracy. At least it didn't hang there with a dead battery. "One more hour and I can go for a swim at home before the girls get there for cheer practice." Not likely but worth repeating in a hopeful fantasy. "If I drive like a bat out of hell maybe. I sure hope Rotten hasn't tore my furniture up."
She decides to hurry and pull up the home security cameras on her cell app and finds her puppy Rotten asleep by the French doors near an air vent, her nephew Mace napping on the sofa. "Awww! Lucky puppy. He has the right idea. Maybe I'll curl up with him by that vent when I get home. It's so good to have him back with me again. I'll definitely feel much safer living alone, even with a good alarm system. Mace kept the couch intact, no stuffing slung on the floor. So far so good." While playing Peeping Thomasina she found her inner Herbert checking out her nephew's relaxation mode. "When did that boy grow up?" Studying his sturdy physique as he slept she shivered, "Does Mace ever wear anything but sweat pants? My God! He even sleeps with an erection." A lingering look she catches herself admiring his tented sweats a tad longer than necessary. Hearing voices coming ends her transfixed state. "Gotta blow...go!" Even she grit her teeth at her misstep wording. So not what she intended to lay...say. God help her soul!
As the first batch of detainees began showing up Piper kept her feet propped, resting back to establish confidence. Using and perusing her cell with both hands, she ignored the first couple until she heard her first official hello.
"Hey Miss Cherry." She knew the face but went blank of identity.
"Hey back!" She smiled sizing him up from head to head...toe. Her mind was derailed by Mace still. "You might need to remind me your name."
"Not certain you ever knew it. I'm Angus Furlong." He stepped closer to offer a hand shake. At her side she noted him checking her cleavage out as his palm was awaiting acceptance. Pausing to lower her eyes to his groin...hand she had to reposition her arm so it didn't appear she was trying to grope him. Hand found in hers he shook her arm vividly, just to see her tits bob about. He had a firm grip, more than her reality could say for itself.
"Ah! You're the one with the beef. I recall seeing you in the hallway before my interview. The day Travis Herbert had his books knocked out of his hands. I also seem to recall hearing that you like Josie's daughter Dakota."
"I do, but we're just friends I think." His earlier mood swing had relaxed, "I'm still trying to break up with Robin Banks. Yeah, that's really her name. Oh, right, you know that...cheerleader stuff. She's...pretty upset right now, so I'm letting things ride until the time is right to let her go." He changes the subject as fast as possible noting she still hadn't released his hand, he had no idea she knew so much, "You...look comfy." The 5'7 foot tall jock eyed her long legs. It took his exploration of her body for her to let his hand go.
"That's because I am. If it weren't so fucking hot in here I'd be more comfortable. Pardon my French." She cursed without thinking.
"No problem! You're bound to hear worse coming from these bastards. See? My French is on par with yours." He wags his tongue then just as quickly clammed up to breath, "Sorry! Didn't mean to...French talk back at you." He chuckled. "You only made it that much hotter in here Miss Cherry." Looking nervous which he wasn't, he being a good actor, moved to the front row, dead center to take a seat facing her.
"That's sweet of you Cowboy." She smirked fanning herself over more than just the room temperature, Angus was drop dead gorgeous. "What's the ratio of these detainees? I lost count of Carl's pointy checklist." She jabs a finger mimicking the Principal's drive by arrests earlier. "For that matter what are you in for? I don't recall Carl or I tossing you in the clink."
"No idea how many got busted. Me? I'm here at least once a week." He bluffed her, "Last time I think there was seven of us, but I know that day was light. Big school, lots of disgruntled people, we have a large graduating class this year. There was a huge fight earlier so you might get slammed today." That word slammed made Piper trail a nail over her cleavage without realizing she was doing so. Sweat beading up on her fingertip made her flick it away with a grimace.
"I was there. Lucky me! You seem up on things...give me a clue as to who did that funny ass stunt to Travis." It wasn't and was funny, but she was trying to get on the same level as the students to learn what she could. "Also what was that fight about?" She had a hunch it was staged because of Kelly Herbert there to pick up Travis, but felt there was more to it.
"Sure you wanna know?"
"Well, I did ask."
"You." He wags his eye brows.
"Me? I thought it was about Travis and his Mom. Why over me?"
"Truth is...guys found out you were running detention and just wanted to be alone with you for an hour. Don't be shocked if that doesn't happen more often. You may not think so but guys are already being protective of you. Defensive even, trust me I know. Quarterback for the Swallows."
"I can see why." She swallowed dryly picturing him tackling her, "Wow! I'm honored."
"Can I speak freely Miss Cherry?"
"Absolutely Lambskin. I mean Pigskin." She winks at him.
"You break the rules as much as we do. No offense, but that dress is so not dress code."
"Whatever! Codes commodes! I wouldn't work here if I had to wear a dress down to my ankles. They take me for who I am, or bye see ya. And, for the record, Carl authorized one day a week for the students to wear a little less, it being so hot out. Every Wednesday, so you can spread the...word." She considered saying her legs but bit her tongue. "I'm a good negotiator." She returns a wag of her own eyebrows instead.
"Principal Manley won't fire you, we see how he looks at you."
"He does drool doesn't he?" Large numbers of new detainees filed in.
"Shit! We all do Miss Cherry." He uses those just entering as evidence, every one of them was taking their time in finding a seat to eye her legs. "You're smoking hot." Every boy there agreed with an arsenal of vivid nods.
"This classroom get's any hotter I might start stripping." Adding fuel to their engines, "Dammit! How can this school not pipe in the central air?"
"This class is punishment, that means off in its own world. Notice the windows? Principal Manley's idea of Dante's Inferno. This is the eighth level of Hell, only on the third floor. I know that story, I paid attention in Mrs. M's class."
"It's just sad." She pinches her cleavage hem lifting and dropping it repeatedly, each time seeing their eyes glued to her actions. "I plan on talking to Carl...I mean...Mister Manley about making the conditions here more bearable."
"You won't succeed. Every Teacher in school has begged for upgrades. Budget mostly, but he refuses to make our lives any better in hopes we avoid getting sent here. He likens it to being thrown into the Brig, Military style. You know he used to be a Drill Sarge, right?"
"I don't beg. Well, it depends on..." She stops speaking with a devious grin, "what I'm begging for." Her teasing skills were already on their mark. Angus being a jock looked formidable. "So, how many students got into a fight?" As if she didn't know.
"After you guys busted up the fight it went outdoors at lunch. Like I said a bunch of us are defensive of you. Whole football team. 20 players. Coach Crandell would probably be in here screaming if it weren't for Mrs. McKellen." He choked suddenly, possibly opening up a can of worms.
"What about Josie?"
"You know...he and her...have a thing."
"Ah! Yeah, I've heard that rumor through the grapevine around here. She's also my next door neighbor."
"You live out at Hooters Crossing? Awesome! It suits you. Wow! That means you see Dakota outside of school too."
"Why because I have big hooters?" She lifts her chest as she lowers her chin, "I do don't I?" Jaws were dropping, not one guy had taken a seat yet, "Yes, I see her on occasion. She and her sister are going to start walking my dog at night. That and...goof off with my nephew." She didn't want to let on Dakota and Sable both had their eyes on her Big sister Mona's son.
"He's staying with me a few weeks. Maybe longer if we don't kill one another." She lowers her chin a second time to her tits, her mounds rising up to meet her inspection, in more ways than one. Piper's hormones of late had risen to unheard of heights. Today was just another day to roll her dice. Yes, she jostled her tits right in front of Angus.
"That too." He meant her cresting nipples.
As even more students begin filtering in, Angus forces his gaze from her chest and eyes the incoming group instead. Not only football players were entering but a healthy dose of obvious slackers. Counting as they arrive she holds her ground while reclined, not once removing her legs from the desktop. Every young man entering the door took a long hard in depth look at those gorgeous legs from toe to upper thigh. She found it cute how they seemed to try looking between her tightly pressed legs, crossed at the ankles. All it would take for her is to raise one leg and it would be birdwatching at the Y. Fortunately for her at least today she wore undies, something she and Josie had sworn off, yet today being her first day dealing with Detention she thought better of it. Smart on her part bringing a second pair.
"Are guys the only ones getting attention...I mean detention these days?" She realized not one girl was present. At 21 young men, including Angus she huffed her cheeks, "Testosterone after the quiz."
Most of the young men seemed cordial at least, a few of the jocks boasted their egotistical wiles by patting their crotches for her to see. Oh, she looked, it was in her nature to share in the same curiosity as those checking out her legs and bust.
"Glad to see you wore your jockstraps to detention. I'll be sure to tell your Coach he should praise you, after he busts your balls." The entire room chuckled at her brazen attitude. The new Counsellor was funny as hell. After seeing her roam the halls between classes and flirting with not just the Principal but half the faculty they just could not stop drooling. She was getting away with murder, not a term she liked hearing, considering her ex-husband was one of those. Still, she kept her chin up, once it lifted from her chest. She found the beads of sweat on her tits mesmerizing. So did the guys.
"Killer legs Miss Cherry." One of those smug jocks remarked. "No hoes, looks like you just shaved." She wanted to disagree, her being a Ho so to speak but again kept it civil.
"Why yes I did. I'm not a panty hose kind of gal. Well, unless it's black with garters, and I'm on a hot date. Thank you for noticing Mister...?"
"Gavin Ruley."
"I can see that." Like Angus, Gavin was a stud. "Ruley's made to be broken." She winks teasing him over his last name as he smirks with a glimmer of hidden respect. "Everyone take a seat please." It took a minute to comprehend her command for most of the gathering. Her knuckles waving for them to go on took three shots to even be noticed enough to sink in.
"Saving mine for you Miss Cherry." A 6'4 tall African American jock wiped his chin specifically to inspire her to sit on his face.
"Awww! That's sweet of you, how did you know I was a meet and taters type? I love a shit eating grin on my couch potatoes." The young man was large and had quite a girthy stomach, obviously he enjoyed food. Perfect teeth though.
"That's Calvin Knobbs." Angus Furlong saluted his fellow player.
"Calvin and Hobbs? The boy who likes an imaginary pussy?"
The group lost it as Piper decided to finally drop her legs to the floor in a single move that out ruled them seeing up her skirt. Sighs of disappointment filled the room as she stood up and went to the door. In her lengthy stride to reach it she resisted tugging her skirt down as a backup emotional rollercoaster. Lower butt cheeks were dancing from side to side. They might not have seen her lace panties but she offered a glimpse of her ass in small increments.
Their crude whispers heard were enough to satisfy her horniness. At the classroom door she felt a coolness coming through from the stairwell doors being open, and positioned her body into a giant X, all four limbs holding both side thresholds of the door frame. Heels touching the jams, as well as her hands, she hugged the breeze which gave her inner thighs a very tantalizing updraft. Closing her eyes at the brief chill she embraced the fact that she knew her detainees were biting their knuckles at her provocative stance. Having sat in the hot box for the last eighteen minutes she needed this...breather, her exposed flesh a thin gloss as if oil, was awe inspiring to even she. If it had that effect on Piper, she could only imagine what it was doing to them. Of course, they were sweating just as hard. Bullets even!
Eyes opening she looks both ways to see if there were any latecomers, really only one way to enter by but it was just natural to look both direction before crossing any lines. Even the crickets moved out of hearing range.
"Why don't they just move this class to the boiler room? We're right next to Hell as it is." Starting to leave the door open for ventilation, she hesitated, "Fuck it! Let's burn off lunch."
Door sealed she turned back toward her prisoners acting as if she took a key out of the door and slyly pretended to stash it in her invisible bra. She wasn't wearing any and they knew it, every step they jiggled about, only the flower pattern of her thin dress masked bullet sized nipple hard on. Bees collecting pollen she giggled to herself.
"Alrighty Gentlemen! Not going to bother with any roll call, seeing as I don't have a list of names. As most of you have asked around by now my name is Miss Cherry. I'll be your Prison Warden for the next hour of your miserable lives. Mine as well. I'm certain none of you want to be here."
"I do." Interrupted a boy laughing. He was joined by over a dozen others offering the likes of, "Me too.", and, "Kid in a candy store." She knew exactly what they meant.
"Well now! You certainly know how to make a lady welcome."
Snickers at her choice of words let it be known that they preferred their version of her remark, hearing, "You certainly know how to make a lady...well...cum." If she knew how to blush Piper Cherry would be beet red. Not her, the color scheme of her last name was in birth certificate alone. She rather enjoyed their playful banter.
"Seeing as I'm Horton-Dexter's new Counsellor let's take this hour to talk about whatever comes to mind. I'm a firm believer in open communication."
"Comes to mind. Open CUMmunication. You must like to cum a lot." Student Maynard Smooth chuckled in his Southern most drawl. An unexpected chill crossed the room at his over the top remark. Pale expressions of uncertainty struck 50% of the group, the remaining members smug and hoping for an equally attractive reply. They got what they wished for.
"One of my favorite things to do. But, let's not get sidetracked here." She fidgets a bit sweat wringing from her brow. "Fuck me! This room is sweltering." Her own fault for shutting the door.
The whispers instantly agreed, they would fuck her in a heartbeat, even though her vulgar words were not meant as an invitation. Even Piper knew that she needed to stop saying that line, but she just let it slip every time that distress reared its head in some fashion. It was her go too source of battling mental frustration. Technically her physical frustrations as well.
"Only going to get hotter Miss Cherry. We can blow on you if you need us too." Danny Wendt, a Linebacker offered. Others agreed laughing.
"I'll keep that in mind." She fanned herself with both hands aggravating a temporary breeze.
"She can blow on me." Calvin dared to grunt. Again the boys nodded their own hopes of such a thing.
"Back on track Boys, back on track." She rolled her eyes, "Angus here said that most of you here today are being punished for defending me. Is this true?"
"Hell yes it is." Darryl Priest spoke up, "Nobody puts down our fine ass bitch. Besides you did my brother...a solid, that day he hooked up your security system."
"Oh, I remember Anthony, he was a cutie. Took forever to get the job done but I can understand why." She razzed them with her tongue, fluttering fingers over the length of her body. "I do have a fine ass don't I?"
Tilting her gaze downward as she contorts slightly in order to examine her curvaceous bottom, Piper realized her skirt still offered some cheekage. Tugging it down the entire room rallied a saddened, "Awwww maaaaann!" Shaking her head with a thin scowl she turned toward her desk and found it in her to have sympathy, mostly because she was loving their attention.
Looking at her heels she literally bent over to touch her shoe, her skirt rose higher than it was before, now her panties shared a wink at them over a scrumptious clam. The guys held their breath, and their boners. Every crotch in the house was affected in just that reveal. Standing up straight she ignored the skirt's high note and took a seat on her desk, temporarily hiding her cheeks. Leaving her legs uncrossed her hemline offered very thin peeks upward along her thighs as she settled in.
"Do you like being a Counsellor Miss Cherry?" Angus although a big sturdy young man was taking point as a voice of reason. He needed to keep his boys in check, and conversation was really the only way.
"Don't know, never been one until yesterday. I guess I'm a pretty good listener. I like getting to the bottom of peoples problems."
"I'd like to get to your bottom." Calvin Knobbs chuckles, his belly bouncing at his jest.
"Winded afterwards I'm certain." Her assessment found the boys pausing in reaction, wondering if he might retaliate, "At least you're trying to climb out of your gutter Calvin." She riled laughter at his expense. He nodded with a pucker, flipping off his teammates and fellow detainees.
"Ah! Ah! Ah! Watch those birdies." She wagged a middle finger of her own at him, only making it look as if she mistakenly used the wrong finger, switching it to her index while the boys busted a gut.
"You're too much Miss Cherry." Calvin complimented her.
"More than your piggy bank has in it I'm afraid, Big Bad Wolf." She parted her legs slightly teasing them with a better view of her lace panties, 90% of which was nearly transparent. These panties were far more revealing than those worn on the day of her interview with Carl, the day she let boys in the gym see them. Pretty much only her tightly snug labia was hidden away.
Looking at her feet fanning about she sighs, "Word to the wise, don't wear six inch heels to work." She lifts one foot at a time and removes her shoes, setting them on her desk top next to her left hip. Bare foot she lifts her right foot and massages it before their very attentive gazes. No whispers heard she lifts her eyes to peer over her brow at their stone cold expressions. Eyes were locked on her massaging hand. Rather than bantering further, their tongues were licking lips, or biting them at the very least.
"Need help?" Antoine Boss, a Running Back choked up.
"Would you?" She dared herself to open up a can of worms. Buried deep, 21 worms of varying sizes were trying hard to dig their way to the surface. Hearing gasps Antoine jumped at the chance and strutted toward her with a flirtatious grin, the group worried she might panic. As he stood in front of Piper she glared up at him with her own mischievous eyes, poising her right foot an inch away from contact, directly over his tented jeans. A very big tent indeed.
"Anything for you Miss Cherry." He stepped forward and let her toes touch and edge his beast upright from its tilted angst. Before she could even react he snatched up her foot and began squeezing it. Her eyes and expression shared an almost euphoric response. The boys that couldn't see her directly scooted over in a shuffle of screeching desk legs. Like the night Josie massaged her feet Piper became putty to the touch. It was just as she told Josie...massaged feet and the sucking of her toes was her kryptonite. No lie. Supergirl was in trouble.
"Ohhhhhhh! That feels incredible." She almost moans but sheepishly grins. Lifting her leg higher to compensate his 6'2 height he shifted her backwards slightly in posture. He could see her panties vividly, including a thin wet crease where it counted. Grinning like the devil Antoine leered over his shoulder, "There's another foot here."
She shook her head at her shameless acceptance in allowing yet another pair of hands take hold of her. In a blur three young men jumped and fought to claim her left foot. Fellow Linebacker Toby Mellon claimed his prize and immediately shared his strength over her nerve endings. "FUCK ME! You two can do this anytime you want. My cubicle is always open for a good foot rub."
"Maybe we'll get detention more often. I like these panties more than the ones you wore last week." Toby chuckled, he being one of the group sitting next to her on the bleachers the day of her interview, sadly, only one step higher than where poor Travis had been tied up to today.
"Bad boys get hard time. I'm glad my panties are up to your standards." She stuck her tongue out at them.
"Always hard around you Miss Cherry." Antoine stuck his own tongue out as a mimicked challenger.
"I can only imagine what a full body massage might be like. Not going there..." She wagged her fuck you finger again. The two somewhat gentle giants laughed. As their Romeo moments continued their eyes zeroed in on her panties. Thinking alike, Toby took the lead in reciting, "40 yard line. Right up the middle."
A ballsy move made the two boys took her by surprise and shuffled two steps to their sides. Carrying her legs wider so that the whole room could see her panties better the group sighed. In their separation tactic she slid off balance backwards, forced to plant her palms on her desk to hold herself aloft. The crowd grew intrigued the second they saw her divide.
"Easy now Boys! I'm not the goal post here." She didn't dissuade them other than that, mainly because she loved the foot massage. "Just...the goal." She panted at her luxurious masseuses.
"Those are some really nice panties Miss Cherry." Football Safety Finn Rice concurred with Toby and pointed at her thighs as if he were the first to notice.
"These old things?" She hissed trying to maintain a positive demeanor under duress. "Toby beat you to the compliment, but thank you anyway." He turned red at being a copycat.
"Want us to stop rubbing your feet?" Antoine at least sounded gallant even after going over the top without asking. It was nice to know she had an out should she want it. That offer meant a lot to her.
"Why?" She winced, "I'm obviously in good hands. At least I know you can hold a football." More chuckles accompanied her humor. Respect was definitely building, as were egos.
"Your feet are sweaty." Toby laughed.
"My whole body is wringing wet." She huffed looking out at the hungry eyes swallowing her panties as if edible. "This heat keeps up I might need to stash a bikini in my office desk to get through detentions."
"That would be awesome. Make it a Micro." Corey Samson envisioned it aloud. Of course, everyone agreed with a rally of hopeful whispers. He was over being blamed for Travis Herbert's gym ordeal.
"Don't get your hopes too high. I'd like to keep my new job at least awhile longer. By the way Corey, I apologize for Carl and I insinuating you might have been a part of that Travis Herbert thing. We did have to do our jobs and investigate it. Your name just came up."
"All good! I come up a lot around you. Travis is a punk but I'd never do something that ballsy." Like hell he wouldn't others hid their expressions. No one really knew who hijacked Travis Herbert, but loyalty among thieves they would likely keep their mouths' shut if they did. They were too busy watering anyway.
"Aren't you afraid Principal Manley might walk in?" Antoine glanced at the door, a small window pane could easily allow for viewers should they arrive unexpectedly.
"Naaaaa! I have the males here eating me out...I mean eating out of my hand." She jested on purpose. "No getting ideas." She laughed fanning herself with only one hand holding her up. "Someone fix the air conditioning already." Her head tilts back while growling her frustrations at the hotbox.
In a bold move planned earlier she unbuttons the top two buttons of her already low cut dress, revealing the flesh below her bulging breasts halfway down to her belly button. She knew the risk, but wanted to know just how far these jocks might go. Temptation setting the stage she continues fanning herself. Not even seeing Dakota McKellen with her shirt unbuttoned the last two days could deviate what their current thoughts were. Piper had much bigger tits and was a much hotter lady. Not even Josie McKellen could compete with Jenna Jameson's hotter sister here. Knowing what Josie had gotten away with Piper had to remind herself something through a question. Why let her new Bestie have all the fun?
"Nice!" Toby nodded checking out her chest.
"Aren't they? I'm proud of the girls."
"So are we." Antoine glances at Toby to encourage he join him in taking another two steps over. The agreed upon move downfield leads to Piper's legs being pried even wider. Her panties were now tightening up inside her labia under the outstretched maneuver.
"Don't break me." She laughs, "Come on guys." Oh, they wanted to. "I think it's time to call it a day. Thanks for the foot massage." She expressed sighing with a grin, her request not being very convincing.
Growling the boys paused to look back at the class full of punks. In seeing their reaction Piper noticed cell cameras recording her awkward position. Shaking her head she chuckles, "So now I'm a Pornstar. Go me!" As if she was camera shy. Just ask Carl Manley, a matter of fact he too called her one.
"You could be. You got the rockin' body for one." Calvin huffed.
Antoine didn't want to let go, instead he chose a new tactic. Lifting her leg even higher he placed her toes in his mouth and began sucking on them. Her reaction was priceless. Jaw wide she melted at his sudden Hail Mary and belted out her favorite vulgarity, "FUCK ME! Godammit boy!" The response brought Toby into play, joining Antoine in sucking upon her other set of toes. "SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! You found my weakness."
She fell flat on her back and tilted her head over the backside of her desk. Breathing heavily her breasts rose and fell dramatically as she enjoyed their feasting. More fanning of her fingers became rapid, she was overheating fast. Seeing her while recording her every move boys began leaving their seats to encircle the desk. In seconds boys were jumping up and down to try and see past those in front of them. Desks were even moved in formation to stand on for a better view.
Moaning with her eyelids closed she caressed her sweaty tits at the center, "So fucking hot." She rambled over and over. Angus, the once voice of reason stood between her parted legs and smirked at the gathered ensemble. He was the ringleader all along. Like a Surgeon carefully reaching over her body he unbuttoned the remainder of her six buttons on the dress but left it closed other than it's own parted movements. As she wiggled a bit in her thrilled thoughts while her head was arching backwards they heard her mumble, "Fuck me!" The verse met a worthy band of whispers admitting that they would love to. Lost in sensation she hadn't so much as felt the releasing of her own imprisonment. Even their own desired words had escaped her reality.
As voices raise Angus silences them with a threatening fist, he didn't want anybody alerting her to their devious seduction. Murmurs became the norm. "Miss Cherry?" Angus coaxed her back toward reality by patting her upper thigh on the inside. Eyes formerly retreated into the back of her head return to focus. Realizing she was surrounded she tries to rise but Antoine and Toby literally lift her ass off the desk, a pool of sweat lay beneath her cheeks. In lifting Piper her dress parted for a thin full frontal reveal that made guys clench their fists in triumph. Sensing her dress undone she lifts her head and looks over the horizon of her vibrantly glossy flesh.
"FUCK ME! You little bastards."
"Is that what you want?" Angus now eased his hands in and yanks her dress wide open, her perfect 38's now exposed. Before she could reach up to resist, she found hands gripping her wrists, holding her arms prisoner behind her head.
"Let me go." She advised them without aggression on her part. She aimed for a softer approach hoping this wouldn't get any further out of hand. "You've had your fun, now let me up."
Looking around at cell cameras recording her she knew she was ruined if the videos were abused. Not that she cared all that much, her life was shit overall anyway, thanks to her reputation being formerly married to a murderer. Although, nobody knew that just yet. Starting from scratch meant clawing her way back to the top. She really did need to paint her nails, she could see her little toe escaping Toby's lips. It was amazing she would think about such a thing under the conditions.
"Relax! We're not going to hurt you. We're only helping you...cool off." Angus winked at her sweaty features, they were all shiny to a certain extent under the sweltering atmosphere of the classroom. "Here! We'll cool off with you." Angus whips his football jersey and t-shirt beneath it off to share in some pretty buff musculature. Four other boys joined him in going shirtless.
"Not helping Angus." She winces. Even more guys dare to take their shirts off. She couldn't resist looking, she was just as curious as they were. Boys even loitered over her from all angles and began blowing on her, their lips less than an inch from her skin. A double breeze directly over her nipples found them rising tighter than ever before. "FUCK ME! That feels good." She made it known, "Blow harder you pussies." Oh, it was on. Cool exhales pelted every visible inch of exposed flesh, she couldn't resist giggling. "DAMMIT!"
"She likes it guys." Calvin chuckles towering over all of them, "Here comes my puffy pecs." He too whips his shirt off as the guys tell him to put it back on. He just laughed and kissed his flabby biceps to be cute.
"As much as I find this...exhilarating...please stop and go back to your seats."
"In a minute." Angus paused her with a backwards fuck you finger to mock her goofiness earlier. "You're still too hot." His two fuck you fingers slip under her panties and guides them lower, both Antoine and Toby moving closer to give him room to slide the garment down to her ankles. Careful releases of her feet the panties left her body.
"Shit!" She shivers under their restraint. Angus tilts his head eying her pussy as Antoine and Toby drag her legs wide once more, still torturing her toes with their tongues.
"Damn! Miss Cherry that is one goddess level pussy. I can even see your hole breathing like a fish out of water. Get a load of this guys." He calls everyone in to examine her pink majesty.
"Wish I could say thank you, but you know what this is right?"
"Not really." Angus shrugged, "We have video of you having fun."
"So, now it's blackmail time?"
"Black male? I'm in." Calvin chuckled. "I'd like to be in that." He inspected her pussy a little more intrusive than others, daring to blow on her clit. The slightest brush over it sent Piper's back into an arch.
"FUCK ME!" She gnashed her teeth and quivered.
"You keep saying that." Angus smirked.
"Not literally AngASS. It's just a nervous reaction, a defense mechanism."
Angus sniffs her panties dramatically, "Fuck you smell good." He then passes her panties around. In four minutes time 21 boys had inhaled her scent. She watched every single one of them smiling as if high. Nice to know she had that effect.
"Back to being blackmailed. Is this really how you want to play things?" She kept calm expecting the worst.
"Naaa! Let her go guys." Angus stepped back as Antoine and Toby let her feet go, kissing them as a going away gift. From behind her, wrists were also released. Sitting up she intentionally slipped her arms out of her dress and drug it around her. Wadding it like trash she tossed it at Angus. They were all blown away by her reaction. Nodding his respect he offered it back with a genuine look of concern. "We just had to see you naked." Declining his return of her dress, he just sits it on the desk. Grabbing her heels beside her, Piper slips them on her feet and stands tall wearing nothing but her stilettos.
"Sit your punk asses down." She raised her voice until everyone took their seat. "So if you're not blackmailing me why take incriminating video?" She almost felt offended.
"Jerk off material." Darryl Priest confirmed at least his own reasons. "My Brother Anthony showed me some video of you. Blame me for getting these bastards worked up. I showed them long before you were hired."
"Like I said, none of us mean you any harm Miss Cherry." Angus pitched his sincerity, "Before we even stepped foot in here today we talked about what to do and how far we should try and get you to go. The way you flaunt it in the halls, hell even in Dewey's classroom we had to know what you were really like. Seeing you naked was just a priority."
"Sexy as fuck." Antoine praised her, "My hands are yours if you need another foot massage."
"Oh, you're sucking my toes again Mister." She points with her fuck you finger. It was suddenly becoming as much a trademark as her verses of "Fuck Me!" Another point toward Toby confirmed she would want his mouth free at her disposal too. A thumbs up proved he was game. Eying the clock on the wall she realized, "You're kidding me. We still have twenty more minutes? FUCK ME!" She grits her teeth, "Sorry! It just blurts out."
"No problem. We can help you with that if you need us to." Darryl spoke for everyone.
"I dunno about that." She hissed, holding her breath with the most amazing glisten in her eyes. "Okay, let me get this straight, no blackmailing me into being your fuck puppet. You just wanted to see me naked."
"We can dream." Angus sat back placing his arms behind his head. "Vividly!"
"That much I can do. Let's just not get too...carried away. Now and then I can strip off my outfit and give you little pricks a show. First time I hear of anyone.., "She hesitates to increase her volume, "...ANYONE, rat me out I skip town and head for Vegas. That means no viral videos online like Travis had done to him. I already know there's more innocent videos of me as it is. I like it here guys." She expressed a firm stand then smirks to emphasize, "You know I could be a showgirl."
"We don't want you to leave. Guys? Delete those videos, show her some faith. Nobody talks about this outside this room. Got it?" Angus dropped his arms to point at everyone individually in a drive by shooting.
"Hold on." Piper threw her palms up and shook her head, calling herself crazy, "Don't delete them just use them for yourself. No sharing with others. I'll show faith too." She shrugs, "Besides, I like being thought of as a Pornstar."
"Nice!" Angus nodded with respect, "I know I'm gonna jerk off like a bandit when I get home." Not really, he had cheerleader Robin Banks to do it for him. Even her best friend Tina. "Shit! They have cheerleading practice." Maybe he was on his own.
"Why wait?" She walks over to him and lifts her foot up to plant her toes over his erection. "We still have 17 minutes, probably longer if needed." Gritting her teeth she recalled that chance being shot down, just as Angus had, "Scratch that! I have cheerleading practice to oversee. Until 5:00 give me a 21 cum salute. Prove to me you worship my shit." She flutters her fingers over her perfect body, even tweaking her nipples. Yep! There was zero chances of Josie McKellen hogging all of the glory.
"HELL YES!" Was a vast consensus, some more reluctant than others. One by one guys whipped out their dicks at their desks. Casually inspecting them while pacing the aisles between seats wiggling her ass as if a female drill instructor, Carl might have been proud of her if she wasn't naked. Actually that's not true. He'd be very proud of her. It was more a maze instead of actual aisles having the desks scattered about in disarray. She found herself impressed that they would all follow her lead. A few stragglers were unsure of themselves until Piper felt sympathy.
"Troubles?" She eyed a young man who was hardly a jock.
"Just uneasy." He winced. His eyes shied away from others ravaging their cocks while checking her out.
"You don't share everyone's thoughts on this?" Again she teases her body watching his reaction as she spreads sweat all over herself.
"Y-you're perfect. GOD you're...I just...I want to but..."
Kneeling beside him she lays a palm on his leg and lightly rubs it, "I see a really big erection there...?" She fishes for a name.
"Sam. Sam Grainger."
"You don't have to be like them, Sam. Take me home on your cell and go crazy." She winks then stands up. Before she was even at full stature he had his pants unzipped and a healthy six shooter in hand. "There's my brave boy." It dawned on her in that instance the age thing. "STOP! STOP! EVERYONE STOP. Is everyone here 18? God I hope so I don't..." ID's came flying from every direction to prove their ages. "There is a God." A sigh of relief she giggles, "Commence firing."
Groans of mental exhaustion competing with ravaging grips Piper rather enjoyed her stroll to view and entice her admirers. "That's it, show Counsellor Cherry why you need therapy." It was too funny, but sadly accurate. Maybe the Counsellor needed her head examined as much as she was examining theirs. "There's some really nice dicks here. I might have to consider a few." She pondered absorbing the potential of Angus' thick seven and Toby's eight with a really massive head on it.
Patrolling further she noticed another young man struggling to stay alive. With a timid seven of his own she knew if he was hard he might achieve eight plus. Mesmerized by it she stepped to his side and crouched. "Why the sad face Soldier?" She felt his misery, he was so wanting to be as proud as the others. Shying from any reply she sighed and spit into her hand. Removing his fingers she curled her own around his cock and vigorously coaxed him fully erect. "You have a very worthy cock. Never be unsure of yourself." Yep! She took the final step in being as bad as they were. God help her soul.
"T-that feels so good." He almost wept while hissing, "Please don't let go."
"No fair!" Calvin groaned, "I could use some help too." as if he was having troubles he just wanted the same attention. Acknowledging him Piper rolled her eyes. Suddenly, all around her came pleas of assistance. She regretted helping the boy, but stuck with him until he jizzed on her hand, thin splatters attacking her knuckle, and her tit.
"Well now! Someone's tank was full." She smiled warmly at the boy and watched him jump from his chair to storm her with a hug of appreciation. In response she patted him on the back, wiping her wet knuckles on the back of his shirt, one of the few boys still wearing a tee. Her tits wet with specks of streaking cum mixing with her sweat also rubs off on his chest. As he retreats to pull his pants up she moves onward from boy to boy.
For very short durations she pushes herself to grip and stroke each boy six times before moving on. It was the least she could do. With each interaction she found the others rubbing her ass, going so far as goosing her into a squeal and a fuck you fingers point at them to behave. Guys were cumming like crazy. Eyes on the clock as much as the cock she knew time was running out.
"Let's wrap it up Boys." She advised.
"We'll bring condoms next time." Calvin snorted wiping jizz on his boxers.
"You should have joined us Miss Cherry." Angus stood up for his final rush of glory. Facing her smugly he shot his load on her belly before she could react.
"FUCK ME!" She looked down at the creamy mess above her pubic area.
Darryl and Antoine also held off and moved in behind her while she was distracted by Angus, firing hot cum on her ass cheeks. "HEY!" Scowling at their behavior she ran her fingers over their leftovers then slapped their chests smearing a mixture of dueling droplets on the two boys. It was enough to create a series of gross expressions. "You deserved that." They sneered but didn't complain, she was probably right.
"You should let us all cum on you next time." Toby pointed out what everyone was thinking.
"We'll see. Don't go doing anything stupid to get detention. Not every day is going to be the same people. Sooner or later there's going to be someone younger or not as into this as you guys."
"I say we just come here after school and have some fun when we don't have football practice." Calvin chuckles. "If the timing's right, you good Miss Cherry?"
"One condition. Only condition. Tight lips! No one talks about this. Don't make me regret being so...giving. Yes Calvin, if the time is right you can jerk off again."
"On you?"
"I'll think about it."
"Cum for us next time?"
"You guys sure expect a lot out of me." She grins, "I'll bring a toy."
"OH FUCK YEAH!" Voices raise then quiet just as quickly.
"Can we...eat you out?" A boy named Charley Nookum wags his tongue.
"Uggggggggh! Stop already." She fanned herself with her fingers. In a mad rush six guys surround her up close and begin blowing on her again. She tilts her head back closing her eyes at the overwhelming breeze. More boys huddle in to share in her experience. Up to nine boys managed to swarm her in cool exhales. "Shit! I could get used to this."
"Hear that guys? We have her hooked." Angus laughed. No bell ringing to sound the end of a remarkable first day dealing with the bad boys she had to call it. Most of the boys took their leave, a chain of affectionate kisses on the cheek in passing became a necessity to show their respect. Only Angus held back until the kissing bandits had filed out.
Politely he grabbed her dress and held it out for her as if a coat. Sliding her arms in he followed her hands in buttoning her front. Kissing her neck unexpectedly he whispers into her ear. "Be honest...you want a big dick inside you next time. Don't you?"
"Ohhhh Angus. If you ever date Dakota McKellen, I hope you treat her better than you're being now." She turns to face him finishing her buttoning up without his interference. Once straightening her dress she slaps both hands on his chest gripping his jersey, "I'll fuck you when and IF I'm ready. Don't push it."
"I'm patient." He grits his teeth, "You...won't tell Dakota about this...right? Or Robin. Anybody?"
"No, but I'll tell the school Nurse where to find you."
"Huh? Oh, I get it, be patient? Right!" He nods then fidgets, "Miss Cherry?"
"Yes Beefcake?"
"I'm serious, I'll make sure nobody ruins this for any of us."
"Good to hear."
"Tomorrow?"
"As long as it's safe. If not just relax until the time is right again."
"I know you might not buy it, but the school does listen to me."
"They need to listen to me, not you." She frowns looking around, "Fuck Me! Where's my panties?"
"I'll get them back."
"Don't worry about it. If I can help my fellow man make me a saint."
"You're fucking awesome Miss Cherry."
"Piper."
"Cool! See you on my cell Piper. I had Jake record you on my phone."
"Go blind."
"Later Miss...Piper." Leaving the classroom Angus Furlong runs head on into Dakota and Sable McKellen walking toward the classroom from the stairwell. Not so perfect timing. "Oh crap! Sorry I didn't see you guys. Hey Dakota."
"I'm Sable. She's Dakota." A showing of braces reveals the truth. It was easy to tell Sable was still upset over Travis.
"Damn! Sorry, I can never tell you two apart unless you smile." He felt badly, almost embarrassed about the mix up. "That sounded stupid. Forgive me Dakota...you too Sable."
"Is Piper still here?" Dakota winked at Angus, noting his erection but not acknowledging she had. Was it for her she thought? Her shirt wasn't unbuttoned like it had been. After their poolside debacle at Piper's house both girls found guys getting hard intriguing, even if some of them were complete assholes like Knox Hardecker and his friend Dip. Then, of course there was their Father whom they secretly watched have phone sex with Tessa Harper, he cornering the girls in his closet without knowing. Add in their being trapped yet again while hiding under their parents bed they caught an incredible show of their parents fucking. So much had happened in under a week. Their Dad had a really nice dick too. Dakota resorted to 80% of that mental recollection.
Sable? She still saw Travis naked tied to the bleachers. Yes his dick had caught her eye even though she was in a panic to rescue him and make up for abandoning him in the trash receptacle. Yet, his misery was her misery.
"Yeah! She's just gathering her things. Hey Dakota?"
"Yes?" She brightens her eyes but withholds a smile.
"Are you free Friday night? After the big game with Marquette?"
"You're asking me out again? I...still need time to think about it. What about Robin?"
"I guess I am." His earlier mood swing making him understand more clearly, "Sure, I get it. I'll deal with Robin here soon I swear."
"I thought you were still dating her." She frowned, "Why haven't you broken up with her yet?"
"She's been emotional, I'll do it soon. Don't ask."
"Can I get back to you? I..." She fidgets then cringes slightly, "I can't commit until you break up with Robin."
"That and she needs to ask our Dad for permission. Very protective." Sable jumps in to prevent her sister making a fool of herself.
"I understand totally. You can text me if you want...555-6996. Anytime." He at least offered.
"Easy digits to remember." She smirked, "Bye Angus."
As he departs with a confident grin Piper Cherry steps out shocked to see the girls, she really hoped there was no cum anywhere that they might notice. "How long have you two been out here waiting?"
"Ten minutes maybe. We sat on the stairwell where it was cooler until Detention was over. Mom is staying over to grade papers. She told us to get a ride home with you." Instantly Piper concluded that their Mother planned on seeing Roman once the girls were out of the picture. Smiling to prevent suspicion Piper Cherry let on as if nothing had happened.
Worried they might have witnessed more than they should have knowing their curiosity at her home the day her Moving guys gangbanged she and their Mother Josie, Piper held her breath regardless. To make matters worse Piper felt awkward knowing the boy Dakota liked had just unloaded on her. It was better she never found that out. Misdirection needed!
"Sure! Who wants to drive?" She dangles her keys. Eyes quickly brighten up. Even Sable's. "Ah! That's the key to getting you to smile." A jingle was used to tease her further.
"Can we take turns?" Dakota hopped excitably in step. Even with a drivers license their parents rarely let them drive.
"Why not! Everyone appears to want that." Oh, yes her boys did. Detention was going to prove that soon enough.
"Sable over Dakota. One is warmer than the other."
"What?" Dakota pouted, her stately namesake went right over the border into Canada.
Sable felt all fuzzy inside.
Piper?
At least now she wasn't breaking the no panties pact any longer.