Vacation, Day one
Jack and I arrived at a wonderful beach setting for our vacation, ready to relax and disconnect from the world. We scoured the internet for an out of the way, not touristy location that would strike a balance between "So off the grid we sleep covered in mosquitos" and "5,000 drunken people per square mile". We found the perfect place. Domestic, so not too expensive to get to, it was a lovely little bungalow with beach access and a view of the sunset with no TV or Wi-Fi but a small refrigerator and stove and just a short drive from a small town with a few nice restaurants and bars. A nice king bed that faced the entrance, French doors with white curtains, sheer enough to see a figure, but not see through and a door to the left of the bed that led to a patio with the aforementioned sunset view and a small but lovely bathroom to the right of the bed. Modest, but lovely, exactly what we wanted.
We hit the beach, had a few drinks sitting on the patio that evening and spent the night with an ocean breeze coming in through the window while we slept for a bit, woke and had sex and then slept for a bit more, waking to have some more sex, and then finally sleeping the rest of the night through. It was a perfect start to our much needed break from the day to day grind of our jobs.
Vacation, Day Two
Wonderfully oblivious to the time except for the sun peeking through the French Doors, we rolled around in bed waking up nice and slowly. Cuddling, fondling and kissing, we woke up having foreplay. Honestly my favorite way to wake up, at home or while travelling!
I eased my way down Jack's chest, kissing and rubbing his body as I worked my way down. I positioned myself with my feet at the head of the bed, lying on Jack's right side. Stroking his now fully hard cock, I lovingly stroked and sucked on the head, somewhat teasingly. I stroked, licked, sucked and kissed his cock with no sense of urgency to finish him, just enjoying every fluid moment of pleasure I could give. I was very happy that despite my slow approach, Jack seemed to be very much in the moment as well, obviously in pleasure but not in such a state (yet) that he was dying to come. He rubbed my ass, rubbed up the inside of my thigh and ran his fingers along my labia as I worked on his cock.
I don't know (or care) how long I had been worshipping my husband's cock when I noticed someone peeking through a small gap in the white curtains on the side of one of the French doors. To my surprise, I was not in the least bit fazed or startled, it instantly excited me. I noticed the face, and it took me awhile to determine if it was male or female, as I could mostly just see an eye at first. Eventually, it became clear it was a woman. A housekeeper I assumed. I took the opportunity to really put on a show at that point. I moved and straddled Jack in a 69 position, placing his cock in between my tits. I asked Jack to hand me the lube from the night stand and he passed it down to me. I lubed up his cock until it was slick and shiny and then began to stroke it with my tits, glancing towards the voyeur occasionally but trying to not let her know that I was aware of her. The face stayed where it was, occasionally drifting into view a little more before realizing she was in danger of being in full view and ducking back to the side.
I was relishing the fact that we were being watched. I didn't say anything to Jack to let him know we were putting on a show. I didn't want him to move suddenly and look towards the window and scare off our audience.
Jack was loving my performance as well. He had been eating me for a while but soon couldn't focus enough. I could feel by his muscles starting to tighten that he was close to coming. When he announced is impending arrival (wink) I pulled back and finished him with my hand, watching his load shoot from his cock in big arching ropes, landing on my tits, his legs, and the sheets. Just as I drained the last of Jack's come, I looked directly at the window and our voyeur. I made eye contact with her and smiled as wide and as wicked as I could. Her eyes widened and she disappeared. I had to let out a little laugh as she did. Jack just figured I was laughing at the ferocity with which he came. He laughed too as he caught his breath. I licked around his cock head and gave his drained balls a nice little tongue kiss before getting off of him and heading towards the bathroom.
We showered, dressed and had breakfast in our room (no room service, just supplies we bought at a local store and brought with us.) before heading down to the beach for another morning of resting in the sun, splashing in the surf, reading and napping.
About midday we headed back to the bungalow to have some lunch. As we walked back up the path towards our tiny little hotel, I could see the laundry and housekeeping room on the side of the one of the buildings. The path to our room was going to lead us directly past it and I was so hoping to see if I could get a glimpse of the housekeepers and maybe see if I could tell which one was looking in on us this morning.
I left Jack's side, telling him I was going to grab some extra towels. Jack said sure, he'd meet me at the room. I walked up to the door way and saw two housekeepers standing in the laundry room. One was an older lady, in her late 60s I'd say, with sun bleached hair and skin and as I soon heard, a Marge Simpson voice from years of smoking I would assume. She saw me first and I knew right away it had not been her in my window that morning. She asked me in her husky voice if she could help me. As I began to answer her, the other woman turned around and I knew instantly it was her who got a peep show earlier.
Her eyes widened when she saw me standing there and I later realized she probably thought I was coming to complain about a peeping...Tammy? LOL She was in her early 30s, petite, short brunette hair in a cute bob cut with olive skin. She looked a little rough around the edges, a black raven tattooed on her neck I had not seen earlier. She was very attractive despite her hard-core first impression and her maid uniform looked very good on her 5'3 or so frame, hugging it and making her ass look , well, just delightful!
I asked the older maid for some extra beach towels and she turned around and grabbed me some, asking if I was enjoying my stay. I told her both me and my husband were having a VERY nice time and we were going to try and take advantage of every opportunity to have fun on our visit, all while looking the younger tattooed maid and smiling. The younger maid soon realized I was flirting and gave me a big smile in return. The older maid turned around and I looked back at her as she handed me the towels, thanking her. I asked her how long she had lived in the area and if she would recommend any place to eat. She said she and her daughter, gesturing back to the younger maid, were born and raised in the area and she gave me the name of a couple of different places to eat. I said that the beach front seafood place sounded great and that we'd be sure to try that one, trying to give the younger maid a hint. I thanked her again and gave the younger maid another smoky, flirty look and smile as I turned to leave.
My mind was racing with possibilities and my pussy was getting wetter by the step as I walked back to the room. It had been too long since Jack and I had indulged in a 3some with another woman (hell, any threesome at all) and I was so excited at the possibility of having one in such a beautiful and exotic location. I wasn't sure how this would play out, or if the peeping maid was bi or not or anything really. I just knew that she was glued to the action as she watched this morning and was at least kinky enough to be an uninvited voyeur, so who knows; maybe she'll be game to play with us?
Jack was already showering off the sea salt when I walked in, so I went straight into the bathroom and joined him in the shower. I got in and pressed myself against his soapy body and we started kissing. It wasn't too long at all and Jack was hard and ready to go. It was a small shower, but I managed to get a foot up and pressed against one wall and Jack bent his knees just enough to slip inside me and fuck me standing up in the shower, the water spraying against his back as I gripped his clenching ass cheeks while he thrust into me. We both came and I imagined our sexy maid standing in the doorway to the bathroom, her pants around her ankles and her fingers in her pussy as she watched and listened to us fuck.
We rinsed off, dried off and Jack stood naked in the kitchen while I sat naked at the table, watching that fine ass and muscular legs as he applied condiments to the bread. We sat and ate and I mentioned the restaurant the maid recommended and suggested that we should try it for dinner. Jack said sure, being the easy going, up for anything kind of guy I was so lucky to have.
We went back to the beach for a while that afternoon, went for a short walk along an inlet river, then went back to the room and lounged and read and napped before cleaning up a bit before dinner.
We got dressed (not dressed up, just dressed) and put the address into the rental car GPS and headed towards the restaurant. I tried not to get my hopes up that the younger maid would be there, and get too excited about a tryst that was more likely to not happen than happen, but I almost couldn't carry on a conversation with Jack! I just kept thinking about her letting herself in our room with her key and coming up behind me as I was sucking Jack's cock and slipping her tongue in my pussy. Jack could tell I was distracted and asked if I was ok. I just said "Sorry, yeah, it's just so beautiful here!" Jack agreed and drove on and I tried to push my little pornographic scenes out of my head.
We arrived and it was just too perfect. A seaside joint is the only way to describe it. We walked in and were sat at a table against the far wall. I scanned the entire place looking for our maid but couldn't see her anywhere. We ordered a couple of beers and the local catch of the day and soaked in the ambiance. I fully expected Kurt Russell in "Captain Ron" to come strolling through at any moment. We loved it.
I was, however, bummed I didn't see the sexy little maid come walking in. Every time the door would open I'd look towards the door and feel a twinge of disappointment every time it wasn't her walking in.
We had finished our meals and were working on our 2nd round of beers when I suddenly saw both maids come walking in, mother and daughter. Hmmm, not what I was expecting, or hoping. I just continued my conversation with Jack and tried not to stare at them as they walked in. As they were being seated at a table about 15 or so feet away, the older maid noticed me and began to walk over, followed somewhat sheepishly by the younger maid. She waved and said "Hi! Telling you about this place made us want to come eat here tonight! How was your meal?"
"Very good, it's a fun little place. This is my husband Jack and I'm Margie. I'm sorry; I didn't get your names earlier." I said
"Oh, well, nice to meet you Jack and Margie." The older lady said "I'm Nona and this is my daughter Nina." "Nice to meet you" Jack said.
Nina stepped up and extended her hand and I shook it. She said nice to meet you and gave me a knowing glance and then said "Mom, let's let these nice people enjoy their night and go order our food, ok?"
Nona said "Oh, my, of course. Ya'll have a good night now."
As they turned to go back to their table, Nina said "Be right back Mom, I'm going to the ladies' room" and gave me a quick look as she headed past our table. I took it as a "Meet in the bathroom" look and excused myself from Jack after she walked by.
I walked into the hallway where the bathrooms where and Nina was off in a corner behind an old cigarette machine. We made eye contact and she waved me over to her.
I walked over to her and she instantly apologized. "Sorry! My mom insisted in coming out with me. I've been staying with her for a while since my divorce and she can be sooo clingy."
I just smiled and shook my head. "That's fine. No worries. So, did you like the show this morning?"
Nina smiled and turned a little red. "Yes..."
"Do you want to play with us? Sorry to be so blunt, but I like getting to the point." I said with my smile getting more wicked by the moment.
Nina bit her lip. "I do..."
"I like girls. Do you like girls?" I asked
"I do..." she replied
"Do you like dick too?" I asked
I could see her getting flushed and the nipples on her small pert breasts getting hard through her vintage Van Halen t-shirt. She nodded. I glanced over my shoulder making sure the coast was clear before moving in closer to her. I leaned in, smelling her lavender scented lotion, and put my lips right next to hers. "I love eating pussy while my husband fucks me. Would you like that?"
I could feel her breath on my lips and feel her tremble as we stood an inch apart. "Mmm hmmm" she answered.
"When can we do that? I asked
She thought for a moment. "You two are one of only 3 rooms occupied right now. My mom is taking tomorrow off, I can stop by in the morning, clean the other rooms first."
"MMM, that sounds great "I said "Let yourself in with your key this time. I'll have Jack all ready for us. Bring condoms if you want my husband to fuck you" I said in a sexy whisper before giving her a quick kiss and then hurrying back to the table. I loved the taste of her lip gloss and faint taste of whiskey on her tongue.
I got back to the table and sat down with Jack. I was trying very hard to contain my excitement. I did not want to clue Jack into what I was planning just yet. Nina taking my suggestion of letting herself in our room while we are fucking tomorrow will be a wonderful surprise. Tomorrow morning just might turn into a straight out of the porn video fantasy come to life.
I managed to not blow my secret and Jack and I finished our drinks and headed back to the hotel. We got back to the room and leisurely got undressed and lie around reading and chatting. I cuddled up next to him and began caressing his resting cock, until it was no longer resting. I kissed his neck and chest while stroking him, taking my time and enjoying it almost as much as he was.
Eventually, he was too worked up to just sit still and let me massage his cock any longer and rolled over and fucked me from behind while I was lying on my side. He fucked me nice and slowly for quite a while, gradually picking up speed and fucking me nice and hard until he shot his cum inside me. We lay there like that for a nice long time, his cock slowly softening and slipping out of my filled pussy. We just stayed in that position until I could tell Jack was sleeping. I got up and went to bathroom, getting worked up again thinking about Nina coming into our room the next morning. I went and slipped back into bed, ready to unveil my plan in the morning.
Vacation, Day Three
I was waking the next morning nice and slowly, then as I remembered we might have a visitor, my eyes popped open and I checked the time. Based off yesterday's schedule, I still had about 45 minutes before Nina would be peeking through our window. Good, I didn't sleep past it! Whew.
I waited a while, wondering if Jack would wake up before I could get my plan into action. When I thought it wouldn't be but about another 10 minutes or so before Nina appeared in the window, I went to bathroom, freshened up a bit, and went back and cuddled up to Jack. He stirred as I put my hand on his chest. I nuzzled up to his cheek and whispered as sexy as I could "Morning baby, want some pussy for breakfast?"
He laughed a sleepy little laugh and rolled towards me "MMM Breakfast in bed...lucky me."
I moved around, placing my head at the foot of the bed, and grabbed my legs at the knees, pulling them back and spreading them for Jack. He moved into position, coming up and gnawing at my nipples for a time before sliding down and slipping his tongue into my pussy. Goddamn he has a talented tongue and a passion for his work. He tongued and nibbled at my lips and clit, knowing just when to dive his tongue deep into me.
I glanced back towards the door now and then, looking for Nina. Finally, I saw her shadow on the window. She peeked in at us on the side and then I heard her key in the door. As she opened it, she called out the standard "Housekeepingggggg" call. Jack bolted up but before he could say anything, I called out "Yes, come in, we need some assistance!"
Jack's jaw dropped and he looked at me in shock. I just looked up at him and winked. "You shouldn't stop a job half way done, honey" I said
Nina let herself in and smiled at the sight of us. She shut the door behind her and set a small purse down next to the door. Jack looked at her, back at me and back at her again, frozen, not knowing exactly what to do just yet. I extended my hand out as she stood by the door. "Come here, hon, my mouth needs something to do while my husband finishes what he's doing" and waved her over. Jack's shock changed to a huge smirk and he just gave me that "Jesus Christ, you are something else" look. He slid back down and dove back into my pussy with a vengeance. Mmm hmm, I thought, that will teach me!
Nina walked over leaned down, kissing me, and pushing her tongue into my mouth. Jack was eating my pussy with vigor and I was in heaven. Nina was peeled off her jeans and black thong and I reached back and grabbed her legs and pulled her to me. She straddled my face and I kissed up her thigh to her almost clean shaven pussy. She groaned and I felt her legs shake a bit as I slipped my tongue inside her. I reach behind her slim frame and cup her ass and push my tongue deep into her.
Jack had slipped his fingers inside me and sucked on my clit. I could no longer focus enough to eat Nina properly and squeezed her ass with one hand and rubbed her pussy while Jack drove me closer to orgasm. Nina stepped back a little and bent over and began sucking on my nipples.
Jack stopped sucking my clit and asked Nina if she wanted a taste. Nina removed her teeth from my nipples long enough to say "Hell yes!"
Nina stood up and Jack leaned back and grabbed my ankles and spun me around, moving my feet towards Nina and my heads towards him, serving me up to her, as it were!
Nina knelt down and didn't waste any time pushing her face into my pussy. Jack's cock was at full mast and right by my face now. I reached up and began stroking it. Jack moved over me and his balls hung down for my mouth to readily accept them. I sucked on his balls and rolled them around as Nina drove her tongue into me. I had not realized what a long tongue she had. My god, she must be related to Gene Simmons I thought. Jack had gotten me close to coming already and Nina did not take long to get me all the way there. I released Jack's balls from my mouth and came, very loudly, my body convulsing in random muscle contractions. Goddamn...that was fucking good!
Jack was stroking his cock fast and hard and was close to coming himself. I felt Nina crawl up my body and heard her ask Jack if she could swallow his load. Jack groaned loudly at her request and I said from underneath him "Swallow his come, fuck yes swallow my man's hot come!"
Jack growled and grunted out "Now!" Nina moved forward and wrapped her mouth around his cock as Jack removed his hand. Nina deftly managed to take Jack's entire load in her mouth. The sound of her swallowing matched with my view of Jack's balls contracting was amazingly hot. Fucking hell, what a way to start the day!
Nina slowly stood up after finishing off Jack. I slid out from underneath him and smiled at her. "Goddamn hon, you are more fun than I could've hoped for!"
She smiled at the compliment. "Can I get a drink of water and then come back and get comfy with you?" she asked
I said "Of course sweetie!"
She smiled and hopped up off the bed and rushed off towards the bathroom.
Jack was back to breathing normally and looking at me with amazement and disbelief "You sure do make friends fast!" Jack said
I smiled at my husband "And aren't you lucky I do!" I replied!
I came up close to Jack, on my knees on the bed as he stood next to it and caressed his chest and soft cock as I told him about the peep show we gave Nina our first morning in the room and the conversation she and I had near the bathrooms at the restaurant the night before. Jack was almost completely hard by again by the time I was done and kissed me deeply and caressed my breast and told me "I just fucking LOVE traveling with you!"
"Ready to have some crazy fun honey?" I asked
"Why, of course." Jack said, squeezing my ass.
Nina came walking out of the bathroom, naked except for some maroon French cut panties. She had an amazing tattoo, a huge chest piece that went from her collar bones down to her abdomen, a very intricate tribal design with a Native American style eagle as the focal point. Her small breasts were lovely and her Hershey kiss nipples looked very inviting. Nina walked up to the side of the bed and put her hands on her hips and smiled a Cheshire grin and stated plain as could be "Clean, ready and willing to do whatever you two want to do!"
I asked Jack while still devouring Nina with my eyes "Shall we spoil this hard working woman, honey? Give her the best morning she's hopefully ever had while at work?"
Jack replied while rubbing my ass with one hand and lightly pinching one of my nipples with other "I'm certain she deserves it."
We both moved to Nina, standing on either side of her. Jack and I began caressing and kissing her, our hands moving up and down her body. Nina turned her head to me and I kissed her deeply, our tongues twisting together. Jack leaned on and kissed her neck down to her shoulder. I cupped her left breast and Jack's hand moved down to her panties, slipping his hand inside the waistband and slipping a finger into her wet lips. I felt her breath catch in my mouth as Jack began exploring her pussy. I pinched her nipple with one hand and cupped her firm little ass with the other. She bit my lower lip lightly as Jack worked his magic fingers on her.
Simultaneously, Jack and I both had the idea to give her nipples some attention. Jack had her right breast and I had her left and looked into each other's eyes as we each licked, nibbled and sucked on her delicious nipples. I put my left hand on top of Jack's hand working her pussy, my hand on the outside of her panties, pressing Jack's hand into her. Nina placed a hand on each of our heads as we nibbled and teased her nipples.
My hand slipped inside Nina's panties on her ass cheek. I rubbed her ass for a moment then my fingers reached deeper, past her ass to find Jack's fingers. Jack recognized what I was doing, and made room for me. Then working together, we each slipped a finger into her. Nina groaned a delightful groan and I felt her get even wetter as we fingered her in tandem.
I removed my finger from the action and started pulling her panties down over Jack's hand and dropped them to her ankles. She stepped out of them and Jack and I both moved in sync again. (We really do make a great team!)
Jack spun her around and sat her on the edge of the bed. I began lifting her legs and spreading them and Jack moved in for a taste. Nina moaned as Jack pushed his face into her and I moved up on the bed next to her, leaning in and sucking on her breast again as my hand drifted down and I rubbed her clit, feeling Jack's head bump into my fingers now and then.
Jack ate Nina with passion, and then suddenly withdrew his head, his 4 day beard shining with her juices. He pointed at the head of the bed and said "lie down up there" and he just picked Nina up and flipped her over.
I did as instructed and realized Jack meant for me to get eaten as he ate Nina out. I looked at Nina and her face was flushed. I spread my legs and Nina wasted no time getting her tongue in my twat. I looked over Nina at Jack and he smiled a sexy smile before grabbing Nina's ass cheeks, spreading them and diving his tongue back into her pussy from behind. Nina moaned into my pussy. I had the best of the entire deal, getting my pussy tongue fucked and watching my man go to work, his hands massaging the hot little ass in front of him.
After a few minutes of this, Nina stopped working on me to breathlessly say "Con...condoms...purse...condoms in my bag, in my purse"
I chuckled and told Jack "I think she needs fucked babe. Can you take care of that for her?"
Jack stood up, his cock at standing at attention and walked over to the small table by the door where Nina had set her purse down, scooped it up and brought it over to the bed, setting it down next my thigh. "I know that even though my tongue has been in your pussy, I'm not putting my hands in a woman's purse!"
Nina laughed and reached right in and pulled out a string of condoms and tossed them towards Jack. Jack tore one off and opened it without delay. Nina had resumed sucking on my pussy as Jack rolled the condom over his hard cock.
Again, I had the best of it, my pussy getting some good attention and watching Jack with his cock in his hand, the other hand on Nina's ass. He took his time, rubbing his sheathed cock against her lips. He eased his head into her, placed both hands on her hips and slowly and deliberately slid in until he was balls deep. Nina exhaled and groaned with the deep sound I know too well, that wonderful satisfaction that only comes with a pussy filled with a hard cock.
I slid back a bit from Nina and helped her up on her hands. Jack began fucking her with a nice hard rhythm and I spun around and slid under her into a 69 position. Nina would lean down and kiss, suck and tongue my pussy every few thrusts, but she was too busy getting a good fucking to really eat my pussy. I enjoyed the view of Jack's cock sliding into her bare pussy as I rubbed her clit.
Jack's balls were swinging with his thrusts and I slid down a little more and took them into my mouth as he fucked our new friend. Jack groaned a loud "Fuuuuck...that's gooood" as I wrapped my mouth around his balls. I released his sack and he increased his speed and intensity and really began to fuck Nina good and hard.
I guessed Nina was getting close to coming from her breathes and I did what I could to help her along by rubbing her clit in a circular motion as Jack poured it on. In a few more thrusts, Nina was coming, a growl/groan coming from her clenched teeth.
Jack was getting his own, fucking Nina from behind like an animal. Before Nina was done with her own orgasm, Jack drove his cock in to the hilt and stayed there, letting out a nice guttural sound. I watched his balls contract in orgasm for the 2nd time that morning.
Jack slid out of Nina's pussy and stepped back, pulling off his full condom as he did. As I watched him step back from underneath, Nina dove her face and amazing tongue back into my super soaked pussy. I let out a moan and Nina tongue fucked me like I had never been tongue fucked before. She easily had the longest tongue I have ever experienced!
Jack appeared down by pussy with Nina, holding my legs up and giving words of nasty encouragement to Nina, telling her to "make that naughty wife of mine come hard" and to "eat that tourist pussy, give her something a helluva lot better than a souvenir", asking Nina if she liked the taste of my West Coast pussy. Nina managed an enthusiastic "mmm hmmm!" while not removing her mouth from my pussy.
In a few moments, I was coming from her tongue drilling. I'm not a squirter, but I certainly soaked her face and the sheets as I felt the release of orgasm wash over me.
Jack was lying next to me as I came down from my orgasmic high. I opened my eyes to see him looking in my eyes and he kissed me deeply. Nina rolled off of me and stood next to the bed, knees a little shaky. "I'm late as hell getting my shit done now, but luckily no management is here to get on my ass about it."
I said I hoped she didn't get into any trouble, but Nina said no, it'd be fine.
"Thanks for the good time you two, I wish all our guests here like you!"
Jack laughed and said he wished all maids were like her and I thanked her for the extra service.
Nina said it was her pleasure and got up and headed for the bathroom. Jack and I stayed on the bed, caressing and kissing as she got dressed and came back out. "I hate to, but I have GOT to get back to work. Thanks again, you two check out in the morning?"
"We have an early flight out tomorrow, yes." Jack answered
"I doubt I'll be able to come back by before you leave. You two have a good trip home."
"Thank you for making this a vacation to NEVER forget!" I said
Nina smiled and blew us a kiss as she left. Jack and I did not get out of bed except to eat and shower the rest of the day. Fuck, suck, cum, shower, eat, repeat was the course for our last day. We stood on the patio nude and watched the moon rise on the ocean that evening, not caring if someone walking by noticed us through the palms between our room and the sidewalk below. Another vacation and another great sexual adventure under our belts, we will definitely be refreshed when we return home.