A fictional story about a couple that had just realized that their Religious Teachings were keeping them from fulfilling their sexual desires. It is not meant to be all that realistic, but is it not at least a little? Like a lot of my writing though, it's a fucking fantasy. I hope you enjoy the dry humor of the exaggerated situations, and maybe get sexually aroused at the same time. I had to touch myself while writing some parts of it, if I didn't I would not write stories like this. All fictional characters are portrayed as over the age of 18. It was self-proofed with the help of software, so I likely missed some errors.
_____________________________
I am writing this story looking back to an earlier time in my life, to try to determine when, and if my wife and I crossed the line, as our lives and values have evolved so since then. These experiences were in a period of transition for us.
We were raised in the church by our parents as fundamentalist Christians during the Reagan years. This was a period like today when moral minorities were able to convince people that their twisted and sometimes hateful ideas were not only God's will but that of the majority. These twisted interpretations of the bible had been an influence on us in many ways, some good I guess. It had taught us basic right and wrong, but as we got older we realized that morals dictated by a religion of any faith depend on the translation of the bible by the elders and ministers of the church.
Even ministers don't always practice the strict made-up guidelines that they preach. This has not caused us to lose our faith but made us unable to deal with hypocrites that seem to flock to these radical religions. Many just want to judge others which is a clear no-no in biblical teachings. We no longer go to church but follow the basic values and teachings of the bible, but mostly try to live our lives by using the golden rule. We find that, "Treat others as you would like others to treat you," is an applicable rule when it comes to sex.
Our years in the church made us miss out on many fun things that we now know are not sinful. The problem is that that left a lot of things in question as to where we stand morally. We were trying to use the trial and error method to determine what does not cross that fine line of morality. I think you will find out that we were quite naive from all the living we did out of the mainstream.
Some of the basic things that had changed are that my wife started wearing make-up and jewelry. We danced and one of my friends at work talked us into going to parties. She said there is one about every week and she would keep us up to date on them and locations if we enjoyed the first one.
We never went to parties during our church days, not real parties, just family stuff and they were all pretty dull I guess. We also watched movies that would not meet the church's approval. The movies and mixing with all types of people have made us more aware of what mainstream living is all about. We had a lot more fun and are more liberal in our personal and married lives. Yet, we have never felt like we had broken our marriage vows as we interpreted them. But we seemed to be seeking more sexual excitement, we were having more and more fun, but we were constantly wondering, even asking each other if we had crossed the line.
____________________________________________
Here is our story told by myself, time-wise being shortly after it happened:
Ronnie (Rhonda) and I, Marty, (Martin) were in our mid 20's and at the time felt like we missed out on a lot of fun.
As a young married couple, one area in that we seemed to have most of our interest was sex. We talked about it which is healthy and not done in many Christian homes. We both claimed to have been virgins when we took our vows, and I believe her, she knew no more than I did about sex. I personally only relieved myself by masturbation, it is just too hard for a young man full of hormones to pass on. Jerking my penis, (the only name I felt was proper for it at the time) I felt at the time kept me from other things I thought were more sinful. I guess my constant arousal was fueled by unpure thoughts, and now I don't know if they really were. Ronnie too admits to experimental masturbation of her vagina but it was her claim she never reached any kind of orgasm.
We both felt like our marriage and bond would be strengthened by a more liberal look at sex. After marriage, all we did was missionary-style sex. We were taught to begin and end sex with a prayer of thanks to God for the pleasure we received. That was strange advice considering that we were taught sex was meant only for reproducing?
We decided to and went into what was an experimental phase, and we watched a late-night movie on cable and then decided to, well Ronnie decided to try oral sex on me. It turned out to be a more memorable night than our first marital sex on our honeymoon, (which lasted only minutes.)
We had watched a scene in a late-night movie where a woman pulled down the covers to expose a man's flaccid penis, but for only seconds. The scene was just her head going up and down over it and was no longer showing his penis even flaccid. It was not much, but it caused Ronnie to pull down our covers, then the pajamas I once wore, and thought all men did and revealed what was already partly hard penis as we watched the movie. Once she had it out she could not help but to play with it, something I always had to do on my own. She seemed to enjoy it, I know I sure did, settled in on just stroking it a little and looking it over with a curious look on her face. It quickly, swelled so big it was throbbing, I looked at her and her eyes were as big as saucers as she admired what she had caused close up.
I thought I was going to blow just from the soft touch of her delicate hands. I thought about everything I could to hold back, I had hoped to feel at least her lips on it. She found a way to extend the time, but not intentionally. She asked questions that made me a little less in the mood, if she had stopped handling it as she asked them, I am sure I would have gone limp.
Ronnie wanted to know if they were all that size? She said some of her friends back in high school talk about them like they are bigger than that when hard. I was taken aback, well, truthfully, I was a little shaken but told her I was average. I explained to her that high school girls lie about stuff like that, and a lot of them have had very little experience with boys. She replied, "Well even in health class, the way Mr. Johnson described them I thought they got bigger?"
My penis was shrinking, we were losing the moment and I wanted my penis at least sucked.
I had to think quickly, and came up with, "Well there you go, he was a Mr., you had a male teacher, all men exaggerate size too, I bet my penis is as big or bigger than his. Then she slowly bowed her head, we had plenty of practice at that. She pretty much had to start from scratch, and she stuck her little tongue out from her luscious pink lips, and at first, just dragged it across my knob a few times. That saved the moment and my pride as it recovered to its average erect size. Then just using her lips and tongue some more on it she had me with my toes curling up. Slowly she worked up to having the knob and part of the shaft in her mouth and was bobbing her head up and down just like women in the movies. She did her best, it was her first blow-job as the giver and my first as the receiver. I figured the size questions would pass, I did not plan to get any X movies or for her to go to any strip shows where they are all huge.
Ronnie was doing her best as a rookie, and me having my first set of lips on my cock did not last long. We did not pray afterward as we were overjoyed but also laughing too hard. We were laughing because we, well, mostly because Ronnie did not think ahead. She knew what was going to happen in the end from our previous, but very mundane sex by intercourse. She just had no idea when or did she have a plan of action for this type of male orgasm out in the open. All my previous ones came pretty quickly but were in her vagina, and contained. This one was not just explosive but plentiful as well. I think me watching her as she worked my penis in her mouth got me extra excited. She must have been too and did not pull back when I made my noise, there was a lag there. She got more than a few ropes in her mouth before pulling away, but not quite quick enough.
The laughter came as she lifted her head after taking half of my shot in her mouth and half on her face. She looked at me with one cum covered eye closed and not just a half of a facial, but cum coming from the sides of her mouth as well. I will have to say for me as far as pleasureful, it rivaled even the first one I had produced myself by jerking off years back.
All we both could do was laugh, she looked funny, so I am sure it felt that way to her! But we were so pleased with ourselves that we were anxious to do it and some other new things again.
We started to realize then that sex was not for just making a baby or for that brief few moments of pleasure, but it could be fun, and we had been lied to about so many things! We could not get enough, well, we thought. But just blow jobs and missionary sex were not enough, and just made us want to try more, it was my turn to do something more. It was another late-night movie that caused it, it showed the woman's breasts and the man burying his head between them as she cooed in pleasure.
He did not stop there, he then had his head and face between her legs, and she was very happy with it there. But the movie did not even show any of her vagina, at least they showed penises, even though they were flaccid and just a flash. In this case, it was just a flash of her bush then all you could see was the top of his head. The woman in the movie was enjoying it to the point that I could see Ronnie expected me to return her favor.
It was my turn and I was flying blind. I was smart enough that I did not take the word eat literally. But I did not even know what one looked like close up. All I ever saw of her was what was visible under a pretty dense bush. My only real first-hand knowledge was the feel of it when we had intercourse, and I felt it with my hand and penis as I entered it.
I went in first with my tongue anyway and found what I now know is her labia, I parted its lips like Moses did the Sea and stuck my tongue as far as I can get it in there. I think I liked it better than her at first although she did moan, but was it just encouragement for me to work harder? I was overwhelmed and had some learning to do, but so did she.
I did my best and decided I was going to need to do some research. This was pre-internet, so I had to get a health book at the library and a Playboy from the corner market. I learned that there was a G-Spot and a clit, and that it was a very sensitive place that can be massaged to give the woman pleasure. The magazine said it was the place to work to give a woman orgasm but had no clue what part that was or how to find it. I referred to the health book and at least learned the basic layout.
After many tries I hit pay-dirt, I think it was purely accidental, but when her moans turned to, "Oh Yeah Honey, and just plain "Yes." I concentrated on it, and I eventually gave her an orgasm, her first. It scared me, she was all flushed and had her little fist clenched, but then she kissed me, and then I knew I did well. I did not pray to give thanks for that as I had to do it all on my own, nowhere in the bible is it mentioned how to please a woman. I reasoned why give thanks to the guy that helped to hide all these pleasures from us? I was the one that received thanks for the first "O." Ronnie immediately proceeded to give me thanks, if it was a prayer, it was said silently with her mouth full of my cock again. In the end, we were thankful for what pleasure we gave each other.
The late-night movies did give us a variety of sexual positions, not in detail but figuring out how to do them was half the fun. A few missteps along the way, I was too soon thinking she might like my penis in her butt. We continued to learn so I will move on to another area.
We started going to parties where the people were our age, and usually house parties. Most of them were too dull, but we did not want to go to ones involving drugs, but avoiding booze was impossible. Finally, we tried going to some parties my workmate recommended as moderate. Looking back it had to be obvious to her I, or we were pretty clueless about the world. We would see her there but did not want to glob onto her, but eventually, I would dance with her. We even participated in the ingestion of wine, they drank wine in biblical days, right? It loosened us up to dance and mingle.
Ronnie finally got the nerve to accept a dance offer from a guy that had been in one of her classes in high school, years before. He was there with his wife who was dancing with someone else so she thought it must be OK to dance with other married men. She looked toward me, and I encouraged her with a head nod. I figured I did not own her, just made some promises to love her and adore, and protect her.
She danced a full dance and part of another back in a dark area before she came back to the table. She had a funny look on her face and I asked her what caused it. She was embarrassed to tell me at first but I got it out of her. Ronnie got close to me so no one could hear her and said, "He moved his hand down and was holding my butt during the second dance. At first, I ignored it, then his hand went under my waistband and he slid it down my bare butt and I think his fingers were headed between my legs. I thought he was going for my bush so I panicked and ended the dance."
I told her it was not her fault if she did not return his moves. Then she said, "Yes, but I panicked because when his hand got that close to my vagina, I got this warm feeling, a good feeling. I wished his fingers were inside it, now I feel so wet down there and a little ashamed."
I told her it was just his fingers and not his penis, so if she liked it him doing it was not that bad a thing, and you can't help liking something. So we solved that problem if it feels that good and does not feel that wrong to you, we probably should at least give it a try. He asked her again right in front of me a little later if she would like to dance again, he acted as if nothing happened earlier. She accepted she seemed to have some courage after I reassured her she did nothing wrong, and we both had a few more glasses of wine. She was a little tipsy going to the dance floor, then later came back looking pretty flushed, but I did not pressure her for details, I was pretty sure she let him do more. She became a busy dance partner after that, I guessed she gave him a little more freedom. People on the dance floor can see what is going on with others, and word got around, and like immediately. The hottest girl at the party did not mind a little touchy-feely.
I kind of enjoyed it too, from what I could see. I liked watching to see how long it would take for her partner to get the nerve to move a hand down to that fabulous ass of hers. Then watching for any reaction from her. Eventually, one danced her back into a dark area of the dance floor, a place where people seemed to disappear for a while. It was an area back in some foliage. She stayed there a while with him and was not very visible to me. When she came back this time she was flushed and I thought she seemed really upset about something. I was ready to go after him if he hurt her. She wanted to go home. I pushed her to tell me why and she said, "He worked three fingers inside my vagina, and was pushing them in and out as you do with your penis. I did not know if I should, or how long if I did."
I ask her if it hurt her, and if he forced them in? She said, "That was the problem, it did not hurt, or was not that uncomfortable going in, it kept feeling better as he sped up. I was so turned on that I felt a need for you and came back so we could go home and I could give you a blow job, and you can put your fingers in me. Maybe then have intercourse. Well, honey, I will just say it, in the world we are in now that we left the church, "We can go home and have a good Fuck."
We did, we fucked, using dirty words between each other could not be that bad, and that was the start of more special nights of sex for us both.
I am not a good dancer but started dancing more at parties, I admit I wanted to touch and be touched by someone else too. It took me a while to get courage, just like the guys with Ronnie, it is harder than it looks. I started with just three fingers below the waistline of the friend I knew from work. I was not sure if I could get the nerve to go inside her but she had her hands all over my body so I kept going. She continued to return the favor and had me by the cock, so I took that as an OK and entered her with my fingers.
I have to say both giving and receiving from someone new felt good. Ronnie and I were still in the rule-making stages of this experimentation so I did not tell her I started it, just that I enjoyed someone else grabbing my cock like she enjoyed a guy's fingers. We had not yet decided what was wrong because we were having too much fun. On nights like that, we went home to have some of the best experimental and learning sex ever.
Another milestone came at what seemed to be a party of more open-minded people I will call them. It was another outdoor party that my friend from work turned us on to that she said might be a step up for us action-wise. So we went to it on a hot summer night. It was some of the same crowd as usual. Ronnie had shopped for something more casual, and well, sexier. I was starting to see a change in her, like she was ready to show more, and do more. She came home with what they call culottes a cross between shorts and a skirt, that was very short, and was popular back then. She bought a top that could be worn without a bra and it showed some of her fabulous breasts, and without a bra, cleavage galore! I had to reassure her that not having a bra on was not too much. I guess I wanted to show off her great breasts too.
The culottes were very short, I think a lot of guys thought it was just a short skirt, and she was getting a lot of attention at the garden party, and I liked that. Was I wrong to be proud to show off my beautiful wife? Her dance card was full, and I was doing better. Looking back, and now knowing what kind of party we stumbled into, we were fresh meat I guess. It did not help that we were rookies to drinking, we did not know our limits as far as how much our judgment might be impaired as we drank more. The sexy clothes and drinking together seemed to make Ronnie more daring, I liked this side of her.
She came back after one dance so far in a dark corner of the room that I could not see her. All that cleavage she was showing had turned pink, as was her face, she was flushed this time. I had to know, but she was not quick to tell me, I think she thought she really did something wrong this time. I was too curious not to press her, again and she moved over close to tell me. She said, "I wanted to find out what my limits were, and let him put both a hand up my top, and one down my pants, and some fingers in my vagina.
He felt up my bare breasts at the same time he fingered me. So I went too far I guess, I reached down under his waistband to see what he had. I found what felt like a pretty big and hard penis I could not help but play with a little while he played with my parts. I don't want to talk about the rest of what happened here and now where someone might hear. But I am just ashamed and turned on from it, and now I want to go home."
I told her I was not ready yet but if she was that upset about it we could. She replied, "I don't think that upset is the right word, upset has never made me this wet, but I am a little ashamed. But what I did made me want more, I just would not trust myself dancing with anyone right now."
I did not know what to say and was not going to push her to what she was ashamed of. I was speechless yet so turned on as well, I was rock hard with no contact. I told her she did nothing wrong if she liked it, but we could go soon after fulfilling a dance promise. I told her in the future let's try to hold on to the feelings that we get during parties and act on them later in bed.
I went off with one of the women I promised a dance, and she stayed at the table to cool down. I had to wait until my cock relaxed first. I had accepted a request from an older, somewhere between MILF and mature that let me feel her ass once before. Maybe because she was not as young or hot as the others she chose me to go after, and then let me molest her a little.
She took the lead and danced me over to the area where Ronnie had been with the guy, it was kind of private with a lot of vegetation. She pulled back into a spot where we could only be seen by others in that area. She pulled my hips until my groin was against hers, and held me there tight. I got hard again, and I was kind of flushed so I kept my head next to hers so she would not see it. Then she kissed me on my cheek, and on my neck and it made things worse. I did not know what to do as it was about then I could see what some were doing, and some without their clothes covering all of them.
One woman had her breasts exposed as a guy's head was buried in them. I could just see the back of another guy, his pants part way down. He was pushing up against a woman as his pants were falling down. He did not stop to fix them, then I was pretty sure by all the bare skin I was seeing on the two of them that some kind of sex was going on. I could barely see the woman in front of him she was hidden by a shrub, but I was pretty sure she was kneeling, but not in prayer. She was sucking the cock he was shoving in there I figured.
It was about then my partner let loose of my hips and whispered in my ear, your choice, you want to fuck me, or for me to just suck you, your cock seems perfect for sucking. I should be able to take it all by the feel of it. I was certainly not ready or thought I would ever be to fuck at a party and said so. I was mulling that over she slid her hands down under the waist of not just my pants, but my boxers too. She had me by my hard cock and I have to say I liked it just like Ronnie liked getting felt up and feeling a guy's hard cock.
She made the next decision too, telling me, "You have a cock that feels like just the right size for sucking, I don't like those big long ones, too hard to swallow. Before I could stop her she had my shorts down below my ass they slid the rest of the way down on their own leaving my bottom half exposed. Of course, that meant my hard cock, and her big tits were out in the open at a party. Once she dropped to her knees, she had it in her mouth, and I could not get myself to stop her.
She worked my cock, and I looked around and realized we could be seen. We could be seen by other couples that were back there with us because I could see some of what the other couples were doing. It did not matter though, and honestly, no one was staring at my average cock. A couple of guys spotted her big breasts though, you could not miss them even at a distance. Everyone else was busy doing some of the same things, one couple was just plain fucking, I think, he had her leaned over and all I could see was his ass moving. It was my first time seeing another couple fucking live at a party!
It was a whole new feeling for me just having someone else sucking my cock, let alone watching someone else pound a woman with his at the same time. I tried not to, but I started to cum, and she just held my penis there as she took some in her mouth and on her breast. I did not know at that point that women would take a stranger's cumshot in their mouth. I was then both upset and overjoyed but excused myself to go back to my Ronnie. She wanted to know why I was now flushed and I told her, now I have something to confess, not here, now it's definitely time to leave.
I confessed to Ronnie in brief, "Honey, I just found out why you were so turned on after dancing over in that dark more private area. This lady that looked like a conservative school teacher or librarian danced me over there. I was not that attracted to her if at all, she was older. She then gave me an option of me fucking her, or her just sucking me, I was confused. But when she put her hand down my shorts and boxers and grabbed and held my penis my attitude started to change. She made it hard as she kissed me, and before I could stop her she had my pants down.
I was not sure how to take it but she told me I had a cock that was just the right size for sucking, and she did. I am so sorry, but it felt so good I could not stop her." She was relentless and did not stop until I came partly on her and myself, and then I had to pull up my pants and leave that area. We have to go before this wet spot starts to show."
She just looked at me speechless for a moment, said nothing but took me by the hand and pulled me to my feet, I figured she was pissed and wanted to go home so I just went along! It turned out that after we said our goodbyes and got in the car she was turned on by it too.
I barely had the car started when I looked over to see that she pulled off her top, and told me, I am so horny, I was really bad, and have more to add to my confession. "A lot of what happened out there with him was my idea, I wanted to, and showed my breasts to him. I wanted an opinion other than yours who has seen them a lot. He liked them I guess and was feeling them as he kept pushing his hard penis against me. I guess I lost control and let him take my breasts out of my top, and then was really feeling me up, and he was kissing them all over and sucking my nipples in front of others." (she told me this as she fondled her breasts that were lit up by the street light we were parked under.)
She then said as she played with her nipples, "While he was kissing these and making them hard like this, it distracted me. He used that chance to pull down his shorts, and I looked down to see his hard cock sticking out from his groin. It was a nice one, the only other one from yours I ever saw that close, and it looked bigger. I was frozen for a moment not knowing what to do. With a very little urging from him, like lightly pushing down on my shoulders, then my head, it was obvious that he wanted me to at least consider sucking it. I could see it was pretty big, I just could not resist finding out what a bigger one would feel like in my mouth. I got all the way down on my knees, and he put it up against my lips. Just like the lady you danced with I just had to take it in my mouth and suck it."
"He was pretty big, more than a mouthful, but I liked it, it was different. I could feel the tip of his penis making my cheeks bulge. I guess like when we first did it I was too excited this time too. When he made that noise, and I felt the first blast, I tried to get away from it. I got some of it in my mouth and some on my breasts, I was glad my top was loose and it did not show when I pulled it back down over my bare breast. I am so sorry I showed my tits to a stranger and then sucked his cock, but I couldn't stop. In the process, I did discover that I like the taste of cum. I will make it up to you right now, I want more, and will take a whole load of yours, so pull down your pants."
She was sitting there topless and willing to suck and take my load, so I pulled them down. Then she gave me my first blowjob in a car parked on a public street. We were under a street light, some traffic we could have been seen from an SUV or pickup. This was my wife who had never been topless outside the house or even in a car before. Once I was cleaned up, and we were on the road she pulled off her culottes, revealing something else I did not know, she had gone to the party pantieless. She was totally naked and so excited that she was giggling about being that way in the car.
We were on to something daring, and it was exciting and new. I guess we were both even as far as oral with someone else. She was clearly turned on and had one leg up on the dashboard, and the other was lifted and pushed against the back of my seat. My naked wife with her pussy lips spread wide open started masturbating for me, the first time I ever saw her diddle herself. I think she had some practice like me. I could barely keep my eyes on the road while she was running her fingers in and out of her hole. Once she got off, she was back to sucking my cock again, this time with her big round, and bare ass sticking up in the air.
So there we were, she was naked, and looking just stunning that way I might add. I was naked from the waist down and driving down the road with my hard pecker sticking up between the steering wheel and my belly. It was so exciting, every time we went under a street light, her beautiful ass lit up.
Once we were on the highway, a truck pulled alongside and he spotted her naked butt, it is a nice butt and sizable, you could not miss it and still pass a driving eyesight test. He gave her a toot with his air horn. I told her, You have been mooning a trucker and likely some other motorist in SUVs. But the trucker who saw your ass apparently was taken with it and wanted to show his approval, she did not react at first, then he honked again.
This time she turned the whole way around to look and said, "He is cute sitting up there, the next thing I knew she had her legs spread again one on the dash, the other against the side window to show off her breasts and pussy at the same time. Not sure if she spread her pussy lips but I am guessing "yes," I think all the wine made her giggle as she displayed herself. This was not my wife, but then I guess it was a side of her that comes out while drinking and sexually excited. I guess her sucking a stranger's cock at a party, then mine twice proves how excited she was. He double-honked his approval and pulled away, and she got back to work as I stretched to reach over her back to try to finger her.
We got home and I pulled my pants back on, but she just giggled and said she did not want to dress, she liked being naked and showing her pussy to a trucker. She said she wanted to stay naked and fuck me until the next morning. So I went to unlock the door to the house, hoping she would put at least something on, or worst case, get it open in case she wanted to make the dash to the door naked.
I unlocked the door and looked back at the car to see what she decided, but she was still naked, and after slamming the car door was strutting up the sidewalk to the porch. She did look hot with her tits swinging, and her naked ass swaying. But we have to live there and I wanted her to hurry. But she just giggled and took her good old time getting there. Then instead of going through the door, I was holding open, she was twirling her naked body around laughing saying, "Look I'm naked everybody," and making way too much noise doing it.
I turned the porch light on to try to shame her into coming in. She said, good maybe the neighbor boy can see me, and she did one last little dance for the college kid across the street I guess. Then tried successfully to pull down my shorts to get to my cock, and we stumbled into the house that way. I could tell I was going to have to carry her up the stairs and fuck her to get her to settle down for the night. The whole time she was giggling loudly.
I told her someone had to see her naked walking from the car or dancing on the porch! She said, "That's what I want, I especially want that neighbor boy to see me, that cute college student across the street with the fit body. I want to blow or fuck him, both I guess. I have admired him as he mows the lawn in nothing but short shorts. I like to imagine he does that for me! I even imagine his big long cock is going to pop out of one of the legs as he does. I have also had dreams of him showing up at the door when you are not home to see if I need anything. Then he pulls down his pants to show me the biggest cock ever, and I start sucking in on the porch or bend over to let him fuck me, but before anything happens I wake up. Then she giggled some more!
I thought to myself yeah, but that it is not going to happen, but in this state of mind she probably would do that, she might even fuck him. I thought maybe I should hide the wine we have at home, she had too much, and the excitement of sucking a stranger's cock really set her off.
I did not think either one of us was what I would call overly inebriated at the party, but I did not have as much as I was the driver. But I guess drinking was still kind of new to us. She dominated me that night as my dance partner had done at the dance. We had sex in the kitchen and drew the line when she wanted it on the front porch. So then it was sex in the living room next before fucking in our bed until the wee hours of Sunday morning, I was glad we quit going to church so I did not have to get up early.
We went to more parties that summer, and her drinking continued. She was somewhat liberated, she quit wearing the more conservative culottes, and was now wearing short skirts with no panties and not trying to hide that fact from me or anyone else for that matter. The new and when inebriated Ronnie liked being sexy and showing her private parts to strange men. It was hard for me to watch being sober, I had to be careful how much I drank as I was the driver.
There were numerous incidents like the previous one at some of the more ruckus parties. I had not just let the first ones ride, but I participated in some sex acts with other women too, but she was trying to outdo me. I guess the good thing was she would always confess them to me, well I think she was telling me everything?
Like I am not sure if I got the whole story when one night I could see her open her legs to lure a cute guy over to ask her to dance. When he did, she was gone with him for a long time, and I mean a long enough time I considered looking for her.
She later confessed at the table between the hiccups she acquired, that she let a guy strip her all the way naked back in some bushes. Not like that was difficult, all she had on was a skirt and top without a bra. Then she said she let him finger her, that was not new I guess. Then she said, "I got so worked up, it was only fair that I should pull down his pants to see what he had to offer a woman."
She was so brutally honest saying, "He was bigger than you, and the ones I grabbed or sucked before, I kind of wondered if it would fit in my little pussy hole. Then he tried to push it in, and I pushed back a little, but in truth, I wanted to as least see if he could get it in. Well, I felt a little pop as his knob got through, he shoved it the rest of the way and I am sorry, but it sure felt good in there."
But she also claimed even though it more than passed the (it felt good test,) she realized going as far as fucking a stranger and letting him cum in or on her might be going too far. Said she got him to stop fucking her before that happened by promising she would stay naked in the bushes with him, and he could finger her. But either way, she would get him off with the best blow job he ever had. She told me, "I started sucking his cock that just came out of my pussy, so I got to taste myself too. Then when he said he was about to cum, I said not in my pussy, he had a pretty big load. He got up then and left me there naked, and I had to find my clothes."
I was a little concerned about her getting naked at a party, and let's face it, letting a guy fuck her, then sucking his cock.
But then I figured what could I say, I had been sucked by a stranger who offered to let me fuck her and likely would have if she had been as young and hot as Ronnie. I did not ask where he came on or in her, and she did not volunteer that information. I was curious if she took it on her, or took her first total mouth shot from a stranger, but I did not ask for fear of the answer. I was horny as hell thinking about all this and could not wait to fuck her.
We were so worked up after her confession we did something wild. It was early in the evening, and we both had a good buzz on, and I needed time to sober up a little. So we danced with each other, first I showed her off, I had my hands on her ass, and her skirt pulled up dangerously high. She whispered, "I can feel a little draft down there, (giggle) with no panties, you might be showing off my wet pussy, (giggle) I love you!"
I told her I loved her too, and I danced her to the dark in the same area she had been, stripped, fucked by another man, and left naked. It both pissed me off and turned me on. We were mostly obscured from the others back there having different kinds of sex. We may have been the only married couple with our spouse back there. I wanted to show off my girl's breasts and do something bold and exciting.
I guess I wanted to prove to her that sex with her husband at a party could be exciting too. So I got behind her and lifted her top all the way off first, and felt her up so the others in what I will call the sex area with us could see her great boobs. I guess I wanted to recreate some of what she told me. So in an act that I am not sure how I got the courage to do, I pulled on her skirt and it fell down to the ground.
Ronnie looked a little shocked that I stripped her naked too, but I could tell she loved being looked over, then she reciprocated, and pulled off my shorts and boxers. She started to try to pull my shirt off too, so I bent over so she could.
Yes, we were both naked, I hoped that was a big enough thrill for her. I can't say that even thinking about it now doesn't give me a chill. It was bold, and we were obscured from the bulk of the party, but only partly from the others back there with us by a bush. I figured she could suck my cock and we could dress and leave. But she laid down on her back on the grass and lifted her legs in the air. I figured why not shove my (not quite as big of cock) inside her, and fuck her, she is my wife?
I could see at one point I had the attention of some other couples back in that area, some even stopped what they were doing to watch a crazy couple fucking. I felt like such a stud to be fucking my hot wife in front of other people that were out for some of the same kicks, I wondered if I outdid them.
I kept her legs in the air, and I liked the thought that other women could see my cock going in and out of my wife's pussy and my balls hitting her ass. I was giving her everything I had, I know because my balls were tender the next day. If anyone back there was not aware visually of what we were doing, her moaning and praises clued them in. "Oh Marty that feels so good, this is so hot!"
Well that was my game plan, (showing these other girls what they are missing would have been a better choice of words.) After I busted my nut in her, I stood up still hard and could see what we had done caught on even more. Couples that were not just spectating were either leaning their partners over or rolling around naked in the bushes and fucking as well. We were the first to start and I was the first to display my whole naked body with its hard dripping cum.
But I was again overlooked in favor of the view of my naked wife standing there proudly naked too, and showing off her fantastic breast, and my cum dripping from her pussy. I don't know where she is learning these things, must be watching dirtier movies than me. But she reached down and took two fingers to gather my cum, and put them in her mouth. That drew some Oohs and Ahhs from what were about 4-5 couples in the bushes. She just stood there boldly after that not trying to hide any part of her, then started to giggle in the excitement of what we had done.
In fact, she was so excited, that she told me she would gather her clothes and walk out to the car naked in front of the whole party hand in hand if I would, and I actually considered it. Where did this new side of her come from all of a sudden? It was a new me too, I had never been naked in public period, let alone fucking. We didn't walk out naked of course, it was a big party and I knew
a couple of people there, but after finding our wadded-up clothes and dressing, we were looking pretty disheveled as we left.
Ronnie and I were in such a nice place in our relationship, keeping each other up on some of the things we did with others. She was interested in the exhibitionist lifestyle and wanted to fuck on the porch sometime. I did give in one night we were drinking and we fucked on the glider out there, no one could see, but might have heard her begging me to turn the light on as she was riding my dick.
It was mostly Ronnie getting the action, for me mostly the little old crowd, but I pulled down a couple of their panties and fucked them. For one thing, the older ones are more grateful. I thought I might get more action from the advertising of my body at the party, but now I was still not known as one of the hung guys. All in all, It was mostly blow jobs I received, Ronnie was getting fingered and fucked more than that one time. But she said she would not consider going that far unless she likes what she feels in his pants, and would not let a man cum inside her. I doubt she ever got through a party without fucking or sucking a cock or two, she was obsessed with cocks, and seemed to be searching for bigger ones.
Surprisingly I was not jealous and worried about her running off with someone, we were happy in all other ways, and I think liked being free to have others and be able to talk about it. It all just turned us on and made us fuck each other more often. But no, it was the other guy's turn. When he got done she saw me and had the nerve to smile.
Eventually, Ronnie made friends with Corinne, she kind of worshiped her as the woman that helped to open up our lives sexually. Later that summer and into the fall she had her to dinner a couple of times, each time we seemed to drink more wine with her. I was pouring it hoping something might happen between me and her. Yes, I wanted to fuck her.
One night in the fall both Ronnie and Corrine got pretty tipsy. They were in the kitchen talking and I fell asleep on the sofa watching TV. I woke up after a short nap, before I even opened my eyes I felt my penis getting serviced. I opened my eyes to see not just a naked Ronnie, but Corrine naked for the first time. The two of them were taking care of me, a team effort blowjob. Two hot naked women with fabulous breasts hanging down from them. I don't know how they did it, but they had me naked from the waist down while I was sleeping. I did not know what to think, but in sexual heaven like that, why think?
All my concentration powers were at work to try to keep from cumming, I did not want this show and the pleasure of it to end. I hoped it would go further and pulled off my shirt. I was just not sure what they had planned or if they had one, Corrine, unlike us, was a seasoned sexual being. She was teaching Ronnie as they pleasured me. She did not just work on my shaft she demonstrated ball-sucking to her. I loved her work but I really wanted this to end in me fucking Corrine.
Corrine told me to come down on the floor with them so I did of course. I was sprawled out with my dick in the air. She ask Ronnie if I was any good at 69, well we knew what it was but had not done much. I think Ronnie was afraid to say if I was.
Corrine said, well let me try him out, OK? Of course, it was by me and Ronnie agreed. Next thing I knew I had Corrine's bald pussy being lowered on my face. Right away I knew this hairless pussy thing was a winner, I could see her pussy in such detail, and I like what I saw. She said, "Go ahead show me what you know."
I did not know much, but I knew I wanted my tongue in there, so I spread her pussy lips and stuck it in her hole. That was almost the end of the test, she said, "I can see you are going to need some further instruction, never do that first, you have to lick the right places to get it ready. The next thing I knew it was game over for me as a giver, she lifted her leg off and resumed teaching Ronnie how to suck it. I enjoyed the view, but I was starting to think fucking her was not in the cards that night.
They did a good job, and Ronnie was learning how to lick under the rim of my knob, I liked that. But I really wanted to fuck Corrine!
They kept going and when she finally detected the "I am ready" look on my face, she said, "Take over Marty."
Then she had Ronnie lie down next to her, and she told me to straddle them and give them a facial. Well, that was exciting and new, I was up for that.
I managed to get my knees from above their heads and started jerking. Oh, the view, two naked women from the top looking down at their breasts and comparing them, one bald pussy one bush, I like them both. But I liked seeing them looking up at me jerking with their mouths open the best. It was almost, well I guess just as thrilling as fucking Ronnie at the party. I had that same feeling of dominance over them I had over Ronnie, and the audience factor I got from jerking for the two of them was good as well.
When I did orgasm, it was one of the most terrific feelings and most bountiful ones I ever had. The visual I was given when done did not hurt either. The girls had cum on their faces and neck and breasts. Ronnie showed her how important it was for the male to have his penis cleaned off by a tongue right after ejaculation. It was so sensitive and my toes curled up and, I just could not hold still.
The show was not over though. The girls were down on the carpet licking each other clean, and they got hung up at the breasts, especially the nipples. I watched closely because I could tell Ronnie was enjoying it and figured I could learn some things.
I did not get to put my cock in her pussy, but she did mount my face after she helped Ronnie mount my dick to ride me. I was surprised to look up and see Ronnie's hands holding Corrine's breast. I guess I should not complain, it was another late and awesome night. I tried to do better and was licking every part in sight, I did need some help there. I don't think Corrine was testing me for a grade, she was too busy kissing Ronnie as she rode me. It was a great night, a weeknight though, and we all three had to call off work.
Ronnie and I continued our sex the next day and talked as well. We decided that it was important that we communicate our feelings and actions. Ronnie confessed to having a preparatory lesson on breast and nipple stimulation from Corrine one night I was out. During that session she mentioned that if we all enjoyed it, she would like to teach her how to please a woman down below, but that she would not bring it up again, it was up to her. Well, by the sounds Ronnie made the night before, I think she was interested.
I was turned on by her and Corrine's activity and pushed for more info in that area. I wanted to be ready in case Corrine wanted me to participate, or to at least watch until it was my turn.
We again discussed if we were violating our marriage vows or God's laws. We decided it was too pleasing to not do if neither of us objects or feels guilt. But I guess it is hard to feel guilty while doing something like that. Ronnie eventually confessed that letting the guy fucked her was more her idea than his. She said she did not want to overload me with information the first time she fucked another man. She said that she always made sure he knew that cumming inside her was not on the table, and most guys did not last long anyway after getting their cock sucked. She said she got tired of trying to clean cum off herself in the bushes, so she started taking mouth shots. Again what she said made me too hot to even consider being upset about.
I was not going to be the one to object, what we had done so far has not hurt us or anyone else. It has strengthened our marriage through sex.
Ronnie told Corrine she wanted to learn to please both women and men, but she preferred cocks, big ones. (No news to me.) Corrine told her she had only one condition, Ronnie told me that it was that she had to go with her for a Brazilian wax. The thought of no longer having to spit out hair while munching Ronnie was OK with me. It was done, and Ronnie said it was not that bad if you have some wine first. I made an appointment too, and she told me she was tired of spitting out hairs too. I was not so excited about bearing the pain until she told me if I did I might get to participate and not just watch her next munch lesson.
The night came for the pussy eating lesson and I was ready. I did not handle the waxing as well as Ronnie, but I got over it and decided if I kept it up by shaving, it would never be that bad again. We had a nice dinner and some wine and a quilt was spread on the floor. I was told that if I wanted an active part I had to get naked with them, and I was fine with that.
I enjoyed the lesson, even though I was just watching. Seeing Corrine's naked ass as she had Ronnie's legs in the air and eating her out was a mind-blowing experience of its own. She got Ronnie off once, it was massive enough to prove Corrine was an expert.
The girls were laying on the quilt recovering, resting. What a sight it was to see these two naked beauties on my floor, one was my wife. I was feeling a little left out, but my cock was as hard or harder than ever. They were on their backs talking when I decided to advertise the stiff cock I had, kind of like a plane does with a banner behind it. I walked to the kitchen with my cock sticking straight out as the banner. I filled my wine glass and was on my way back when I got the call to join. It was not verbal, it was visual like my banner. They messaged me what they wanted by laying back with their legs spread, there were two bald pussies to choose from.
I sat down my wine glass and got to work. I started with eating Ronnie of course while stimulating Corrine with my hand. I switched back and forth several times until I managed to get Ronnie off even though I was still learning. I pulled back to get ready to fuck them, but they had turned to face each other and started kissing and fingering each other, I was left out. I wanted to fuck both of them, especially Corrine!
Corrine was perceptive and told me that I got to watch them do oral, so if I jerked off on them as they pleased each other, maybe the next time they would take turns riding my cock. It was not fucking but it was a promise to in the future, I did not choose to acknowledge the word maybe. The truth was I needed to get off, it was something at least, so I did it. Corrine had some kind of control over me, well us, I guess. She told me to stand over them, so I did and started stroking my cock. I did feel manly up there as they watched while trading hands and fingering each other. It did not take me long I was so hard from all the build-up of the session, and just loved being watched by Corrine who I lusted for so badly.
When Corrine detected I was close she lifted her legs, grabbed them, and pulled them back and wider making her pussy look like it was ready for my cock. I was in bliss but only for seconds when she told me to cum on it, not in it.
I was disappointed again, but about then my Ronnie had a hand on my balls and a finger in my ass as I did. It was something else Corrine must have taught her. I was looking at Corrine's pussy and feeling Ronnie's hand work, and it made me cum harder and more than ever. I did what I was told and aimed my knob at her pussy, making a nice pie on her clit area.
I fell back afterward, and when I recovered I sat up and watched my wife slurping up my cum off of Corrine's pussy, the pussy I wanted to fuck so bad, but still held out hope for. I knew then I was not going to get to fuck her, at least that night, I did the next best thing. Ronnie was so busy eating Corrine out after she slurped up my cum, then I crawled up and entered her pussy from behind, and fucked Ronnie while she got Corrine off.
I decided we better talk, Ronnie and I about this new milestone. I was just honest and told her that all this sex with Corrine without getting to fuck her was not fair.
Her answer was another shocker, she told me I might get that chance soon. She told me that Corrine showed her a dick pic from a hot young guy she said, she described him as just a friend. She offered to bring him with her sometime for me if I wanted to try having another man's larger cock, and one on a guy she knew was not looking for a wife. She got her phone and showed it to me, and I was blown away, he was a good-looking guy, and his dick was big.
I guess looking back if it had not been that it was a pre-smartphone and a small screen taken with a poor quality camera. It would have looked even bigger than it did. (I later found out it was.)
I did not know how to respond, I could see she was for it, and could not hide her excitement, what sexual woman would not want to try a bigger cock if she could, and with a free pass. I can't say that among all the feelings I had about it, that one was excitement about her having this opportunity. I love Ronnie, I wanted her to be happy in every way. I also decided this was my chance to fuck Corrine. This young guy was promised to Ronnie, and I knew she would not give him up, and that would leave me with Corrine, but the ground rules were not set yet. I will not list the negative thoughts and worries, they were all-natural ones for a man to have about his wife fucking a younger man, and one known to have a big cock.
The night came and there were things to work out. Ronnie and the big cock guy, (Devin) a 19-year-old, even younger than I, wanted to do it privately. Corrine and I wanted the sex to be in front of us, and a compromise had to be reached.
Wine-fed negotiations produced the compromise. The foreplay and some fucking that would include oral would be done as the other couple watched. Later we would retire to one of the bedrooms for a private session. I was not sure if I was happy with it, but the fear of the unknown always surfaces when you do something new.
Once we all stripped down my fears were realized. Just seeing Ronnie's eyes as she got her first glimpse of his massive cock. I could read the look on her face, I think it was a mix of emotions, fear had to be one of them, but her excitement stood out the most. She has never had a session like this, this was an evening with another man's cock inside her. All her experiences with strange cocks were party fucks, various but normal sizes, like 5 -- 10 minutes in the bushes somewhere. This cock was enormous. I don't want to be like so many that want to put measurements on the page when I would only be guessing. But it was longer, mostly much thicker than mine or any I could ever imagine. It also had, a huge knob on the end of it, and that alone would fill a lady's mouth.
Ronnie came over and kissed me and Corrine before she ended up just getting into a 69 with him. The decision that was made was that it would be a good way to start.
It did not bother me seeing him spread her pussy open and start to eat her out, it made me hard. Seeing her with a mouthful of his knob, and struggling to take some of his shaft was not as pleasant, she is a rookie and started gagging quite quickly. I had to ask Corrine about how she can take his big cock, and her answer did not calm me down in the least. She said, "I thought I made it clear to Ronnie that he is just a friend, not a lover. I have never had sex with him this is the first I saw his cock for real, I know him as a friend of my younger brother, and all I saw was the photo I sent to Ronnie. I thought you realized that I mostly like girls, I love eating and getting my pussy eaten, and guys are just not that good at it. I am not anti-cock. I don't mind a cock now and then, if they lay there and can stay hard, a live cock is better than a toy especially a big one like his.
She did tell me though, "I assure you, he will not hurt her, he is a gentle guy I have been told by my brother, and several girlfriends who have fucked him. I saw one friend try to show off at a party by trying to swallow it. It was some show, she pulled down his pants, and even before he got hard the crowd got quiet. Once he was hard there were Oohs and Ahhs, and then choking on her part every time she tried to swallow it. To see his cock in action is why I insisted that I got to watch Ronnie with him. Everyone says that bigger is better, and I hope I am not telling secrets but your wife does. At the last party, I saw her in the bushes with not one but two of the most hung guys I ever saw at one of those parties. Ronnie was leaning over as one fucked her, and she sucked another one, she should be able to handle just one big one."
Well, Ronnie did tell me, but not quite with those details, but I know she has become a cock hound so I should not be surprised.
The 69 was not going well and I was not sure if there was anything I could do to help Ronnie bail out if she wanted to, but she was going to have to ask.
After some more struggling to please Devin, and one huge, and I mean more than a mouthful cumshot she took set her back, even more, she asked for help from Corrine. She asked her as his massive cumshot was still coming out the sides of her mouth, and was running down on her big breast. I can't say she did not look sexy except for the cum that covered the top of her beautiful, and naked body. I guess it was logical as she asked Corrine, she was supposedly her experienced tutor.
Corinne then joined Ronnie and Devin, and the two of them worked his cock together like they did mine that one time. Corrine could take some of it in her throat, but could not take it all. Ronnie my cocksucker in advanced training, was assigned his lower shaft and balls, and Corrine worked it from there up.
It was something to see my little Ronnie, with her naked ass in the air and her pussy showing as she held his thighs and sucked on his big balls. I am not sure where she learned to, or if she was just experimenting and got lucky finding something she was good at, but she was rimming his ass well. I think he enjoyed that as much or more than Corrine's work on his knob. I could not have been any harder and was sitting there on my own again. My only pleasure was seeing the love of my life and my friend naked, as they tackled the biggest cock I could ever imagine seeing. I wanted my cock in one of them, originally I wanted it to be someone new. My plan was for it to be Corinne, but I would be fine with my Ronnie. I have to confess, that I even took a good look at young Deven's butt hole as my wife was using her tongue on it as a possibility. A guy badly in need of a hole will consider any hole to fuck.
Despite Devin being double-teamed, Ronnie was the first to cum from his pussy eating. She came hard and had to stop and let Corrine go solo until she came off the high. I would have thought this next cum for him would be smaller than the one Ronnie tried to take, but it was a lot! He covered both of their faces and titties in cum. Once they cleaned each other off Corrine then was the first to mount him, looking over at me and saying, "I am just going to show Ronnie how to handle a big cock." At least she felt bad knowing I was without. It was not at all in the plan for me to fuck Ronnie, so she and I watched Corrine and Devin close up, our first close-up observation of two people fucking. It was pretty fucking hot, and I was looking forward to my turn.
Once Corrine got off from his big dick, and loudly I might add, she reluctantly gave up the big cock ride, I think she would have liked to try for a second "O". I had my smaller one ready for her, but she stayed with the two of them, she claimed it was to help poor little Ronnie mount him was the description of what she was doing. She held her by her tiny waist and steadied her as she slowly let that monster cock of his enter her. It was slow-going trying to get that big knob in my girl's little hole, and I was worried for her. But then there was a "pop" as he popped her big cock cherry I will call it. Her pussy was slowly making room for the bulk of it. Corrine stayed with her the whole time and was sucking on her titties as she steadied her. Me, it was just me and my hard cock alone watching.
Ronnie was just fine fucking him once her vagina adjusted to his size. It was not long until she was riding him as harder than Corrine did, she eventually came too, and much harder than I have ever seen her get off from riding a cock, mine that is. I figured then that the logical thing would be for Corrine and me to have our oral round then. I found I was not in the loop anymore, I was not consulted, nor was I even looked at as Corrine climbed on and went another round as Ronnie recovered. I then was again overlooked as Devin took my wife doggie, as she ate Corrine's pussy at the same time. Everyone seemed happy, I was even happy with the view, I had a side view of the biggest cock I had ever seen going in and out of Ronnie. Her big breast was hanging down and rocking with her as he pounded her little pussy. She got a few loud noises in while getting a breath from eating Corrine.
Well this went on, and at the time I did not know what the name for what was being done to me was called, but in truth, I was being cuckolded in the true sense of the word. I was not just the victim of one woman, my wife, I was double cucked.
They just kept on fucking in all different configurations, I was pissed but still extremely turned on, but I was alone just me and my cock. I settled down with my only company, a bottle of wine, a large bottle of lube, and a jumbo box of Kleenex as I sat in my comfy chair. The orgasms the girls received from that huge cock of his in all kinds of positions seemed endless.
The next time he came it was in my wife's pussy, and it was in the middle of a pile-driving session. Her pussy was in the air, he was squatting over top and pushing that thing all the way into his balls as she screamed. "Oh Fuck, That's a big dick, I am in Sex Heaven, bigger is better!"
All Corrine and I could do was watch in amazement as she took that pounding and ask for more, "Fuck me with that big thing, I can take it, Oh fuck that's it I am cumming...but don't stop!"
Next, it was him that went off, and he made a pretty big noise himself, he gave her so much it was coming out around his shaft as she screamed in joy. Did she have to rub it in!
The next move was Ronnie sitting on his face, I was proud of her, she was making him eat his own cum. Corrine was taking yet another ride, I was still invisible to them and jerking off as I watched. Both the girls and he was getting noisy with their claims of pure joy. I think at one point I might have witnessed a mutual triple orgasm. I had been stroking myself the whole time and eventually got tired. That and my penis was getting raw from my abuse, I was not going to sit there and let them cuck me, I went to my bedroom pissed off.
Ronnie never joined me and I dozed off, I woke up and looked up to see it was 4 am, several hours since I went to bed. So I went to pee and get a drink to cure my dry mouth. I heard sex noises as I went down the hall and found the three of them still there, 2 still active. Corrine was passed out prostrate, and there were pillows and a blanket scattered next to Ronnie and Devin. They were not asleep though, I can only assume that they were taking turns when Corrine passed out.
I was stuck standing there, hard as hell watching my wife getting pounded by this bull yet again, neither one of them acknowledged, or I don't think even knew I was there, they were just too busy fucking. Nothing fancy just plain old missionary at this point, but to Ronnie it was special. She had her arms and legs wrapped tightly around him as she was commanding the hung boy to fuck her harder, just like she was when I gave up and went to bed. His tight butt was clenching as he gave her every inch of his gift.
I was not going to be shut out, I decided what was I a man or a cuck! I just had to use my hardon in a hole. It was the hole of a passed-out woman, one who was supposed to be my date, but she cock blocked me the night before for a bigger dick.
I don't think to this day she knows for sure I fucked her, but I had. There was no participation on her part, but I had generated some more cum in that 4 hours of sleep and filled her with it. She was laying there legs spread, her head to the side. Her pussy was red and swollen from the guy she claimed she did not want to fuck. What could she say if she woke up with me on top of her? She has been pretty much promising me a fuck for a while, so I just took it.
With my average penis hard and ready, I carefully lifted her legs enough to slide it into her. It went in easy, plenty of cum still in there from the big boy who seems to have an endless supply. His large member had it all stretched out for me, but I was in Corrine's hole that I had wanted in for so long. I hoped Ronnie's pussy would return to normal.
I have to admit, I was a little afraid when I got no response from Corrine, I was fucking a stiff and it freaked me out a little. I even stopped once to put my ear up to her nose to make sure she was breathing. She was, and I was still hard after filling her pussy with one of my average-size loads.
So since she was mostly responsible for getting me into this and probably spoiling my wife from enjoying my normal cock, maybe forever, I got more revenge and satisfaction. First I took her pulse to make sure she was OK, she was still out cold, and she mumbled something, I think it was "No More" she must have known someone was there poking around."
So with her still out, and with a regular heartbeat and breathing, I carefully rolled her over to find her asshole just looking so inviting. They are so cute like that, like a little button, you would never think a penis would fit there. But once I spread her cheeks and stuck my tongue in there for a few strokes just for good measure. I could see there was plenty of room for my average size knob. I paused to consider, should I butt fucker while passed out? The Angel on one of my shoulders presented his case against it to me. Then the Devil on the other shoulder told me how much I had at least another fuck coming to me.
I listened, took my advice from the guy with the pitchfork, then spread her cheeks and entered her. It was my first butt fuck, or anal in proper terms. It was a lot tighter than her sloppy pussy I just came out of. I had a pretty good cum coating on my cock, but probably should have gone for lube. I really could not get up to any speed or did I need to, It was a little dry but better than her pussy was, or my hand for sure. I felt a little guilty as I was fucking her bunghole, but it didn't stop me, I worked up to a balls-deep stroke and I thought she might realize someone was there. Maybe the guy with the big one will get the blame? I came inside her and was watching my pie form, the guilt went away, that pie had revenge written all over it. I am not a complete asshole, I covered her up so she would not be cold before I went back to bed.
I looked over and Devin and my Ronnie, it looked like they both were finally done, looked like they went out while he was spoon fucking her, and his dick was still in her. They were oblivious to what had gone on around them.
I woke up with a hangover, a sore cock, and a finite amount of pleasure from the evening, I could never have gotten even.
I fixed breakfast, just because I was cucked most of the night is no reason to not be a good host. Corrine came down first in only panties, she ask for something soft to sit on, so got her a pillow and she sat there topless and had some scrambled eggs.
Ronnie came down looking a lot like Corrine, the only difference was she did not bother dressing at all. I mean she runs around our place naked half the time anyway, probably hoping the neighbor boy will come to the door sometime. I did not say anything, just got her a pillow too to be fair. I was glad she got her big cock, it was hard to watch though, and I only hoped she would be able to feel me inside her, in the future.
Devin showed up naked too, following right behind her with his cock swinging back and forth as he walked. It was not as big as an elephant's trunk, its motion made me think about one. It was finally at its flaccid state but still reached halfway down to his knees.
He looked lost for words but came up with a line you would expect from a 19-year-old who fucked all night.
"Did anybody get any sleep? I am both starved, and still a little horny, I am willing to go again if anyone is interested after breakfast!"
I went to get more eggs off the stove, in our open-concept downstairs that Ronnie is so crazy about. I am not crazy about the layout because there are no walls to buffer noise. I was about halfway to the stove when I heard what Corrine was trying to say in a somewhat muffled voice to Ronnie. "It was you that gave up your anal virginity to that bull against my advice, so why is my ass so fucking sore?"
I wanted to say, "Because there really is a God!"
My remaining questions were, "Am I a willing cuck? Are we all going to Hell!"