I love the spa culture in Northern Europe, actually because nothing like what happens in this story takes place in real life. It's a relaxing environment where people of all shapes and sizes can enjoy themselves and be naked. But, there's no harm in imagining a world where this kind of thing might happen.
This is my first story, so feedback is welcome!
---
The rain hammered down as the girls hurried from their taxi into the spa.
"God this country has terrible weather!" Anna shrieked, huddling under her coat. "Why did you move here again?"
"I know," Sylvie shouted back, "I couldn't have chosen a wetter country."
The country in question was the Netherlands, where Sylvie had recently transferred with her law firm. Amsterdam had sounded like the place to be for an up and coming 24 year old Frenchwoman, though she hadn't quite counted on the weather. Despite being early afternoon, the sky was a bleak November grey, and the rain somehow managed to come from all directions. In many ways it was the perfect day to relax in the warm atmosphere of a spa.
They made it through the entrance and into the dry, and Anna sighed with relief. "You know, I really need this. Thanks again for having me. After the break-up with Alain, and all the stress of quitting my job, it's been so good seeing you. I have to admit though, the idea of having a massage and sitting in a hot tub is what I looked forward to all week."
The same age as Sylvie, her university friend was visiting from Paris to escape the disasters at home for a few days. When Sylvie had mentioned a colleague's recommendation of a good spa close to the city, Anna had jumped at the chance.
The friends checked in at the desk, Sylvie taking over the talking. Her English was pretty good for a Frenchwoman -- far better than Anna's -- though she was grateful that all her clients were French companies. She still struggled with the Dutch accent when they spoke English -- she heard the woman behind the counter mentioning something about clothes, but smiled and nodded instead of double checking. "Of course we have to wear our swimsuits," she thought.
Picking up their robes and towels, they headed up the stairs and into a quiet lobby, with peaceful music playing in the background. They seemed to have arrived in a bit of a lull, with no voices coming from the two changing rooms on either side. Anna frowned.
"Which one is for women do you think?"
Sylvie shrugged. "I suppose this one here? Maybe these Dutch people don't even care? Surely not..."
As they chose a locker in the empty dressing room and begun to undress, Sylvie subtly assessed her friend's body. She'd never seen Anna naked, and she couldn't help but be curious. Both women shared the same olive skin, though Anna got that from her Armenian parents, and Sylvie from her Italian mother. Anna's face was open and round, with dark eyes, a Roman nose, and full lips. She was very pretty, Sylvie thought, though it was a pity that her shyness meant her smile was mostly saved for close friends.
As Anna took off her shirt, and began to undo her plain black bra, her fingers got caught in her long dark hair that fanned out across her back. Anna wasn't chubby, but just...wider, Sylvie thought. Even from the back you could see her breasts peeping out to the sides, and her wide hips made it a struggle pulling down her jeans. Finally, as Anna stripped off her underwear, Sylvie admired her large, nicely rounded backside, and her short but well shaped legs.
Anna suddenly turned around, showing off her full and heavy breasts, hanging somewhat on her chest. Her nipples were large, and a deep dark chocolate brown. Sylvie's eyes darted away, but not before noting that Anna had shaved between her legs, leaving only a small patch of black hair. The girls briefly made eye contact.
"What are you waiting for?" Anna teased, as she started to put on her bikini.
Sylvie jumped and started to get undressed herself, taking the opportunity to admire her reflection in the mirror. Her own breasts were much smaller, though they stood out nicely even without her bra on, pointing slightly upwards. Her nipples too were small, and -- she thought at least -- a perfect light brown. Her body type was different than Anna's, thinner, but still soft and curved, with a perfectly petite butt that she spun around to admire. She went a step further than Anna, and had waxed completely. She smiled at herself, enjoying the way it made her large brown eyes sparkle.
"God I love your tattoos," Anna said as Sylvie turned around to pick up her own bikini. Sylvie looked down at the lines and geometric shapes descending from her throat down between and towards her breasts, and the more swooping designs coming down from her shoulders. "I would never dare to get something like that, didn't it hurt?"
"Well...it did tickle a bit. But the boys love them! It shows them which way to go," she said lightly.
They left the changing room wrapped in white cotton robes, carrying their towels, and descended another staircase into a kind of wellness centre, where Anna would be having her massage later. Another set of stairs brought them down into the spa proper and a shower area. They didn't have time to admire the view past the showers into the huge columned pool room, before the women were thoroughly distracted by the shock of their life.
Walking out of the shower to their right was two stark naked men laughing and shaking water from themselves. Sylvie's eyes bulged. They were completely ordinary looking -- they could have been somewhat older lawyers from her firm -- and yet Sylvie couldn't overlook the fact that both men had not a stitch to cover the cocks that dangled freely. Reeling, she turned to the left, and saw another group of women leaving the showers on that side. They too, were completely naked. They showed no hurry to cover themselves as they walked over to their towels, their middle-aged behinds bouncing as they walked.
Looking ahead again, she noticed that while most of the people around the pool were in towels or robes, many of them were naked. Everyone swimming was naked. People going into the saunas on either side were naked. There was even a women sitting naked in the foot bath, legs crossed as if waiting for a bus, while her pale pinkish breasts were completely uncovered. Within 30 seconds she had seen more penises than she had ever seen in real life before.
She turned in shock to Anna, only to find her staring at the floor, eyes locked to the tiles. Sylvie knew that Anna had very little experience with men. Alain had been Anna's first and only boyfriend, and Sylvie knew from some late night conversations that Anna had never dared to watch porn. As far as Sylvie knew, these might be some of the first cocks besides Alain's Anna had ever seen.
Anna looked up with a stunned look on her face, and the two women suddenly burst out giggling. Anna's giggles sounded a little frantic, and she kept her eyes straight on Sylvie's face. The situation was too absurd.
"What...what is this? Why are they all naked? Is this a sex thing? Why would your colleague suggest this?" Anna stammered out.
"No I...I think maybe this is just Dutch? I know that in Finland they do this? But then everyone is crazy up there, the Dutch are so boring and plain. I didn't think..." Sylvie was hit by a sudden suspicion that the woman at the reception had said no clothes. "Well, I'm sure there must be some people here with their swimsuits on. They can't force you to go naked".
"Should we leave?" Anna asked hesitantly. "I mean, my massage..."
"No! Let's stay." Sylvie was already getting over her shock somewhat. "Let's get in the pool, quick, then we won't change our minds. Besides, you don't have to look at anyone, and you've still got your bikini."
Sylvie knew that Anna hated awkward situations, and could never cause a scene. It had been one of the issues in her relationship with Alain -- she ended up in nightclubs or parties she didn't want to be in just because she didn't want to argue, and then stayed far too late because leaving would mean kicking up a fuss. Sylvie felt a twinge of guilt, but knew that if she pushed, Anna would follow along.
They hurried along to the edge of the pool, and hung up their robes and towels. Anna seemed in a rush to get in the water, as if somehow that would distract her from the views around them. Sylvie took her time though -- there was something attractive about how casual everyone was about their nudity.
She noticed a young man and woman chatting beside the pool. His long and thin penis was hanging just in front of her pubic hair as they talked, and her pointy breasts jiggled slightly as she laughed at whatever he had said. How were they not...well...noticing each other? And how were all the men still soft? As the couple caught sight of her, and looked over questioningly, Sylvie herself was beginning to feel a slight warmth. That went away the moment she dived into the cool water and swam over to Anna.
It took them a good 10 minutes of swimming to finally stop giggling and calm down a bit, though Sylvie noted that Anna still hadn't looked at a single other person. "Come on Anna! Let's get a drink. That'll help us relax." "God yes! But...don't you think it's strange that we're the only ones not naked? I haven't seen the other people in swimsuits yet."
They were mulling over this thought getting out of the pool, water running from their bikinis, when a short grey-haired woman walked up to them. She was the only other clothed woman in the place, in a sarong and tank top.
"Excuse me! You can't wear those in here," she said in English. "Bathing clothes are forbidden!"
The girls froze. Even Anna's English was certainly good enough to understand the message.
"Uhm...pardon? My English is not so good, you repeat?" Sylvie figured that playing the dumb foreigner who doesn't speak the language was always a good opening move.
"Ah, no problem. Today, all clothes are forbidden," the woman said slowly. "Not allowed. You see everyone here?" The women gestured around the pool. "They are naked. You must be as well."
Anna's eyes widened, as water continued to gently drip from her wet hair down her body. Sylvie reflexively put her hands across her breasts as she replied, sticking to her broken English act.
"I'm sorry, we don't know. Nobody tell us. We paid to come in, so is ok, non?"
As the woman smiled and shook her head, Sylvie suddenly noticed two men sitting in a hot tub near by. The encounter had apparently caught their eye, because both the men were clearly watching them. They were close enough for her to see the smiles on their faces. She blushed fiercely.
"I'm sorry, but you really cannot wear clothes. That is the rule. It's wrong to have only some people in clothes, and some naked. You understand right?"
Anna interjected, "But no I will be not nude. I do not like this! You have clothes."
"Yes, but I work here," said the woman, "I need to have something on. You are guests."
Sylvie and Anna looked at each other, both of them now crossing their arms across their bikini tops. Anna burst out in French, "This is really not acceptable! They can't make us be naked. We paid a lot to get in here. Look at all these men here, I don't want them to see me."
"I know...but we can't just leave again. This was so expensive. And you have the massage later..."
The grey-haired woman smiled at them. "You know, it's really not so bad. Look at all these people, they're so relaxed! Everyone is very happy being naked. It's just part of the experience. It's cleaner and much more healthy. You'll enjoy it."
While Anna twisted her hands, Sylvie looked out again at the two men in the hot tub. One seemed to have lost interest, but the other was still watching. She was close enough to see that he was quite good looking, a bit older than them, with short blond hair and an angular face. His chest and shoulders looked lean and strong. But the main thing she noticed was his smirk. He had spotted what was going on, and was waiting to see whether they got undressed.
"You bastard," Sylvie thought, "You just want to see us stripped." The idea filled her with a deep sense of vulnerability, but also set her heart beating faster, and her hands to shaking slightly. "I bet you're getting off on this."
Sylvie looked at Anna, who in turn seemed to be looking back at her for guidance. The woman was still standing there patiently, clearly with no intention of giving up.
"Fine!" Sylvie snapped, "we go naked".
Anna gasped and said in French "You're kidding!"
"No, you know what, let's just do it. We can't let ourselves get chased off or scared. Besides, we have the robes, we can stay in those if we want." Anna looked for a moment like she was going to argue, and then somewhat surprisingly shrugged. It seemed like her desire to avoid a scene had won out over her shame.
The woman wished them a good afternoon and moved off a bit, though was clearly keeping an eye on them. The moment of truth couldn't be put off. The girls walked over and took their robes off the hooks, wrapping them around themselves. Sylvie's heart was still pounding, and her mouth was dry. She was furious and ashamed at the same time. But she also noticed that her nipples were suddenly hard against the cold wet fabric of her bikini.
"Come on Anna. Let's get it over with."
Sylvie loosened her robe, and reached under it, undoing the strap of her bikini. She wrestled it out from under the robe, and went to hang it on a hook next to her towel. As she did so, she glanced back towards the man in the hot tub. Sure enough, his eyes were still locked on her. "Doesn't he know it's rude to stare?" she thought angrily, "You can say this is part of the experience all you want, but he's just enjoying the show." The idea that he had so much power over her just by looking, and that she could do nothing, was infuriating. And yet as she rolled down her bikini bottoms under the robe, she noticed a slight feeling of wetness and warmth between her legs.
A sudden burst of wildness came over her, as if she'd just taken a shot of liquor. "Well if you want a show, Dutchman, here you go."
Sylvie had been facing into the corner as she undressed, and though her robe was now loose, no one in the room could see anything but her robed back. Without stopping to think, she whirled around, with the motion pulling her robe wide open. Suddenly her full naked body was exposed to the entire hall. She locked eyes with the man in the hot tub. His mouth was slightly open, and the annoying smirk had slipped as his eyes swiftly plunged downwards over her breasts and descended further towards her now even more wet pussy. She swiftly gathered up the robe, and pulled it tightly closed across her chest. Nothing she had done was obviously showing off -- but as she turned away from the hot tub she smirked right back at the man.
Anna meanwhile had her robe firmly tightened, and was struggling to get her purple bikini top out from under it. Sylvie noticed Anna's bikini bottom lying at her feet under the robe, and had another strange twinge of arousal. Sylvie wasn't interested in her friend, but something about the secretiveness with which Anna got undressed made her feel both dirty and excited looking at her. Her mind caught on the thought that there was nothing but that layer of cotton between her eyes and that dark hair between Anna's legs -- so much more sensual than the objectively more revealing bikini. She shook herself,
"Come on Anna, let's get a drink."
---
After two glasses of wine at the bar next to the spa -- where everyone was safely fully robed -- the girls felt somewhat more ready to re-enter the very naked spa. Sylvie at least, Anna still looked deeply uncomfortable. They headed towards a small room in a corner with glass windows. Inside was a pool, with four 'beds' next to each other so you could lie almost completely submerged in the water. The pool was quite low, so they weren't easily visible from a distance. However, if you walked by, the people lying down would be on full display.
"Come on Anna -- let's go in there. You can warm up before your massage later."
"Are you kidding? Everyone can see me!"
"No look, only if they walk by. And really what else are you going to do? We can't just sit here in our robes. People will think we're weird. I guess we already made the wrong impression coming in in our bikinis."
Anna hesitated for a long moment, before sighing.
"Ok fine. My appointment's in 20 minutes."
"Great! Come on Anna, this is an adventure, no? Or at least a cultural experience." Trying not to hesitate, Sylvie whipped off the robe and hung it up outside the room. She quickly looked around -- no one seemed to pay her any attention. Not even the old man sitting by the pool with a huge stomach and -- she quickly looked away -- an absolutely tiny acorn of a penis poking out from a bush of hair.
She opened the door and waded into the warm water. Laying down on one of the beds, she felt at the same time comfortable and cosy, but also deeply exposed. Anyone looking in would see her full body, light olive where it was untanned by the sun. Anna was clearly struggling with this as well, still standing outside and toying with her robe.
"Come on! It's warm in here."
Anna finally quickly slipped out of the robe, hung it up, and hurried through the door into the water. Even with only Sylvie's eyes on her, she had one hand across her breasts, and the other firmly between her legs. Keeping those breasts hidden -- "What are they, an E cup?" thought Sylvie -- was a challenge though, and there was plenty of dark brown areola peeping out from behind Anna's hands. Once at the bed, she dived face forward, lying on her front. Sylvie chuckled at the impossibility of hiding that incredible ass, which rose out of the water like two soft brown hills.
After a while both of the girls got somewhat more used to the nudity. They were lucky that the only other person to enter the bath was an older women. Sylvie was amazed by the confidence of this woman with sagging breasts and grey hair between her legs.
"See Anna, if she can do it, so can you!" whispered Sylvie.
"Shh girl, what if she speaks French? And besides, no one will look at her right? What if people want to look at me? Or... wait what if they don't? What's worse? Do you think men will want to look at me?"
Sylvie sighed. "Oh come on, of course they will -- or won't? Whatever makes you feel better."
After the 20 minutes had passed, Anna left for her massage, rushing on the way out as she had on the way in.
"I'll see you in an hour!" Sylvie shouted at Anna's retreating behind, earning herself a dirty look from the old woman.
Sylvie settled back down, and played around with the idea that had entered her head a minute ago when she saw the man from the hot tub walk by. He hadn't seen her, but she'd been able to get a very good look at his quite charming backside. It had seemed very firm, and she enjoyed his confident strut. She wouldn't at all mind getting a glimpse of the equipment the man was working with, it had been a little while since her last time, with all the hassle of moving.
She poked her head up out of the pool, and saw that he was back in the hot tub. Maybe it was a combination of the warmth and the wine, but Sylvie was beginning to feel like more like a passenger, as if she was along for the ride in whatever was going to happen today. Without even thinking about it, Sylvie got up and walked out of the bath.
---
Sylvie took a deep breath, and shrugged off her towel. Her tight round behind was in full view of the hot tub, only a metre away. As she turned around, her mind was screaming "they can see everything." She was close enough for everyone in the hot tub to be able to see the goosebumps around her nipples, and even the curves of her labia. She almost regretted waxing every single hair so carefully. Even the men she'd slept with hadn't seen her in such bright light, standing so casually.
She swiftly walked over to the hot tub and down the few steps. She noticed that everyone -- even the women -- casually watched her enter. Except the man she'd seen earlier. He was pretending not to be interested. As if that fooled her for a second.
Given the terrible weather, the inside of the spa was crowded than the outside section, and there were already 5 people in quite a small hot tub. But before she went over, Sylvie had seen that there was just one space left next to the man. She sat down right next to him in the hot bubbling water. Nothing too intimate -- there was still a solid gap between them, but she was very close to a very naked man.
Everyone else in the hot tub went back to minding their own business. There was an older couple opposite. The man with the thick grey chest hair had openly admired Sylvie when she got in, but had resumed chatting animately in Dutch with his wife, whose huge, flat breasts were defying gravity thanks to the floatation of the warm water. Between them and Sylvie were another two young women, apparently friends, who had sunk down deep into the water with their eyes closed. That left Sylvie, and the man on her right, who was still acting very cool, staring off into the distance.
Deciding to try and break that cool, Sylvie sighed loudly, closing her eyes and leaning back on her elbows. This pushed her breasts up out of the water, the bubbles racing around her exposed nipples, and jiggling her breasts lightly back and forth. She held the position for a minute, and then casually but quickly opened her eyes, looking to the right. She'd caught him! His eyes were obviously peeking at her, watching her breasts rock back and forth in the streams of bubbles. He quickly shifted his eyes up to her face, where she gave him a small but triumphant smile.
She held the eye contact for a second, as she began to pull her hair back up in a quick bun, showing off her slender neck. She knew that the gentle lines of her neck led neatly to her collarbones, then down the painted lines of her tattoos to her breasts. She saw his eyes begin to follow that line, before suddenly breaking off and going back to staring into the distance.
She hadn't noticed it rising, but Sylvie realised she was filled with a sense of excitement and sexuality that she'd never felt before. She'd enjoyed all her sexual encounters, but they'd been very predictable, safe, easy. This was something altogether different. She had no idea what the rules were of the game they were playing -- or even if they were playing at all -- but she knew that it was making her more aroused than she'd ever been. The knowledge that this man was naked, right next to her, and that his cock was barely 30 centimeters away under the foam, felt like it was filling her head. That knowledge was combined with her own exposure, knowing that anyone in the room could look over and see all of her there was to see.
She shifted her body slightly forward and shivered as a stream of bubbles went straight up between her legs. Despite sitting in hot water, she could tell that the heat and wetness between her legs went even further. She smiled and closed her eyes to enjoy the sensations.
After a minute or two, the two women next to Sylvie got up to leave. Their tall Dutch bodies were right in front of Sylvie's face, water running down their flat stomachs and into the well shaved blonde hair between their legs. Sylvie admired their athletic asses and thighs as they got out of the water -- apparently some level of looking was socially acceptable here? But as they moved, Sylvie wasn't distracted enough not to seize her chance.
Under the guise of getting out of their way, Sylvie shifted her weight to the right and scooted along the bench. Her right thigh was suddenly pressed up against the man's. She could feel his thigh muscles tense as their legs slid past each other. The physical contact was broken as Sylvie sat back, but their eyes met again. This time they both held the moment. He looked somewhat puzzled, questioning, but she could tell he was intrigued. Sylvie smiled back at him enigmatically.
Now that the two women had left, Sylvie leant her body further away from the man but faced more towards him. This gave her the room to bring up her foot onto the bench between them. She had an idea for what she was going to do next. She felt almost drunk in her lack of self-control, the feeling that she was acting in the moment without planning or thinking of consequences. The disregard made her feel even more aroused and alive.
She glanced across at the older couple. By now both of them had closed their eyes, and the man even seemed to be asleep. Before she could lose her courage, she straightened her leg on the bench until the sole of her foot rested against the man's thigh. He jerked upright and looked across at her. Sylvie didn't move her foot, just smiled at him with a challenge in her eyes. He smiled back, somewhat hesitantly. Looking at him like this, she could properly admire the shape of his upper body. He was thin, but the muscles he had were wiry and hard. Despite the leering impression his earlier staring had given her, he had a kind face with bright blue eyes. Now that she was in control, his smile looked less like a smirk than it had earlier. Sylvie wondered what else he had to offer under the surface.
She kept very still above the water, keeping her expression peaceful and staring into the distance just to the left of his head. But out of sight, she gradually moved her foot further and further up, and then over his leg. Like an electric shock up her leg, she realised that her foot was resting on his cock. It was still soft, but in the flow of the water was sticking straight upright. She couldn't tell how big it was, but she could find out. She twitched her toes, rubbing them over the head of his cock and pulling gently at his foreskin.
The man was doing the same as her now, staring off in the distance. To a casual onlooker, nothing was amiss. But under the foam something was certainly going on. The man's cock was growing, pushing against her toes as she batted it back and forth in the water. She bent her foot downwards, and he squirmed as she nudged against his balls. By time she moved her foot back up, she was shocked to feel what felt like a piece of wood. He was fully erect. She tried to move her foot around next to his cock to try and feel what she was dealing with. Internally she gasped as she realised just how thick and long it was, even compared to her foot.
She manoeuvred her foot around so that it was pressing his cock against his stomach. His face remained straight, but she could feel him straining against the top of her foot, hard and yet soft at the same time. Casually, she slid her right hand off the side of the hot tub and brought it between her legs. She could feel the slippery wetness as she played with herself, quickly focusing on her clit. She couldn't make much movement without making things obvious, but the couple across from them were still asleep, so she began frantically rubbing. She could feel just how ready her body was to come, as the mental thrill of what she was doing was almost more powerful than the physical.
She pictured what it must look like from a distance, four people in a hot tub, all of them enjoying the warm water on a cold day. No one able to see how she was playing with herself, teasing her clit, moving back so that another stream of bubbles tickled her tightly clenched asshole. No one able to tell that she was now rubbing the head of his cock with her toes again, slipping it between them.
She wasn't sure how good it was for him, but then she didn't really care. He had wanted to see her and Anna embarrassed, wanted to see them forced to strip, the knowledge that they were ashamed making them far more attractive than the confident women walking about. Well now it was his turn to be nothing more than an object for someone else's enjoyment.
The thought of how nervous and vulnerable she had felt getting undressed pushed her closer to the edge. Somehow Anna was suddenly also in her mind, the way she squeezed her robe tight across her big breasts with her bikini lying at her feet. Then her eyes latched onto the even bigger breasts of the dozing woman across the hot tub, the woman who had no idea what was happening just a metre away. And then the feeling of the man's cock twitching against her foot -- she was over the edge.
Her muscles clenched furiously as she came, warmth spreading and flowing out from her clit through her pussy and up to the rest of her body. Her nipples felt painfully hard just above the water. Her jaw tightened as she tried to keep a straight face, though she could tell the man under her leg knew what was happening. She shuddered and thrust her hips into her hand -- but didn't move an inch above the surface. Wave after wave of pleasure spread out across her body, amplified and returned by the jets of water that massaged her skin.
The world around her had seemed to fade out for a minute, but came back into focus as she began to breath again. The man's gaze was fixed on her face, his mouth slightly open. She could tell by the frantic spasms of his cock that he might be close to his own climax.
She whisked her foot back towards herself and stood up. Before the man could blink she was standing right in front of him at the steps into the tub. He looked up stunned to see her gazing down at him over her breasts. Her skin was flushed under her tattoos. As she stood on the step his nose was just centimetres away from her throbbing clit. Even through the dripping water he must be able to see how wet she still was.
As they stood for what felt like an eternity, the bubbles abruptly petered out. The hot tub cycle was finished. The foam quickly dissipated, and she could see clear as day his huge cock bobbing under the water. He was well shaven, which accentuated how thick it was from base to tip. Its purple head was bulging just beneath the surface, and she could even see the opening widening at the top. He must have been right on the verge of pumping his cum into the bath.
In that brief moment she smiled and said to him in English "You know it's very rude to look at naked women?" Her laugh as she got out woke up the other couple, and she laughed harder as she saw the man frantically hit the button to turn on the jets and squirm around to hid himself against the rim. The couple looked at her quizzically -- the older man clearly admiring her ass again -- but settled back down. Now...where was Anna?
---
Meanwhile, Anna had headed off for her massage. The massage rooms were back through the pool area, and up a staircase into the wellness area. People were waiting for their treatment in a kind of lobby draped in robes in comfortable armchairs, and the staff behind the counter wore neat white uniforms. There were even people having their nails done, just in front of a short hallway going off from the lobby with doors on either side.
Anna relaxed somewhat -- this felt like safe terrain. But she stiffened up again immediately when she suddenly realised the implications of the fact that she wasn't wearing anything under her robe. Was she... supposed to be fully naked? Did she have to go back downstairs and put her bikini on? She dithered for a moment, but a moment too long.
A few seconds later, a tall, dark haired middle-aged man was standing outside one of the small rooms down the hall, calling 'Anna'. Her panic heightened -- was it really a man who would be doing the massage? But there was no way out without causing a scene. How could she explain, especially in her limited English, that this wasn't what she'd signed up for?
She slowly walked past the people in armchairs into the short corridor. The man waiting for her was good looking for his age, but not intimidatingly so. Anna took some comfort from the fact that he looked like a doctor, with his white clothes, trimmed beard, and professional demeanour. He smiled gently.
"I'm Jan. Welcome to your massage." He said something else after it, but he was talking so softly Anna couldn't understand his English. The gist seemed to be "get undressed and come in." Jan opened the door and stepped inside. Any comfort disappeared again. Without thinking or breathe, Anna robotically took the robe off, left it in a basket in the corridor, stepped inside and shut the door behind her.
She was in a cosy, dimly lit room with music playing, and a massage bed in the middle covered in towels. Jan looked back to see Anna standing in the doorway, hands holding her breasts and legs crossed. To Anna's horror, he started to laugh.
"Oh you don't have to leave the robe outside! I meant hang it in here. But don't worry, you're in now, just come lie down." Shaking with embarrassment, Anna didn't think to open the door and expose herself by getting the robe.
Instead, she hurried over to the table. For a short woman like her, clambering up was an awkward exercise. With one leg on and the other off she realised that she'd managed to flash Jan a full view of her pussy and even her asshole, peeping out from between her cheeks. Jan stepped forward to lend a hand, but she frantically scrambled up until she could lay flat on the table, awkwardly adjusting her breasts, which squeezed out to the sides. She felt very grateful when Jan draped a towel across her body.
---
After all the shocks of the day so far, it was a relief that the massage brought no more surprises. She'd half expected the massage to have some kind of weird happy ending, but Jan's strong hands were firmly professional. By the end, stepping out the door, she'd almost forgotten that she was nude.
That feeling ended the moment she stepped out and jumped as she came face to face with a half naked woman about to knock. Her robe was hanging open, showing off her shockingly good looking body, with blonde hair hanging loose around her neck, and small breasts with tiny pink nipples. She looked like a model, and Anna suddenly felt awkward about her own round stomach and breasts that were far bigger and less perky.
They both muttered excuses, the woman in Dutch, Anna in French, and then the woman stepped inside to greet Jan as if she knew him -- maybe some sort of regular. The door swung shut behind her, and it was only when Anna looked down into the basket that she realised her robe was gone. This must have been a laundry basket! She was completely naked, and in between her and where she'd left her towel there was the wellness area, the staircase, and the entire pool area to cross.
Anna blushed so deeply that even her dark skin reddened. For now she was safe in the hallway, but she would need to cross the lobby. She took deep breaths that almost became a panic attack. "No Anna, stop. You can do this. You are beautiful. But not too beautiful. People will look at you. But not in a creepy way. Oh my god, oh my god..."
She considered knocking on the door again, but she had no idea what to say or ask. She hadn't seen any robes at the wellness desk, and the thought of going up to those uniformed women to ask was unbearable. There was no option but to walk all the way back to where she had left her towel.
Trying to control her breathing, Anna tiptoed down the hall and into the lobby. The moment she stepped in, trying to cover herself, she felt everyone's eyes turn to her. She kept walking, feeling like she could fall through the floor. She would have run, but that seemed even more embarrassing, and besides, how could she stop everything bouncing around? She was already struggling to cover her breasts, and with her arms still slippery from the massage oil, they took turns sliding out from under her forearm and displaying her dark nipples to the whole room. As she passed people she cringed, knowing that there was nothing she could do to hide her behind as it moved back and forth.
Halfway across the lobby one of the women behind the desk stood up and looked like she was about to say something. Anna blurted something out in French, and pointed towards the pool. Luckily the woman shrugged and sat down again. Some people in the room were giggling or whispering, and Anna was glad she couldn't understand what they were saying.
By time she reached the door though, she almost felt that the people behind her had stopped looking at the naked woman wandering across their carpet. Maybe the worst part was over? But when she reached the glass doors leading to the staircase, she saw to her horror two incredibly attractive young men, her age, about to come through the door. They were in robes -- she was fully naked.
Anna froze. Truly nothing could be worse than having two handsome men staring at her, when she was so off guard and vulnerable. The men seemed surprised as well, as she hunched over with crossed legs. But then the first one recovered himself, smiled kindly, and opened the door for her, stepping back with a small bow.
There was nothing really else to do except step through. As she did, she realised that she had both hands covering her now oily breasts, forcing them together and upwards. She couldn't help but notice both men's gaze casually travel over her suddenly immense cleavage, and down towards her pussy. She'd felt so daring shaving the usually thick black hair back to a neat line. Alain had always wanted her to do it, and she'd always resisted. Shaving now had been her way of giving him a big 'fuck you'. But now it meant that the men could get a proper view of a part of her no one had properly seen.
Suddenly her skin felt prickly and hot and...pleasurable. She still felt a deep sense of embarrassment and shame, but it began to mix with an almost frantic excitement. As she walked past, she turned back to see them look up from her swaying behind and both give her a smile.
"Have a lovely day," one said, as they turned to continue on their way.
She stood at the top of the steps, still holding her breasts together. What had that feeling been? "That...actually wasn't so bad," she thought, "They weren't creepy. But I think they liked what they saw?" She started jogging down the stairs, letting her breasts fall free and swing back and forth. It took a very conscious effort, but she kept her arms by her sides. As she walked through the shower room, she realised that no one was really staring. Some people glanced, but not in the threatening or leering way she'd expected. It felt...normal.
And for the first time since arriving, she dared to have a look at the other people sharing this space. She glanced at a man shampooing his hair, and took the chance to stare at only the second cock she'd seen in her life. It was so much thicker than Alain's had been, and bobbled about as the man moved. She moved her eyes further around the few men in the showers, and was shocked at the range of shapes and sizes. She suddenly had the suspicious thought that her previous and only boyfriend might have been a bit inaccurate when he boasted about his size.
By the time she made her way through the showers to her towel in the pool room, she felt comfortable enough to take her time wrapping it around herself. She turned around to see Sylvie walking over in her own towel, with a big lazy smile on her face.
"What's with you? Did you have a massage too? You seem so relaxed."
"Ah no, I just...enjoyed the water."
---
Late in that afternoon, just when they were starting to think about leaving, Sylvie suddenly jumped up from the armchairs they were chatting in and announced she was just going to head outside for a while. Before Anna could offer to join, Sylvie said they could meet up again in a half hour and rushed off. Well...apparently Anna had time to fill.
She had been in a few saunas throughout the afternoon, but had still always kept her towel loosely wrapped around her. However, as she idly wandered around the spa area, she saw a group of people waiting outside the hammam steam room. She saw a small sign indicating that a scrub session was about to start, where everyone would receive a mix of salt crystals and oil that they could use to scrub their body, which would be wet from the steam.
This would be another real test. She wouldn't be able to keep her towel on in here. But a woman had already arrived to start handing out the little cups of salt, and people were stripping off and starting to go in. Anna took a deep breath, hung up her robe, took some salt, and slipped inside.
She entered a darkened room with thick steam swirling through the air. It was incredibly humid, with condensation even falling from the ceiling, and drops immediately started to form on her body. But the steam made it hard to see very far, and she felt more comfortable being naked than in the other saunas.
She took a seat towards the back of the room. Just as the door to the hammam was shut, one final man stepped in, and hurried towards the back as well, sitting across from Anna, just over a meter away on the opposite bench. As the steam thickened further now the door was shut, Anna realised that she and the man were basically only able to see each other. He was very muscle bound, and clearly took a lot of pride in building a buff upper body, with thick pecs and defined abs. His huge chest and thighs did make his penis look somewhat small, but Anna was still enjoying the sight in front of her.
As she and the man started to scrub themselves, Anna enjoyed the feeling of the salt, mixed with oil, sliding easily across her arms. She had the feeling that he was enjoying watching her as well. Being in the fog, knowing that only he could see her, made the moment feel more intimate. Anna could forget the others in the room, forget where she was, and focus on herself and the view to the front. She could almost pretend they had come here together.
She began to rub the oily mixture across her breasts. Try as he might, the man couldn't hide the fact that he was sneaking a peek across. Anna looked at him directly, waited until he made eye contact, and smiled. She then pushed her breasts up and together, like she'd done earlier on the stairs. The effect, she knew, was very impressive, giving her a high rounded bust with a deep cleavage. She then dropped her breasts against her body, oily hands sliding over her nipples. The man looked down, then up again at her face, still smiling at him. His own motions faltered as he watched.
Anna gently rubbed the oil and salt around her nipples, which stiffened as she circled them. She moved her hands down to sweep across her soft belly, and then back up again to cup her breasts and let them fall. She even slid her hands between the bench and her ass, squeezing it with her fingers. She glanced to the right, but could only see the other guests as shapes in the mist. She looked back at the man, and pinched her nipples, pulling them until they stretched out and gasping at the mix of soreness and pleasure it sent through her breasts.
She hesitated for a moment, then opened her legs wide, giving him a full view of her pussy. Its lips were slightly opened, and she knew he would be able to see the delicate pink inside against her olive skin. Her clit was just visible, peeping out from the black hair. Only Alain had ever had this view of her, and now she was putting it all on display to a man she'd never even spoken to. A man whose penis no longer looked quite so small, as it started to perk up between his legs.
Anna was longing to run her hand down between her thighs, but just as she started to move her hand, the first group of guests opened the door to leave. Immediately the steam started to thin. The privacy they had had was fast disappearing, and her sense of vulnerability and awareness of her nakedness was returning. But a sudden, naughty idea popped into her head.
She jumped to her feet so that she stood in front of the man, who had given up using the scrub and had just been watching the show. She turned to leave, but as she did, pretended to slip on the wet floor. She let herself fall right into his lap.
His strong arms instinctively caught her as she fell, leaning on his biceps. Her ample behind squirmed into his lap. To her mixed terror and delight she felt his half stiff cock easily slide between her oiled ass cheeks, pushing close to her asshole. His shaft instinctively twitched, sending a shiver up her spine.
As she jumped up again, feigning an urgent attempt to get out of the situation, she made sure to turn so that her nipple dragged across his hard chest.
"Oh mon Dieu, I am very sorry!" she yelped.
"Uhm, no, it uh, doesn't matter..." he replied, sounding rather dazed. She looked down at his now oily cock. His foreskin was definitely retracting as it stiffened further. She giggled and pointed
"Oh excuse me, I think you must watch out." The man blushed and stammered in confusion
"But you were...I mean...never mind. Sorry?"
She fluttered her fingers at him and turned to go as the man shifted himself further away from the door to hide in the remaining steam. She didn't know what had come over her in the few minutes that she and that delightfully muscled man had been alone in the steam. But she knew one thing for sure -- she desperately needed to get laid.
---
While Anna had been exploring the wonders of the hammam, Sylvie had been coming to similar conclusions about the benefits of steam. She had not seen the man from the hot tub up close for the rest of the afternoon. She almost though he'd been avoiding her. So when she saw him brave the rain to head to the outside part of the spa, she decided to follow, quickly brushing Anna off. Once again, it felt like her mind was on rails, bringing her to places she never thought she would go.
Dashing through the downpour, regretting that her robe was now getting wet, she followed him to a collection of buildings that formed the outside section. There she saw him enter the spa's second steam room, just as a rather overweight couple left. "My god there are so many body types in this world..." she marvelled, "Her tits don't even hang because they can just sit on her stomach".
Without hesitating, she hung up her robe under the shelter of a small roof and followed him in, sighing with relief as the steam quickly began to warm her up. It was so thick that she could barely see the other side of the tiled room, but there didn't seem to be anyone else in there. As she slowly walked through the fog, around a column, he appeared out of the vapour. He was sitting on a bench underneath a golden lamp, legs spread, with his cock hanging nicely below his muscled stomach.
The second he saw her he jumped in his seat, making her giggle. He opened his mouth to speak, but she shushed him. Somehow she knew exactly what she was going to do, without even making the conscious decision.
"It's ok," she whispered, "I have punished you enough."
She sat down next to him, their wet skin sliding across each other. Without missing a beat, she grabbed his soft cock in her right hand, and began to squeeze and rub it between her fingers. His body responded immediately, stiffening quicker than she could believe and doubling in size. "This is really ridiculous," she thought, "how does he get this thing inside someone?"
Her fingers could barely reach around the base, but she gently ran her hand up and down his shaft, flicking the top with the tips of her fingers. Her other hand held his balls and very gently squeezed them, massaging across his wet skin. She enjoyed the way he just sat back and let her set the pace. He seemed to be so taken aback by her entrance, and the increasingly swift motion of her hand, that he'd forgotten quite where he was.
She felt perfectly safe sitting there next to him, with the longest and the thickest cock she'd ever seen in her hand, sweat and water dripping from her hair onto his body. She could barely see what she was doing through the steam, let alone anyone else if they were to enter the hammam. And besides, if they did, she would move over and just be demurely sitting next to a man and his own...issue. That would be his problem to solve.
"Do you like this?" she whispered into his ear, "you wanted to see me take off my clothes, well here am I. Is this what you wanted?" She squeezed a breast in her left hand as she continued to pull at his cock.
"You dirty boy, I was so ashamed that you could see me strip. But now how does it feel when you have no control? I am going to make you cum right now, and there is nothing you can do."
She could feel his breath tightening in his chest. He must have already been so close after the hot tub earlier, he wouldn't last long. He pushed his body up against hers, leaning on her and wrapping his left arm around her and clasping her breast. She gasped as he flicked her nipple, his hand slipping back and forth over her wet skin. She moved her hand faster and faster, angling his cock across until its head rubbed and pushed against her soft stomach. She moved it in circles, sweat and precum blending on her skin. Her left hand held his balls, tugging them daintily. He moaned and opened his mouth to say something, but quickly slammed it shut as his body began to jerk back and forth.
She felt a sudden hot spurt along her stomach. She looked down and saw a thick white burst of cum that had already started to run down past her belly button. More and more cum followed, one jet spraying up across her chest before she moved her grip over his purple tip to cover off that route. He groaned and twitched as he pumped cum into her hand, running out of her hold and down in a puddle over her thigh. She felt a rush of blood to her pussy, with heat filling her body, like an aftershock of her earlier orgasm.
He leaned back again on the bench, breathing heavily. All of a sudden, like an illusion shattering, she realised that -- steam or no steam -- she was sitting in a room with an erect man, covered in cum. She leapt up and hurried over to the hose used for cleaning the seats. "They don't know how badly they'll need to clean it," she thought. She quickly rinsed off her hand and ran the cold water over her chest and stomach, gasping as it raised goosebumps all over. She twisted the hose until it was on full strength and turned back to the man.
"No wait..." He yelped as she hit him with the full burst of freezing water, trying to cover himself as she aimed the stream directly at his still red and dripping cock. She laughed as his organ quickly wilted under the cold stream, to a much less impressive state. The second she turned off the hose, she heard the door open and a group started to head in, the steam thinning as it escaped. She jumped back up onto a bench at a safe distance from the man. He looked at her and grinned, then his eyes widened. His hand subtly pointed towards her breast.
She looked down and saw a thick drop of cum perched on her breast, right above her nipple. It was very obvious what it was. Looking up at the man again, she wiped it off. She winked at him, and gently licked her finger clean, enjoying the salty taste. She settled back and closed her eyes as the room began to fill. That was quite enough excitement for one day. Just how was a girl supposed to relax at the spa?