The room was baroque and elegant, accompanied by a gentle oaky scent. The late hour and the soft glow of candlelight enhanced the overall atmosphere. He’d always had a taste for the classical.
While he enjoyed the office in his clinic, his home office provided a much larger and more comfortable space for his most discreet work. The walls were lined with a collection of texts and case files, occasionally interrupted by strange objects and sculptures of intertwined figurines.
A solitary ray of artificial light pierced through the room as he settled into a leather armchair, a laptop open in front of him.
He's watching the video.
Her humiliation. Her forced obedience. Her primal forbidden pleasure. Her surrender.
"Thank you so much for my treatment."
Such a pretty little smile. So ruined. A beautiful moment of submission. She truly was made to serve, even if she doesn’t know it yet. She’s so beautifully damaged and desperate.
His own voice plays from the speakers.
"This is how it will be every week. In this environment, you will be my object."
Yes. That's it. The words ring in his mind.
"Every. Week."
He stirs with feral anticipation.
It had been a long time since he had had a true project. Not a client or a patient. No. He’d known since the very day she walked into his office. She was going to be different.
He wanted more. More control.
He'd seen her type so many times, always so eager to be owned, so desperate to be used, but never quite like this. He wouldn't let her slip away. Not this one.
She was a gift. One he intended to keep.
He'd already decided how he was going to do it. Every session she had revealed another vulnerability, another weakness. He would break her down and slowly, purposefully, reconstruct her as something new.
Deep down, she wants this. There is nothing that will convince him otherwise now.
The camera and the contract were just the start. The decision has been made.
He opens his email client, with some select individuals already pre-filled as recipients, and attaches the video. With a smile, he clicks send.
She’s going to be magnificent.


After your latest session, you feel as if you are living two lives now: one of the public and one that is shaped and sculpted by the therapist. The conspiracy you are now living threatens to tear your life and relationships apart in a tornado of taboo.
But it’s so deliciously exciting.
Despite being twice lured in and reduced to a brainless cocksleeve, in your daily life, your mannerisms and behaviours have been slowly blossoming into something new.
Your confidence is soaring. Family and colleagues compliment you on how well you seem to be doing. Male colleagues seem to approach you more now; they flirt with you, and their eyes drift over and linger on you. You catch yourself spending more time on your appearance and even flirting back. If only they knew the truth—how much of a slut you really are.
You're falling in love with the idea of it.
You were always known as the shy girl. Mild manners and always polite. Now there are more eyes on you than ever.
You’ve never felt so wanted. So desired. The attention you’re receiving gives you a high. And you’re starting to crave more. At any cost.
You catch yourself thinking a dangerous thought.
Maybe his 'treatment' is working after all. Maybe he's right. Maybe you really do crave being used by men.
The sessions with the therapist have had intense aftereffects. Despite the disgusting way he treats you, you can't sleep without waking up feeling him inside you. Without dreaming of his smooth voice and thick cock. Your skin is hot. You can't stop touching yourself.
You were raised to be better than this. You know that these thoughts are a sickness, but you can't bring yourself to cure it.
After all, you're not a victim here. You chose this. You’re choosing this.
Right?
Your slowly changing dress sense and the reactions of the men in your day-to-day life only serve to create a beautiful cycle of addiction, stoking the flames of your forbidden thoughts. Whenever you catch a man’s gaze, you think of the therapist’s cruel smile and dangerously melodic voice. You think of his words. His scent. About being his good girl.
It makes your clit throb every time.
He’s filled you with his seed twice now. All on film. Birth control has kept you from pregnancy so far, but even if you wanted to stop him breeding you, you're not sure you could. He’s a medical professional, after all. You know how influential he is. How powerful he is. You know what he can do to you.
The thought of your belly and tits swelling for his children makes you shiver with excitement. It’s deliciously tempting to throw away the pills and place yourself in his office, spreading yourself, ready for him to ruthlessly claim your fertile body and fill your eager womb.
As you fantasise about the therapist manipulating you into bearing his offspring, you have a terrifying realisation. If hediddemand to breed you, you don’t think you would be able to resist.
The thought only makes you moan and rub harder.
What the hell is wrong with you?
The evening before the appointment, a package arrives. You didn't order anything. You check the label.
It's from him.
"I'm looking forward to our catch-up. I've noticed your progress. I believe in positive reinforcement; enjoy this as a reward. Do remember our rules on appearances. See you tomorrow."
Despite the condescending tone, you tear open the packaging like a giddy schoolgirl.
Inside is a smooth dark dress, still sealed, and a pair of dazzling silver high-heeled sandals.
How did he know your measurements?
The question is rinsed away by your excitement. You can't resist trying them on.
The dress fits perfectly. It's soft and thin in texture and leaves little to the imagination. You’ve never owned a piece like this before. By your standards, it’s daring but classy, crafted to tempt onlookers and envelop it's wearer in an aura of mystique. You run your hands over the silk. He'll be expecting you to wear it, of course.
The shoes are platformed and are higher than anything you’ve ever worn. They force you to stand tall, and demand that you take careful, measured steps. The light from your bedroom lamp reflects off the glistening surface, further advertising your vulnerability.
You can’t imagine how much all of this must have cost.
You ignore the fact that he’s dressing you like a doll for his own pleasure. You forget about the likelihood that you will be ruined on film in such a delicate outfit and that you are being configured for the male gaze. Instead, you beam at your reflection in the bedroom mirror, focusing on the flowering feelings of being special. Like a deluded princess under a spell.
The night is long and restless, filled with visions of your wonderfully twisted therapy, the camera, the dress, the scents,him.
Your alarm rings at an early hour. You diligently follow the process, religiously applying your makeup, nail polish, and setting your hair. You decide to add some items of your own choice. A delicate silver necklace, earrings, and a bracelet.
For underwear, you select matching black lacy lingerie. You’ve worn them once, trying them on a long time ago. Since then, they have lain dormant in your wardrobe, waiting for a date or a worthy suitor. You never had the confidence or opportunity to use them properly. That will change today.
You smile as you dress yourself in them. You can’t wait to see his face. His stunned silence. You wrap and layer yourself in the brand-new garments, like an expensive gift. You slip into the heels and gaze in awe at your reflection. The girl in the full-length mirror is unrecognisable. Slowly, but surely, you are being transformed into someone else.
The taxi driver tasked with conveying you to your damnation is the same as last week. He can hardly take his eyes off you. You don’t comment; you simply flash an understanding smile. You sit back slowly, folding one leg over another in the rear seat of the car. The dress glides up your figure, rewarding his audacity and appreciation of your efforts with the best view.
He slows down to better indulge his eyes during the journey.
And to avoid crashing.
You emerge from the taxi like a movie star. Approaching the clinic feels different this time. Your pulse races as you gaze at the building in reverence. His office has become so much more now. It’s a site of transformation. A temple to your weakness. A church of beautiful corruption.
The receptionist eyes your dress, but this time her gaze lingers. She can see how much care and effort went into preparing for today. Her judgement is clear, but she does not comment.
You smile at her politely and take your seat, straightening your hair. You want to be ready.
You gaze at the door longingly. You shake with anticipation; you catch yourself nervously smiling this time. You're hopeless.
The door swings open.
It's not him.
A stranger stands in the doorway. He is tall and middle-aged, with a dark, unkempt beard and a t-shirt that highlights his muscles and belly. Military tattoos adorn his broad arms. His mere physical presence causes you to shrink.
He grins slowly, eyeing you up and down like a piece of meat. He wordlessly steps aside, allowing you entry.
“Come in." A deep familiar voice calls to you from within the office.
It's him.
You hesitate. The heels he chose for you click slowly across the floor as you brush past the bearded man. His gaze never leaves your body.
The therapist sits behind the wide mahogany desk, wearing his signature wide smile and a dark suit. The camera is back, positioned as before. The recording light is already steadily blinking. You straighten up immediately, conscious of the gaze of the lens.
To your surprise, yet another man stands next to him. He's handsome, with an aristocratic face. Perhaps lower 30’s and slender with long, wavy brown hair. He wears a formal shirt tucked into grey tailored pants. He observes your entrance like a shark, his piercing blue eyes tracking your every motion.
The door clicks shut. "Are you ready for me, sweetheart?" The man with the beard grunts at you.
You have no idea what's going on.
"Answer him." The therapist mischievously adds.
"Who, m...me?" You tremble.
The bearded man scoffs.
"You're the little whore in the video, aren't ya?"
You blush intensely, averting your gaze. Your fears and fantasies are both confirmed. He's been showing people.
"Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He grins.
Your breathing quickens.
"What's going on?" You whisper to the therapist.
He rises and approaches you, the clipboard in his hand. He ignores your question.
"Good afternoon. It's good to see you. I must say, you lookincrediblemy dear. The very picture of beauty. I’m sure you turned some heads on your way to my doorstep.” He smirks at you.
You smile nervously.
He beckons you closer, gesturing with a rotation of his hand for you to turn around.
You pause and then turn on the spot slowly, modelling the dress that he picked out for you, each movement punctuated by a soft click of your high heels on the floor.
Your display enraptures and inflames the thoughts of your viewers. For a moment, the room falls silent in awe.
And raw desire.
“As I said,incredible.” He breathes.
Heat rises through your body as he beams at you with approval.
His praise is honey.
“I hear that you have been doing extremely well this week. I’m glad you are making such excellent progress. How do you feel?”
Given the situation, the question feels surreal.
But you’ve always been a polite girl.
“Very well… thank you.” You breathe, still shaking.
“Before we begin, we must review the details of your treatment. Today's session will be slightly different. I will explain it in full detail. Please take a seat."
He gestures to the sofa.
You slowly sit. The bearded man moves behind the sofa. He’s intimidating.
"Now, as you are aware, part of your treatment includes dressing and presenting yourself appropriately. You have done extremely well in this area. I thank you."
He eyes you once again, appreciating your visage.
"However, part of our treatment allows for certain external influences. We will be having assistants with us today.”
"Assistants?"
"That's right. It is all part of your treatment. As per the paperwork."
You remember the document. Your signature.
You desperately look around the room. The silent man leans against the wall, observing you closely. The bearded man is pacing behind the sofa, leering at you. You look to the door. There's still time to get out.
As if reading your intention, the therapist continues. “You will recall that you signed these documents, allowing for whatever treatment I may deem necessary. Not to mention the footage we have to confirm that. And more”
There’s that wide smile.
“Before we begin, could you please confirm that you are consenting to this treatment?"
The question is rhetorical. You hesitate, trapped.
"Answer honestly." He locks eyes with you, his eyebrows raised, daring you to refuse. You know by now that the choice is an illusion. His expression makes you afraid.
And so turned on.
"Yes." you whisper.
Your mind races. What are you doing? What have you done? Is that really all it takes now? A firm voice and the unspoken threat of violence?
The therapist smiles and looks at the bearded man.
"Mr. Williams. Would you be so kind as to introduce yourself?"
"Gladly."
He steps forwards, grinning.
"Hello, sweetheart. Call me, Mr. Williams. Or just, sir, if you find that too tricky." He chastises. He's talking down to you, as if you were a child.
He towers over you; his presence is overwhelming. He could crush you.
"Now, Mr. Williams has agreed to provide some assistance with our therapy today. He has some unique skills that will be very beneficial. As will Mr. Beckett, a close acquaintance of ours."
He gestures to the other man standing against the wall. His piercing, analytical gaze is still firmly on you. He has the faintest trace of amusement on his lips.
"Now, we can begin." The therapist announces, sitting back down behind his desk. He produces a notepad and a pen, clicking it once before looking back at Williams.
"Mr. Williams, I’d like you to answer some questions about our client.”
"Sure doc.” His hungry gaze never leaves you.
"Mr. Williams. Could you please describe your first impression?"
The bearded man laughs. "Of course, Dr. Jameson." He remains uncomfortably close. He stares into your eyes as he begins to answer the therapist’s question.
"When I first saw her, I was impressed. She’s small and looks easy to handle, with a nice tight bod. She’s clearly taken great care in getting dolled up for you. I thought that she needed to be fucked. Hard."
You avert your gaze again while shifting awkwardly, trying to conceal your pang of arousal at the brutish mans words.
"Now, Mr. Williams. If you could please tell me your current impressions of our client?"
"I know her type. A nasty little slut who’s only good for fucking. I can tell from the way she's dressed and the way she's acting. Look at her. She might be a bit shy, but she's eager, doc. I can feel it. She wants this."
The therapist turns his attention to you.
"Now then, my dear, how does it make you feel hearing those words?”
“I… don’t know.” You stammer.
The therapist ignores you.
"Mr. Williams, do continue. She's waiting for you."
The man steps towards you. You're nervous.
"Stand up, slut." He grunts.
You look to the therapist, tears welling in your eyes. He returns your gaze wordlessly. Is he enjoying your discomfort? How could he do this to you? He knows what you’ve been through.
"Closer." He demands, gesturing.
You approach, trembling.
"Look at you, doll. Pretty little thing."
His broad, rough hands run over the dress.
"You got a fine dress."
"Thank you." You whisper, avoiding eye contact.
His hand moves to your neck, stroking the silver chain.
"That's a pretty little necklace, too."
He grips the necklace, tugging you closer. You gasp. He smells musky. The faint scent of smoke and sweat. It’s disturbingly familiar.
He begins to roughly feel you, groping your ass and breasts. “You’ve got a body built for this haven’t you sweetheart?” He growls.
“I…”
He doesn’t wait for your reply, disinterested in your words.
With shocking strength, he places his hands on your shoulders and violently pushes you back down onto the sofa.
"Mr. Williams." The therapist calls sternly. "Do not damage her too much. She still has value."
"Alright, alright, Doc."
They talk about you like you’re an object with no opinions of your own, a piece of property, a tool to be used.
It makes your cunt tingle.
The bearded man steps back, his eyes fixed on you. He reaches down, unzipping his jeans.
You gasp as his cock springs free; it’s thick and already hard as diamonds.
"Open your mouth, slut." He growls.
"Wait."
The therapist holds up a hand, stopping him.
"You are being asked to provide a service. I would like you to answer honestly. How does it make you feel when a man desires you?"
You're not sure how to answer.
"There's no wrong answer." The therapist soothes.
"I don't know. I'm not used to it…"
"Do you feel pleasant when a strange man desires you for your body? Aroused even?"
You pause.
"I don't know. I...don't really think about it."
Liar.
"And how does it make you feel when you're told what to do? When a man demands that you do things for his pleasure?"
Your breathing quickens. The large man stands tall over you. He begins to stroke his cock, eager to pounce on you. There are so many eyes watching, all transfixed with a single purpose: using your body for pleasure.
"It makes me feel..."
You try to find the words. You feel so small sat before the men. Dressed for their visual pleasure, you are powerless, any deception would be seen through immidiately, any escape made impossible. You chose to come here. You chose to wear this.
The words you settle on will only serve to damage you further.
But they are the truth.
"It makes me feel good." You admit with an exhale, defeated again.
The therapist smiles.
"Excellent.” He breathes. “Now, Mr. Williams. You may proceed."
The bearded man grins, now unchained and free to enjoy your flesh. He grabs hold of the back of your head.
"Open your mouth, slut."
Your heart races as he forces his thick cock between your lips, causing you to gag.
"That's it, darling. Time to be a big girl now."
There’s that feeling again. You just can't help yourself. Your cunt begins to tingle as you suck his musky cock. You glance at the therapist. He’s smiling at you approvingly. Fear is replaced by submission. You feel like such a good little slut.
He begins thrusting into your mouth, all while running his hands through your hair.
"That's it, sweetheart. You like that, don't ya? You like being used by real men."
Even as you tremble, you can't deny how wet it's making you.
"You're a good little cockwarmer. Suck it good now."
You work his cock obediently. His grip on your hair tightens.
"Yeah, that's it, slut. Suck it. Take it deep."
His cock begins to push deeper, probing and testing your throat. You cough, softly choking on his cock. Your pathetic attempt to hide your gag reflex produces an amused chuckle from the large man.
“Don’t worry darling. We’ll soon train that out of you.”
The ever-dutiful camera, your dear therapist, and the silently observing Mr. Beckett watch the spectacle unfold. There are so many eyes on you. Judging. Evaluating.
It makes you work harder.
The sheer size of the man causes you to drool. You look up from the sofa, meeting his gaze through your pretty eyelashes. He’s so big. He smiles down at you, enjoying the sloppy sounds of your efforts as you put your lips to good use.
“That's it, slut. Suck that cock. Be a big girl and swallow daddies load."
You feel his cock begin to pulse and throb between your lips. His warm, thick load begins to fill your mouth. He cums for a long time, pumping rope after rope onto your tongue, groaning as he does. The sheer volume of his release is shocking. He must have been waiting for this for a long time. Waiting for your mouth. Your service.
The thought of someone waiting to use you.
It makes you soaking wet.
"Fuck... Yes. What a greedy little girl."
You close your eyes tight and begin to gulp, forcing his copious seed down your throat. He pulls out of your mouth, his cock dripping. You are left gasping, lips glistening enticingly.
"Clean it off, slut. I know you know how."
You reach out, taking his cock in your hand, and gently lick the cum from the tip.
"Mmm, yeah. That's it babydoll."
You lick and suck his cock clean, the taste of cum and sweat nesting into your mouth.
A new voice brushes your ears. It's sharp and well-spoken, not unlike the therapist.
"She's very eager."
You look up to see your therapist’s other ‘assistant’, still carefully observing what you can do. Your eyes drift down, and you notice the outline of his penis growing in his form-fitting pants. He’s enjoying the view.
Your lips part. Your soft mind is suddenly clouded with an urge to offer him release too.
When did you become such a cumslut?
"Would you care to inspect her a little more closely, Mr. Beckett?"
"Yes. I think I will." He steps purposefully towards you, his countenance ruthless and driven.
"On your knees."
You look at him nervously with wide eyes.
"Are you stupid? You heard me."
The venom in his voice challenges you to disobey. Fearfully, you slowly lower yourself from the sofa onto the floor before the two men, the salty taste of cum still fresh in your mouth. They tower over you and surround you. There's nowhere to go now.
The therapist calmly continues to observe from behind his desk with his close ally, the video camera, ensuring that every precious moment is documented.
Beckett suddenly cups your chin, tilting your head from side to side while inspecting you, as if appraising a piece of fresh fruit.
"She has a lot of potential. I can see why you chose her."
He lets go of your chin and runs his hand along your collarbone.
"Such smooth, delicate skin."
He callously grips your chin again, staring into you clinically.
"Look at how she reacts; she's practically begging to be used."
Your heart skips a beat.Is it really that obvious?
His other hand moves to your throat.
"Aren't you, you dumb slut?”
His grip tightens. You're terrified of him.
"Yes." You squeak.
A cruel smile creeps onto his face. He revels in your fear for a moment, and then let’s go. His eyes scan over you again.
"Now, if you intend to keep these stunning garments intact, I suggest you strip them off."
"I’ll tear them off at this rate." grunts Williams. You notice that he’s begun to stroke his cock again, keen to make use of the time he has with you.
You desperately look past the two men to the therapist. His eyes are level with yours. His words are those of pointed encouragement, a cocktail of threat and reassurance. "Keep going now. You’re doing so well. Remember our agreement."
Your fingers tremble as you struggle to undo the dress, which was chosen by him and ultimately also under his control. He’s slowly owning you. Piece by piece.
"Allow me, my dear." The therapist offers, rising from his desk and stepping towards you. He leans down and begins to unzip the back of your dress slowly, with appreciation, savouring the experience of unwrapping you.
He delicately peels the dress away from your body, revealing your carefully selected lingerie.
It hasexactlythe impact you secretly hoped it would.
"Fucking hell, look at that." Rumbles Williams.
The therapist gently runs his hand along your side, sending shivers through your body.
“Well, isn't that a surprise?" Beckett smirks.
Your cunt pulses. The three men can clearly see it.
"You slut. You actually like this, don't you?" Beckett laughs.
"Yes." you whisper.
"Yes, what?"
"Yes... sir."
Beckett grins and turns to Dr. Jameson. "Oh, she'sverygood."
"Indeed she is." He breathes.
The therapist leans closer, staring deeply into your eyes. You return his gaze. He wears an expression you’ve seen before. Maybe he’ll say it. You want him to say it.
Oh god, please say it.
"Such a good girl."
The words hit you from orbit. They feel like heaven. Your lips part softly as your mind fogs over. A warmth radiates from between your thighs. You are so addicted.
"Yes, sir." You breathe.
"And are you ready to be a good girl for me and my associates?"
Even if you could, it’s too late to turn back now. The feeling between your legs has enslaved you. You’re so eager to please. You can't believe what you're about to say.
"Yes sir. I’ll be a good girl."
Beckett deftly slides his belt from his pants to bring out his cock, maintaining eye contact with you. You look to your left; Williams is grinning, still stroking his rapidly re-engorging length.
"Turn her to the side. I want a better angle for our audience." The therapist explains.
Audience.
You love that word.
They look at each other and shrug. "Alright."
You're repositioned in the centre of the room and rotated like an ornament, showing off your side profile to the camera, giving a perfect view of your pending violation.
You're deliciously exposed, kneeling helplessly before three men who are about to use you in the most degrading ways possible. You can see them getting aroused, each of them with the same hunger behind their eyes.
Of course, all you can think about is their cocks, and who else is going to see your sordid act. The thought of the therapist showing even more strangers your performance only makes your cunt more soaking by the second.
"Jerk our cocks you stupid slut." Beckett demands with impatience. Williams chuckles.
You take one assistant in each hand, stroking slowly in awe. You've never done anything like this before. If only your family could see you now. The thought makes your pussy twitch. This therapy really is bringing out the worst in you.
You continue to slide your soft hands up and down their lengths, feeling them throb and engorge in your hands. William’s cock is slightly shorter than Beckett's but noticeably thicker.
You slowly look up at the men. Your dear therapist has joined in, his trousers open. He strokes his large cock and observes your act of service.So many eyes are on you. You love the feeling of being appreciated. At being regarded as useful at something.
Williams groans, pulls his cock out of your hand, and slaps your cheek with it, producing low chuckles from both men.
"Open." Beckett commands, his voice cold and commanding. You can tell by the look on his face that he does not intend to be gentle. He pushes his cock into your mouth, eager to use your lips.
"A good little slut, aren't you, darling?" smiles Williams as you service his co-assistant. A moment passes while you suck. His tone changes. "Just because you're getting your mouth fucked doesn't mean you can't show me some respect, girl."
You pop your lips off Becketts cock, taking a short breath before whispering a "Yes sir."
A loud crack echoes around the room as Beckett delivers a brutal slap to your face.
You gasp.
The impact sends you sideways onto the floor, your cheek stinging.
"Did I tell you to stop, you stupid whore?" Beckett barks.
"N..no, please... sir."
You scramble to return to your position, desperately wrapping your nail-polished fingers over the two cocks, quickly stroking them again, hoping to make amends. The prospect of displeasing the men fills you with a toxic mixture of fear and guilt.
Your face throbs and begins to redden. You look up, praying that your apology has been accepted by your superiors.
"That's better, darling." Williams grunts.
Beckett smiles and nods, pleased. For now.
A small poisonous dose of relief. You won’t make that mistake again.
They really are breaking you.
“Follow my associate's instructions little slut.” The therapist warns.
He steps closer between his two assistants, stroking his cock directly in front of you.
"Suck. And do a better job this time."
His primal tone has returned.
Your pussy aches.
"Yes sir~" You respond sweetly.
You close your lips over his cock, bobbing your head up and down, the sounds of wet suction echoing throughout the office. You’re trying so hard to make up for your error. To prove that you’re still useful.
Before you realise it, you are servicing three men at once. You keep your lips tight to the therapist’s cock before sliding off his length. You lick his shaft from base to tip, like a cheap hooker with something to prove. You adjust your position so you can stroke the other men while you work on the doctor. You want no one to go unsatisfied.
The camera captures and neatly packages every memory. Preparing to share your efforts with other interested parties. A perfect advertisement for your talents.
You're not sure what's worse—the fact that you’re too afraid to show a hint of defiance or the fact that you can't wait for more. A few months ago, you would have never imagined doing something like this, but now you've found yourself in the middle of a sexual frenzy, surrounded by horny men. You are no longer in control.
You begin to move your mouth between the men, worshipping and savouring their taste. As your lips wrap around and soak each cock in turn, you keep working your hands to keep the others placated. Sometimes they let you move of your own accord, other times you are commanded to switch, or even just roughly pulled onto a cock to provide immediate relief with your mouth.
It feels incredible to be so desired. Down on your knees in your delicate lingerie and heels, you want to make them feel good. You need them to approve of you. You are so hungry. So needy.
"She's really enjoying herself, isn't she doc?"
"Indeed she does. She pretends that she doesn’t enjoy it, but she is a naughty little slut. She has likely been dreaming of this for a long time. She will make for a good fucktoy.”
He turns. “Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Beckett?"
"Absolutely." He growls. “As a set of holes, she’s certainly not half bad.”
He scowls at you. “Don’t listen or try to think, little pig. Keep doing your job.”
You hurriedly continue to please them. An obsidian river trickles down your beautifully reddened and sore cheeks as mascara runs from your watering eyes. Your lips are stretched, only ever getting brief relief when being turned to wrap around another waiting cock. There's a simplicity in being this way. A happiness in slavery.
“She’s a greedy little whore this one.” Williams mumbles.
The therapist looks to Williams, both of their cocks currently in your hands. Your eyes drift between them while you keep Beckett satisfied with your mouth. They exchange an invisible understanding.
With no warning, the therapist reaches over your head and grips a fistful of your hair.
He walks forward, harshly yanking you backwards.
Before you can register what’s happening, you are dragged by your hair along the oak floor. You scramble and thrash in panic, your slut-heels failing to gain purchase on the smooth flooring. You yelp in pain as he pulls you.
Your mind rushes with fear. Have they lost control?
Or worse:
Did you do something wrong?
After a short, painful distance, he suddenly pulls you up from the floor and roughly pushes you forward, bending you face-first over the side of the sofa like a ragdoll. He delivers a hard strike to your ass before pulling your head closer to him by your throat.
"Stay there." He growls into your ear.
“Keep her useful.” He commands.
"With pleasure, doc."
You feel the pressure on your back as Williams pushes his weight against you. Your hair is snatched up again in his broad hand; the other slides down your back, landing hard against your already freshly spanked ass, causing you to pathetically whimper.
"That's it, whore. Show daddy that pretty ass."
You can't move. You're trapped. He leans down and kisses your neck, giving you another waft of smoke and alcohol. His beard scratches your skin. He whispers to you softly.
"I'm gonna fuck you, darling."
"And you're gonna like it."
"Y..yes daddy." You squeak, your increasingly broken mind electing to indulge his fantasy.
His strong hands have no trouble pulling your lingerie down your shaking legs. He grips your hips as he forces the mushroom-shaped tip of his member against your slick entrance. Your eager and dripping cunt has no choice but to yield and embrace his thick cock.
"Fuck, she's tight."
You feel his large weight pushing against you as he begins to fuck you, his already throbbing rod stretching and filling you. Your labia is spread wide, accommodating his slow but deep thrusts. You moan as your back arches greedily for him. You’re unable to stop yourself.
He sees your reaction and encourages you, accepting your involuntary response as an invitation to defile you further.
"That's it, sweetheart. Take it. Take it deep for daddy.” He perversely soothes.
“You like that don’t you darling?”
“Can you still taste me little slut? You liked it didn’t you? What a dirty little girl.”
“Shhh. I know how much you’re loving this doll.”
“Babygirl is so tight, ain’t she?”
“That’s it princess. Just lie there and let us finish using you; this will be all over soon.”
He’s so deep now. It's all too much. The pain. The feeling of powerlessness. You moan and squirm. You're just a set of holes to them. All that matters to you right now is getting through this. All that matters is pleasing them.
Through the rhythmic tremors of his fucking and the fog of tears in your eyes, you barely have time to react to a figure sliding onto the sofa in front of you. Your teary eyes go wide with fear and arousal.
Oh please no.
With silent coordination, Williams transfers his grip of your hair into the grasping hands of Beckett, who grips tightly, before he promptly thrusts his cock once more into your gasping, vulnerable mouth.
“That’s better. Something to shut you up with.”
“I can’t get enough of this slut’s nasty little mouth.”
His cruel grip tightens. He addresses you with contempt, almost spitting his words.
“I know about you. I’ve seen you. You’re a pathetic cumdump, and I want you to know that you deserve every second of this you cock-craving little whore."
He chuckles evilly.
“You have no idea what you’ve signed up for. You’re either as stupid as you look or a pathetically desperate bitch in heat.”
You hate that he’s right.
Why do you love that he’s right?
"You had better not cum you vile little slut. You haven’t earned it yet."
The two men grunt and moan as they alternate thrusting into your holes, spit-roasting you. They use every part of you for their own pleasure. William’s unprotected cock pounds into your cunt, all while Beckett hatefully uses your mouth as a living fleshlight.
Your mind is a haze of lust, pain, and degradation. So many eyes.So much cock.You feel the tension building within you. You're going to cum. You can't help it.
Your mouth fills with a dollop of Beckett’s pre-cum.
You have no control anymore. You groan and splutter like a common whore, your body tensing as the orgasm washes over you like a warm wave.
Your eyes roll back in your head. You shudder and convulse even as both men continue using you as a cocksleeve. You feel yourself becoming dizzy.
You don't know what scare you more, the fact that they clearly have no intention of stopping, or that you have disobeyed Beckett's instruction to restrain yourself from pleasure.
Williams continues to roughly pound you, his hands tightly gripping your sore ass. Beckett brutally holds your head as he skull-fucks you, forcing his cock deep into your abused throat, his balls slapping against your chin. Skewered between the two feral men, you have no choice but to try and stay conscious as they use and degrade you.
“Dirty bitch.”
“Useless cunt.”
“Fuckpig.”
"Cockslave."
“Whore.”
While your violations continue in earnest, the therapist approaches the camera, which has been silently observing your inhuman treatment. The harsh and wet sound of your abuse from the other men echoes around his office.
Judging from their ferocity and pace, his associates hadn’t cum inside her yet, meaning that the source of all that natural lubrication was from her. She was soaking for this. As he knew you would be.
That's my good girl.
He looks through the lens of the camera at you being helplessly used on the sofa. He zooms in slightly, framing you perfectly between the two men as you convulse and struggle under them. He was eager to join and make use of her.
Not yet.He thought.Business before pleasure.
He checks his watch. There is plenty of time left. She was only getting started.
He reaches for the lowest drawer of his desk, smiling widely as the lock clicks open.
Now it was finally time to truly break her.