Day 13
I woke up with a grin on Saturday morning, my whole body stretched and twisted. I had slept so well, my body sated from Daddy's cock the night before. He had fucked me twice, Mommy's tongue cleaning my sloppy, swollen pussy before bed. Her wicked mouth made me cum two more times before I finally fell asleep, exhausted. I was a lucky girl and today was the barbecue!
I squealed with excitement and got up to get ready for the day. It was already later than I thought, 11:35am the clock read on my nightstand. Mommy and Daddy had let me sleep in very late. As I walked towards the bathroom I ran my hands down my flat stomach and over my thighs, my skin silky soft. A nice hot shower would be a perfect way to start the day.
An hour or so later I was fully dressed in another sundress. This time it was a pretty, light green that made my red hair shine and complimented my auburn waves nicely. The hem went down to the middle of my thighs and rode up pretty high when I sat down but it still covered my bits and pieces. I didn't bother putting on any panties as Daddy would only spank me if he found me wearing any at home. My little titties went naked under the t-shirt dress as well, my hard nipples brushing against the fabric with every one of my steps. It felt so good.
"Morning Mommy!" I said, skipping into the kitchen.
"Morning baby girl, did you sleep well?" she asked, looking up from the magazine she was reading at the kitchen table.
"Oh yes Mommy, very well."
"Good, I'm glad. Did you invite Hannah over for the barbecue?"
I poured some milk into my cereal bowl, took a seat next to her and nodded.
"Yes Mommy, she should be here soon."
"Oh good, I'm happy she's coming. Tori is bringing her neighbor Peggy so you three can hang out," she said, flipping the page to an article that read 'Breeding: A Bull's Story.'
"How many people are coming to the party?" I asked around a mouthful of sugary goodness.
Mommy glared at me and I quickly closed my mouth to finish chewing.
"Sorry," I mumbled.
"Uncle Johnny and his girlfriend, Hannah of course, Mr. and Mrs. Henderson are coming. Tori and Peggy, oh and Tori's brother is in town so he's coming as well," Mommy smiled. "It should be a full house!"
We sat quietly together, the pages of the magazine turning and my spoon against the bowl the only sounds in the kitchen.
"Where's Daddy?" I asked.
"He's upstairs in the gym working out," Mommy said, not looking up from the image in front of her.
A woman was bound naked to a table, a line of equally naked men waiting patiently beside her as one of them held his dick inside her. The headline read "Welcum to the Neighborhood!"
I finished my cereal and went into the living room to watch some tv before Hannah arrived. A new episode of 'Sextacular' was on. The longest running show on television, it's latest season was the hottest yet. As people got more and more comfortable with sex over the years the lives of porn stars was the hottest reality television topic. 'Sextacular' had taken television by storm all those years ago. Ironically with sex readily available the porn industry has pretty much crumbled in on itself. People no longer wanted to pay to see people acting and faking orgasms when they could just have sex themselves. The show was still popular though, it now followed the lives of new age sex workers - bulls and other people in the sex industry like spa workers. I had just flipped on the television when the door bell rang.
"I'll get it!" I yelled, bouncing off of the couch to skip to the door.
Hannah smiled and struck a cheesy pose when I opened the door.
"Hey babe!" she squealed, giving me a quick hug, her hand reaching up to pinch my nipple.
"Oof!" I said, pushing her away. "You jerk!" I said, rubbing the little pain.
She just laughed and walked into the living room with me.
"How was your morning?" I asked her.
"It was okay," she said sitting on the couch next to me, pulling her legs up criss-cross-applesauce style, wincing as she did so.
"Just ok?" I said, looking at her closely.
Her long brown hair was up today in a high pony tail and her outfit, as always, was immaculate. A simple white t-shirt and tan shorts complimented her tanned skin.
"The boys were a little rough this morning and pulled a train on my ass," she said.
'The boys,' as she called them, referred to her foster Dad and her Uncles. Since her four Uncles had yet to find long term women or men of their own, they lived with her and her parents as one big happy family. This meant Hannah and Mrs. Tunt had a LOT of sex with five men in the house.
"A train?" I asked, confused.
"It's like a gang bang where guys take you one after another, but it's usually just in one position, in one hole," she explained. "They come through one after another."
She made hand gestures as she talked and I blushed at the image.
"Oh," I said lamely.
I felt like I was having more and more sexual experiences everyday, but I guess in reality I was still pretty innocent in comparison.
"Anyways, my asshole is hella sore!" she laughed, adjusting her position again to try and be more comfortable.
I nodded in understanding, taking just Daddy's cock in my ass was hard let alone five in a row.
"Hey girls!"
We both looked up and saw Daddy standing in the doorway. My mouth watering just looking at him. Clearly straight from the home gym upstairs he was shirtless with soft comfortable pants on. His chest muscles and abs were tightly defined from the workout, a sheen of sweat all over his torso. I could see the outline of his cock and heavy balls through the thin material. He looked scrumptious.
"Hi Mr. Bourne!" Hannah said with a cheerful little wave.
"Are you girls behaving yourselves?" Daddy asked with a wink and we both giggled.
"Of course Daddy! Hannah just got here," I said.
He leaned against the door jam, one arm stretched above him, the other running down the length of his body. We watched his hand smooth down his stomach and dip below the waistband as he casually stroked his cock under his pants. I moaned softly, my eyes glued to his hand.
"Are you girls excited for the party?" he asked. "The food should be great."
"I'm excited to meet Peggy!" Hannah said.
"She's a very nice girl, addicted to fist, but otherwise a very nice girl," Daddy said, his hand dropping down beneath the fabric and cupping his balls now.
"Can you blame her really?" Hannah laughed.
"I don't understand how she can take them so regularly," I added.
"Practice!" Hannah giggled.
Daddy nodded in agreement, his hand still moving under his pants. His arm dropped from above him and he turned to leave the room. Taking a step he hesitated and then turned back to us.
"You know what Missy girl? Why don't you lay back and spread your legs for me so I can fuck your cunt for a while."
Startled by his rapid change of topic I just stared at him.
"Go ahead Missy," he says seriously, pushing himself off of the wall and walking towards us.
"But Daddy-"
"No buts, open your legs baby, Daddy needs to give you some cum."
I laid back automatically and opened my legs a little as he walked towards me on the couch, my dress sliding up around my waist as I leaned back. His hand was still down his pants, jerking his now fully hard cock. He leaned over me and shoved his pants down to free his cock and rubbing the head all over my pussy, coating his cock with my cream.
"But Daddy Hannah is here!" I half-protested, half-moaned as he pushed the first few inches of his cock into my body.
"Hannah doesn't mind if we fuck in front of her, do you Hannah?" he said, pulling his hips back and pushing deeper into me.
"Oh no, not at all Mr. Bourne, your cock is amazing!" Hannah said eagerly, her eyes staring at where we were joined.
"See baby? And you love getting your little twat fucked with an audience so spread those legs nice and wide and let Daddy fuck you nice and deep."
Giving in, I weakly let my legs fall back to my sides and spread myself fully open for his cock. He grunted in response and pumped his cock deeper and deeper into my cunt.
"He's huge Missy!" Hannah whispered loudly. "He's thicker than my wrist!"
Daddy just chuckled at her observation and kept steadily pumping into my body. I moaned feeling his cock head reach the back of my pussy.
"There you go. She loves it though, don't you baby girl?" he asked, grinding against my cervix in that way he does that makes my whole body shake.
"Yes Daddy!"
Hannah scooted closer and Daddy leaned down to kiss me, his tongue thrusting into my mouth in time with his cock into my cunny.
"So what's new with you Hannah?" Daddy asked after he pulled back from the steamy kiss, his hips setting a languid pace.
"Nothing really Mr. Bourne, I was just telling Missy about the train my family pulled on my ass this morning and how sore I am," she explained, watching my legs wrap around his hips as his ass pumped smoothly into me.
"Trains can be fun though," Daddy said wickedly. "Did you have some good cums at least?"
"Oh of course Mr. Bourne! I love anal," Hannah said with a grin.
"Okay good, Missy loves getting her ass fucked too. Don't you baby girl?"
"Yes Daddy." I groaned.
"I know Mr. Henderson is looking forward to giving this ass a good reaming this afternoon," Daddy said, smacking my ass cheek.
"Oh!" I said, surprised by the new information.
"And I'm sure Uncle Johnny will want a piece of your tight cunt too," Daddy continued. "Everyone is going to want to fuck you little girl. You'll be Daddy's good little slut and fuck who I say, right baby?"
"Okay Daddy!"
Daddy groaned and held his cock deep inside my pussy, feeling it pulse around him. "That's a good girl, cumming on my cock!"
Embarrassed by my quick orgasm I squeezed my eyes shut as my body spasmed and the climax rolled through me.
"Oh that looks like a good one!" Hannah exclaimed.
"She always cums hard on my cock, don't you baby?" Daddy panted, fucking harder into my cunt now, making sure to extend my orgasm as long as possible.
"Yes Daddy," I whimpered.
"Maybe we should gang bang you today Missy girl," Daddy said, rutting hard against me.
"Ooo! You should! I think she'd love it!" Hannah squealed, clapping her hands a few times with excitement.
"Would you like that baby girl? A nice little gang bang for your greedy pussy? Does your cunt need cock after cock?" Daddy grunted into my ear, his body now slamming into mine. "Fuck yea that's it! Clench your twat down on my cock and cum on me!"
"Daddy!" I screamed as the second climax ripped through me, my pussy spasming so hard it hurt.
You could hear our panting breath and the hard slap of his body into mine. I felt his cock swell and knew he was getting close to cumming.
"Yea I think your pussy would love a nice gang fuck with everyone this afternoon. I can't wait to see you getting fucked baby girl."
"Daddy, please!" I begged, pulling his ass into me and grinding my clit up into his pelvis.
"Fuck her Mr. Bourne!" Hannah cheered from the sidelines, her eyes glued to Daddy long dicking me with the whole length of his cock.
"Fuck yea! Take my cum baby!" Daddy yelled, burying all nine plus inches of his thick cock deep into my cunt, jabbing it roughly into my cervix with brutally deep short thrusts over and over again.
I used my legs to pull his body as close to mine as possible and held him there as his cock pulsed and pumped his cum into me.
"Mmm that looks so hot!" Hannah murmured next to us.
Sweat dripping off of his face, Daddy leaned down to kiss me again. His tongue rubbing openly against mine as his cock kept spewing ropes of thick cum against the back of my pussy.
"Feel good baby?" he asked me, keeping his still hard cock buried deep, occasionally pulsing cum into me.
"Yes Daddy," I sighed happily, the aftershocks of my orgasm still rippling through my pussy, milking his cock.
He smiled down at me and leaned down to suck on my tongue again.
"Oh! Daddy?!" I gasped, surprised, pulling away from his mouth.
"Yea baby?"
"She's licking where we're connected!" I said, shocked to feel Hannah's tongue on my pussy.
"You like that baby? Cock in your cunt and a tongue on your pussy?" he said smiling down at me.
"Yes Daddy!" I moaned at the sensation.
"Let her clean us up baby girl, she deserves a treat don't you think?" he asked.
I nodded, loving the feeling of her tongue licking around the base of Daddy's cock where it entered my body. My pussy hole was stretched tight around his dick and her mouth felt amazing on the tender and abused tissue.
"Feel my cum leaking out of you?" Daddy asked between kisses.
I nodded, once again he had filled me up until I was overflowing.
"She's slurping them up for us," Daddy whispered. "I think she likes our cum."
I giggled at his wink and nodded again, her tongue now playing with my asshole and licking up the cum that had slid down there.
Daddy pulled his cock out of my pussy and then slid it in balls deep again, pushing more cum out of me. Hannah made a happy noise and went back to work cleaning us.
I sighed with happiness.