James and I had just gone hiking (I'll post that story later) and were heading home. We hadn't had lunch so we were both hungry so we decided to stop by McDonalds on the way. Haley had already taken off her bra and was only wearing her little black running shorts and black singlet. We eventually saw a McDonalds and pulled into the carpark.
Whenever Haley walked in this top her nipple, then boob(s) would pop out. We walked in and Haley and I stood a few steps from the counter deciding what to wear. I immediately saw the cashier who was a guy stare at Haley's boobs as he was serving the customer before us. His eyes literally were glued to her chest as he waited for us to order.
When we decided what to order I told her to order it and watched the guy's reaction. Haley's top was very low cut and showed a lot of cleavage. I whispered to bend a little more when she also asked for water which resulted in a little bit of her dark areola's peek up from under the flimsy singlet. I must admit the guy was somewhat professional and didn't look and looked at Haley's face as she ordered.
We waited to the side and I sneakily snapped two pictures of Haley with her boobs almost showing. We were handed our food and as we passed two guys (around mid-20's), one of them had a quick glance at Haley's ample cleavage.
Wanting more pictures I sat down opposite the counter. Haley stood in front of me facing me. The guy was still at the counter ad would have got a good look at Haley's ass in those tight short running shorts. There was a camera to our right so I didn't ask Haley to take out her boobs, but we did manage to get a number of more sexy shots. Since the top was so loose her left nipple came out just a bit (which she didn't realise, so it made for some very sexy pictures).
The whole experience had me hard. Although I'd been taking pictures of Haley the whole day, the excitement of being around people, plus the fact the guy at the counter was staring at Haley made it so much better! There's just something about seeing Haley exposed in public that's so sexy, made all the more exciting when someone gets an 'accidental' look!
Haley:
Hey guys, so the reason I took off my bra was because I'd more or less gone the whole day without a bra, it felt weird to actually wear it. Plus I knew James wanted to try to take some pictures when ordering food.
When James told me about the cashier's reaction, I smiled to myself and thought I'd have some fun. James has always wanted to do this at a fast food restaurant but in Australia, many of the cashier's are female. This guy looked new and I think he was a trainee so hopefully it made his day.
When ordering I had no clue if my boobs were out or not. I knew I was showing a lot of cleavage and it felt incredibly sexy. Knowing I'd never see this guy again gave me a lot of confidence and I secretly hoped my nipple or boob popped out. James told me to bend and show even more. Usually I wouldn't have listened but I was so excited that I wanted to show more. I leant on the counter and pushed my boobs together ever so slightly giving him a much better look down my top.
After we'd ordered and James sat down wanting to take more pictures, my heart was thudding in my chest. I was excited by what I'd just done and I still felt to exposed. It was a really warm day and the McDonald's was air-conditioned which felt great against so much of my exposed skin. The cool air made me feel every inch of skin that I had exposed.
I nervously posed for James, only a few metres from the counter. My heart was racing as I kept thinking of what I was doing. I mean I was wearing no bra, it was totally obvious because my boobs were almost spilling out of my singlet. My shorts were tiny and tight and you could see a little bit of my ass from the bottom. There was a lady ordering behind me to the right and a few people eating to my right. Not to mention as I was standing in front of James, behind him and so opposite me was a woman in her car waiting for her meal to be delivered to her. There was a glass window behind James and right behind that was this lady who was looking my way waiting for her meal. It felt like all eyes were on me and it was both exciting and terrifying at the same time.
Even as we walked out we walked past a number of people including an employee who kept the door opened for us. I don't think my nipple or boob popped out but I can't sure. They were out when I got into the 4wd but I don't know if they'd popped out on my way back to the car.
All in all, a very exciting experience, and one I hope to do again!