As per Literotica's rules, all characters in this story are at least 18 years old.
*****
"Ooh look!" said Sarah suddenly as the computer pinged, "another email from Geoff!"
It was Monday morning, and we cousins were up in my room rooting through the mail-order box. We'd barely got the lid off, and were still giggling together over my supposedly accidental flashing of the delivery guy, so obviously orchestrated by my younger blond cousin, Sarah. Thanks to her he got a good view of most of my slim figure, especially the left of my 34c tits including the pink nipple and even my dark trimmed bush. Boy was she getting to know what turned me on.
Sarah went to sit at my desk opening my emails on the computer, still in her white and blue floral pjs having only just got out of bed to sign for the package, while I sat on my bed in just a white towel dressing gown, now surrounded by the debris from unpacking our box of delightful naughties.
"What trouble are you two cooking up now?" I asked, sorting the clothing into hers and mine, which was quite easy because she was shorter and a size smaller than me, a 32b on top, and anyway we'd ordered quite different things.
"Some of this email is to both of us. Geoff says the event he's covering on Friday is sold out. But he could maybe persuade Alice to let us join her. He really wants to treat us, to say thanks. I don't see why not, do you?"
"Sounds like it might be fun. Alice is nice, you'll like her, and we can talk to her about it when we see her tomorrow?"
"OK," agreed Sarah, "there's also something here from Geoff about a chat room?" Sarah looked over her right shoulder at me. "Did he say anything about this?"
"No, not at all. What's it about?"
"He says, 'Andrea, you might consider signing up to a chat room I use sometimes to find photographic models. It's a place where you can talk about your exhibitionist desires with others who enjoy similar things. The site is FreeNeasyChat, simple to register, and I recommend the room Exibitionist/Voyeur. I always sign in as AdultPhotographer.' Sounds fun."
I didn't reply but could see Sarah searching for the site, and starting to fill in the Registration.
"I'm putting your email address, Andrea, age 18, female, what else, oh location UK, we'll leave profile statement and interests for another day. Hm, avatar or photo? Shall we put a nice head and shoulders photo of you?"
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" I asked, a little unsure of the wisdom of this.
"I can edit one of Geoff's photos so people can see how pretty you are but not use it to identify you."
"You mustn't use my real name or give my email out, Sarah?"
"Don't worry, it says the email is never displayed, and we haven't yet chosen your screen name. I want to do that last. There! A nice pretty face for your Avatar. So what shall we call you? AnExhibitionistSubmissiveHumiliationSlut?"
"Sarah!" I exclaimed, half embarrassed, half excited at her declaring publicly my fetishes.
"We don't want to broadcast Exhibitionist or you'll be swamped with requests for pictures or camming."
"How do you know all this stuff?"
"Andrea, I have two older brothers and a twin brother," she said as if that explained everything. "A name. We need a name. Something simple, attractive, expressive of who you are, mysterious, early in the alphabet. Lets see."
We were both silent a while as we thought.
"How about AteenModel?" Sarah suggested.
"Sure," I agreed. I didn't think I'd ever use it. "Why not?"
Sarah tapped away thoughtfully for a bit, then announced, "Done! As soon as we get the confirmation email we can jump in."
Within seconds the email came and Sarah opened the chat room.
We spent the next hour browsing the site, ignoring the chat requests that came in every couple of seconds, scanning the conversation in Geoff's favourite room, giggling at what we read and generally getting turned on at the deliciously outrageous naughtiness. Sarah also emailed Geoff giving him my screen name, and saying she'd register herself as AteenDomme.
Later in the day we met Geoff in the chat room, me using my phone, sat next to Sarah on the computer. Geoff left us both welcome messages on our profile pages, making it obvious that he actually knew us in person, and Sarah and I did the same for him and each other. It was actually quite fun, and we got involved in some very naughty conversation on the main chat page. It was pretty obvious that Sarah Dommed me, and we had so many requests from men on that subject. A lot of older men wanted to be Dommed by Sarah, too.
By now she was dressed in designer fitted jeans and a black polo shirt, her hair in a ponytail, while I was in the open white towel robe over a plain white soft bra and cream bikini cut cotton briefs, feeling very sexy. Every so often Sarah would reach over with her left hand and stroke my right thigh, or my tummy, or even slip her fingers inside the waistband and stroke them through my bush. Whenever she did that I would lean over and kiss her cheek, each time getting closer to the corner of her mouth. Then she did it one more time and my lips brushed the left corner of hers as she turned to face me, our lips together in our first tentative kiss, mouths slightly open. It was soft, warm, loving, tender, sensual and erotic. Our tongues danced hesitantly, flickering and exploring, and I felt Sarah's fingers slip lower to cup my pussy where it was already getting moist. Rocking my hips to rub my wetness against her hand I kissed more passionately, my own hands on the back of Sarah's neck, kissing her hungrily, wanting her tongue to fuck my mouth.
Finally we broke apart, and Sarah leaned in to give me another quick soft kiss on my lips before turning back to the computer. She typed a question into the general chat.
"Which do other girls prefer for lesbian sex, a strap-on or a vibrator?"
That sparked lots of activity and delighted Geoff who was showing a distinctly ungentlemanly dirty kinky side. Meanwhile, Sarah's hand was still inside my briefs against my hot pussy, her middle finger now curled inside me as I rocked and humped against her hand, soaking it and my briefs.
"I think I'm gonna cum!" I gasped, "Sarah, my Princess, do I have your permission to orgasm in your hand?"
In answer Sarah turned her face to me and locked her lips on mine, gently fucking my mouth with her tongue and my pussy with her finger as I came in a series of rippling convulsions, my mewls swallowed by my Mistress.
My hips stilled, heaving chest relaxed, and our lips parted, but Sarah's hand remained passively in my pussy, comforting.
"When may I do that for you?" I asked.
"I'll let you know, slut," she grinned.
"Thank you, my Princess!" I smiled back.
Soon Geoff had to go and signed off with a 'see you on Wednesday', and Sarah and I chatted in private with a few guys and girls, then we too signed off.
On Tuesday morning I got an email from Alice asking me to bring brown heels to our 7pm appointment at the College where she was Head of Art.
"Because the girl has her pubic hair in a trimmed landing strip I'll need to incorporate her bush into the design .. There isn't time to shave her pudenda for a suitable skin surface, even if I had the shaving things ..."
I didn't think Alice was aware just how much it turned me on being discussed as if I couldn't hear, being objectified. A quick glance over to Sarah confirmed that she, on the other hand, did.
We were in Alice's studio classroom at the college, preparing marketing material for her future Body Painting class, and the College Photography teacher, Mr Philips was both recording the transformation and taking the pictures that would be used in the posters and flyers.
Being allowed to strip naked in front of the three of them had already warmed me up, and the soft caress of the paintbrush against my skin, and the feel of three pairs of eyes scrutinising my nakedness added to the heat. The humiliation of being talked about was enough to turn heat into moisture.
The gentle blowing of the aerosol paint on my left shin was both soothing and a kind of promise of things to come as I stood on the table, left foot forward, while Alice painted my lower leg to form a brown boot. She changed to yellow around my knee and then used a brush to add the edges, with suitable shading to give the impression of creased leather. I noticed that Mr Philips was less interested in the forming boot than in my naked bush which about his eye level, and another glance at my fair cousin showed she too saw where he was looking. The welcome attention just added to my arousal.
"You know, Sarah, its going to be difficult to paint the girl's briefs with her turned on like this. Her pussy is oozing and I haven't even touched her tits, arse or cunt," Alice commented.
"Yeah, I know, but it's a cute pussy, and her oozes taste great" Sarah replied straight faced.
"Yes, it is a cute pussy, and I like how she has her pubic hair. Do you prefer girls to have a bush or not, Sarah?"
"I think mostly I like some hair, though the fashion does seem to be for a smooth bald cunt."
"I think variety is quite refreshing. What do you think, Mr Philips?"
"I think this girl's pussy is very pretty and looks sexy in photographs. Of course, a hairless cunt lets the photographer capture all the folds and textures of a girls labia, but a trimmed dark bush like this holds the drops of cum nectar which can glisten like jewels in the right light, just like now," and Mr Philips leaned in to get some close up pictures.
"which do you prefer, Alice? Smooth or a bush?" asked Sarah.
As Alice finished the second leg she glanced over, "On you, Sarah my dear, I think a light down above your pussy but clean and bald below, probably waxed so as not to hurt my tongue. Do you cum a lot of juice, my dear? I should warn you I get very moist!"
I was a bit put out at not being the centre of attention. I mean, there I was, totally naked, the only naked person in the room, and they were having a conversation among themselves that wasn't about me!
On the other hand, it was kind of fun being there while my pretty blonde cousin was being chatted up by Alice.
"Can you squirt when you cum, Alice?" asked Sarah, "I've not been able to do it. I want to know what its like."
"Mr Phillips, close your ears, this is girl talk! None of this leaves this room! Or do I need to send you away to go us coffee?"
"Don't worry about me, Alice, I'm just doing the visuals. My ears are closed, lips sealed. Pretend I'm not here," though he had an obvious boner snaking down his trouser leg. Sarah glanced at it dramatically and grinned at me.
"Andrea doesn't squirt, do you, slut? I should probably set you a masturbation homework task. What dya think, Alice? How often shall I have my slut cousin masturbate?"
Alice stopped painting for a moment and looked directly at my pussy. Mr Philips tok a few pictures of her like that.
"It is a very pretty pussy, Sarah. I assume you own it? Yes, I thought as much. It does need to be exercised. I would suggest a minimum of once every day, probably twice, but I'm sure the slut can manage more often than that. Have you been denying her orgasms? Oh, and I think it best if her masturbation doesn't penetrate, lets keep her nice and tight."
Sarah nodded at Alice's wisdom.
I was ecstatic; being talked about, even praised. My tummy was warming and I could feel the wetness at the top of my thighs.
Alice carried on painting and soon both boots were done. She sprayed a minimal G string effect over my bush edged with a brush, but nothing behind, then a dark red basque with a wide expanse of bare midriff, the top edge detailed in a yellow 'W' barely covering my nipples, a yellow 'W' headband on my forehead and tallow forearms.
While all that dried she took a very small band of blue cloth and measured and trimmed, then fitted it round my hips as a low slung tiny wrap over skirt.
"Wonder Woman!" Alice announced, pleased with herself.
"Very nice!" said Mr Phillips, getting shots from every angle. "How about some pictures of her in a public place?"
"Mm, yes, we could, maybe an older formal building to go with the character? Sarah?"
"Great idea, but do you think we could let Geoff in on it? You know him, right?"
Alice looked at Sarah and smiled, nodding.
Wiping her hands and picking up her mobile, "Hey, it's me. Bring your camera. I have a surprise. Ten minutes? Great!"
So we spent the next hour getting some shots in front of a limestone building in the park, the Museum and Gallery, surrounded by trees and lawns. Nobody watching us seemed to realise that almost all my clothing was just paint. It was fun.
As we were packing away Alice asked Sarah,
"What would you think about Andrea posing for a special drawing session for select clients? Maybe erotic nudes?"
"Oh, no problem, we already do camera club erotica for Geoff, don't we?"
"Our first session is tomorrow, Alice," added Geoff, much to my delight.
When Sarah and I got home we had to sneak past Mum before she noticed the state I was in. I needed a shower to clean of the paint, and of course my dress needed washing before Mum saw it and asked awkward questions about paint in the inside of it. But for now I just left it on the bathroom floor while I enjoyed a long hot shower.
The door to the camera club was unlocked, but bore a notice declaring 'Wednesday Private Session - Invitation Only.' I was excited as I opened the door and went through, the surroundings familiar and recalling the heart swelling arousal of the my last visit. I could feel my pulse thumping, and took Sarah's hand, hoping she would catch some of my sense of anticipation and expectation.
Geoff met us in the large club room that was softly lit for the most part, but with the stage area surrounded by as yet dark umbrella lights. His grin was wide and eyes sparkling as they took in our long coats and high heels, and we dropped our capacious shoulder bags to the floor and went forward to greet him.
"Sarah, my dear," he said softly and took her hands in his, kissing her cheek while looking straight into my eyes. I watched his left hand leave hers and move to the small of her back and slip down to her bum over her coat. I was surprised at how forward he was, but even more surprised that Sarah allowed it. Then he let go of her and reached for my hands, his warm thumbs softly caressing the back of my own hands, his kiss on my cheek gentle but lingering, his breath warm against my face.
"Andrea," he breathed, and I felt him stroke my own bum through my coat.
I felt a little flushed at his greeting and glancing at my fair cousin could tell that she was affected too. This was promising to be an exceptional evening.
Gesturing to a couple of cushioned chairs and small table to the left of the stage area Geoff suggested, "Why don't you sort yourselves out and get comfy; the guys will be here fairly soon. I should tell you there's been a lot of excitement about this session, and when I said the numbers were limited guys kept offering more money to be a part of it. Which means your fee is higher than we discussed, but also the expectations are high!"
"And so they should be!" quipped Sarah, "They're getting a closed session with a beautiful teen model with few inhibitions! Just make sure they behave!" My heart fluttered at the 'few inhibitions' wondering what Sarah had planned.
Geoff just smiled. "Don't worry, Sarah honey, they all know you're in charge. In fact they rather like it."
The room was nice and warm, and I took my coat off, draping it on the back of one of the chairs, then sat to adjust my stockings. I'd gone for dark, seamed hold-ups with black patent three inch stiletto heels which set off my slender shapely legs quite nicely, and contrasted with the pale skin tone of my soft thighs. The black cotton micro-skirt just covered my bum cheeks when standing, which was just as well since the black lacy thong did not. My black sheer full sleeved button front collared blouse was left un-tucked, the black lacy bra showing through and matching the unseen thong. My hair was in a ponytail, and I had black stud earrings and a matching black stone pendant dangling between my breasts, drawing the eye to my cleavage.
"Wow! You make me feel scruffy!" remarked Geoff, indicating his own jeans and blue t-shirt.
"You should see Sarah!" I quipped, grinning up at him.
Both our eyes swivelled to her, and responding she undid her coat, letting it fall to the floor. Glancing over I saw Geoff's jaw drop. He'd never seen Sarah like this.
She was in a PVC outfit: Black shiny basque trimmed in red piping with red laces at the sides and back showing pale skin, a tiny black shiny skirt, black shiny stockings from mid-thigh to black shiny heels. She also had detached sleeves to just above the elbow in black shiny pvc laced in red from the wrist up, with a loop over her middle finger. From her bag she retrieved a black riding crop with red trim.
"Whoa!" was all he said.
Sarah then took from her bag a black one inch wide collar with a row of chrome studs and rings, and she put it on me with the chrome buckle behind my neck.
"I think we're ready," she announced, which was good timing because the door opened and a group of three guys of about thirty walked in each laden with camera bags and in the usual attire of jeans and t shirts. The just stopped when they saw us, then grinned, then went over to the easy chairs to set down their gear, continually glancing back at us.
And that's how it continued until Geoff said everyone had arrived and it was time to start.
He'd set out refreshments on a table at the back; red wine, juices, coffee and tea and a big thermos of water, but nothing edible that might get the cameras dirty or leave crumbs on the subject.
"Okay folks, lets get on with it," announced Geoff loudly, "Girls, if you please?" gesturing to the stage and flipping a switch to turn on the bright lights. "Now remember guys, the girls get copies of every picture; no obscuring each other, no touching the model, and Sarah, that's the blonde, she's in charge of what happens. Be polite, be professional, and I'm sure everyone will get his money's worth. Any questions or requests direct them to me or Sarah, but otherwise, let the Games begin!"
"Geoff, can we have one of those plain, kitchen type wooden chairs on the stage?" He nodded to one of the guys who did as Sarah asked, and she then ordered me to get up there.
We started the shoot with me facing the room but sitting on the reversed chair, my arms folded across the top of the chair back, stockinged legs spread either side, chin cupped in my hands. The small cotton skirt naturally covered between my legs, an area partly obscured by the vertical slats of the chair back, but it seemed to be a sexy enough pose to get the guys excited, which of course excited me. Looking briefly at my cousin I could tell that she was into it too.
"Hands on the chair back and lean backwards," Sarah instructed, and as I obeyed I knew that the black studded collar would be very noticeable.
"Stand up!"
Her tone was delicious, and the way she barked the order had a few guys glancing over at her, obviously liking what was happening. I obeyed quickly, that lovely feeling building in my belly, my hands still on the chair back.
"Right foot on the chair seat!" Up went my foot.
"Move the chair to your right!" I did, dragging it while keeping my right foot on the seat and right hand on the chair back. My left hand went up into my hair.
"Lean over onto your right knee!" This raised the back of my skirt exposing my bum cheeks, bare in the thong. The guys changed position to get some good pictures from behind and below. I loved it.
"Put the chair behind you, turn towards it and drape yourself over its back!" Keeping my feet outside the chair legs with seat pointing away from me I bent forward so my skirt rode up even more, my bare bum now totally exposed, the cheeks separated by the black lace of my thong. The sounds of camera shutters got even faster than before.
"Turn the chair round, sit on it, and undo your blouse!" I sat with my knees wide apart and slowly, deliberately undid each button from the top all the way down, then slipped the sheer black blouse off and draped it over the chair back. The guys were capturing every move. It was sexy sitting there in my black lace bra and tiny skirt, thong, stockings and heels, but I wanted more, or I should say, less. So did the photographers. Sarah knew it.
"Hm, bra or skirt?" wondered Sarah aloud. "Bra, I think, we need to see your tits, girl. Get them out for everyone!"
Oh how I loved my cousin! Obeying slowly, letting the photographers capture my movements, I reached behind, unhooked, and let the bra fall forwards off my arms before cupping my 34c's tipped with their puckered pointy nipples and light pink one-inch surrounds. The cameras were going like crazy!
"Ok folks, break for refreshments and to load your photos to your laptops," Geoff announced, camera in hand, as he continued to capture the wider scene of both photographers and model.
I got off the stage and joined the guys at the refreshment table, still topless and enjoying it, chatting with the photographers who spent as much time looking at my boobs as my eyes. It was lovely. I got Sarah and me a drink each and joined her.
"You're having fun, huh?" she asked, eyes dancing.
"Oh yeah!"
"How far can I go?"
"Far as you like, enjoy yourself, I trust you," I replied, looking in those beautiful eyes, the pretty face framed in soft golden hair.
"Back to work, people!" prompted Geoff.
Sarah took from her bag a black pvc mask and fitted it over her face, covering from mid forehead to just above her nostrils, but with her pretty eyes looking out, and I returned to the chair and the lights.
Sarah joined me.
There were gasps of surprise and delight. And lots of camera clicking.
"On your knees, slut!"
I knelt in front of her, heart racing.
"Make like a puppy, begging!"
My paws went up in front of me and I draped my tongue out like I was panting.
Sarah lifted my chin with the tip of her riding crop.
"Stand up, place your hands on the chair seat, legs straight!"
I turned away from the guys to face the chair and bent over, my feet wide apart, and felt Sarah use the crop to lift the skirt up, before caressing my bum cheeks with it, and moving it slowly, suggestively over my hot mound. I just knew that she was making sure the guys got a good view.
The crop was teasing my covered pussy lips, and my breathing became soft gasps.
She slipped the crop inside the back of my lace thong, and started working the tiny garment down until she had enough slack to pull it aside and bare my hot puffy lips. The air was cool on my damp folds, despite the hot lights. The crop explored between my lips, parting them, and I could sense the guys getting closer to catch every detail. It felt wonderful.
The crop withdrew.
"Stand up ... face me ... take off your thong ... kneel ... drape your thong on the riding crop!"
I obeyed, hanging the damp scrap over the crop which she held out horizontally from her belly, both of us sideways on to the room, my left side towards the guys.
"Stand up, face the room, hands on head, feet apart!"
As soon as I was in position Sarah rubbed the top of the crop over my belly and up to my breasts, flicking my nipples, then down again to lift the front of my skirt, showing everyone my neatly trimmed dark pubic bush and clean shaved swollen labia.
"Drop the skirt!"
Sarah left the stage area while I undid the skirt and let it fall to the floor, now basically naked apart from the collar, stockings and heels.
"Good slut!" she said as she returned clutching something.
"Hands on head!"
While I obeyed I felt her attach a clamp to my right nipple and tighten it enough to be exquisite, then do the same on the left. Looking down I saw they were silver chrome, joined by a light silver chain. It made me smile.
"Bend over the chair again, facing away, slut!"
She went off again and came back immediately, and bent over as I was I felt a cold wet finger insert itself in my bum hole. It pushed in and out a few times, then a bigger insertion replaced it. Between my legs I saw a tail. A black tail butt plug!
Sarah moved it to one side so the photographers could get a clear view of my aroused pussy from behind, which Sarah again teased with the riding crop, pressing between the puffy wet lips and rubbing up and down.
"Sit on the chair, legs wide!"
I quickly changed position while she attached a red leather leash to a ring on my collar.
"You may masturbate, slut, in front of all these men!"
So help me I couldn't start soon enough.
Holding my outer lips apart from above with two fingers of my left hand, I rubbed circles with my right from the side, making sure not to obscure the guys' view. I felt so aroused and horny I wanted to orgasm right there and then in front of everyone.
"If any guys wanna get their dick out, maybe jerk off, form a line," suggested Sarah.
I didn't think any one would, but after looking at Geoff to see if it was ok a few guys lined up the other side of the lights. Some of them tied handkerchiefs over their noses to hide their identity and there were still plenty of photographers continuing to capture the developing scene, and I noticed that Geoff was covering both us and the club members with his own camera. His would undoubtedly be the most interesting and exciting shots.
While the line was forming most of the photographers used the temporary break to again empty their pictures to their computers, but soon Sarah was getting her volunteers organised.
While I still sat in the chair, legs apart, facing the room, she had the guys line up behind me and to my left with her standing on my right, using the riding crop like a conductors baton to control the proceedings. All the men around me now had their dicks out, and I noticed the change in smell. It wasn't unpleasant, which I'd expected, but kind of earthy and raw, and very sexy. I looked at the three penises to my left, all of them uncut and about five or six inches long, inch or inch and a half wide, but suddenly looking most attractive while their owners stroked them. Still running little circles round my clitoris with my right fingers, I reached out with my left hand to feel the nearest cock. It was warm, almost hot, hard yet soft to the touch, and so alive. I glanced up at Sarah who just nodded, encouraging me to play.
I could tell that the men behind me were also playing with their dicks, and every so often felt what must have been penises plopping on top of my head. Just as I looked back at the cock in my left hand the man to his right suddenly grunted and gasped, pushing his hips towards me. While I turned to look a little spurt of thick white fluid spat out of the hole in his fat cock head, followed by a huge string that flew in slow motion to hit my left cheek with a hot wet splat.
Instinctively I jerked back and heard Sarah cry out, "No! Hold her head still!"
Hands from behind gripped the sides of my head as the cummer spewed rope after rope of heavy thick cum over my left cheek and nose and lips, the new smell filling my nostrils, almost intoxicating. My insides spasmed and I enjoyed the rush of my own small rippling orgasm.
It must have set the others off because the owner of the cock in my hand took control, covering my hand in his, and erupted his own contribution of sperm onto my nose and lips, wetter and spashier but just as hot against my face.
"Open your mouth, slut!" commanded my cousin, the crop under my chin.
As soon as I obeyed the ejaculator rested his tip on my lower teeth and emptied what was left in his balls right onto my tongue.
The third man on my left moved in and dripped a long stream of sperm onto my lips, and the men behind me tilted my head back so he could fill my open mouth. He must have had very large balls because he seemed to keep going for ages, the combined semen overflowing out the right corner of my mouth to drip onto my naked tits.
"Do you spit or swallow?" asked a deep voice behind me, and I closed my mouth to swallow the textured load, feeling it slide down my throat maybe like raw egg. It was nicer than I imagined. I realised that all the while Sarah had been muttering, "fuck, fuck, fuck," over and over.
The hands let go of my head and I felt splashes on my hair that could only mean the guys behind me were jerking themselves again and cumming on me. Little streams of it ran down my forehead to eventually drip off my chin or cheeks to my tits and tummy.
When they had all emptied themselves Sarah moved in front of me and gently kissed my soiled lips, slowly, lingering, sensuous.
The place reeked of sex.
"Very nice, girls, great show!" said Geoff to much agreement. "Time to clean up."
Sarah and I went to our table and used a towel, though there wasn't much I could do about the sperm drying in my hair, and the nipple clamps came off. The photographers packed their kit away, laughing and joking and calling out nice things to us, and soon it was just Geoff, Sarah and me.
"That was great, even better than I expected, to be honest. Here's your fee. A few of the guys chipped in extra as a tip, so you've done really well out of this. You both deserve it."
Sarah took the envelope and while she looked at our earnings his left hand once more went to the small of her back, quickly descending to rest on her bum again, over her pvc skirt. Sarah just carried on ruffling through the money and Geoff reached out his right hand to casually cup my left breast. Following Sarah's lead I pretended to ignore it, even when his thumb started flicking my nipple, making my insides do nice things again.
"You know, Sarah, we could do a great shoot of you in this lovely get-up you have on ...?" Geoff half asked, half suggested while his left hand slipped under her skirt to stroke her bum through just the pvc briefs, his right hand openly pinching and gently twisting my engorged and slightly sore left nipple.
"Oh, I don't know, " she replied and mirrored on my right nipple what Geoff was doing to left. His left was roaming freely across her bum over her briefs. "Do you particularly like this costume?" she asked him, looking him in the eye while both of them were twisting my nipples.
"Yes, I do. I like how you have such a lovely expanse of creamy thigh showing from the leggings to the skirt, " his fingers stroking her bare right thigh, "and I like the contrasting colours, the red and black, and how your beautiful pale skin shows between the lacings, here," his left hand fingers now tracing the lacing from her right hip to the top of the basque. "The red piping on the cups here outline your breasts nicely," tracing the edges around her right boob, "though if it was more sheer we would get a hint of the nipple beneath?" and he pressed and circled where her nipple must be under the pvc.
"That would be too obvious," she replied.
"Whereas," said Geoff as his fingers trailed from her breast to her waist, "the skirt teasingly hides the knickers beneath," and he lifted the front of her skirt, "which cover the treasure between your thighs," his little finger holding the skirt up, his thumb rubbing up and down her mound, "cover the treasure too well for my taste?"
"You like to taste?" Sarah replied, provocatively.
"I'm a connoisseur, " and his right hand left my nipple to dip two fingers between my sodden labia, extracting a sticky gob of fluid which he brought to his tongue, "Andrea is delicious; slightly sweet with a hint of tang."
"Yes, I know," said Sarah, copying and sucking her fingers clean.
"And you, my dear Sarah," here Geoff's right hand gently pulled the top of her pvc knickers away from her belly so that his left hand could slip inside and curve under her body, "are very aroused too, nicely wet, and," he withdrew wet fingers which went to his lips, "mm sweet and full flavoured."
Geoff put his right hand in this time to retrieve more honey which he generously offered to me.
I hungrily slurped up my first taste of my cousin, sighing contentedly through my nose.
Geoff's left hand returned inside Sarah's briefs and it was clear that he was masturbating her.
I reached over to rub his obvious erection, but he stopped me with, "Not until I get to fuck you both," and at that Sarah quivered with an orgasm.
Geoff pulled his hand free and sucked the fingers clean.
Slightly dazed we went to finish getting ready to go and said our thanks. We'd both enjoyed an amazing evening. We were dressed and in coats, packed and ready to go.
"Andrea, if you need to talk to someone about how you're feeling about all of this, being photographed naked and doing pornography, there's a woman in that chat room, user name 'MomOfTeenDau' who might be helpful."
We again said thanks and left, not talking much on the way home. It was quite a big high to come down from.
Once we got home we called out 'hi' to mum who was in the sitting room with the TV on, and headed upstairs. Sarah showered first and changed into pjs. After my shower I slipped on a towel robe and sat at the computer, opening up the chat room, but MomOfTeenDau wasn't on line. Instead we decided to shop on-line for more sexy gear. We did get an email from Geoff saying the pictures had come out really well, and he was setting up an album on line so we could see them and save them.
"Sarah, Princess, I thought you reckoned Geoff was old and gross?"
Sarah just laughed, and bought some more toys on the internet.
We got to the venue in plenty of time on Friday and gave our names at the Club Reception; there were tickets set aside for us.
"Ah, you're with the Hen Party!" remarked the pretty red haired girl. "we really are sold out tonight. I hear the Main Act is really good, he's very popular and has been offered his own TV series. I think you'll have a fun evening." And then she was giving her attention to the next people behind us.
"What's this about a Hen Do?" I asked Sarah, since she and Geoff had arranged everything.
"I don't know, Geoff just said that Alice had some friends coming and we could join them, maybe that's it?" She seemed as bewildered as I was.
We made our way over to the doors that lead into the auditorium. It seemed more like a theatre than a club, but once past the guys checking tickets we saw that instead of theatre seats in rows, there were lots of tables of various sizes set with white linen and red velvet cushioned chairs around, like a restaurant but arranged to focus on the stage which at the moment was obscured by a heavy red velvet curtain. It felt very posh and I was glad that we'd dressed up.
Sarah looked gorgeous with her golden hair pinned up, a black silk buttoned long sleeve blouse open to just above her bra and short black leather skirt, dark stockings and patent leather black heels, a gold pendant in the middle of her chest and gold drop earrings. I'd opted for a pink silk choker and pink knitted dress, rather like a sweater that came to mid thigh, clingy and showing off my body shape rather well, and the scarlet silk bra and thong set could be made out through it, picking up the colour of my heels. I felt smart but sexy, teasing but classy. Like Sarah I had spent some of our most recent earnings the day before on clothes and jewellery, in my case ruby and gold ear studs.
"Ah, the two sexiest girls in the whole club!" That was Geoff who was suddenly standing between us, kissing Sarah's cheek to his left, and then mine to his right. I felt his hand softly explore my bum and had no doubt he was doing the same with my cousin.
"I'm working tonight," and he gestured to the camera hanging from his shoulder, "so Alice will look after you. She's got that table of eight second row from the stage," and looking where he nodded I could see her with a group of women in short black dresses apart from one in white with a silver tiara on her dark hair. I guessed she must be the bride.
With a smack on the bum to send us in the right direction we went over join them, and Alice greeted us warmly before making introductions of first names. Their ages ranged from one around mine and Sarah's age to thirties, so mostly mid twenties. They had already started drinking and were in good spirits. I expected to have a fun evening.
Since we weren't actually in the hen party Sarah and I were at the end of the table, on the left as we faced the stage, and waiters brought bottles of red and white wine with glasses to the tables shortly before the curtain went up. That's when I realised it was going to a cabaret kind of show and sat back to enjoy it, holding Sarah's left hand in my right and sipping red wine. What a lovely treat this was.
A middle aged comedian came on stage to polite applause and started telling some very naughty jokes which had the girls of the hen party in stitches; they were even doing a bit of heckling. The house lights had gone down but looking round I could see that it was a grown-ups only evening which was fine with me. I'd been feeling very 'adult' recently. Geoff was busy getting shots of the comedian from the floor and also the audience reaction.
The act finished with a flourish and extremely rude joke that sent him off stage with much louder applause than when he'd come on, and he got three curtain calls.
Next were some dancing girls in minimal costumes who were fun and lively and very pretty to watch, and they too got a great reception and an encore. It was a great evening's entertainment. Then the Main Act was announced, 'Mesmerising Mike', a hypnotist.
Oh, what a shame. It had been building so nicely but I couldn't help feel disappointed, and scoffed a bit too loud that hypnosis was a load of rubbish, just when there was a quiet lull. Oops.
On came Mike making his not very believable claims that, "what you are about to see tonight is real hypnosis, not faked, and the volunteers from the audience have to be prepared to accept the consequences. I can't make anyone do anything against their will but I can suggest an alternative reality that with the right subjects will be totally convincing to them ... so with that warning, do I have some volunteers? To the stage, please!"
There was a kind of interval while he sorted out his accomplices who'd obviously been planted in the audience, then the lights dimmed again and he began.
I had to admit it was actually very entertaining. He had a older woman who thought she was a cat and could only meow, a guy who thought everyone else's hands were really dirty and wouldn't shake hands with anyone, another guy who thought all the other volunteers were talking trees, another sitting in a chair thinking he's driving his car and all the others are driving really badly. It was fun but obviously just good acting and improvising. I wasn't the only sceptical one; the bride went off to the toilets, plonking her tiara on my head since I was at the end of the table.
"That's the end of Part One, folks. After the break we'll have just one volunteer and try to help them overcome their inhibitions, so ...?"
The lights went down, and soon a spotlight was sweeping the floor while dramatic music rang out, and in a booming voice Mike announced from the stage, "Who will be our volunteer, the Star of the Show?"
Everyone was following the Spot and I gasped as it swept over me and a cheer went up. Apparently it really caught the tiara I was still wearing. The beam moved on but a chant was growing around me .. "Bride! Bride! Bride!" They obviously mistook me for her. The Spot returned and fixed me in its unwavering stare.
"Will the beautiful bride come on up?" boomed Mike looking at me from centre stage.
I smiled and shook my head, but Sarah kept shoving me and the cries of "Bride! Bride!" got louder.
Reluctantly I stood up and heard the cheers, and felt that familiar rush inside at being the centre of attention. Grinning I went towards the stage and an usher guided me to the steps. Before I really thought about what I was doing I was up there next to Mike, bright lights in my eyes, and a microphone pointing at me. My tummy was doing somersaults but I felt a rising excitement.
"Thank you, thank you! And what's your name, beautiful?"
Mike had nice brown eyes, I noticed. "Andrea."
"Welcome Andrea, and thanks for being a sport." He put his left arm round my shoulders and hugged me to him as he addressed the audience.
"I'm going spend a few minutes finding if young Andrea here ... you are over eighteen aren't you?" he asked me and I just nodded, not wanting to be boring by saying I was eighteen, not over eighteen. "Finding if young Andrea here is suitable for being hypnotised .. "
"You won't be able to hypnotise me," I told him, wanting to spare both of us an embarrassing failure.
"Let me be the judge of that," he smiled back at me. "Its very warm here, under the lights, isn't it?"
"Yes, very," I replied, looking into those lovely brown eyes.
"Yes, Andrea, its very warm, you're feeling warm and relaxed, quite relaxed. Feel the warm glow of the stage lights, how relaxed they make you feel, listening to my voice, feeling relaxed under the warmth of the lights, very relaxed, getting sleepy ..."
It was all rather boring and I tuned out fairly quickly.
The next thing I remember is "Wide awake!" and suddenly raising my head. I'd been asleep standing up.
"Sorry, I think I drifted off, its so warm and relaxing up here!"
It seems that after the break the lights had again dimmed and the stage lit up with me asleep on my feet, and Mike had introduced me again before saying,
"When I wake you Andrea, you will believe everything I tell you and will want to please, to gain my approval; you are desperate for my approval. Anything I say after the word 'silence' you won't be able to hear until I use the word 'hearing' .... so ... Wide awake!"
My head came up and I blinked as if waking.
"So Andrea my dear, you've been telling me quite a bit about your hopes for the future, and you also said there were some things you'd really like to do but haven't told anyone, maybe because you're too embarrassed?"
I looked at him a little horrified and blushed.
"Yes," continued Mike, "Those things. Silence!" Then to the audience apparently he added, "Ok folks lets see what kind of stuff this sweet young thing would like to do ... Hearing!"
... singing audition
Mike continued, "OK, since its just you and me up here, why don't you tell me something you've always wanted to do, but never admitted to anyone, maybe a secret fantasy?" and with that Mike winked very obviously to the audience.
"Weeeell," I started, drawing out the word, "there is something from a couple of years ago?"
"Good girl, now's a great time to let it out, get it off your chest," and Mike's eyes slid down to my scarlet bra showing so clearly through the knitted pink short clingy sweater-dress. "Go on."
"OK, well I was on holiday and at the next hotel along they were having a Talent Show, like 'Hotel's got Talent', you know? So anyway I was gonna go in for it, singing a song? It was cool cos there weren't exactly auditions, you just had to fill in a form and the audition and performance thing were one chance on stage in the evening fairly late. I think they had a panel of judges with buzzers but I reckoned a lot hung on the audience. Anyway, I chickened out, partly cos I didn't have a backing track to sing to, but I expect they could have sorted something if I really wanted. Anyway that night I couldn't help thinking how I might have gone ...?"
I looked up at Mike, and it was obvious to everyone that I wanted his approval to keep going.
"That's very interesting, Andrea, I'm glad your getting this off your chest. And I'm sure you're right, it might have er, very well hung, on the audience, " and Mike grinned to his audience who were totally with him, enjoying the innuendo. "You want to tell me how far do you go in your fantasy? "
"Um, sure, so er, I sign up to sing 'Purple Rain', cos it was popular again, and when its my turn I go up on stage, and the music starts, and I move a little, and start singing, but even in my imagination I know I don't really sing very well, ha ha," looking to Mike for understanding.
"Hm, I see, er how did the audience take it? Did they swallow it? Its good for you to get this off your chest, let it all out," and again Mike glanced at my bra and then theatrically to his own audience.
"Oh not that well, ha ha, I'm really not a singer," I explained, but it was like I was making it up as I talked, trying to please, following Mike's hints, "so to kinda win them back over I concentrated more on dancing, which seemed to improve things?"
"Go on, you should go all the way,"
"Well someone in the audience shouts 'get em off!' and like everyone kinda laughs and more people shout it out?" looking to see how Mike took this, would he approve? He nodded in wise understanding.
"Really? Hm, I can see that going down well, getting lots of approval," and Mike grinned again to his audience, and someone whistled. "And you'd like to uncover your talents? Would you like to show your assets to the audience?" Mike grinning again.
I smiled and nodded, relieved that Mike approved.
"And you've never acted out this fantasy, this desire? ...Yet?"
"Well no, course not! ... not yet?"
"OK , good girl for telling me, its important to release the tension in you which is building to a climax," Mike shared the joke with his audience, "we don't have 'Purple Rain' but we do have my intro music ... so ... SLEEP! When I wake you, the backing track to your song is halfway through, you've stopped singing and are dancing, exactly like in the fantasy you just told. It's important to you to win over the audience and me the deciding judge, you are desperate for our approval. "Silence!" and to the audience, "Ok so if you wanna play along with this, see where it goes, don't give her any encouragement unless she starts to show a little flesh, ok?" then to his crew off-stage, "Start my music and keep it going till I say stop."
Mike's own intro music began, and he said, "Hearing! .... Wide awake!"
And there I was, on stage in front of what seemed a big audience though with the lights shining into my eyes it was difficult to see clearly. My music was still playing but I knew my singing hadn't impressed, not that it was a surprise. I didn't have long before the track ran out so I put a little extra into my dancing. Where before I'd just been swaying to the music as I sang, I now put more energy into my moves, using my hips and shoulders and even my hair. Pulling it out of the ponytail and letting my dark locks hang loose I gave it a shake and got a little clap and hoot, which made me look out over the audience and brought a smile to my face. Maybe all was not lost?
Glancing over to the Head Judge I saw he was still watching me, and I thought he maybe gave me a little nod of encouragement? It was what I needed, and with what I took as his permission I moved a bit more raunchily, running my hands up my sides, over my hips and thighs, but didn't get another audience response until I turned my back and wiggled my bum, watching them over my shoulder. That got another little clap and cheer. But the Head Judge was yawning and looking away.
Shit!
The words, 'get it off your chest' kept running through my head, though I didn't know why, but it gave me an idea, and spinning to face the audience again I made a big show of sliding off the left shoulder strap of my pink knitted dress down to my elbow, exposing the scarlet bra strap. That got a little hoot, and the Head Judge was watching again. Someone shouted "KEEP GOING!" which got more applause than I'd yet received, and again I seemed to get another little nod from the Judge.
Sliding my dress off my right shoulder I got a definite cheer, two voices maybe, and rotating my hips in a big circle I tugged the dress to my waist, showing off the thin silk scarlet bra.
That got an even better reaction, and glancing over I saw that the Judge was watching and nodding though with a serious look on his face. Clearly I still had a way to go.
It was obvious what my next move should be, but I decided to try to get the audience to play along with me.
Hooking my thumbs into the dress I started to slide it down my hips but stopped after a moment, still rotating my hips, and cupped my right hand to my ear, looking questioningly at my audience.
Should I or shouldn't I? I was asking them, and got a lovely chant of "Off! Off! Off!"
I made a show of looking over to the Judge for his decision, and got a mildly bored nod.
Hm, ok, maybe this wasn't going to be enough, but with dramatic gestures I slipped the dress down my thighs to the floor and stepped out of it, kicking it to one side.
The Judge might not have been impressed but the audience liked it, and I got big cheers and hoots, which I rewarded by spinning slowly on the spot, wiggling my almost naked bum, bared in the scarlet thong, even bending forward a bit, then turning to face them again.
I figured that would do it as a finale.
But the music kept playing. The Judge was motioning to the Sound Guy to keep it playing, then he looked at me and gestured to the stage for me to keep going.
The audience saw this and clapped.
Ok.
Well now it was like a bikini contest.
From what Sarah told me afterwards, it seemed at this point that everyone thought Mike expected me to do a bit of sexy dancing in my underwear before finishing the Act, since he was saying something to his crew off stage and then gathering his microphone and getting ready to take over again.
It didn't quite go like that.
I was in 'Bikini Contest Fantasy' mode and I had an enthusiastic audience in front of me who had approved of me stripping out of my dress to minimal underwear, their chants of 'Off! Off! Off!' still reverberating through my mind, a delicious, intoxicating chant, pure sweet music.
With a dramatic sweep of my arms I brought my hands to the front clasp of the bra, and with a flourish undid it, whipping it off and throwing it behind me.
There were shocked gasps, but I heard 'approval', and with hardly a moment's break hooked my thumbs in the thong and pushed it down, stepping out and flicking it behind me with a kick.
I stood on stage, naked, full frontal nude, before a packed audience, and did my 'ta-da' pose, left knee bent, feet apart, arms wide.
The sudden noise was deafening and I knew I'd won, and turned my head to grin at the rapidly approaching Judge.
"Well done! Well done, Andrea, you are tonight's winner!" he declared, draping an arm round my bare shoulder, before being handed my dress by a stage hand. Mike let me take a bow, then called, "Sleep!" sharing his success with the audience.
"You will put your dress back on but think that you're still wearing underwear, and all this will be like a fantasy you imagined. Put on your dress, Andrea."
I slipped the pink sweater dress over my head and pulled it into place.
"Awake! Well done Andrea, you were fantastic as a volunteer," he congratulated me.
Leaning into the microphone I replied, "But we haven't done anything yet? Just talked? I told you I can't be hypnotised!"
"Well, never mind. As a hypnotist I can't win them all, but at least you played along!"
And to far more applause than I thought I deserved for just being interviewed, I was escorted off stage and back to my seat, where the other girls patted my arm and said well done and smiled like I'd livened the whole party.
On Saturday morning Sarah and I were settling in for a relaxed lazy start when she got a message from her older brother.
"Shit, Andi, I have to go home. James is gonna drive over to pick me up. Shit we don't have much time. Help me pack huh?"
"Course, no worries. You better shower while I get your clothes together." James was Sarah's middle brother, 21. Her youngest brother Michael was her twin, and the oldest Peter at 25, lived away from their home with his girlfriend.
As Sarah disappeared to the bathroom in her pjs, carrying the jeans, blouse and undies she'd set out the night before, I put the rest of her stuff neatly on the bed ready to pack away. I reckoned that way she could see what was there and know if we'd forgotten anything.
I popped downstairs to Mum in just my dressing gown and asked if I could go stay with Sarah for a few days, if it was ok with Auntie.
Getting the permission I hoped for I rushed back upstairs, threw the minimum of stuff in my own bag, and waited impatiently for Sarah to let me have my turn in the shower.
We did a quick swap over and just made it downstairs in time for James to arrive. Sarah had phoned her Mum and yes, of course I could stay if James didn't mind driving me home in a few days. He didn't mind.
As we drove away it occurred to me that in our hurry, we may not have closed down my room thoroughly...
*******