Stepping out of the recreation center and seeing the parking lot empty, Jr. waited for his mom. Stopping her with a light touch to her arm, he looked down at her and said quietly, 'Mom, undo the zippers on your shorts."
Annie, scanned the parking lot, then over her shoulders looking to see if anyone was around. "No one is here mom and even if they were, I want you to do it.' Jr. stressed. Annie reluctantly, but without hesitation, pulled the short zippers down and the front of her shorts fell away to reveal the damp white panel of her thong. Although no one saw her, walking exposed like this, was exhilarating to Annie. The shorts were so tight they stayed up, although the back began to slip down as she neared the truck. She had not come down off her high of servicing Randy and she hoped that this was the start of more stimulation and maybe some needed relief for herself.
"May I drive mom." Jr. asked but in doing so it gave him pause for concern. On one hand he had just watched his mother give Randy a blow job, and now he was telling her to show herself off. I guess a son is always a son he reflected, needing his mother's permission for some things, while giving permission at other times. It's part of growing I guess.
Arriving at the truck, Randy help her step up and in to passenger compartment. He watched the seat of her shorts slip down to completely reveal the thong running down the furrow of her bum and her soft round ass. As she swung her one leg in, he stepped between her splayed legs so he could see her thong wedged into her vagina. Bending slightly forward he enjoyed the odor of her arousal. Stepping back he ran his hand over her naked ass and helped her lift her other leg in and slammed the door closed. Climbing into the bed of the truck he secured his bag, then jumped over the side, then climbed up and in behind the steering wheel.
Although the truck had been in the shade it was warm inside the cab and the vinyl seat was hot on Annie's naked thighs. She wedged herself between the seat back by putting her feet on the dash, so as not to burn herself. 'Jr. can you please get the AC going so we can cool the cab down and make it comfortable.' she asked.
"I have already on it, but sit on this cotton blanket in the meantime." Jr. said solicitously. "Do up your seatbelt so we can get going.' Jr. sang out, "Let's hit the road!', then took off with a start.
Easing herself down, she found the temperature and feel of the blanket to her liking, she stretched her legs out and kicked off her shoes. Sitting in her thong, with the red shorts open and bunched under her, was attracting Jr.'s attention. "Mom, just take off your shorts, they look like a red belt that has slipped down and way up here no one can see you. Besides, they are so tight they must be cutting off the circulation to your legs. Go ahead, do it now." Jr. insisted. Annie raised her pelvis, wiggled her hips and pushed the shorts down her legs. Slipping them over her feet, she shook them out, folded them and put them in the glove box. 'That does feel better, thank you Jr." she sighed.
In the glove box clutter she saw some wet wipes. Taking out a couple she showed them to Jr. Should I clean up, her eyes asked. Jr. nodded. Opening the package filled the cab with the scent of lemon. She wiped around her mouth and down her neck. Untying her blouse she opened the front to see her breasts covered in dried cum. She had pretty well coated her entire chest. She took a new towelette and began to clean off the gift from Randy.
He should have been watching the traffic but Randy was enthralled by his mother's actions. His eyes darting from the windscreen to her actions, resulted in some erratic driving. He almost rammed the car in front when Annie popped the clasp on the front of the bra. Her tits tied to spring apart, away and down but were being held captive by the elastic rings around her nipples. Like a chain to nipple clamps they held her breasts up but let them jiggle with every bump they hit. It was quite a sight. She wiped the towel over the gash of naked flesh from her neck all the way down to her thong. Pressing the damp cloth onto her thong turned it transparent, allowing the soft pink lips to be visible. She drew the cloth up and paid special attention to cleaning her nipples.
"Now that you have finished, slide over closer to me mom, so you can get some more AC. I've got a new idea" Jr. said while he reached back to ease the blouse off her shoulders. As she slid to her left, to the middle of the bench seat, the blouse came off and fell to her right, the outside. Jr. put his arm out and touched her neck. Annie shivered. He opened his palm and slid it down the front of her body, between the breasts being held in check by the red bra then on down to the thong encasing her swelling labia. Slowly, he did it again and again. The cool air from the AC vents directed at her made her nipples hard which contrasted with the heat she was feeling from Jr.'s hands.
Grabbing the large ivory knob, he made the shift into fourth gear as they entered the highway. They were out of the city and really on the road. The Hurst floor shifter that Jr. had put in the truck was Sr.'s idea, a salute to his younger days as a rowdy young man. With his right hand, he drew his mom's left leg closer to his. It bumped into and then was dragged over the gear shift knob. Pulling her still closer, her leg was touching his, then on top of his. "That's it mom, closer, straddle the knob, pretend you're riding it." Jr. directed as he moved his arm away from her leg so that he could put it behind her neck to slowly push her body down.
Annie slid down to the front the seat and rested her pussy against the vibrating knob. It felt so good, after days of no release, it was what she needed. With the motor turning over at 2,500 rpm, every vibration and bump from the road was like an arrow to her core. It wasn't enough. Raising her hips up she reached under her bum and then up to catch the top of her thong with her index finger. She pulled the wet thong down and desperately pushed her bare labia against the slick knob. The lips of her cunt parted and tried to accommodate the three inch diameter knob. She loved it so much, she pushed, wiggled and contracted the muscles in her crotch to maximize the sensations. Jr. wet his forefinger and reached out to rest it on her clit. Her clit reared up demanding more. Jr. gently pulsed short little touches on the inflamed bud.
Annie reached up and pulled her nipples. She pulled hard, as hard as she could. She screamed with a giant orgasm. She flooded the blanket with her juices. For a second the wet juices allowed the spongy inner lips of her cunt to flare open and accept the full size of the knob. Impaled on the delicious intruder she pushed down and gripped it harder, shuddered and fell back releasing the dripping knob from its cave.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, was all that Annie could muster. She pulled her legs away and lay on the bench seat. With the back of her head on Jr.'s right thigh she stretched out as best she could. Her left hand dropped lifelessly to the floor while her right hand adjusted her tits to make them more comfortable. Her right leg was bent vertically, leaning against the back of the seat while her left leg was bent horizontally, letting her knee rest against the dash. Splayed wide open on and on display, she quietly caught her breath.
Looking down the length of the languid soft flushed body of his 45 year old mom, Jr. liked what he saw, liked what had happened. He knew that he was in control and that it would be a great weekend. Brushing her forehead, he caressed her temples as she came down from her high. Pulling out around a slower semi trailer, he heard the driver blow his air-horn as he saw the wanton display going by.
Five or ten minutes later, Annie rolled over and felt the length of Jr.'s cock brush against her cheek. "My turn." Jr. soothingly urged. He watched his mom, unbutton his jeans and struggle to open his fly. Once freed, his rock hard cock sprung out and his mother quickly captured the angry red end in her mouth. She loved his cock, always had. She nursed the end but was blocked from going down on him by the steering wheel. She had to content her self with by sucking on just the end of her son's adorable cock as he drove. Gripping his cock head with her lips she nipped at the sensitive tissue. She put the end of her tongue down the split at the end. She tasted his arousal. She slowly nursed it like she would drink through a straw. After about 15 minutes, she tasted serious pre-cum and knew her reward was close. She felt him raise himself off the seat as he tried to shove his turgid cock into her mouth. She drank until he stopped flowing. She swallowed the first half of his load as fast as he could deliver. She saved the last half in her mouth. She reached up and took the softening penis in her hand and held it until it stopped twitching. She pursed her lips and kissed the end of it then rolled on her back to look up at him.
Opening her mouth she looked straight into his eyes as she showed him her cum filling. He watched as she pushed it with her tongue and played with it on her lips. She rolled the ropes and strings into a creamy ball with her talented tongue, then with an open mouth swallowed leisurely. Looking up, Jr. just glimpsed the sign, Clarksville -5 miles. Although her blatant display had caused his cock to twitch back to life, he regretfully declared, "Mom, five miles before we stop. You need to sit up and get ready.'
The couple in the car behind saw a woman's head rise up past the rear window of the truck. They saw her appear to take off her bra, show it to the driver then put on some kind of top. Slowing down, the female driver said to husband. "That was interesting."
"What was?" he replied pretending not to have noticed. A few minutes later the raised pick up truck, with big wheels, turned off the highway toward the outlets in Clarksville.
"Now, she said it was off this exit on the left then an immediate right. There it is!" Jr. exclaimed excitedly, as he pointed at the shop with "Monkeys' printed on its canopy. Pulling up in front, he turned to his mother who, in a manner of minutes, had some how shed her bra and pulled on her thong and sundress, done up a minimum number of buttons and was now fixing her lipstick and makeup. Closing the mirror on the back of the sun visor, she flipped it up and declared herself ready to be seen.
Jr. ran around the truck to help his mother out. Rather than stepping directly out, she turned in her seat and presented to ass to Jr. He reached under the sundress, and starting at her knees, slid his large rough hands up her legs, over the smooth cheeks to firmly take hold of her hips to help her down. Putting her foot out, the back of the dress rode completely up, showing the thin strap of her thong running up the crease in her bum. When she turned around, he noticed the dress, from her nipple line to her crotch, was held together by only six buttons. Many of which seemed to be straining. Guiding her into the store, they both blinked at the darkness which was lit with spotlights to feature the outfits.
A woman's voice called out a welcome from the darkness. Continuing into the store, they saw a well tanned full-figured woman, about 55 years old and shorter than his mother coming toward them. The formal small reading glasses, around her neck on a cord, hung like a pendant hanging between her massive tits. She was wearing exactly what Jr. had brought his mother to buy. The sales clerk looked at the ring on Annie's finger and the youthfulness of her companion and quickly guessed what was going on. "Can I help you, I'm Margie the owner?' she inquired as she waved her hands indicating this was all hers. "Monkey business is what I am all about" she giggled.
'A friend of mine at college had some of your clothes and my dad and I wanted my mother to buy some thing like she had to update her wardrobe. She usually wears something like she has on now.' said Jr. as he pulled away the front panel of Annie's skirt, raising the hem and showing off her legs. The owner took the other side of the sun dress and pulled it away to get the full effect.
"Yes, I see what you mean, that is a very nice look. What about the top? she asked. 'Mom, show her what dad and I like about this top." instructed Jr. Sensing what he wanted her to do she bent forward allowing the unbuttoned low cut bodice to fall open and her breasts to spill forward. Stepping forward the owner, pulled the bodice away, letting Annie's heaving tits hang free. "Fabulous, but the dress is so limiting. It's either open or its not. There are so many other tantalizing options, that's why I design and sell only my own creations." Maggie stated unequivocally.
"Take the outfit I have on, for instance." as she stepped back to show off. "The yellow is a new spring color. Besides being so comfortable, this ribbed jersey top can be rearranged many ways almost instantaneously for a different look. Pulling the bottom hem of the top down over her protruding stomach it blended with the exact same one around her waist to look like a short cocktail dress. Smoothing the top down, she deftly moved it so the top half of her huge areolas were uncovered. Annie stood and looked on in wonder. Jr. was spell bound. Pulling up the bottom hem back over her stomach she folded it up over the top so that it formed what could only be described as a horizontal bra strap, a la Jean Paul Gauthier' across her chest. It hid only her nipples but left the weight and fullness of her sagging breasts fully visible. As she bent over, the jersey material strained to retain the coverage. It must have been good elastic, thought Jr. since it held the weight. Maggie grabbed the hem of the skirt bottom, pulling it up to her waist she created a micro mini which exposed the garter belt holding up her stockings. Then peeling the top of the now double thickness skirt down, she settled it partway down her neatly trimmed landing strip. The result was an eight inch band of color under the belly. Doing a pirouette Annie and Jr. could see the top of the crack in her ass and twenty inches of naked flesh from her breasts to her groin. 'Voila, different looks and different combinations for any occasion!"
"I think you'll love wearing it mom. I know dad and I will love to see you in it. We want you to buy it. Do you like the fabric, mom?' asked Jr. as he motioned for his mom to feel the texture. Reaching out she fingered the fabric spanning the gap between the owner's breasts. Pulling it toward her to get a better feel, the gap widened and owner's breasts fell free. Startled, Annie let go and heard the material snap back against Maggie's skin.
"Oooohhhh, I like that, please do it again." coaxed Maggie as she looked at Jr.
"You heard her mom, do it again." Jr. echoed. Annie took the top in the same place, pulled it further away while the store owner held her ground. Annie let it go. WHAP, the sound of the elastic hitting her broad chest rang through the store. "Again, harder" commanded Jr. Annie, grabbed the fabric and pulled it back like the string of a bow. Angling it down she aimed directly at Maggie's nipples, she let it go for a direct hit.
'EEEEEiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii' came a cry of pleasure from the shorter woman. Quickly pulling the elastic strap down, Maggie hefted her huge tits and began pushing her nipples up into Annie's. She then leaned in and up and began kissing Annie on neck below her ear. Jr. stepped in behind Maggie, reached down to find the bottom of her belt like micro mini around her waist. The garter belt was all that was under the dress, no panties. His large hands were dwarfed by the size of her ass, but he pawed and grabbed handfuls of flesh as best as he could. Maggie had moved down on to tonguing Annie's nipples as she tugged at the buttons on her sundress. The dress fell open and Maggie continued kissing and licking downward. In doing so her ass was pushed back into Jr. and her massive jugs hung like udders. Gasping for breath, Maggie rose up to her full 4' 9" and motioned for Annie and Jr. to follow her. Walking quickly to back changing room, she called out, "Stella, I'm showing some customers some clothes, don't bother me for 20 minutes or so.'
"Who was that?' Jr asked as they entered the large cubicle. "Just my assistant.' said Maggie as she maneuvered Annie to the bench. With Annie on the bench, Maggie knelt in front of her and gazed at the see-through thong protecting Annie's vagina. Maggie's fingers reached around the thong and dug her fingers in behind. She quickly slipped two fingers inside as she used her elbows to encourage Annie to bring her knees up and place her feet on the bench. Unimpeded, with a clear shot to the goal, she buried her face in Annie's bald pussy. Last into the room, Jr. was presented with a sight that he had longed to see.
He knelt behind Maggie, opened his jeans and took out his weapon of mass seduction as Annie called it. Bending it down and dipping his hips, he slipped his cock between the pudgy cheeks of Maggie's cunt. She was wet, so wet that he had no difficulty burying it the hilt in one thrust. He continued to ram and pummel her while she ate out his mother. Annie was now holding her legs up via her shins so that Maggie could stick her tongue right in to her gapping hole. Riding Maggie doggy style allowed Jr. to see his mother slide forward on the bench so that Maggie could lick his mother's rosebud. As Maggie's tongue worked the back orifice, Jr. felt familiar stirrings in his loins. Annie had three of her fingers her stuffed into her own vagina. The fingers of her other hand, were pounding her clit. Maggie had a finger in Annie's ass and her tongue working the outer brown ring. Could it get any better than this" Jr. thought.
Yes it could as he reached around and began milking the nipples of Maggie's huge hanging udders. He felt Maggie's other hand reach under and squeeze his balls before starting to frig herself. Maggie soon began bucking her hips and squeezing her cunt as she came. This caused Jr. to bottom out and pump copious amounts of cum into her womb. Her orgasmic shouting, also caused Annie to squirt a stream into Maggie's mouth which she clutched tight to her pulsating vagina with her hands.
Yes it could get better, it sure could.
After a few minutes to catch their collective breaths, Maggie broke the tension by saying, "The things I do for a sale." Taking a few more minutes to pull themselves together, they walked back to the front of the store. 'Now, what did you want to buy' Maggie said in her best store owner voice. 'The outfits also come in spandex/lycra and latex. Those are thinner, more stretchy, so that when you fold them back you don't lose the definition due to thick fabric.'
Annie, whose legs were still trembling, said 'I'll take the jersey in black and sage green, I'll take the spandex/lycra in both red and white and I'll take the latex in aqua.'
Sensing a big sale, Maggie said, 'I also have one that is solid on one side and mesh on the other so you show off more if you want to. If you buy the others I'll give you 50% off that one."
"Deal, she'll wear the sage one, package up the rest and she'll have the mesh one in yellow" Jr. decided, "Mom, your card!'
"Stella, I need you' Maggie called out. With that, young woman about Jr.'s age came out. At six feet tall, she looked Jr. in the eyes. Her narrow hips and small bust were hidden behind latex. Hidden was not quite the word, covered was better since you could see the nipple bars. Jr. looked down and was sure he saw the outline of genital and clit rings connected by chains to a belt under the paint thin outfit. All of which no doubt would have matched her nose ring. "Let's figure out the size for this lady and get her outfits put together." Maggie ordered. Watching her put on her reading glasses to ring up the sale, gave Jr. an idea.
Stella handed Annie the sage one and directed her to the change room. "No need with that, we've seen each other already. Just change right here, so we can easily confirm the size." Maggie suggested strongly. Annie looked at Stella, Maggie and the Jr. Jr. nodded and she unbuttoned her sundress and handed it to Jr. Slipping the jersey top over head she pulled it down covering her breasts. She made sure the bottom was not to low to hide her mid-drift. She stepped into the bottom half and pulled it up so that it was about 6" above her knee. She folded the top over until the top just hugged her hips. Maggie straightened the seams and then reached under the skirt and pulled down Annie's thong. "It fits perfectly, you look super and you'll love the freedom of wearing it with nothing underneath. You look like a new mom.' she offered while tucking Annie's thong in to her own waistband.
With everything parceled up and put in what turned out to be a very small gift bag, Maggie walked them to the door while Stella stayed behind. Jr. watched as every part of his mother seemed to jiggle and sway. "That daughter of mine, all those rings and piercings....oh well, what can you do, she's an adult and a good girl. Have a safe trip and stop in on your way back if you have time." Maggie said as she interrupted Jr.'s thoughts with a quick peck on Annie's cheek. 'You too, sonny!' she quipped giving Jr. a wink and a squeeze. A delicious squeeze, she sighed.
Quickly putting on their sunglasses, to cut the glare of the sunshine, they turned to each other and simultaneously said "Lunch?"