Most of my day was going fine, but I'd just gone into my room to make a quiet phone call to discover that my phone wasn't in the pocket it should have been in. I then did the usual things. I looked in the other pockets in my jacket, emptied out the small backpack I'd been using to see if it could have ended up in there -- knowing fine well that I'd not store it in there in case it got bumped and damaged -- and then, as a last resort, I tried looking in the first pocket again. Just in case it had magically appeared. It had not. Bugger.
I definitely had it in the library before I headed out to get on the bus home, as I'd checked the time on it to see which bus I could make on my way back from uni. And then? I couldn't quite picture the scene and closed my eyes to help get rid of other distractions. I'd looked at the time, decided I could just make the next one if I chucked my books in the bag and headed out swiftly. But the phone? I had no mental image of it, and so assumed that I did what I always did -- put it inside my denim jacket. Except that it was noticeably absent now.
Did I leave it there? Or on the bus? It could, conceivably, have fallen out of the pocket, but it had never come close to doing so before, so why now? Or was it stolen? That was jumping to conclusions a bit but, in all the welcome to campus stuff the uni had been telling us, theft of valuables did keep cropping up.
One of my flatmates -- Leanne -- was in the living room, and I borrowed her phone to try and call mine. There was a chance that it was lying on a table in the library or on the ground somewhere, and someone might answer. I could then arrange to go pick it up. No joy though. She suggested that I could try and track it by the GPS if I had that enabled... and that did set off a small bell in my head. Yes, I'm pretty sure that I did do that when setting up all the options.
In my room, I sat down at my desk and opened the lid of my laptop to try and log on to my provider's network and to see if I could work out the whole GPS thing to find out where it might be. If it was in the library that would be frustrating, but fine to go and collect -- although I'd probably call them first (on Leanne's phone) and see if someone could find it and keep it safe for me while I travelled back again.
And if not, at least I might have a location to give me a clue. If it was still on the bus, then a call to the depot might do the trick. Otherwise, if I could just get a general location, I could ask the male flatmates to come with me, and we could all have a mini adventure in trying to track it down and get it back from whoever had it in their possession.
Or should I call the police and tell them where it was, leaving it up to them to retrieve it? This whole being an adult business sure was complicated. I'd only been away from home for a week, and I was already wishing my dad was here to deal with this. He'd know what to do -- he always did. Which was part of the point of moving into this student flat. I was now taking full responsibility for my life. I'd sort the problem myself -- I was 18 and a big girl now!
It turned out that losing a mobile was not an uncommon thing. Or at least it was common enough that there was a clearly marked 'find your mobile device' section on the website. Impressively, it said that it should be able to locate my phone to within 3 meters. I clicked through, filled in a few boxes, and then hit the button to activate.
And then nothing happened for a while, the little timer device spinning around being the only sign that anything was occurring. I'd not been impatient before, but I hate watching those things. At least a little percentage bar that fills up gives you some idea of how long the process will take, but this gives you nothing.
I left and went to the kitchen to make a cup of tea instead of sitting around staring at the screen for an indefinite period. When I came back, it was to find 'device not found' showing on the screen. Well, bugger, that didn't help. I decided to call the library anyway, just in case some Good Samaritan had handed it in.
At which point, an email notification popped up on the screen. It started fading into the background after a few seconds, but the subject line of 'your phone' had got my attention, and I clicked straight onto it. At least someone had found it, so now I just needed to connect with them and get it back.
The email was apparently sent by me. It came with an attachment of a video from my phone, one that I recognised the name of. One that would show me outdoors, naked, and masturbating. Oh, bloody hell! I'd kept the phone locked -- I always did -- and up to that point, it hadn't really crossed my mind that someone would find a way to unlock it. What the hell use was fingerprint recognition if someone could get in anyway? As it was perfectly clear that someone had!
'Do I have your attention?' Is what the body of the email said. 'If so, download and then run the attached app. If you choose not to do so, then all the videos clogging up this phone will be forwarded, right now, to all your social media and email contacts. I can tell when this email is opened, and you have 5 minutes from that time to start the download.'
Oh, fuck! I rarely get migraines, but that band of pressure that sometimes seems to squeeze the skull tight was suddenly there and saying hello. Boom, it felt like my head was going to explode. Implode? Whatever it was going to do, my life would be over, and that might be a blessing right now.
Some fucking pervert was threatening to send out what was on my phone to basically everyone that I knew. Everyone. If he was in my phone -- and he obviously was -- then he could also access all my emails and every account that I had. And he was sending me this message from my own email account, presumably to prove that he could do so.
I was a bit kinky. It wasn't anything that would bother other people as I was very careful to keep everything to myself, but on the phone there were a lot of nude pics, and videos -- including masturbating in risky places (uni toilets with others around, in my local park, on the bus). In some you would hear other people, in others you might be able to see them -- but, in all of them, I was at least partially undressed and touching myself.
And he now had the lot for himself. All the things that I'd done, and saved the images for private me time later on... he had them for his private time. The bastard had probably wanked himself half to death already, and then decided to send me a threatening message. For what reason I didn't know as yet, but it wasn't going to be something polite where I got my phone back in a simple manner.
As I sat thinking, another email popped into my inbox. Inside there was a video -- a GIF, I think they are called -- that showed an image of a clock counting down from one minute. Presumably, he knew the exact time since he had sent the first and had timed the sending of this reminder to let me know that a decision needed to be made.
I sat there trying to think my way out of this situation. It was only when 15 seconds were left that I realised that I should have done a quick search, to see if I could find anything about the app. I quickly right-clicked over it and hit search on Google. I didn't have time to look at the results right now, but at least I'd have them ready to look at later.
With only 5 seconds left, I knew that I had to open the app and start it going. I had to. I didn't know what it was going to do, but it could not be worse than the threat already made. So what if it fried, or infected, the laptop or something. That could be replaced. Having those videos sent out to everybody just couldn't be allowed to happen.
Double-clicking on the app, and then giving permission for it to make changes to my system only took a few seconds, and I was pretty confident that I'd started doing so just as the timer was ending. Just like some corny movie trope, I'd tapped out at one second left.
After what could only have been a few seconds on-screen instructions told me to click to open up to a website, and then input a series of numbers. The site talked about remote accessing computers, which made me pause for a second. I highlighted the numbers with Ctrl c and then pasted them in with Ctrl v. I'd leave this screen open so that later on I could see exactly what it had to say for itself.
Almost immediately the little light that shows me when my camera is operating came on, and I realised that he could now see me. I should have stuck something - a post-it note or anything -- across and then claimed it wasn't working. Damn it, I was still in some kind of shock from being exposed like this, I wasn't thinking straight -- and I knew that he'd try and keep me off balance.
It was a bit freaky seeing the mouse move on screen, then close the windows that I'd opened about the app and the site with the remote access information. The email containing the app was then deleted and then also removed from my deleted items folder. Smart. I'd probably have looked there later if he'd not done that.
A Word file opened, and he, sitting wherever in the city he was based, started typing into it. It was unsettling to have writing appear on your screen without your hands on the keyboard. Like something in a horror movie, which in a way this was. This was horrific, and he was probably filming me right now, using my own camera.
I wasn't sure how he did it, but the message that he started typing was being read out by the computer in a creepy robot voice, sounding a bit like that old scientist that was in a wheelchair. The one that did things about black holes.
'I'll type. You can talk. I can see and hear you. Thanks for that. I now have access to your machine -- I hope you've nothing naughty hidden on here... but wait, it's hardly like I need to find anything else is it!'
A little bar came up that was quickly minimised by him, but I could see that it was for file transfers, and from the size of the data being copied he had to be creating a copy of everything I had on there.
As it happened, I didn't think there was anything more that would be of interest to him. I'd only got the machine at the end of the summer -- a gift from my dad as prep for uni. I wasn't sure that the laptop was totally secure and so didn't keep anything compromising on there. My fingerprint protected phone was the device that I'd trusted to keep my secrets, rather than this thing with passwords -- the sort of thing that you heard about people hacking.
"What do you want from me?" I said. "Please just let me have the phone back, or you can just keep it but promise to delete the videos. Even if you kept them to yourself, that would be fine, honest," I said, blushing like hell at the thought, "but you cannot send them out to everyone I know!
'Don't tell me what I can or cannot do, you are hardly in a position to dictate to me.'
The machine reading this out was oddly flat -- there should have been some heat, or annoyance in it if a human spoke this, but the programme spoke at the same speed and tone regardless of the content. Presumably one day there would be a better version that could add some colour to this -- maybe there already was.
"Look, I don't have much money but..." He interrupted me by starting typing, and the voice of the computer cut across mine.
'I'm not interested in money, well not yours anyway. Stand up and undress.'
"What the fuck! No!" I'd known this was coming, it had to be really. I just wasn't mentally prepared for the bluntness of it. No easing into the subject. No, how about you take off this one item and then one more thing, and so on -- leading me on bit by bit. Nope, he was going straight for the top prize and wasn't interested in the subtlety of how he got there.
An email notification pinged in with a subject line of 'that pic.' The message itself said, 'here is the first in a set of pictures you might be interested in...'
This was immediately followed by another, with the subject line, 'please delete my last email without opening it, it was sent in error!!!!'
He moved the mouse and showed me that the first one had 49 people and my own address all Bcc'd into it (a 50 person user limit?), and an attachment with a selfie picture. Me, topless with my arm covering much of my boobs, but still showing plenty of skin, smiling nicely for the camera -- and now for these 49 people. Crap!
The people Bcc'd in are what looks like a pretty random assortment of family, friends, and even brands that I'd had dealings with. Because they were only Bcc'd, they would each think that they were the only ones to get this. How many will delete that last email as I had supposedly requested, and how many will keep a copy of the picture forever? Shit!
'The next time you do not immediately do as I say, I will post across all your social media platforms the video I shared to get your attention.'
He'd threatened me with that, and more, earlier, so this wasn't a surprise. But, in a way, it was a good reminder that he held all the cards here. I did have the option to turn off the laptop and call the police but, other than complying, I couldn't see any other alternatives.
'And then I'd do the same with another. And then another every 10 minutes, until the world sees you in all your glory. How soon before they end up on porn sites as well? With all your contact details attached? Not long, as I'll see to that.'
Crap, and again, crap. I'd not considered porn sites. It's one thing for your family and friends to have videos of you getting up to extremely dirty things -- that you have apparently sent them using your own email account -- but, while some would be horrified, and others delighted, they would either delete them or keep them for themselves. Mostly.
However, threatening to put them up on porn sites was a major escalation. I'd seen videos before that showed women in their everyday clothes, and then naked and having sex, that had had a name, and sometimes a location attached. I'd always assumed that this was fake, and done for added titillation -- but maybe not!
'Now, take off your clothes.'
I saw some email notifications come in from people to whom the message was sent, but he deleted those from his end before I could read them. I hoped that people were just laughing about my 'accidentally' sending that image to them and are saying they have deleted it, but I don't know. Maybe they are trying to get in touch, but he has my phone, so again, I cannot tell.
I just don't know what to do and sit there frozen in place, trying to think. Call the police? What exactly can they do before he has sent out all my videos to everyone and ruined my life? Absolutely nothing is what! I've heard that you are not supposed to give in to blackmailers, but I cannot face the consequences of what he says he will do.
A similar clock to before appears on the screen. Another one-minute countdown.
'Naked before it ends at zero, or...' Says my computer, doing its Stephen Hawking impression. I picture him at the other side of the screen, sitting in his wheelchair and telling me to undress for him.
Can doing what this man wants me to be worse than all of the videos and selfies being emailed to everyone I know? And posted across my social media as well? Not forgetting the porn sites. I don't see how it can be. He's got me by the short and curlies, and other than calling his bluff (and desperately hoping that he's not that cruel), I have no choice.
But then he's already sent out an almost topless shot of me to 50 people. Some of whom -- all of whom! -- I'd much rather had never seen that! I have to believe that he'll step it up and do as he said unless I strip off for him. But then what else will he want from me?
About 20 seconds after the countdown had started, I hurriedly began to undress. T-shirt, bra, trainers, then panties & jeans & socks all in one move. All done in under 30 seconds, so there was plenty of time left on the clock when I was done. Who knew I could do it so fast when I needed to!
'Stand up and move around as I direct so that I can see you fully.'
I follow his directions. His? It has to be a him at the other side of the screen. Doesn't it? Why is he hiding his voice though? Is it someone I know? Did I leave the phone in the library, and someone I know picked it up? Is that better or worse than a stranger having me go through all of this? Worse, as I'd face this person again if he knew me, while the stranger would never enter my life.
He has me go through what seems like typical male fantasies. Cup my size B boobs, and suck on them. Open my pussy lips wide for him and then come close to the screen. Turn around and bend over and do the same with my pussy and arse. Keep smiling all the while -- as naturally as possible -- so it looks like this is just another video made voluntarily. It's not though is it.
For those, I did what I wanted and got off on it. Now I'm acting as his puppet, and it is him that is getting off on it. I'm just scared and feeling so small. Hoping this is all a horrid nightmare, but knowing it is not. However, while this is bloody embarrassing, I know that he's got far worse images of me on the camera that he's probably already watched and downloaded for the future.
Following his wishes I lean over and grab my hairbrush from my bedside table, and then, with legs open wide -- up on either side of the laptop on my desk -- I masturbate at his command. He tells me to speed up or slow down as he wants. To pinch and pull my nipples, to expose my clit and to moan in pleasure.
Is he moaning in pleasure as he watches me doing this? He knows that this isn't real for me, but having an attractive young girl (I'm 18, but I've no idea if this is a student of a similar age forcing me to do this, or an old aged pensioner that's not seen a naked body for years), obey his wishes must be feeding some dark well inside of him.
I simulate an orgasm, and he has me get right up close to the camera so that he can see the juices produced by my pussy. I then deep-throat the handle of the brush to clean it for him. He wants me to degrade myself on camera, but maybe he hasn't seen all my videos yet to know that this performance is nothing to me. While I know full well that he will be recording this, it is still nowhere near as nasty as some of the films already on the phone.
****
For instance, last weekend when I was the only one in the flat.
The other five had gone out as a group to bond and explore the city after we'd all arrived just a day or two before. I'd lied and said I was feeling tired but would certainly join them for lunch, so to be sure to let me know where they got to. I really just wanted to be home alone so that I could christen the flat properly.
As soon as they had closed the front door behind them, I walked over to it and stripped off all my clothes, dropping them on the floor right there. I then stood with my hands on my head, shoulders back, legs wide open wide, while the sounds of them going down the stairwell were still in the air.
I knew that this was incredibly risky. If one of them had forgotten anything and just popped back for it -- a phone, a wallet, a water bottle -- then I would be fully exposed to them. There was no way that I could grab my clothes and make it to my room if they came up to the door quietly and put the key in.
And that was where the thrill lay for me. I didn't want to get caught, but the possibility of it was tremendously exciting. It had to have a real chance of occurring though. If I'd stripped off right next to my room, then I could have hidden myself if they had come back -- and where was the thrill to be had there? No. If there was no risk, there was nothing to get my juices flowing. And they were flowing now.
I set up my phone so that I could film myself masturbating on the living room sofa. Again, if one of them came back to the flat, then I was going to get caught, no question about it. There was nowhere to hide and, apart from grabbing a cushion and attempting to cover myself with it, I'd be fully visible. I threw the cushions into the kitchen area to remove even that possibility. To increase the risk.
My fat red permanent marker pen went smoothly into my bum after being smeared in Extra Virgin Olive oil, and then that small bottle was stuffed into my pussy and used as a dildo to help get me off. It tapered nicely so that the top went in easily, but the square bottle and the thicker base filled me up just the right amount.
One of the things about using regular items from my room, or found in a home, was getting to use them later for their intended purposes. In class I'd be using this marker, but there would be a small mental bonus in knowing where it had been. The same went for any bottles, kitchen implements, or personal care items that might find their way inside me. I'd be reminded of how dirty and wrong this incident was the next time that I used them, and that was a nice little extra.
Today I used the Extra Virgin Olive oil bottle from the cupboard as a bit of a joke on myself, as I was still a virgin at 18. Does that make me an Extra Virgin though? I'd clean it off well once done, so there shouldn't be any particular hygiene problems with it, but seeing someone else handle it on a future occasion, knowing what I'd done with it, would give me another illicit thrill.
All of that was recorded, but it was once I was done and had turned the camera off that I hit trouble. My hands were slightly covered with the oil, from touching myself, and as I tried to take the marker out, I slipped and accidentally pushed it all the way in. Gone. My bum hole closed tightly over as the marker was sucked inside.
I had a picture of my having to stick my butt in front of one of my five flatmates and ask them to thrust their fingers in -- or of having to go to the local hospital, and that would be an Uber ride to remember, and explain what had happened. Honest Doc, I was nude in my room, and I unexpectedly sat down on it. That would hardly explain how my nether regions were coated in oil though!
I squatted and strained while kneeling on the living room carpet in front of the TV, and prayed that I'd be able to reach it. I'd thought about cleaning my hands, but that would have meant walking to the sink, which, although not far, would have meant my body moving about. I was worried that I'd end up taking the bloody thing further inside me.
Instead, I ran them both up and down my torso, and then through my long hair until they were as de-oiled as I could get them before going onto all fours, prying my arsehole apart with one hand, bearing down, and then trying to grasp the marker with the other. It came out after what felt like a hell of a long time, and I collapsed in relief onto the floor.
What the heck any of the others would have thought if they had come home during any of that I don't know! Clothes piled next to the front door. Oiled up, with my butt in the air and my fingers inside as far as I could reach, the smell of my cum still heavy in the air before I'd had a chance to clean up the room.
We'd only been in the flat together for a few days and were still at the relatively polite 'getting to know your 5 new flatmates' stage'. Finding out about each other's personalities. That would have opened up some discussions about living together in a shared space!
****
Bloody hell, I hope he's not shown those videos to all his friends already! Half of Glasgow could be watching my videos right now... hang on, for all I know half of Glasgow is watching me live on the air right now! I was so dumb! I'd assumed that he'd be filming me as I stripped off and did what he wanted, but that was a sudden and horrid thought.
Okay, I'm a secret exhibitionist. I do get off on touching myself when I'm hidden away, and others are close by. However, I absolutely do not want people to see me doing it. Either at the time or through any filming I may have done. All footage was private, to stimulate me in the future if I cannot get out and do more for whatever reason -- not to stimulate this bastard!
'So you masturbate in public toilets, and I can hear other people moving around in the general area, but you are safe in the cubicle. Not so much when you are sitting doing it while on a branch up a tree, and you can see other people and film them. They might look up and see you, but are you partially hidden by foliage?'
I nodded in agreement.
'Speak out loud please when answering a question. I like your voice, and it pleases me to hear it.'
The bastard that he is, he just wants me to admit on camera that I like doing this sort of thing. Not that anyone seeing the self-shot footage would have any doubt of that. In which case, there is no harm in my admitting it to him. There cannot be much worse that could happen than his sending out the videos, so if he wants to chat then that's fine with me, for as long as it keeps him happy.
'The same applies when you are hidden in bushes. So you like being nude around others and touching yourself, but have not actually exposed yourself as yet?'
"That's correct."
'Call me Sir. What does your boyfriend think of this?'
"I don't have one. Sir." The stupid git was playing silly buggers, getting off on my submission. That's what he thought anyway. Calling him 'sir' meant nothing to me. If he wanted to dominate or humiliate me, then he'd have to try much harder than that.
'The last boyfriend then?'
"I've never had a serious one so far, just a few casual friendships. And certainly, not one that I'd tell this sort of thing to. Sir."
'Hold on -- are you a virgin?'
Blushing, I agreed that I am indeed a virgin. I don't know exactly why I blushed as it was nothing to be ashamed of, just something I didn't talk to anyone about -- let alone a total stranger. I don't tell him that I'm an extra virgin -- I'll leave him to try and work that out for himself when he watched that video. Would he realise why I'd grabbed that bottle rather than another?
'So you insert things inside yourself in public to bring yourself off, but you've not gone for a one night stand to do the same?'
"No sir. That just feels... cheap somehow. I know others do it, and that's fine for them, but I want something real, rather than a quick nothing relationship like that."
'How about the internet? There is a group for everything these days. Can you not find others that think in the way that you do?'
"Yes sir," I say. "I've looked and found forums that look interesting, but I'm scared that once I get in touch with people that are strangers, I'll be taken advantage of."
(Why the hell am I telling him all of this honestly! I've never talked to anyone about this sort of thing before -- I've never had the chance to. For the first time in my life I'm having an honest conversation about my kinky needs, and it happens to be with a bastard that is blackmailing me by threatening exposure!)
"You also don't know if you are being recorded over the web. It's a very remote chance of being found by someone that might watch such a recording, but it is still a possibility. They would then be able to...." I broke off. I'd been about to say 'blackmail me' which is exactly what this guy was doing while recording me over the web.
He knew what I'd been about to say and ignored it.
'Tell me about your living arrangements now. You have a number of flatmates -- I can see that from emails to your mother.'
Oh hell, he could read all my private correspondence. Not that I had anything to hide in my emails and such like, but I still didn't want a stranger with an unknown agenda (well, maybe not that unknown seeing as what he's already had me doing today) reading his way through them all. Personal things should stay that way.
"I have five flatmates, two girls, three guys, and we are living in uni managed accommodation a couple of miles from the campus. We all share a living room and kitchen, but have private bedrooms with study desks and a small bathroom. Not huge rooms, but they are okay. We all moved in a week ago at the start of term. I don't know them very well yet, but they seem okay. Sir."
'Okay. I'm going to give you an instruction that you may not like at first, but that I think you will in time. You will have to trust me on this -- not that you have any choice.'
Bugger. That didn't bode well did it! Anytime someone said that you'd have to trust them in a movie was the point where you thought that they were the bad guy. Don't do it you'd shout at the TV -- they are going to set you up for a fall! And coming from someone that I knew for a fact was a bad guy... Crap.
'I want you to go out to talk to the five of them, call them into the living area together from their rooms if you need to. Tell them that you are a nudist and having to wear clothes all the time is a real mental drain for you. Would they mind if you went naked around the flat? Tell them you'll give them 30 minutes to think about it, and discuss it amongst themselves, and then come back out for an answer. You will be fine if it is a no and would just stay nude when in your bedroom in that case, but you'd be really grateful if they said yes.'
Having the stupid computer voice read that out didn't help with my comprehension. Tell these five near-strangers that I wanted to be naked around them all the time? Bugger that! That was ridiculous, and sounded like some stupid adolescent fantasy -- oh, crap.
Was this some stupid adolescent? Was it a kid sitting in his bedroom and jerking me around? I'd not just masturbated for a kid had I? If he'd found my videos that was a bad thing but agreeing to do this live would be almost colluding in the corruption of a minor (if that was what it was called), and I'd be up shit creek if we were found out.
But no. No, this had to be an adult bloke. Getting by my phone's fingerprint security and then sorting out the software to do all of this would take some kid a lot of time. It was only a couple of hours ago I'd lost it -- only an adult could sort out this sort of thing so quickly. Right?
"I can't do that! Sir." Was what came out of my mouth. I realised that I was sweating slightly, even though the room was no warmer than before. Panic mode was setting in. "They would have me thrown out of the halls for, I don't know, indecency, or something!"
An email popped open on my screen with what looked like another 50 people Bcc'd in it. This one had a video whose name I recognised. Oh crap. This wasn't a particularly nasty one, but I was naked outdoors and had masturbated until I was cumming in it. Possibly twice. The message body simply said, 'I've been thinking of you...'
The same 60-second clock now appeared on the screen. Another one-minute countdown, but I didn't need it. These fifty would get this video and message, and then presumably another group the next, and so on until my life was totally ruined. Oh hell, what do I do! What do I do!
The alternative was to go out and tell people in person that I wanted them to see me in all my glory -- and that would be pretty much my reputation at uni gone for good. Unless I could convince them to keep it between ourselves. Would I share it if one of them had come out with such a weird idea? Probably, in all honesty!
'Look at the first email address.'
Fuck! The university had sent us the contact details of the other flatmates (after asking our permission for email addresses to be shared), and I'd emailed them all to say hello before we moved in together. The email in question was to one of the guys -- Connor. He'd be bound to show the others what he thought that I had sent him. Or would he keep it to himself thinking that I was strangely coming onto him, that I wanted a physical relationship? Bugger. Probably.
"Sir, please do not send that email. My life would be ruined if you did that. I would be ruined here, and, well, everywhere, if you send these out!" Which made it a no-brainer didn't it. "I will do as you have instructed and go and talk to them in the living room."
'Tell them what I said, but make it clear that they are obviously under no obligation to do the same -- and that you would cover up if any guests came round. Or at least whoever is hosting them can ask if they would like you to cover up. If not, then you will remain naked.'
He told me to take the laptop with me so that he could hear exactly what was being said when I told them the news. Presumably, he wanted to check that I did it, rather than just went out, made a cup of tea or something and then came back through claiming that I tried, but that they all said no way. That would get me off the hook, but wouldn't do anything for him -- he'd miss out on his bit of fun humiliating me.
I wasn't sure what I was yet, I'd not been experimenting like this for long, just a couple of months. I was a secret nudist of sorts as I did like to be without clothes -- both indoors and out -- but I certainly didn't want company in it. The idea of someone seeing my naked body was not good for me.
It compared very well to others I'd seen, both in real life and on the internet, although my boobs could have been bigger, but something in my head just started shrieking at the thought of others seeing it. Any serious boyfriends would get to in time but, up to that point, I wasn't even keen on stripping off in changing rooms at the local pool.
A hidden, almost exhibitionist, that did her best not to get caught -- and hadn't so far, although I'd come very, very, close. I liked being near people that didn't know that I was naked, and that gave me a buzz. Made my lady bits tingle, and was addictive. I'd do it, be fine for a week or so, but then I got a sort of withdrawal. Watching past escapades back again helped to a degree as I relived them, but a feeling built up inside me where I just had to go and do it for real again before I exploded.
Crap! This bloke was trying to force my secrets out into the open. Except that wasn't at all what I wanted, that's why they were secrets! I could have wandered around nude if I felt that way. I could have shown myself off, both in real life and over the net to strangers on one of the sites that specialized in such things. I didn't want to though!
I was a very private person and, apart from this minor kink, a very normal person. Of course, I didn't want people to stand around and see me naked -- especially while they were still dressed so that I stood out like some sort of a freak! Going somewhere like a nudist beach would be bad enough, but to sit and eat a meal with the others while I was the only one like this. Oh hell, it didn't bear thinking about!
Bugger him all to hell!
I made a final desperate attempt to bargain with him, I had nothing to lose by trying. If he let me skip this instruction of his then I would make him a special film of myself doing anything that he liked. Anything. Whatever fetishes and kinks he had I would do my very best to make him a custom video.
"Just think sir," I said, while running my hands over my breasts, "you can see that I'm quite attractive and have a great body -- wouldn't you like me to do something for you that you've never been able to ask someone to do in the real world? You know that I have my fantasies, but you must also have some of your own. I'll do my very best to fulfil them for you. Whatever they are, I'll do my best for you, sir."
'Well, that is a nice thought... but no. As it happens, I've never had a beautiful blonde go out and announce to her flatmates that she wants to be seen naked around them in their flat on a permanent basis.'
Of course, not. Who the hell had ever had that chance! And while a tiny bit in the back of my brain was pleased to be called beautiful -- even by Stephen Hawking's voice emanating from my laptop -- I was terrified by what I knew I was about to do. What we both knew that I was about to do.
'Please do this now. I'll not ask again.'