Tourists
They were tourists; two women in sun hats, cameras slung around their necks, sensible shoes, and fanny packs, clutching brochures of the grounds and (we discovered later) a small 'welcome' post card not intended for them. They stepped into the alcove formed by the neatly trimmed hedges a few yards to the right of where Astare and I were sitting on the long low garden bench with our wine and assorted charcuterie tray as my husband and Astare's Greg finished setting things up for our afternoon picnic.
We were on private property and fully within our rights (granted by the owners) to be there and doing what we were doing - these two were unauthorized interlopers here, at least technically. Yet it is never our intention to shock or offend non-enthusiasts or impose our tastes on their 'decent' sensibilities. So, I did cringe inwardly a bit and fully expected that once what they were seeing registered, they would make whatever bumbling sort of alarmed excuses they could manage and back (or run) out of the alcove the way they came. They would have a story to tell their fellow tour group members over lunch, but nothing more would come of it.
But it seems to take somewhat longer than it rightly should for things to register with these two. They pause there just inside the alcove and their gazes sweep the scene, going from the two males, who have looked up at them from their task securing the umbrella, to where Astare and I sit, then back again, once, twice before the younger of the two, a slender mousy thing in glasses, turns to the other and says;
"Really, we should go." and backs away a step or two towards the exit as expected.
The other, a middle aged, slightly heavy, dishwater blonde, nods noncommittally, but then, rather than withdrawing, looks down at the brochure map of the grounds she's clutching, then back up at me and, "Ahm, so is this the way to the statuary section?" she asks.
"I don't think so." I answer, try to smile through my irritation at what I take as her obliviousness, until that is, I see her gaze swing back to the two males and,
"Oh." she says. Then, "So I guess we're a little lost."
At which point I recognize that, whatever else she may be thinking, things have certainly registered.
We were at a large villa in Italy where a group of fellow CFNM enthusiasts had decided to meet up for a four day get together. One of our number, Lydia, had purchased the place for a ridiculously low sum under an agreement with the Italian government that she and her husband would restore it and preserve its historically significant features. To defray the costs of restoration and upkeep, Lydia offered occasional guided tours of the villa and surrounding gardens to tourists.
Our group hailed from many locales and countries. Most of us had never met in person, but we shared a common interest and had come for the pleasure of pursuing it with other enthusiasts in these luxurious surroundings. Lydia had clearly marked off certain gated portions of the gardens and villa interior for our group's private use, posting 'employee only, do not enter' signs to bar doorways and certain garden paths and, further, had instructed the guides to avoid those areas on any tour until our departure.
Astare and I had come to know one another via the group's private messaging platform. We had spoken once on the phone when I saw her name on the list for attendees at the villa. She was excited to be attending as she had recently met and was, in her words, 'still breaking in' a new male whom she hoped to bring and share, provided he could get the time off to make the trip.
Things worked out and we had both arrived the evening before with our respective contributions to the long weekend's entertainment; my husband Mathew and her new find, Greg. Group activities were not scheduled to start until others arrived in a day or so, but Lydia and her staff accommodated the four of us with a lovey dinner on the veranda and encouraged us to make use of the grounds and other amenities as we waited for the other guests to trickle in over the next couple days.
Astare, Mathew, Greg and I got on wonderfully at dinner. Though there was nothing scheduled for the group next day, we all agreed that a foretaste of some of what the weekend ahead offered would be a pleasant way to spend the next afternoon over a picnic lunch in the gardens, just among ourselves.
We chose a small relatively secluded alcove behind a gated path with one of those aforementioned 'employees only' warning signs. Although we knew there would be tours that day, we had closed the gate securely and so were not expecting company. We were sipping wine and relaxing (well, Astare and I were at least) as we got better acquainted and enjoyed comparing and toying with our two males.
The males were, of course, both naked and erect and had been since we first arrived; quickly stripping down and presenting themselves, standing side by side in front of Astare and I as we sat together on the bench.
I always love that initial moment of exposure when a fresh new male presents himself for my consideration and appraisal. I like the transition to be abrupt, as few preliminaries and as little ceremony as possible between the man's position as a pleasant new acquaintance engaged in ordinary social interaction, and the naked male standing silent before me, presenting his erect penis and upturned balls in that blatant, exaggerated way for my inspection and, should I find what he offers sufficiently interesting, use.
In contrast to the abruptness of the transition, I like taking my time with a first viewing, letting the male feel the submission of his body to my judgement, provoking (in the best cases) those anxious, reflexive thrusts and twitches of the penis as I make him await my verdict.
Though not as broad shouldered as I like them, Greg's lean build, larger than average circumcised penis with its pretty, graceful upward arc, the large glans flaring nicely wider than the shaft, and his symmetrically hung, well- articulated balls were much to my taste. There is also a vicarious, proprietary pleasure in sharing Mathew with new women; seeing his excitement at being exposed to fresh eyes is both endearing and arousing.
Astare was clearly pleased by, and more than politely complimentary of my Mathew's presentation. The thickness of his cock is almost always a pleasant surprise for new users. Anticipating the pleasure of her attention since meeting her over dinner last evening, his penis was fully flushed and lively under her gaze, pre-come already seeping generously from the head.
"Ah, that's nice, I like them lively." Astare had purred, clearly pleased by the frantic spasm and flexing of Mathew's cock above her hand as she handled his balls. For my part I was equally pleased with Greg's response when, per my usual preference for first handling, I took his balls between his legs from behind as they presented their asses; the spasming in the root of his cock against the heel of my hand told me his penis was performing its own little jig. Both males exhibited that charming, competitive agitation at being compared and seeing one another displayed and handled. We agreed they made a nice pair.
Introductions over, we had set the males to finish setting things up for our afternoon together; unloading the small hand cart of coolers and picnic paraphernalia so helpfully put together for our use by the villa staff. They had poured us wine and set out the aforementioned charcuterie tray and then turned to the rest. The blanket was spread and pillows strewn to receive us and the two of them were working to position and secure the large sun-shade umbrella in its weighted stand when our visitors arrived.
"Oh." The dishwater blonde says in response to hearing this was not the way to the statuary section of the grounds, her eyes settling on Mathew and Greg once more. "So, I guess we're a little lost."
The mousy one winces and casts me a pained look, says, "Brenda, c'mon, I told you that's what it meant. We should..."
"Yeah." the blonde (Brenda, apparently) agrees, but keeps her gaze fixed on the two males. "I knew already what it meant." Continues to look. Then, "Yeah." She says, a faint smile spreading over her features.
Interesting.
My husband and Greg have paused with the umbrella upright in its stand but yet to be opened. It's clear they're unsure what's expected of them in this situation. Mathew glances my way with a questioning expression. He's not some subway flasher looking to expose himself to unwilling women in public. That's the opposite of what excites him about serving this way; it's submission to and compliance with the voyeuristic whims and sexual demands of women like Astare and I that stiffens and drives him.
Yet this 'Brenda' is not acting like a particularly unwilling audience. I can discern the conditioned response of my husband's body to the presence and seeming interest of yet another new woman. He straightens up and shifts his stance to angle his hips slightly more in our visitors' direction. It's a reflexive motion I'm not sure he's even fully aware of; his body primed by habit to offer itself, even as his eyes are asking me what I want or expect of him. I watch that lovely penis of his flex for Brenda and...
"I told you." the mousy one says, seeming a bit panicked as she looks past Brenda at the two males, "So we should..." she starts again.
"Yeah, I knew what CFNM meant." Brenda says distractedly, her eyes still foraging the available male anatomy with unfeigned interest.
Unwitting or otherwise, that kind of response from any woman is a trigger for males like these; especially when they are already fully aroused and 'in role' so to speak.
Greg steps out away from the umbrella, faces Brenda squarely, opens his stance and presents himself; hips forward, pelvis curled under and up to offer his balls and erection for her appraisal. As I mentioned, I love seeing a male offer himself that way, just the confession of it. But for a moment I worry this may be a bit much for a 'civilian'. But...
"Jeeze, yeah, that's nice." Brenda says softly under her breath, her eyes narrowing in pleasure.
Well, at this point, I guess we'll just see where this goes. Mathew is still looking at me for direction and I flick my eyes towards Brenda indicating...
"Yes, Laura." he says hoarsely and steps out beside Greg to properly present himself for the 'new girls' to appraise.
It is entirely unsubtle and meant to be; leaving no room for misinterpretation as to the male intent to offer themselves for sexual objectification and use. It signals a woman's entitlement to do just that without worrying about other social niceties. Brenda seems fine with that; her eyes shifting from one penis to the other, glancing up only briefly at their faces; clearly pleased by the soft moans and excited dance of their cocks under her attention when her eyes drop back there again.
Mousy, on the other hand, seems unsettled. It's one thing to accidently stumble upon two nude men in a garden (though I'm beginning to wonder just how accidental this was), but quite another to stand there and ogle them when they present themselves so blatantly this way for your perusal. She's cringing and shifting about. But I note she's not entirely foregoing the opportunity to peruse.
"Really," mousy says, licking her lips before getting her eyes away from the males and meeting mine, "we were just going to take some photos of the statuary and got kind of..." she breaks off with a wince, perhaps realizing she is a bad liar, then, "The card said things weren't starting till tomorrow, so we..."
"The card?" Astare asks.
"Yeah, you know the..." mousy fumbles with the papers in her hand and pulls out one of the informational cards Lydia had printed up for our group, listing schedules and ground rules for our activities, holds it up, "the card. Says about the CFNM stuff. But it says the first things are not till tom..."
"Fuck shooting the statuary." Brenda, who has continued to peruse during this exchange, snorts happily. "I want a picture of this, right here."
"Brenda!" mousy cringes. "We should be..."
"Yeah, yeah." Brenda cuts her off with an unconcerned wave of a hand, then turns toward Astare and I. "I mean, yeah, sorry an' all if we interrupted." She says unapologetically. "But they don't mind, right?" she casts a quick glance back at the males, then, "Us seeing them this way." she clarifies. "I mean, sure, as long as you, you know, you're okay. But it's not like..."
"Does it look like they mind?" I ask rhetorically, finding Brenda's bull in the lingerie shop approach amusing. I motion slightly towards the males inviting her to...
She turns back to them again.
The males understand what I want from them; the implied expectation in my tone that they will make the rhetorical nature of the question abundantly clear for our guests. I know how asking them to accentuate the display of their excitement will prod their already overwrought arousal. But that only increases the gratification of seeing those hips buck in urgent demonstration of their excitement at having Brenda and her friend 'seeing them this way'; the hard clench of those fine asses and the sharp jounce of their balls as they buck under her gaze.
I know how being made (allowed) to perform this way brings my Mathew to a pitch; the auto-aphrodisiac effects of displaying his excitement serving to ratchet it up still further. I am gratified to see it seems to have a similar effect on Greg, as both men hold position after that last buck; hips forward, curled under and up so their two cocks point almost vertically, both flushed and twitching prettily.
After a moment, Astare nudges me gently with her elbow, gives me a conspiratorial wink, then turns and, "Aren't they a nice pair?" she asks Brenda pleasantly.
Brenda's eyes swivel back our way, her brows furrowed. "What?" she asks. "You mean...?" her gaze swings back to Mathew and Greg. "A nice pair, like..." back to us again, then, "Fuck, yeah!" she laughs, looks back at them again. "That's a fuckin great pair!" she says, then more softly, "Fuckin great." she nods, affirming this to herself. "But, so then," her eyes back on us again, "you don't mind us, you know, I mean, we did kind of know you might be... whatever, okay? Saw you heading down this way earlier and, yeah, Chazy did find that card with, you know, said about CFNM stuff. And I did know what that meant. But it did say that was only starting..."
"You're fine, Brenda." Astare says easily, then focusing on "Chazy is it? Really, it's fine. Why don't you..." she motions them both further into the alcove, "enjoy the scenery." She finishes with a soft laugh.
"Ah, fuck yes." A soft moan from Greg, another sharp buck of his hips at Astare's granting these two license for some further, though still TBD use of him.
I meet Mathew's gaze, give him my proprietor's smile to confirm my agreement with Astare's invitation. His eyes close, his head dropping back, a hard exhale as his penis flexes in approval of my decision to make him available as well for... well, I guess we'll see.
"So," Astare says after a moment when it seems Brenda and Chazy are not quite sure what to do with this invitation to 'enjoy the scenery', "you were saying you wanted some pictures?" she suggests.
I can't help but laugh. Astare is turning out to be a playmate after my own heart.
Brenda's pulls her head back like a chicken that's been bopped on the beak, her brows flit upward then drop sharply. "What?" she looks at Astare, "You mean..."
"Ah, fuck yes!" Greg answers her question with another soft moan that brings Brenda's eyes back there.
Astare apparently is far enough along with her 'breaking in' of Greg to know how to elicit a good performance from him; her offer for him to feature in Brenda's travel slide presentation on 'What I saw in Italy' triggering another hard buck of his hips, his balls jouncing pleadingly for Brenda to "Fuck yes! Please."
"You don't mind, do you?" Astare asks me quickly under her breath; having never played together before she gives me the courtesy of checking, but...
"No, no." I assure her in a hurried whisper. "It's perfect."
And, indeed, though perhaps not literally 'perfect', it makes for a very entertaining interlude, the occasional awkwardness and hesitancy of the mousy Chazy offering an amusing counterpoint to the blunt curiosity and typically American tactlessness of Brenda.
At first Brenda is, not exactly cautious, but rather unimaginative in her photographic approach; taking a few full body, straight on shots of the two of them together as if, other than being naked, erect and presenting their genitals in an exaggerated way, they were simply two fellow tourists posing for a 'we were there' portrait.
She's scrolling back through the images on the camera to check whether she 'got the shot' and mousy is next to her saying, "Okay, so you got them. And now we should be getting back and let these people..."
"Don't be silly." I interrupt this, finding both males', but especially Greg's mounting excitement at being photographed quite entertaining but not yet fully exploited. "You need some better shots than that to show your friends and enjoy for yourselves."
Because the point here, of course is not, per se, about getting Brenda material for her photo scrap book, it's about using that as a pretext and prod to make the males entertain us with, hopefully, ever more excited pleas and displays of their eagerness for her lens. We can always cut things short if it doesn't turn out to be fun.
As to that, the 'fun' for me, is the arbitrariness of it; the males' eager submission to 'whatever' we decide to let these two female tourists use them for; that's the jewel in Astare's and my crown of entitlement. I want them to feel and acknowledge that their bodies, arousal, even their semen, are ours to gift to whomever we wish and dispose of as we will.
The males do not know these two women any more than we do, or what Brenda may or may not do with any pictures she takes; share them with friends for a laugh, post them on line, keep them in a private file and masturbate to them, delete them in embarrassment as soon as she gets home... ah, the possibilities.
Yet these males will not dispute our prerogative to gift their bodies and arousal this way to Brenda's photographic whims. The anxiety and uncertainty about the uses to which the photos will be put, will only further stiffen their cocks to aching, make their thrusts and moans as they pose and offer themselves to her lens more entertaining.
I'll need to be fucked after this; perhaps persuade Astare to agree to a sharing arrangement for the evening; a chance for each of us to sample them together in less limited roles. They do make such a nice pair. I had, last evening, already privately mentioned to Mathew ('sight unseen' as it were) my potential interest in enjoying he and Greg together for fucking and other activities. I would, of course, extend the same courtesy to Astare for Mathew's use, either just for herself as a threesome or together as a foursome if she were so inclined.
This had been based strictly on our pleasant interactions over dinner, which, as usual in these situations, steered clear of any sexual topics or references. We all knew why we had come to the villa and the uses our two male companions would be put to over the next few days of group activity. So there was no need for clarification on that issue. It's far more interesting to let the anticipation of that simmer in the background as we all get to know each other in other respects. Learning their (non-sexual) likes and dislikes, the details of their careers, personal or family history, the books they read, and other mutual interests, just enhances the pleasure of sexual objectification when all of the polite social trappings of wit, accomplishment and status are stripped from them, along with their clothing, and they stand before me offering their bodies, erect penises and uplifted balls for my purely aesthetic appraisal and entertainment.
As I mentioned, I like that transition to be abrupt and unceremonious as possible. Having 'dressed them up', so to speak, in the finery of full personhood, it is their social and psychological nakedness when they submit themselves to be my playthings that makes their physical nakedness most gratifying.
I am selective in whom I issue such extra-curricular invitations to. Though I can be a demanding lover, offering my own body and receiving pleasure from one or more men is, and is meant to be, a very different sexual dynamic than the command and control pleasures of CFNM. Though I deeply enjoy the more mutual pleasures of fucking, sucking and cunnilingus with select males, I find those pleasures are distinct from and, if not kept separate, distract from, and even diminish the gratifications of sexual entitlement and dominance I experience with CFNM sport. So I keep the two separated by time, place and ambiance.
It is not that the two bear no relation. CFNM always enhances the enjoyment I get from putting males to more than ornamental sexual use later. It is the longest, slowest, most simmering and moistening foreplay any woman could hope for. It can keep me going for days, even weeks afterwards. The restraint of suppressing or sublimating my own urges to be pleasured in more tactile and visceral ways, into this voyeuristic crucible of sexual dominance, makes the lust pour forth like molten gold when the vessel is finally allowed to spill.
Usually that hunger is my lovely Mathew's to sate. But on occasion, like now, a particular male, or even just a 'charismatic' penis (I make no pretensions to subtlety or 'depth' in my visceral responses) will tempt me to supplement Mathew's attentions to my needs with a second cock. As to this particular couple, we all got on famously at dinner and since then, the play dynamic between Astare and I has been convivial and affectionate.
Though I mentioned my possible interest in fucking he and Greg together to Mathew last evening, I wanted, naturally, a chance to evaluate his physique and genitals before proposing anything to Astare. But as to that, my appraisal of Greg has got me trying to remember how long it's been since I had the pleasure of sucking, or gave Mathew the pleasure of seeing me suck off a new cock.
Two men is usually sufficient to scratch that occasional itch for carnal variety; it can get a bit too busy with more than two cocks to entertain. Though, on occasion...
But I digress.
"You need some close ups." I prompt when it seems Brenda is being unaccountably slow in taking the obvious hint.
Brenda looks at me and "You mean of their...?" she breaks off, her head starting to nod along with mine, a smile mirroring mine spreading across her features. "Yeah, sure, thanks." she says with a tight laugh. Then. looking down and fiddling with the camera, "Got a zoom on this." she says, adjusting things.
"No need for that." I scoff and motion her forward. "Get up there so they can model properly for you."
"Yeah, that's it." Astare says to me under her breath, her lips scarcely moving. "Make her do it right." a soft, conspiratorial laugh.
Despite Astare's attempt at discretion, Brenda seems to have heard at least some of that. She looks our way and "What's that?" she asks with a slight wince.
Despite her rather brash beginning, she seems uncertain about taking things in a more up close and personal direction. She glances back over her shoulder at her mousy friend.
"We should go." Chazy says with a diffident glance our way. "Leave these nice people to their..."
"I was just saying," Astare cuts this off, intent as I am on getting a bit more male prodding mileage out of Brenda and her camera, "agreeing with Laura that is. Not only, as you said yourself, do they, and we, not mind, but I know they'd be disappointed not to be able to model for you properly, make sure you have some really fine close up and intimate shots to remember them by and," she pauses coyly, "share with your friends, of course. I, I don't mean to patronize you," she shifts tone deftly, "you read the card, understand what's going on here and how that kind of attention would excite them and..."
"Oh God, Astare, yes!" Greg interrupts hoarsely, unable to restrain his mounting excitement at this sort of talk. "Please. I want her to have good pictures."
It's poor etiquette for a male in role to speak unless spoken to, let alone interrupt when a woman is speaking. An occasional 'yes' or 'thank you' in acknowledgement of a command is acceptable and the gasps and moans of 'please!', or 'yes' as they plead for release or buck in gratitude, or even the redundant but seemingly irrepressible declarations of 'I'm coming!' or 'Here's my come!' as they ejaculate. But in general, compliance is the only form of commentary or expression of opinion proper to the role they have asked for the privilege of serving in.
On the other hand, Astare did say this one was just being broken in and, so, I leave it to her to correct him if and as she wishes. For my part, I'm finding Greg's inexperienced pleading charmingly forgivable, like the pre-mature ejaculation of some young males the first time they're presented and handled for an audience. I sense that same sort of anxious excitability in Greg and that upthrust penis of his twitching so hopefully. It only further confirms my intention of putting it and him to later, more thorough use.
If nothing else, his impromptu pleading is having an encouraging effect on the prevaricating Brenda who is focused intently once more on her potential photographic subjects.
"You mean, of their...?" she repeats her half asked question from earlier, but this time takes a half step forward, hefting her camera slightly with both hands, "their..." her voice trailing off.
What's with the verbal reticence and hesitation here? What does it look like they want you to have pictures of, woman?
"Their cocks and their balls." I say with as much indelicacy as I can muster, hoping, by example, to encourage Brenda to take a more mercenary approach to things.
"Oh!" a startled squeak from the mouse. "I mean, should we...?" she starts to ask Brenda, one hand poised, gesturing back towards the entrance. But
"Of course you should!" Astare cuts this off with her own interpretation of 'should'. "Get a few up between their legs from below, that would get you a good shot of their asses too." she suggests, playfully doubling down on my 'just fucking use them' tone. "Or get them on their backs, have them spread and lift for you, tip their balls up so you get that nice angle with their asses clenched. Those would be fun to share with your friends," she continues over the soft moans from both males who, as expected, are reflexively picturing themselves in the scene described, "posed that way looking up at the camera so it's clear how excited they were to show you, have you photograph them that way. That would be fun for Laura and me too; seeing them get all worked up showing off for you. But then," Astare breaks off with a casual flick of her hand, "I'm sure you have your own ideas of what you'd like to remember them by." She sniffs.
"You're serious." A statement more than a question; Chazy looking back and forth between Astare and the hopeful males. "You're actually serious." she says.
"But of course." Astare assures her with a 'what's the big deal' shrug.
"I mean, you're not just fucking with us cause we crashed your..." Chazy waves a hand about to indicate the 'situation', "whatever." She finishes and crosses her arms over her breasts in mild hauteur.
Perhaps the girl has more spunk than I first assumed.
"Well," I start, pause, let's be clear here, "we obviously weren't expecting you. But, unless you're offended or disinterested, we're perfectly..."
"Why would I be offended?" Chazy asks. "I mean, okay, sure, maybe I've never... or, you know, don't understand exactly what you do with them." a wave of her hand towards the males. "But I do know what it stands for, CFNM, even if I wasn't exactly expecting, but yeah, so we were curious, but we..."
"Still curious?" I interrupt this staccato ramble gently, then, with a laugh, "They sure hope you are." I say motioning towards the males.
As it turns out, Mousy is, in fact, quite curious.
I never do warm up much to Brenda. But in terms of entertainment value, she serves a function similar to an anal probe to elicit amusing and increasingly excited responses from Mathew and Greg. It takes her a bit to get going, glancing back at us to check our reactions as she gets progressively bolder with her camera, but fairly soon Brenda is up close and following Astare's suggestions for better camera angles, kneeling directly in front of them to shoot up between their legs from below.
Chazy, on the other hand, turns out to be enjoyable company; thanking us for our hospitality and accepting our invitation to come sit with us on the bench as we watch Brenda's increasingly 'up close and personal' approach to documenting the local wildlife.
"So, you're saying, the older one, that's..." Chazy, sitting on the bench between Astare and I starts.
"Mathew." I complete the sentence for her. "My husband."
"So the younger one then, Greg you said, right?" she turns to Astare who nods. "He's yours then and you two..."
"My husband?" Astare laughs, "No, a friend." she says easily. "I mean, we get on well enough or I wouldn't have brought him on a four day weekend like this; the CFNM stuff is a couple hours a session, couple times a day; you read the card. He's gotta be decent company the rest of the time. And he is. But we met maybe a month ago and his main interest, then at least, was trying this out. I was a lucky find for him; lots more guys than women are into this, or think they might be anyway. They don't always pan out; the guys I mean. I'm still just breaking this one in, but..." she breaks off, distracted by Brenda out there kneeling on the blanket saying...
"Yeah, facing each other but, that's..." she shifts position slightly as the males turn to face one another and, "yeah, but move in so you're, you know, I wanna get your cocks so they're right up..." she's waving her hands to motion them closer together.
"Feel free to move them yourself." Astare says, casts a quick glance my direction to make sure we're still in sync on how liberal Brenda's user's permit should be.
I jut my chin up in approval. "Handle them as you please." I further clarify Astare's invitation.
"Jesus," Chazy snorts softly in amusement, "you guys really..." shakes her head, but she's smiling as...
"Fuck, yes." a low moan from Greg who turns back to face the kneeling Brenda and takes a step towards her, presenting himself in that open, hips forward, pelvis curled under stance, his balls thrust to within a foot of Brenda's face.
This is a less excusable breach of etiquette than speaking out of turn; a male is not to approach a woman unless directed. It's not their place to make demands of any kind.
"Uhn," Astare grunts softly, "he needs work still. But he's just so..."
"Excitable, yes." I finish for her. Then informationally to Chazy, "The new ones often are. It's kind of sweet, but they do need to learn."
Proper etiquette aside, Brenda does not seem offended, just a bit behind the situational curve. She glances our way and "Handle them, you mean..." she lifts an open hand up between Greg's open legs, stops before making contact, still looking at us with a lifted brow, then, "like grab his balls if I want."
"Sure." I shrug. "But for better pictures you may want to stroke their cocks some to keep them flushed and primed with pre-come for the camera. Or just play a little, have some fun with it. Do what you like, just don't make them come. That's for later."
"No shit." Brenda snorts.
"No shit." I affirm.
And she's off; turning back, that hand finishing its interrupted rise to take Greg's balls, smiling as his penis dances prettily under her gaze.
I motion for Mathew to step up and present himself for handling and soon she's got a set of balls in either hand, her camera hanging free on her neck strap. Both men are moaning softly, their penises pleading to be handled as they bob and flex above her fondling hands.
"Such a nice pair." Astare affirms our previous assessment. "Were you thinking just let her whatever?"
"For a bit anyway." I answer as I watch Brenda's two hands move up to grip the two shafts. "That work for you?" I ask.
"Yeah," Astare says, "I like this; loaning them out to random women. It's a nice kick." Then turning quickly to Chazy. "Random in the sense, you know, this was not originally part of the..."
"I get it." Chazy says, holding up a hand. She's watching Brenda and the two males intently. "But so, this is like what you do, I mean, if we weren't here, it would be like..." she breaks off. "Jeeze," she says softly as she watches.
Brenda, still on her knees, now has both hands loosely wrapped around my husband's cock, holding them still as he thrusts and withdraws his penis through the ring of her fingers. He's looking past Brenda to his audience here on the bench, pausing at the top of each thrust to display his penis as it juts up above her grip before withdrawing to thrust again.
"Playing to the crowd." Astare says with an amused snort. "You've groomed him well, Laura." She adds approvingly. "The man knows his place."
"His place?" Chazy asks. "As what?"
"As entertainment." Astare answers. "See how he does that? Wait, right there;" she says as he, "pauses to show you his cock."
Yes, I think, approving Astare's choice of pronoun; 'you'; make it personal, make mousy own her complicity in this.
"Your eyes are doing more than her hands to pleasure him." I pile on, knowing he's watching us, can hear me, that he will internalize my narrative and...
"Gohhd!" he gasps, thrusting up hard and...
"There, Chazy, look what you do to my husband." I tease as his penis flushes and flexes in confirmation of his wife's invocation of the powers of another woman's gaze.
I confess, the tease is not all for Chazy or even for Mathew. Talking this way, adding verbal captions to the scenes of male sexual obeisance, tweaks some magic narrative clit somewhere deep in my reptilian brain, sending twinges to the one between my legs as I watch my husband's cock throb. He holds himself there, showing Chazy what her 'eyes are doing' to him. He does love showing her that. But what excites him more is acting out the script I've put in his head, auditioning for the part he wants so desperately.
Brenda glances back over her shoulder at us. "C'mon, Chaz." She smirks and waggles my husband's upthrust penis playfully. "Help me pose 'em."
Chazy waves this off with a snort. "You go on." she says.
"Ah but, you should feel free to..." I wave a hand in Brenda's direction, "whatever." I finish pleasantly. "They'd love to have both of you handle and work them. You know that, right?"
"Yeah, maybe. But I'm good." Chazy says. "Happy to watch. And thanks for that. I mean really; I know we crashed your party. But I'm like, more curious about what you had planned for them if we hadn't shown up. Seemed like they were just setting things up and we..."
"That was pretty much TBD." Astare says.
Brenda has moved on with her previous plan to get the males facing one another and "in closer so your cocks are, yeah, right together, let them touch so, yeah," she lifts the camera, focuses, "comparison shot." Takes it, checks the image on her digital screen and, "yeah, like that, a couple more. Girls are gonna love this."
And for the next ten or so minutes, Brenda entertains us with her enjoyment of various tactile and visual uses to which the two males may be put. Posing them kneeling and, as suggested by Astare earlier, on their backs, propped on pillows or face down on the blanket, legs spread, asses lifted to shoot the hang of their cock and balls from behind, checking in occasionally with a glance or quick question to make sure but, "Just don't make them come." we repeat the one condition upon her license.
It's a pleasantly arousing and often amusing backdrop to Chazy's polite but persistent interrogation of Astare's and my intended use and enjoyment of them.
She is interested to learn that Astare and I have never played together before and so this afternoon was to be a somewhat leisurely get acquainted session with no set agenda other than for each of us to make our respective males available to one another, enjoy that special female camaraderie engendered by shared sexual entitlement and dominance as they waited on us over lunch, keeping themselves erect and on display "much like that statuary you were looking for" Astare teases her "and available for whatever we may decide we'd find entertaining."
"Like what?" Chazy asks.
"Well, I had thought," I start, but pause to assure Astare that I'm aware, "we haven't discussed this yet."
"Oh, go on." She says with an easy laugh. "Now's as good a time as any."
"Well, once we get settled and lunch is served, I'd enjoy seeing them edge themselves. Tell them we want a show and that we might ask them for it any time so they need to be primed to give it to us quickly. You and I can just relax and chat over lunch, pay them a little attention every now and then, but you know," I laugh, "make them work for it."
"I'm good with that, mostly." Astare nods. "I like that, the contrast, you and I just chatting and relaxing and them working themselves up. So long as by 'a little attention' you mean to include edging them ourselves now and then. I really like the game, especially with a new cock. I like handling them, that feeling of how helpless they are in my hands."
"Of course." I answer quickly. "Wasn't meaning to limit things other than, you know, stretch it out, keep their balls tight and the pre-come flowing until they're..."
"Yes, yes." Astare cuts in laughing, "Like you said, make them work for it and us. No hurry. Be good discipline for Greg if he can keep it in his balls that long. But you can see how he is." She motions with a snort towards where Brenda now has the two males on their backs on the blanket.
Brenda is kneeling between Gregs spread legs, her camera focused up between them as he strains to lift and hold his hips up off of the blanket. He's looking into the camera, his breath ragged, his penis a deep shade of purple, his balls tight to the root of his cock.
"I mean, I know we told her, and him, not to." Astare says with a sniff. "But look at him. If she said the right thing just now or took him while he's up, all tense and straining that way, he'd just..." she sniffs. "Really, just a touch or a word sometimes when he gets to this point."
"Thatiskind of sweet though." I say. "I mean, not great for planning purposes if it's a group entertainment. But still..."
"Yeah." Astare shrugs. "Don't get me wrong, he's getting better holding back, and he gets it right back up again. He'll come several times a session so it doesn't spoil his show value too much. But, you know, like with the edging games, it can cut things short if he's..."
"Hey, so," Chazy cuts in, "it does kind of sound like we're keeping you from your afternoon; I mean with this." She waves towards Brenda who is now kneeling between my husband's legs for his lift and spread cameo. "I mean, you're being really nice about it and some other time I think I'd like to know more about how this works and all, but..."
"Are you not enjoying this?" I ask.
She baulks slightly, looks thoughtful. Then, "Well, the guys, I mean, I definitely like seeing them this way." soft laugh, "I mean, what's not to like?" she smiles a bit sheepishly. "So again, thanks for that. But Brenda is kind of..." she shrugs, shakes her head.
"Yeah." I agree. And indeed, Brenda's entertainment value is eroding rather quickly in my book. Her brusque manner and haphazard approach had been amusing at first, mostly because of the responses it elicited from the males. But she seems self-absorbed, incapable of nuance and oblivious to any sense of parody; as if, with all the porn out there on the internet, a few snap shots of these two were some erotic coups.
Chazy, by contrast, seems socially adept and relational. Yes, she's complimentary and it's clear now she really does enjoy seeing our two males in this state, but that novel (to her) erotic situation hasn't overridden her social sense. She is appreciative of the chance to observe and genuinely curious as to the range and variety of sexual uses they are available to serve. Yet even in her curiosity, she remains politely deferential to our prior plans and sensitive that her unexpected arrival not unduly interfere with our superior claims to the use and enjoyment of this 'nice pair.' She also seems a bit embarrassed by Brenda's lack of perspective in that regard.
In short, while Brenda is off on her solo quest for travel souvenirs, Chazy demonstrates an intuitive understanding of the feminine camaraderie that underlies the deeper gratifications of the sport.
I have a sudden urge to do something nice to acknowledge her good sense.
"Chaz, Chazy," I say, giving her a warm smile, "is that short for...?"
"It's Charlise," she says with a quick tilt of her head. "which I actually like. But if I tell people Charlise, it always winds up 'Charlie', which people think is cute but I hate. So, Chazy;" she shrugs and laughs, "self defense."
"Charlise then." Astare says from her other side.
She and I exchange silent glances. I nod. She nods.
"What?" Charlise asks, looking from one side to the other.
"Is there anything you might enjoy or be interested in before you go?" I ask.
"With them, you mean?" she asks me, then turns to Astare, "Have them do, you mean?"
"Sure." Astare says with smile. "If something interests you, or maybe you'd enjoy doing yourself if you..."
"No, I'm good just watching." she says quickly. "I mean, thanks, but mostly I was just curious about..." she breaks off distractedly, her eyes straying back out to where Brenda has my husband in that prone, legs spread, hips raised position. She's kneeling up close between his legs holding the camera up with one hand, reaching forward with the other, trying to get pictures as she toys with his balls. 'There. That's my hand.' I imagine her telling her friends proudly as she shares the shots with them.
"Something you'd enjoy watching then." I suggest.
"Uhm, yeah." she says a bit vaguely, then, "I mean," she gains a little color, "I do like watching. I'm not pretending I don't. But you had your own..."
"Come on then." Astare says sweetly. "Brenda's got enough to remember them by. Let's get comfortable on the blanket and see if we can't come up with something you'd like."
"But I don't want to be..." she starts.
"Oh, please." I cut her off easily. "Just join us for a bit. The males are here to entertain. Let's get some better use of them."
"The 'males'." Charlise echoes with a sniff, shakes her head, amused; relents. "Well, okay, but only for a bit. Our bus leaves at 1:30 so we don't have..."
"Splendid." Astare purrs.
Brenda seems confused by the sudden termination of her photo session when we order the males to get busy and finish the last preparations for our picnic. She does accept a glass of wine but otherwise settles down cross legged on the blanket, head down, scrolling back and forth through the pictures she's taken as Mathew and Greg open the umbrella and take various items out of the coolers for our lunch.
The four of us form a circle on the blanket. Astare and I recline on some of the gathered cushions. Charlise sits on the blanket nearby with her legs tucked under, looking comfortable, somewhat pensive but very alert, her gaze following the males attentively as they move about.
"So you were saying about later," Charlise says, looking up at Greg as he approaches carrying an ice bucket with a second uncorked bottle of chilled Pinot Grigio for us, "you'd have them kind of" she pauses a moment as Greg leans down to deposit the wine within convenient reach, "work themselves till they're" another pause as Greg straightens back up. I see her eyes flit from his penis up to his face then back again before he turns away to continue his assigned duties, "work so they're just about to come. I know what edging means so..." she waves away the rest, "But you would just make them do that, and what, just watch?" She turns to me, "You said tell them you wanted a show." she recounts.
I nod. "Yeah. At least if that's what we decide we want." I answer. "It was just a first suggestion. We can do as we please with them. But in a setting like this, especially with a new male to use," I see her expression; she looks slightly puzzled, so explain that, "It's my first time using Greg, and Mathew is new to Astare."
"Oh, yeah, you said." Charlise says with a nod. "But so, you mean like you really..." her eyes scanning across the way to the two males then back and forth between Astare and I.
"Just met." I finish for her, "Over dinner last night actually."
"So these guys are, like, 'new' new." she raises a brow, a bemused smile and shake of her head, then settles her gaze on me, "So with new guys," she pauses, then, "males" she clarifies with a sniff, then makes sarcastic air quotes, "to use" but she's smiling, "making them edge themselves is a good use for new males."
"Well," I smile at her affectionately, "no one is making them do anything. But yes, at least for me. I like it anyway. It keeps the males busy so the women can focus on enjoying each others' company while we tease or ignore them as the mood strikes; puts it on them to keep it entertaining. But with a new male, especially in a setting like this where it's not busy like it gets with a larger group of women all sharing or competing for their attention, I can take my time and make them work and perform just for me, show me how eager and excited they are for it and why they deserve to empty their balls for me..."
"Jesus," Charlise is laughing, shaking her head, "you're fucking seriously into this."
"Well, yes," I agree, "but I also love just talking about it."
"I can tell." she snorts.
Brenda's head is still down scrolling through her pictures, she seems hardly to be listening.
But Charlise is frowning thoughtfully as she watches Mathew approach carrying a tray of finger sandwiches.
"So, they do get to come." she says as he comes to stand over us just outside our little circle. As with Greg I note she is not at all shy about showing her interest, her gaze focused attentively up between Mathew's legs as if trying to ground the conversation visually. "I mean, you let them come at some point, or not?" she asks, her chin lifting and eyes narrowing slightly in concentration.
I sit up quickly and lift my hands to take the tray from Mathew before he leans to set it down, keeping him upright, and "Stay." I instruct to keep him where he is. Then, "We insist upon it." I answer Charlise. "The game is, we decide when and how and they need to be ready to comply whenever and however it's asked for."
"It's really more for them than us." Astare interjects. "I mean, it is fun to watch them edge; see that look on their faces as their penises and bodies beg to be allowed to finish, that little shudder and exhale as it passes and they start working it again, always hoping this time, oh please," she says melodramatically and laughs, "maybe this time they get to come. But what Laura was saying earlier about putting it on them to keep us entertained, that's the sweet spot. She and I are here to enjoy the gardens and have a pleasant picnic lunch. The males are for scenery and erotic ambiance. Like nice live piano music over dinner at a restaurant; not meant to drown out conversation, but enjoyable to pay attention to off and on, worth a polite round of applause now and again for a particularly nice number." She's laughing again, "But for them, they absolutelylivefor their chance to perform, have our attention and interest, the good ones at least."
I am pleased to see that throughout this soliloquy Charlise has been intently examining the particular naked and erect male standing over us listening. That he happens to be my husband and well worth her attention on purely erotic/aesthetic grounds, triggers that familiar proprietary pride and arousal that always enhances my already potent urges to share and see him used for sport by other appreciative women.
"The good ones at least," I echo Astare's sentiment and reach a hand up between my husband's open legs, "like this one." I say and jounce his balls playfully with a flick of my fingers.
"Yes, Laura." Mathew exhales in a sharp whisper, his hips coming further forward to offer himself, his penis flexing.
I glance quickly across at Astare who sits opposite me. Her smile and a quick nod tells me she approves, is interested in seeing where I take this.
It is only now that Brenda manages to pull her head out of her digital anus...
Sorry. But for all that we encouraged her to do it as a way to prod and toy with the males, I can't help but feel an aesthetic contempt for the mental and emotional absorption in 'documentation' of experiences our digital addictions foster; the process of 'capturing' the place, mood or moment replacing life with its vicarious reflection in the curated vacuum of an Instagram post.
Anyway, Brenda does look up and notice my husband there. But, presumably, finding the perspective offered of his genitals already adequately documented by her earlier images, quickly drops her gaze to the platter of finger sandwiches which is of more immediate interest to her.
"You gotta see some of these." she says somewhat absently to Charlise, hefting her camera vaguely in our direction as her eyes scan the sandwiches.
Charlise winces slightly, ignores the comment itself, but offers, "We just met, too." she explains with a meaningful dart of her eyes in Brenda's direction.
"Ah." I respond with raised eyebrows, "I get it."
"Yes." She smiles wanly. But then her eyes go back up between my husband's legs and, "So, you were saying, like this one." she prompts.
"Yes, this one." I purr lifting my hand to flick my husband's balls again, pleased by their now somewhat restricted jounce in the sack, showing me his mounting excitement and arousal at my staging him this way for the curious new woman. "You heard what we were talking about." I say to him, "Edge and display. Show Charlise and Astare what you're good for."
He does.
"Yes, Laura. Thank you." A shudder in his chest, the pent breath of his anticipation released as he takes himself in hand.
From below this way in that open, hips forward stance, the view up between his legs as he works is a pornographic visual clich; it's cock and balls and that fine clenching ass, his knees bending and thighs opening wider now and then in his quickly mounting excitement to 'show Charlise and Astare' as he strokes slowly from base to tip, his thumb behind and only the index and middle finger sweeping the shaft in front to offer a largely unobstructed view of the penis as it flushes and darkens.
It's the little things that so often deepen my pleasure in such moments; those nuances of tone and circumstance that frame and lend context to the exercise of my sexual entitlement. Even things that would seem distractions or annoyances, like Brenda's obliviousness, can enrich the experience.
Brenda does glance up at my husband briefly, but the lure of those sandwiches...
Astare, focused on Mathew, gropes for the platter in her peripheral vision, and drags it towards Brenda, says, "Help yourself."
There is something comical yet also grounding in Brenda's quiet absorption in selecting and devouring a finger sandwich as the male standing over us strokes and gasps as he climbs toward orgasm, pausing now and again, hand driven hard to the base, to accentuate the display of his throbbing penis as Brenda contentedly chews and considers whether to go with the tuna or the ham salad next.
It is, after all, food before sex in the hierarchy of survival. And as for sex, this is surely a Darwinian dead end. He doesn't even get to come if he does it right. Yet, I simply say 'show them' and, just look at him; such visceral, ball tightening desperation over something, in the end, entirely inconsequential; sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Just so, that sweet twinge of amusement and sexual superiority when Greg, seeing Mathew in use, approaches, hoping to be included. But Astare stops him a couple steps short with a raised, open hand, then, without taking her eyes from Mathew, shoos him with an impatient flick of her fingers and a clipt "Not now."
He looks momentarily so forlorn, standing there clutching his erection, meeting my gaze in mute appeal; really, it's so sweet. But sweeter still the way Astare affirms her prerogative with a sniff and to see him turn obediently away, that fine ass flexing as he walks off, a pretty, visual coda to his compliance.
As a proprietor, I am pleased by Astare's dismissal of Greg; her preference to focus on my husband without other distractions feels like an implicit compliment to his show quality. He works so earnestly to be worthy of it, looking back and forth between Astare and Charlise, making eye contact when they occasionally glance up from his cock to see his expression. I enjoy watching them watch as my husband does as he's been told, masturbating himself with their attention as much as that stroking hand.
His excitement mounts quickly now, his penis flushed dark, his balls pulled in to frame the thick root of his cock. I know the signs, that catch in his breathing, the change in his stroking, working just the top portion of the shaft now near the head to tease the frenulum and bring himself just to the edge without...
"Ah, fuhhck." His hand driven hard and tight to the base to clamp the root and keep it in his balls as the penis rears and twitches with ejaculatory dry heaves. "Ah, fuck," he says again his hips jerking reflexively as he meets Charlise's gaze.
Charlise smiles softly, her eyes dropping from his to his cock which she examines with an expression of bemused interest. She draws a deep breath, considering whatever it is she's considering, then glances around the circle at the rest of us as,
"Very nice." Astare says, lifting her wine glass in my direction in a small toast. "It'll be fun to try him myself later; tease him up to it slower. But that's a nice finish." She nods towards his still pulsing cock.
Brenda has her camera up snapping another picture and I notice Charlise shying away to be out of the frame.
"Hey, could you just..." Charlise says and waves the camera away, clearly not wanting to be any part of Brenda's Italy photoshoot.
"Enough pictures." I say, trying to restrain my irritation with Brenda whose digital voyeurism is now spoiling the mood for the real variety.
"Oh, sure." Brenda says, looking baffled, "Sorry." She lowers the camera, "Thought they didn't mind." she says lamely, defensive.
Charlise straightens back up, gives me a wry smile, "Thanks." she says softly, darting her eyes meaningfully in Brenda's direction. Then, "So, I can see having some fun with that." she says, her eyes swinging back up between my husband's legs.
I read her tone, her use of Astare's word; 'fun', and her deliberately calm manner as she scans my husband. She's mirroring the tone and demeanor set by Astare and I; trying, as a good guest, not to be intrusive or disruptive, but to join in and honor the spirit and ambiance of the occasion. She is not feigning interest. She clearly enjoys both the novelty (to her) and sexual aesthetics of my husband's display. But she's equally interested in and curious about the dynamic of shared feminine sexual dominance; what it's like to be 'one of the girls' who can induce and inspire, can command this sort of male obeisance. She wants to fit in, see how it's done, what it's like and whether it's worth exploring further at some other time.
Personally, I feel all women should have the opportunity to explore using males this way, if only as an antidote to the prevailing macho aesthetic. That may be a selfish wish on my part. I love having new playmates to share my husband and a variety of other males with. But I do have a bit of a crusading spirit about it too. I believe it's both healthy and cathartic for any woman, at least once, to take off the passive socio/sexual gloves and use a man, preferably more than one, as an aesthetic object for sexual entertainment.
All that to say, Charlise's demeanor calls forth my crusading spirit and when she asks...
"And you like keeping them on edge like this, at least you were thinking for today, that's how you'd do it, keep them ready to come but don't let them, at least till you're done with lunch. But then you make them, right?"
I decide she simply must have a come-shot to round out her first CFNM experience.
"Oh, it's nothing set in stone." I say with a short laugh. "They come when they're told to. The edging just assures they're prompt about it. Like I said earlier, it's fun keeping them guessing, hoping." I look up at my husband, "On your knees." I tell him.
"Yes, Laura." He moans softly and drops to his knees between Charlise and I on the blanket, quickly assumes position to present his genitals; knees splayed, back arched, hips forward, pelvis tipped upward so his cock points vertically, his balls lifted.
I leave him there, don't say anything right away as he looks from one to another of the women around him. I'm watching for Charlise's reaction to this rather abrupt, more intimate positioning. He is only a couple feet from where she sits, and she had earlier turned down the offer to handle them, and shied away from being included in Brenda's photo. But she doesn't shy away. She meets his gaze calmly when he looks her way, examining his expression with interest before dropping her gaze to his penis.
Astare is all smiles.
It is Brenda, on my other side, who looks uncomfortable, looking away when his gaze comes to hers, fidgeting with the camera in her lap. I realize the lens is her defense against anything too 'personal', a way to mediate the intimacy of a naked aroused and erect male offering himself for viewing this way, so close. Taking photos gives her agency, an 'excuse' beyond raw voyeurism; a busyness that shields her from acknowledging her own complicity as 'one of those women who get off watching this stuff.' She's just saving it all for posterity.
"Again, and keep yourself there." I instruct my husband.
Astare laughs delightedly. "Oh, no rest for the wicked." she taunts him gently.
I realize this is forcing things. He's driven himself very close to ejaculation and been given little time to come back from the edge. Add to that the command to drop to his knees and the excitement induced by displaying in this more intimate position. Even without teasing himself he might just come from the anticipation induced by the command to edge and display again. I half hope he does and can all but picture that lovely penis spasming and spurting helplessly, that expression of mixed release and apology as he bucks and groans,
"Yes, Laura." and shudders, his balls too tight now to jounce with that reflexive buck of his hips.
But as Astare observed earlier, he's been well groomed for service by me and many other women who have honed, conditioned and trained his pleasures to meet and answer theirs. He keeps it in his balls, but the deep flush and frantic twitching of his penis tell me it is a near run thing.
Charlise watches intently, her eyes narrowing, "He almost lost it." she snorts in amusement.
"Would you enjoy that?" I ask.
Her eyes come to mine. "Sure." she says looking surprised, "I mean, I thought you said that was for later and..." she stops herself, waves the rest away, "Like now you mean?"
I nod.
"Yeah, sure." she laughs, focuses on Mathew with fresh interest. "He'll just do it, huh?" she asks.
"Ah, fuck Laura, yes." a whispered moan from my husband, his hand going back to his cock, beginning to slip slowly and lightly up and back the length of the shaft, thumb behind, two finger grazing the front, teasing himself in anticipation.
"He'll do as he's told." I say feeling that familiar pulse of pleasure in my cunt as I verbalize my entitlement to summon the semen from his balls at my whim to amuse my new friends. I look across at Astare, not because I think she will object, but for the pleasure of sharing the moment, making him wait just that little longer for the command that will answer his body's need as the 'committee' considers whether he's deserving of it.
"I suppose." Astare says with a mischievous smirk. "We've got another that'll still be fresh for later." she says with a toss of her head in Greg's direction.
I look across to where Greg stands a few yards off. I've glanced his way once or twice in the interim, seen him working his penis, pleasuring himself as he watched and listened from a distance. I can tell by the flush of his cock, the way his body shudders slightly, that pleading expression when he sees me looking at him, that the excitement of seeing us use my husband has got him worked up nicely.
Astare's off hand reference to a 'fresh one' for later reminds him she knows he's over there watching and listening and that we'll expect the same from him later. A woman after my own heart; using one male's ejaculation to taunt and prod another. They are so visually empathic that when edging themselves in a group the sight of one male's spurting will often trigger another and then another. It's cute how helpless they can be to shut it off when they see each other come. Greg should make an interesting sideshow as he dutifully strokes and watches.
"Wait," Brenda says looking back and forth between the two males, "are they gonna come now?" her hands fretting again with the camera in her lap.
Charlise frowns, pointedly ignoring Brenda, and misreading Astare's taunting of Greg as actual reticence, "Like I said, I don't mean to make you change your plans just for..." she begins, considerate as always.
"Don't be silly." Astare cuts her off gently. "there's no fixed plans, and I've been curious to see this one put out since dinner last night." she says meeting my husband's gaze meaningfully.
"Ah, fuck!" Mathew groans softly, his hand going still, he clutches his cock at the base, trying not to come until he's told.
The way he looks at me now is so perfect; just a word, a nod, the flick of my hand to grant his release and that penis will spasm and spurt. I love having other women see him this way, want to keep him there, pleading for the mercy of that final word or gesture that alone can render his ejaculation an act of compliance with and obeisance to the feminine will. He needs to come, yes, so badly. But even more he needs to feel and know it's demanded of and accepted from him as an act of submission.
I withhold grace. Let him watch me as I survey that pulsing penis in his grip with casual pleasure as Astare is saying,
"Besides, we don't want you missing your bus and after getting his hopes up like this," she pauses, waits for Mathew's anxious gaze to swing back and meet hers, "I think he'd be justsodisappointed not to show you." she says sweetly.
It's a signal and trigger, of course; to any male in service, the feminine assertion of opinion or expectation in matters sexual, summons the visceral impulse to affirm the opinion or meet the expectation. The fact that it is a conditioned response only makes it more gratifying for both; the puppy who sits obediently when told, pleases his mistress but also basks in her approval for performing well. A skilled handler knows the requested performance must align with the natural tendencies and inclinations of the male; one cannot teach a puppy chess, but 'fetch' can be fun for the owner and exciting for a breed inclined to the chase.
Astare, a skilled handler familiar with the breed, frames the assertion to summon the impulse. My husband knows the performance expected. The urge, the need to do it was there already, straining at the leash. But the expectation intensifies the impulse and heightens his excitement to demonstrate to Charlise just how right Astare is about him and how 'disappointed' he would be if she left without seeing him ejaculate.
"Please." his voice tight, he shifts on his knees to face her directly, his hands falling away to hang at his side as he curls his pelvis under to present for her, "Let me, please. Let me come for you."
I see the sincerity of his plea in the hard clench of his ass as I watch from behind.
"You see?" Astare says in smug satisfaction, her eyes meeting mine in sisterly approval and enjoyment.
I nod to acknowledge the compliment, then look past Mathew to Charlise who, to my relief seems unruffled; wearing that same slightly bemused, curious expression, adjusting her glasses slightly on the bridge of her nose as she surveys him, considers. Her eyes shift slightly, meet mine.
"Say the word." I tell her, letting Mathew know the baton of prerogative over his release has now passed to Charlise.
"Ah, fuck." A reflexive buck of his hips, a hoarse "Please."
"Fine." Charlise sniffs, a slight shrug and smile, "Go on then, but," she twirls a finger at him, "that way." She directs him to turn back towards the middle of the circle.
I sense in that little twirl of her finger, the poise and self-possession of a natural sportswoman coming into her own. Whatever she may have known or guessed about the sport before stepping into our little alcove, having listened to and observed the sexual dynamic for less than an hour, she already exhibits both the confidence of entitlement and the ease of privilege in its exercise.
So she makes no grand gesture, no melodramatic pronouncement; a shrug, a smile, a slight twirl of her hand, a simple 'Go on then', and his semen shall be offered as directed. Charlise seems to grasp intuitively how to tap the deeper pleasures of imperium; we sip our wine and chat, enjoy the show at our leisure. The melodrama, the angst, the pleading and display, the visceral clench, buck and shudder of flesh under the tease and prod of whatever use we put them to; that istheirsto provide for our entertainment.
That little twirl of her hand... Welcome, Charlise, to the sisterhood.
Brenda, on the other hand, seems slightly alarmed when Mathew turns back in her direction. Her body draws back slightly, her eyes darting around the circle.
"So he's gonna come." she says or asks (not clear which, but either way) needlessly, her eyes dropping now to where Mathew's hand has begun to gently stroke and tease his already hypersensitive penis. "I mean..." she frets again with the camera in her lap.
"Yes." Charlise answers, then, looking to me, "I don't want to be in them, but I can just," she motions with her eyes towards Astare, "if Brenda wants pictures. Besides," she grins then turns and stretches out on her side on the blanket towards Astare, propped on an elbow, head resting on her hand, "better view from here." she says surveying Mathew from this new vantage.
"Ah, fuck, yes." Mathew rasps, his hand slipping to the base of his cock to display it to best advantage for Charlise, his gaze fixed on her as she eyes it.
"Very nice." Charlise says approvingly. Then, looking to me again, "Will he shoot it this far?" she asks. "I don't mind, just curious."
Which, predictably, makes my husband buck and moan, his knees splaying wider on the blanket.
Astare is laughing. "Fuck, girl, you are just the perfect tease, aren't you?" she compliments the new girl. "I think you're in the wrong tour group."
And we are all laughing now, except for Brenda who eyes my husband's penis with mild trepidation as he goes back to stroking it, as if worried he might, in fact, shoot his semen far enough to reach her.
Well, I consider, not without a twinge of pride in his ejaculatory show quality, he just might.
He could come very quickly now if it were only a matter of mechanics. But the effusion of semen is, in many ways, incidental to his need. Now that he knows it's wanted, the pleasure of performing for the group, being the focus of three new women and knowing the pleasure I take in sharing him this way, he wants to meet my expectations and provide a good show. He knows not to drag things out too long, but the audience always likes a little build up and anticipation, the sense that the male understands his role and is making the effort to entertain properly.
His stroking is slow and light, those two fingertips brushing the front of the shaft, the thumb behind leaving most of the penis visible, the light touch allowing it to twitch and bob freely in pre-ejaculatory spasms as he keeps himself on edge.
I grow tired of Brenda's fidgeting, decide it's the lesser of two evils to just let her,
"Take pictures if you want." I tell her.
"Cool. Thanks." she says and hurriedly lifts the camera to mediate the moment. Then, "Ah, yeah," she purrs as she looks now through the lens and focuses, "the girls will love this." Leaning in, suddenly unconcerned with speculation on seminal trajectories.
I know he'd like to bask in our attention and interest a bit longer, but I also know this is one stimulus too many for my husband's restraint. His hand goes still once more and clutches the base of his penis hard to keep the come in his balls as the shaft spasms and Brenda's shutter clicks. I know when he strokes again, he'll come.
"Ah, Laura," Astare sighs happily, "I think this one could turn out to be best in show for the weekend."
Charlise rolls her eyes. "The way youtalk." she laughs.
'Best of show'; I leave him there for a moment to reward him, because, really, it is so lovely seeing him this way in front of other women. But now for his big moment.
"I want Brenda to have a good come-shot to share with her girlfriends." I tell him, doubling down.
"Go on." Charlise, reclining comfortably, repeats her earlier command. "Come for the camera."
He does.
A single sweep of the shaft and then his hand falls away. The penis bobs prettily, slinging a droplet of pre-come from the tip, casting a fine strand of viscous liquid to glisten a moment in the afternoon sun, like a fisherman's line cast from the rod, till snaped by the quicker, harder spasm of the shaft, flexing back and ejecting a rope of the pent up semen from his balls. He knows I like to see the penis flex and spurt on its own as the male comes, so leaves it free to dance for us as he bucks and gasps,
"Here's my come! Here's my come!"
Brenda's shutter clicking.
Astare nodding in approval at each spurt, smiling smugly.
Charlise, darling Charlise, watching intently with lifted chin and a slight frown, like an art student examining an Italianate fresco.