Big few days – chronicles of a nympho wife.
DAY ONE.
It was a scorching hot day and I was really tired. The office had been very busy, and I needed to relax. I decided to lay out and get some sun, and so changed into my new thong, grabbed some sunscreen, a hat, a drink, and headed out the back.
Blowing a little more air into my inflatable sun lounge, I climbed on, put my plastic cup into the drink holder, adjusted my sunnies, and grabbed the screen. The heat from the sun was nice, and the coolness of the water below me made a lovely contrast as I squirted a generous amount of lotion into my hand.
Slowly I rubbed some on my arms, legs, stomach, and then, squirting some more into my hand, I covered my exposed boobs in screen and enjoyed rubbing it all over my breasts, making my sensitive nipples tingle with just a little arousal.
I took a sip of my iced water, flicked on my iPod, then closed my eyes and relaxed and listened to the music as I soaked up the sun.
Ahhhh, bliss.
I floated around on the surface of the pool for a while, and was beautifully warm. About ten songs later, I felt it was time to flip over and get some sun on my back.
I carefully rolled over on the sunlounge, making sure not to fall in, and made myself comfortable as my cold bum felt the warmth of the sun. Reaching again for the sunscreen, I realised covering my bum in screen whilst balancing on the surface of the water was easier said than done! Anyway, I managed to spread some around my exposed cheeks and generally in the right places to prevent being badly burnt if I happened to fall asleep.
I closed my eyes, turned down the music in my ears, and began to doze in the midday sun.
Heaven.
A while later, and I truly had no idea exactly how much later, I was startled awake by something. Pulling the earphones from my ears, I heard a sound near the fence and turned to see what it was.
Putting my hand up to block out the sun, I saw what it was.
"Ned? Is that you?" I said, seeing my older neighbour on his back in the middle of my hedge!
"Ahh. Yes, Dee. It's me. Very embarrassed to say, but yes, it is me! Fell off the damn ladder trying to trim the hedges. I'm really sorry to have interrupted you. Just let me gather myself up and get back to my place to finish off a little more carefully."
"Well hang on, Ned" I said, "How did you fall off the ladder exactly? Were you trimming the hedges or were you spying on me?" I asked, a hint of sexiness in my voice as my neighbour stood up and brushed off the leaves and dirt from his shirt.
"Truth be known sugar, I was happily trimming away when I almost had a heart attack seeing you there almost butt naked. I leaned forward to make sure I wasn't seeing things, and 'bam', fell off the damn ladder and tumbled into your hedge here."
"Why Ned! I'm shocked!" I teased, actually a little aroused that I had managed to excite my widower neighbour whom Steve and I had known for years.
"Well honey, you girls will wear those damn tiny bathing suits. Don't know why you bother to be truthful. Hardly hides anything truth be told."
"And what's wrong with that?" I asked, smiling and lifting my boobs off the mattress just a little more, giving him a hint off nipple to digest with his eyes.
"I ain't saying there's anything wrong with it. In fact, I don't mind it at all. Just was never an issue back in my day when Rose and I were courting."
"Why don't you come over here and take a better look then?" I said now pushing up onto my bum, my naked breasts fully on show for Ned to see.
"Holy shit, Dee" he said, "I haven't seen a prettier set of boobs than those since I was thirty!"
"Well, I see you quite enjoy the rest of me too, or is that dick of yours telling lies?"
His penis was bulging in his shorts, sticking out like a lewd signpost. It turned me on incredibly, despite the fact he was old enough to be my dad.
I dropped my g-string bikini bottom and removed it completely, exposing my whole body to Ned. I then relaxed my head back and spread my legs, before reaching down to my clitoris and giving it a play, making it moist in just a few seconds as Ned watched in awe.
"Come and join me" I said, indicating that he should take out his hard cock and play with himself too.
Ned stepped onto the decking and pulled out his cock.
We didn't say a word after that. I kept fingering myself and Ned stroked his cock, until I managed to push three fingers into my cunt. Ned moaned loudly, stroking himself furiously. I have no idea how long it was since he had cum, but he suddenly pointed his cock in the air, before a massive jet of cum spurt forth and landed on the decking. It was awesome, and the three spurts that followed were also impressive.
"Wow, Ned. How long's it been?"
"Almost a year to be honest. Don't really have the energy much these days. Much obliged!"
"Hey – you're not finished yet neighbour!" I said. "What about me?"
Without a moment's hesitation, I put my hands behind my head, offering my exposed cunt to him tongue and fingers as I lay on my sunbed in the pool.
Removing his clothes completely, Ned dropped his naked body into the cool water and approached me. As he reached me, he took me by the ankles and dropped his head to my pussy. His tongue found my bulging clit easily, and I smiled to myself at the knowledge older guys have when it comes to women. Anyway five minutes later old Ned had me thrashing and cumming in my pool as his fingers probed my pussy and asshole and his tongue lashed my clit to orgasm.
He was sensational.
He kept going till I had stopped cumming, then reached up, gave my boobs a gentle caress, then a squeeze, and got out of the water.
"Sorry about the hedge, neighbour" he said, gathering up his clothes and closing the gate behind him as he left the yard and returned home.
I was so fucking horny it was unfair.
I reached for my glass and took a sip, as my mind came down from the orgasmic high my neighbour had just given me. I decided to head inside and scratch the itch that Ned had created licking me to orgasm in the pool.
In my bedroom I selected my dolphin vibrator and flicked the switch, sending a nice buzz through my fingers. Setting out my pillows, I leaned back and spread y legs once more, then positioned my vibe right on my already swollen clit. As I started to get highly aroused, I grabbed a jelly dog and started to work it into my hungry cunt. I was yearning for a good fucking, but only had the dong to satisfy my yearnings as I masturbated. I pushed the dong into my pussy and fucked myself repeatedly, enjoying the sensations of being fucked and having my clit buzzed too. As I pushed in and out, going deeper every time, my walls began to contract and the orgasm took me over completely. I closed my eyes, bit my lip and crashed through into a fantastic climax as I fucked myself silly on my bed.
DAY TWO
The next day I was due to fly to the Queensland for business. The annual real estate conference was on again. This time it was on the Gold Coast, a part of Australia I loved, and knew very well. I had holidayed there many times, and had some lifelong friends that lived on the coast. I asked Steve to come with me, but he had too much on, and so I headed off alone for the three day conference.
Having had a successful business of our own for a few years now, Steve told me to splurge and stay somewhere really nice. I had enough frequent flyer points to upgrade to business class, and so I was planning to just enjoy the conference, splurge a little and enjoy some relaxation away from the office. I booked a really nice suite at the Moroccan, right on the beach at Surfer's Paradise.
Dropping me off at the airport, Steve kissed me passionately before helping me with my suitcase and carry bag. I checked in, grabbed a coffee and boarded the flight. I sat in the nice wide seats of business class, and enjoyed the short flight north – sipping on a cold champagne and enjoying a few fererro rocher chocolates along the way.
Landing on the coast, I was met by a driver in one of those cool new Dodge cars, the ones with the big chunky grill at the front and the massive wheels. I knew because Steve was looking at getting one and trading in his beamer! Something about a mid-life crisis I reckon!
Anyway, the ride was nice, and the driver, Eric, dropped me at the hotel, and helped me with my bag. I tipped him generously and felt very much the business woman as I checked in and was shown to my room on the 17th floor.
The view was spectacular, and I stepped out onto the small balcony to take in the wonderful sight the gold coast beaches always present. Golden sands, rolling waves and plenty of sunshine. Tourists everywhere in the water. The locals knew better, for it was only September and they only go in when the water warms up.
I was due to sign in at the conference at 2.00pm for drinks, followed by the trade day demonstrations, and then the corporate dinner official opening at 7.00pm.
I dressed smart casual for the afternoon session, and headed off in a cab to the convention centre near the Jupiter's Casino where the conference was being held. I signed in, collected my name tag and my bag of conference goodies, before wandering into the large welcoming area for a champagne.
"Dee!" a voice said behind me.
I turned to find Sharon Wilson, a lifetime friend in the real estate game beaming at me. "Sharon! Hi!"
The next hour we chatted, sipped some more champagne, checked out the latest developments, software, sales techniques, and generally caught up.
We arranged to meet again for the dinner, and I headed back to the hotel to relax and freshen up. I had a quick nap, showered, shaved, and generally primped myself. I always liked to make a big impression, and had selected a new flowing three quarter length red cocktail dress for the evening. It featured tiny spaghetti straps over the shoulders, a built in push up bra halter top, and I have to admit hugged my body rather nicely. On my feet I put my new Prada slingbacks with the five inch heels. I am addicted to sexy shoes, and these were the perfect addition to the red dress.
I sat with Sharon at the dinner, and although it was not boring, the speakers were not exactly mind blowing. Sharon was also flirting brazenly with two agents who had flown in from Sydney and were seated at our table. There was also a group of four, one woman and three men, from Cairns rounding out our table of eight. The woman from Cairns was much younger, and was clearly the office bimbo, wearing a tiny tank top which struggled to contain her amazing breasts, and a very short black lycra mini skirt with huge heels. The three men leered over her all through the meal and the speeches, and I giggled a little as I thought back to my early days in the real estate game with my boss, Al. I used to think of myself as his office bimbo, and here I was witnessing a gorgeous young woman repeat my years of flirting and teasing.
She was quite good, I have to admit. Her batting eyelids, luscious red lips and heaving cleavage did much to maintain the interest of her suitors! When the dinner was over, we all headed out for a drink and found ourselves at a nice little club in Surfer's. All eight of us crammed in to a booth and ordered some drinks, chatting and laughing together as we enjoyed unwinding.
An hour later, and after two more drinks, I was certainly feeling no pain. Sharon, hopelessly drunk, was all over the two guys she had met at dinner, and was practically falling out of her dress. Not wanting to be the odd one out in this little threesome, I decided to excuse myself and make my way back to my hotel room. One of the guys from the Cairns crew, James, offered to escort me to the taxi rank, and so we walked out, chatting and giggling together as we waited for my turn in the cab queue.
"So, Dee, is there a Mr. Dee?" he asked, his eyes catching me by surprise with their blueness.
"As a matter of fact, yes, there is. Steve is back home running the agency while I'm up here lazing about with you lot!"
"Me too," he replied. "Sandra runs the office and I run the sales team. Jackie, Ted and Don are in my team. This is my little reward for them for making their sales target this year."
The concierge signalled my turn had arrived.
"Well, I guess this is where I head off" I smiled.
"Shall I join you for a night cap?" asked James, just like that.
My mind raced. I was rather tipsy, and, as a result, VERY horny. I wasn't certain I wanted anything more to happen, and I certainly hadn't even considered it when James took me by surprise, but my instincts and urges took over.
"That might be nice" I said, my eyes inviting him to join me and take his chances with me, rather than heading back to the very drunk Sharon and the slutty Jackie who was busily being pawed by her co-workers Ted and Don.
The cab ride was short, and we soon found our way to my suite at the Moroccan. Entering slowly, James took in the view and headed out onto the balcony, overlooking the ocean below and taking in the view further up the Gold Coast. I went to the fridge and poured two iced waters. I knew I had had enough to drink, and wanted to keep a relatively clear head for the next short while. If something was to happen, I wanted it to be the result of a clear decision on my part, and not some drunken moment I would regret the next morning.
I strolled out to join James on the balcony, and passed him the water.
"Mmmm, just what I needed," he said, sipping the ice water as he smiled at me.
We chatted a little, and I became more comfortable with him as we sounded out each other and begun playing the sexy get to know you better games that people considering fucking each other's brains out play. Steve and I had an agreement about each other's need for extra-marital sex, but truth be known I had rarely acted on it. I was in the mood to change that as we laughed and enjoyed the night sky on the balcony.
"Fancy a spa?" I asked, my nipples hardening with the developing sexual tension between us.
"Are you...sure?" he stuttered, his mind taking in the logical conclusion to be drawn from my offer.
"Absolutely. My feet are killing me and I cold use a good water massage."
"Well, in that case, how could I possibly refuse?"
I walked inside, still wearing my red outfit and heels, and ran the water in the king size spa I the corner of the suite. It sat on a pedestal surrounded on two sides by mirrors, and opening out towards the balcony where James was still standing.
As the water ran, all sorts of horny thoughts were racing through my mind. I was certain James was more nervous than I. I also considered him to be younger than me, and it occurred to me that perhaps he had never done anything like this, chatting up a strange woman outside his marriage. He'd mentioned a girl, Sharon, but hadn't stated if she was his wife, girlfriend or partner.
I decided to take control of the situation. I went to the bed and removed my red dress, and then my panties. Leaving on my heels, I turned to face where James was standing. He was facing away from me, still looking at the view from the balcony. I walked across the tiled floor, and approached James. I placed my hand on his shoulder, and as he turned to face me, he was startled by my state of undress.
I smiled, and reached for his head with my hand, pushing my lips to his as we kissed for the first time. It was VERY passionate. My tongue snaked it's way inside his mouth, and we tongue kissed each other for several minutes right there on the balcony, in full view of anyone watching us from the neighbouring towers.
As we kissed, my hand dropped to James' crutch, finding a nice, firm penis It was not overly large, but was very hard and I knew James was pretty worked up. He began to undress as we struggled to keep kissing. I decided to change tack, and dropped to my knees, naked in my Prada heels right there on the balcony.
As James removed his shirt I unzipped his pants and his belt, revealing his penis, before slowly taking it into my hungry mouth. I licked, sucked and made it totally wet with my saliva, before engulfing it in one of my sloppy blow jobs I was known for. He was VERY hard by now and I was totally getting off blowing him knowing that others might be watching us across the way from the other hotels.
I stopped momentarily, allowing James to remove his trousers, shoes and socks, before resuming my head. I used one hand and sucked forcefully on his cock, until I was able to get it all inside my mouth the way Steve loves me to blow him. I know James was impressed when I deep-throated him, because he moaned, laughed a little and then gripped me by the hair, before pushing his dick even further into my expert throat.
I blew him for about three or four minutes, until James suddenly flinched.
"Stop, Dee. Look, there's a guy watching us!"
I removed his hard cock from my mouth, and stopped sucking him off to take a look at the guy he had told me was watching us. Sure enough, a guy about fifty, was standing on his own balcony across the way smiling with a drink in his hand. He raised his drink as he realised we were aware he was enjoying the show. He was about thirty metres away, and I could make out his face. I smiled at him, blew him a kiss, then resumed sucking the erect penis in front of me, enjoying the knowledge that not only was James enjoying the blow job I was giving him, but that the guy over the way was also getting off watching me suck cock. I kept staring at the watcher, all the while sucking deply on James' lovely cock in my mouth. It felt very slutty, but also totally hot to be sucking one man while being watched by another.
The arousal of the situation I was involved in got to me, and I reached down to frig my own clit as I sucked the cock in my mouth. Fuck it was hot!
By now he man watching us was was openly wanking his cock as he watched us perform. I went mad, and sucked and sucked as I fingered my own cunt towards orgasm.
Suddenly I felt James flinch once more, but this time he didn't stop me. Instead he tensed up, grunted and then exploded a massive load of hot cum into my mouth. I was stunned but turned on, and did my best to swallow his load. It was too much. A large glob spilled out the side of my mouth and dribbled down onto my boobs as I continued to suck on the now deflating cock in my mouth. I kept frigging my own pussy, but the sudden eruption of cum into my mouth was too much, and I was unable to cum.
My knees ached a little from the time spent sucking off James on the balcony, and so I stood to flex my legs. As I did, I looked over towards my watcher, and found him about to cum too! I momentarily left James, who was recovering from his orgasm that had just filled my throat, and I squeezed my boobs together, playing with my nipples and licking my lips as I stared him in the face.
"Cum for me, baby!" I shouted to him.
"Arrgghhh....here I go!" he moaned, before spurting a lovely large jet of cum into the air from his own balcony, closely followed by another and then another.
It was an awesome sight to watch this guy wank off to me across the abyss from his own hotel. I marvelled as the white gooey liquid arced high, before gliding all the way down to the footpath below. It was amazing! I looked down, standing there naked, and marvelled that nobody happened to be walking along the street at that moment. God would they have got a surprise to be cum on had they chosen that moment to venture out!
I clapped my hands, and wiggled my bum at the stranger, before turning in my heels and walking back inside the hotel room to turn off the spa taps. It was now full, and James has removed the rest of his clothes.
I leaned against the spa and slowly, teasingly removed my heels. I wiped James sperm from my face, scooping up the remnants on my lips and chin before slurping the cum into my mouth and swallowing exaggeratedly.
James laughed.
"You nasty, nasty bitch!" he said, in a complimentary way.
"I try" I replied, before stepping into the spa and pouring in a generous amount of bubble bath.
I flicked on the jets, and the bubbles started to reproduce until I was covered in a lather of bubbles sitting just above my boobs. James grabbed two more iced waters and came to the spa, before climbing in and joining me in the warm water. I glanced out towards the neighbour and noticed that he was now watching us through binoculars. Once more I blew him a kiss, and noticed him leave the window. I was a little disappointed, but James hands on my legs snapped me back to attention.
In the water James decided to return the favour, ad lifted me up to allow him to eat my pussy. I relaxed backwards until my pussy was above the water level, and delighted as James' tongue snaked it's way across my clit and began flickering back and forth. He was pretty good, and the fact I was already totally aroused by the events on the balcony, made me realise that I was quite close to cumming. I closed my eyes, breathed deeply, moaned and lay back to enjoy being licked as I lay in the hot tub. His hands now gripped my thighs and I grabbed him by the hair and forced my clit towards him for more attention.
Suddenly the orgasm swamped my body and I thrashed into a full blown cum as I spasmed in the spa and splashed water all over the floor of the suite. It was wild. To his credit, James kept the pressure just right with his tongue as my thighs instinctively tried to trap his face in it's licking position. I'm not sure how he managed to breathe as I fucked his face through my orgasm, but I didn't care! I came like I hadn't in ages, and finally relaxed in the warmth, sinking down moaning as James came up for air, his face covered in bubbles from sucking my cunt to climax!
Just as I started to relax and come down from my orgasmic high, there was a knock at the door!
"Your husband?" asked James, momentarily forgetting what I'd said before about Steve staying back to look after things at the office.
I laughed.
"Of course not, you big chicken! Besides, if it WAS Steve, he'd only want to watch you fuck me before joining in!"
"Well then who the hell could it be?" he asked, jumping out of the water and grabbing a robe, his penis still stiff from arousal after licking me to orgasm.
I stayed in the spa and dropped below water level, the remaining bubbles hiding my boobs from view as James timidly opened the door. I heard voices, but couldn't make out the conversation.
Moments later, I was shocked to see not one, but TWO men re-enter the room, whilst I sat soaking in a hot tub having just finished orgasming! James, a look of surprise and uncertainty on his face, was followed by a familiar face, and I mocked horror as I realised the identity of the second man.
It was my peeping tom from across the balcony – the man from the other hotel! He must have enjoyed our little performance so much he had come across and found where we were!
"Saw your light on, babe. Thought you might like some more company! My names Ian. Mind if I join you?"
I was surprised by his confidence, but also taken by it. I really like men who are cocksure, and this guy was right up there, having already masturbated with me as he watched me give a blow job on the balcony earlier.
"Come on in, the water's fine" I said, indicating that he should join me and hop in.
A flash of clothing later and both Ian and James were in the tub with me, a man on each side as we chatted and broke the ice for the second time that evening.
As we made small talk, I snaked a hand across to Ian's crotch, and found a delightfully thick penis already hardening in my hand. On the other side, I had James smaller cock also in my fist, pumping it slowly as we talked and introduced each other.
It seemed Ian was also in town for business, and had noticed me undress in my red dress. He said he initially thought I was alone, but was totally turned on when he realised I was with James, and even more excited to watch me suck his cock so openly in front of him on the balcony.
I was now naked in the spa, having just been licked to orgasm, sandwiched between two men I had met that night, their cocks in my hands knowing that we would shortly be indulging in some further carnal action. I knew it was wrong, and that many would judge me harshly, but I didn't care. I was horny, tipsy, and had two men in my hands ready to fuck me. I was in sexy wife heaven.
I leaned in towards Ian and kissed him, having given his dick a large squeeze as his tongue sought my own, his hand finding my breast. On my other side, James also took a breast in his hand and fondled me as his tongue found my neck, licking and biting my flesh as I played with his cock. I was loving it, and my whole body tingled as my two lovers started to work me over, all the while my own hands playing with the two cocks in my possession under the water.
Before long, we were all involved in a major orgy, as I spread my legs and let the two men finger my pussy which was now very wet. I felt fingers from both men moving inside me as I played with their cocks and alternated kisses between them. I had a leg over the thigh of each of my lovers now, my pussy totally accessible to whatever they wanted as we played. It was sensationally sexy foreplay and I was loving it. I was no thrusting my pussy towards the invading fingers in my cunt, as I headed towards the second orgasm within half an hour!
Shortly after, as Ian's tongue pushed inside my mouth once more, and his other hand found my bottom, I came like a thunderbolt on the probing fingers deep inside my sopping pussy. Once more I thrashed and shook as the orgasm took over my body between my male lovers. I felt my nipples swelling as James sucked them hard, the climax causing them to throb and bloat as I came. Ian kept kissing me through the orgasm, and as I started to come down from my second climactic high of the night, I gave the two dicks in my hands a really hard squeeze.
Relaxing back and slowly taking their fingers from my pussy, both my lovers stood up and I knew what they wanted. I wanted it too.
I rose to my knees and took the two penises into my mouth at once, jamming the erect heads into my hungry mouth before starting to take it in turns sucking them properly. Ian's was thicker and also a fair bit longer, and I had some trouble getting much of it inside my throat. I knew I could suck James' cock easily, having swallowed his cum already once that night in front of Ian. The only difference was that Ian was now in the spa with us, his cock also in my mouth now!
I continued to suck both men for a good ten minutes, stopping only when I felt either of them start to grunt in a pre-orgasm state. I teased them on and on, until Ian pulled his cock from my mouth, picked me up and said,
"Babe, let's get on the bed and get serious, or you're gonna kill me with that mouth of yours!"
James didn't argue, even though he had the advantage of cumming already once that night. Towelling ourselves dry, Ian poured three drinks and we all adjourned to the king size bed, where I was determined to explore the boundaries of what was possible between two men and one woman when they all want to fuck, free of emotional ties.
I sipped my drink, feeling quite thirsty, then lay myself down, quickly joined by my two lovers who immediately set to fingering my pussy again as they kissed and sucked on my erect nipples once more. It was heaven!
Girls, let me tell you truthfully, that, until you've fucked two men at once, you have NOT experienced pleasure.
Soon after we kissed and fingered each other, I asked James to fuck me. I wanted to save the larger dick for later, and so James positioned himself between my legs as Ian knelt beside my head and offered me his cock to suck once more. I eagerly slurped t the dick in my mouth, as I felt the delightful insertion of James cock as he pushed it into my wet cunt. I adore that feeling every time a dick enters me, and the fact that I was also giving another man a blow job as I was entered, made it all the more erotic.
James dick slipped into me nicely, and whilst not overly big, he was erect and soon began a wonderful smooth motion of fucking me, his hands gripping my breasts as he pumped me up and down. I enjoyed the fucking immensely, and was totally enthralled with the pleasure that kept overtaking my body. Ian's hand fell to my clitoris, that was now totally swollen and obvious as James fucked me and I sucked his cock. My breathing became laboured as the working of his finger on my clit caused me to start cumming once more! Yes, he gave me my third orgasm within an hour and I was overcome with total fucking abandon as I jammed my spasming cunt down on James cock as he fucked me. In my mouth Ian's cock was at risk of being bitten off, my teeth actually sinking into his flesh as his finger kept flickering my bulging, throbbing clit.
My eyes rolled back in my head and I actually think I blacked out for a few moments, because when I awoke, Ian was on my chest tit fucking me, as James continued to pump his cock in my cunt.
I needed a breather, so I asked them to stop. I scrambled to my knees and wiggled my ass cheeks in the air, indicating that one of the men fuck me from behind, doggie style. Ian took charge, and positioned himself behind me, the head of his fat cock hot and throbbing at my pussy entrance. He was as good a tease as I was, and he slowly eased the first inch or so of his delightful cock into me, his hands gripping my hanging boobs as he fucked me. In front of me, James offered me his pussy soaked cock and I eagerly took it onto my mouth, sucking him wildly as I found myself in a spit roast position on the bed between my two hot lovers. Ian was a wonderful fuck, and I figured that this wasn't his first threesome, and I not the first married woman he had fucked whilst away from home. I didn't care because he was one of the best fucks I had experienced in years, his gorgeous fat cock and staying power making me moan and groan in absolute pleasure as I sucked the erect penis in my mouth.
I moved in perfect rhythm with the two cocks that were fucking me. As I rolled my hips backwards to jam the fat cock deeper into my pussy, I withdrew my mouth and slid my tongue and lips along the shaft I was sucking. Then, as I rolled forward to suck the cock in my throat and mouth once more, slurping my tongue along it's base, I would slide my sopping cunt off the length of the shaft fucking me, before reversing the roles and repeating the whole fucking action, my eyes closed as I moaned and luxuriated in the sensation of being fucked in both ends at the same time.
This rocking back and forth with the three of us fucking in perfect unison continued for about ten minutes. It was sublime, and amazingly, I felt myself approaching my fourth orgasm for the night, but fate was against me this time! Ian, who had shown remarkable control and sensational fucking ability, suddenly gripped my hips hard, causing me to shriek and momentarily stop sucking James' cock in my mouth. He thrust into my pussy so deep I thought his dick was going to come out of my mouth, and I suddenly felt the tight spasming off his cock as he started to pump his semen inside me. It felt warm, no, hot, and each gush filled my pussy to the brim until I could feel his cum oozing out of my cunt walls as he pumped and pumped. Finally he stopped cumming, and his now softening cock popped from my pussy and Ian collapsed into a heap on the couch in the corner.
James decided it was time to fuck again, and moved around to get behind me, pushing his penis into my already cum soaked pussy. I felt him instantly inside me, the heat from his cock mixing with the warm semen that already soaked me. Being fucked by the second cock for the night in my already well used pussy was an amazing feeling. I loved it! I rocked back and forth on James' cock for ages. The blow job I had given him earlier that night on the balcony had caused him to stay hard longer the second time, and he was really able to fuck me good! We made lots of noise, and the combined juices inside my pussy squelched as we made love in front of Ian who was now just watching us on the bed as he sat there playing with his flaccid cock and sipped from his drink, exhausted.
I wanted to cum bad, and so I called him over, and told him to get underneath me and suck on my clit as James pounded me relentlessly. He was very talented, and after about four or five minutes, his tongue brought me to my fourth orgasm, that had been ripped from me earlier when he started to cum inside me. Now my orgasm was also the trigger for James to start cumming, and we all combined to form a mass of screaming, moaning, cum soaked, orgasming mess! James filled my pussy once more with a load of semen, as I climaxed an amazing fourth time in the company of these two studs.
Finally James fell back onto the floor from the bed, and James lapped at my sopping pussy until I reached down and stopped him. My clit was numb from overwork, and I wanted to luxuriate a while in the post orgiastic moments only a threesome can offer.
DAY THREE
The next morning we shared breakfast with the rest of the conference attendees. On my left sat James, and my right, Ian. Sharon was looking very bleary eyed and sat opposite. As she started sharing the details of her night with the two guys that had dinner with us, I felt a hand on my thigh. As I glanced towards James, I suddenly felt a second hand on my other thigh, and looked back to see Ian smiling too. The sexy men either side of me shared me once more...................
DAYS FOUR & FIVE
Two days later Steve and I decided to stay at home and enjoy each other's company I bed to catch up. I was on the floor, my knees on a pillow. My husband, Steve, was ploughing his adorable cock into me from behind, my pussy welcoming every stroke as the head pushed inwards, followed immediately by the shaft I knew so well. The thick, veiny shaft that had penetrated me so many times since we met all those years ago.
I pushed back to meet each thrust from my husband's cock, and delighted in the fact that my tongue was also buried in the cunt of my best friend, Cheryl, who was splayed out on our bed, playing with her own tits as I licked her clit and sucked on her cunt. She was elevated by my large triangle pillow cushioning her body, her legs wide apart to allow my tongue open access to her pussy.
In the background, I knew our secret video camera was capturing this moment forever. Steve and I are total voyeurs, and we love nothing better than fucking like wild things, before relaxing and watching our performance again and again, inspiring us to further carnal challenges! It was exactly that which had lead us to be fucking Cheryl in our bed that day. I had wanted to make Steve's day by fucking with a porn video on in the background to set the mood. I picked the one we made when my other good friend, Georgie, had asked me to arrange her anal gang bang, which turned out to be an amazingly erotic event for us all.
Steve had just begun licking me as I sucked his cock in a classic 69 position, when the doorbell rang, and Cheryl walked in because we didn't answer the door. Before we realised she was in, she was standing there watching the two of us go at in, locked in a top to tail oral fuckfest. Anyway, to cut the story short, she ended up taking off her clothes and joining us in bed, resulting in the situation we now were in, with me being fucked by Steve, sucking on her pussy as the three of us continued to make another classic home porn movie.
As I continued to flicker her clit, I felt Steve draw his penis back from my pussy, and then his finger suddenly positioned itself at the opening of my arsehole. It was like a little penis, and as I felt it slithering inwards, I moaned and pushed back hard, jamming it into my bum as he pushed forward to fill both my holes fully again. Cheryl must have enjoyed seeing my anus being poked by Steve's finger, because she threw her head back, moaned loudly and grabbed my hair, forcing my tongue to jam against her bulging clit.
She must have been close to cumming, because suddenly she stiffened, pinched her nipples really hard and screamed an amazing guttural scream which was intense. Steve and I watched her body contract and shake as she climaxed, all the while Steve pumping his dick in and out of my pussy, as his finger fucked my ass in and out, deeper and deeper.
As Cheryl started to come down from her orgasmic high, I really began to get off on being finger and dick fucked at the same time. On the bed, Cheryl slid her body until her head was level with my own cunt, and she licked my clit as I was being double fucked by Steve with cock and finger.
As Steve pounded away with his dick, and pushed his finger in and out of my ass, I was becoming totally hot. Cheryl's tongue action on my clit was making me even wilder, and I was rapidly approaching a major orgasm. As the shakes began to grip me, I grimaced and moaned deeply, pushing my arsehole backwards hard onto Steve's finger, as his cock swelled and pumped his own love juices into me, cumming hard as he fucked me. Cheryl's tongue lashed my cunt and made me climax like no other combination. The three stimulants of cock in pussy pumping hot wet semen into me in bursts, a tongue on my bulging clitoris, and a finger fucking my ass hard and fast, made me burst into the fabulous orgasm that had my whole body convulsing in a series of thrashing and shaking contractions sandwiched between my husband and friend.
We cuddled together a few minutes before all climbing back onto the bed and kissing, fondling and laughing together. Cheryl wanted more, and Steve was keen to oblige. I, on the other hand, needed a break from my multiple penetrations and tongue lashings, and sat back on the bed to watch my husband and friend kiss and make love together once more.
I felt really hot and flushed, and so ducked into my ensuite to grab a glass of water. When I came back into the bedroom, Steve was laying back as Cheryl had his cock in her mouth, attempting to jam the whole thing in her throat. I watched in awe as she sucked my husband's cock back to stiffness following the fucking he had given me, emptying his load into my pussy only minutes earlier.
She was a very good cocksucker, and as I positioned myself on the bed next to Steve, I was able to reach down and fondle his heavy, shaved balls, as Cheryl sucked him off like a pro. It was a sexy scene. I looked up towards the hidden camera we had mounted in the ducted heating vent, winked, licked my lips ad then resumed my attention on the balls in my hand. I also leaned forward and tongue kissed Steve as my friend continued to suck his cock.
He was obviously getting hard again, as Cheryl's cheeks were swollen each time she pushed down her saliva covered mouth onto my husband's cock. She was moving fast, and slivers of her saliva were starting to dribble down the sides of her mouth as she continues to suck him off. I kept fondling his balls, and as he started to get really hard, I began to do what I love best, tug them downwards away from his cock to stop him getting too excited too early.
Ladies, if you've never tried that on your man, trust me, it works! The moment you think he is starting to want to cum, just grab his balls, and give them a good firm tug downwards. He'll probably yelp the first time, but the moment he realises it stops him from cumming, I'm sure he won't complain. After all, it makes sex last longer which has to be good for us all!
Anyway, after stopping Steve from cumming, I decided to let them continue enjoying playing with each other. However, I didn't want to be left out, so I gabbed one of my toys from the bedside drawer. I took out my long double-headed jelly dong, and started to work one of the ends into my pussy, which was still wet and sticky and full of Steve's sperm. I sat there with my legs apart, and fucked myself slowly as my friend sucked my husband's cock in my bed next to me. Seeing the action next to him and enjoying the head job he was getting, Steve reached over and once again began to finger my ass, which was still welcomed his digital penetration as the jelly dong worked its way in and out of my pussy. The dong is about 16 inches long with the penis heads at each end, and I loved fucking myself with long deep strokes as Steve usually wanked and came on my tits when we cum together. This time however, I wanted to put on more of a show as my husband was being sucked off, so I bent it end over, and began working the second head of the jelly monster into my tight arsehole. It hurt a little at first, despite the fact Steve had loosened me up earlier. Slowly though, like always, my arse muscles began to relax and stretch, and eventually the whole width of the jelly dong popped inside and I was wonderfully double-fucking myself with my favourite jelly toy as I watched Steve grab Cheryl by the ears and force his impressive cock deeper into her slutty throat.
As I sat there double-fucking myself, I watched Cheryl stop sucking Steve and turn around, positioning herself over his erection. I groaned a little as I made myself totally hot fucking my ass and pussy, and watched as Cheryl eased herself down onto my husband's cock. She began to ride him slowly, with deep strokes, until she became very aroused and started jamming it in and out really, really deep and fast.
As I double fucked myself, I leaned forward and started to suck on Cheryl's nipples as she fcked my husband. I love sucking other women's nipples, and as this women was fucking my husband, it made me totally fucking horny! Steve by now had Cheryl gripped by the hips as she rode him up and down, and with me sucking her tits as I double fucked my pussy and ass, we all approached yet another climax. I had an idea.
"Steve – pull out baby, I want you to spray us both all over the face, ok?"
"No arguments from me, babe!" he said, before moving into position on his knees above our faces.
I kept double fucking myself with the jelly dong, as Cheryl fingered herself and Steve wanked his cock above our heads. I stuck out my tongue and opened my mouth, and moaned and begged for Steve to cum on us both as we wiggled our tongues.
It must have been quite a sight, because moments later Steve grimaced and thrust his cock in his fist as the first spurt of cum burst forth and struck me on the cheek. I lifted my head and slurped my tongue along the base of his cock, watching in awe as the veins pulsed with each surge of semen. The second jet struck Cheryl in the eye, and she flinched as it struck. I lapped at his balls and enjoyed the next few spurts landing all over our faces, hair, chins and tongues.
It was wildly erotic and fucking horny.
In my ass I really jammed the jelly dong in myself, and as I also pushed the whole thing inside my cunt, I reached to the side and licked and slurped all the cum from my husband that was sitting on my girlfriend's face. I licked and licked until her face was clean and my mouth was full of Steve's semen. Then just as I jammed my whole body down on the two invading cocks in my pussy and ass, I kissed Cheryl deeply in the mouth and we swapped the sperm of my husband in a cum soaked tongue kiss from heaven.
We kissed and kissed and exchanged his cum, until we had to breathe and swallow, and we laughed as we looked up, for Steve was simply kneeling there, awestruck at the slutty display he had just witnessed.
Needing a break, I eased the large cock heads out of my pussy and anus, and the latter made an audible 'pop' as it slid from my tightest hole. I kissed Cheryl on the lips and we cuddled together, our breasts squashing together as we lay watching Steve get up and walk to the shower.
"Want to join him?" I asked......................................
But that's another story for another day.