After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Emily woke up feeling even worse about her current situation than she had since she'd given birth. She was still outraged and humiliated about being naked, and still outraged and humiliated at the idea of jumping whenever men told her to. Not to mention having to allow them to have sex with her whenever they pleased, in whatever hole they pleased. Now she was also outraged that the General had rejected her return to work, like what she'd just been through was her fault and she should just get over it and get back to being a smiling fuck-toy like nothing happened.
She missed clothes. Oh, how she missed clothes, but most of all she missed her home world where none of this crazy and degrading shit would be happening to her. She could imagine herself there right now in some nice, cosy pyjamas and some big fluffy slippers while sipping a cup of coffee. Instead, she was stark fucking naked and about to walk out into the world that way yet again, straight into the arms of a balding, sweaty geriatric who wanted her to call him Master. Life just was not fair sometimes. Well in this world, that was pretty much all fucking times.
Why was she even doing this? If she was going to cross her arms and say "no, not this time, motherfucker", now was the time to do it. The reason was Madison she realised. Madison made life here not just bearable but almost worth it. Without her it was misery again. She had to look at this as a steppingstone. That balding, sweaty geriatric was the key to getting her old job back where she could at least laugh with someone about all of this insanity. At least until bloody Collingwood found a way off this world and back home again, assuming he ever spoke to her again, the absolute cunt. What the fuck was up his arse anyway?
She was still fuming during the whole cab ride to her new job, and barely able to smile convincingly to her new boss as she approached his desk.
"Ahh, 7GQA9E. It is good to see you," he greeted. "Come with me and I shall take you to you first task."
He got up from his desk before turning back to her.
"'Come', 7GQA9E, he repeated. "And remember when you address me, you shall refer to me as 'Master'. Are we clear?"
What the fuck? Whatever…
"Yes, Master," Emily replied.
"Very good. Let us proceed."
As they walked back towards the entrance of the building, Emily looked around at dozens of clothed men and naked women sitting at desks and tapping keys on Vidlinks. She wondered what they did here. The name "Griggs and Co" and the size and style of the building made it seem like it might have been a department store, but if it was that once, it wasn't that anymore. There was no merchandise, no displays, no perfume counter, not even any cash registers. There was nothing anywhere to indicate what kind of business this actually was. She would have to wait until she could get a letterhead or someone's business card. Why didn't she think to look the place up on the Datacore?
"Ahh, here we are. Please step into the window please," he requested, gesturing towards one of the display windows Emily had seen from the outside.
Does he expect me to clean in here or something? He still hasn't mentioned anything about what my duties will be. I assumed I'd be used for sex, and I wasn't looking forward at all to seeing his wrinkly old penis in front of my face. Ugh! But surely there's some filing or something that a woman with a masters in aeronautical engineering can handle?
"Yes, Master," she replied as she stepped up into the window's display area, and then turned to hear what the job was that she was supposed to do in there.
"One moment please. Michael will be along shortly."
And then he just stood there, completely motionless with a faint smile on his face for a full minute, leaving her feeling totally confused and awkward.
This guy is seriously odd…
Finally, a man approached carrying something she couldn't quite make out.
"Ahh, thank you, Michael," the Master acknowledged as he took one of the items out of the man's hands. It was a long broomstick-like object with what appeared to be leather buckles at both ends.
A spreader-bar! What the fuck!
"Please face the window, 7GQA9E," the Master instructed. "Michael, if you could be so kind and get her other leg? Thank you."
Emily could only stand there and allow them to cuff her feet to the spreader bar. It forced her legs apart a little wider than the ridiculously wide stance she had been taught to adopt in the 'Present' position. She could see people walking past outside glancing in at her.
What is this all about then?
"And now if you could 'Present' please, 7GQA9E?" he continued. "Hmm… What was that, dear?"
Jesus!
"Yes, Master!"
To her shock she felt her hands being cuffed behind her back.
What is going on?
"Your first task today is to stay in the 'Present' position and face the window. Do not alter your position. Do not sit down. Do not cry or tremble or anything else. Just hold your position at all costs until I return to tell you otherwise."
"Um… yes, Master," Emily replied, confused out of her mind.
"Good, good, now tell me what you are feeling?" he asked. "Honesty will be rewarded. If you are angry, please say so. If you are sad, please say so. Humiliated, aroused, bored, I do not mind. Honesty is what I want."
"Um… Ok. Humiliated sure, but I guess I feel confused most of all right now. Just what is this about?" Emily responded.
"It is your first task," he replied, "but I will tell you this much. If you find a task too much for you, you can choose not to do it. As a matter of fact, you can leave anytime you like. I will not stop you, but if you choose to quit you will never learn the truth of your tasks and you will never feel comfortable in this world. Are we clear on that, 7GQA9E?"
"Um… yes Master," Emily replied.
"Good, good," he replied. "I will return at some point. Remember not to move."
And with that he was gone, leaving Emily facing the world naked in a shop window with her legs bound spread apart a ridiculous distance and her hands cuffed behind her back. The height of the platform she was standing on put her crotch at about eye level for anyone who happened to walk past in the street, and in this pose they'd be able to make out what she had for breakfast!
Just what did he mean by never learning the truth of my tasks and never feeling comfortable in this world? What makes him think I'm uncomfortable here? Did the General say something to him? Does he know I'm not from here? Was it a veiled threat maybe and he's going to mess with my life and make sure I'm not comfortable here if I don't do what he wants? Is this all some kind of nutty test? In this place you can never be sure. Dammit, my feet are already killing me, and I'm going to need to pee soon. Hopefully he doesn't leave me here too much longer or there'll be a mess to clean up…
It was an hour and a half later before he returned.
"Well done, 7GQA9E. I see you have not moved," she heard behind her as he approached. "Tell me what you feel now?"
"Um… my feet are killing me, as are my inner thighs, and I really, really need to pee. Can you let me down now?"
"Good, good," he replied. "We can take care of the bladder issue. Let me get up there with you."
Emily felt him manoeuvre around her until he stood in front of her holding a bucket, which he placed between her legs.
"You may pee when ready, 7GQA9E."
What the actual fuck??
"You're kidding me, right? You can't expect me to pee right here with you holding a bucket under me, can you? What if someone sees?"
"And what if they do?" he asked. "Everybody pees. It is a natural function. Why should your act of peeing be different to anybody else's?"
"It's just humiliating, ok? It's not something a girl does in public!"
"You are a woman."
"Ok, woman then. A woman doesn't pee in public."
"I beg to differ, 7GQA9E," he replied. "Today this woman pees in public one way or another. I can wait as long as it takes. Can you?"
FUCK! Seriously???
Emily knew she couldn't hold it any longer, so she reluctantly started peeing. She could hear it hitting the bucket and then slowly filling it! Her face turned bright red but at least the discomfort of holding it for so long was at last over.
"Good, good," he responded as he produced a tissue from his pocket and wiped her crease, dropping the tissue into the bucket afterwards. "I shall return in due course."
And with that he was gone again.
What… the… fuck…
At lunch time he brought a small stool with him and uncuffed her hands before allowing her to sit and have something to eat. Then it was back to standing again. Each time he returned he would bring her some water and offer her the bucket, and he always asked what she was feeling.
Late afternoon he at last returned and finally unlocked the spreader bar and handcuffs.
"What do you feel, 7GQA9E?" he asked yet again.
Emily could only play it by ear to see where this was going and try to answer as honestly as possible.
"I feel very sore and very tired. I can't wait to sit down. I can't believe you made me pee into a bucket right here where anyone could see! Why are you doing this to me?"
"You will see in time. You may go home now. Shall I see you tomorrow?"
"Oh.. err. Thank you, Master. Um… yes, I will see you tomorrow."
As degrading and ridiculous as the events of the day had been, curiosity was also driving her crazy at this point. What was one more day of it after living nude in this place for more than a year now anyway? She just had to know what the game was here.
That night when she got home, she searched for "Griggs and Co" on the Datacore and got no results. She tried the address. Still nothing.
Who are these people?
The next day it was the same again, except this time after fitting the spreader bar and cuffing her hands again, he got in front of her and put nipple clamps on her as well.
"What do you feel?" he asked.
"Ow! I feel pain, is what I feel!" she replied.
"Good, good, focus on the pain and then think about who is watching you from outside. What do they see? Can you imagine what they are feeling when they look at you? Is it pity? Is it pleasure? Is it arousal? Can you imagine it enough that you can see it through their eyes and forget about the pain? I shall return in due course."
And with that he was gone again. This was getting really weird but was also really uncomfortable. The nipple clamps were quite painful and took everything she had to bear them. She tried shaking her body to see if she could get them to drop off, but it was no use. The movement just made the chain swing which made it hurt more.
Twice during the day, she had to pee into the bucket again, after which he wiped her genitals again. It was the weirdest behaviour. People who passed by would stare in at her, obviously thinking the same thing. She saw smiles, she saw blank faces and occasionally even disgust.
After a while her nipples had gone numb, and she thought she was just getting used to it until he unclipped them for her lunch break.
MOTHERFUCKER!!!
The next day it was the same again. She shrunk away when he went to put the clamps on her nipples again, but he insisted just the same. Then he attached another chain with clamps to her pussy lips! Now she was really uncomfortable and also really, really confused.
"What do you feel?" he asked.
"I feel humiliation and I feel pain. I must be grotesquely displayed and stretched with those things clipped onto me."
"Indeed, you are correct," he responded. "What will other people feel when they see you? Can you put yourself into their position when they come to look? Would you want to laugh, or would you feel pity? If you were a man, would you find it arousing to see a woman displayed like this or revolted by it? See if you can feel what they feel so deeply that you forget about your pain and humiliation."
And with that he was gone again, returning only to offer food or water, and of course the dreadful piss bucket.
At the end of the day, he came to unchain her and release the clamps at last.
MOTHERFUCKER!!!
"What do you feel?" he asked.
"Um… I still feel pain and humiliation. I feel ridiculous. I am an object of ridicule. Why are you doing this to me?" Emily wanted to know after she'd recovered from the surge in pain after the clamps had been removed.
"Good, good," he responded. "All will be revealed in due course. See you tomorrow, 7GQA9E."
What the fuck…
And so, it continued until Friday when he bid her farewell and said he would see her Monday. There were still no answers. Emily was really confused and in serious pain. Her legs had been cramping badly the whole time, but in particular during the long afternoons. Her nipples were in agony now and her labia weren't much better. Peeing while he held a bucket under her was ridiculous and humiliating, and wiping her genitals for her afterwards? What was with that? Was it purely for hygiene or was he getting his rocks off with it?
Was it worth coming back on Monday? As painful and as stupid as it had been, curiosity was eating at her more than ever. Plus, apparently this was the only way back into the General's good books and back to Madison eventually. She decided she'd come this far, so she may as well see what Monday held in store.
Oh well, time passes and memories fade as they say. Hopefully this will all just be a weird memory one day.
*****
"If the gentlemen could please form a line outside my office?" the Master requested to the office at large just after Emily arrived Monday morning. "7GQA9E, if you could 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
He's not going to make me blow everyone in the office, is he? Um… yes, it looks like he is…
The man she knew as Michael was first up. He unzipped and waited for Emily to lean forward and take him into her mouth. She felt him harden.
"What do you feel, Michael?" the Master asked him after a few minutes.
"I feel pleasure, Master. It feels wonderful. The way she takes my whole member into her throat is amazing! Oh, she is going to make me cum. Oh. Oh."
"Good, good. Thank you, Michael. Ahh... Geoffrey. Please tell me, what do you feel?"
"Oh, my goodness. She is hot, sir. Michael was quite right."
This is so gross, but also dehumanising, bizarre and confusing.
Eventually the last man was done. Emily wanted to throw up. She'd never imagined swallowing so much semen in one sitting, let alone done it.
Ugh… I think I'm gonna hurl…
She burped and only barely stopped herself from heaving right there on the floor.
"Tell me what you made them all feel, 7GQA9E," he asked.
"Um… they seemed to like it, Master," Emily replied, burping once again. "I suppose I made them feel good."
"And how did that make you feel?"
"Um… kind of good I guess, but also... umm… used, I guess. Like I was less than a person."
"Good, good," he responded. "That will be all for today. See you tomorrow, 7GQA9E."
An early day! Thank fuck for that! I'm going straight home to gargle bourbon until I can't taste semen anymore.
The next day it was the same but with her hands cuffed. After blowing the second man, the Master leaned down towards her.
"What do you feel, 7GQA9E?"
"Um… I feel restricted, ridiculous. I am a captive here and can't move my hands," Emily replied.
"And yet your hands are in the same position as they would be without the cuffs. Why does it feel different? Think on this. Think also on how the man feels. Is it different for him with your hands bound or is it the same?
Emily tried thinking about it but couldn't imagine it would be any different for him. He couldn't see her hands anyway. During the act, all she could think about was the cock in her throat while dreading the arrival of the next load of semen she would have to swallow.
At last, the final man had finished and the Master uncuffed her hands.
"So, what did you feel? Was it different for the man with your hands cuffed or was it the same?" he asked.
"Um… I can't imagine it was any different for him," Emily replied honestly. "For me, though, I couldn't shake the feeling of being trapped and helpless."
"Good, good, I will see you tomorrow, 7GQA9E."
The next day it was the same but with the wretched nipple clamps again. Her nipples still hadn't quite recovered from last week.
As she finished the first man, the Master leaned down to her face and asked, "What do you feel?"
"Um… the same as yesterday but with pain," Emily replied.
"Ok, this time I want you to use the pain as an anchor in your mind. Remember it is there but block it out. Focus on what the man is feeling. Feel his twitches. Hear his noises. Notice his breathing. Can you hear his heartbeat? Can you hear yours? Tell me after."
After she swallowed another load of semen, he again asked her what she felt.
"Um… I could feel him. I had a sense of his masculinity. I could feel his ecstasy. I knew I was pleasing him."
"And the pain?"
WTF?
She realised she hadn't felt the clamps on her nipples at all during the experience.
"I honestly couldn't feel it until I stopped."
"Good, good. Remember this. It is the beginning of understanding."
Again, he dismissed her after the last man had cum into her mouth. Again, she felt nauseous at having swallowed so much of it but was glad of the early release. Wearing those nipple clamps was bad enough for a few hours. Wearing them for whole days the previous week had been unbearable.
The next day he also attached the clamps to her pussy lips, and again instructed her to focus on the man's feelings. Once again, she was blown away that she had no sense of the pain in her nipples and labia as she followed the Master's instructions. Somehow it heightened her sense of the man's pleasure and his feelings instead of distracting her from everything. It was so bizarre! She smiled in surprise at it, despite also wanting to vomit. She felt like she'd discovered a superpower.
The next week it was the same, except this time he had her in the 'Face Down' position and told the men to use her rear coupling area only.
Oh God I hate anal!
He began the same process again just as Emily had expected now, asking each man what he was feeling.
"She is so beautiful, Master. She is a joy to look at, and the way she pushes back is so exciting. She makes my head spin!"
As much as Emily loathed being buggered, the comment made her smile.
In the following days, he added clamps to her nipples and then her labia, adding pain into the equation once again. Again, this time Emily was able to block it out and have a heightened sense of the man inside her. Even the penetration felt far less uncomfortable than usual.
Oh God, I'm really, really wet! What the fuck? Am I actually getting turned on from being fucked in the bum now? Usually, I just feel disgusted and try to block out what it feels like. This is really weird. How is this happening?
On the Friday he had her 'Present' after the last man had finished.
"What do you feel, 7GQA9E?" he asked.
She decided to be honest. He was obviously leading her somewhere, and at this point she needed to know what that was.
"Um… I felt no pain at all as usual, yet I was still conscious of it. Somehow it allowed me to have a deeper sense of him, but I don't mean just in a physical sense. I could feel his pleasure, his essence, if that makes sense? And it was all that mattered in the moment. Oddly I felt aroused by the pleasure I was giving."
"And thus comes the understanding of 'The Gift'," he replied with a smile. "A gift is not a gift if there is no cost to the giver. There must be sacrifice. It can be pain, or discomfort, humiliation, labour, or currency, but there must be some loss incurred. A gift is also not a gift if it is given with the expectation of reward. The reward comes from within, in knowing that the gift has been well received. A reward from the recipient of the gift can also only be given, never earned. Otherwise, it is just trade, and trade turns into negotiation and soon all meaning of the gift is lost. That is the true spirit of 'The Agreement'. As a woman gives up her nature at the cost of self and without expectation of reward, so also a man gives up his nature at the cost of self without expectation of reward. The sacrifice that each provides honours The Agreement and leads to The Way. The Way is our world that you see before you. A world of peace and balance, but a world that only comes through sacrifice and giving. Do you understand?"
"Um… Yes, I think I do. You're saying that women exposing their bodies and allowing them to be used by men goes against their natures and it isn't easy, but if it was then it wouldn't be a gift. Likewise for men. It takes effort for them to give up their time and money, control their instincts and cooperate for the common good. Both pay a price to give those gifts and they are given freely. Otherwise, it would all just be payment for services rendered, which will eventually break down into commerce, greed, and corruption. So, everyone needs to give their best to everyone equally, without any expectation of getting anything back, and that way it all stays in balance and keeps working?"
"That is correct. It was obvious from your first moments here that the way we live was something new to you and you struggled with it. It was something you found extreme and one-sided, yet now you see that it is not, I hope?"
"Wait, are you saying you know I'm not from here?"
"We tracked your ship from the moment it blinked into our plane of existence, yes. We are the Watchers. The keepers of The Agreement. We keep watch for anomalies like you and your crew, and also 4D9Y2Y when she arrived, and we also watch over our governments and municipalities."
"Hey, 7GQ, how are you holding up?" Madison suddenly greeted as she stepped out from the shadows.
"What are you doing here, 4D9?" Emily asked in shock.
"I'm one of them as well," Madison replied with a smile. "Have been for years. I was gonna tell you way back, but it seemed like you were getting it together. I was really surprised to hear that you ended up here, but then I also had to go through this as well not long after I arrived, so it's probably understandable. It can take a bit to get your head around this place and it can be a struggle. I hope you feel a bit differently about things now?"
"Um… yeah, I think I'm going to be ok now," Emily replied.
"Oh, I'm so glad to hear it," Madison responded. "Hey, remember back at the General's soiree before you got preggers when we had that conversation about how all this got started? I wasn't just making shit up then. I was telling you the truth of what actually happened. I was hoping that would be enough to make it click for you without getting to this point. Shall we show her The Agreement, Master?"
"Yes, it is time," the Master replied. "'Come', 7GQA9E and 4D9Y2Y."
They all went out in the main office and then into another room. On the walls were four poster sized documents inside glass enclosures with lights above each one.
"Read it, chica," Madison directed. "Everything's there just as I said. What everyone agreed to sacrifice to make the world a better place, and as crazy as it seems, it totally works."
Emily browsed the aging documents on the wall. It was all there just as Madison had described. The nudity, the commands, even the shaving and the collars. But that was only the first document. The other three were all about the men giving up their natures to work together to change the world from the ground up. It had everything from government to environmental policy, social change, being fathers or having any sense of ownership when it came to women's bodies, while at the same time taking responsibility for their collective welfare. It was like half the world deciding to marry the other half and everyone loving and respecting each other as a group. Every man had billions of wives and every woman had billions of husbands. She couldn't help but marvel that it could be real. That people actually agreed to this and still did. Yet here it was, and all around the world the evidence was undeniable that it had actually worked. Sure, there was still an aspect of submission on behalf of the women, but maybe that was the kicker that men needed to agree to all this. Perhaps it was just as Madison said. Men really did think with their dicks. But it was also evident that even though the women had agreed to this, it didn't make them beholden to any man, or make them their slaves in any sense of the word. It seemed more like the men had merely described the gift they wanted to receive, and the women had agreed to give it.
"And thus it was from the beginning when the first ones arrived nearly five centuries ago," the Master explained. "Our original world had descended into corruption and waste. It was a toxic place, decaying, filthy, intolerant. The people prided themselves in being wilfully ignorant and hateful. It was doomed, so we came here to begin anew by following The Way and honouring The Agreement."
"Yeah, there wasn't a plague or anything," Madison chipped in. "That rumour began way after everyone started to forget how this place got started. They were the first humans here and had to build everything from scratch."
"Yes, we saw no reason to correct the rumour," the Master added. "There are advantages in keeping our true origins concealed from the main population. We have a saying here – 'ignorance is bliss'."
"Oh, we have that one too. I'm not sure I always agree with it, though," Emily replied with a slight frown. "So, what you're telling me is that you came here from somewhere else?"
"Oh, these guys nailed parallel universe theory eons ago," Madison explained. "They came here from another world to start over in a place where they could be free from persecution to build a new society based on The Agreement."
"Ok… So how did you come up with The Agreement anyway?" Emily asked. "Like I see how it works now, but it seems so odd that women would give up their bodily autonomy back then when they couldn't have been certain how it would turn out."
"From what we know, the first ones looked around at the world they came from and decided to do the opposite, or at least the opposite of those things they knew had failed," the Master explained. "They saw how conservatism led to a construct of modesty, which led to lust and jealousy, which led to violence. Coupling was seen as a private matter which led to a sense of possessiveness. Bloodlines led to privilege for some while others were caught in a poverty trap. To build a better world, they needed to start from the beginning with a new set of ethics and a new way of living. However, many scorned the ideas and sought to oppress those who supported them. So, the first ones chose self-exile, built ships, and came here to start anew."
"I can believe that. I can imagine what it would be like if someone suggested all this back on my world," Emily admitted. "So, if you know about parallel universes and came here from another world, you must know how to send us home again then?"
"We know how, but we lack the means," the Master explained. "The ships which the first ones arrived on fell into disrepair, and over time the technology has been forgotten and lost. We were a closed and private society to begin with and sought to be left alone, so no one had any further use for them. Now we seek to explore the multiverse once again. We have been attempting to build new ships but have thus far been unsuccessful. Your ship returned in place of the one we sent on our most recent attempt, but we have heard nothing further from ours."
"Oh, my chief engineer has looked at your hyperdrive system already and he doesn't think it would have worked," Emily responded. "He thinks sadly they would have all perished soon after the drive was engaged."
"Oh, we suspected as much. That is very sad to hear indeed. We have high hopes for your chief engineer's design now, though," the Master replied.
"Well, we know that works already," Emily responded. "We just have no control over where it goes. You guys appear to have that part sorted but you don't have a functioning hyperdrive. If we put our heads together, we could get home again, and you would have the ability to go to other worlds?"
"Yes, we had concealed our knowledge from you and hoped to use your chief engineer's knowledge to build our own ships," the Master explained. "We had fears that our technology in the wrong hands would allow others to come here from your world and disrupt our way of life. Now, though, I think you at least understand our ways and it is time to enter into a spirit of cooperation so that you can return to your world, and we can commence scientific exploration once again."
I can go home?? Wear clothes again???
Strangely she realised that her secondary reaction after the initial elation at the thought of wearing clothes again was a sense of sadness. She thought about leaving Madison behind, and that she had a child somewhere here. Sure, she would probably never meet that child, but it still meant that she had roots here now. Also, everything she'd been through, including the last few weeks, would be for nothing? Especially after learning the truth about this place just today and finally feeling like she had an understanding of it. She'd also just learned a new technique that would allow her to experience joy and fulfilment in the things she had to do as a woman here. Oddly, she had been looking forward to trying it all out to see if she now thought like an Earth 2 woman at last. Now, though, she could just turn her back on it all and go home? She could wear clothes again at last?
What else was holding her here? She was still a captain on Earth 1. If she remained after the other crew members returned, she would be AWOL and they may well come looking for her. She was still duty-bound to go home if there was a way to do so.
She thought about home. She could just imagine being in her apartment again, wearing clothes, but then also hearing sirens and the occasional gunshot in the background, and jogging on a treadmill because it wasn't safe for a woman to be alone in the street. Here she could walk around naked without some dickhead cat-calling her or asking her to smile. Sure, she'd be asked to couple regularly, but put in the context of that being a gift that she gave rather than something that was taken from her against her will…
She remembered what it was like to worry about money, or where she might live or how to make rent once her term of duty was completed. Here, there was none of that. All she had to do was walk around naked and have sex with anyone who asked… That wasn't easy. But again, when put in the context of her body being a gift that she gave, a gift that certainly came with some sacrifice, but one that she gave of her own free will, perhaps it was worth it?
But this wasn't her home. Up until today she knew without any doubt that she didn't belong here. She hated it. It was all just temporary, and it was horrible. A perverted existence in a perverted world that she was stuck in. What if this new knowledge and the technique she had just learned failed and she was back thinking like that again tomorrow? And then there was the chance to be covered again…
OMG clothes!
She realised much to her surprise that she had a foot in both camps, and she would feel regret and maybe even suffer negative consequences whichever way she chose. It was still some time away yet before she would have to decide. Even longer if Collingwood was kept in the dark for a while yet… The prick deserved it, and it would give her more time in this world to experience her new way of thinking.
"I feel we can trust you, 7GQA9E. You are now also a Watcher," the Master announced. "Welcome to the truth!"
"Oh… um... ok thank you, Master. Does that mean I can't tell anyone about this?" Emily responded, hoping deep down that would be the case so she could delay telling Collingwood, and have a little longer before she would have to make a decision.
"Our existence is not a secret to those in power," the Master explained, "but to others it is best we remain cloaked until it is necessary to reveal ourselves, such as in your case."
"Should I tell Collingwood about your knowledge and technology?" Emily asked, to ensure that her desire to keep Collingwood in the dark for a while yet was what the Master wanted as well.
"When you feel he is ready, yes," the Master replied. "At the moment he has an open mind, but he is only in this world, not of it yet. He must learn our ways and fully accept them before he can be trusted with everything as you are."
"I should probably find a way to talk to him then," Emily considered. "I'm not sure he deserves it, though."
"That is your first task as a Watcher," the Master informed her. "Teach him our ways and how to give and receive the gifts. Once he has accepted them, only then should he learn the whole truth."
"Oh ok… thank you, Master. I'll do my best," Emily replied.
The Master smiled and nodded.
"Waddya say we get you cleaned up and hit the pub?" Madison suggested. "Maybe chill at yours for a bit and get some dinner before we head out?"
"If there are no further questions?" the Master asked.
"Um… what about this building?" Emily asked, as she thought about some of the many things that had gone through her mind in the hours of standing in the store window. "It looks like a department store, which would predate a world without women's clothing wouldn't it? How can that be if you've always lived under the Agreement here?"
"It is a front for what really goes on inside," the Master admitted. "It is one of the oldest buildings in this city and was constructed based on a design from our old world. It is intended to be misleading as kind of an inside joke, which you now appreciate, I am sure. It is a design which you now know would never have been used for its intended purpose."
"Ok, so just how old are you then?" Emily asked. "Are you one of the original Watchers?"
"Oh, surely not," the Master replied with a chuckle. "No, we recruit from time to time and successors are chosen. You may even become a Master one day if you choose to stay and become adept in The Way, 7GQA9E."
"Oh ok, just thought I'd ask. It seems like you've been around here a while and you guys have technology well beyond ours in the medical sciences. No one here really looks as old as they are."
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," the Master replied, still smiling. "I have been around for some time but not quite that long."
"Thank you, Master."
Emily had a lot to think about, not least of all her butt right now. After spending some time on the toilet, she and Madison caught a cab back to the women's quarters where she was finally able to take a shower and then spend some time over a few drinks considering all of this further. Well, that's if Madison let her stop laughing for a minute.