In the mist filled dusk, holding her hands against the wall of a wooden building on a hilly backstreet of the port city of Kumatos along the great western shore, Ebony had no idea who the man ramming his cock into her cunt from behind was. Nor to be honest, did she really give a dam.
"Oh yeah, fuck me harder!" she cried out. That was about the limit of her concerns in that moment. She looked back over her shoulder. It was her first look at him to be honest. Less than a minute ago she'd been standing there minding her own business, mentally preparing for the final moment of three long years of travel across the islands of Eros. Three long years all for this night, all to find a way home, back to a place she could no longer remember.
All she knew was that it wasn't here, not Eros. She was an Outsider, as her lack of memory suggested and countless mages had been keen to point out. Apparently it made her an ideal fuck. Despite being women; mages sought her out for the charge fucking an Outsider could give.
But as a man this was no mage, just another sailor with a good thick cock needing an available pussy. He'd walked up from behind as she'd been bent over strapping her knives into her garters, spread her ass cheeks, and quietly slid his dick right into her cunt without a word between them.
But that was Eros for her. The first time that happened to her had been quite a shock. People here rarely asked for the fuck, if you didn't want it you just pushed them out of your cunt or slid them off your dick and they'd move on for the next available thrill. Sex was such a normal part of the way things were here, nobody thought anything of it.
An exotic beauty like Ebony was always in high demand, with her tall graceful athletic body, midnight black skin, and bleach blond hair kept into pigtails. Add to this a nice inviting pink clit nearly always poking out from between her bare nether lips. Even more so after she'd had the hood pierced with a charming little golden loop to match the ones in the prominent nipples crowning her small teats. Like everyone else in Eros, Ebony wore little more than her birthday suit. Just two garters on each leg with knives in them, the piercings and the hair-bands, and a small coin pouch on the garter of her right thigh. Otherwise, from head to toe, she was a naked beauty with come hither pink eyes and pouty fuck-me mouth.
Ebony rarely got more than a few blocks in any town on the Western Shore without being fucked or fondled or both.
So it really didn't matter who the sailor was, he didn't look all that much different from any of the other tan skinned locals; human, average height, strong muscles, rough hands from a life or work, tattoos denoting his class and profession, the smell of today's catch in his brown scraggy hair, and, most important to Ebony, a nice long thick deliciously hard cock. Even better, one that was presently ramming itself into her pussy at a good satisfying pace.
"Uh!" He grunted, shook and held himself, then shot his load into her.
"Oh darn it honey," Ebony said. He'd come a little sooner than she'd have liked. The men here didn't last as long as the islanders. She was too exotic for them here. They fucked her more often, but rarely lasted long enough for her to cum.
At least this one had the decency to reach down and frig her fast and furiously, three fingers to the hilt, until she gave out her soft and high pitched gasp of relief. "Oh, oh oh..." she called out, steadying herself.
The sailor moved on, his dick soft and satiated. Even limp, it was at least two hand lengths long. If she wasn't leaving tonight, she might have tried to remember his face. Always good to know which men will make sure you get to cum. Now he was lost in the small crowd of people going to and fro. People who had barely stopped to care at the sight of him fucking her on the street like that.
"I've been in town too long," she thought. On her first night in the city, walking off the docks with her looks, it had been an orgy of cocks after her and a crowd of onlookers in the inn she'd picked to stay in. Everyone wanting to see the ebon skinned girl get fucked. As if the sight of a cock pulling back those pink lips from her dark skin was really all that different from the local girls they'd laid out beside her to compare.
Ebony turned from the wall and made her way up the hill. Her notoriety in this town would only make the task all that much more difficult. How exactly do you sneak into the largest temple in the city and steal the Jewel of Desire off its central alter in a place where you couldn't blend in with anyone and half the town must've been up your cunt by now?
The answer was to wait for nightfall. At least by then she'd have a prayer of a chance. And if all else failed, she had a tiny flask in her coin purse given to her by a sea witch for the price of a little tongue on clit action. It held the witch's nether juices, mixed with her spit, and was said to be just enough to conceal her presence for a few short minutes.
As full on night approached, Ebony made her way to the temple square. Some random coastal god of fishing. The statue outside looked like a merman with an obscenely large prick upon which many a local maiden would plant herself for good luck. One such young lass was at it as Ebony approached, furiously rubbing her clit to assist the cold stone in getting her off. For the luck to really work, you needed to ride the stone prick long enough to cum, or so the town deacons claimed in their sermons. One of them was chanting a blessing as the busy girl busied her mouth with his dick.
Religion was just something Ebony didn't get. But it made the masses happy. Ebony fell in with that lot that claimed the gods were dead or at least too busy getting off in some netherworld to pay attention to the mortals. But then, in her travels, she'd seen more definitions of who or what the gods were than she could count.
Still, she took a coin from her purse, washed it in the fountain, put it in her pussy, and then tossed it into the basket shaped net held in the fishing god statue's left hand. All the while surveying the grounds. Like she'd done the night before and the night before that.
Not that the building had changed. A central dome with towers on three ends in a triangle and archways leading inside between them. Ebony knew that as night fell the high priestess of the temple would take the jewel she sought into her cunt and after an orgy with the evening flock, carry it into the northern tower. Ebony assumed it would then go to rest at the top of the tower, based on the scrying of the last witch of the islands who'd told her to come here.
She knew that she herself had to take the egg shaped Jewel of Desire into her cunt and fuck a stranger without him knowing it was there, and as his jism shot into her, she would be whisked away to whence she'd come. The sages had been very clear to her on this point over the past three years. Every oracle who'd spread her open and glanced up her canal had claimed to see it there in the shape of her cunt, not that she'd seen anything herself squatting in front of a mirror.
Ebony sat and watched as the faithful gathered in the central room of the temple on cushions and pillows and began to fondle each other. She spread her legs for a woman with questing lips and let the energies take her body, all the while working to keep her senses sharp.
The priestess arrived, chanting away in that babbling tongue the overly religious resorted to. A few pixies darted about, attracted by the magical energy and performing aerial fuck stunts for the crowd below. The woman sucking on her cunt was being gently plowed by a man even more exotic than Ebony, a Faun, goat legs and all. She hadn't seen many non-humans in this town before tonight, just the odd gnome or goblin.
The priestess took the egg-shaped Jewel of Desire out from a belly socket of a naga statue in the center of the room and placed it within herself. Ebony noticed the moon shaped pubes above the woman's crotch. Only mages had pubic hair in Eros, everyone else was bald; cock or cunt. Ebony had never quite mastered the different shapes mage pubes came in. A half moon, pointing down, for a West Continent mage... what exactly did it mean? Mages were a superstitious lot that often got mixed up with religion.
The fist sized egg shaped jewel went in smoothly, but seeing its size, Ebony had her doubts any man would fail to notice it within her. "I'd have to fuck a pixie," she thought. The men among the flock began to line up around the priestess, who laid herself out on a cushioned platform. Each man seemed to give a particularized number of thrusts into her cunt before pulling out and joined the writhing masses scattered around the platform. As they did a steady glow accumulated around the priestess.
Ebony wasn't very partial to mage work, but leaving now would call undo attention, so she let a pair of men take their turns in her ass and cunt while she tried to pay attention. After a good number of minutes as a stream of men and women had their way with her; Ebony felt a pulsing energy run through her. It felt of the sea, both refreshing and salty at the same time. Then the priestess, looking somewhat haggard and used, coated in jism from top to bottom, rose up and left the room, singing a strange haunting chant like a woman's voice carried on a windy breeze.
Ebony felt a brief pang of guilt, knowing she'd soon be denying these people their most sacred relic. This was land that should have long ago been swept away in a coastal storm; much as often happened up and down these shores. If she had to wager a guess, that nightly ritual was the only thing saving these people from the fate shared by the animals living in the wetlands around them.
She made her way outside, lingering behind the temple crowd. On reflection she noticed it was smaller than it had seemed, maybe only twenty or thirty people. More than likely most of the men had had at least one dip into her cunt, ass, or mouth. She'd not been paying them as much attention as the priestess, and she was sure every man and quite a few women had had their way with that worn down woman. Not everyone here was in the prime of their youth, though chances were none of them had even been born by even the priestess's 50th year, not that the woman looked to be a day over 20. Despite the beauty of all the naked flesh around her, it was still something Ebony didn't trust about mages. People should grow old, that was just how nature worked, and mages didn't. At least not for a few lifetimes of regular mortals. It was hard to trust someone old enough to have buggered your grandmother's grandmother with her wand back when she herself was already an old maid.
The crowd thinned, the lust for sex sated for the time being. Even Ebony was left to herself to wander the temple grounds. She took it as an opportunity to examine the tower she knew she needed to breach. No door, nothing. On past nights she'd seen the priestess simply walk through the wall as it briefly spread itself apart like sand blowing away in the wind, only to reform behind her.
Ebony's only hope was a good five stories up a straight tower; four windows. One for each cardinal point. Thankfully the wall was not so shear as it seemed close up, there were small foot and hand holds. Probably not enough to support a man's bulk, but Ebony had a lithe frame and a lot of experience at this sort of thing. Scaling walls that is.
She'd had few skills upon first waking up in the world of Eros. In a land as sexed up as this place, getting buggered for coin wasn't a real option. A man would pay for a bath maiden or a massage girl, but only if she was actually good at those tasks, the sex he could get anywhere, and teach any such maiden to perform to taste. With her gymnast's body, Ebony was built for one of two things, mercenary work, or scaling walls to get things one person wanted but another had. And she didn't much care for killing, even if she'd learned to do her share. Not every wall could be scaled in perfect quiet after all.
The last of the gathering was gone, and Ebony had used her time well. With her dark skin and the momentary reprieve from sex hungry cocks she'd faded into the foliage around the tower. Now she sat crouched before the stones at its base. She waited for the moon to take leave of her presence behind the hills east of town as she gently coaxed her fingers through her pussy in anticipation of the night's adventure. It wasn't desire for yet another sexing, but a simple case of calming nerves with the gesture she'd picked up from so many other women in her travels.
As the moon dropped away she took a small box from her purse and applied a black lotion to her lips, above and below, to hide the flash of pink. She then combed charcoal into her blond locks to gray them out as much as possible. Next came tiny little claws out of her purse and fixed them onto the bottom of her toes and tips of her fingers. While many in the West wore shoes or sandals, Ebony had long since taken to the Islander practice of bare feet. If your profession is scaling walls not meant to be scaled, it can help to have access to strong well trained toes.
Ebony gave one last look at the scene around her, taking in the tower in front of her, the garden behind her and the bushes she was hiding in, as well as the now empty square with the phallic fish god and the empty temple who's wide arches still lay open to a bare room inside, acolytes having long since cleared away the cushions and pillows that had surrounded the priestess' platform.
She steadied her nerves. This was always the worst part, right before the action. This was where mistakes were made. A deep breath. The Islander custom of tapping her clit for luck, careful not to poke herself with her climbing claws.
Ebony leapt forward in a burst of motion. Three long strides and a powerful leap, she took hold of the tower wall and began to climb. She wanted to be above eye level as quickly as possibly. She'd chosen the north eastern side, semi facing the hills and then down into a series of walled estates. The people there were the sort who felt smug enough not to be gazing dreamily about and secure enough to lock themselves away in their compounds. There was no perfect angle to hide from prying eyes, but this was the best of possible choices. She would have to hope her midnight black skin would match the stones well enough to finish the job.
After a good story's worth of climbing Ebony slowed her pace to a careful crawl, taking in and remembering each foot and handhold for the journey down. Some climbers would have preferred a long rope and a crossbow to shoot up a grappling hook, but Ebony had seen firsthand companions fall prey to the alert that might set off to anyone waiting above. Much better to sneak up and surprise anyone or anything laying in wait at the top.
Five stories up a rounded tower wall is not fast business. Ebony was glad this wasn't insect mating season. She'd done that before, once, in the southern hotlands before the wall of fire at world's end. Climbing a city wall with her back to the boiling desert heat. So hot she imagined seeing the glass sands where nothing lived. She knew that was too far away, that only a mage could get close enough to actually see the place where the ground had melted and fused to glass. It was the joke in that city state, on days when it just got too hot to bear; so hot even a fuck was hard to come by. And the bugs, getting under her skin or worse, on an hour long climb. All to get some piece of paper a fat merchant wanted to read then toss into a fire, before sucking on her tits until he fell asleep on her with his cock still buried to the hilt. The weight of his belly pressing her down while the bugs continued to taste her in rude places and his jism slowly oozed out.
This was another one of those long climbs. Ebony had long ago learned caution was better than speed, even when you were worried about getting spotted. People didn't tend to shoot you off the wall, so much as make you get down and explain yourself. You could get out of something like that, one way or another, you could save your skin. But a fall, that had been the final end of a few past partnerships.
The top. She held herself just under the lip of a window waiting for a sound. There was a soft light up there, this would be the most dangerous part of the trip. Anyone on this side of the city looking her way would spot her the moment she raised up. There was nothing she could do about that but accept it and hope for chance. But for anything on the other side of that window, careful perception would save her having to kill.
Not a sound. A hand went up, over the lip, then another. Ebony pulled herself up and flipped her naked body into the room beyond with cat like grace and perfect silence. Another reason she went barefoot. No thudding footfall. She looked around, taking in her surroundings and instinctively crouching into an action pose, ready to unleash the furry of her knives.
She'd struck gold. The room was a simple round affair with four windows and a trapdoor just to her left. The door was grated and she could see spiral steps below her. Best of all however, was another naga statue matching the one in the temple, and resting in its belly, as if the egg of an actual naga woman, and Ebony had been sexed up by enough to know the artist had his anatomy down pat; was the Jewel of Desire.
"Any flying thief could take this thing," she silently mused. She guessed maybe four pixies with a net between them could run off with it, if you could ever train pixies to do anything but fuck each other. The jewel was size of her fist, maybe a little less, but probably heavy for the little creatures. She hadn't seen any of the flying races in her short time on the Western Shore. They were pretty rare anywhere though.
A sound from below, someone on the stairs approaching. What to do? Jumping out the window was too dangerous, not enough time to get a good hold below the lip, and anything higher and she'd be obvious to all but the stupid. Quickly she reached for her purse. Maybe she could avoid a kill.
Soft giggling and a sigh, as a man's hand pushed open the trapdoor. A youthful woman with large swaying breasts came up from below, swaying her rounded hips and giggling. She was naked but for a silken belt about her waist with colored scarves on her right and left hip. She looked straight to the spot where Ebony stood with large lusty emerald green eyes; then smiled as she looked back down the stairs. "We're alone, Jaza," she said. "My poor little pussy wants to learn all about the stars."
The man ascended, glancing about the room. "Not as alone as you think, little Meyani." Ebony, standing not two feet from Meyani, mentally imagined the leap that would send the lusting maiden to her death out the far window, and how she would manage to spin kick Jaza before he caught wind.
But Jaza never looked her way, instead he focused on the Naga. "See the jewel? High priestess Neshali puts it here after the calming of the winds prayer. If you touch the jewel or the statue we'd both be dead in minutes."
Meyani drew in a sharp breath. "Its charmed? But how?"
"Neshali's great grandmother bound the spirit of the Naga pirate queen that once raided these shores into this statue after the townsfolk captured her. She will kill anyone but a descendant of her captor who tries to take her egg; the jewel, or touch her form.
"But I touch the Naga in the temple every morning during Maiden's rite?" Meyani said, looking at the statue in fear. Ebony noted her hardened nipples; the temple maiden wasn't just fearful. And certainly, Jaza's hard cock spoke well to his primary interests.
"That's just harmless stone, its not charmed at all. You rub your cunts against it out of custom. Makes the townspeople happy to see us engaged in rituals, makes them think Neshali's up to more than the simple charms it takes to guard the town and their spirits" Jaza said.
"But Jaza, you shouldn't speak such sacrilege," Meyani said, lightly brushing her finger along the underside of his cock.
"Nonsense, the gods care about veneration, but not superstition. Maiden's Rite is just to fulfill superstition. After your initiation, you'll learn how the gods are truly venerated. It takes more than simply rubbing your pussy along the edges of a stone naga's hips."
Meyani glanced about, again looking right through Ebony. "But then, if its so dangerous up here..."
Jaza shrugged. "Didn't you know? Neshali is my cousin." He reached for the naga.
"Jaza!" Meyani almost screamed, leaping back into the spot Ebony had held a mere fraction of a second ago.
'Just get to your fuck and get away,' Ebony thought. The fluid from the vial the witch had given her was as far up her cunt as she could squirt it in the moment she'd had before they'd come up the trapdoor. If it managed to drip out and onto anything else, the shadow about her would be gone and she'd have to kill them or face capture.
Jaza touched the naga. It flinched, but then remained still. He took the egg like jewel out and said, "wanna try it out?" touching it to Meyani's nether lips.
"By the gods Jaza, you gave me such a fright I'm just dripping... But, but that would be forbidden. Only the high priestess can the insert the jewel."
"I know, I know, relax. Here," he put the jewel into a bowl set in the floor in front of the naga. "She's harmless now, and will remain so until I put the jewel back."
Meyani turned away from Jaza and faced out the window Ebony had climbed in through, bending at the waist with her legs spread just enough apart to give a clear sight of her welcoming pussy. Even Ebony wanted to sink her lips into that. "Oh just look at the beauty of our city Jaza. I don't know how the sailors can ever say Simea is grander. The estates here; I'd love to play in those gardens."
"I've another garden in mind for play," Jaza said, pressing his cock against Meyani's slit.
'I just bet you do,' Ebony thought, as she watched the deacon sink himself into the acolyte. The woman gave a sigh as her male lover grunted and the two of them set about the business of fucking to the open sky and the view of the city below. 'I guess I didn't need to worry about being spotted from below if this sort of thing is routine,' Ebony thought.
Ebony looked to the jewel. Now was her chance. But how far would she get before they noticed it was gone. Or she could push them both off the ledge with almost perfect ease right now. They were certainly distracted enough. Meyani was gripping the windowsill and shoving her bare bum back into Jaza as he thrust his cock into her from behind. She was glancing out to the city below, he was kneading her very large bosom, almost as much as a witch would tend to have, and smelling her hair.
Despite the ease of sex Ebony had seen throughout Eros, there was still quite the abundance of hidden rendezvous, romantic affairs, and lusty secrets. You could fuck anyone nearly anywhere, but it was still better to have that special someone or someones and that spot that made it truly wonderful.
It would be a shame to toss these two to their end in such a moment. Ebony was no killer, she only did that when she was forced to. She thought about what else she might be able to pull from her bag of tricks. Something the witch had said about the vial. About bringing others into the shadow to be lost for a while. Carefully, trying not to make a sound and not to spill a drop, she slipped a finger into her pussy to wet it with the combination of the witch's concoction and her own desire on seeing the sex act before her.
Nothing. The enchantment hiding her did not break. She got her finger out, and still, she remained hidden. She wouldn't have long to act; as long as it took for that finger to dry. Ebony got down on the ground and slid under Jaza's legs, looking straight up at the sight of his dick sliding into Meyani's pussy in a steady lover's rhythm. If Ebony's guess was right, timing would be everything. She had to catch him on just the right stroke. Ebony carefully rose her finger up close to the underside of Jaza's pumping dick.
Her breath caught, noticing a bit of her black makeup smeared onto her finger. But the juice was drying, and she only had seconds. This new position might make some of the rest of it run out of her cunt, down the crack of her ass, and spill onto the floor. If that happened, the charm would break.
There! She darted her finger up and quickly dabbed the underside of his cock right before he slid himself home once again into Meyani.
Ebony's charm broke and she popped into view. Jaza jumped in alarm for a second noticing something big and dark was below him and touching his cock, but he didn't have time to act. He faded out, taking Meyani with him. Caught in a charm not of their own making, they would be bound in confusion for a good while. Ebony was not exactly sure. Either they would become unaware of their surroundings and fuck until exhaustion took them and they fell to the floor asleep, or they would be trapped into some shadow existence until the juices of their love making managed to dry. Either way could take hours. But the idea had worked, and they would not be harmed once it was over.
The witch had warned her Ebony of two things. First, that others could follow her into hiding in the shadow if they were in her pussy while she was under the charm, but that if she brought someone with her on purpose they might together be lost for a spell. The effect could make them as unaware of the world as the world was of them.
The witch had told her that letting it out of her cunt and onto anything but herself would break her out of shadow. What she had guessed at was that she might be able to do this and put that someone else into shadow at the same moment, by sending it into another willing pussy engaged in sex with someone other than herself without actually putting it there herself. A risky guess, but it seemed to match the riddled way the witch's magic had worked.
And it turned out her guess had been right.
Ebony looked around, noticing the jewel lying harmlessly in the bowel set into the floor. "Thank you, Jaza, for being a lusty bastard. I'm glad I don't have to learn how to fight a stone Naga. The real thing's tough enough," Ebony whispered. Though the real one, well, that had been in an arena in Yasar with a whole lot of gooey mud and dildos rather than knives. Losing that fight had been more fun that what the combatant before her got for winning, even if it did mean not getting any of the winning coin purse. Still, naga's could put up a serious fight and once that tail got around you, the tip could go just about anywhere and there wasn't much you could do about it other than enjoy the ride.
"Stop musing, grab the jewel, and get your ass out of here," Ebony told herself. She casually reached down and picked up the jewel. There was really only one place to hold it, and that wasn't her coin purse. Still it was a bit big to put up there, and finding a man who wouldn't notice that thing while his cock was sliding in an out would be the real challenge in all of this.
Getting down the tower was a much easier affair than getting up. Sometimes this was the rough part. She guessed that nobody would be on the stairs and that quite possibly, Jaza had left that magical sand door at the bottom open in order to make it easier for Meyani to come and go. With the Priestess Neshali the door had been opening and closing right with the passing of her body, caressing her skin in sand as she went. That wouldn't work if you wanted to bring your fuck-bunny through.
The guess had proved correct. Ebony all but casually strolled out of the tower, taking only care to ensure the grounds were empty before slipping out into the gardens, over a mini wall, and into the streets below. Sure, she could have strolled out through the open pathway at the front of the temple, but that would risk exposure while she was still covered in charcoal and had her black lipstick smearing over both sets of lips, above and below. That sort of thing led to questions.
The streets were empty enough that she made it to a shower by the aqueducts and managed to rinse off before anyone saw her. Returning to her inn involved only one late night sailor too limp dicked to get it in. Which was unfortunate as he was drunk enough that he might have missed the jewel and she could have been done with Eros right then and there.
After three years of journey to find what she needed, one drunk sailor might have been all she needed to leave this crazy world.
Stumbling into the common room of the inn, Ebony began to muse on that. Leave; and then what? What would she be returning to? She was an Outsider, but what sort of world did she come from? Was she human there? Did she still have her beautiful black skin and wonderful blond hair? Was she fit, fast, limber? Did she get fucked with near constant abandon? Was she even naked? She'd met an Outsider once long ago who claimed it was possible to not be naked. She could barely fathom the horror of having her pussy covered. And what if she didn't even have a pussy, what if she was a man, or a really smart bug, or who knew what...
All this struggle to leave, and yet she had no idea where she going, not even if she wanted to really get there.
Eros had frightened her cunt dry as a rock when she first woke up three years past. She'd been lying naked in a field and the first thing that happened was a big green guy with sharp teeth and a huge bloody sword stood over her dangling a monster cock inches from her vision. His only words had been "this one's still alive," followed by a glance over his shoulder. After a good scream, she'd found him the charming and handsome fellow, with some amazing skill in the use of his dick. A trait common among goblins. But still, those first moments. All the bodies of people around her and that sword. It took some time to learn that her first impressions that he had wanted to eat her wasn't right. He didn't want to eat her; so much as he had thought it a dandy idea to eat her out. She'd learned two things in those first few days, Eros was a dangerous place, but friend and foe were not as obvious as skin nor even species.
Ebony carefully took the jewel out of her pussy, making sure to avoid being seen at what she was up too. Way too many nights of being buggered in her sleep, waking up to find a cock in one end or the other, and she knew she couldn't risk whatever this jewel would do for her happening until she was awake.
Not if she was actually, after all of this work, having second thoughts about going home. Well, she was starting to think this world was really home. With all its faults and all its color.
Private rooms in an inn were a luxury only the nobility and mages ever saw. Nobility because well, they were above common folk and it wouldn't do to go sexing one up without knowing who they were first. Mages well, it was more that nobody wanted to be caught sleeping in sight of a mage's spells. It was more rude -not- to fuck a mage given the opportunity. However they also often demanded privacy for their magical workings, and it was better to not be around when that stuff was up.
So Ebony merely found a spot on the floor of the sleeping room, took a mat down from the shelf, unrolled it, and laid herself down curled up in the tangled mess of men and women. People in Eros generally let strangers sleep before slipping a cock into them or otherwise trying to get a little morning relief going, but with Ebony's exotic looks in the West, men often got a little too excited to wait. Quite often since coming from the islands, in just about every port she'd been in here, she'd wake at some point to find a dick sliding in and out of her. If she was tired or in her cramps, a simple push would end it, otherwise it was often a pleasant way to begin a day.
But no such opportunity came to her that night.
Ebony awoke with a splash of ice cold water that burned her skin. Cold was an unusual sensation in any land in Eros occupied by people. Naked people died in places that were cold. She was chained down in a circular room that had the feeling of being slightly underground.
Jaza was standing in front of her, his cock slightly limp and glistening from recent sex. He was tossing the jewel from hand to hand. Priestess Neshali was beside him on his right with a blue glow about her and fresh jism splattered on her oversized bosom. She was a freshly charged mage, the most dangerous kind.
Ebony's right arm was stretched away from her body and held in place by tight chains. She could flex her finger but move no more. She didn't like what she saw when she looked over to it. A living naga; like the muddy sex fiend kind she'd fought in Yasar. This one was also female, but had a mean look in her eyes, and held a blue crystal scimitar that gave off a faint glow of its own. A mage-forged crystal weapon.
That could mean only one thing. This naga was a woman who could do injury that couldn't be healed. And she was looking at Ebony's hand.
"An actual thief..." Jaza said. "What a novel concept. I suppose you have something to do with me fucking Meyani into exhaustion the other night?"
"Other night?" Ebony said, it couldn't have been more than a few hours.
"You've been here for a few days, thief. Don't try to remember, you never will. I'm afraid that's just ow the magic goes on that one," Neshali said.
There was no point denying it with Neshali there. "How did you find me?" Ebony asked.
"Shall I cut her now, or must we really play at this?" the naga said.
"Relax, we have plenty of time, and I'm curious. I've never met an actual thief before," Neshali said. "Did you really think something like this could go somewhere without us feeling it? Smelling it, knowing where it was?"
"I..." Ebony began. She really hadn't given that any thought at all. She'd just planned to insert the thing, get a fuck, and be gone. Ebony had been amazingly clueless about thinking over how the darned thing worked. It was just supposed to be some ancient relic from the golden age, and the witch's had told her it could send her home. "I just needed it to go..."
"Away? Back to the Outside you mean? Silly girl, there's no leaving this world, whatever gave you the notion?" Jaza casually intoned, flipping the jewel back and forth.
"Your jewel is spoken of in the library in Yasar. The mages there say it holds the key to accessing the Outside," Ebony said. Why lie to a mage. Ebony had long ago learned that the game was best played by using as much truth as one could get away with using. Add only a minor lie around the edges to flip what it all added up to.
"Yasar? The imperial city? That's half a world away, they know of us there?" Jaza asked. She just might have them now, Jaza and Neshali were starting to look actually curious.
"Of course," Ebony said.
"Don't lie to me, you been following fragments of legends haven't you, after one tiny hint in Yasar?" Jaza gave her a wicked grin. Ebony knew she should have followed her own advice, and just told him what he'd just said rather than trying to play to their provincial egos.
"Yes... but its all led to that jewel, and..." Ebony started, but she wasn't sure where to go from there.
"Let me guess, the classic tale, put it in your pussy, just as we have done for generations, and get fucked to have your wishes granted," Neshali said.
"Well, almost, I had to find someone who didn't know the jewel was in me, even while we fucked," Ebony said.
Jaza held up the jewel, "You'd have to have a giant's cunt or put a pixie's cock in you to pull that one off..."
"Yeah well, I figured I'd get to that part after I had the jewel," Ebony said.
"It wouldn't have worked you know..." Neshali said. "Really, a very pointless plan you see."
"You imagine yourself wiser than the library at Yasar, that a relic of the golden age couldn't have such power?" Ebony said. If she was going to get done in, there was no point in not correcting them.
"Oh no, no, no..." Neshali chuckled. "That's not it at all... I have every faith that the record in Yazar is quite correct on the matter and the sages you've dealt with in your journeys have been very wise to tell you what they did."
"So then..." Ebony started.
"Let you use it? No... I don't think so," Neshali stated.
"You see, if this actually was the Jewel of Desire, it might just work, and there'd be no harm in that. But..." Jaza flicked his wrists, tossing the jewel into the air. Rather than fall, the egg shaped jewel changed form, becoming a seagull and flying over to peck at the palm of Ebony's right hand, as if she'd been holding fish there.
"I don't understand, the magic to transform that would be..." Ebony started. Neshali and the naga looked from Jaza to Ebony and gave away smiles of barely concealed laughter.
"Quite beyond mortal power, if that bird had ever been the Jewel of Desire. But you see, you're too late by a good ten generations," Neshali laughed.
Ebony noticed Jaza's dick begin to rise, the tale was getting to the part of this he liked. "Many generations ago the ancestor of my clan, a distant grandmother to Neshali, was locked in a terrible feud with her sister. This land was but a tiny fishing village, special only in its possession of that ancient relic. And the two sisters only finished their fight when one of them tried to use the jewel to do just what your legend says, and send the other to the Outside."
Neshali stepped over and began to stroke Jaza's dick, getting to rise to full mast. "Your ancestor of course," Ebony said, glancing at the seagull.
"Not my ancestor; Neshali's, and not necessarily hers." Jaza stated.
"Aren't you cousins?" Ebony watched Neshali stroking Jaza's cock.
Neshali laughed, "no thief, he's my guardian. It's just easier to tell people we're cousins. As my guardian I let him use my pets." Neshali glanced at the naga, who in turned scowled back at her in controlled rage.
Neshali continued. "I couldn't say which one tried to do it, only which one it got. Obviously, whichever of them survived raised a child that would be the next step of our clan, but her own or her sister's?"
Jaza shrugged and added; "nevertheless, the magical battle did away with one of them, and that one took the Jewel with her, to the Outside I would guess. Since that time, the village jewel has just been a tool to focus our magic, a simple charm applied to a coastal creature to bind it and give my mistress's line a tool to please the peasants."
Ebony stared between Neshali and Jaza, they had to be kidding. "To be honest, I'd... well, I was having second thoughts about using it..." Neshali knelt down and took Jaza's dick into her mouth, slowly bobbing up and down.
"Not a very wise thief to steal something you have no intentions towards," Jaza said.
Neshali pulled Jaza's cock out of her mouth to lick the head and underside. Then she glanced at Ebony and with a yawn declared; "enough of this... I'm bored of you..." Jaza looked at the naga and nodded.
For her part, the naga was practically dripping with anticipation. Naga scaling ended just before the genitals, or, put another way, they looked like oddly colored humans from head down to cunt or cock, but snake scales began on their tails down from there, and the anus was in front below by a hand length.
This one's pussy was glistening in anticipation of inflicting unbearable harm and pain to Ebony. She'd met the sort before that reveled in cruelty. Rare creatures, but in Ebony's line of work you'd meet them from time to time. She wondered if the villagers knew this woman lived among them. Then she noticed something else, this naga bore an uncanny resemblance to the statue she'd taken that fake jewel from.
Neshali flicked her hand and turned away, Jaza's dick bumping her cheek. "You're done, thief. Take her hand away now."
Ebony winced, imagining what was only seconds away.
The naga raised her sword, flicked out a snake like tongue, and flexed powerful muscles to give it her best shot.
The sword began its unbearable decent towards Ebony's hand.
A fleeting thought, Ebony considered, "forget the jewel, I should have taken that sword, just think of the coins I could fetch for that with an Islander witch."
The sward was about to connect, and possibly forever take Ebony's right hand with it.
Neshali paused and flicked a finger, and a flash of red stopped the sword a hair's width away from Ebony's wrist. "Oh... never mind that... come to think of it, I could use a thief. Have you ever been to the north? I'm sending Meyani to study there."
The naga hissed in frustration, sheathing its sword angrily and slowly turning to stone.
Ebony grinned through a bead of sweat dripping past her lips. She stood freely as the bonds holding her disappeared. Grabbing Jaza's cock and guiding it to her cunt she said; "As a matter of fact, I was thinking of going there next... I've never met a dragon before." As Neshali watched they fucked fast and hard to seal the deal.
------------------------------------------------------
Ebony: Human Female
This character may be used by others in their stories if the guidelines below are followed.
Physical:
An exotic beauty with a tall graceful athletic body, night black skin, and bleach blond hair often kept into pigtails or cut short. Add to this a nice inviting pink clit nearly always poking out from between her bare nether lips, the hood pierced with a charming little golden loop to match the ones in the prominent nipples crowning her small teats. Ebony wore little more than her birthday suit. Just two garters on each leg with knives in them, the piercings and the hair bands, and a small coin pouch on the garter of her right thigh. Otherwise, from head toe tip, she is a barefoot naked beauty with come hither pink eyes and pouty fuck-me mouth.
Personality:
Ebony has a thin moral compass. She will kill and steal without much guilt, but considers herself generally above killing. She is rather casual about having few cares beyond adventure and the next fuck. A classic sword and sorcery naked heroine, her idea of a line between good and evil is unclear at best. Ebony will think her plans through and take a careful approach to planning a job to avoid having to kill anyone, but often forgets some critical detail due to her lack of understanding of some things a native born person of Eros would intuit.
Sexuality:
Ebony is bisexual and open to any species she can see a general human aspect to. She would not care for centaurs, wolf-men, or cat-men.
Origin:
Ebony is an Outsider, from some other world. Like most Outsiders she has forgotten the truth of where she came from and what sort of world it was. She can only remember that it was somewhere else.
Social Status:
Vagabond, Mercenary, Hireling, freewoman. She is without status and without wealth. Any coin she makes is quickly spent on high living or getting to the next adventure.
Skills:
Ebony is an Olympic quality gymnast, a master climber, and a good thief. If it is possible for a human being to climb, ebony can. She can pick possessions from people, move about with stealth, and when needed she is rather handy with her collection of knives.
Companions:
None in particular. She might adopt some for an adventure or two, but does not keep permanent attachments.
Adversaries:
Like companions, her adversaries are episodic.
Tips:
She is best used in short 'comic book' like stories.
Ebony goes to X
Ebony and the X of Y
Ebony does X
etc...
Think of pulp like short fantasy stories.
------------------------------------------------------
Ebony's story is a part of the Eros Shared World (Eros), a project I'm looking for help on writing stories for.
Eros is:
- a fantasy genre world.
- It is a naked world. Mostly islands and small continents. The north gets too cold to live in. The south ends in a giant wall of fire.
- Only women can be mages.
- Magic is prevalent, and comes from sex and sex energy. Male cum gives the most energy, more if vaginal
- Mages cannot read and are very superstitious
- Mages are very busty, but don't suffer back pain or extreme sag due to their magic
- Mages live about five times longer than others, and only show age in their last year of life.
- Mages always have a guardian: an enchanted, usually male person who becomes doubly strong and fast, cannot be cut, is very hard to kill, takes injury like a "video game character" (as in fully capable until injury harms them enough to overcome the magic), and is magically forced to be loyal to their mage. They age at the same rate as the mage they serve.
- The world is mostly human, but not fully so. Others species should be mythic and not RPG, and not copyrighted.
- Material held by a commercial copyright elsewhere may not be used.
- All characters must be of adult age. Children don't exist.
- Birth requires magical help, with babies "born" as a 'seed' that is planted and cared for by mages until an 'adult' emerges some years later. Some variation on this for nomadic people.
The stories must follow some basic rules to participate:
- All erotic scenes in the stories must be consensual.
- All erotic scenes must be between sentient and anatomically compatible creatures.
- All fiction for the setting must be non-commercial for the entire story.
- Once a story is written for Eros it cannot be revoked for private publication elsewhere. It will always remain in the Eros community. World of Eros stories may never be sold.
- Fanfic of outside sources brought into the Eros world is prohibited.
Eros stories may not feature:
* anything violating the rules of this website
* mind control for sex
* scat / yellow showers
* sexual or sexualized torture
* sexual humiliation as a strong theme
* sexual mutilation (normal piercing, like a nipple or clit ring, is allowed)
Contact me if you would like to get involved / work together writing stories here in this genre.