"3...2...1. Okay next pose!" Someone shouts from the crowd.
This was originally going to be your shoot but running a cosplay shoot and being part of one was a difficult balancing act. It's actually kind of a relief to have someone else shouldering the responsibility, leaving you free to simply enjoy yourself. You take your new pose and wait for the endless click and flash of cameras.
"You're still wearing that cosplay." A voice whispers in your ear.
You ignore it. Clearly it wasn't meant for you.
"3...2...1. Okay next pose!"
You swap your position.
"You're still wearing that cosplay." The same voice repeats in your ear. "After all these years."
His lips are close enough to brush your ear. His breath tickles you neck. A shiver runs down your spine. Something about his voice is incredibly sexy, husky and masculine but without that macho note that sets your teeth on edge. This is the kind of voice that's sexy in its own right not, because he's trying to be. You shake your head, trying to get clear it of those kind of thoughts.
His voice is also somehow familiar, a distant half forgotten memory that still manages to stir something in you.
You start to turn around.
"Please everyone hold still while we're taking the photos." The voice in the crowd calls out.
You freeze, suddenly embarrassed that you moved, even more so that you reacted to him in the first place.
"I love this cosplay." You whisper back. "She's a certified bad ass."
"Of course." He whispers and you can hear the smug smile in his words.
"3...2..1...change poses." The voice shouts.
You turn, trying to see who the hell this guy behind you thinks he is, but everyone has shifted position. All you can see are the backs of so many white wigs. Someone who you know isn't the man you were talking to asks to pose with you.
You don't want to be rude.
You find a pose and hold it.
"Alright." The voice shouts. This is your chance, you know they have to be running out of poses. "How about ladies in the front guys in the back?"
Fuck.
Clearly whoever is running the shoot has to be in league with the mysterious stranger. You're torn between your own curiosity and your desire to get great shots and not to let the bastard, whoever he is, know he got to you.
Even if something about the mysterious stranger is oddly erotic.
You take your pose and wait.
The stranger doesn't disappoint.
"I always knew you'd pull that cosplay off." He whispers. "Leather pants suit you."
You can't help but smile, you've always liked the way you looked in leather pants.
"I have the hips to pull them off." You whisper.
"You have the ass to pull them off." He corrects you.
You smile again, pleased that he noticed.
"I didn't want to brag." You say quietly.
You hear him chuckle softly.
"Don't be modest." He whispers and again another shiver runs down your spine. "I know you know just how sexy you are."
"Keep that formation but change poses." The voice in the crowd shouts.
"Are you still there?" You ask your curiosity getting the better of you.
"Yes." the voice whispers simply.
A shiver runs down your spine.
You know you could turn and look. He's right there. There's nothing to stop you. Yet something about this game make it so much hotter not knowing.
"I'm not that sexy." You tell the man. "I don't look like-"
"You're beautiful." He says cutting you off.
"How do you know?" You ask. "Maybe it's just this cosplay."
"I've seen you." He says.
Somehow you feel that he really has seen you, the real you. He's seen all the way down, all the way into that secret part of yourself that you thought no one could see. The idea of that causes distant stirrings of arousal deep inside you.
How is he doing this to you? How is he making you feel these things with just his voice, just his words?
"I've seen the pictures." he says and suddenly the arousal is gone, replaced with ice cold fear.
"Wh-What pictures?" You ask, terrified but also knowing exactly what pictures he means.
"You know the ones I mean." he whispers. "The one's of the real you. The sexual you. Those naughty, powerful, wonderful.... Boudoir photos."
"Give us another pose." The voice shouts.
You start to turn, erotic mystery be dammed.
Yet even as you move a hand comes around and gently grabs your throat. You feel the plastic barrel of a toy gun against your temple.
"Yeah hold her hostage!" one of the photographers shouts gleefully.
You don't have to look to know it's him.
"I deleted those." you whisper through clenched teeth.
"Yet some part of you just can't let them go." He whispers. His body is pressed up against yours, tall, lean and full of muscle.
"Every time you delete one set you upload another, and each time that happens it's more explicit then the last." he tells you.
"They're just pinups." you protest, feeling yourself flush, embarrassed that someone like this knows your secret.
"They're beautiful." he says his lips brushing your ear in a way that almost feels like a kiss. "Just like you."
"I don't do that kind of thing anymore." You tell him with a shake of your head. A photographer groans and you glare at him until he turns away. "I got tired of the harassment"
"Some people can't appreciate art." he says and you smile. "besides for every vocal dickhead I'm sure a thousand silent men like me wait, breathless, for the next upload."
You snort derisively, sure it's not true, sure his words are lies and exaggeration.
"Change poses!" the voice shouts.
You don't even try to move instead waiting for the stranger to take the lead and show you what to do. The toy gun comes away, a foam sword rising up to take its place against your throat. You can still feel him pressed up against you. With a start you realize his crotch is pressed tight to your ass. You give it a wiggle. There's a sharp inhale near your ear. He wasn't expecting that, and better yet he likes it too.
"Behave." he growls softly.
"Is that really what you want?" You ask feeling the part of you that always gets you into trouble coming out, the same part of you that suggested that maybe a cosplay bdsm shoot would be super hot.
One of you hands slinks back behind you, away from the cameras, and suddenly you can feel his cock hard against your hand, straining against the fabric of his bright red pants. He gasps as your fingertips brush the shaft. You smile.
"I though you didn't do this king of thing anymore." he whispers, his breath ragged as your fingertips playing with his cock.
"I said I'm trying to stay out of trouble." you whisper, "but it looks like trouble found me."
"Are there any other poses anyone wants to see?" the voice asks, a common symbol the shoot is wrapping up.
"Looks like our time here is almost over." he whispers and you feel your heart sink, he might have been done but you were just getting started. He pulls away from you and the sword leaves your throat.
"Will I see you again?" you ask hating yourself for sounding like such a cliché.
"Maybe." he whispers and his voice sounds far away.
"8 o'clock by the water." you blurt out.
There's no response. You turn around. Whoever he was, he's gone now. Had he heard you? If he had would he be there? You don't have any answers, but you do have hope. The fire he's lit inside you is still burning but all you can do is wait.
***
The night is calm and while not cold definitely has a chill in the air. If you'd been dressed for it then maybe it wouldn't have been so bad but you'd forgotten about the other shoot you had planned and had to run to get here in time, and even then you barely made it here in time.
And after all that the bastard hadn't even shown up.
Maybe it was time to give up. You don't want to be out here anyways, especially not wearing this outfit. After-all who did you think was going to show up anyways? Him? The one who got away? I wasn't him. Of course not. You didn't even want it to be him.
"You changed." he whispers in your ear.
You jump, startled. You hadn't even heard him come up behind you.
"It's been years." you say frazzled. "People said I needed to put on some weight-"
He laughs.
"I meant you costume." he says stepping closer.
Once again you can feel him against you. Once again your body begins to respond to him.
"I-I" you stammer unable to gather your thoughts. "I had a shoot."
"The silver wig suits you." he says kissing at your ear.
Part of you wants to stop him, part of you wants to turn around and find out what his lips would feel like on yours. Unable to decide you stay where you are and unbidden, a moan escapes your lips.
"Normally it's the skintight latex that gets men's attention." you point out.
His kisses move to your neck. You feel his hands on your hips, gentle at first but eager to explore.
"I did notice." He whispers.
One of his hands comes up, delicately and playfully exploring around your breast. It's not the laser focused attack that you're used to where men go straight for the nipple but become unsure what to do when they get there. This is someone who knows what he's doing and isn't afraid to take his time.
"Stop." you whisper, afraid he'll hear you but also afraid he won't.
He does. His hands leave your breast and your hips, retreating up to your shoulders. His lips come away from your neck.
"What's wrong?" He asks sounding genuinely concerned.
"What if someone see us out here?" You ask.
He chuckles again and somehow the bastard makes even that sound erotic somehow.
You feel his breath on your neck again, the lips inching tantalizingly close to your skin. You know he's playing with you and yet your body can't help but respond. His hands seem to be everywhere, touching, caressing, fondling you. He's drawing something out of you and it's all you can do to suppress a moan.
You fail and the sound escapes your lips anyways.
"Does it concern you?" He asks his hand slipping back down over your latex clad body. "Or does it excite you?"
"Both." You finally admit, not just to him but to yourself as well. You like the idea of him taking you right there in the harbor, right against the railing, knowing that anyone could suddenly walk up and see you there getting pounded in public by a man who's face you still haven't seen.
You hear him growl in appreciation. Apparently that was the right answer. His touch becomes a little rougher. You like it. You moan again. One of his hands strays lower, not quite low enough, just far enough down to drive you just a little mad. The other hand comes up, the delicate fingers finally find your nipple. His touch is light yet his actions rough. Other hands have touched you there but none have touched you quite like that.
You moan again.
"Please." you whisper.
"Please what?" he asked.
You know he's baiting you. You don't want to give into him. Then his fingers do something to your nipple and somehow your brain just doesn't work any more. You mumble your reply, too scared or ashamed to let him hear your worlds.
"What was that?" He asked repeating his trick again. His other hand is doing something but you can't, don't care to figure out the specifics of because all that matters is that it's making you feel so good. All that's left in you is your desire.
"Fuck me." you whisper.
"What?" He asks. He'd heard you and you both know it. He just wants to make you say it again.
"Please." you add too ashamed to repeat it.
"Please what?" He asks. His fucking lips are on your neck, continuing to tease you.
"Please fuck me!" You finally demand. "Fuck me right here. Right now."
You can feel him smile. It doesn't matter. Let the bastard have his satisfaction, as long as you get yours. You hear him inhale. The anticipation is driving you mad.
"No." he whispers.
"What?" You exclaim almost turning around but his arms hold you tight. Strong many arms, not to muscular not too lean.
"Not here." he whispers nibbling your ear playfully. "Over there"
You look. He's right, that spot is much better. Its dark and secluded and not directly in front of the hotel doors. You blush. How the hell did he manage to turn you on so much that you just asked him to fuck you right there in the open?
You pull away from him and realize how cold it is out here. Your body is still so hot though. Even though he's not touching you anymore you can still imagine it, phantom hands touching, massaging, and caressing every part of your body. What a bastard he is. You put a little extra swing in your step, your hips and ass have always been amazing and when they're tucked into skin tight black latex you know without looking back exactly where he's staring.
The area he indicated is in a small corner, tucked away deep in the shadows. There's a small building that looks for all the world like a house, though it isn't as it's on the grounds of a massive hotel. It's also surrounded by small trees which break the sight-line to the hotel but not so badly that you won't see or hear someone coming. At least you hope so. Then he's touching you again and you don't care anymore.
It's so dark out that it feels like you've been blindfolded, which only makes the feeling of his hands on you body that much more erotic. A small moan escapes your mouth.
"shh." he whispers bringing a finger up to your lips.
You smile and take his finger into your mouth. He seems surprised at first and then you set your tongue to work and he suddenly understands. This is your chance to show him the he's not the only one with skills. You work your tongue around the shaft of his finger slowly, beginning to bob up and down.
You suck hard creating a vacuum around him. He moans. You smile. You take the finger out of you mouth and gently flick you tongue across the tip. He moans again. You take the finger back into your mouth again, making sure you take it all the way to the knuckle. Your lipstick is getting smeared and you don't care at all. Right now your only concern is pleasure, both his and yours.
You take the finger out of your mouth and guild his hand down to your crotch. He feels the zipper there and you both smile.
"Naughty naughty." he whispers.
"Me?" you respond playfully.
"I hope so." he says.
"Only one way to find out." you say turning around and presenting him with your glorious ass.
He's careful and more then a little playful as he pulls down your zipper.
"No panties?" he says as he feels the soft tuft of your public hair escape from the opening in your catsuit.
You shake your head.
"It ruins the line of the costume." you say.
He makes a sound of appreciation deep in his throat and snuggles his face into your neck. You feel his breath hot against your skin, his lips, his teeth, you feel his fingers teasing you between your legs even as his other hand slips into the top of your outfit and begins to fondle your breast. His hands are cold at first but quickly warm up against your skin. The sensation is surprisingly enjoyable. What doesn't surprise you is how good his fingers make you feel.
You moan.
He chuckles.
Even as his right hand pulls down your chest zipper exposing your breasts the hand between you legs pulls away briefly to finish unzipping you. He slides the zipper all the way up and back leaving you fully exposed, not just in the front but in the rear as well. There are butterflies in your stomach. You know you shouldn't be doing this. You know you could get caught. You're fully on display now with no chance to cover up if someone were to come around the corner. Then his fingers return to your nipple and you don't care anymore. Let them fucking watch. You feel good about yourself and unashamed of who and what you are, at least part of which is a nasty little exhibitionist about to get fucked in one of your favorite cosplays right outside of the convention. If only you had a camera, or better yet a photographer, because this would make one hell of a set. Maybe next time.
Its so dark you can't see where his hands are as they explore your body but you can feel them. His touch is so light and yet so tantalizing. Every brush of skin against skin is electric. You both know whats coming and as dizzying as his touch is you decide that maybe it's time for you to take a little bit of control. You like foreplay as much as the next girl but he's a little too good at this and it's time he stops teasing and starts pleasing.
You turn around, placing your back against the wall. You can tell he's surprised by this sudden shift in position even though its too dark for you two to see one another. He steps forward his cock hard against your ass. He snuggles up behind you putting his face close enough to kiss but you he doesn't, instead you both stand there feeling each others breath, neither willing to be the first to make the move. The sexual tension is painful. Then he reaches his hand out and touches you.
The sensation is explosive. He takes another step forward, pinning you against the wall. With his free hand he pulls your arms up over you head, with the other he rubs a finger down the top of your pubic mound and into you hairy nether regions.
You moan. Not loudly. Just a soft involuntary whimper that slips out of your lips without your control.
He takes it as an invitation to continue. The finger is joined by friends and they begin to explore. Your body is so unbelievably sensitive and receptive to his touch. He knows what to do, where to touch, how to draw the pleasure out of you. But he doesn't enter you, not yet.
"Mhmm. You're so wet." he praises you.
You smile and slip one of your hands free from his grasp. Tentatively you reach down and take his hand at the wrist, guiding his hand to your mouth. You're not sure about this but decide that it's worth it to put on a show. You take his fingers once again into your mouth, though this time they're slick with your own fluids. Slowly and methodically you lick them clean. As you do your bodies shift a little and you can feel his cock pressing against your thigh. It's still trapped by his pants but you can fix that.
"You're so hard." you whisper, giving him a taste of his own medicine.
Your other hand comes down and begins to massage his cock through his pants. It's a very nice cock. Great length, solid girth, not too big, not too small. The thought of that thing in your mouth makes you feel giddy. You wish there was more light so you could see it properly but touch will have to do.
He pulls you in close. He's breathing heavily. You slide your hand slowly down his cloth covered shaft and cup the head in your hands. His breath catches in his throat and you smile to yourself. Is this how it felt to be him just moments before? Then his hands are touching your body again. They're not as gentle as they were before but if anything that's even more exciting. You fumble with his belt, your damned gloves getting in the way. You get it unbuckled and pull at his pants, too aroused to take your time. His hands are driving every thought from your mind except for the memory of his dick.
Somewhere far in a deep dark distant part of your mind some horrible nasty prudish part of you wonders when you became such a nasty whore. You take a second to tell that part of you that if it wants to open its goddamned mouth it can tongue your fucking asshole while you take this glorious dick.
You're so ready. He's ready too. Any second now you'll finally feel him inside of you. Your breath fogs in the air. You can feel him readying himself. He spreads your legs a little wider. You arch your back opening yourself up to him, offering yourself to him. You feel the head of his cock warm against your opening. You both take a breath at the same time.
And then his dick slides inside of you.
You moan.
You know it's too loud.
You know you shouldn't.
You don't give a fuck.
His cock is so hard, your pussy is so wet.
You can hear him moan in your ear.
This is ecstasy.
This is heaven.
He pulls back and thrusts deeper. Your eyelids flutter as your brain shorts out for a second. Then he pulls out again and you have a second of clarity when you're not filled with dick to think and that same horrible nasty prudish part of you is concerned with how much you're loving getting plowed in the open but the other bigger part of you hopes that this time when he thrusts in that he fills you all the way up with his cock.
You want him to use you.
You want him to fill you up.
You want to feel him fill you up.
You want to make him cum.
And then he starts to move and his cock is slamming all the way into you.
You feel it like slow motion. Each inch seems to take hours to slip inside of you. Each second is unbelievable pleasure and by the time you feel his hips meet your ass your brain has stopped registering anything except for the immense pleasure radiating out from your cunt. You feel your eyes cross and lose focus and your tongue slip out of your mouth.
How could a cock make you feel so good?
The he starts thrusting and all you care about is making sure that he doesn't stop.
There's a rhythm to his moments that your body responds to. The sound of his hips slapping into your ass is instinctive, primal. You arch your back more, trying to offer him more of you. His hands are tight on your hips.
Each thrust is maddening.
Your pussy is dripping.
You can't hold back your moans anymore.
His hand comes around and covers your mouth. Somehow that's even hotter.
You lose it as his cock thrusts so deep inside of you that you feel his head tough the opening to your womb. You mind goes completely blank and then fills with fireworks. You feel your toes curl. Your heart skips a beat but it's exciting, sexy, and when it starts beating again you've known the unknowable and finally understand why the french call it the little death. Your body shakes with the orgasm and your legs threaten to give out. But his hard cock and soft hands keep you up.
You're not a woman anymore, just a bundle of nerve ends held together by the continued promise of pleasure, one which he is more than living up to. The sensation of his prick sliding in and out of you is enough to make you want to leave your world behind and simply live in the impossible rolling pleasure his cock is offering you.
You moan and toss your hips back again.
"Fuck." he moans in your ear.
You smile.
"Fuck." he moans again, only this time it has an edge to it that you recognize.
His hand comes down and massages your breast.
"Oh god." you moan.
His thrusting becomes faster, more frantic, less rhythmic.
"Oh fuck." he says again. "I'm getting close."
The smug voice in the back of your head points out that you don't remember him putting on a condom. Another voice points out that this is just like a scene from a hentai you read and that's kind of hot. It would feel so very good to have him finish inside of you, to feel that warm spunk filling you up. To feel it dripping down your thighs. But then you have another thought. A better thought.
"I want you to cum in my mouth" you say timidly.
"What?" he asks his rhythm disrupted.
"Cum in my mouth!" You declare more confidently.
"Yeah?" he asks and you can hear the smile in his voice.
"Yeah." you tell him, pausing to moan as his cock slides particularly deep. "I want to taste you- feel you- in my mouth."
He's thrusting hard, trying to hold back but you know you've gotten him worked up.
"You're a nasty little slut aren't you." he whispers.
"Is that a problem?"
He rips his dick out and you realize you pushed him to the very edge. You drop to your knees, turning back around and take the tip of his cock into your mouth. You can taste yourself on him, the flavor mingling with his precum. Its delicious. You scramble to pull off your gloves and toss them to the floor. One of your hands comes up to jack off his cock into your mouth the other slips between your legs rubbing away. You look up at him but in the darkness you cant see anything. That's okay, it just makes it hotter.
You focus on your task in hand, working his shaft and sucking on the head. You realize vaguely that you have to be getting your black lipstick all over his cock. You smile and go a little deeper, as you might as well leave him something to remember you by. He moans loudly and you know he's going to burst any second. You pull his dick out of your mouth and run your lips up and down his shaft, getting lipstick everywhere.
He grabs your head and you know it's time. His cock sloppy with you lipstick, saliva, and juices slides so easily past your lips and into your mouth. You position him in your mouth so that he's not too deep and when he lets loose it won't slam into the back of your throat chocking you but will fill your mouth up instead. You pump his shaft furiously and work your tongue over the head of his cock.
Then he's cumming.
You close your eyes and focus. There's so much of it, you can feel him blast load after load of rich sticky seaman into your mouth. You can hear him moaning and praying and letting out rough grunts above you. Every time you think it's over another flood of cum blasts into your mouth. It's thick and bitter and salty and yet you love it. You splash your tongue around in it. You're proud of what you did. You earned this. You took it all in your mouth and didn't spill a drop. It's been a while since you had mouth full of spunk and you savor it, sucking on the tip of his penis, trying to suck out every last drop.
Finally he pulls his dick out of your mouth with an audible pop.
You have one last trick to show him and so you take a few steps back until you're just on the edge of the light. You can still see him standing in the darkness, just a shadowy figure in the gloom but you know he's watching you. You open your mouth and show him the mouthful of his cum, then running your tongue through the delicious semen on last time, swallow it all down in a single gulp.
He whistles appreciatively.
You walk back over and join him in the shadows. You put you arms around his neck, he puts his hands on your hips. You want to kiss him but you can still taste his spunk on your lips and doubt he'd appreciate it.
"You are nasty." he says more than a little in awe.
You smile.
"You should see me when I'm not outside and in a hurry." You tell him.
"Yeah?" He asks.
"Yeah." You purr back seductively.
You reach down and take his cock into your hand once more but this time you simply ease it back into his pants. Even half erect he's still impressive.
"Why don't you come up to my room and I'll show you?"
He shakes his head.
"I can't tonight." h says apologetically before offering "Tomorrow?"
I pretend to think about it.
"I'll be in a different cosplay." you warn.
"Even better." he says and kisses you softly on the top of your head.
You feel a business card slide into you suit between your breasts.
"See you then." He says and slips away into the shadows.
Once he's gone you suddenly realize the state you're in and quickly set about zipping yourself up and grabbing you gloves from the ground. Your lipstick has almost completely smeared off, you wig is falling off and your mouth is still covered in the taste of his jizz.
You smile.
What a way to finish off Friday night.