Please rate, and comment.
I can't become a better writer and I can't write stories that my readers like without feedback.
Thank you.


I'm a software consultant, so I travel all the time, twice a week, every week. I go to different places every month or three, but always through my local airport.
A few weeks ago, I had a wardrobe malfunction. The elastic on my underwear gave out - they dropped down around my knees - leaving my crotch loose and free. I found out that I really liked going commando on my travels. My cock moved against my pants and felt so good that I got fully erect and stayed that way until I was able to take care of it.
I also loved knowing that my hard cock was making a bulge in my pants that anyone could see. I was still very embarrassed by it -- but that just added to the thrill.
It had led me into some interesting adventures. One week I had been pulled aside by one of the ticketing agents - Michelle - for a fantastic blowjob. The next week another passenger on the plane -- Heather - and I shared a fantastic in-air session of mutual masturbation.
All of this made me hornier every time I went to the airport. I was always hard and leaking when I flew out of my local airport.
Since she had started working, I had an enormous crush on a female TSA Agent named Lucy. She had a luscious mom-bod with good size breasts and a great booty. Her breasts were a bit bigger than grapefruit and looked to be full but pendulous. Unlike most of her co-workers she always had a twinkle in her eye like she was just about to smile. It always made my morning brighter when she was the one checking tickets and IDs.
Last week, Lucy had chided me for being late, and told me to be at the airport with plenty of time. This week I got to the airport early. I knew, from my encounter with Michelle, that there had been gossip flying around about me and my tented slacks. I hoped, nay dreamed, that Lucy had heard some of this, and she was going to participate in some fun with me.
When I got to the security line, I was excited to see Lucy working. But then she looked up, saw me, and frowned. My heart crashed, and so did my cock. When I got up to the front of the line, she waved me over to her station. She checked my ID and boarding pass a couple of times and kept frowning. Finally, she looked up at me, with a hardness in her eyes.
"Sir, I'm sorry, there seems to be something wrong with your ID. It's been flagged in the system. I'm going to need you to go through security screening and meet me on the other side. I'll have to take you back into the security area and hold you while I figure out what's going on."
I must have had a very shocked expression on my face, and started to stammer "Umm, Umm, what?" She frowned again, and said "Sir, this is standard procedure. I'm sure it's a mistake in the system somewhere, but we can't let you travel until we get this sorted out." She gave me my ID and boarding pass back and waved me through to the screening area.
The screening guards must have been alerted as well because they unpacked everything I had in my carry on and searched it thoroughly, including checking it for hidden pockets. They did the same thing with my laptop bag. They eyed the USB flash drives I had, and I really hoped that they wouldn't confiscate them. I had a lot of customer and project information on those drives. I finally got my stuff packed back up and walked out of the screening area.
Lucy was standing there waiting for me. She still had a hard look in her eyes and a flat grimace on her face. She stepped forward, pulled me away from the screening area, and stopped. She pulled me around to face her.
Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. Her smile was broad and just a bit wicked, and her eyes were twinkling with glee. I noticed that she was wearing the same black-cherry colored lipstick that Michelle the ticket agent had been wearing. I immediately blushed and got rock hard again. Lucy looked down at my cock, looked back up at me, and ran her tongue across her lips just a bit.
"Sir, as I said I need to take you back into a security area." She blinked innocently, and then got that same wicked grin back on her face. "If you go down around this corner, you'll find a pod that is set up for nursing mothers. It should be unoccupied. Get in the pod, take your pants down, and wait for me."
My cock throbbed three or four times, and enough pre-cum came out that there was an obvious dribble. Following her instructions, I found the pod easily. I pulled my luggage inside and closed the door.
The inside of the pod had a bench seat along the right wall with some pillows, a fold-up diaper changing tray on the back wall, and a TV on the left wall. I assumed the TV was there to provide some noise, so that people on the outside wouldn't be disturbed by any noises being made inside. There was also scent emitter. It smelled vaguely like vanilla.
I moved my luggage out of the way, took my pants off and hung them over the collapsible handle on my bag, and sat down. Lucy came in about two minutes later. She shut the door behind her and turned the knob to let people know it was occupied.
She turned around and said "No, that's entirely wrong! Get a pillow and kneel on it in front of the bench." I blinked my eyes in surprise a couple of times and then did what she asked.
That wicked grin and sparkle in her eyes returned, and my cock throbbed to acknowledge it.
She then started taking off all her clothes. When she took off her shirt, I was a bit disappointed to see that she was wearing a sheer camisole. She undid her belt, pulled down her pants and then pulled off the camisole.
She stood up just a bit, put her hands on her hips, and looked down at me. She was still wearing a bra and panties. They weren't very fancy either, just every-day go to work underwear. Her breasts were full and just a bit droopy. I could sort of see nipples pushing against the bra, but not very well. Moving my eyes down, I followed her curvy belly to her generous hips and booty. Again, I couldn't see much, but her pussy looked like she had shaved, and I almost thought I saw a wet spot.
"Oh, you like what you see, don't you? You've been ogling me since I started. I always thought you were cute. After Michelle started talking about what she'd seen and done; your... pants... really caught my eye."
"Now get ready for the big reveal!" She stroked her lips with her tongue just a bit. She undid her bra and stepped out of her panties. My cock hadn't stopped throbbing and drooling since she entered the pod, but it gave a big twitch and spattered just a bit of pre-cum around.
Her breasts were just as fabulous as I'd imagined. Her nipples were hard, and her areola were in nice proportion with her breasts. All in all, very tasty looking!
She sat down on the bench and spread her legs. She had shaved everything, and her lips were puffy and open a bit, and I could see a little bit of moisture there. She took two fingers on her right hand and stroked around her pussy and across her clit a couple of times. She made a tiny shudder every time she touched her clit.
"Well, sir, are you expecting a hand-embossed invitation? Scoot that pillow over between my legs and get cracking! I've been waiting to serve someone a good meal for a while! "
My eyes bugged out a bit, and my cock throbbed and dribbled again. I moved the pillow forward and knelt. I pushed her legs apart so I could kiss and nibble on her inner thighs while moving teasingly close to her pussy and away again. I could see her lips getting fuller and she started oozing just a bit. I took a deep whiff and enjoyed her scent.
Then I pulled her legs up over my shoulders and leaned in. I lightly touched her pussy with my tongue in different places. Occasionally I would dab at her clit and every time she made that same shudder.
"Hurry up! You're going to be late for your plane!"
I took the cue, and dove in. I stroked between her lips with my tongue and thrust in and out of her. She made a noise somewhere between a purr, a growl, and a moan. I kept at this for just a little bit longer and then switched to her clit. I repeatedly flicked and swirled around it with my tongue and sucked on it. She was really moaning now. I realized we hadn't turned on the tv and hoped that it wasn't too loud outside.
As I kept working her clit, I slid two fingers into her pussy and stroked in slowly. I was careful to avoid her g-spot, just to edge her for a bit longer.
"More! More! Deeper! Keep fucking me with your mouth!".
I really hoped nobody could hear from the outside.
She thrust her hips up against my face and my fingers. She grabbed both her nipples and was tugging and twisting them. Her eyes were closed, and she was panting between making noises.
I knew she was close, so I moved my two fingers to actively stroke her g-spot and ramped the speed up. I pulled her clit into my mouth and started sucking and flicking it with my tongue.
She started to spasm, let go of one of her nipples, and covered her mouth. She spasmed and yelled into her hand. My fingers had been getting progressively wetter, but they were suddenly doused. I slowed down sucking her clit and stroking her g-spot a lot - waiting for her to come back to her senses. She started to rouse but then spasmed and flooded my hand again.
She suddenly grabbed my head and pushed it back from her. Taking a cue that she might be over stimulated, I pulled my fingers out. I realized that not only was my hand covered in her juices, but my chin was, and it was starting to slide down onto my shirt. I quickly wiped it up with a baby wipe that was in easy reach.
She was still slumped against the bench with her eyes closed. Feeling a bit naughty, I took her panties, wrapped the outside around my cock head, and stroked a little bit. I left a nice wet spot for her to remember me by.
My watch started beeping an alarm saying that I needed to head to the gate. She came out of her daze, looked down at my still throbbing cock, gave it a quick tug and then got dressed. "Don't be late for your plane, sir!" She stepped out of the pod and shut the door behind her.
I looked at my cock, then looked at my watch. I didn't have any time to take care of myself before I had to board! That wicked, glorious, fabulous woman left me in the lurch! On purpose! I threw on my pants, grabbed my luggage and trotted to the gate.
As I was boarding the plane, I saw Heather behind me. She didn't seem to notice, even after I waved. I hoped I'd be able to get someone to switch seats so we could sit ... together... again, but I got stuck at a window seat with an elderly couple next to me. Even if they were willing to switch seats, they'd probably have too much trouble moving through the aisle.
I just hoped they didn't ask for a blanket.