Evelyn sat back as her boyfriend caressed her feet, "Do they feel any better now Eve?" he asked.
He was so attentive to her she thought. He was certainly a keeper she mused, "Yes they do," as she put her hand into the bag of marshmallows they had brought along as a after dinner snack for their picnic in the park and plucked one out and pressing it against his lips. He groaned as he sucked the sweet in, "So sweet, just like you," he said.
Aaron loved saying sweet things like that to her, she had gotten used it to now and didn't regularly blush any longer. "I'm sweet? I thought you said I was the devil this morning when you were lying under me," she taunted him.
Aaron reached into the bag and pulled out some more marshmallows and pressed them to her lips. "You can be when you want to be, I haven't forgotten about that," he said his eyes aflame with desire.
She pushed him over and kissed him with her mouth full of the sticky sweetness. They both groaned their tongues stroking each others cleaning up the sticky mess.
Aaron pushed her off and picked her up, pushing her up against a nearby tree making the leaves on the tree shake slightly.
She groaned as he shoved her up against the hard rough wood of the tree, his hard length pressing against her leg as he pulled up her shirt. She so loved how his cock curved slightly when he got hard, his curve did the most deliciously naughty things to her insides.
"Mmmm.. as much as I love you ravishing me Aaron, we can't do this here, its a park!" she cried.
"Nobody will bother us here Eve, everybody sticks to the gardens this place is so much quieter, nobody will know I promise," he said as he finished pulling her shirt off and nipped a trail up her neck.
She groaned and grasped at his shirt, she wanted his chest bare, wanted to feel his cut muscles rubbing up against her. She pulled it up over his head as he pushed her up against the rough scratchy bark of the tree behind her. It sent tremors of pleasure across her body, she squeaked in surprise as his lips latched on to a nipple as he manipulated the other.
She raked her nails up and down his back making him shudder, she knew just the right pressure to set him off.
He groaned as her raking sent pleasurable spikes through his body. He reached behind her and tugged her dress open then pulled it off along with her panties. He quickly dropped to his knees, he flicked his tongue over her lips making her squirm.
"One thing you need to learn Eve is, I can tease just as well as you can," he said looking up to her a devilish cast to his gaze as he leaned back into her pressing his tongue inside of her scraping his nails along her thighs. She squirmed and bucked against him fisting her hands into his short thick hair. Her nails scraping his scalp making him groan as he went about teasing her lips and her walls with his tongue, lips and fingers.
"Give me your cock Aaron! I need it!" she cried as she squirmed under his caresses.
"I'm not ready yet," he said his voice deep with desire, his thick bulge was now visibly evident to her hungry eyes as he thrust his tongue deep inside of her, wanting to bring her to a screaming climax as his nails raked her thighs teasingly, his lips sucking on her lips as his tongue burrowed deeper.
She dug her nails into his head and tugged hard making him grunt as blistering heat shot through him. She tugged on his hair hard as he drove her over the edge it was too much for her she wailed out and was suddenly worried that somebody would rush to her 'rescue.'
Her orgasm blasted her away as Aaron looked up to her with his burning gaze. She wanted him NOW, she dragged him up onto his feet and unbuttoned his jeans wrenching his zipper down.
She was thankful he never wore underwear as she shoved his jeans down. "Fuck me now dammit," she cursed as he chuckled at her sexily.
"As my lady commands it," he said grinning as he grasped her hips and pushed in. He groaned as her wet heat clamped over him. He gasped as her nails dug into his ass pushing him all the way into her.
She linked her legs with his as he started thrusting into her. She pushed back against him once he pulled back. Making him hiss, "Don't you tease me or it will be so much longer for I'm ready," he warned her as her pussy squeezed him tightly as he pulled back each time.
She grinned and said "Why not its fun?" Then she groaned as he slammed back into her quickly, starting a rough, hard pace slamming her against the tree. She knew she was going to have marks but she loved Aaron's roughness it really got her hot as she grasped his ass tightly and thrust herself against him.
She let go of his ass as he slammed into her she dragged her nails up his back to his neck and sunk her nails in. He let out as shuddering groan as her nail tracks throbbed on his back as he thrust deeply into her, hard and fast as he lost all sense of self.
Her climax was steadily approaching as she could feel Aaron ready to burst inside of her. She did the one thing certain to set him off she dug her teeth into the neck joint to his shoulder.
He bellowed out as her orgasm crashed over her, his release crashed through him, being squeezed for every last drop as he pulsed hard and fast inside of her. She wrapped her arms around his back and pulled him tight against her as she milked every last drop from his shuddering shaking body.
He collapsed against her and said "Damn woman, are you trying to kill me or something?"
She giggled and said "I could say the same thing about you Aaron," she rested her chin on his shoulder absorbing the feel of his hot sweaty muscles pressed up against her. "We better get dressed and get out of here before security shows up," he murmured as he kissed her shoulder.