The Camp -- Wedding Bells
Vanessa squinted at the bright morning sunlight coming through the window, stretched her arms over head and yawned. She looked over to her fiancé still snoring and smiled. She was anxious for the day she would be saying wedding vows with him.
She crawled out from under the covers, careful not to disturb Troy. She arrived at the kitchen to find her mother, Nancy, already there.
"Morning, mom," Vanessa said in a half-awake voice.
Nancy turned, "oh hi, sweetheart." She pointed at the coffee maker and asked, "just made. Want some?"
"Please," Vanessa replied empathically.
Neither spoke a word as cups were poured and the two made their way out to the front porch. They sat next to each other on the front porch swing. Though it was still early morning, the sun had already started to warm the air. There were no sounds except for the singing birds flitting from tree to tree. It was the best time of the day for both of them.
Nancy broke the silence, "are you still planning on having your wedding here?"
"Why not?"
Nancy shrugged her shoulders, "I don't know. It is a beautiful place."
"It does and it's where I get to live."
"But," Nancy started to add, "not all of the people you invited know exactly what kind of place this is."
Vanessa thought for a moment, "True, they might be a little hesitant at first but I'm willing to bet they'll decide to be here."
"What makes you so sure?"
"Well, all of them have met Troy and swooned over him. If they know they'll get a chance to see him in his natural state, as it were, they'll jump at the chance," Vanessa laughed at the thought of her friend ogling her fiancé in the nude.
Nancy nodded her head and smiled, "I can understand that. I know I do," she said as she turned her head to her daughter and smiled.
Several more minutes passed as the pair enjoyed the quiet of the morning. Vanessa glanced at her mother and noticed something.
She nodded at the triangle of fur between her mother's legs, "you're letting it grow back?"
She and Nancy had talked about the difference between Vanessa's bare pubic area versus her mothers, which was kept neatly trimmed.
Nancy looked down and spread her legs a little. She ran her fingers through the dark hair adorning her nether region. "Troy told me one evening after, well you know, that it missed it. I decided to let it grow."
"Interesting. He never said he wanted me to let mine grow."
Nancy laughed and replied, "I asked that same thing," she turned to face Vanessa, "he said this way het gets the best of both worlds."
Nancy started laughing and Vanessa looked at her inquisitively.
"Can you imagine," Nancy started, "Agnes and Monica having this conversation."
Agnes and Monica Anderson were long-time next-door neighbors when they lived in town. When Nancy moved and sold her house, she simply told Agnes that she was going to live with her daughter. Agnes was the type of person that Nancy imagined would rather crawl under a rock that talk about anything to do with sex.
"Oh god," Nancy said, "not in this lifetime."
"I wonder what she's going to do when she gets the wedding invitation," Vanessa smiled as she took a sip of her coffee.
Nancy slowly shook her head and thought for a minute. "You know Bobby just turned 18. Are you inviting him too?"
Vanessa faced her mother, "Of course. When I used to babysit him, I caught him a few times trying to sneak peaks under my skirt." Vanessa paused for a moment, "now he won't have to sneak."
Nancy laughed, "oh you are evil."
****
Nancy wandered around the area where the cabins sat. A lot had changed since she first bought the place. She was able to buy some of the land that sat adjacent to the original property and preserve it. Troy and a few volunteers built trails through the new grounds along with some ideal 'meeting' spots, as they called them for couples as they were on the trail.
They also built a few more cabins. Remodeled and upgraded the existing cabins as well as improved the parking area and made the common building a true clubhouse or 'community' center. This was all done by taking advantage of the fact that they didn't have any visitors in 2020 due to Covid. But they re-opened their gates this year and started welcoming back some of the people who used the frequent the Camp.
Nancy was inspecting one of the cabins when her cellphone rang. She usually didn't have it with her as just where was she going to put it when she wasn't using it? But she was expecting a call from Carol. She had turned over the daily running of the real estate office that she still owned but semi-retired after living permanently at the Camp.
"Hello?"
"Nancy, this is Agnes," said the caller.
"Agnes, how good to hear from you. Vanessa and I were just talking about you this morning. How are you?" Nancy was anticipating this call and questions regarding the wedding invitation.
"I'm good, I'm good. I wanted to talk to you about the wedding invitation," Agnes said.
"Yes, both Vanessa and I are hoping you and Bill can make it. We go back a long time."
"Yes, we do."
"And you know that Monica and Bobby are welcome to come as well. Nancy smiled thinking that Bobby would probably cum without anyone having to touch him just by looking at a naked Vanessa.
"Nancy, I just want to make sure that I'm reading this right. It says that '...the Camp is an adults only Naturist retreat.' And that I don't have to worry about what to wear at a wedding."
"It does. We thought we'd put a little humor into the invitation."
"I see," Agnes replied.
"I know what you're thinking, Agnes. I was in the same place at one time."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, when I was asked to buy the place to keep it the way it is rather let some developer destroy it."
"Is that where Vanessa lives now? The place you're now living?" Agnes asked, realizing where Nancy had moved to.
"Yes, it is, Agnes. And I wouldn't trade it for the world," Nancy replied with obvious joy in her voice.
"But, you go, you're," Agnes couldn't finish.
"Naked," Nancy finished for her.
"Everyone can see you. All of you," Agnes exclaimed.
"And I can see all of them," Nancy retorted. "And nobody cares. It's such a freeing feeling."
"I don't know, Nancy. It sounds like a little much for me," Agnes said in a quiet voice.
"I understand," Nancy replied with sympathy in her voice. "Talk it over with Bill. We'd love to have you here, but I don't want you to feel pressured."
There were a few seconds of silence before Agnes replied, "thanks. Wish Vanessa luck for me."
"I will, Agnes," Nancy said. "Are we still on for lunch next Wednesday?"
"Of course, Nance," Agnes replied with a little more cheer in her voice.
"Good. I'll talk to you then."
"See you then," Agnes replied, and they both hung up.
Nancy thought for a few moments, 'Vanessa will be disappointed but that went better than I thought it would'.
****
Nancy walked on the refurbished trail around the small lake. The feel of the light warm breeze on her skin and all its exposed parts felt good. Being naked felt good. It was a freeing feeling. She had to think when was the last time she actually wore any clothes. If anyone would have told her five years ago, she would be living a naked lifestyle, she would have slapped them.
Her phone rang again. She was surprised to see that it was Agnes again, "hello?"
"Nancy? Agnes."
"Hi, Agnes."
"Listen, about meeting up Wednesday," Agnes started.
Nancy immediately felt a little sadness beginning to develop, "yes."
"How about if I meet you at your house," Agnes asked with some hesitation in her voice.
"You mean where I live now?" Nancy asked to confirm she heard Agnes correctly.
"Yes," Agnes replied with a stutter in her voice.
"You know that I'll be naked and others will be to?"
"Yes, I know," Agnes said. Nancy could hear the hesitation in her voice. "I want to try it. Just by myself at first, if that's okay."
Nancy felt relieved, "Yes, of course. I totally understand."
"Thanks, Nancy. I'll see you Wednesday."
"See you then," and chuckled as the call was immediately disconnected by Agnes. She could tell that Agnes was intrigued but nervous.
****
Vanessa and Nancy were sitting on the front porch swing mid-day Wednesday when Vanessa asked, "aren't you meeting Agnes for lunch today?"
"I still am," Nancy and turned her head towards Vanessa, "except she's coming here."
Vanessa's eyebrows shot up in surprise, "here?"
Nancy nodded, "yup."
"Wow, I didn't expect that."
"Neither did I," Nancy replied and thought about the phone conversation. "It seems she's been thinking about it and seeing miss prim and proper here," Nancy said, pointing to herself, "is now living naked that she wants to see for herself."
Vanessa smiled, "I know I don't want to go back to the textile world."
"Is she bringing anyone else?" Vanessa added.
Nancy shook her head, "no, just her. I don't think she's even told anyone else about the invitation."
"This will be interesting."
They watched as a car pulled in and parked in an open slot. They could see Agnes in the driver's seat just sitting. After a minute, the door opened and Agnes stepped out wearing shorts, a blouse, and sandals. Nancy stood and motioned for Vanessa to remain where she was. Nancy went down the steps to Agnes who seemed frozen in place.
"Hello, Agnes. Welcome to what we simply call The Camp."
"You really are, um, naked," Agnes said as she looked at her long-time neighbor totally nude except for the sandals on her feet.
"Yes, I told you I would be," she turned and waved to Vanessa to join them and then back to Agnes, "and you remember Vanessa."
Both women looked as Vanessa went down the front steps and over to meet them. As much as Agnes tried not to, she couldn't help but look at them from head to toe, stopping momentarily at their mid-section. She noticed that Vanessa was bare of any pubic hair where Nancy still had hers.
Agnes looked up and saw that they caught her looking. Both of them were just smiling and Nancy said, "it's okay to look, Agnes. And yes, as you noticed my daughter keeps her pussy bare where I keep mine a little more natural, if you will" as she just touched her pubic hair with her fingers.
"Shall we go inside," Nancy suggested, stepping aside and pointing her arm towards the house.
Nancy hooked her arm in Agnes' as they made their way to the house, "I am so glad that you decided to come out here."
Agnes remained silent as they ascended the stairs and then said, "Well, to be honest, I wasn't going to."
"What changed your mind?" Nancy asked.
"Well, I called my sister. I didn't know what to do. I explained to her what happened," Agnes said and turned to Nancy.
"What did she say?"
Agnes sighed, "it appears that my sister is a nudist and thought it was a fantastic idea. That I should get out of my rut and try it."
Nancy smiled and nodded her head, "I get it, I had to be dragged out my first time." Nancy opened the door and said "shall we go in."
Once inside, Nancy said, "Agnes, you've noticed that both Vanessa and I are naked. No one is forcing to join us. You can stay dressed if you would like. Whatever makes you more comfortable."
Agnes stood there for a second, "no, I came out here to see what it's like. I might as well join you."
Nancy pointed to a room off to the side, "you can go in that room and undress if you'd like. Just leave your clothes on the chair. We'll be on the front porch when you're ready. Oh, and make sure that you wear your sandals."
Agnes took another look at Vanessa and Nancy and without a word entered the room and closed the door behind her.
After about 15 minutes, Vanessa stated, "I wonder if she's okay?"
"I'm sure she's fine," Nancy offered.
Just then they both turned to see the front door open and out came a completed naked Agnes, "well, I'm here."
Nancy smiled, "yes, you are."
Nancy and Vanessa stood up and Nancy said, "come, let me show you around."
Nancy started down the steps and Agnes followed. Being it was the middle of the week, there weren't as many people around as there are on the weekends. But there were enough for Agnes to slowly become used to looking at other nude people and have people look at her.
Agnes suddenly stopped and put her hand to her mouth.
"What's the matter?" Nancy asked.
"I know her," Agnes replied, her fingers covering her mouth and her eyes wide.
"Doris Miller?" Nancy asked.
Agnes nodded her head.
"Doris has been coming here for a couple of years."
Agnes stayed as Doris approached, "Agnes, is that you?" said the approaching woman.
"Doris?" Agnes asked rhetorically.
"It's been ages since I've seen you. I think the last time was the parent teacher conference when Bobby was in my class," Doris said.
Agnes finally dropped her hand, "I think you're right."
Nancy and Vanessa stepped back a little and let the two friends gets reacquainted. Agnes seemed to become more at ease as the conversation progressed. Finally, Agnes and Doris hugged and said their good-byes. Nancy couldn't help but notice that Agnes' nipples had become hard and stuck out from her breasts.
It was late afternoon before Agnes decided she needed to leave. "Lord, would you look at what time it is? I've got to get home. Bobby will be home shortly, and Bill won't be too far behind."
"You coming back?" Nancy asked.
Agnes took Nancy's hands in hers, tilted her head a little, "Yes. I am. You're right, this is so freeing and wonderful. I love the feeling of the sun and the breeze on my body. I really don't want to get dressed again."
"I'm glad," Nancy replied and smiled.
"But I supposed I better get dressed. Wouldn't want to scare the rest of the family if I walked in naked," Agnes said with a laugh.
"No, probably not," Nancy offered, "but it might help them to come out of their shell."
Agnes shook her head, "No, Bill is so stuck in the past. We don't even have sex unless the lights are out. That is when we have sex."
"I'm sorry," Nancy said.
"Me too," Agnes replied.
****
The dinner table at the Anderson house that night was quiet, each lost in their own thoughts. Agnes had been worrying about how to tell the rest of her family that she was going to the wedding. She finally decided just to say it. So, she did.
"I've decided to go to Vanessa's wedding," Agnes said to no one in particular.
Everyone stopped eating and looked at her in surprise. Each was wondering if she was going to truly be naked at a wedding.
Bill put down his fork and crossed his fingers in front of him, "are you serious?" he asked.
"Yes, Bill, I am. I went out to see Nancy today and found out what it's like."
Bill's face showed surprise, "you went wandering around nude outside with a bunch of strangers?"
"Nancy is not a stranger, but there were people I didn't know," Agnes said defensively.
"I can't fucking believe you," he responded with increased anger.
Agnes burst out in anger, "well fucking isn't something we've done in a very long time. Do you even remember the last time you saw me naked?"
They stared at each other for a moment. Bobby and Monica quietly slid their chairs back away from the table, wanting to be anywhere else but there.
"That's not the point," Bill retorted, "decent people don't run around in public naked."
"I wasn't running around in public. It's a private setting that Nancy owns. You remember Nancy, don't you, she lived next door."
"Yes, I remember Nancy. I thought she was an upstanding citizen. Apparently, I was wrong."
"Well, I remember we used to go to the nude beach before we were married. You liked it then," she paused and tilted her head, "what happened."
Bill didn't say a thing. He threw his napkin down on his plate and got up in such a way that he knocked over the chair he was sitting in. The other three watched as he picked up his keys and stormed out the front door. The next noise was the squeal of his tires as he drove away.
Agnes, not about to be put off after finding a newfound freedom, "do either of you want to go?" She looked at her daughter first.
Monica responded, "Did you really get naked?"
Agnes smiled, "I did. Nancy showed me all around the place. It's quite nice."
Monica thought for a moment and then slowly shook her head, "no, I don't think I want to go."
Agnes turned towards her son, "what about you?"
Bobby thought for a moment. He always thought that his mom was a fox and that Mrs. Gibbons had a body that he would love to see. The idea of seeing both of them naked made his decision for him, "I'll go with you, mom."
"Thank you, sweetheart," Agnes responded.
****
Agnes pulled into the parking lot of The Camp on the day of the wedding. Bobby sat in the seat beside her.
"Well, are you ready?"
Bobby gulped a little. Sure, he was finally going to get see his mom naked. But he realized that he would also be naked in front of everyone.
Not wanting to appear weak, he nodded his head, "as ready as I'll ever be."
They got out of the car and walked over the house. Bobby looked around while they were going up the steps and saw a number of nude people. He noticed that they were of all different ages and different body shapes. No one seemed to care. He was surprised to find that not all were the 'swimsuit model' type as he had expected. There were still a good number of females that caused his penis to have a reaction.
He turned towards the door when he heard voices from inside. The door opened and there stood Mrs. Gibbons completely bare except for the sandals on her feet. His cock immediately became as hard as his pants would allow. She was better looking that he had envisioned, and he had envisioned her many times over the years.
He followed his mother inside. He tried to keep from looking at Nancy but found it difficult.
"It's okay, Bobby. It's okay to look, just don't stare, okay?" Nancy said as she put an arm around him. She looked down at the bulge in his pants and was curious how developed he was.
"Agnes, I took the liberty of setting you and Bobby up in one of our cabins. That way you won't have to rush off and maybe stay a while," Nancy said.
Agnes smiled, "I'd like that."
"Your cabin is number seven and it's right over there," Nancy said as she pointed to where it sat.
"Well, if you will excuse me, I think I'll change into something a little more comfortable," and she turned to her son, "you ready?"
"I guess," he responded, his throat suddenly dry.
Agnes and Bobby made their way over to their cabin and stepped inside. It had recently been remodeled and was very well appointed. There was a main living area with a sofa and a couple of chairs, a bedroom with a dresser and a single bed, a small kitchenette, and a bathroom.
"This is very nice. What do you think?" she asked turning to Bobby.
He nodded his head in agreement. He looked at the sofa and figured it looked soft enough to sleep on as there was only one bed in the unit. "I like it."
"I'm going to go into the bedroom and undress. Perhaps you can use the bathroom?" Agnes asked.
Bobby just nodded his head and watched as his mother went into the bedroom and closed the door. Taking a deep breath, Bobby went into the bathroom and closed the door. He thought to himself that this was the moment of truth, could he strip down and show everything to his mom and the rest of the camp. His erection had disappeared.
"Bobby, are you almost ready?" he heard his mother call out.
"Yeah, I'll be out in a minute."
"Sweetheart, I know it's difficult the first time. Trust me. It was for me to. But it didn't take very long for that feeling to go away and start enjoying the freedom."
"Okay," he replied and with one final hesitation, removed his underwear, his last bit of clothing. He could feel his heart pounding as he reached for the doorknob, hesitated for a second, then turned it and stepped out.
His penis quickly started to harden as he looked at his mother. She was more beautiful that she imagined. She stood there and smiled as his eyes roamed over her body. She could see when he paused at her breasts. She reached up and gently caressed each one. Bobby's cock got harder. His eyes continued downward until they reached the triangle of hair at the juncture of her legs.
Agnes unconsciously moved one leg apart just a little. Her hand just touching her pubic hair. She took the opportunity to look at her son. Part of her smile was at his cock standing at full attention. It had been a good long while since she had seen one.
"Ready to go outside," Agnes asked.
Bobby had a feeling of panic, "I can't. I can't go outside like this," as he gestured towards his erection.
"Bobby," Agnes said as she walked up to him, "I guarantee you, you won't be the only one." She gave him a reassuring smile.
She took his hand and lead him to the door. Before he knew it, he was outside. He moved to put his hands in front of his penis. His mother moved them off to the side. "You'll get used to it quicker if you don't try to cover yourself up."
They wandered around the grounds. With time, Bobby's penis finally relaxed for the most part. It was still a little inflated. They located the small amphitheater where the wedding was to take place. It was all decorated with white streamers across the top. Flowers on posts at the end of each row. People were already gathering for the ceremony.
"Shall we find a seat?" Agnes suggested.
Both Bobby and Agnes were aware of people watching and looking at them as they made their way to a couple of empty seats towards the back. It wasn't until they sat down that they realized that no one paid them any more attention than if they were at a clothed wedding. The comfort level of both of them rose.
It was strange for both of them to be seated on a towel in amongst a small crowd for the first time where everyone was nude. Agnes was becoming accustomed to it and was started to really enjoy it. Bobby was still adjusting.
The ceremony started with typical wedding style music and the minister stepped forward and introduced himself as the minister of a local church. He said that he known the bride for years as she attended his church and that he had been a member of The Camp for as long as he could remember.
The music changed and the groom appeared along with a best man. The groom faced the crowd. The second thing that Agnes looked at was the fact that he wore a black bow tie around his neck and nothing else. Not even a pair of shoes. She couldn't help but look at his mid-section again just as the music for the entrance of the bride started. Everyone stood.
Agnes turned and looked at the bride as she started down the aisle. She noted she was wearing a veil, a necklace, a garter, and nothing else. She smiled to herself as she heard son take a deep breath as Vanessa apparently came into his view.
Bobby looked at the gorgeous creature walking down the aisle. He had dreamed of what she would look like naked and now here she was. A true fantasy comes true. Only she looked better than he ever imagined.
The crowd sat down as Troy took Vanessa's arm and faced the minister. Outside of the fact that the couple and the entire audience was nude, it was a typical wedding with solemn words spoken, hymns sung and the exchanging of vows. Nancy wept.
The couple turned around and faced friends and family for the first time as a married couple. Vanessa then spoke up, "thank you everyone for being here. It means a lot to us."
She took Troy's hand and they stepped forward and stepped on a small riser.
"We thought in consideration of this special day, we'd do something that we've never done before an audience being that many of you have allowed us and others to view you."
The crowd watched and sat back down as the couple turned and faced each other. Agnes noted that Troy's cock was becoming erect. It became even more erect as Vanessa dropped to her knees and wrapped her hand around his shaft and began to slowly stroke it.
The audience remained silent as she did this and a few groans could be heard when she took him in her mouth. She savored his cock, her head moving up and down its length.
Agnes put a hand to her mouth and watched. She could feel a tingle beginning to build between her legs. A tingle that she hadn't felt for some time. She looked over to Bobby and saw that his eyes were focused on the event unfolding before them.
There was a noticeable pop as Vanessa let go of Troy's cock. The couple switched positions and she laid down on a pad that Agnes didn't notice before. Vanessa spread her legs and Agnes took in a deep breath as Troy got down and started to work on her pussy.
Agnes could feel her breathing become more rapid. She looked at her son who hadn't taken his eyes of the bride and groom. She saw that his penis was rock hard and throbbing with the beat of his heart. She reached out and took it in hand. Bobby didn't seem to notice. She returned her attention to the couple up front and started to stroke her son.
Agnes' breathing started to increase as she watched Vanessa's stomach rise and fall, moans coming from her mouth. Agnes' eyes widened as Vanessa clamped her legs around Troy's head and she cried out.
She was glad she was sitting on a towel as she was leaking plenty. Agnes wanted to touch herself but was afraid to as she figured she'd have a loud orgasm just like the bride did. She felt a hand on her upper thigh and looked to see that Bobby was looking at her with a smile. He moved his hand higher up her leg and Agnes reacted by spreading her legs just a little.
They both turned their attention back to the newlyweds as the gathering cheered. Troy was standing up, his cock in his hand. Agnes watched as he inserted it into Vanessa's vagina. Agnes let out a small groan, wishing it were her that on the receiving end of the hard cock.
It was then that she noticed that some people in the crowd had started becoming a little amorous themselves. She looked at her son and the erection that was in her hand. She watched as Troy arched his back. It was obvious that Troy was expending himself deep inside his new wife.
Vanessa got up off the table and faced the crowd. She wiped a little bit of the excess fluids from her leg, wrapped her arm in Troy's and the couple made their way back down the aisle. Turning, she saw that it wasn't just her son that had an erection, but every male there had one as well.
The minister announced that the reception would be held in the clubhouse in about an hour.
Agnes released her son's penis and took his hand. She leaned over and whispered in his ear, "want to continue this in the cabin?"
She watched as Bobby first looked at his mother in disbelief and then smiled, "yes," he said empathically.
With his hand in hers, they hurried off to their cabin. As soon as the door was closed, she led him into the bedroom and pushed him backwards onto the bed. Bobby's cock was sticking straight up. Agnes crawled between his legs and smiled at her son as she wrapped her fingers around him and lowered her mouth over his penis.
Bobby dropped his back on the pillow and closed his eyes. The sensations coming from his penis were nothing like he had ever felt before. It didn't take long before he could feel his groin tighten as his orgasm began to grow.
"Oh, mom, I'm going to come," he tried to warn.
He immediately felt cool air surround his penis. He looked down and that his mother had released him. He watched as she moved up until her pussy was directly over his erection. He watched in amazement as she took his cock and placed at her entrance. He groaned with her as he watched it disappear inside her.
He dropped his head back down as his mother moved her body up and down his shaft. He looked up to see her face right in front of his with her eyes open and a smile on her face.
Agnes felt nothing but pure joy as her son penetrated her. It had been a long time since she had a cock filling her and she missed it more than she thought. The fact that it was her own son that was inside her made all the more exciting. She was fulfilling one of her fantasies. She looked at him and smiled as she rode him.
She could feel his hips rise to meet hers and his hands on her hips. She knew that he was about to orgasm.
"Cum for me, honey. I want to feel you cum."
Bobby opened his eyes, "inside you?"
Agnes just nodded her head. They looked at each other as he let go. Spurt after spurt releasing inside her womb.
"Oh god," he cried as it seemed like his orgasm lasted forever. He came so hard that he lost all awareness around him. He felt tingly all over and the only thing he could feel was the wet warmth that surrounding his cock.
Although Agnes didn't cum herself, she felt elated just the same. She finally had a cock and better yet, it was her sons. There was plenty of time for her to teach him how to bring a woman to orgasm. And she'd begin tonight.
"I noticed that there is only one bed in the cabin," she softly said. "I hope you're on planning on sharing this one with me."
Bobby looked at her and smiled, "I'd like that," he said as he rolled her over and started exploring her with his mouth.
****
Vanessa had cleaned up after leaving the amphitheater with Troy. She found her mother still there when she returned, talking to Olivia.
She stepped up, "hello, Olivia. I'm so glad that you could make it."
"I wouldn't have missed it for the world, dear," she said as she laid her hand on Vanessa's arm. "Although, I can't say that I was a bit surprised with your ending."
"Did it bother you?" Vanessa asked, concerned.
"Oh no, it didn't. Just surprised, that's all. Unfortunately, Matt wasn't here to help me, if you know what I mean."
Vanessa patted her mothers' arm, "we almost decided against having sex in front of everyone. Mom thought it might be a little much. We've seen so many people having sex out in the open since we've been here, and Troy and I never have made that step. We just felt like we needed to."
Vanessa turned to her mom, "I hope you're okay."
Nancy patted her daughter's hand, "I am. Frankly, it was all I could do not to join you."
"You should have," Vanessa laughed, "that would have been a helluva display."
"By the way," Nancy started, "have you seen Carol?" she asked Vanessa.
"I saw right after we were done. I think I saw her scampering towards one of the cabins," Vanessa said with a chuckle. "Speaking of which, have you seen Agnes and Bobby?"
Nancy smiled herself, "I saw them scampering, no, more than scampering to their cabin."
Vanessa's eyes went wide, and she used her hand to cover her wide-open mouth, "Oh my, I never would have thought that Agnes..." she left the thought unfinished.
Nancy nodded her head, "I didn't see that coming either, no pun intended."
"Good for them," Vanessa proclaimed.
****
The reception started on time. Troy and Vanessa greeted each guest as they passed through the line. Vanessa hugged Agnes when it was her turn.
"I'm so glad that you decided to come," Vanessa said with a large smile.
"I wasn't sure at first. And Bill was such a butt about it," Olivia said with a sigh, "but I am very glad I came."
"And you're okay being, well, you know, nude?" Vanessa asked carefully as this was a touchy point with Agnes initially.
"You know, your mom was right. You adjust to it pretty quickly and it feels wonderful. I think Bobby and I are going to stay the night. I really don't want to leave."
"You are welcome here as often and whenever you want," Vanessa said with another hug.
Bobby was next and he started blushing. Fortunately, his penis stayed in place.
"Well, Bobby, after all those times trying to sneak peaks, do I meet your expectations?" Vanessa asked with a chuckle and turned a full circle. "Did your fantasy, or at least one of them, come true?"
"You are more beautiful that I imagined. You are very pretty," Bobby replied.
Vanessa made an obvious glance to his cock and then looked at his face, "you're not so bad yourself kiddo," Vanessa smiled and placed a hand on his cheek. "You're going to drive girls wild."
Bobby blushed even more and stammered, "I don't know about that."
"Trust me, you will. You just need someone to give you some pointers," Vanessa said with a wink.
The line continued to progress and then Olivia came up to the couple, "you two are so perfect for each other."
Troy gave Olivia a kiss on the cheek, "thanks," and a smile.
Vanessa in turn gave Olivia a hug, "he's the best thing that's happened to me, Olivia."
Olivia said softly, "well, if he ever needs a place to stay for the night, let me know," and then she laughed.
Vanessa replied in an equally soft voice, "if that happened, I'd probably never get him back." She smiled, and then added, "but you never know what might happen one afternoon out here," Vanessa concluded with a wink.
Olivia's mouth simply formed a 'O' and she moved on down the line.
****
The sun had fallen when Agnes and Bobby decided to call it a night. The conversation she had with her husband that afternoon went about as expected. He was angry that she decided to stay the night, calling her a slut, a whore, and other insults. Agnes hung up the phone and sat. She looked up at the stars as if asking for guidance.
Bobby came up to her, saw where she was looking and the cellphone in her hand. He could guess that she had just talked to his father.
"You okay, mom?" he asked.
Agnes looked at her son and smiled, "yeah, I am."
"Told dad we were staying the night," Bobby said as a statement rather than a question.
Agnes nodded her head slowly, "yeah. He's not happy about it."
Bobby thought for a minute, "why are you two still married? I mean."
Agnes was startled with the question, "excuse me, what do you mean?" she asked with a slight frown.
"Well, all I mean is that you guys argue all the time. And earlier today when we were, um, you know, that he doesn't well, you know."
The stress in her face eased and she looked at Bobby. After all, he was dead on the mark. It seemed like she and Bill were at each other's throats, and it seemed that she was no longer sexually attractive to him. Their marriage started off great. They used to have sex almost every day and in almost every room in the house. They couldn't get enough of each other. Then after a few years it all died. She tried everything from seductive sleepwear to trying to greet him at the door nude. Nothing seemed to work, and she finally gave up.
"Perhaps, you're right, Bobby," she looked at him and smiled, "perhaps it's time that we put an end to this."
Bobby stuck out his hands, "let's go inside and let me make love to you. I know dad may not appreciate you, but I do. Let me show you."
Agnes could feel the tingle begin to return between her legs. There was so much she could teach her son about becoming a good lover. And she looked forward to it. She looked down to see that his penis was already beginning to harden and she smiled. She stood up and wrapped her hand around it and leaned into him, and whispered in his ear, "there are so many things that I'm going to show and teach you."
Bobby gave his mom a big smile with the realization that today and tonight weren't going to be one-time events. With her hand in his, he led her into the cabin, locking the door behind him.
****
The next morning Agnes woke up with her arm around her son. She smiled at the sex they enjoyed together last night. He was a caring soul and did everything he could to make sure that she was satisfied and not just after his own satisfaction.
She slowly reached down and found his penis, still sticky from last night. She slowly stroked him as it began to get hard. She stopped momentarily as Bobby rolled over on his back and opened his eyes and smiled.
She moved enough so that she could take him in her mouth. Every so often she would look up to see him watching her. She smiled and resumed the lovemaking to his cock. Ever so slowly, she brought him to the edge of coming a couple of different time and then would ease back. Each time Bobby would groan and jerk his hips upward. Finally, she let go of his penis and slide forward eventually putting the head of his penis at her vagina. She leaned forward so her face was inches from his and slowly sat down on his cock, stopping only when their pelvises met, and he was completely inside her.
Not a word was spoken as she moved up and down on his shaft slowly increasing her pace. Bobby closed his eyes and began to moan. His hips would rise to meet hers. He titled his head back and pushed his hips up as he came. Agnes smiled as she watched her sons face contort in the orgasm that he was experiencing. She had never found having sex with someone so rewarding and she hoped that he was feeling similar.
She laid on top of him and stroked his hair as she felt his penis soften and slip out of her, followed by their combined juices.
"I hate to do this, honey, but I have to get up. I want to shower then I have to talk to your dad."
"Okay."
"But this is a nice to start the morning."
Bobby grinned, "I wish I could wake up like this every morning."
"So do I."
Agnes got up and wiped up some of the excess cum that was flowing down her leg. "Come on, let's shower and get cleaned up."
"Together?" Bobby asked expectantly.
"Of course," his mom smiled.
****
Bobby wandered along the trail slowly. A smile on his face. He thought over the last 24-hours. He not only lost his virginity, but he had sex with his mom three times. He thought she was beautiful before, but she was even more beautiful without clothes than he imagined. And then the shower just a bit ago. He had read about them in erotic stories and watched some porn clips that had those scenes. But to actually be in the shower with his mom and make her come a couple of times was way beyond what he could imagine.
He looked around and it seemed that the colors of the trees and the plants on the ground were more vibrant than yesterday, he felt light on his feet and a joy that he couldn't describe. His smile grew as he thought about the sensation of being inside a woman. He was sure that his ejaculations were more powerful when he released in his mom than when he took cares of things with his hand.
"Hey there, stranger."
Bobby looked up to see Vanessa standing in front of him. He couldn't help but look at her from head to toe again, especially at the crease in between her legs.
"Hmm, hi," he finally stuttered.
"Am I as pretty as yesterday?" she asked.
"Oh god yes," he exclaimed. He moved his hand to start covering his growing erection.
"Don't cover it up. It's beautiful," Vanessa admonished.
She walked up to him and gently stroked his penis, "don't cover this up. This tells me that you find me attractive and desirable. I like that." She smiled at him.
"Come, let's walk," she said as she let go of his cock and took his hand in hers.
They walked in silence for a while. Bobby was in disbelief that here he was walking along a trail with the subject of his thoughts for years next to him and they were both naked. He tried to sneak glances at her, afraid of getting caught. Vanessa caught him each time and smiled, not saying a word.
"I'm guessing that one of your fantasies came true yesterday by seeing me naked?" Vanessa asked.
Bobby looked at her with a sheepish grin, "yeah."
"I'm glad. It was one of mine too."
Bobby gave her a surprised look, "really?"
"Don't you think I let you look under the dresses I was wearing on purpose?"
Bobby shook his head, "no."
"And why would I wear dresses if I was just going to babysit with you while your parents were out, and Monica wasn't around?"
Bobby thought for a moment and then slowly shook his head, "I never really thought of it."
"I think I know of at least one other fantasy you have?" Vanessa, looking at him with a smile.
"What?" he asked.
"Your mom told me about all of the used tissues she'd find in your room the next day. I think I can guess what you were thinking about," she said with a knowing look.
Bobby pulled his hand away and used it to cover his face, "oh god, she didn't tell you that. Really?" he looked at her hoping it wasn't true. Vanessa just smiled and nodded her head. "This is so embarrassing."
"Don't be. I used to masturbate all the time. Still do, actually," she looked at him with a more sympathetic smile, "it's natural. Everyone does it."
"When did she tell you?" he wanted to know.
"Yesterday, after you got hard looking at me."
Bobby covered his face with his hands again. "She thought it was sweet that you still had eyes for me,
and she told me."
They walk along in relative silence for a little longer.
"Tell me, Bobby, are you still a virgin?" Vanessa asked.
Bobby started to answer, "I was until yes," and then stopped, "no, I'm not."
Vanessa smiled. Her suspicion was confirmed. "Until you had sex with your mother yesterday?" she asked in a non-threatening way.
"You know?" Bobby asked, horrified that she knew.
"mm mm," Vanessa said without opening her mouth.
"God, you must they that I'm a pervert or something," Bobby said and stopped. He turned around, "I'm going back."
Vanessa reached out and grabbed his arm, "don't leave and I don't think you're a pervert."
She pulled him a little closer, "do you love your mom?"
"Of course I do?" Bobby replied empathically.
"Do you find her attractive and desirable?"
"Of course."
"Did your force yourself on her?"
"NO," Bobby almost shouted.
"Then to me it sounds like something that you both wanted and enjoyed. That makes me happy for both of you," she said and smiled at him.
She stopped and took his hands in hers. "As long as two people are consenting, whatever happens is between them. And that's especially true at this Camp. Most of the folks that come here have sex not only with their partner, but sometimes family or other guests. As long as all are in agreement."
Bobby looked at her in disbelief, "really?"
"Really. It doesn't matter if it's a friend, your girlfriend, your mother, your sister, or your babysitter."
Bobby looked at her for a moment before he said, "what?"
Vanessa pointed to the little heart on a post in the ground next to the trail. "You see that?" Vanessa asked, pointing to it.
"Yeah."
"Those mark spots along the trail where a couple can get off and enjoy each other."
Bobby looked at the heart, where it pointed and then back to Vanessa.
"Have sex," she said. "I think we both had a similar fantasy. You wanted to lose your virginity to me and I wanted to take it." She paused to let that sink in. "That can't happen. But we can still have sex." She smiled and gripped his hands tighter. "Want to see where the arrow points?"
Bobby grinned and nodded his head, "yes, oh god yes."
Vanessa nodded down to his cock, which was fully erect and throbbing, "why I believe you do. Come on."
Vanessa led him by the hand to a small clearing and laid down on her back, spreading her legs just enough to be inviting. "Come make love to me Bobby. You've been waiting a long time for this."
Bobby laid down next her and gently took one breast in his hand and started caressing it. He fought his desire to go straight for her pussy by remembering what his mom told him, that it was not a race and to tend to her needs before addressing yours.
He kissed the side of her neck, across her shoulders and then down to her chest. He took the nipple of the breast that wasn't in his hand and slowly sucked on it as well as tracing his tongue around.
"Mmm, that feels so good," Vanessa said with a smile. "Your mom has taught you will."
Bobby looked at her without removing his mouth from her tit and smiled.
"You need to make sure that you continue getting lessons from her. You'll have the girls flocking to you," Vanessa said, looking at Bobby.
He smiled, especially at the comment about his mom. He had hoped to do just that. He returned his attention to her chest, alternating back and forth. Then he started kissing her belly and slowly worked his way down until he felt the top of her crease. Remembering what his mother said, he bypassed her pussy and moved his lips down to her thighs. Vanessa opened her legs wide to give him unmitigated access to her sweet spot.
He kissed down one thigh to her knee and then back up the other. By this time Vanessa was moving her hips back and forth. He stretched out on the ground and wrapped his arms around her hips. He ran his tongue up and down the slit a little and then used his fingers to part her labia, revealing the sweet pink flesh beneath.
He continued licking, find the entrance to her vagina and the nub of her clit. He was rewarded with a sharp rising of her hips and a grunt when his tongue twirled around it. He sucked it in between his teeth and gently nibbled on it. He felt the fingers on one of Vanessa's hands begin to comb through his hair.
Vanessa softly requested, "put your fingers in me."
Bobby did as instructed and inserted a couple of fingers. She was already very wet. He twirled his fingers around and discovered a rough area on the top of her vagina. He rubbed that a little while still using his tongue to play with her clit.
Before long, Vanessa's hips began to bounce up and down. He felt both hands on his head and Vanessa let out a muffled moan. He quickly found his head clamped tightly between her legs. He couldn't move and it got a little harder to breath. Her hands gripped his hair and he felt a gush of fluids come out from within her.
He slowly moved as the pressure around his head eased. He looked up and a slight sheen of sweat on her chest and he noticed that she was breathing a little faster than normal. Vanessa opened her eyes and reached down to him, indicating she wanted his face closer to hers.
His lips touched hers for the first time followed very quickly by her tongue. This was something that he had at least had practice with in the past with girlfriends. The kiss became very energetic and passionate as Vanessa placed her hands on the sides of his head.
She broke the kiss and smiled at him, leaving her hands on his head. She rolled him over onto his back and continued looking at him while she slid down. She was still looking at him as she first wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. She knew he would last long.
"Oh god," Bobby cried out, "I'm going to come," after just a few minutes.
Vanessa tightened her lips around his shaft and used her hand. She felt the first blast of his semen hit the back of her throat. She continued to suck of him until the last of it seeped out. She continued licking up and down his cock, helping assure that it stayed hard and it worked.
Vanessa got up on all fours and moved forward, licking her lips.
"I'm sorry, Vanessa," Bobby tried to apologize, "I didn't want to cum so quickly."
Vanessa smiled, "I knew you would and I wanted you to last a little longer this time."
She rolled onto her back and spread her legs wider. "I think it's time. Don't you?"
Bobby just smiled as she guided the head of his cock to her vagina. She then placed her hands on his butt cheeks. Bobby started pushing, letting his cock enter her slowly. He could feel his heartbeat kick up with the realization that his cock was inside the girl he fantasized about.
When he was all the way in, he let it stay there for a moment, savoring the feeling of her clenched around his penis. Then he slowly started to move his cock in and out of her until she started to urge him to go faster. While he did last longer than the first time, he could feel his balls retract a little as his orgasm started building.
"Oh, Vanessa," he cried out.
"Come for me, Bobby. Come inside me," she encouraged.
He looked at her, "you sure?"
She smiled and nodded her head. That was all it took. Jets of semen erupted from deep inside him. So deep that it felt like it started at his toes.
He couldn't help but let out a loud, 'Ugh' as he came and came. He finally collapsed on top of her. He was still buried inside her, her arms around his shoulders and her ankles linked around his waist. He wished he could have stayed this way forever.
****
Bobby and Vanessa held hands as they made their way back to the main part of the Camp. They kissed before parting when Vanessa, once again put a hand on the side of his head, "maybe after I get back from my honeymoon and if you're here," she left the rest unsaid.
Bobby just smiled. He watched as she walked away and then he turned and made his way back to the cabin. His mother was sitting in a chair in front. She could clearly see the kiss that the two shared.
"Ah, there you are. I was wondering where you wandered off to," she looked down at his limp penis and saw that it still had leftovers from lovemaking and it was a little red.
"I take you and Vanessa had a good time?" Agnes asked with a broad smile on her face.
Bobby just smiled and nodded.
"Was it as good as you fantasized?" she asked.
Bobby just looked at her.
"Oh, come on, you think I didn't know," she chuckled. "Well?"
Bobby let out a big grin, "better."
****
A couple of days after coming back from the Camp, Bobby stepped outside where is mother was setting some hoses to water the garden.
"Hey sweetheart," Agnes greeted him with a quick kiss on the lips. No one was around so no one would notice.
"When do you think we can go back to The Camp?" Bobby asked.
"You just want to go so you can have sex with me again," Agnes said with a chuckle and stood up, "never mind seeing all the naked women."
"Well, maybe. Besides, you can teach me more things," he replied with a big grin.
"And I can't wait to teach you. Maybe this weekend we can sneak away for the day or the afternoon."
Bobby turned to go back into the house and didn't see Monica quickly move away from the open door, her hand covering her mouth. She hid behind a cabinet as Bobby walked by. She looked back out the door after he had gone and watched her mother. She certainly was a very desirable woman, and she could she why guys would be attracted to her.
She quietly went to her room and closed the door. She sat on the bed cross-legged and started thinking about what she overheard. 'Was her brother really fucking their mother? What else went on at that nudist place?' she wondered.
She started rubbing her pussy outside her pants as she imagined her brother naked. She wondered what he looked like. She also imagined Bobby and her mom having sex. She also wondered what she looked like naked. She and her best friend, Lisa, experiment with each other now and again and liked it. She wondered if her mom ever did the same thing.
She was still sitting there when her mother walked by and looked in.
"What's wrong? Are you alright sweety?" Agnes asked as she stepped into Monica's room.
Tears began to form on Monica's face, "yes, no, I don't know, mom."
"What happened? Talk to me?" Agnes pleaded.
Monica motioned with her head for her mother to close the door. Agnes closed it and then sat on the bed.
"What's going on?" Agnes asked.
Monica looked at her mother and just blurted out, "are you fucking Bobby?"
Agnes' hands flew to her face and she gave Monica a horrified look. "Oh my god, you overheard us just a moment ago."
Monica sniffled some more and muffled out a 'yes' and nodded her head.
"I'm so sorry dear. I wish you hadn't heard that," she paused. "You must think horrible things of me."
Monica shook her head, "I don't, really."
Agnes bowed her head, "I'm sure that you think I'm an awful mother at least."
Monica shook her head again.
"Tell me what you're feeling?" Agnes wanted to know.
"Can you keep a secret?" Monica asked.
"Of course, dear," Agnes replied in a soothing voice.
"I'm jealous," Monica said barely above a whisper.
Agnes just looked at her daughter. "You," she started, and Monica looked up at her, "and Bobby?" Agnes stated more than asked.
Monica turned up a corner of her mouth and nodded with a guilty look, "I've dreamed about going into his room after everyone had gone to bed and him and me," she left unsaid.
Agnes wrapped her arms around Monica and patted the back of her head.
"Now you probably think I'm sick and perverted," Monica sobbed.
Agnes sniffled a little, "and you don't think that I am, or Bobby is?"
Monica shrugged her shoulders.
Agnes looked at her daughter, "you really want to have sex with your brother?"
Monica nodded, "yeah." She reached out and gently touched the outside of her mothers' breast, "and maybe you. You know, if you're, well."
Agnes unconsciously pushed her breast into Monica's hand. She hadn't really thought about being with another woman. Based on the sounds coming from Monica's room one night when her best friend was over, she had guessed Monica had. The idea didn't repulse her.
Agnes pulled away just enough to look at Monica, "maybe you should reconsider the next time we go out to the Camp."
Agnes and Monica hugged a little longer when Monica said, "I'd really like to go with you." She looked up at her mother and smiled.
A short while later, Agnes had finished setting out the last of the plates on the dining table and called for her family that dinner was ready. She could immediately feel the tension in the air as Bill came in and sat down at his usual spot.
All was quiet and then Bill broke it, "so you had to stay the night, huh?"
Agnes perked her chin up, "yes, I did. It was just such a lovely place that I decided to stay overnight."
"So, you could run around naked with a bunch of weirdos."
"First of all," Agnes calmly said, "they are not weirdos. Do think Nancy is a weirdo?"
Bill looked at his wife, "I didn't used to. But obviously I was wrong."
Agnes just glared at what she thought was a loving husband.
"I hope to hell you're not going there again," he spouted.
"And if I did?"
"Well, you're not."
This time Agnes slammed her fork to the table, "and who the hell are you to tell me what I can and cannot do," she yelled out.
Bobby and Monica just set down their utensils and remained silent.
Bill set down his fork, "listen, I'm not going to have my wife traipsing around without any clothes on. If others want to do it, then that's their business but not in this household."
Agnes took a deep breath and folded her hands in her lap, "well, in that case, you can go straight to hell."
Bill looked over to Bobby, "go get my suitcase out of the garage will you," he said as an order and not a request.
"You leaving?" Agnes demanded.
"I'm sure as hell am not staying here," Bill retorted.
Agnes' voice dropped a little, "well, don't plan on coming back."
"Excuse me?" Bill said in a nasty voice.
"If you remember right, this house is in my name only as it was my mothers and her mothers before that. So go find somewhere else to stay. The locks will get changed tomorrow and expect to hear from a lawyer" she stood up and said in a stern voice, "I am so done with your bullshit. You condescending bastard."
Bobby came back and sat down after he retrieved his father's suitcases. No one touched their food. When Bill was done, he stacked the cases by the front door.
"Bobby, you want to come with me?" Bill asked in a huffy voice.
Bobby looked into his father's eyes and said, "no, I'm staying here with mom."
"Figures as much," Bill said under his breath.
"What about you, Monica?"
Monica looked at her father. Then she looked at her mother.
"It's totally up to you, dear," Agnes said in an assuring voice.
Then Monica looked at Bobby who didn't say a word. Finally, she looked at her father, "no. I'm staying here with mom too."
"Fine," Bill shouted and stormed out the front door with his suitcases.
For the next week Agnes went about cleaning and packing what Bill still needed to pick up. The divorce papers had been served along with a restraining order. She almost but didn't quite feel guilty for feeling as relieved as she did. It took going to the Camp for things between her and Bill to come to a head such that they finally did what they should have done years ago; go their separate ways.
It was early on a Saturday morning. Bobby was in the front passenger seat waiting. He was a little anxious as he and his mother planned on spending the weekend at the Camp. Agnes came out and got into the driver's seat. He watched as Monica opened the back door and climbed in.
Bobby looked at his mother, "mom?"
Agnes turned in her seat, "Monica knows about us, Bobby."
Bobby groaned as he saw the possibilities with his mom disappear.
"Bobby," Agnes started and put a hand on his shoulder, "she overheard us in the backyard. She and I talked about it."
Bobby looked at his mom and then his sister.
Agnes waited until he looked at her again. "And," Agnes continued, "she wants to go with us this time," Agnes looked at her daughter and then her son with a big smile.
Bobby turned towards his sister and saw an equally big smile on her face.