"So it's been a month?"
"At least."
"Since you came?"
"Yes."
"Liar!"
"Why would I?"
"Is that even possible?"
"Apparently."
Nick shifted in his seat, not comfortable with the conversation. They sat alone on his futon in his tiny one-bedroom apartment watching Netflix with his friend's cousin's subscription.
He and Hanna had fucked before. Well, once -- a drunk college thing. There was also that other time when they were 17, and she went down on him at Rob Taylor's prom party because her boyfriend had hooked up with Ms. Carter, their Spanish teacher. But they had been "just friends" for a few years now, and he had never really liked to talk about sex. It was awkward, and he never knew the line between honesty and bragging; sincerity and creepy.
Hanna, on the other hand, didn't have that problem. She had always been bold, brash, confident. She had proposed the BJ at Rob Taylor's party. She had initiated sex the one time they did it. She had arrived at his dorm that fateful day drunk with a bottle of wine and wearing only a raincoat. He had always needed a push, and she was always there with a shove.
"Why?" she asked, genuinely curious. Her green eyes stared intently, perfectly set beneath a cute brown bob cut that framed her face perfectly. She had a faint accent that gave away her European background, and a body she never failed to showcase with tight clothes that showed off all the right places. Her white scoop-necked shirt showed enough cleavage to leave you wanting more, and her jeans were casual and sexy at the same time, which was also the best way to describe Hanna.
Nick considered her his best friend, but unlike most of his other friends -- mainly men -- she made him hard, constantly. He was pretty sure she knew, liked it and did it on purpose just to make him uncomfortable.
"I... I'm not sure," he said, blushing.
"Don't do that!"
"What?"
"Get all shy and quiet. I just told you about the guy I hooked up with who wanted me to wear a saddle and pretend to be a horse, you can talk to me about jerking off."
"Fair point."
"Well? Does it work?"
"My penis? Of course," he said. "It works.... Seriously. That's not funny."
She laughed. "OK, why haven't you in a month, then?"
"It's like... a fast."
"Are you... trying to lose weight? Because, if you are, as long as you don't eat the cum after you jerk off, you're fine."
"Hilarious.... No. I. Hmm. Look, I just felt like I was in a bit of a dry spell, sexually, and it was too easy to just jerk off, and I figured if I stopped for a while, it would motivate me to go out and, you know, live life."
"And has it?"
"Well, I'm here on a Friday night. So, not really. No. I am mainly fixated on trying not to cum."
"Is it hard?" she asked, with a smirk. "So to speak."
"Maybe..."
"Maybe?"
"Kind of..."
"Wait, are we talking about your cock or not being able to cum?"
"I'm not sure," he said. "Maybe both."
"Why?"
"Why what?"
"Is it hard?"
"Which one?"
"Let's start with your dick..."
"Um, because I haven't came in a month..."
"That the only reason?" she bit her lip in that teasing way that she knew drove him crazy.
"Oh. come on now," he said, hiding his face in a pillow.
"What?"
"You know what you are doing!" he moved the pillow from his face to over his lap.
"I have no idea what you are talking about..."
He smiled, feeling the general awkwardness build. "Fine. You are fucking hot. Is that what you want to hear? It's torture to talk about this... to YOU... when I haven't came in a month. I feel like it might just spontaneously shoot out of me."
"That would actually be hot."
"Really?"
"Sure. I've never had that effect before."
"Yeah, well, stand back. I might kill you."
Hanna shifted on the couch, her right arm slung over the back. She slid her leg under her body. Nick couldn't help but notice how tight her jeans were. He stole a glance at her crotch, seeing an outline of her panties and imagining what was hidden beneath. He quickly turned away. He was only halfway joking about cumming spontaneously.
"You should do it," she said.
"What?"
"Cum."
"OK. Duly noted."
"No, now."
"Here?"
"Of course, silly."
"Why?"
"Health reasons. I don't think you should 'stockpile.' You could be harming yourself."
"Is that your medical advice?"
"Well I was pre-med for two semesters, sooooooo."
Nick laughed, not sure if she was serious or just trying to make him squirm.
"Besides, I like to watch," she added.
"Really?"
"Sure."
"Why?"
"Because it's hot. The majority of porn involves dude's shooting loads. Did you think girls don't like it?"
"Some don't."
"Well, I do. Maybe I am the bad girl. Maybe I've always wanted to seduce the good guy. Maybe I like knowing you are dedicated to this fast and I am the one to talk you out of it. It's hot. Maybe I am evil. Which one of those works?"
"All of them, surprisingly," he said.
Hanna grabbed the bottom of her shirt and took it off, over her head. Her black bra looked perfect against her light skin.
"How about now? Does this work"
"Jesus!"
"What?"
"You are killing me. Christ."
"Are you going to 'hulk out'? Please?"
She reached for the pillow covering his crotch.
"No," he said, turning away... although not fighting it all that much.
Hanna reached around, unhooking the bra and throwing it in Nick's lap. Her hands went to her tits, pinching the nipples and stroking them. "Ummm, come on baby. Show me that cock."
"You are evil."
"Mmmmm, oh fuck. It feels so good, daddy."
"Don't do that!"
"What, daddy?"
"Oh God, you're the worst..."
"Let me see your big cock, papi," she said, licking her lips. "My cunt is so wet."
Nick shifted. His dick was throbbing against his leg. His boxers, normally loose, were constricting. He thought he might pass out.
"Why don't you just touch it if you want me to cum so bad."
"No. I don't want that. I want YOU to break your fast. No fair if I touch."
Nick wasn't sure what he was holding out for. This was the common thread throughout his life -- wanting to do something but too afraid to do it for fear of being embarrassed or screwing up. This is a moment that might never happen again, he thought.
"You are hard to resist."
"I know."
"You really want me to?"
"Yes."
"Well... how should I do it?"
"Jesus, Nick, how long has it been again? You need me to teach you to jerk off?"
"No, I mean... do you want me to sit here? Where should I cum?"
Hanna smirked again. "What did you have in mind?"
Nick felt a rush of bravery from somewhere... probably his balls, which were backed up with a month of semen.
"Fine, let me cum on your face, then."
"Deal."
"See, I knew you wouldn't... Wait, really?"
"Yes."
"You didn't let me before..."
"We were teens the one time we fucked. There are a lot of things I wouldn't have let you do before that I would let you do now."
"Wait. Like what?"
"Jack off for me, and maybe I will tell you."
She was too much.
"OK, fine," he said.
She clapped, excitedly, like a little kid getting what they want. "Stand up," she said, giggling. "I want you to give me a show."
Nick was embarrassed, turned on, thrilled and nervous, all at the same time. This was a fantasy. This was a Cinemax movie. This was the closing chapter in every mental masturbation session hence forth.
Nick stood up, throwing the pillow across the room. He took his shirt off. He knew Hanna always liked his chest, so he wanted to put on a good show. She turned, facing him, leaning forward, hands on knees, tits pressed together.
He unbuckled his belt, slowly, letting go of the button fasten and unzipping. He slipped his jeans down and his boxers, letting his cock popped out. He was standing there nude, a foot or so from her face. His cock full and throbbing, the head shiny from a gallon of precum that had been leaking for the last 10 minutes.
Letting out a moan, she bit her lip again. "Wow. This is hot."
"Right?"
"Have you gotten bigger?"
"No. I think you're just sober. You ready?"
"Are you?" she asked.
"Yes."
"Fine, give it to me."
"This show won't last long," he said.
"That is what is so sexy about it."
He was always a good size, but not coming in so long -- and being this turned on -- made him feel even bigger. His cock was warm and engorged and shook in his hand. He took his time, letting his left hand pull at his balls while his right slowly worked his shaft.
He jacked it slowly, not only because he wanted to put on a show but also because he didn't want to embarrass himself. He used the precum to lube the shaft, letting his hand slide up, over the head... he couldn't help but notice Hanna was lasered-in on his every movement, her eyes fixated, just a few inches away.
"You going to cum all over my face?"
"Mmmm hmmm."
"Does it feel good?"
He moaned. "Fuck yes."
"And what about your fast?"
"Fuck it."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Good boy..."
Hanna slid her hand between her legs, pressing it against her soaked slit and lightly rocking against the tips of her fingers and the heel of her hand. She used to get off this way when she was a kid, in the back of the class, before she even knew what masturbation was.
Nick noticed her movement. His eyes quickly darting away. "Are you wet?" he asked. "Soaking," she said.
He was trying to make this last. Trying. Trying. Fuck, it felt good. No. Make it last longer. Don't think about her tits and hard nipples and tight cunt and...
"How long can you last?" she said..
"Not long," he said, looking in her direction but trying to not actually look at her.
"You're doing better than me, because I am almost there."
"Really?"
"MmmmHmmm."
He jacked harder. Even strokes. Enjoying the warmth of her gaze. The sound of her slight moans, her increased breathing. The contrasting noise of his wet palm jerk his cock and the steady rhythm of her rubbing against her jeans.
"I'm close," he said.
"Me, too,"
"Fuck."
"You going to cum for me?"
"Yes."
"Fuck," she said, leaning her perfect face forward. "Cum on my face, daddy. Pleeeeaaaassseee."
She knew that would do it. Nick grunted and moaned, give his cock one last stroke, losing the battle. His body was like one giant nerve, and every glorious feeling in the universe was channeled through his cock and hand. The explosion was almost too much.
Hanna felt the first gush of cum hit her cheek, then her lips, then her chin. She grinded against her hand, feeling his seed drip down on her tits. "Fuucckk," she sort of spoke-moaned as her clit throbbed and her pussy did its own version of exploding. She rocked into the orgasm as Nick covered her lips, mouth, chin and tits.
His toes curled and his eyes went blurry. He thought he might faint, his knees even buckled. He had never came so hard, so long, so much, ever, in his life.
He jerked until he felt empty -- gloriously empty -- staggering back slightly, a pool of cum already collecting on his hardwood floor.
"Wow," she said, cum dripping into her mouth as she spoke.
"Wow."
"I mean..."
He leaned against the kitchen bar behind, feeling his legs turn to rubber. "Sorry."
"For what?" Hanna reached for his shirt and wiped her face and tits, cleaning herself. "That was... intense. I came, too."
"Really?"
"Of course!"
"When?"
"Right around when you said you were going to cum for me."
Silence as Nick pondered this. His cock still semi hard, his hand covered in cum.
"We're weird, right?" he asked.
"Yes," she said.
They let the silence sit there, not sure what to do next. Finally, Hanna spoke. "So what else can I make you do?"