About four years ago I was sitting at the bar of my favourite local pub.
"What's wrong?" I asked Melanie, the attractive middle-aged barmaid in my favourite local pub, The Modern World.
"I'm in a bit of a jam." She sighed as she carefully drew a pint of beer. "My daughter has left her boyfriend and moved back in with two kids in tow." Melanie flashed me a sad smile before handing the guy his beer.
As the bar was quiet she stood close by and poured out all of her woes while watching for customers. The boyfriend was a lazy good for nothing the daughter had finally had enough; and arrived home jobless and penny less with two school age kids.
After a bit of thought, I smiled and touched hand, which was tapping on the wooden bar. "If you ask nicely, I might be able to help out." I winked as I waggled my empty glass, which was in need of a refill.
Melanie screwed her eyes and whispered, "What do you mean?" as she poured me another pint of beer.
"Is she any good around the house?" I asked before taking a long sip of the golden nectar, "cleaning, washing, ironing and stuff?"
"Of course she is." Melanie replied abruptly, "I brought her up well." Then she realised I was only trying to help; "sorry David; I'm...a bit... you know." Then smiled again.
"Well," I took a couple of seconds, "I could probably do with a cleaner these days; you know...I'm not as young as I used to be." I then winked at the voluptuous barmaid; who raised her eyebrows in mock disbelief.
"Work for you?" Melanie giggled; "A dirty old sod like you?" She then curled her lips in deep thought.
"I don't know what you could possibly mean" I tried to keep my laugh in as I tried to look affronted at her accusation.
"You know what I mean." She hissed through a giggle, "You are like a rat up a drainpipe given half a chance. And...she's my little girl."
I knew exactly what she meant as I'd fucked her regularly for about six months, ten years ago when we had both been married and then again on the night of her 40th birthday.
I looked on with a twinkle in my eye as Melanie sashayed the length of the bar to serve two young lads. She still had a helluva sexy arse and looking at the sheen of the nylon I was pretty sure that she was still wearing stockings under her tight denim skirt.
"Look David," she contemplated on her return; "Liza's not the sharpest knife in the box and I know what you are like. Please; if she does come to work with you...no hanky-panky."
"What must you think of me Melanie?" I gasped as I held my hands to my heart; "I am just a good hearted old man looking to do an old friend a favour." I put on my best 'little boy' voice, "Anyway I can hardly get a hard-on these days without a little blue pill."
We both laughed at my last statement; and Melanie raised her eyebrows again.
"Seriously." I continued; "since that problem with my back I hardly get it up these days...and I can't be bothered to take a pill a day before I want my leg over so I just...you know." Then I winked and made my hand into a fist before shaking it.
Melanie laughed out loud; and quickly turned to see if anyone noticed. They hadn't.
"Really?" She moved forward conspiratorially, "DIY? Really? Nothing else?" I nodded and pouted, before taking a gulp of beer. "Poor you. And such a waste too!" Melanie smirked; presumably at the memory of my 7 inch dick all of those years ago.
The bar became busy and a couple of my friends arrived; so it wasn't until closing time when I was leaving the Gents that I bumped into her on the way back to the bar that Melanie broached the subject again. "Were you serious earlier?"
"Yes; I was." I told her as my hand stroked the small of her back. "I will pay a fair rate of course; a couple of days a week; tidying up, washing, ironing; stuff like that I suppose." I responded as I slowly slid my hand onto her ample arse and gave it a squeeze.
Melanie wriggled away; laughing "Should I tell her to call around tomorrow then?"
"About 11?" I laughed as I tried to lift her skirt.
"No hanky-panky, you randy old sod." She laughed as she pulled away and wagged her finger, "You promised."
When I arrived home I went straight onto my computer and the found the hidden file with the three films I'd secretly made of me fucking and spanking Melanie 10 years ago and wanked myself to sleep.
The next morning; as expected just before 11am there was a knock on my front door.
"Hi," the pretty young woman smiled, "Mr. Watts?"
"Call me David, and you must be?" I smiled as my eyes scoured her body.
"Liza, Liza Radley...you know my Mum, Melanie?" The girl nervously muttered, "she said you were looking for a cleaner or something."
I very nearly licked my lips at the thought of 'something.'
"Come in and we can have a chat"; I told her as I ushered her into my house. She was definitely her Mothers daughter as the busty girl's arse wiggled from side to side when she walked towards the living room.
"Would you like a tea or a coffee?" I asked.
"Coffee please." She replied as her eyes flicked around the downstairs rooms.
When I walked into the living room with the drinks she was already sitting on the sofa and had taken her jacket off. Her cream coloured blouse was a size too small, making her big boobs very nicely on display; especially when she leaned forward to pick up her cup.
Young Miss Radley had short, dyed black hair with a red flash across the front; but otherwise was very pretty in an English Rose way; with freckles across her button nose. Physically she was what the websites would call 'chunky;' not fat but fulsome; hourglass even. Plus she had very big round tits, thick muscular legs and a very spankable arse (not unlike her Mothers).
Over the next ten minutes or so we chatted about what the job. We agreed it would entail cleaning and doing my laundry but also ironing my clothes too. We agreed on her visiting three mornings a week; straight after she dropped her kids off at school and I would pay her £45 cash in hand.
The young girl was very friendly and soon relaxed; even accepting my offer of a second cup of coffee. .
When I came back this time she was slightly reclining flicking through my TV magazine and had crossed her legs giving me a little flash of stocking top.
"Well, I'm pleased to see you've got your Mothers good looks." I smiled as I deliberately placed her cup in the middle of the coffee table affording me a few good looks down her blouse. "And her good taste in clothes too." Which I said with a wink; which made her blush.
"Thank you; I try my best." She chuckled as she realised I'd seen her stocking top; so pulled her skirt down; but kept her legs crossed; which meant it quickly rode up again.
Definitely her Mother's daughter!
At the pub that night Melanie thanked me for giving her daughter the job and slipped me a free whisky; although my request for a gobble would have been more fun.
As promised Liza arrived bright and early on Monday morning, Apart from being a stereotypical Chav with her kids names tattooed on her neck and lots of shiny gold jewellryI was pleased to see she was wearing a baggy spaghetti strap vest with a pair of very thin leggings that accidentally showed her polka dot knickers.
"You look especially lovely this morning," I commented as she walked down the corridor to the kitchen.
"Thank you," she smiled, "But Mum said that I had to remind you - no hanky-panky!" Liza chuckled as she picked up her cup revealing a tattoo on her tit and lots of her pink bra which was the type that not only 'lifts and separates, but exaggerates too!
As she began tidying up the living room she asked a bit about me; I'm in my mid 60's, own a few local business as well as some flats and holiday homes. But an expensive divorce and now some painful back problems that were being controlled by powerful medication had knocked the stuffing out of me over the last four years. I still make a decent living; but don't getting the 'action' I used to get as a 'boy about town' up to only a few years ago.
Liza set about her work; tidying up my mess, before dusting and vacuuming the living room; giving me plenty of opportunity to see her pretty green knickers and jiggly boobs which looked as if they were going to burst out of her vest when she was dusting the table and chairs.
All too quickly the cleaning was done and she left to collect her kids for their lunch. While I knew her Mother had said she wasn't 'the sharpest knife in the box' I found her friendly and good company and very, very sexy.
When she arrived on the Wednesday morning Liza was wearing a tight button fronted cardigan that was bursting at the seams; making her look top-heavy and a pair of low cut hipster jeans Today she was going to clean my bedroom and change the bed linen etc.
I tried not to look 'too obvious' and follow her around over the next couple of weeks; but the temptation to watch the voluptuous young woman as she bent over picking things up off the floor, exposing her pink thong, or fabulous boobies got too much for me most days. She did catch me staring down her top one day when she was on her knees stretching to collect something under the sofa; and giggled before wagging her finger.
"Hey; are you staring at my tits?" She laughed as she straightened her blouse but only succeeded in making her jugs wobble even more. "Mum said you were a lecherous bugger."
"I can't take my eyes off them," I laughed, "I was always a tit-man and yours are cracking."
Liza looked puzzled; and cupped her beauties before and checking them out. "Do you really think so?" She asked.
"God yes." I sighed; "you could be a model." I lied.
"What? Like the ones in your mucky magazines?" She giggled as she pressed her tits together and made them wobble; "Don't think I haven't seen them, you dirty bugger."
I knew she'd found them because; while sort of hidden under my bed they weren't in the same order after her last three visits so I presumed she'd been looking at them.
"You know how it is," I sighed as the pretty girl kept hold of her tits, and was ever so gently massaging them, "having a sexy young thing like you around the house is a helluva turn-on and...and...well...a man has to seek some 'relief' doesn't he?"
"What?" She furrowed her eye brows, "You still wank?"
"Of course I do." I chuckled and stretched my jogging bottoms so she could see the outline of my stiffening dick. "It used to take a little blue pill; but seeing you...well...it's a lot more often and a lot more natural these days."
"Shit." She looked shocked as she continued needing her tits, but not taking her eyes off my dick.
"I could do with one now." I huskily told her as I cupped my balls; "I will give you a tenner if you take your bra off and show me your tits while I do it."
Our eyes were now locked as she considered what I'd said.
"But," she bit her lip, "I wouldn't have to do anything?"
"Nope," I smiled as I hooked her in, "Just sit there and jiggle your pretty titties for me."
"£10." The young woman confirmed. I nodded. "Ok." She smiled.
"Close the curtain then." I told her in a stern voice. Liza stumbled to her feet and complied before returning to her previous spot. "Go on then; take your bra off."
With a slight smile on her lips Liza unbuttoned her blouse and dropped it on the floor before unclipping her black and gold bra.
"Fucking hell!" I sighed when they plopped into view; "they are fucking amazing."
Liza blushed as she cupped them again then sighed herself as she squeezed them.
In an instant I took my t-shirt off and began sliding my joggers to my ankles; leaving my dick straining in my tight boxers.
"Are you sure?" I confirmed as I took hold of the elastic on my pants.
"I think" so the girl replied as she knelt in front of me fondling her boobs and nonchalantly rubbing her nipples between her fingers.
As I pulled my pants to my knees my dick sprang to attention, making her chuckle. It wasn't anywhere near as hard as when I was younger; but still stiff and long enough to impress a naïve young thing like this.
Not a word was exchanged as I slowly stroked my cock; pulling the foreskin on and off as I cupped my aching balls and Liza continued squashing and fondling her boobs.
Somehow I managed to coax an extra inch in length as Liza's breath became shallower and her eyes twinkled like diamonds when some pre-cum leaked out of the japs-eye.
It was both the longest and shortest five minutes of my life as I built up a head of steam and felt my balls begin to twitch.
"Wrap your tits around it." I groaned. Without a word Liza shuffled forward and smothered my 66-year-old cock with her young floppy tits. "Make me cum."
The young girl jiggled her tits up and down making my cock disappear and reappear like a magician's rabbit for a minute or so.
"Oh fuck." I gasped as my balls began to tighten and my shaft tingled; followed by a spurt of creamy spunk. "Fucking hell." I panted as Liza continued her titty-fucking and more drops of spunk oozed out onto her massive mammories.
Her tits and cheeks were now flushed as she sat back and let my spunk run down her cleavage.
"Thank you," I panted as I eased back onto the sofa, "thank you sweetheart; you've just made an old man very happy indeed."
Liza giggled as she ran her finger in circles in my junk. "Not done that for a while."
"So; not your first titty-fuck?" I asked as I admired my still stiff cock.
"God no." She looked startled; "Some lads seemed to prefer that to fucking me properly.
"What about you?" I asked her boobs dangled when she fished a tissue out of her bag.
"What?" She replied as she cleaned her tits.
"Do you need to... take care of yourself'?"
She looked puzzled then it dawned on her what I meant. "Sort of." She blushed and turned her head away.
"Come up here and I will do it for you, if you'd like." I chanced my luck.
Liza looked confused as I held out my hand. "Do I still get my £10?"
"£20 if you take your knickers off."
The chubby girl stood up and slid her leggings and knickers off, and lay beside me on the sofa without a word.
I immediately began playing with her tits before suckling her enormous nipples, which made her squirm and press her thighs together.
Not wishing to rush things I slightly rolled her on her side and began stroking her delicious arse; digging my fingers into the flesh and shaking each cheek in turn as I flicked my tongue between her nipples.
Liza instinctively took hold of my dick and began wanking it in time with my own ministrations. With one hand behind her massaging her shoulders I pulled my right back across until I was stroking and tugging at her hairy pubes making his slightly wince; but making no attempt to stop me.
"Open your legs." I whispered as sternly as possible and she moved her weight onto her back and complied; giving me access to her puffed up and sopping cunt.
I stroked the sides for a moment or two then slid my middle finger into her hole; making her bite her bottom lip again. I slid it in and out; and twisted it around before adding a second, which made her curl her leg in response.
"Do you like that?" I whispered as my fingers touched her cervix. Liza nodded and squeezed my dick even tighter.
"Can you take another finger?"
Liza nodded and a third finger easily went inside her sticky cunt.
My fingers were soon pounding her, but I deliberately only grazed her engorged clit; and I presumed she wouldn't dare ask me to finish her off...not the way her Mother used to beg.
Panting and groaning, the girl was now so turned on she was wanking my cock as if it was her own as she stretched her nipples.
"Get on top so I can lick you." I whispered as I slowly ran a finger around her clit.
"What do you mean?" The naïve girl responded.
"Sit on my face and sit the other way and I will bring you off with my tongue."
She shrugged her shoulders and moved and when she was straddling my head, a stream of her love juices dripping out onto my face.
"Slowly lower yourself." I told her and she did, smothering my face as she bent forward on all fours with her tits swinging against my dick.
Her cunt was still dripping and smelt of the most amazing musk as I buried my face in it. My tongue was everywhere from her arse hole to her clit as I slid three fingers deep inside again making her shake and groan. Eventually her knees weakened and she was lying on top of my instinctively sucking my cock and balls as I sucked on her clit with for fingers pumping her young hole as my thumb rubbed against her arsehole.
The next few minutes were a haze as I fisted her young cunt while sucking and licking her clit as she filled her mouth with my elderly cock. With my spare hand I alternated between milking her wobbly tits and slapping her arse; which seemed to make her even wetter.
When Liza began riding my face I knew she must be close to cumming and I was correct. She started screaming and tugging ferociously at my dick as I pulled my hand out of her twat and in doing so unleashed a fountain of piss and love-juice as she began convulsing with a powerful orgasm. The young girl was trembling as her juices ran onto my face and eventually she flopped down exhausted.
"Did you enjoy that?" I asked as I eased her onto her side, where she nervously covered her tits with her arm, but left her sweaty cunt on show. Red faced and sweating Liza nodded.
"You tasted fucking amazing; sweet as fuck." I smiled as I picked my T-shirt up and wiped my face clean.
"What the fuck happened there?" Liza asked quizzically?
"You squirted on me." I smiled as I licked m lips; "not seen that for a long time."
"Squirted?" Liza asked, now wiping her pussy with my shirt.
"You got so turned on, you squirted your cum, like a bloke does." I smiled, as the young girl brazenly lay naked beside me, stroking her tits again. "Did it feel good?"
"God yes!" She grinned, "I've never done anything like that before. Does that always happen when you lick a woman?"
"No." I furrowed my brow, "haven't you been licked out before?"
She shook her head as she clambered over me to pick up her clothing.
"Really?"
"No." she shrugged her shoulders, "lads just want to fuck me or get me to suck their cocks. You know how it is."
"Not really." I smiled as she pulled up her knickers without an ounce of embarrassment. "I love licking pussy; it's my favourite thing, especially if it makes the woman cum."
"Nobody's ever made me cum before." She said as she fastened her bra.
"Nobody?" I asked as I stroked my dick. She shook her head. "But you have cum before?"
"Shit! Yes!" She laughed; "but I've always had to do it myself."
"I'd love to see that." I winked.
Liza smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
"That must be difficult living at your Mum's?" I suggested, "You share a room with your kids don't you?"
She nodded and giggled, "It's a fucking nightmare! I try to be quiet but..."
"Is that why my mags weren't in order last week?"
"Shit." Liza gasped, "I didn't...think...think you'd notice."
"As long as you enjoyed yourself; I don't mind. Maybe you will let me watch next time." I smiled as my wanking had made my cock hard again. "I will give you a tenner if you do."
"OK; but do I still get my £10 for today?"
"Sure, and there's another tenner if you suck my dick."
Without a word Liza kneeled next to the sofa and took hold of my dick giving it a couple of well-practised tugs; before sliding it in her mouth. There was no way I was going to cum again but let her give me a delicious blowjob that lasted nearly ten minutes.
Eventually she had to go and pick her kids up; so I gave her the £20 and looked forward to Wednesday.
Over the next couple of weeks Liza let me watch her play with herself as I wanked and she even sucked me off a couple of times; always charging an extra £10 a time. It didn't take me long to start filming the action on my phone; so I could 'watch again later in the evening' but was really posting everything on the Internet.
It soon became apparent that Liza got turned on by being filmed and knowing guys were looking at her and wanking; and as everything had a price for Ms Radley we started making little videos to post on porn sites. Mostly her playing with herself in sexy lingerie that I bought; but a few of 'cleaning the floor' on her hands and knees with no bra on and her tits wobbling and falling out of her top.
As Liza continued charging me £10 a time; I created our own website - Mr Clean Presents and started charging a membership fee. In the first month we had 146 members; so I realised I needed to instigate Plan B.