To address some comments, I purposefully leave the detailed description of the main characters to the imagination, so they can be your ideal type!
Please keep the suggestions coming.
All characters are above the age of 18.
*
One night, Gavin turned to me and said, "New rule: You should always be naked in our room."
My mouth popped open, "Oh?" That excited me, until I realized, "But then anyone walking by could see me like that!"
"Fine, then just in the evenings and at night."
"O-okay," I smiled and looked down then looked up at Gavin through my eyelashes. I slowly reached down to lift the hem of my tshirt. His eyes were glued to me. I teased the end of it, lifting slowly.
He took a step forward, but I took a step back. His hands clenched into fists, but he was more amused than angry. I ran my hand up my abs, and when I lifted a little higher, I fondled my pecs and twisted my nipples. Gavin was breathing harder, and I was too. I finally took my top off and let it fall on the bed next to me. I ran my hands from my neck down and played with the waistband of the jumper pants. I turned around, stuck out my bottom, and slowly slid them off, following the curve of my perky ass. They joined my tshirt on the bed.
When I turned around, Gavin was closer. It looked like his hands were itching to touch me, but he didn't move closer. Oh, he was so tempting! I got distracted and wanted to start touching him. Gavin must have seen some look on my face, because he groaned and with a gravely voice said, "keep going."
I rubbed my self through my briefs and whimpered. This was getting me so hot! I loved his undivided attention on me. He watched me like a starving man and I was the last meal on earth, his favorite meal.
"Rory," he got me back on track.
Again, I teased my fingers across my waist band, slowly pulling down and letting go, so they climbed back up. I pulled down one side, pulled up, then pulled the other side down, kind of in a rhythm as if there was music playing somewhere. I swung my hips sensually back and forth. I turned around, Gavin was so close now that I brushed against him as I turned and pulled down just enough for my crack and the tops of my buns to peak out.
Gavin shoved me on the bed and ripped my briefs off me. He started mauling my neck, leaving bruises everywhere, biting and sucking. He pulled my hips up, my face still shoved in the sheets.
I tensed up. I hadn't realized I wasn't ready. I both really really wanted it to be Gavin who took my virginity, but I also don't know if I was ready yet. Well, he'd been nice enough to wait this long, and I certainly wouldn't still be a virgin if he hadn't claimed me. I tried to relax, not really being able to, but accepted that Gavin had probably waited long enough. I felt myself shaking slightly.
"Ughh!" Gavin groaned painfully but paused. "You're such a cock tease." He gripped my hips so hard I knew there would be deep purple bruises there tomorrow for everyone to see in the showers. "Appologize."
"I-I'm sorry..." I was scared but still hard.
"What are you sorry for?" He grinded against me from behind.
"I'm sorry for being a cock tease!"
"That's right," he said as he pulled back slightly and squeezed my ass cheek. I moaned.
He pushed my legs together. Then he moved his cock to between my thighs where they met my groin and thrusted between them. I tightened my legs, and he groaned in appreciation. Had he noticed I wasn't ready and compromised? For me?
He leaned over my back, his arms gripping around my waist and shoulders to thrust against me harder. He enveloped me, and I loved the feeling of being used by him! His desperation for me made me hotter than anything else.
"One day soon I'm going to rip you apart with my big fat cock. Your tight virgin ass is going to squeeze the life out of me, and it's going to be the best fuck you'll ever have in your life. I'm going to ruin all men for you." His gravely voice washed over me like a fire blazing through my body. I whined and whimpered and pushed back against his thrusts. He bit my ear and palmed my pecs. His hands worked under my arms and gripped over my shoulders, using a strong hold to increase his pace and slam into me harder. His full balls hit the back of my legs with every thrust, the slight slapping loudly echoing around us and mingling with Gavin's grunts and my moans. His thrusts started to become erratic.
He reached below me and gripped the base of my dick, just squeezing. "Who do you belong to?"
"I'm already yours."
"Tell me you're all mine." His head was over my shoulder, his heavy pants on my ear and neck.
"I'm all yours and only yours!"
"Good boy." He stroked my dick in quick long strokes, focusing extra care on the head. "Come for me," he commanded, and I erupted yelling his name. His come shot out and landed on my cock and our come mixed together all over, which made me happy.
Gavin pulled back and ordered, "Clean me up."
I sat up and gave him a quick peck on the mouth. Then I licked our mixed come off his hand. I licked his palm and between his fingers, then sucked each of his fingers thoroughly with exagerated slurping and sucking sounds. Gavin's eyes tracked my every movement. I bent down to lick his cock head around and around, probably a few more rounds than I needed to. He made some sounds that sounded almost like he was in pain. He brushed his hands through my hair. I licked up and down his shaft cleaning him well. He was still massive, but slightly deflated, I was able to take more of him completely in my mouth. I sucked him hard, and he groaned. I sucked harder as he started to grow in my mouth. Wow, that felt awesome! I loooved feeling his weight in my mouth and knowing I pleasured him so good. I sucked as hard as I could. His hands tightened in my hair, holding me in place for a few seconds then pulling me off.
"I wasn't done yet," I exagerated my bottom lip.
"Pouty lips," he brushed his thumb over them. "It's my turn now."
"Huh?"
Gavin pushed me on my back and crawled over me, stopping and breathing over my already half-hard dick from sucking him. His hands traced my length and held it. He looked me in the eyes and swallowed the entirety of my dick in one go.
"OMG! GAVIN!!!" Wow omfg that felt good!! My dick was instantly hard as steel, and I was dizzy, because all the blood in my body went straight to my dick. The wind was knocked out of me as I felt like I couldn't breath.
He hummed in enjoyment. "Ooohhhhh," I groaned as my head fell back, but I immediately snapped it back up. I didn't want to miss a second of this. He started bobbing his head, and I gripped his short hair for anchor. Wow, his hot, wet, masterful mouth felt incredible!!!! I tried to say that, but my words were slurring. I pulled his hair harder, which he seemed to like. His eyes blazed hotter, and he sucked harder. How was such a hot man between my legs? His mouth was magical.
"I'm gonna-" My dick started ejaculating without warning. "Gaaavinnnn," I moaned. He sucked and swallowed every drop. He licked my sensitive cockhead one last time, causing a full bidy shudder to through my body.
I was boneless. I couldn't move and just looked up at him with a big goofy grin. I probably looked dazed.
Gavin moved up my body, stroking himself. "Open up, tongue out," he ordered. I did what he said. He brough the end of his enormous red cock close to my mouth, and after just a few quick strokes, it jerked, and come flew into my mouth and over my face and chest. Still unable to move, I liked my lips and around my mouth for what I could and swallowed. I whispered, "thank you," and fell into a deep sleep, wrapped up by a heavy warm body all night.
......
I checked out a new book from the library and was almost back at my room when I heard a familiar voice, but I couldn't quite place it.
"Aren't you sick of his lame inexperience yet, Gavin? If I knew you were into boys, I would've helped you out ages ago," said Adrian. He was one of the "boys" who seemed to exchange sexual favors for sometimes contraband, sometimes protection. His body saddled up to Gavin's, his hand on Gavin's large chest, caressing it. I took a step back behind the wall. Adrian was really attractive and so seductive. He oozed sex appeal. He probably would be a better boy for Gavin... Tears welled up in my eyes.
"I'm not interested," Gavin replied coldly. I exhaled a relieved sigh and wiped my eyes.
"Come on, what do you see in a skinny guy with weird lips anyways?"
Is that how others saw me? Despite the warning Gavin gave me last time about friendship here, some of the boys like Adrian had been friendly to me in group settings... at least, I thought so, but were these his true thoughts?
"I'm warning you. Don't waste my time."
I heard some rustling- I couldn't help myself and peeked in. Gavin's jumper was open. Did Adrian try something? And now Gavin was squeezing Adrian's throat, his eyes bulging and his toes barely brushing the floor.
"Have you been stirring up trouble for Rory?" Adrian shook his head until Gavin squeezed harder. Then he nodded in defeat and let his limbs hang loose. "You thought with him out of the way, I'd spare you a glance? That's laughable." Gavin definitely didn't look amused.
Gavin threw him against the ground and started beating him up! Omg! Adrian was going to be a left as nothing but a bloody pulp.
"Gavin! Stop!" I grabbed his arm, and Gavin's furious gaze landed on me, but he stopped.
I leaned over Adrian. "Are you okay?" He shoved me away, wiping blood from his face. Gavin helped me sit back up, then in one forceful punch, knocked Adrian out.
Gavin dragged Adrian out in the hallway and pushed him down th stairs. He turned to those staring in fright and said, "Don't mess with Rory, and don't test my patience."
Wow, Gavin could be really scary. Thankfully, he was my scary man. He did that for me.
He was so strong and knew how to use his body. I loved watching him workout in the gym during rec time, especually when he practiced boxing with the punching bag or when he sparred with some of the other guys. Of course, the sparring sessions were quick, mostly Gavin playing around with his prey until he decided they'd had enough and crushed them. His muscles glistened with sweat and sometimes he'd watch me watch him and wink at me, making my belly feel all sorts of flutters. I think he liked showing off for me as much as I enjoyed watching him.
But seeing him use his honed body in a real circumstance and to protect me and choose me over others was crazy and such a turn on.
Ater that, I had even less dirty comments thrown my way and there were less rumors about me too.
......
Later, as I laid on Gavin's chest, naked, and traced the outline of his defined muscles, I asked, "What do you think about the guard Drake?"
"He's not cruel. He actually seems to have morals, even though he works in a place like this. Not easily corruptable. And he's a fun one to play cards with." Gavin looked at me thoughtfully. "Why? Has he been on your mind?"
After the Adrian incident, I was feeling a little guilty. I needed to come clean to Gavin, even if he got mad. "Well, I didn't know how to tell you this, but when you left me with him in the shower area the other day, he... Well, I was really- He jerked me off, and I came!" I buried my face in his chest, too embarassed and partly scared to look at his face. "I- I'm sooo sorry, Gavin."
His chest vibrated under me, and I realized he's chuckling! Then he full blown started to laugh at me! "Oh, you're too cute!" He pulled me in for a kiss. My lips didn't move from the shock.
"Rory, I thought you realized I purposefully set that up."
"Whaaat?!"
"You're so naive. I was around the corner the whole time. I heard every delicious sound you made. I'd never leave you in such a vulnerable position alone. Did you forget? You're mine." His arms tightened around my body, making it harder to breath, but I didn't mind. I also felt my dick swelling in response to his words. He brought his lips to my ear, "Was it that you were too horny to notice? You were so hard and wet and sensitive then. You begged me so prettily."
"Yeah, you drove me insane!" I tried to subtley rub my hard dick against him.
"And did you like showing off for him in my arms in the shower, stuffed from both sides?" Gavin ran his hands all over my back and squeezed my ass cheeks. My breathing picked up. "Did you like his hands on you? Did he pleasure you well, my Rory?" I groaned.
Gavin pulled down his pants and boxers at once and pulled me on top of him, aligning our cocks. He wrapped his large hands around both of them- Omg! "Soooo good!!"
His eyes lit up even more. "I love taking your firsts." He squeezed around us and and set a punished pace, jacking us off together. I never knew another cock could feel so good against mine! I kissed his chest and neck and skin anywhere I could reach. He grunted. I loved how large and rough his hands were compared to mine. And how long and thick his cock was. I was close.
He increased the speed and pressure even more. "Do you want another play session with our favorite guard?"
"Ughhh!" I spurted over both of us. Gavin kept stroking, still using my sensitive limp dick for friction and all come I shot as lube. He erupted like a fountain. It even hit my face. I wiped it off my cheek and licked it. I hummed in pleasure. He grabbed me for another dirty kiss and tasted himself on my lips.
......
It happened a few nights later. Drake was doing nightly inspections. When he got to our room, I was already naked as usual for the evening and just tidying up our one shelf. I shifted and turned, so he could see a little of my shapely bubble butt back from the side and a peak of my half hard dick in front. I could feel his gaze running over me like a physical touch. I got harder. Gavin asked Drake to inspect our room last. He seemed intrigued and said that would be fine.
"Are you sure Drake is going to be interested?" I asked Gavin as I got on my knees for him.
"Any man would give his left nut to have your attention for but a minute." I laughed. He palmed the back of my head and brought it to his lap. He was fully dressed except for his hard, waiting cock and large, full balls. Gavin timed it so I was slurping enthusiastically up and down his cock when Drake came back.
Drake walked into the middle of the room and let out a deep exhale. I peaked at him from the corner of my eye. Gavin gripped my hair, held my head in place, and started to piston in and out of my mouth, face fucking me. I moaned. I loved when he did that. It felt like he was overcome with his pleasure. Gavin's body was tense. If he kept going, he'd probably be close to the edge.
Instead, he slowed then popped out of my mouth and said, "You know, Drake looks like he's feeling left out."
I wiped my swollen red lips and replied, "That's not good!"
Drake was slowly coming to the realization of what was going to happen here. "Oh, I, uh..."
"Why don't you help him out, beautiful boy? Start by rubbing against him. Let him feel your perfect body."
I got up and walked over to Drake with a teasing smile, because it was easy to be confident when Gavin was in charge. He knows best, and I was excited to get the chance to touch Drake this time! I got really close, just an inch away from his bod. I could feel his heat. I looked up to his face, and he seemed kind of dazed, like he thought he was in a dream and might wake up at any moment. I pushed my body against his. He groaned and grabbed my hips, pulling me even more against him. He was solid as a rock, especially his bulge which was very obvious against my lower stomach.
He ran his hands over my butt and squeezed. This time, I moaned. My head dropped to his neck, and I gave him lots of little kisses. His hands traveled around to my chest and rubbed my nipples. "Oh!" My cock jerked, and I was breathing hard. So much for me seducing him.
"Harder," Gavin commanded, and Drake rubbed my nipples roughly.
"Oohhh!" I whined. "So good, Drake."
"Rory, time to take Drake's cock out to play."
"Ohh yeah! I want that!" I slid down his body, and Drake's eyes blazed.
"Wait," I froze with my hands over the zipper. "Rub him over his pants first," Gavin said. I found his hard rod snaking down his pant leg and rubbed.
I could feel the tension in Drake's legs. His eyes lidded as he said, "You look good on your knees for me." I smiled bashfully.
"Now remove just his pants and mouth his cockhead." I did as told.
"Ugh," Drake couldn't hold it.
"Time to take your candy out."
I pulled Drake out of his boxers, gripping his large cock as much as I could. His boxers fell, and he stepped out of those too.
"Oh wow! You're so big, and it's pulsating like it can't wait to get in my mouth. Can I lick it yet, Gavin?"
"Not yet."
Drake and I both groaned in frusturation.
"Suck on his balls, beautiful, and make sure to look Drake in the eyes."
I sucked one then the other hanging ball in mouth, suckling good.
"Hmm yeah! I like when my balls are pulled a bit, not too hard," Drake said.
"You heard him."
I pulled on him between sucking, and Gavin made appreciative noises. Drake petted my hair. I leaned into the touch.
I heard skin on skin next to me. Gavin was stroking himself watching us! Ohhh that's so hot! Drake peaked over and echoed my thoughts, "Man, that's hot!"
"Gavin, may I please suck Drake's cock now?"
"You should ask him."
I looked up at Drake through my eyelashes. His body was already vibrating. "Can I pleeeaase suck our cock now, Drake?"
"Fuck! Stick your tongue out first." I did, and he slapped his cockhead on it. Mhmm. I felt his body shiver under my hands with each hit. He stopped and held still for me.
"Now suckle his cockhead. It's so red and swollen, just for you, just like mine is from watching what a good job you're doing. Good boy, Rory." I preened from his praise.
I'm was so turned on being watched while giving a blow job! And being ordered around! Wow.
Drake grunted as I took him in my mouth for the first time. I gently sucked then increased the pressure. He started pushing deeper into me. I bobbed my head up and down.
"Fuck, Gavin, it's like his mouth was made for this."
"I know," he groaned in reply. "Isn't it the hottest wettest most eager mouth you've ever had?" His strokes sped up.
"Hell yes!" I was encouraged and pushed through my gag reflex to take all of him in me. I made it as he hit the back of my throat, and I choked but stayed on.
"Ugh, that's perfect! Again!" Drake ran his hands through my hair.
"Grip his hair for purchase, Drake. Hold him where you want him," Gavin instructed.
We all groaned in unison as Drake gripped tight, pulled me off to suck in enough oxygen, then pulled me all the way on him. My throat spasmed, and Drake grinded into my mouth. Spit was running down my chin. I couldn't take it anymore and fisted my own hard dick, weeping precome.
I heard Gavin grunt. "Sucking your cock's making the boy so horny he can't help but rub himself."
"Oh shit!" Drake's hips stuttered.
"Rory, off," Gavin said. I whined but followed orders.
Drake was panting. "That was close. I almost came."
Gavin got up and stood next to Drake. He gripped my hair and brought me onto his cock. I moaned. He controlled my movements, bobbing me up and down his cock, as if I was a sex toy for his pleasure. Then he pulled me off, grip still firm, and pushed me on Drake's cock!
"Hot damn," Drake moaned in appreciation as Gavin still controlled my movements, pushing me all the way down on Drake's cock, until my nose was buried in his pubes. He held me there, and I jacked myself harder. I moaned around his cock, which caused Drake to moan. Gavin bobbed my head harshly and quickly up and down Drake's cock.
"Man, I'm almost there!" Drake warned. His hips stuttered. Gavin's breathing was pretty harsh now too. He jerked me back and forth then pushed me to take all of Gavin again. "Swallow around his cock." I did and Drake made a choking sound. "Again!" This time Drake erupted down my throat. I milked him for everything he had and swallowed it all.
"Thank him for his cock, baby boy."
Drake's cock slipped out if my mouth. "Thank you for your cock, Drake."
He groaned and collapsed on the bed, still watching us with heavy lids.
Before I could completely catch my breath, Gavin shoved himself in my mouth. "Mmph! Hmm!!" My hand flew over my dick, and I came too.
"Fuck!" My coming undone triggered Gavin's orgasm. He pulled out and came all over my face and chest. Then he leaned down and rubbed it all into my skin. "Now, your full of Drake's come and covered in my mine." Drake and I groaned at that.
I joined Drake on the bed and cuddled against his chest. Gavin got a towel to wipe us all off.
"That was the hottest blow job, hell sex in general of my life," Drake said.
"Was fucking hot to watch you two. Stop by any time," Gavin slapped his shoulder.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah, man. Rory's taken a liking to you, and I can't disagree."
"Is that so, pretty boy? Is it alright with you if I come around more?" He rubbed my back with the arm he had drapped over me.
"Yes, please! That is... if you want to..."
"That's not even a question."
Drake lazied in bed with me for a bit while Gavin moved to his bunk above to read more of the boxing magazines he likes, but Drake eventually had to leave as his shift was coming to end. "Wish I could stay all night with you, or actually take you with me instead. Hmm I should work on that..." He kissed my lips, and I melted against him. He pulled away with another squeeze to my butt and headed out. I joined Gavin on his bed and quickly fell asleep.
......
Many of the other prisoners were well-built like Gavin, but of course not as strong as my man! They were offen assigned physically taxing jobs in the prison. As I was quite the opposite, and they couldn't afford to waste Gavin's talents, we were seperated for several hours a day. I was assigned the the laundry room in a basement tyoe area.
It was boring but nothing too difficult.
"Well, hey there, Rory." A gross large prisoner and his teo buddies saddled up to the machine I was loading.
"Dude, he's Gavin's," a guy beside him elbowed him. "You saw what happened to Adrian."
Another guy said, "We're not weak boys like Adrian, are we?"
"It's still Gavin! Even Nate doesn't pick fights with him. Stay in your lane if you know what's good for you."
"What he doesn't know won't hurt him."
"You know what? I'm out. It's your funeral."
Of the two guys who remained one added, "And at the end of it, we'll just make sure he's unable to talk."
While they had been discussing all this, I had slowly crept to the exit of the laundry room. I couldn't outrun them long, but I could get a head start!
They finally noticed, "Hey! Where are you going? Get back here and get on my dick before I strangle you!"
I turned and ran for my life, literally. They weren't far behind me, and they were gaining quick. Crap crap crap! I didn't know my way around too well yet, and I could already feel my muscles tiring. They yelled profanities behind me.
It was like a maze down here, the hallways labeleed by letters. I just ran by hallway H. Oh, Drake! Didn't he say he sometimes works in hallway K? I picked up the pace, pushing myself to the limit. It was a sprint to the finish line, either for Drake or the end of a horrible- No, don't think about that! Focus. Run, breath, get to Drake. They were taunting me as I ran. Hallway K! I almost missed it. I backtracked a step and turned.
"Drake! Drake!" I yelled with the only oxygen I had left. He popped out of one of the many doors.
"Pretty boy?" He smiled wide before noticing the distress on my face. "Rory what's wrong?" He asked as I reached him, collapsing, trying to catch my breath. I think I was going to vomit from the exertion. The two large men turned the corner and came to a stop in front of us. I jumped behind Drake fisting my hands in the back of his shirt to keep from falling over.
Drake stood up to his full height, towering over the bulky but unskilled two prisoners. He put a hand on his tazer, and asked, "What's going on here?"
"We were just playing around. No big deal," one answered and the other tried to step around to grab me!
Quick as a flash, Drake karate chopped them or something in precise spots and they collapsed.
"Woah..."
Drake turned and pulled me in a hug. So tight of a hug, he lifted me of the ground. "Are you okay?"
I shook my head and wrapped my legs around his waist. I was still shaking. "Hey, it's okay." He rubbed my back. "You don't have to go back." He walked us farther down the hallway and around the corner. We stayed wrapped up in each other arms for a while, and I calmed down. He was holding me up by my butt, which he intermittently caressed.
"Why don't we talk about something else?"
"Like what?"
"Like... what's your favorite animal?"
I giggled. "I like turtles, especially sea turtles."
He laughed, and I smiled. "Cute. Now you ask a question."
My legs tightened around Drake's waist. I was going to embarass myself, but I was so curious! "So... you mentioned when we first met that I'm not your type. Um, what is your type?" I pulled back to look at his face.
Drake looked at me for a long time then said, "Women."
My mouth popped open. "You.. you're..."
"Yeah, I was straight until you showed up."
"But you made me feel so good in the shower area!"
He smiled, "Jacking your dick isn't that different from jacking mine, is it?" I laughed again.
He walked us down a different hallway and into what looked like a break room. He slid down onto a couch with me still in his lap. I could feel his hard on growing as time went by, but he didn't do anything about it. We chatted about this and that until we realized over an hour had gone by.
He caressed my cheek and brushed the side of my face. "You think you're good to go back out and to your room for the rest of the night? I'm going to take care of some things." I nodded my head, and he walked me back to my room and waited until Gavin returned too.
I was so nervous all night about having to spend so much time in the laundry room basement day after day. Gavin rubbed my back and pulled me close to him. I pretended to sleep so he would, but then lied awake for hours wondering what tomorrow would bring.
The next day, I dragged my feet to the laundry room, only to find that I had been re-assigned to the library! I ran out of there like the place was on fire.
On my way, I took a detour to find Drake. When I did, I jumped up and hugged him then pulled back. "Thank you! How did you do it?" My hand was caressing his chest, and I played with the buttons of his uniform.
"Well, I originally thought laundry would be easy for you but hadn't realized how isolated it'd be down there. So, I reassigned you to the library. Still light work, can be more busy work, but there's way more people around, including outside volunteers so also more security. And as a bonus, I noticed you like books, yeah?"
"Yeah," I felt warm inside that he was thinking about me. I moved my hands over his shoulder and up his neck. "So, you're in charge of the assignments?"
"Well, I have final say, since I'm the most senior guard."
"What? But you're so young!"
"I'm 28. That's almost a decade older than you."
And Gavin was 31. I don't know why them being so much older than me turned me on more. "But you're not an old geezer like some of them."
"I'm senior, not by age but because I've worked here the longest. There's a lot of turnover in jobs at a place like this, but I don't mind it." He gripped my waist. "Especially now. So, you thing I'm handsome and at the prime of manliness?"
I laughed with him. "Mhm hmmm..." I ran my fingers under his shirt collar and stroked the skin underneath as far as I could reach. "You're soooo hot, Drake. Sometimes, you, um, make me burn from the inside." I was trying to pull his collar down further at this point.
"Damn, you're so needy, and I love it. Is my shirt offending you, pretty boy?"
"Yeah, I want to feel more of you."
Drake groaned and leaned toward my lips like he was going to devour me. I tilted my head up, but we heard sounds and footsteps marking people's approach in the hallway, so we pulled apart.
Drake ran a hand through my hair and patted me on the head- like I was some pet! But I didn't dislike it. I actually leaned into the touch.
"Alright, go get some rest before your new job tomorrow." I grabbed his hand and kissed and licked his palm. He hissed out a breath.
......
"I think we should give Drake a thank you present," Gavin stated when I told him what Drake did for me.
"Yeah! That's a great idea! But what?" I couldn't think of anything we could give him that he couldn't just get himself on the outside.
"You," Gavin smiled wide. "With a bow and everything."
When we were ready, Gavin told Drake I had prepared a present for him back in our room. He probably didn't know what to expect but was hopefully more curious than weary.
The anticipation of waiting was making me harder. I was so turned on at the thought of the picture I presented.
Drake rounded the corner to enter the room and stopped dead in his tracks.
I was naked, with my hands and legs tied to the bed rails, and gagged. There was a red ribbon tied around my hard dick pointing up to my belly ending in a large bow that shook as my dick pulsed and jerked.
"Holy fuck!!! What a fucking fantasy," Drake said. Even from here, I could tell his cock immediatly hardened to steel. It pushed against his pants so hard I was worried the seams would actually rip. He palmed himself through his pants.
"Are you okay?" He asked me just in case.
I nodded my head.
"Were you... waiting for me?" I didn't recognize Drake's voice, it was so gruff. He made his way to the edge of the bed.
I nodded again and felt my face flush.
"Fuuuuck," Drake seemed to like his present!
He ripped off his shirt and undershirt and threw them on the ground. His muscled chest and arms were even more apparent bare. Each one of them flexed in a delicious way as he moved.
He kissed my belly with a big wet sound! I giggled, though muffled through the gag. Gavin said I needed it, because I was too loud, and we didn't want others to hear and bother us while Drake and I had our fun. He twirled his tongue in my bellybutton then continued with little kisses to my side and close to my groin. I moaned and pushed my hips up.
"We'll have time for that later," he said as he kissed his way up the indents of my abs and to the center of my chest, leaving a trail of fire in his wake. I arched up, silently begging him for more. He palmed my pecs and thumbed my nipples. I jerked and the ropes holding my wrists pulled taut.
"Mmmhh," he hummed and did it again and again my body jolted. He kept rubbing me deliciously. I could only twist my hips back and forth and groan. The bow ribbon around my dick also tantalizingly brushed against me.
His tongue started a little trail across my heart and neared my nipple until he just feathered across it with just the tip. I whined. He flicked my nipple back and forth then suddenly flattened his tongue across it, - "Oh yeah!" - sucked it -"hmph!" -, then bit it - "Ah!!!" My muffled sounds weren't clear, but Drake easily saw my reactions.
He leaned over mu dick and breathe on it. He licked the tip. "Uuugghh!" I could feel my heart beat in my dick.
He grabbed the base of me. "Now i get to unwrap my gorgeous present!" He bent down and bit the end of the ribbon with his teeth. He oh so slowly pulled the ribbon and undid the bow. Woooww he's sooo sexy.
He pumped my dick, and I already felt on edge. He teased me for a few pumps more then let go to run his hands over every inch of me. I mean every inch. He started at my tied ankles and worked his way up my calves and thighs and rubbed where they met my groin. I writhed, anchored only by the ties and his strong grip. He pulled on my balls like I had to him before and yeah! That did feel good! He kissed the inside of my thighs then worked up my body to my neck. He sucked bruises aaaall over me. I was going to look like I was mauled by a bear tomorrow. A very handsome, sexy bear. He kissed the insides of my wrists and trailed kisses down my arms and chest and across my abdomen again.
He got up, and I immediately missed his body close to mine. He stripped his pants and boxers off. I enjoyed the view, and he noticed. "Hmm like what you see?" I nodded my head enthusiastically.
He laid down next to me, his fat cock against my hip, and ran his hands across my skin again. Out of no where, he pinched my nipple, and I jolted up! Then he caressed gently again, only to slap my dick!! "Oh!" I couldn't move, just taking what he gave me. "Ughh!"
He undid my gag and shoved his tongue in my mouth, exploring everywhere. I moaned wantonly. He eased off and nipped my lips. He kissed me deeply. I was melting. I had no frame of reference of time or place. It was only Drake and his seductive mouth. I chased his mouth when he pulled back. He told me to suck as he stuck two fingers in my mouth. I lubed them up well, hoping they would be going in my ass sometime soon! I wiggled my hips, and he simultaneously chucked and groaned. "So debauched, so beautiful," he said as he reapplied my elastic gag and headed below. My legs were tied in a fashion that spread my legs wide, which he settled between.
I suddenly panicked. What if Drake tried to stick his cock in me? Ohh yes I moaned at the thought! But even though Gavin gets off on me being with Drake, he would be upset about someone else taking me first. My muffled sounds must have alerted Drake in some way that was not enjoyment. He immediately slid up my body to pull the elastic gag to the side. "What's wrong? What is it?"
"I- I'm still a virgin..."
Drake's eyes darkened. "I know, Gavin told me, and I know we're waiting..." He let the elastic snap back into place stuffing my mouth and rubbed up my crack and against my hole. "For now."
Oh they talked about me? And he said we? Maybe the guys were closer than I thought.
He inserted a finger, my dick got even harder if that was possible and my balls full as can be.
He twisted his finger around and around. He's so amazing, I keep forgetting I'm Drake's first time with a man. I wonder if Gavin gives him tips? The thought of them talking about how to touch me made me hotter.
"Gaahh!" He found my prostate! He smiled wide.
"There we go, baby boy." He pumped against it a few more times then removed his finger. He came back with two and rubbed me in that perfect spot again. He made little circles, which drove me insane! I was moaning with abandon. He paused and my eyes popped open. I whined. Why did he stop?
"Ride my fingers." His voice was husky, and he sat up to get a better view of my whole body and face. Tied up, my body had limited movement, except surprisingly for my hips, which had a good enough range for a few inches. I pushed on his fingers, which were curved perfectly, so all I had to do was move to rub my sensitive spot against him. I picked up the pace until I was fucking myself on his fingers.
"Yes, baby, just like that. Your ass is gripping me so tight! And it's just two fingers. Are you going to choke and milk my cock when it's in you?" My hips stuttered, and I moved faster. The ropes still limited my movements. I wanted more. "Mhhh like that do you?"
He held my hips in place with one hand then thrust into me like a jackhammer. He intermittently scissored his fingers then pushed and rubbed on my swollen prostate so good, my body shook and I yelled, a warning I was going to come. He stilled and slipped out his fingers. I immediately felt empty. He hooked one finger around my ass' outer ring muscle and pulled. "Oohhh," that felt good.
He moved up my body again, briefly stopping to torture my nipples some more "Ughh!" then undid my gag. My jaw ached a bit, but I smiled. "Draaake," I moaned his name. He grunted and faced my dick while he hovered his over my face. Oh!! A 69! He lifted over my mouth for me to suckle his cockhead. He hissed at the contact then gently lowered himself into my mouth. I breathed through my nose and sucked on about half his dick, lathering it up with my tongue, until he snapped his hips forward and the rest of it crammed into me then out again. He did quick thrusts then held above me for me to twirl my tongue around the tip. He licked up the sides of my shaft, immitated me by twirling his tongue around, then stuck his tongue against the slit. "Oh Drake! Yeah!!"
I did the same to him, earning me deep grunts that vibrated against my head. He kept pumping his cock in a steady rhythm in and out of my mouth, me sucking as wholehearditly as I could on every upstroke. He took more care exploring my dick and balls. His hand slid back to my hole and slipped in.
I didn't know how much longer I was going to last. He had already brought me the brink multiple times. Now, I was tied down, covered by his heavy weight unable to move, and every part of me was either stuffed by him or covered by him. So hot!!
I bobbed my head faster over his steel rod, my slurping noises sounding obscene. I loved his huge heavy member in my mouth stuffing me full. My throat and voice were going to be very hoarse after this.
He found my prostate again and rubbed relentlessly as he sucked my cock to the back of his throat. Once, twice, then- "UuGhgh!!" My come erupted. I felt some of it drip from his mouth, but he caught and swallowed most of it then licked the rest. He hummed around me. "Ah! too much!"
He popped off, lifting the front of his body, shifting more leverage towards his hips and legs and RAMMED my mouth. I was gagging, which seemed to stimulate his cockhead well going by the jerking of his cock and body and the noises he was making. His pumps became erratic, marking that he was close. I swallowed every time he went deep and I moaned on the last one and he erupted! His hot jizz shot down my throat in a very satisfying way.
Drake flipped around and collapsed on me, his weight heavy but comfortable. Once he caught his breath, he kissed my forehead and untied me. Ooh I ached, but Gavin rubbed and massaged each wrist and ankle. There were already bondage marks forming, which I thought would be a hot reminder of this for the next few days.
He pulled me against him as the little spoon. He hugged me tight from behind, "You doing okay?"
My voice was still compromised from his cock fucking. "Better than okay, super okay. That was, wow!"
"Wow is right," he nuzzled my neck.
We must have fallen asleep, because Gavin woke us up later. Drake jumped out of bed. "Oh no, thanks for waking me, Gavin! I need to get back to my station before anyone notices." He dressed quickly, gave me a deep lingering kiss, and pocketed the ribbon giving me a wink.
I recounted the whole affair for Gavin as I pleasured him multiple times that night!