A Walk in the Park
Three weeks after Jaime's revenge against Cody, things have gotten (mostly) back to normal, with a few minor changes. Starting with the younger brother, Colin has steered clear of his older brother ever since he had helped him get his revenge on Cody, but has strangely been seen with Alice and her friends very often, with rumors of him being in various states of undress. Jaime himself was still coming to terms with his newfound liking for stripping and humiliating other guys, and wanted to try it out again, all that remained was finding the perfect victim, and that opportunity would present itself quickly and unexpectedly...
All that leaves is poor young Thomas who has managed to keep out of trouble so far, the nineteen year old lad has been spending a lot of time thinking about recent events. He found that ever since Jaime and his friends had stripped him naked and jerked him off...he kept wanting to do it again, his body betraying his shame and humiliation.
Both at night and in his dreams he wanted to be exposed, every morning waking up with a hard on with large wet spots on his underwear. He got desperate and vented to Sebastian just a few days ago about one such dream, but quickly regretted it as he feared that he might tell Jaime about it. He had grown quite close to the older jock in recent weeks, the two of them hanging out more and more often, and while he didn't tell him this, Thomas dreamed one night of Sebastian being the one stripping him. Little did he know, however, was that his long unfulfilled dream...was about to come true.
Character Description:
Thomas: Standing at 5'11, Thomas is a 19 year old otter, is rather pale and has lean but well built muscles. He has blue eyes and shaggy black hair that curls slightly, with a sharp jawline that ends with a pointed chin. While rather skinny, Thomas' bubble butt is rather large, large two large globes attached to his backside, and his cock stands at a proud 7 inches fully hard.
Sebastian: Is 21, and 6'3, Sebastian is a green eyed brunette with a deep tan, and large muscles from his sports activities. His hair is short, cut to the top of his head but has slight facial hair that runs down the sides of his face. Sebastian (Or Seb) has a girthy cock that is 7 1/2 inches fully hard, is the largest among his friends including Jaime.
Thomas's POV
It was finally the end of daily practice, sweat drenched my tank top and light sport shorts despite the cloudy weather. It seems even soccer can't take off the growing pressure inside me, I thought to myself as I finished packing up my change of clothes inside my travel bag. I was about to make my way to the locker room for a quick shower when I got the text from Sebastian that had just five words:
Seb: Meet me behind the bleachers ;)
That last emoticon made me blush. No point in responding really, if he's there he can already see where I'm going, I thought to myself as I threw my phone back in my bag, and ignored the twitch in my crotch as I changed direction towards the bleachers. I wasn't quite sure what to make of that guy, he was being really kind and friendly, at first I thought it was because he felt bad about what Jaime had made him do.
Now....now I have no idea, I suppose I like Sebastian well enough...and it seems I can't get him out of my head after that last dream...I tuned out that last thought as I got closer to the bleachers, I didn't need to pop a boner in the middle of the field and especially in front of Sebastian.
I haven't even jerked off in weeks, every time I get horny I think about that...time in the car with Sebastian and Jaime, why can't I just let this go??? I thought to myself as I arrived at the bleachers and made my way behind them. I got lost in thought as I arrived to find nobody there, I chuckled to myself that Sebastian was probably playing a childlike prank on me again, at least that meant things were back to normal between us then. Ever since I told him about one of my dreams of getting my clothes taken from me he had gotten strangely quiet, and always seemed like he was busy with something.
Might as well head off home then I thought to myself as I turned to leave, but as soon as I took one step forward I heard a shuffling sound from behind me and before I knew it I felt someone tackle me from behind and I fell to the ground.
Before I had a chance to even think I felt whoever tackled me taking off my shoes and socks. I started panicking when I felt whoever it was reaching for the hem of my shorts and started to pull them down along with my underwear. But my assailant was faster, stronger, and had me pinned underneath him. I could do nothing but flail my legs in a vain attempt to keep my shorts and underwear on but to no avail as I felt them slide up and off my legs leaving me naked from the waist down.
I felt a hand slap my bare ass and I felt a rush of embarrassment in my cheeks as I could feel my dick getting hard very quickly, even underneath me and pushed against the bare grass. The pressure on top of me was suddenly gone and I felt myself being flipped over and I found myself staring right into Sebastian's eyes. His face was set into a twisted grin of delight as he moved close towards my ear.
"have a nice walk home," Sebastian said.
He reached his hands up and in a flash he had ripped my tank top off me, the remains of which fell to the ground around me, leaving me fully naked. For a brief moment he stared into my eyes, my face a mixture of shock and humiliation and his look softened for a moment before he quickly got up. He then gathered up my clothes, took one look at my crotch and gave me one last smirk before he ran off, leaving me naked.
When I recovered from my state of shock, I noticed my dick was fully hard and bouncing in the breeze, and was already leaking precum.
"Fuck!," I yelled out loud to no one in particular.
I quickly used my hands to cover myself and started looking around to see if he had left....and I felt my hope die out as he had grabbed my bag with my change of clothes, clever bastard. I quickly laid out my options, first was that Sebastian was playing one of his games and would come back with his clothes once he felt satisfied.
"Bastard could still decide that hours of this are enough," I said.
I dismissed that thought as I decided my best chance was to get home as quick as possible, I didn't live far and the quickest way back was through...
"the park," I said out loud.
If I get spotted....no, I need to take the risk, I can't trust Sebastian's games, I thought to myself. I made my decision, and quickly looked to see if anyone was around, then I started running straight towards the park...
Sebastian's POV
I giggled to myself in delight as I hid just a short distance away from where Thomas was, naked and exposed. The young lad had looked so cute when he had looked right into my eyes after I had stripped him of most of his clothes, his pale cheeks deep red in embarrassment.
The sight of him on the ground with that expression and his dick fully hard...I felt my own cock twitch in my shorts, it was already fully hard since I had tackled Thomas. I had Thomas' clothes bundled in my arms, and was counting down to five minutes before I would run back over to give them back. I always played these kinds of games with him...only this was the first where Thomas' dignity was at stake, and not a bag of doritos I thought to myself.
But I couldn't help myself, ever since Thomas had told me about that dream I knew I needed to do something to help, and I thought this was the best way to help both of us out. But I must admit...I did want to see him naked again, plus the thought of seeing that expression again was perhaps worth the trust I've earned from him in recent weeks. I couldn't deny that I felt an attraction to Thomas I can't quite explain and I didn't know how far it went...yet.
I was brought out of my thoughts when my timer beeped, five minutes had passed. I quickly gathered up everything and made my way back over to the bleachers, but I was dumbstruck to see that Thomas was no longer there.
"damn it, guess I should have thought of that..." I said to myself.
I'm gonna need some help with this mess, I thought to myself as I brought out my phone to contact the one person I knew would help, and would be pleasantly surprised to encounter a naked Thomas again...
Jaime's POV
I was sitting in my room, bored and with nothing to do on my bed when my phone suddenly buzzed, I grabbed my phone to see it was a text from Sebastian, actually a few texts that read:
Seb: Hey man, I really need your help with something...
Seb: I may or may not have stripped Thomas naked and left him on the field for a few minutes...I meant to bring them right back but when I got there he was gone! Can you help me find him? I don't want to get him in (well, serious) trouble.
A wicked grin grew on my face, and my cock twitched as I thought of the young Thomas running through the streets, naked and exposed where anyone could see. I quickly responded with:
Jai: Sure man, I'll help, and I think I know where he may have gone, the park is the quickest route but just in case check the back ways in case he decided to take a longer but (relatively) safer way back home.
Seb: Thank you, thank you so much bro, once you find him let me know and I'll bring his clothes right over.
Jai: No problem man, see you both soon ;)
And with that, I grabbed my keys and phone and headed out, the park was right across the street from my house.
"Don't worry Thomas I'll make sure you get your clothes back from Seb, but I want to have some fun first," I said.
I then began to make my way across the street and into the park. I suppose this day isn't turning out so boring after all, I thought to myself as I could have sworn that I saw a flash as I walked into the park that looked suspiciously like a bare white form taking cover behind a large bush.
"No, not boring at all," I said.
With a grin of delight on my face, I took a step in his direction and walked over to my awaiting victim...
Thomas's POV
(Just a few moments before)
I rushed into the park, my hands covering my shame as my cock refused to go down and it was all I could do to avoid the sparse people that walked along the paths inside. I hid behind whatever vegetation was available and when it wasn't I just sped past whoever it was before they could do or try anything, though I could have sworn I felt someone slap my ass...
I put that thought out of my head as I ducked once more behind a large covering of bushes to put myself out of sight from someone that just walked into the park, though I didn't see who it was. As I crouched, I lifted my hands up to see through the sparse branches of the bushes I was hiding behind. I felt my cock twitch once more and I let out a soft moan, quickly covering my mouth in shock and embarrassment.
Get a hold of yourself! This is no time to be thinking about that! I thought to myself but I could feel my body's urge for release, and it was growing despite my protest which made it all the worse.
"Maybe...maybe just real quick so it'll go down and I can get home...yeah...yeah that's what I'll do," I said softly.
I slowly gave in to the pressure inside my body, which was begging for attention, I couldn't help myself as my hand almost instinctively started to reach for my crotch. I lowered my left hand down towards my eagerly awaiting and throbbing seven-inch cock and had just wrapped my hand around it when I heard an eerily familiar male voice say:
"I agree, why not relieve yourself? It's really obvious you need it," he said.
I quickly covered myself again and I turned to look upwards to see Jaime standing there, a wicked grin on his face and walked around the bushes and stood not five feet from me. I stood up and stared right into his eyes, my face vainly trying to look defiant in spite of my obvious embarrassment and quickly growing humiliation.
"Seb told me of the prank he played on you, you really should have stuck around because he was only gone five minutes and was going to give them right back to you," Jaime said.
I slapped my own forehead at the revelation, of course...of course! You goddamned fool! I thought to myself before I realized Jaime was staring downward right at my now exposed cock and quickly covered myself up again.
"But since I've got you here, why don't you finish what you started and jerk off? You already decided on your own and plus...it's not like I haven't seen it happen before," Jaime said.
My face turned beet red response, my eyes widened and stammered when I tried to voice my response.
"w-what?! No way! I can't do that now!" I said in response.
"You have two options here: one is to flee now and hope you make it back home without anyone seeing you or wait here for when Seb arrives with your clothes, and since you're here why not relieve yourself? Dude, seriously I've never seen anyone need it so bad" he said.
It was hard to deny, hell how can I deny it? He clearly saw me about to jerk off and would have had he not said anything, likely to make me feel even more humiliated than I did already, I thought to myself.
"Y-you won't tell anyone...right?" I asked him.
He got a look in his eyes for a second before he smiled and said:
"My lips are sealed cutie, now come on and pleasure yourself, I know you want to," he said.
His smile had something sinister to it, but my mind was clouded by the swirl of emotions I was in, so I, albeit very reluctantly, moved my hands away, my cock still fully hard and leaking.
I heard Jaime whistle as I closed my eyes and thought to myself let's just get this over with as I wrapped my left hand around my cock and started stroking, slowly at first, but I quickly picked up speed as I got lost in the sensations. I started to feel everything else fading around me as I gave in to the pleasure...
Jaime's POV
I couldn't believe the sight I was seeing, the lad was really jerking himself off, while he knew I was watching! I felt my own cock strain against my shorts as I became mesmerized by the sight. Once he closed his eyes, I got a devilish thought in my head and took out my phone and quickly started recording the sight of the naked lad jerking himself off and was clearly enjoying himself. As I recorded, I got a text from Seb that read:
Seb: I'm almost there, you said the large bushes by the fountain right? Also Toby just told me of some party happening at his house right now and invited us to go.
I grinned at the news and I thought to myself this day can't get any better! As I started to form a plan in my head and quickly texted back:
Jai: Yea that's the one, and that's interesting we'll talk about that in a bit, but you better hurry, you don't want to miss the climax of the show ;)
I didn't get a response back after that, likely picking up the pace no doubt, but don't worry buddy, even if you miss this show, with what I've got in mind you likely won't forget it for the rest of your life...
Sebastian's POV
I stormed my way into the park, nearly hitting a few pedestrians along the way as I quickened my pace as soon as Jaime had texted me back that last text, my cock had lurched inside his shorts and he was running with a semi-hard on. I needed to see if what I was about to see was what I thought it was. I knew Thomas had been sexually repressed lately and when I had torn his clothes off his dick was already leaking precum...
I nearly shouted with joy when I finally reached the fountain, and I looked to my right to see the bushes, nearly as tall as an adolescent tree and made my way around the back towards the sight that awaited me. My jaw dropped when I took it all in, there he was, standing there naked in all his glory his head thrown back in pleasure as he jerked off his seven-inch cock, his medium-length shaggy black hair waved as his body tightened, I knew what was coming and it was going to happen at any moment.
I gazed at his naked body, well-built and lithe, his chest hair light but with a thick bush of dark-haired pubes to match his hair and ocean-blue eyes that made me want to...My thoughts trailed off I took in the sight I saw Jaime off to the side, a grin on his face as he recorded Thomas jerking off.
Of course, I thought to myself and he surprised himself when I felt a pang of...jealousy, and envy. That should be me recording that sexy man pleasuring himself, and after he had finished I would take him in my arms and...wait, what is this? Do I...like him? I think I might...I was brought out of my thoughts when I heard Thomas moan out loud now he had lost himself completely and I could tell he was nearing climax. My eyes were glued to the sight as the moment neared...
Thomas's POV
I'm so close, so close now I thought to myself as I could feel that all too familiar feeling, I still felt a sense of embarrassment as I knew that Jaime was watching and maybe Sebastian if he's here yet, but at the moment I didn't care. I-I need this, I need to cum I thought to myself, and as I did so I couldn't deny it anymore...I liked this, getting stripped and exposed liked this, watched while I pleasured myself and who knows what else...
In a moment of confused ecstasy I brought my head back up, and pushed aside all thoughts to focus as I felt myself begin to build and I felt a familiar sensation wash over me and as I opened my eyesI saw both Jaime and Sebastian there. It was then that I noticed...Jaime was recording.
My expression changed from a look of pure pleasure to horror as thick shots of cum sprang out of my cock and covered my body, even hitting the side of my face. Burst after burst shot from the tip of my cock, covering me in my own seed, and my knees nearly as the orgasm faded.
Once I recovered, I reflexively covered myself in vain and both Jaime and Sebastian shared a look between the two of them. Jaime stopped recording and said something to Sebastian I couldn't hear. When he was finished, Sebastian came forward, a new look in his eyes I couldn't quite make out.
"I...brought your clothes back," he said sheepishly.
He gazed at my cum-covered body and held out my bag with all my clothes inside.
I couldn't find words to express how I felt, which ranged from confused, angry, and satisfied, to humiliated, and embarrassed.
"Well...at least you did intend to come back...I need to get home," I said.
I grabbed the bag from him and turned to leave, but Sebastian grabbed my hand quickly but gently, and said:
"Wait, Thom please, I know I messed up but please, let me make it up to you, Toby's got this party at his house, and me and Jaime are both invited, come with us, we promise we won't tell anyone or make fun, okay?" he said.
"Promise me that that video stays between us and I'll go," I blurted out quicker than I intended.
Jaime just shrugged and said:
"Fine by me, I wanted it for myself anyway, meet you guys there," he said.
I blushed once more but quickly got to work, starting with wiping off the cum all over me with the remaining shreds of my tank top Seb had gathered. I got dressed in my change of clothes, which were a pair of shorts, a red shirt, and...a jockstrap which when Sebastian saw he merely raised an eyebrow as I pointed a warning finger at him not to say anything. As I finished getting dressed, I looked towards Seb and said:
"well...shall we go?" I said.
He looked at me with that cute puppy dog expression that made my heart melt and my anger fade just a bit.
"Indeed we shall," he said.
With that we were off, and as we walked I thought to myself that being exposed like this was the only thing that turned me on after all...I thought to myself as I briefly glanced at Seb and quickly looked away, blushing a deep red. None of that for now though, let's just try to forget this at the party...
Jaime's POV
After I walked away, I brought out my phone as I walked towards the party, and quickly sent Seb a copy of that video, after all "us" included him since he was there. I brought up Toby's chat and texted him:
Jai: Hey man, I got an entertainment idea for you if you're interested, it involves our old friend Thomas...
Toby: Oh haha, you mean that soccer kid we stripped naked? Hehe, sounds like fun to me, what'd you have in mind?
I grinned to myself, this is going to be great, and likely an experience that neither Seb nor dear Thomas won't soon forget, I thought to myself as I texted Toby the plan.
"It'll be a party to last a lifetime," I said.
End of Chapter One.
Authors Note:
I hope you all enjoy this series, it's already finished I just need to upload the chapters which I will do as time permits since I have other projects I'm working on. As always, let me know your thoughts!