I sipped my long island as I watched you rack the balls on the pool table, breaking easily, sinking a ball in. You sauntered around the table, glancing at me as you moved, letting me see your body move, knowing I enjoyed watching you show yourself off to me.
You lined up for a much more difficult shot than you needed to be making, but it forced you to stand directly in front of me while you had to bend over low, legs spreading wide to make the angle you needed for the shot. Your short dress danced at the edge of your ass and thighs, threatening to give me a glimpse of your beautiful backside, if only you stood just a little further bent over, or legs just a couple inches wider. You looked back before aiming, smirking, reading my mind, knowing I wanted to see your ass. You faced forward and took your shot, almost making it. You stood up and pouted as I got out of my chair and grabbed my stick and walked up to the table.
You rested a hand on my arm and said just loud enough for me to hear "be gentle on me now." I chuckled and gave you a light swat on your butt, making you giggle and sticking your tongue out at me as you took my seat.
I took my time, sinking a couple balls before finding myself in too difficult a situation, unable to make the shot I needed to keep going. Neither of us were exceptionally good, but we enjoyed playing together. We enjoyed the intimacy and competition, even if in a bit of a public place, but a little fooling around was pretty common in a place like this, so nobody ever minded.
I scratched, and you jumped up, eager to be playing again. You taunted me, saying "looks like I get to take your big white ball in my hand. Think I'll roll it around for a bit, enjoy the feel of it before I let it go." You smirked, making me smile.
"It's okay, I know you can't resist playing with balls!" I stuck my tongue out and quickly dashed back to the seat, your hand just missing my arm as you took a playful swing at me.
You aimed your shot, this time facing towards me slightly, giving me a tantalizing view of your cleavage. You made several shots easily, and I thought you'd run the table, but with a couple balls left you finally missed a shot.
I moved up to where you were leaning back on the table, sliding a hand around your midsection. "This is just what I need," I whisper, my mouth coming very close to yours. I stop just an inch from your lips, then pull away, my hand coming into view with the chalk, applying it to my cue stick. You finally connect with a slap to my arm as you move past me to sit down. You pout as I then run the table.
"First game is mine, lover. You know what that means." I smiled wide as you smirked, stood, and walked up to me. You gave me a quick peck on the cheek as you said "of course, sir." You grabbed the rack and set it on the table as I moved a few feet behind you. We'd chosen this table on purpose, as what you were to do next you were able to get away with, since I was the only one who could see as your hands reached behind yourself. You slipped your fingers underneath the dress, then shimmied as you pulled your panties down, just briefly exposing your pussy to me before your dress covered yourself back up. You then racked the balls, making sure to bend over much further than you needed to, legs spread wider than you needed to. Your dress crept up enough to expose the bottom swell of your firm ass to me before you finished. You turned to me and said "your break this time, sir."
I stood up, letting you watch me reposition my hardened cock inside my jeans, licking your lips as I showed you how much you had turned me on. I came up and pulled you to me and we kissed, tongues dancing together for a moment before we broke apart, but not before your hand slid down my pants, stroking a few times over my length.
I did my best to breath and focus after your little performance, and your kissing and fondling me after, but my shot was complete shit. I could hear you laughing as you came back up, whispering in my ear "not so hot when you are all flustered, sir? Let me show you how it's done."
I stepped back enjoying the view down your dress, breasts partially exposed as you bent low for your shot. You easily made several balls, then finally missed a long difficult bank shot, barely. You pouted while smiling as you walked to me and kissed me on my lips. "Time for you to put me in my place, sir." You winked as you walked around the pool table, towards our seat. You repositioned the chair just so as I lined up my first shot, I was able to watch you spread your legs, your little pussy visibly wet. I tried to slow my breathing, but you weren't done teasing yet. You slipped a finger along those wet folds, pulling your hand back up and tasting your own juices.
You smirked as I watched, knowing I loved watching you taste yourself. You were playing dirty as hell. I closed my eyes, but the vision of your wet finger in your mouth was burned onto my eyeballs. I tried to focus with every ounce I had, and just barely made my first shot in. You pouted for real this time, pissed that I hadn't missed.
You upped the teasing game. As I lined up my second shot, still looking directly at you, you draped one of your legs over one of the arms of the chair, exposing yourself more. Nobody was too close to really see, but you knew how to push my buttons, exposing yourself in public being a huge turn on for me. I have no idea how the second shot went in, as all I could do was watch you stroke her clit. I could feel my cock reharden back to it's full length after just having gotten it to soften just seconds before now. Making my second shot infuriated you, and you retaliated by putting your other leg over the other arm, no attempt to hide yourself from anyone if they were looking.
Thankfully my third shot was pathetically easy. You countered once again by starting to finger fuck yourself in front of me. I swear I could hear how wet you were from the several feet away we were from each other, even over the music and other pool game noises going on. My fourth shot wasn't even close to being in. You grinned, huge ear to ear shit eating grin, just super fucking pleased with yourself. You licked your fingers clean again, slowly lowering your legs off the chair, before standing up and smoothing out your dress. You calmly picked up your cue stick and ran the fucking table as I just stared at you.
"I'll rack em again, but you know what you gotta do, lover." I knew what you wanted, we decided on what each of us would get as we each won games. I nodded, licking my lips as I eased my way in between you and the pool table. I glanced around real quick, nobody even really in view of us still. I wasted no time then, squatting down in front of you, lifting your dress and pulling you to me as you widen your stance, my tongue finding your wet clit right away.
I could hear you slowly place each ball onto the table, an extremely languid pace between balls being set. A couple of times when I would rapidly flicking my tongue up and down over your tiny clit, I got you to buck against my face, your hips thrusting your body harder into my mouth. I slipped my hands under your dress, holding you and steadying you by your ass as my mouth went into overdrive on your pussy and clit. I could taste you all over my tongue, feel you dripping down my chin.
You tapped my head, your signal, you were close. I grabbed your ass hard as I swirled my tongue over your clit, through your lips. Right at your entrance was an extremely sensitive spot, which I attacked with my swirling tongue motion, setting you off, juices flooding my mouth. I switched into long flat tongue lashings all the way up through your labia to your clit and back down, rapidly moving my entire face up and down, letting my tongue elicit several gushes of fluid from you as you silently came against my mouth. After a moment you backed away, coughing to cover sounds you were about to make. I looked up at you, face soaked, and used my fingers to scoop up and swallow as much of you as I could get inside my mouth.
As I stood back up, you pulled me in close, running your tongue over my soaked face, tasting yourself. "Fuck, that's a talented mouth, sir. Give me just a moment to catch my breath." I smiled as I held you, kissing you every few seconds. Once you felt like you could move again, you pulled away from me. I stepped a couple feet behind you and watched your ass bounce a little as you tried to break. Balls flew, but nothing landed. You remained leaning against the table though. I quickly stepped next to you, and slid my fingers under your dress. I found your pussy dripping down your thighs, and you made no move as my index and middle fingers teased your entrance. I only got them a little slick, then eased them out of you as I helped you stand off from the table, feeding you your juices.
You watched, eyes smoldering at me as I made shot after shot. You knew what I wanted next, and when we were talking about this before we left, you told me you were nervous about it. You had been dazed off thinking about that, but my voice woke you up. "You ready to give me that little pussy next game whenever you are lining up for your shots?"
You bit your lip, pausing for several long seconds before you nodded shyly. I locked my eyes on you as I made my second to last shot. As the ball sunk in, I walked over to you and kissed you, whispering against your mouth "every time from here on out, after I make my last shot, every time you come up to the pool table, I can stick my hard, thick, big cock inside you. You agreed, didn't you?"
You nodded again, panting, chest heaving against me as I kissed you. We chose today, slowest day at our local pool hall, just for these games. I looked around, making sure nobody could see into our little semi secluded corner of the place. "Just one more ball to sink, then that wet tight pussy gets fucked whenever I want it, right here at this table. You ready to play pool while getting fucked, babe?"
"God yes!" You moaned into my mouth as you kissed me hard. You humped yourself against me, trying to increase what little friction was taking place with my leg between yours as we made out. Anyone could have walked by us and would have seen you thrusting your hips against me.
I dislodged myself from you, watching you breath heavily until I bumped into the pool table. I focused, an easy shot really, sinking the game winning shot with no problem. I watched you lick your lips as you came up to me, lifting your dress and slipping a finger through your visibly wet pussy, bringing it up to my mouth for me to suck on.
"Sir, I think you should pull that big cock out while you rack the balls again." I nodded as I quickly unzipped my jeans, fishing my cock out easily since I hadn't bothered with underwear. You stared at it for a second, then turned away from me and bent at the waist. You were just barely hidden from view of the rest of the pool hall. I watched you spread your legs wider, then you reached through your legs and grabbed my cock, stroking it as you lined it up with your wet little slit.
"I need it now, sir. Please give me a little. I'll do anything, just give me the tip please!" Your little whine was so fucking hot. I reached down to grab the pool balls, and each time I'd sink my cock into you, just a little, then back to the tip resting against your pussy as I racked em.
Over and over I teased not even half way into you, and as I placed the last ball, I pulled away from you. You whimpered as you stood back up, but smiled as you saw I hadn't put my cock away yet. "Would you be a good girl and break for me?" You nodded as you grabbed the cue stick. You lined up, then flipped your dress up and spread your legs wide again, lowering your chest almost to the table, arching your back and sticking your ass up further, with your heels making your leg muscles stand out. I watched you, took the sight of you in, then closed right up behind you.
You looked back to the table and slowly aimed, cue stick sliding through your hands, never taking your shot yet. I felt your pussy grip me as I eased into you, feeling your heat engulf me as I entered you once more. As soon as you could feel me pressed all the way against you, then you took your shot, surprising both of us as you sunk one of the balls.
I slipped out of you as you had to move around the table for your next shot. Right as I was about to move in behind you, one of the waitresses came to check on us. I quickly crammed against the table, not having time to tuck my cock back into my pants. You knew the predicament I was in, and decided to torment me by talking to the waitress about the menu at length. My cock would not die down at all, staying fully hard as my mind reminded me of what was happening.
Cock out, hard. You with nothing on under that dress. Your juices drying on my shaft. Your eyes darting back to me, smirking. This situation was almost too much for me, but I kept my cool. Our waitress knew something was up, giving us smiling looks. She left, and I closed behind you quickly.
"Bad girl, keeping her here longer than was necessary." You smiled and nodded, quickly taking your shot and sinking another ball. This time the cue ball landed back on the other side of the table. We both went around there together, my hand on your ass. We could both see out to the rest of the pool hall, nobody in sight. I wasted no time, pulling your dress up as you bent over the table. I slid my cock back into, not letting you aim your shot at all.
I pulled you back against me as I thrust my hard swollen cock into you. You moaned, loud enough that if anyone had been within twenty feet or so they would have heard you. I drove myself into your depths repeatedly, shaking your body hard each time I slammed my hips forwards, pulling yours back to me.
You looked back to me, showing a little bit of nervousness. You weren't expecting this, but my lust was taking over. "Take your shot woman" I hissed, not relenting. You nodded, looking back to the table. You didn't shoot yet or even aim as I took you, craving your body from within with my thick hard cock, feeling your walls stretch and recede over and over, your juices slowly seeping out of you and down both our legs. I watched as your cue stick shot out, slamming the eight ball into a pocket. You lost on purpose.
I knew what you were telling me right away. You wanted me to get my final prize. I didn't think you would do it, but that move proved to both of us that you did.
I pulled out of you, zipping my pants back as we both damn near ran to the bathrooms. We didn't even bother checking the men's room to see if anyone was in there, we just pushed right in and went to the first stall. We lucked out, nobody in there at all.
We closed the door and you slipped off your dress as I pulled my pants down, exposing myself to your naked body. You turned around and spread your legs as wide as you could, presenting your pussy and asshole to me. I wasted no time sheathing myself back within you.
I fucked you, hard, fast. You squeezed me as tight as ever. We had one goal, and you seemed to want it as much as I did. That thought, you needing this too, started pushing me over the edge. I moaned, whispering my impending orgasm. You spun off me, bending down as you jacked me off, fast, opening your mouth as you tilted your head up to me.
You were really going to do it, and I couldn't have come harder knowing that.
Ropes criss crossed over your face, a little in your hair. Small lines of my come danced over your forehead, nose, cheeks, and down off your chin in several places.
Once I seemed to stop, you sucked me hard, deep, making sure not a single ounce remained within me. Then you calmly put your dress back on and we left after I zipped myself up.
Once outside you went back to our table and found your purse, then came back to me. Our waitress was just then coming to us. I quickly fished out a couple twenties, easily covering our expenses for the evening, including a generous tip, and handed the money to you.
I watched as you stepped towards her, her mouth opening as she came close enough to see your face. I came up to you, my arm slipping around your waist as I said "that should cover us. We're done for the night."
We walked out, our waitress being the only one to actually notice my come all over you. But knowing someone else knew, that you did it and didn't hide it, kept me from softening. Once we were in the car, you unzipped me and said, "now take us home and fuck me until I can't move anymore!"