In Chapter 5, Nancy freaks out when Billie Jean enters intensive care while she is a nurse stationed there. She later dates Mike and they finally hook up. It's now two weeks later.
NB: Most of the other chapters of this story so far were published in the Exhibitionist and Voyeur category, except for one which was published in Group Sex.
*****************
The next day, even though it was Sunday, I reported for work. I worked at one of the nice hospitals on the East Side of Manhattan. It was a long subway ride and to save time I wore my nursing outfit under my light coat.
Luckily it was a busy day. I was kept running around and had no time to think about Mike, Al, Billie Jean and the restaurant. I began to suspect some force of nature that constantly shoved Billie Jean into my life.
It was two weeks later, and I had not heard from Mike. It was fun while it lasted, although it was certainly bizarre at Al's palace on Park Avenue. But now I guess it was over. Two weeks and not even a telephone call? Yes, it was over.
I would probably never see him again. It made me sad; I guess I had fallen for him. Hard. Well, too bad, I thought. I was working intensive care. There was no time for idle ruminations; I had to pay attention.
My second one night stand with Diego had shown to me that I had major vulnerabilities. Both Diego and Mike were able to use my submissive nature to their advantage. As I now knew, they were also ruthless about it. As I recalled what both of them had "made" me do, I shivered. I also got a little wet. I am one messed up girl, I thought to myself.
I had asked Diego why he had stalked me to track down my apartment in Brooklyn with the help of an NSA friend. Surely he could use his flattery skills to lay lots of pretty girls down in Washington, DC, where he lives and works. Why come to NY to try again with me?
His answer surprised me. Instead of telling me I was the prettiest girl in the world, or the best in bed, or that I had stolen his heart, he told the truth: "No woman I have ever met is a submissive like you are. I can control you completely. You even had sex with a stranger because I ordered you to do so. I've never had such control over a woman. And look what you did for me today! Your submissive nature, and your penchant for exhibitionism, makes you the woman of my dreams. You're the woman of my wet dreams," he said.
After that, he had me pose nude, with a cucumber half inside me. He asked for a big smile, and that's what he got.
***********
Thinking about my times with Diego, and my lost potential lover Mike, and the disappearance of my new friend Billie Jean only to see her unconscious and in intensive care, put me in a reflective mood, and I began to think about my times back home in Indiana.
I remembered my Mom. She fell ill with breast cancer at an early age. My parents were too poor to afford healthcare, and it was before Obamacare or much of anything else in Southern Indiana.
If you were poor back then, and you got cancer, you died. People there were on their own. My mother postponed going to a doctor. I don't know why; maybe she was scared what she would learn, or maybe it was the expense she was afraid of. Probably it was some of both. By the time my mother went to a doctor it was too late. She died a horrible death and my brother and I gave her palliative care. I was only 16 then.
When I was 18, I came home from school one day and found my father crying. He was a strong, proud man. He never cried. It was my mother's birthday, and as I sat with him, I realized he was crying because he missed her so much. She had now been gone for two years. I sat next to him, to comfort him.
A few hours later it became clear what kind of comfort my father really needed. It had been a long time for a grown, virile man. Our neighbors down the road a piece had had marital troubles, and the wife, Mary Ann, often flirted with my Dad when her husband was in the fields. My father had hopes, but Mary Ann was all flirt, no action. As they say in Texas I'm told, she was all hat, and no cattle. Besides, she was married, and my Dad is not an adulterer.
I knew all that, of course. I was only 18, but I was not blind. My father was looking at me strangely. I knew that look; I got it from boys all the time. It was because of my near perfect figure, my slightly large boobs, and -- again, modesty aside -- because I was the prettiest girl in the county.
"You look just like your mother when she was your age," my Dad observed.
"That's when you knocked her up and she got pregnant with me, I guess," I said.
"Maybe," my Dad cryptically said.
"Maybe? I would say definitely," I said. "I'm here, right? You didn't just pluck me from a corn stalk, you know. That's how children come to be, Dad. You have sex, and nine months later..."
"Your Mom was the prettiest girl in the county, just as you are now, I'll bet," my Dad said. I realized he was drunk. "She could have any boy she wanted, and she..."
"What are you trying to say, Dad?" I asked when he stopped, although I had a sinking feeling I already knew. My Dad remained silent. "Are you saying she could have any boy she wanted, and in fact she did?" He nodded.
"How many?"
"I don't know, exactly," he said. "I once narrowed it down, though. Given the time she probably got pregnant, and narrowing it down to the most likely week, I'd say there are only around ten men who could be your biological father. I'm one of them, of course. And I'm the one she loved and married," he said exhibiting pride at having landed my mother, probably the biggest slut the county had ever known.
"Ten men, in one week?" I weakly asked.
"Yeah; and that includes me. So it was only nine, if you exclude me. And of course, six of them were at the Red Barn gangbang," my Dad explained.
I screamed. The Red Barn gangbang was legendary in our parts. Every teenage boy (and hence every teenage girl) still talked about it, and how at some time, long ago, there was a gorgeous slut who took on all comers at the Red Barn Bar one night. Or at least that's the legend. Many a boy I knew had undoubtedly whacked off thinking of that legend.
I realized my father was teasing me. "You're not serious, are you?" I said.
"No," he said. "The Red Barn slut had to move away. Could you imagine doing something like that, and then continuing to live in these parts? It would be hell on earth."
"You mean there really was a Red Barn gangbang? It's not just a stupid legend??" I was incredulous.
"Yep. And Betty Lou was one fine piece of ass. I hear she moved to Chicago shortly after," my Dad said.
"And my Mom?" I asked.
"Your Mom and I watched the whole thing. Everyone did. Then each young woman picked a man and led him away. Your Mom chose me. The prettiest, sexiest girl in the county chose me. She took me in back of the barn, out in the corn fields. She found a clearing. She said, "Frank, I want you," and she took off all her clothes. She stood there naked, in front of me, caressing her own boobs. God, she was gorgeous. I will never forget the sight of your mother naked in front of me for the first time that day. That's probably when I knocked her up with you. Best thing I ever did," he said, and he looked at me with deep love in his eyes.
"Oh, Dad!" I said, and I made a mistake: I kissed him on his lips for the first time in my life. He was traveling back in time, remembering the night of the Red Barn gangbang when he made love with my Mom for the very first time, and here I was kissing him, looking exactly as my Mom did back then.
"You kiss just like your Mom did. Kiss me again," my Dad said. I know I look like my Mom did when she was my age. Lots of my parents' friends have commented on how I am her spitting image. I know too that I sound like my Mom. I did not know until that very moment that I kissed like her, too.
We kissed again. It was hot, and I was wearing a halter top with no bra, together with short shorts. My father was smooth; I did not even feel him untie my halter top. "You have the same tits as your Mom, too," my Dad said, and he began to cry again.
I could not stand to see him cry, and not knowing what to do, I kissed him again. His hands went over my boobs, and I got aroused. I had already done the deed with two boys, so while my knowledge of sex was limited, I was not a complete innocent. I knew damn well we should not be doing this. My father knew too, no doubt. He at least was drunk. My only excuse was the stupidity of youth.
"I want you to become a doctor," he told me. "I want you to help people, to help sick people." I knew he was saying that as he remembered my mother, and her horrific cancer. He looked at me. I'm sure he did not see me, but rather he saw my mother 19 years earlier. He said, "Come with me," and he took my hand, and he led me, topless, out of the house and into the corn fields.
It was early August, and the corn stalks were as high as I was tall. There was a small clearing in the middle of the field. "The place where your mother gave herself to me was just like this," he said. "Same time of year. Maybe the corn was a little taller. Maybe not."
"What did she do?" I said, as I stood there in just my short shorts, half naked in front of my father.
"She kissed me. She undressed, completely. She kissed me again, and then she put my hands on her boobs. Nature took its course after that," my Dad said.
Wow, I thought. My mother was an aggressive little 18-year-old wench. She made a serious play for my Dad. It worked, too. They had a wonderful marriage, until the cancer stole it away from them.
My Dad took me into his arms and kissed me. He was time traveling in his mind back to that time, I felt sure. In his eyes, I was his wife, my Mom, 19 years earlier. When the kiss ended, I still don't know why, but I let my father remove my shorts and panties. It was just like my mother had done, 19 years earlier. I did not speak the words of my Mom that fateful day, "Frank, I want you," but I did not have to. My Dad put his hands on my boobs, again, just as he had done with my Mom. Then we kissed again. And then nature took its course.
Nature's course in this case was my Dad gently pushing me down to the ground and putting me on my hands and knees. He entered me from behind. Just like that; no foreplay, no nothing. We were acting out the first fuck of my Mom and Dad. I was living out history.
I was 19, but my Dad was not. He had this big, even massive, seasoned cock, unlike the tentative, much too eager teenage cocks I had known. It filled me up. This was also my first-time rear entry.
On a farm, it seems a natural enough position. It's what the animals do. Usually however, their copulations do not last as long as the one with my Dad did. My Dad has real staying power.
The sensations in my brain were amazing. Somehow, I felt I was born to do this. It was destiny. I don't try to deny destiny. I felt completely alive. I felt as if I actually were my mother just then, seducing the man I wanted most in the entire county. I could have anyone, but I wanted this man.
And like thousands of years of farmers before us, we were doing it in the fields. It felt right in the fields, surrounded by the corn, the corn I had grown up with and had known intimately all my life. We were creating life within the life sustaining force of the best food on earth.
Of course, I was not my mother. I was not creating life since I was on birth control. I was not doing it with the man I wanted most in the county; I was doing it with my own father. I was not my mother, I was me. But dammit, I truly felt as if I had been channeling my mother just then. Her departed soul had entered my body, and she and my father were making love one last time. I was just a vehicle to transmit their eternal love.
I guess I was a pretty good vehicle. I could not believe how good my father's cock felt inside me. I was born to do this! It was so different from the nervous, awkward times with the teenage boys. This time I was aware of every single thrust. I treasured each one, and I pushed back hard to get my father inside me as deeply as possible.
He began to increase the speed, and I matched his tempo, thrust for thrust. I suddenly realized we were out in the fields, and nobody could hear us, and let myself go. I moaned up a storm. My moans actually helped, and it brought me closer and closer.
My body felt strange, sort of tingly, and I cold feel pressure building down there, until suddenly, well, I cannot describe it, but the release was sudden, almost a surprise, and it was intense. It was my first orgasm while fucking, and it overwhelmed the small ones my fingers had given me previously.
I know I was babbling incoherently, but I was no longer in control. Like so many farmers' daughters before me, I was a mess of emotions, hormones, and -- especially -- endorphins.
We never did it again, my father and I. We never had regrets, either. From then on, when we kissed, it was always on the mouth. My father would often feel me up while we kissed, and I would giggle, remembering this time. But that's as far as it ever went again.
Not because of me. I was willing. Any time he wanted me, he could have had me. But he did not want to have an ongoing affair with his little girl; he just wanted the impossible: to make love with his dear, departed wife. For one glorious moment, I had been his wife. I had become my mother, not just in his eyes, but also in mine. That magical time was gone, but the beautiful memory of it remains. It was our secret, and it still is.
There is a coda to the recollection I just recounted, and it is a rather big one. I had moaned up a storm as my father made love to me. A neighbor boy, Jeremiah, heard my moans and snuck up on us. We were unaware. When we were done, my father went back to the house, but I lay there, on my back, naked. I am often immobilized after a good fuck, and this one had been very good.
Jeremiah watched me lying there, hidden in the corn fields. I was full of my Dad's cum. He revealed himself, walking out of the corn stalks, and I screamed. He shushed me, telling me not to be scared. Jeremiah was a few years older than I was, but I suspect I was already more sexually experienced than he was.
"You're the most beautiful girl in the county, Nancy," he said. "I am so lucky to see you naked. God, you are gorgeous. Would it be okay if I kissed you?"
I laughed silently to myself. Here Jeremiah comes across a girl who is naked and who just fucked her father and is completely vulnerable; and he is asking if he can kiss me? What a sweetheart this man is! I said, "Sure, if that's all you want. Go for it, Jeremiah. Let's see how you kiss."
He said, "I'm not that good at kissing, Nancy. I'm not much good with girls. Not for lack of desire; I'm just shy, you know?"
I sat up. He sat down next to me. I was naked and just fucked, and he was shy and fully clothed. It was all he could do to ask permission to kiss. He was too shy actually to kiss me. I kissed him. I kissed him gently on the lips. He tasted sweet.
"Let's kiss again," I said, "and this time open your mouth." Jeremiah learned how to kiss a girl that day in early August. Next I said, "Now that you kiss great, let's teach you how to play with my boobs, okay?"
"Really?" he said. "You'll let me do that?"
I did not answer verbally, but I took his right hand and placed it on my boobs. His hand just sat there, resting on my left boob, not moving at all. I moved his hand around and told him to play with my nipple. He quickly learned the art of playing with a girl's boobs. "It does not matter much what you do with a girl's boobs, as long as you enjoy them," I said.
When he was done, I began to get up. Jeremiah said, "Nancy, could you teach me a little more?"
"What do you have in mind?" I asked.
"All my friends talk about how great it is to fuck a girl, and I pretend I know, too, but I really don't. And you're so pretty and all, and super nice, and also naked," he said. I looked at his crotch and it was obvious he was hard.
"You're asking to fuck me? So you can learn how it feels?" I asked, a bit incredulously.
"Yes, and if you are willing, I can give you $57. That's all I have," Jeremiah said.
"Oh, Jeremiah, you can't offer money to a girl for sex. If she were to say yes, it would turn her into a prostitute," he looked perplexed. "A whore, Jeremiah. I would be a whore if I accepted money for sex." I had no idea how dumb Jeremiah actually was. Let's just say he was not the sharpest tool in the shed.
"How about if I tell you secrets about your mother, then? Could we do it if I told you secrets?" he asked. Jeremiah was desperate. It was both sweet, touching, and gross, all at the same time.
"If the 'secrets' are true, and good enough, we could do some things," I said. I was anxious to learn more about my Mom's secret life, if indeed there was one. I knew Jeremiah was too slow to make up good secrets on the spot, so if he told me any, it was likely they'd be true.
"My Dad told me," Jeremiah began. "He was drunk one night, and he spilled the beans." I actually thought Jeremiah was using a metaphor. Silly me. He added, "As I helped him clean up the beans, he told me the story about swapping."
"Swapping?" I asked, a bit incredulously.
"Yeah. I didn't know what it meant, either. As you know, there are six farms near yours. Ours is one. Each Tuesday night the men would go to a different farm, and they would spend the night. My Dad said all the men liked your farm the best. He never explained why, though. But he did say it was because of your Mom. She was the best, he said. The absolute best!"
Jeremiah paused, and then said, as if it were an insight, "My guess is she baked some mighty fine cakes and pies. My Dad always had a weakness for good desserts." He then whispered, conspiratorially, "My own Mom is not so good when it comes to baking, you know? She does make great jam, though."
"I'd like to taste her jam sometime," I said, in a slight state of shock to learn this interesting detail about my parents, and my neighbor's parents.
"You know, I was eating it in bed this morning and spilled little. But it's in a private place. Want to see? I mean you're naked and all, so..."
"Sure," I said.
Jeremiah undressed. He showed me the jam. It covered his penis, which was erect and looked to be as hard as a rock. "I was going to wash it off, but I forgot."
"Well, let's see how it tastes," I said. I leaned over and took his jam covered cock in my mouth and licked off the jam. It really was good jam. It was cherry, no doubt about it. I laughed to myself as I thought about the obvious pun. Then I gave Jeremiah his first ever blowjob. He was extremely grateful, but he actually thought we had had sex, because he ejaculated into my mouth. He was ecstatic, and in awe of the pleasure I had given him.
I explained that I had performed a sex act, but real sex was when he put his cock inside my vagina. He didn't understand. I used the word pussy. Still no bells. I tried cunt. "That's what all my friends talk about!" he said, now very excited. "Can we do that, too?"
"Your story already got you a blowjob. What else do you have for me?" I said, not without tenderness.
"I've got pictures," he said.
"Pictures? What of, exactly?"
"Of your Mom, silly! I mean when she was your age. Actually, they look like you do, right now," he said.
"Do you mean my Mom is naked in the pictures? And your father took them?" I asked, now truly interested.
"My Dad is naked, too, and he is lying on her. There's also a picture where your Mom is lying on my Dad. Her boobs look like just like yours do now," Jeremiah said. "My Dad has a secret stash of pictures like that, with all the women of the six farms, but I found it." Jeremiah's pride was obvious.
"Can you show it to me?" I asked.
"Can you teach me what to do with your cunt?" he said.
"Deal," I said. "Show me the pictures first."
"They're at my house." We both got dressed. It was almost an hour's walk there (the farms are not exactly close), but we got there. Jeremiah's parents were not home, a lucky break. He made me close my eyes, and he retrieved the photos from his Dad's hiding place. I peeked, so I know where they are kept. But I was not planning any future burglaries, so it did not really matter.
The pictures were explicit. Jeremiah's Dad must have set the camera on remote control, because he had pictures of his cock inside, partially inside, and about to enter my Mom. (He had similar pictures for the other wives, too, but I was interested in my Mom, naturally enough.) It was freaky: I felt as though I was looking at myself, in flagrante delicto. I was a dead ringer for my Mom when she was my age.
"Can I now lie on you like that?" Jeremiah asked. I had no idea Jeremiah was not only stupid, but profoundly ignorant. Still, he was clever enough to manipulate me into having sex with him. We undressed, I lay down and spread my legs, he climbed on top, and I actually taught him how to fuck me. He was an enthusiastic student, shall we say. We fucked three times, before we heard his father's truck.
Jeremiah would not let me up. "I want him to see us like this," he said.
"No, you don't! Let me up!" I screamed. He finally relented, and I finally was able to stand up, dripping small amounts of his cum, when his father burst into the room, saying "What's going on, here?"
Jeremiah said nothing, even though he and I were both naked and it was obvious we had just had sex. "Aren't you Nancy, Sarah's daughter?"
I said, "Yes. Jeremiah tells me you had an affair with my Mom."
"Jesus, Nancy, you look exactly like her! Your Mom was the best lay in the world. I get hard whenever I think about her. She was amazing. Totally amazing," he said as he looked at me. He was giving me the look men give women when they lust for them. You know the look, I'm sure.
"Well, I have to be going," I said, now very nervous, as I pulled on my panties and reached for my bra.
"How does she fuck, son?" Jeremiah's Dad said, whose name was Samuel.
Jeremiah just looked at his Dad, and looked at me. "He seemed to enjoy it," I said. "He did me three times, just now." I figured the game was up, why not come clean?
"Got you warmed up, did he? Sorry, Nancy, but I have to see how you compare to your Mom. You understand, don't you?" Samuel said.
"No, not really," I said, now totally freaked out. "I really have to go." Samuel was between me and the door. I began to feel panicky.
"Offer her something, Dad. That's why she did it with me," Jeremiah said, trying to help, and making things worse; much worse. "But not money. She does not like money."
"Like mother, like daughter," Samuel said, and his smile became malevolent. At least so it seemed to me.
"Offer to tell her a secret, Dad. Then you can fuck her, just like I did. Three times!" Jeremiah said, once again trying to help, but in fact he was of course digging my grave. He added, thoughtfully, she sounds just like her Mom did when she visited you a few years ago, too."
"You mean the sounds I made while we were, uh, doing it?" I asked. "My moans??"
"Yes!" Jeremiah said. "That's what they were, Moans! Just like the moans of your Mom. Exactly."
I turned to Samuel. "You fucked my Mom only a few years ago? Not just long ago when she was 18 or 19?" I was now in a state of shock, somewhat tempered by outrage.
"Nancy, try to understand. Nobody in the county could resist your Mom. She was a treasure. We all loved her, and we all expressed our love for her in the time honored way," Samuel said.
"So, my Mom was a slut right up to the end??" I was truly indignant and incredulous at this point.
"That's a horrible way to put it, my dear. Your Mom was full of love, a generous person, and she chose to express her love sexually. There was nothing tawdry about it. I do miss her so," Samuel replied, and then he gave me 'the look' once again,
"Jeremiah says I should offer you something. It's a good idea. How about I tell you a secret that will blow your mind, Nancy? If I do, will you fuck me like your mother did? God, she was good," Samuel said. "Jeremiah, leave us alone for a while. Go tend to your chickens, okay?"
"Sure, Dad," he said, and he left.
"Jeremiah is a little slow," his father said. No shit, Sherlock, I thought. He was as dumb as a pile of rocks.
"How about it, though, Nancy? I'll tell you a mind-blowing secret about your mother if you'll agree to let me see if you fuck like her, okay?"
"No," I said. "My mind is already blown. It's been blown to bits. And I'm sure I don't fuck like my mother. I know I look like her, everyone says so, and perhaps I sound like her too, and maybe I moan like her when I'm having sex, but I don't fuck like her, and I don't do things like that," I said, as I tried to push past him but failed.
"Well, I'm not so sure. Jeremiah said you did the deed with him, and he never lies. And how do you know if you fuck like her or not? Has anyone ever done both of you before?" Samuel asked.
I was not about to tell him I had just fucked my father, before Jeremiah, so I just said, "It's too improbable. And anyway, it's not interesting. Now please, let me go!"
Again, Samuel blocked my escape. "Compromise, then," he said. "I got a glimpse of you naked. Undress and let me have a good, long look at you. It will bring back your wonderful mother for me. Then I'll tell you part of the secret."
"Only part?" I asked. I did not mind stripping for him; I had already discovered I enjoyed showing off my body.
"You'll get the whole story if we fuck. I promise. I don't lie, either."
I undressed. I think Samuel was genuinely surprised that I even did that. He admired my body, giving it high praise, even very high praise. He kept muttering "remarkable," over and over again. I guess I even looked identical to my Mom when we were both naked.
He touched my boobs, and I shivered. God, it felt good. I pulled away from him. I think my Mom entered me again, just then.
Samuel told me the first part of the story. He told me of the wife swapping, which I had already learned from Jeremiah, and I had already even seen pictures of it. But he did not know that, and besides, he told me details: He told me how they had made charts, and which house each man was to go to on a given Tuesday. He told me how the women greeted him when he came. Some women were romantic, wearing sexy clothes and using scented candles.
Other women were shy, and he needed to coax them into bed, even though they both knew they were going to do it. A third kind of woman was in between; he had to seduce her, but she was easy as long as he made an effort. And then there was my Mom.
With my Mom, each time was different. One time he had to tie her up, spread eagle on the bed, and pretend he was raping her. Another time they did it in the stable, when one of the horses was in heat and the stallion was going crazy with desire. A third time they did it outside, but not just outside, on the roof! The last time he had to drive my Mom to a bar in the country: The Red Barn Bar itself.
"Did you know she was an exhibitionist?" he asked. I shook my head no. "You are, too; I can tell. You got naked for me much too easily." I looked at my feet and blushed. He was right, of course. "When we went into town she took me to the Red Barn Bar. Do you want to hear what happened there?" I nodded my head vigorously.
"Yeah, it's the best part. You sure you want to know?" He was teasing me, now.
"Yes!" I said, "I want to hear! Tell me!"
"You want to hear enough to complete the deal?" the bastard said.
"You want me to fuck the father of the son I just fucked? That's way too strange! I can't do it. I'm sorry, but I just can't," I said.
"I'll sweeten the deal," Samuel said.
"How could you possibly do that?" I asked, beginning to fear the answer.
"I'll give you a copy of the movie," Samuel said.
This floored me. I truly was not expecting this. "Uh, ..uh, ...the movie?" I managed to stutter out of my mouth.
"Yes. You can see the dance your sweet Mom did for me. I could never imagine a sexier of more provocative dance," Samuel said,
I thought, what the fuck: I had already seduced my father today, taught Jeremiah how to fuck, deflowered him, and fucked him three times. Today is going down in the annals of crazy. What's one more time with his father? I lay down on the bed, played with my boobs and spread my legs. "Let me know how I compare with my Mom," I said.
Samuel ripped off his clothes. His dick was remarkably similar to my father's. Maybe just all old men's dicks look the same? Probably not. He climbed on top of me and slipped it into me effortlessly. I was suddenly no longer grossed out, but overcome with passion. It was surreal.
Just as I had channeled the departed soul of my mother when I fucked my father, I felt her presence back inside me as Samuel's cock entered me. I was no longer myself; I was my Mom, back when she was my age. I could not get enough of his cock. I rose up to meet his every thrust, and I fucked him like a woman possessed. I wrapped my legs around him and I clawed at his back.
I was exceptionally noisy, screaming "Oh my God!" and, "Yes, Yes!" At one point I cried out, when my orgasm was building, "Oh, sweet Mary, mother of Jesus!" I swear I had never before uttered that phrase in my life, let alone in the throes of sexual passion. Indeed, truth be told, this was the first time I ever had experienced true sexual passion. It was overwhelming.
I pushed him off. "Take me from behind. Fuck me like an animal!" I cried. Samuel complied. I felt like the horse in heat Samuel had told me about. God, did I need to be fucked like this. Samuel awoke a fiery passion in me I never knew was there. But boy, was it there!
The fuck with my father had been a sweet, gentle, and loving fuck. The ones with Jeremiah had been with a student. This one was in a class by itself.
I hid my face in the pillow, thrusting my hips high in the air to give Samuel the angle where he could reach maximal penetration. I kept saying, "Yes, yes, oh my God, YES!" I came twice during that memorable fuck, and Samuel added his load to those of his son and of my father.
As Samuel and I both collapsed and lay on the bed together, Samuel said, "Freaky, freaky. I don't believe it."
"What do you mean?" I asked him, as I kissed his chest.
"That was an exact replica of my first fuck with your mother. She'd even cried out, during the fuck, the exact same phrase as you did, and at the same time in the fuck, too. She even told me to take her like an animal, just as you did. The same words. Freaky, freaky."
"What phrase did she cry out?" I asked.
"Oh, sweet Mary, mother of Jesus," he said. Now I was freaked. He fondled my boobs lovingly as we lay there.
I got dressed, and so did he. "The rest of the story, Samuel? You promised you would if we fucked, and well, I guess that's exactly what we just did."
"That was the best fuck of my life, Nancy, except for your Mom, and you were the equal of her. You are something else. Good genes, I guess."
"I guess," I said. "The story?"
"Yeah. You deserve it." Samuel told me the story. My Mom had him drive to the Red Barn Bar. It is a country bar; a farmers' bar. The bar was fairly empty, since it was a weekday evening. They got drunk, and she had sex with him on the top of the bar, stark naked, in front of the other customers. Four men watched them fuck, and my mother loved it.
When Samuel had finished with my Mom, the men picked her up from the bar and put her on the floor, on her back. The alpha male of the group of them undressed quickly, and he fucked my Mom, too. My Mom, who had a lovely soprano singing voice, burst into song as he fucked her.
She gave him a great fuck too, and the next guy put her on all fours and he gave her the animal fuck we both like (Mom and me). The bartender said, "someone shut that wench up," as my Mom was again singing at the top of her lungs. So another man offered her his cock while she was being fucked and she blew him at the same time. That shut her up and solidified her reputation as a flaming slut all right. Only one man and the bartender did not get their rocks off with my Mom that night.
I was stunned. "That was the first Red Barn gangbang," Samuel said. "But we all agreed to keep it quiet, since your Mom was barely 19 and she looked much younger, except for her great boobs. I told the other men she was underage, so that they would not talk about it."
"Rumors leaked though, and a girl named Betty Lou decided to outdo my Mom. She did, too, and she became legendary. Your Dad enjoyed her charms, and I did, too. We all did. She was a fine piece of ass, that girl. It became such a scandal she had to leave town; she moved to Chicago, I'm told."
"Some of my friends went to Chicago to look her up, and she showed them a good time up there, too. Quite a lass, she was." He was enjoying the memory of fucking my Mom, and fucking Betty Lou, and soon he would be remembering fucking me, I was sure. It's the way the world works.
"I saved your Mom the fate of Betty Lou with my lie. And after Betty Lou, everyone forgot the alleged rumors about your Mom. We had all seen Betty Lou in action. It was during the great night of sex, when every single woman chose a man and fucked him in the fields," Samuel continued.
"That was the night your father won your Mom, off in the northwest corn fields near the Red Barn bar. She went after him and she got him. I won Jeremiah's Mom that night. She was almost as hot as your Mom. That's why I organized the wife swapping; I could not get enough of your Mom. Mind you, my wife, Jeremiah's Mom, is one mighty fine piece of ass, too. I enjoy her every day, still." Samuel had finished his story.
"You mean all this fucking with my Mom took place before the night she won my Dad?" I asked, genuinely surprised. "Even her gangbang?"
"That's right. She was no virgin when she met your Dad. She knew her way around a man. Boy, did she. He was putty in her hands. She could have had anyone, just as you can now. She wanted your Dad. She never regretted her choice, and together they gave the world your brother, and best of all, you," he said, licking his lips, and clearly wanting another round in the hay with me.
"Now I must really be off. I had fun, Samuel. But this was one time, both with Jeremiah and with you. Please don't get any ideas. I like men my own age, you know?" I hoped he would leave me alone from now on. I had my fingers crossed. Really, I did.
"No need to explain. I'd be most grateful if you kept this from my wife. She gets jealous, you know, and she's good with a knife." Those were Samuel's parting words with me. I never told a soul. I stayed far away from his wife, too.
I found Jeremiah outside with the chickens, and we kissed goodbye. He gave me a good, long kiss. The man was getting better with every kiss. "Wow, Jeremiah. I think you're ready to seduce some lucky girl. Let me know how it goes, okay? Michelle over at the Parkinson Farm might welcome some attention from you," I said. I knew Michelle desperately wanted a boyfriend, and she was willing to fuck to get one.
The very next week I got two thank you cards. One was really sweet and from Michelle, thanking me for sending Jeremiah her way. Apparently, Jeremiah had told her something; I hoped he had not told her how I taught him how to fuck! Maybe he had just told her what I told him to say; that we were friends, since our farms were neighbors, and I had told him how nice I thought Michelle was.
The other was a more primitive card from Jeremiah, and inside it was a picture of Michelle and Jeremiah fucking. Like father, like son, I thought. He wrote, "Thank you, Nancy. I'll never forget you. If I can ever help you, let me know. I'm here for you." I knew he meant it, too. I smiled. I decided right then to become a nurse.
The next day a third card arrived. It was from Jeremiah's Dad, Samuel. It had two pictures in it. One was of Samuel fucking my Mom; he did not know Jeremiah had already shown it to me. The other was of the two of us fucking. Jesus, I thought.
I was unaware he had even taken a picture! He wrote, "I'll never forget you my lovely Nancy. You brought true joy and renewed memories to a tired old farmer." I quickly hid the pictures, lest my father or my brother find them.
All this reminiscing was distracting me from my nursing duties. I shut it out of my mind, but I had one parting thought: I suspect it was an attempt to regain that magic with my Dad that led me to seduce my brother. But that's another story, and I'll recount it later. I decided to look at those pictures again when I got home, after my shift.
My father's words, "I want you to become a doctor. I want you to help people, to help sick people," is why I had decided to become a nurse. Maybe later I could try to become a doctor. But right now, I wanted to be the best nurse I could be. I wanted to carry out the wishes of my Dad, and I wanted to make the world a better place, one tiny bit of it at a time.
All these thoughts and memories of my incest with my Dad, and his wishes for me, flitted through my brain in micro seconds. I was in intensive care, and I had little time to myself for such thoughts. Nevertheless, my thoughts segued into my first bout with lesbian sex, with Billie Jean, since my brain apparently was on a sexual memory track.
It was then, that I had been thinking of Billie Jean, when she had been wheeled into intensive care.