In my line of work, you're used to unusual requests, and you're very much conscious of the need for discretion. Still, my time working for His Lordship and Her Ladyship, who I won't name for obvious reasons, still rates as one of the strangest... I guess, relationships, I've ever had with any clients.
For one, my contract stipulated, quite clearly, that I was never to make any advances to His Lordship. I presumed that was a clause inserted by Her Ladyship to "stay away from my husband"; which seemed odd, since I was being payed to provide escort services to them both together.
I had been meeting them for some months and the question of sex, of any kind, had never even been hinted at. With most clients, the question of "how much for..." which trailed off in embarrassment, was usually broached on the first meeting, or the second at the latest. Of course, if I was always free to refuse, depending on whether I wanted to keep that client or not.
But with this strange aristocratic couple, our meetings consisted entirely of dinners, parties, nights at the theatre or the opera, and no physical contact whatsoever. I presumed that I was being hired because I was young, pretty, and could hold my own in sophisticated conversation. My parents had both come from good backgrounds, but inherited wealth could only trickle down so far, and by the time it had reached my generation the well had run dry.
It was unspoken, but the feeling grew on me that my role, the reason I was being hired, was to start the engine, as it were, and that the couple would continue what I'd started once I was gone for the day. Certainly, in the way that they both looked at me, I could see the lust in their eyes, and the passion rose within them over the course of the days or evenings that we were together. I hoped they put it to good use once I was out of the way; I felt as if I was doing them a good service, and I was being paid well for it.
Today's appointment was much like many of the others. I was to arrive at their country house around eleven in the morning and we would take a walk out into the estate for a picnic. It was a beautiful summer's day and a picnic was a perfect way to spend it. If I wasn't working, I might have gotten some friends together and done the same thing. Today was one of those days when I really loved my work.
His Lordship had long since told the staff that I was a niece. Aristocratic families are so large and their interconnections so numerous that the term could mean anything, and the fact that my exotic looks and the hint of olive in the colour of my skin different from their own was easily dismissed: many a foreign gene had entered the family tree from the family's colonial past.
I parked at the end of their long driveway and stepped out of my car, picking up my hold-all carrying a change of clothes. It had become clear that the sexier I dressed, the happier His Lordship and Her Ladyship were. So, although I generally travelled in something simple such as trousers and a blouse, I always had something else to change into.
I was greeted by Her Ladyship at the door. I generally addressed her as Mrs--, both in front of the servants and privately. Formality within families was also nothing to remark on and, even if it weren't, the staff would not raise it openly.
Her Ladyship was a beautiful woman, around ten years older than me, probably nearly thirty-five, and had a delightful smile and a wonderful figure. I often wondered why His Lordship required my presence in order to get his juices flowing and, if truth were told, I had a feeling that it was Her Ladyship who benefitted more from my addition to their fantasy ménage à trois than he did. I suspected that, if she were born into anything but the highest social circles, she would not have chosen to marry a man at all, but that such a thing was expected of her. She may have the liberation of seemingly unlimited wealth and privilege, but the social chains that bound her behaviour were stronger than any that had ever bound me (either for business or for pleasure).
While the couple readied the hamper, I found a guest room and changed. I had something special planned for them today, not in terms of what I would wear, but what I wouldn't. I slipped out of my blouse and trousers and my rather attractive underwear, because one never knows where work will take one, and pulled a short patterned sundress over my head. It had a few buttons around the collar, which I fastened tight up to my neck for the benefit of the staff.
I slipped my feet into a pair of strappy sandals with low heels and looked at myself in the full-length mirror. My long legs were perfect, even if I do say so myself, and the short dress covered just enough. I bounced a little on the spot and the dress bobbed around my narrow hips, showing just a little more of what lay beneath, but not quite too much. Perhaps, if one looked closely, one could see that I was wearing nothing under the dress, and I knew that they would both be looking very closely. And it was obvious from the narrow shoulder straps that couldn't be wearing a bra. Walking with a spring in my step I would be sure to put a smile on both of their faces.
I greeted His Lordship out in the garden and we exchange a peck on the cheek. It was the closest we ever came to physical contact, and I could see his pupils dilate as I stood in front of him, more bare skin on show than the amount that was covered.
"You're looking lovely today, Camilla," he said to me. I smiled, pleased at the compliment, as any well-behaved niece would be.
"Your Ladyship is looking wonderful too," I said, turning to her. She wore a long dress and it revealed much of her figure whilst covering most of her skin. A long slit down one side hinted at hidden passion, but otherwise her pale colouring, covered body and long, blonde hair was a stark contrast to my bare legs and shoulders, dark hair and olive-toned skin. We were around the same height but, let's face it, nobody would ever take us for relatives.
We set off into the grounds. The staff had been given instructions not to disturb us so we had the place to ourselves. His Lordship carried the hamper over his shoulder and I walked, bouncing with all the exuberance of youth that I could muster. I tell you: maintaining this level of energy was often more exhausting than simply hopping into bed with a client.
As I walked, dancing from flower bed to flower bed as if to inspect them, I would spin around to converse with the couple who walked hand-in-hand. But really, I was checking for their reaction, and each time I spun I saw where their eyes were drawn, probing up the length of my thigh, hoping that the dress would lift just another fraction of an inch higher, because, was she?...
I smiled: it was what they were paying for, after all, and they were apparently content.
We walked until we came upon an area of flat, well-maintained grass sheltered from the view of the house by hedges and trees.
"Shall we set up here?" His Lordship asked. I was not going to dissent and Her Ladyship merely smiled.
I was impressed by the hamper: it folded open, like a suitcase, but stood on its end as if it were a wardrobe. Inside there were drawers for cutlery and compartments for food, plates strapped in place, and even a holder for a champagne bottle, which was chilled, and flute glasses.
His Lordship walked over to a small shed a hundred yards or so away and opened the door to go inside.
"It's a beautiful day, isn't it?" I said to Her Ladyship and, conscious of how her attention was on me, I casually unbuttoned the top of my sundress. It only had three buttons, but with them undone the neck fell open and I felt cooler air across the top of my breasts. I was still decent -- no nipples on show or anything -- but it hinted at so much.
I looked up at her Ladyship, her eyes still eyeing my neckline, and she smiled.
"Truly beautiful, Camilla," she replied, and I caught the double meaning in her words.
His Lordship returned carrying a low table and three small folding chairs. I'd never been a on picnic with such formality before and we set the table and chairs out and began to unpack the hamper.
There was, of course, champagne, and pâté, and all kinds of cheeses and smoked meats, and fresh bread, and olives and artichokes and... I have never had a picnic like it at all. We ate, we chatted, and we laughed, and I made sure to catch the eye of both of them equally. They seemed happy, and that made me happy.
I leant forwards to reach for another oatcake, conscious that each time I did so my sundress would fall away from me and, if I was lucky, or perhaps if they were lucky, they would catch sight of a breast, and maybe even a nipple. I looked up to offer Her Ladyship an oatcake and saw her eye focussed down my front, her pupils dilated and her lips pursed, and I knew that my plan was a success.
"No, thank you," she said as she looked up at my eyes. We'd been spending enough time as a threesome, and our relationship had such clear boundaries, that there was no hint of embarrassment from her at being caught staring at my body.
I sat up and stretched my head back, savouring the warmth of the sun on my neck, and I knew they would be watching.
"I love to feel the sun on my skin," I said to no-one in particular.
"But you're lucky," Her Ladyship said, "You have the colouring to cope with it."
Then, for the first time ever, her hand reached out and she gently stroked my thigh as if to emphasise the point about my skin tone. It remained there, and I saw His Lordship's eyes were transfixed by the exchange. I smiled as if nothing had happened.
It might have been the champagne that prompted Her Ladyship's action, or it might have been the champagne that pushed me that extra step, but on an impulse... no, not on an impulse, because I had trained myself not to act on impulse... but on the spur of the moment, and seeing no reason not to, I reached down, gripped the hem of my sundress in my fingers, and pulled it smoothly and swiftly over my head.
I dropped it in a crumpled heap beside my seat. For once, both Her Ladyship and His Lordship were speechless as they stared at my naked body. I smiled, both to them and to myself, happy that I had calculated correctly: this was going to be perfectly fine, as far as they were concerned.
I looked at Her Ladyship, her hand still resting on my thigh, and I saw her moisten her lips with the tip of her tongue.
I stretched my arms far above my head, my eyes closed as if revelling in the sun's warmth, knowing full well what it was doing to my body and the attention I was commanding. I made a quiet purring noise, just loud enough that they would hear it, and then lowered my arms and opened my eyes again. Her Ladyship's eyes were still staring and I wondered, for a moment, if perhaps my seduction had gone too far.
I turned my attention to His Lordship to see how he would regard my body, but I was surprised to see that his attention had shifted to Her Ladyship. He was studying her reaction to my nudity, but his eyes were full of lust: not for me, but for her. I felt momentarily jealous that, here I was, sitting naked before them, and his eyes were on her.
I put the thought out of my mind: this was my job, and I was doing it well. My theory that I was being paid to keep the fire in their relationship alive seemed the correct one, and I envied Her Ladyship for being the object of such devotion.
I must have looked suddenly wistful as I wondered if I would ever see a man look at me the way he looked at her. Would anyone see me as anything more than an object to possess, or maybe rent for an hour? Her Ladyship spoke, a hint of concern in her voice.
"Are these chairs comfortable enough for you?" she asked, but I knew it was her way of saying: are you comfortable like that? That I didn't have to do this if I didn't want to.
I smiled at her kindness. "They're fine," I said, putting my young, happy and carefree mask back on, and I touched my hand to her arm lightly to reassure her that all was well.
I don't know if His Lordship saw the jolt that went through her body as I touched her, but I certainly felt it. I think, as well as this being the first time she had ever touched me in such a way, or I touch her, this was also the first time that she appeared lost for words or actions. She froze, her hand still touching my upper thigh.
"Here," I said, and I reached for the champagne bottle. His Lordship gaped as I leant towards him to pick it up. My breasts, which weren't particularly large nor small, fell away from my body for a moment. I refilled their glasses and raised mine.
"To us," I said by way of a toast, "And perfect relationships." If it wasn't already clear that I was more than happy with the way the three of us interacted then I had just made it so.
We sat and talked for another twenty minutes. I was used to being naked around clients, and they were getting used to me being around them. Although from time-to-time I would do something to draw their attention to my body, like stretch my legs out, or straighten my hair, conscious of the shapes I was making or how it lifted my breasts.
The conversation came to a close and we stood and I began to pack things away in the hamper. It was not an easy thing to do graciously in the nude.
"Don't worry about that, Camilla," His Lordship told me, an amused smile on his face, "I'll send some of the staff down later." I smiled back, remembering just how easy many aspects of life must be when someone else clears up after you.
"Let's walk for a while," Her Ladyship suggested, and I smiled my agreement.
She glanced at my sundress on the grass, looking disappointed at the idea that I would have to put it back on. I stepped past it to stand beside her. Her chest rose and fell with a single deep breath as I stood close to her.
"Lead the way," I prompted, and she turned to walk towards the further reaches of the garden.
I hooked my arm inside the crook of her elbow and walked with her. Her hand rested on mine and she smiled. We walked slowly in unison, my bare skin brushing against her long dress, and with His Lordship on her far side pointing out various features of the garden and talking about its history and the history of the family.
Even though I was comfortable being naked, I felt a certain sense of danger at leaving my dress behind. If one of the staff were to disturb us then there would be nothing to hide me. But, I hoped the added element of danger would only increase the excitement level for the couple beside me: if we were discovered together like this, the cover story that I was their niece would not stand up for a second.
His Lordship ensured that we stayed away from the house, although at times I had a clear view back to one of the windows and, if anyone had been looking out, they would have had a clear view of me. And as we walked, Her Ladyship relaxed too, and we talked, much as we always did, and my nudity just became a matter-of-fact that we were all happy with.
My role had became clearer than ever to me: I was here for Her Ladyship's benefit; she was the one who needed me to kindle the fire within her up before His Lordship completed the task later. So be it, I thought as we returned to the picnic site and I slipped back into my sundress, with a degree disappointment on the part of all three of us. But now I had an even clearer idea of what was expected of me it was going to be even easier to deliver it.