Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pts 26 and 27.
---
Sue and Dave had decided on a weekend away for the wedding, and Sue had invited Rachel and I along. Lucky me, I got to drive the bridesmaids and Sue down in my van. I'd probably bring just Rachel back, as Sue would be going on her honeymoon with Dave, and the others would be with their other halves, who were currently with Dave for his wild party that I wasn't invited to. That's OK, it's not like we were closer.
I'd put the extra row of seats in the van, so ended up driving down with seven giggling girls.
Lisa had obviously recognized me, and we talked pleasantly, but I had the feeling Sue had told people that I was Rachel's boyfriend or something, as it didn't seem like anybody was linking me to Sue at all.
Rachel and I met the girls at Sue's, and got them all loaded in the van.
Rachel sat next to me in the front and as we drove away, discretely pulled her skirt up to her waist and sat with her hand in her panties just to tease me.
They sang silly songs, and some flashed their bra-clad tits at guys in cars. I found it amusing and sweet.
We arrived in the mid afternoon. Having got the girls all checked in, Rachel and I dropped our stuff in the room we were to share. Sue was in a room by herself, a few doors down from us. While the girls all got themselves dolled up, I went out to see some of the local sights and get something to eat.
I got back to the hotel shortly before the girls were headed out to the strip club. Sue was wearing a tiara, and they all had bride squad T-shirts on over their dresses. They looked good, and the giggly group left leaving me to watch TV and catch up on some work and web surfing.
The girls came back around midnight, surprisingly early, and while Rachel was a little tipsy, she wasn't as drunk as I'd expected. Sue was delivering her, and she seemed sober, but happy.
"The girls wanted to have a quiet night," Sue said, "most of them are engaged or married, or have kids, and just wanted to see some strippers and get a good night's sleep."
She left Rachel with me, and headed back to her room.
Rachel was obviously in a silly mood, and I think watching the strippers had her turned on, as she danced around the room teasing me and acting all sexy. I sat on the bed to watch her, as she pulled her blouse out of her skirt and started unbuttoning it slowly as she swayed and danced for me.
She finally undid the last button, and had shrugged the blouse off her shoulders when there was a knock at the door. Rachel didn't seem bothered about it, and kept on dancing, so I went to get the door. I noticed she was watching to see who it was.
I opened the door, and it was Lisa. She was still wearing her dress from the evening out, and she stood there looking nervous.
"Rachel said it would be OK to come and join you guys," she said.
"Come in," called Rachel, who'd managed to remove her blouse while I was at the door.
"Just a second," I said, "you're behind, as she's taken her top off already, so you should catch up before you come in."
"I'm wearing a dress," she said.
"Then you'll be in the lead," I replied.
She looked up and down the hallway nervously, then turned round.
"Unzip me," she said, and I unhooked the clasp at the top, and undid the zip down to her waist. She pulled the straps over her arms, and let the top of the dress hang down in front of her. She was wearing a bra.
"That's not really off, is it?" I asked.
She sighed and pulled her dress over her hips and down her legs, stepping out of it. She picked it up and handed it to me.
"Better?" she asked, standing there in her underwear and stockings.
"Much," I said, stepping aside to let her into the room.
She came in, and Rachel greeted her like a long lost friend, and they danced around together as Rachel struggled with the hook on the back of her skirt. Eventually Lisa unhooked it for her, and undid the zip, letting it fall around her feet.
I picked the skirt up so it didn't get tripped over, and sat down and watched them dancing together. Rachel hugged Lisa to her, and unhooked her bra while her hands were behind her back, and I watched it fall forward until Lisa took it off and threw it to me. Rachel's hands went to her tits, tweaking her nipples. Lisa turned her around and undid Rachel's bra, letting it fall forwards off her and down to the floor. When Rachel bent over to pick it up, Lisa yanked her panties down to her knees, and they dropped to her ankles as she straightened up. Rachel threw the bra to me, then stepped out of one leg of her panties and used the other foot to awkwardly kick them towards me. I went and collected them, putting them with the other clothes. Rachel was starting on working Lisa's panties down at this point, and I watched as her trimmed pubic hair came in to view. She stepped out of them, and Rachel brought them over to the pile.
The girls were playing at grabbing each other and playing kissy face when there was another knock at the door. I got up and went and answered it. It was Sue. She was wearing a dressing gown.
"Um, hi," she said, "I was feeling a little lonely, so I thought I'd come and see what you guys were up to."
She could see Rachel and Lisa dancing naked behind me.
"I should leave you to it," she said.
"I'm just watching," I said. "You're welcome to come in, but you need to meet the dress code."
She smiled at me, and unbelted her gown, taking it off and giving it to me. She was wearing thin flannel shorts under it, and pulled those down and off, handing them over to me too. She came in and I closed the door behind her.
"I'm just going to watch," she said. "I'm getting married tomorrow."
Rachel and Lisa came and hugged Sue, and they all danced around for a little while, and then Sue came and sat next to me on the bed.
"How come you're still dressed?" she asked me.
"I've just been watching them," I said, as Lisa and Rachel suddenly seemed to notice me.
The three of them swarmed me, holding me down and I felt my clothing being unbuttoned and removed. Sue ended up sitting on my bare chest facing my feet, with her knees pinning my arms by my sides. I couldn't see the other two, but I quickly felt somebody's mouth on my dick.
After a few minutes of this, Lisa said she wanted to fuck, and asked if anybody had a condom. I knew I didn't, and said so, and it seemed that nobody else did either.
"We should go down to the desk and see if they have any," said Rachel.
"I guess I'll get dressed again," Lisa said, and I felt her weight get off the bed.
"We can wear dressing gowns," said Rachel, "but we should take those stockings off first."
Sue climbed off me and Rachel went over to Lisa and knelt down, unhooking the stockings and rolling them down her legs and off her feet. She then took the garter belt off her.
Rachel went and got the dressing gowns from the bathroom.
"There's only two, so somebody'll have to stay here or get dressed."
"I'll stay here with him," said Sue.
Lisa took a gown, and went to put it on until Rachel stopped her.
"Not until we're out of the room."
Rachel picked up her phone, I gave them some money and a room key and they left, naked and carrying their dressing gowns.
Sue and I sat down to chat while we waited for them to get back. She said she was nervous about being married, and still horny from watching the strippers, but she'd just have to wait to see Dave tomorrow, or, looking at the clock, later today at the ceremony.
My phone beeped, and I went and got it. Rachel had sent me a selfie of the two of them standing together naked in the corridor outside. Lisa didn't look comfortable. I then got a picture of them naked in the elevator.
There was another beep for a picture of Rachel standing naked in reception. There was nobody there. Then, a minute later, a picture of Lisa standing naked in the men's restroom by a condom machine. I guess they'd had success in their mission.
Sue and I chatted for a while longer until the door opened and they came in, naked again, carrying their dressing gowns.
"That was scary," said Lisa. "She took a picture of us outside, then again in the elevator, and I was just expecting the thing to stop and somebody else get on. When we got down to reception, there was nobody there, so she took her gown off and ran around naked, then rang the bell before putting it back on. The woman who came looked at us like we were whores, and told us there was a vending machine in the men's room. And then she made me take my gown off to go and buy some. And again before we unlocked the door here. God, I just want to die."
"So you don't want to fuck anymore?" asked Rachel, grinning.
"Oh no, now more than ever."
She opened a condom, and went to hand it to Sue.
"Do you want to do the honors?"
"No," said Sue, "I'm just going to watch. I wouldn't feel right getting involved, and if I start, I don't know where I'd finish."
Lisa came over and licked my dick, before sucking the head into her mouth, then she put the condom on me. She had me lie back on the bed, and straddled me so she could put my dick in her, reverse cowgirl.
Sue and Rachel were standing at the foot of the bed, watching, and Rachel told her to lean back so they could see better. I reached up and caught her until she could hold herself up on her arms, and she started thrusting up and down.
Rachel disappeared from my view, but Lisa stopped thrusting. She was just grinding, a little, so I guessed that Rachel was licking Lisa's clit. I could see Sue standing there, with her hands down, playing with her clit.
With all the attention, it didn't take long for Lisa to cum, loudly, and she collapsed backwards on top of me. After a short rest, she moved so my dick came out of her, then rolled off me.
"That was great," she said, "thank you."
Rachel came over and pulled the condom off me, dropping it on the floor. She bent down and sucked my dick for a few seconds, then said "my turn" and straddled me the same as Lisa had.
Sue was still playing with her clit, and by now was flushed from her face down to her tits, so she was almost there. We watched her cum, and that set Rachel off too. I was glad they'd spent the evening watching strippers.
Rachel climbed off me, and asked Sue if she wanted "a go". She shook her head, and said she should really be going, as she needed a good night's sleep. She put on her shorts and dressing gown, and left the three of us to it.
Rachel decided to give me a blowjob, and snuggled down between my legs and sucked my dick until I came in her mouth. Lisa was showing no sign of leaving, so we all ended up in the bed together, with me in the middle.
We woke up around 8am, and Lisa left to get ready for the wedding. I got a text from Sue asking us to come to the church early, so when we were all ready, we walked down there. One of her bridesmaids saw us come in, and ushered us over to the waiting room where she was getting ready, surrounded by bridesmaids and her parents.
She shooed them all out, and locked the door behind them.
"What's up?" I asked.
"I want you to fuck me," she said.
"But I thought..."
"If you fuck me now, it's cheating, but if you fuck me in an hour, it's adultery."
She bent forwards over the desk she'd soon be signing her marriage license on.
"Help me," she said to Rachel, and they carefully pulled the wedding dress up, baring her white stocking-clad legs, then her thong covered butt. Rachel pulled the thong down her legs, and Sue stepped out of it. From the puffy lips on her freshly shaved pussy, I could see she was already turned on.
"Are you sure about this?"
"Yes, I want you to be the last one I fuck before I get married."
"Wait, who else have you been fucking since you last fucked me?"
"Only Dave," she said.
Rachel came over and unbuckled my belt, and pulled my pants and underwear down. She took my dick in her hand and stroked it up and down, then used her mouth to stroke it up and down, before sucking it in for a moment. Then she led me over to Sue, and rubbed my dick through her pussy lips until I pushed forward, making Sue grunt. I stood there, and Sue rocked backwards and forwards. Rachel pulled her short skirt up a bit, and knelt down between Sue's legs and started licking my shaft and Sue's clit. Sue started to moan as she came.
"Cum inside me," she said, and a minute later, I did.
Sue stood up, and smoothed her dress back down, and Rachel came and cleaned my dick with her mouth, then pulled my underwear back up and tucked it in. I pulled my pants up, and redid them. Sue unlocked the door, and we left to find a seat in the church.
As Sue walked down the aisle to say her wedding vows, I remembered I hadn't seen her put her thong back on, so my cum was probably running down the insides of her thighs.
After the service and reception, we headed home before we got into any more trouble.