"I want you to wait for me in front of the bed, naked and kneeling."
That was his assignment for me this evening while he was at work. I was nervous and excited, and he knew it. Twenty minutes before he told me he would come home I got into position, just to be safe. I wouldn't want him to come home early and think I didn't wait for him. The thought of him seeing me the way he wanted to and praising me for it made me ecstatic and kept me motivated to stay that way, no matter how bad my knees hurt from the lack of movement.
I heard a car parking in front of his apartment. Could have been anyone, but I hoped it was him. I straightened up and was looking smiling at the door. I felt like a dog waiting for his master, just wanting to show him how happy I was for his return. I heard steps, and my heart almost jumped out of my chest. I didn't know what would happen, it was the first time we did something like this.
The moment he opened the door I only saw the bright light from outside shining on my naked body, kneeling like he told me to. I was self-conscious about everything. Was that the right position? Is that what he hoped for? Is my body looking alright? What if a neighbor would see me through the open door? I tried to sit as straight as I could and not to move at all.
"Welcome Home" I greeted him.
It took a whole lot of self-discipline to not just jump up and throw my hands around his neck, I was just so glad to see him. He closed the door and moved towards me, kissing me on my forehead, telling me how pleased he was. My heart almost leapt out of my chest, full of joy. It was peculiar how happy it made me to please him. My feeling confused myself. I always thought I knew myself pretty well, but now my reaction surprised me.
After he stared at me for a few minutes, looking happy as far as I could tell while not directly looking at him, he moved away and it sounded like he got something out of a drawer. The room was only illuminated barely by five candles, therefore it was as hard to tell what he held in his hands. He sat down behind me, kissing my neck with his soft lips and moving a silky cloth in front of my eyes. His hands moved softly, like has was trying to pet a butterfly without damaging its wings, barely touching me. The hair in the back of my neck stood up reacting to the electricity between us.
As he tied the cloth behind my head I closed my eyes and enjoyed the touch of his hands while he was making sure it as comfortable but tight. I think that was the moment, when I let go of everything. It felt like falling into a bed of feathers, like arriving home after a long and hard journey, like a thankful and loving hug. I felt calm, relaxed and just completed. I never felt this way before. Like losing yourself and finding yourself at the same time. He could have done whatever he wanted to me at this moment, I was lost in absolute bliss.
"Stand up." he commanded with a very soft voice.
I stood up, my knees still aching, but I didn't care about them anymore. I tried to concentrate on my posture and hoped my body looked appealing to him. He touched my hand and I took his with both of mine while he led me a few steps away from the bed, I knew where we stood now: in front of the big window leading to his balcony, from which you could look to a parking lot and a big apartment building across the road.
"Careful." he said again in his soft tone.
My hands felt the hard back of a chair, so I grabbed it and waited. Waiting with that kind of anticipation that makes seconds become minutes, but in a good way. Like a child sitting in front of a present, not knowing what's inside, but knowing it could only be something great.
His hands touched my ankles, moving them toward the chair legs. I was pressed against the chair, and then I felt warm soft fabric tightening around my wrists and ankles, my feet couldn't move an inch, my hands could move a bit, but not much. I hoped for what was coming next.
"Last weeks there were a few incidents. I told you each time I was making a mark on the bad girl list."
I grinned. I knew what he was referring to, I teased him while he was at work a lot. I also have been naughty in other ways from time to time, just trying to tease. He really did tell me every time and I was looking forward to his reaction to it. Now was the time. My whole body tensed with excitement.
Something stinging my erect nipples. Clamps pinching them with gentle strength. My body reacted with a small shiver all over, ending in my loins. The line between pain and pleasure blurred more and more. Slap. A twinge of pain mixed with a very pleasant sensation was whelming over my body. The only times my behind was slapped hard before was while we had intercourse once. I enjoyed it very much, it was the first time ever someone hit me that hard. It didn't feel like he held back. It felt like he just let go of something that was caged for too long. I felt trusted. I also felt like I can trust him with everything. Just letting go of any insecurities and just be. It was freeing, and the pleasurable pain freed something else inside of me too. I just felt like we both were able to be our raw, pure selves, giving ourselves over to each other. Like this was the way it was supposed to be. The thought about people seeing us through the window didn't disappear, but it shifted from unease to enjoyment. I wanted them to see us, I wanted them to see our raw selves. Actually I wanted the whole world to see.
Slap. Another one. And another one. The feeling intensified with each one. I didn't count, I wasn't able to think at all, only feeling each touch and what it did to me. And then he stopped. Please don't stop, I thought. I want more. I didn't know what he was up to.
"Please, can I have more, Sir?" I dared to ask.
I heard him chuckle "Well, since you asked so well behaved, you may. But you would have gotten more anyway."
I couldn't help myself and grinned.
"Thank you."
I consider myself a very strong and independent woman. Maybe even a feminist. It is weird to me, that I find that much pleasure in the role of a submissive masochist. It doesn't fit my character. I'm usually very dominant. But maybe that's exactly the reason. Maybe it is what I need to balance myself out. I could spend hours analyzing the whole thing, but now was not the time. It just felt wonderful, and the reasons behind that didn't matter in this moment. It just felt right.
His touch surprised me, his hands felt so cold on my skin, but it was obvious that the reason for it was the skin of my cheeks burning up. I felt his hands gliding over my asshole and suddenly something else. I knew his love for buttplugs, so I guessed right on what happened next. Slowly, soft and wet it slipped into me, the size caught me off guard. It felt huge, but my sense of touch was heightened to an extended where I couldn't tell if it really was huge, or I just felt it more intensely because of the blood flowing through my butt.
Deeper and deeper he pushed it into me, and I felt like he was almost ripping me apart, but in a good way. He stopped, let go of me and stepped away.
I felt his looks, and I heard him sighing "Oh dear."
"Hm?" I asked innocently, trying to get him to tell me what he was looking at.
"If you could see yourself. Your cheeks are so red. Gosh. Beautiful."
He loosened my hand and ankle cuffs and asked me to spread my cheeks for him, so I did. The heat radiating from my behind was immense. I didn't expect it and told him so. He chuckled again. Then a flash - he seemed to have taken a picture of my butt, glowing red and a plug inside it. The he removed my hands again.
Slap. He started again. It felt even harder then before, and he continued.
"Could you, please, remove the plug, Sir?" It was too much.
Usually I don't have problems with stuff up my butt, quite the contrary, but I felt everything a thousand times more intensely than usual and I thought it would rip me open with every slap. He was taking it out and I was thankful he followed my request, even though we both know he didn't have to. While he took it out I wasn't sure if it would ever end, it seemed to take forever. It did end though and I felt more at ease. He then continued hitting my cheeks. I can't remember if I screamed, I was completely lost in his power. I can't remember anything about the minutes he gave me what I wanted, no, needed. Pure ecstasy, my pussy dripping from excitement. He stopped again, I frowned.
"More, please." I begged.
"Babe, you can't see yourself, I have to stop now." he said, sounding amazed.
I was disappointed, I wanted more. I didn't care of he would slap me bloody, I just wanted more. I heard him opening a bottle and then felt his soft touch on my burning skin. He rubbed soothing oil over my cheeks with gentle streaks. It felt perfect. Tears flooding my eyes, the thankfulness of his care overcame me too suddenly.
"Thank you!" My voice was shaking.
His hands gliding over my stinging skin, moving lower to my cunt as I moaned thankfully.
Pure longing fulfilled my whole body, and he listened to it. His hard, long cock touched my hot ass and caressed it carefully gliding over it, moving down between my legs, touching my clitoris. My back immediately arched in response. He slid in me like a hand would slip in a custom tailored glove, and if there was any doubt of it before now I knew that we were made for each other.
He took me forcefully, and with every thrust my butt cheeks remembered the spanking they just received. It was perfection in every moment. His hands grabbed the clamps which still held my nipples tight and pulled them.
My pelvis pushed against his and he said "There is a guy in the building across the street, watching us. Do you enjoy him looking at us? Watching you getting fucked by me?"
And I really did. He loosened my blindfold and let me see. The thought of people enjoying the view only made me even hornier and I stared at all those windows, not knowing how many people might see us right now, trying to look everyone in their eyes.
"Fuck me." I begged him.
"Please, fuck me!" And he fucked me even harder, pulling the clamps off my nipples.
I wasn't sure if they were bleeding, the pain was so intense, but I didn't care. My body tensed up and I came, looking at a couple on the parking lot. I don't know if they saw us, but I like to think so. My breath flattened again and my muscles loosened up a bit. He pulled his penis out of me an I heard the bottle again, which I now knew had oil in it. Shortly after I felt his dick on my asshole, gliding inside and I moaned.
"Yes." I stammered, I wanted to say more but wasn't able to get more words out.
He went so deep inside me, I thought I would explode. It was a feeling of pure pleasure as he started to fuck me.
"Tell me what I am doing to you right now!" He commanded.
"You are," I moaned "fucking," I moaned louder "my ass."
He seemed to be pleased with the answer and fucked me harder, it didn't take long for me to come again and my eyes teared up again because the pleasure was too much to take, it felt perfect as his thrusts intensified. I was pretty certain he was about to come too.
"Please,... I want you to come over me!" I pleaded.
He seemed surprised "You want me to come all over you?" he wanted to make sure.
"Yes, please." Was all I managed to say and then felt the fire that plead seemed to have started when he fucked me so hard I thought he would push over the chair and me with it.
He quickly pulled his immense erection out and I felt his sweet juice all over me. Without him or myself touching me I came again right there, only from the feeling of his dripping cum on my butt, back and even my hair.
We both tried to catch our breath again and after a few moments he just said "You are crazy." This time it was me who chuckled.
I guess I am.