What happened in the Prologue:Dr Matthew Connors is about to retire from his renowned urology practice when he gets a very interesting client, Jordan Marshall. One could say that Jordan's erectile problems stem from the way he ate an ice cream, meringue and raspberry dessert. However, that would be a gross of oversimplification. This is a story about Jordan's penis, a rhino horn, his incredible sex-life, a murder and Jordan's role in solving it.
Chapter 1:Jordan discovered that Jackie not only had soft womanly curves, but also had a very responsive and prominent clitoris. This turned out to be slightly problematic as Jordan was engaged to Barbara, a researcher working on a unique lie detector and she found Jackie's discarded panties on her desk.
Chapters 2-4:Jordan is injected with an experimental lie detector by his (ex) fiancé. Pinocchio's nose grew when he lied. Jordon's cock grows when he fibs and it deflates when he tells the truth. While visiting his parents, Jordan's mother quizzes him about his (now ex) fiancé. Jordan tells lie after lie. Edith, the elderly house keeper gets the benefits of Jordon's Pinocchio-cock.
Chapter 5:Jordan makes a dinner date with his father. Once again his erection gets him in trouble. Edith, the housekeeper paddles his hairy bottom, while he thinks of his domineering mother. He takes Edith from behind.
Chapter 6:Becky wasn't put together the same as most other women, not only was she omni-orgasmic, but she also had an extremely high density of pleasure sensors at the base of her vagina. Jordan's dick was the first cock to stimulate these neurons.
Chapter 7:A large wooden rhino sculpture falls on Jonathan Marshall. He is instantly killed by the rhino horn which pierces his skull and in a freak occurrence produces his last erection. The newspaper headlines read"Boston Banker Rises from the Dead.", "Wooden rhino horn results in lethal woody. (From Australia)"and"Prominent Boston Banker killed by Chinese Aphrodisiac."
Chapter 8:Jordan's mother has tweeked her hamstring. Her masseur cancels their appointment and she coerces Jordan to give her a massage. Janice has had more than a bottle of wine - she has lost her inhibitions. Jordan lies to his mother, which results in the biggest erection he has ever had. You can guess what happens next. In an incest chapter, a massively hard cock and a drunk mother can only lead to one thing.
Chapter 9:Jordan has no sex and encounters a murderer.
Chapter 10:Jordan talks to his now diseased father's personal assistant - she is a hot good-looking MILF. He lies to her and gets a phenomenal boner. Gina and Jordan have an intense quicky. And Jordan discovers his father had a married lover and that they were going to divorce their spouses and then get married to each other.
Chapter 11:Abby, the waitress from Café Afrika and Jordan talk about his father's death. She takes Jordan home, where they get naked. Jordan can't get it up, nevertheless they get it on.
Chapter 12:The day of her husband's funeral Janice Marshall asks Jordan for a massage (codeword for a fuck). He gets a massive erection but avoids fucking his mother by abruptly leaving for his apartment. Perhaps he should have stayed because at his apartment a death threat awaits him.
Chapter 13:Kate, a well-breasted journalist goes to interview Jordan. He doesn't tell the truth, the resultant monster erection, does not escape Kate's attention. She gets a story and a good boning.
(Bottom line: Pinocchio's nose grew when he lied. Jordon's cock grows when he fibs and it deflates when he tells the truth.)
Chapter 14April 27 - 29 18-20thdays with erectile malfunction
Studying, exams and no erectile action.
Chapter 15Saturday, Sunday 21 and 22ndday with erectile malfunction
On Saturday Jordan studied, did dishes and laundry, watched some television, and had a satisfactory phone call with Abby.
Sunday morning started with Dutch herring fillet on rolls, orange juice and a vitamin pill. If he could survive the next three days Jordan would be done with his studies and would hopefully never have to take an exam again. His plan was to study all day and then reward himself by taking Abby out for dinner. He was going to devote the whole evening and night to her.
Indeed, Jordan got a lot of studying done. At two in the afternoon he felt he had done enough work that he could afford to give himself a little break. He went to MacDonald's and bought himself a McFish sandwich. On his way back to his books he passed a florist that was open and on impulse bought a spring bouquet of flowers for Abby. Proud of his thoughtfulness he went back to work.
An hour before Abby was due to arrive Jordan had a shower. He shampooed his hair, under his arms and between his legs. He gave his feet, toes and penis a good scrubbing. Put on a clean pair of underwear and admired himself in the mirror. Certainly not bad he thought, not perfect, a little too much fat not enough muscle tone, but Abby had seemed happy with what she had seen. He felt that his buns looked worth a squeeze and hoped that his penis made a nice bulge in his clean fresh underwear.
On all accounts Abby's body was better than Jordan's. Yet if she had been examining her body in front of the mirror she would have been much more self-critical. The difference between male and female thought processes are absolutely phenomenal. In a University of Michigan study students were asked to take a math exam in their swimsuits. Each student was placed in their own cubicle, which contained a mirror and desk, and was given the examination. Female student scores decreased when they took the test. Male scores increased. Perhaps Jordan should have studied less and have taken his exams in his swimsuit instead.
The doorbell rang and Jordan opened the door for Abby. She held out a red envelope for him and he held out the bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. They laughed at each other, exchanged offerings and kissed.
"Open the envelope please. If you don't do it quickly I might just tear it up and throw it away. I wrote you a poem and am very embarrassed about it right now," Abby said blushing madly. Jordan motioned her into the apartment. She was wearing a white skirt with small blue flowers printed on it and a white Indian cotton shirt. The shirt was a little see through and Jordan could see her waist through it. He smiled at Abby and opened the envelope, inside was a "I think you are cute" card. Jordan opened it and read the poem. Abby could see that he was moved by what he read, and she was no longer shy about her amateur poetry. She had been worried that he would either laugh at her or run away in fear of the commitment it showed. The flowers he had given her when she arrived had reassured her a bit. Abby assumed they were a token of some minimal commitment. Here is what Jordan read.
Dearest Jordan
We are going to have quite a night
I want to hold you really tight
My body will be yours
You may open all its doors
Play with my toes
Kiss me on my nose
Run your tongue up my thighs
Gather all my sighs
You can have more than just me
Call 860-786-3003
And ask for Peter Tate
He was your father's Tuesday night date
"What did I do right in my previous life to deserve this?" Asked a very pleased Jordan.
Jordan gave her a thank you kiss and placed her flowers in water.
"Don't forget your flowers when you leave"
"I won't. It was so sweet of you to get them for me," replied Abby smiling.
"How did you get Peter's last name and phone number?"
"On Tuesday night he came to sit at the table just like he did every Tuesday when your father was still alive. He told me it was his way of saying goodbye to your father. I told him that you would like to talk to him about your dad and he was sympathetic to the idea. He will happily answer your questions. Unfortunately, he is out of town and will only be coming back tomorrow. The phone number is his home number and he will be home tomorrow night." Abby reported all of this to Jordan while having a good look at the apartment. It was a huge apartment for a single guy in Boston. Nicely decorated too, perhaps there had some feminine help here and there.
"That's great news. I will certainly call him on Monday night. I hope he knows a bit more about dad's social life. I really would like to know why he was flying to Groton so often."
"I hope so. It would be good for you to know all about your father. I am a little hungry, shall I make us something to eat?"
"No need to, I have a reservation at the Harbor House restaurant for dinner tonight. They specialize in seafood, but also have meat and salads. I hope you don't mind. It's my treat."
"Sounds good to me," Abby answered. She enjoyed eating out and seeing how other restaurants worked. She was also looking forward to getting to know Jordan better. Who knows how much talking they would have done if they stayed in his apartment.
Jordan was feeling guilty about his sexual escapades with the busty Kate. Abby was clearly a great person as well as being cute, bubbly and very sexy. He could easily imagine starting a long-term relationship with her. To his amazement his guilt was resulting in a sloppy little erection. It seemed that the LIE promoter was activated by both lies and guilt. Jordan was looking forward to his night with Abby; he hoped it would be the first of many. He was however a little concerned about the biochemical behavior of his penis. How was he ever going to have a long-term relationship with someone if the only way he could get an erection was by lying or by feeling guilty? How many lies could he tell before he was caught out? Surely a relationship built on lies and guilt was an unhealthy relationship. These were unpleasant thoughts and Jordan decided to shelve them in the darkest corner of his brain, right next to famine and suffering in Africa.
The West Indian grouper Jordan had at the Harbor House was excellent, it was pan sautéed and topped with gulf shrimp, which were simmered in a spiced lemon sauce, and served with pigeon pea rice. The food and wine were fantastic but the company was the best of all. Abby had a fillet steak, medium rare, with Roquefort dressing. The meat dissolved in her mouth. Jordan felt his insides turn to jelly when he watched her savor the taste of the meat. He wanted to hold her hand when she dipped her fried potatoes in the blue cheese sauce. Occasionally Jordan had seen couples feed each other in public, he always felt this was pathetic and that he should be neutered if he was ever tempted to do something like that. Tonight, he was tempted, not only to feed Abby, but to do it by hand so she would lick the sauce from his fingers.
The food was excellent Abby thought, and Jordan was charming. This night had a great deal of potential. Maybe something good would come from the rhino falling off the shelf and killing poor Mr. Marshall. She had regular nightmares about it, sometimes she was the one who was impaled by the rhino and once when Mr. Marshall was speared by the horn his erection sprang out of his pants and sprayed blood all over her. She woke up screaming.
Dessert arrived. They shared a praline cheese cake. Abby checked out the waiter's buns and hoped that her customers did not check out her body in the same way. His pants were very tight and showed off his goods very well.
In the elevator up to the apartment Jordan and Abby started kissing, the higher the elevator got the higher their passions rose. Abby could feel Jordan's desire in his kisses and in the way he groped her ass, but there was no sign of hardness further down. She would have to slow down a bit and see if she could coax some life into his jellyfish.
As soon as Jordan opened the apartment door Abby gave Jordan a last tongue exploring kiss and said, "I am going to explode and wee all over you if we carry on like this." She ran off to the bathroom where she checked to see how many toothbrushes there were and whether there was any Viagra around. One toothbrush and no Viagra in the bathroom. A pity he could use some, she reflected as she flushed the toilet.
Jordan in the meantime had sat down on one of the couches and started to implement his plan. He closed his eyes and revisited his night with Kate. He could see her bending down to pick up her wine glass and remembered the shock of delight as he noticed that she was wearing a thong. His hands felt her buns and involuntarily contracted. His brain fast forwarded to the moment she took off her bra and her breasts were released. No longer firm, but beautifully round, soft to the touch and areola larger than a CD-ROM. He was so lost in his reminiscences that he totally forgot about Abby, and was startled out of his sexual stroll into the past when she returned.
As planned he was jolted by a tidal wave of guilt that partially resurrected his dormant monster-man. He got up, went to Abby, lifted her shirt and started kissing her stomach and waist. She took off the shirt and removed her bra, two bouncy fresh apples popped out. Golden delicious apples that tasted of spring air and sparkling water. Firm responsive boobs that ejected a hard blueberry nipple when his tongue explored their spherical contours. Abby leaned back to enjoy his oral voyage of discovery. Her leg reflexively moved forward between Jordan's legs, and found a stripped bass in place of the jellyfish that had been there seconds ago. (Soon the bass would be replaced by a great white shark.) What had happened while she was in the bathroom? Did he manually coerce his manhood to readiness, did he take a pill that made his little man rise or was he excited by the thought of her having a pee? Abby was not the type of girl to look a gift horse in the mouth. Jordan had migrated up from her breasts and was nibbling on her ears. It felt good and Abby dropped her hand down into his underwear. A nice hard handful. Nothing extraordinary, it was bigger than a hot dog and smaller than a cucumber.
Jordan enjoyed the feeling of Abby inspecting his package with her cold hands. She shrugged off her shoes, a signal for Jordan to massage her feet and toes. He tickled, massaged and popped her toes in his mouth. Occasionally his hand drifted up her calves to her thighs. Abby's dress was hiked up all the way to a pair of white cotton panties. Once or twice his fingers brushed her most sensitive spots ever so gently. Desire was pulsating throughout Abby's body and most of Jordan's body. His penis had sprung a minor leak and was slowly deflating. Jordan couldn't fix the leak and started to pump a lot more air into it, by making up stories about past girlfriends, fabrications that would activate his LIE gene and cause some growth in his cock.
Abby was very happy with the proceedings so far. She liked someone who paid attention to all of her body. Jordan was doing a great job. Her nerve endings were firing away. A touch or two in the right place and she would be shuddering her way to a satisfying orgasm. Abby's only concern was that he spoke about his old girlfriends too much. So far this was the only time she felt uncomfortable with him. She was getting the feeling he might be lying to her. Why would he be lying though? Abby wondered. He knew he did not have to impress her. Perhaps he was embarrassed about his performance in bed the other night. That had been very strange, he seemed so interested in her and her body and yet he could not get it up. Things looked a lot more solid tonight.
In an attempt to stop Jordan talking about his ex-girlfriends Abby accidently hit the mother-lode when she changed the subject.
"You haven't told me much about your mother. How is she doing without your father?"
Jordan was delighted with the question. He couldn't tell Abby the truth that his mother was doing well, that within a week of her husband's death she had asked Jordan for a massage and that he had obliged and given her naked body a hard massage and a lot more. Nine hard inches more. Nor could he tell her that on the night of his father's funeral he had nearly fucked her again. All he could do was lie to her and so he told her that his mother was missing his father and that she was struggling with his loss. The lies did their job and the Veritas drug kicked in. Jordan's bread was rising and Abby suddenly found a French loaf in her hand.
Abby was totally confused. Last time he couldn't get his cock up - it was a sweet little thing and this time his cock just grew and grew until it was bigger than any cock she had ever seen before, it must have been at least 8 inches in length. And what was even weirder was how Jordan was rattling on and on about his mother. She knew Janice was quite a bitch, Jordan had told her that, but now he was going on about nice she was and he just wouldn't stop. Was that why he was so big and hard? She certainly hoped not, Jordan had some serious boyfriend potential, except for this ex-girlfriend and mother conversations during foreplay.
Luckily Abby forgot all about Jordan's strange verbal foreplay once she focused on his cock. Not only was it the largest human cock Abby had ever seen (Abby was known to admire some horse cock and wonder how wonderful it must be to be a mare), it was also the hardest one. At home Abby had an eight-inch pink dildo. Jordan's pussy pleaser was the same length as her dildo, but it was wider, veinier and harder than her well used pink friend.
Her dildo, Pinkie, a whole bunch of other sex-toys and a bottle of lube lived in Abby's bedside table. Since she didn't have her lube with her, Abby spread her legs obscenely wide and told Jordan to start eating. That should lube her up.
Jordan made his way down. It wasn't easy there were so many delicious distractions. There were two lovely cherry topped boobies, a firm tummy and a cute belly button adorned with its own diamond stud that slowed his trek down to Abby's pussy. Jordan sat back on his haunches so that he could take a good look at Abby's offering. It was hard to believe that his behemoth would fit in such a petite work of art. Jordan imagined that the pussy in front of him was a charcoal sketch and used his thumb to gently rub the edges of the masterpiece. He took special care at the fleshy top end of the (O'Keefe) drawing, never touching Abby's labial lips he smudged their periphery and imperceptibly opened her cleft. Jordan moved his hands under Abby, one hand on each bun and then got to business. With his tongue out he moved his head so that his tongue followed the same path his thumb had taken seconds before. Up the right side of Abby's pussy, just barely touching her outer labial lip, then he moved his head back and forth so his tongue explored the fleshy headlands located just above her clit cave, before his head moved down tantalizing the left side of Abby's pussy and finally coming to her anal crack, which he briefly visited. Changing techniques Jordan then bathed Abby's pleasure palace with long languid licks, letting his tongue do the work, lavishing her labia with his liquid love, but ignoring the entrance of her cock slot and her clitoris.
Abby held back her head, her eyes were closed while her hand was running circles around her nipples. Jordan was an excellent pussy-pleaser, he was patient, tender and teasing. And he had shut-up about his mother, things were looking up. Just a little more lube and she would be riding his giant.
Jordan moved back to admire the work his tongue had done. He wet his pointer finger with the wetness supplied by both Abby's puss and his saliva, before using his finger to trace the sensitive skin around the gates of Abby's heaven. Then the finger leisurely entered Abby silky soft portal.
Abby's vagina gripped Jordan's finger, it was moving tantalizingly slow. Why did her own finger never feel so good. Abby started rocking her body to get more of his finger. She was setting the pace, Jordan's finger was barely moving. He added a second finger to open her fecund flower some more. Jordan's tongue joined the foray, focusing a sneak attack on Abby's clit. She cursed like a sailor and had her first orgasm - a little quake that foreshadowed future mega earthshattering tremors.
Jordan came up for a breather and offered Abby his two love-lotion covered fingers as a snack. She accepted and gave his fingers a passionate blow suck.
Abby was reminded of the last time she was with Jordan. His dick was the size of his two fingers and she effortlessly swallowed it all. Today she wouldn't even be able to accommodate his cockhead in her mouth, his cock was so huge. How could these two cocks be the same? Abby couldn't help herself she had a clear favorite, she loved this new big dick and while deepthroating Jordan's fingers she started to diddle her clit.
Jordan moved between Abby's legs so that her juiced-up cunt was rubbing against his thigh. His cock displaced her diddling fingers - it lay on her stomach and rested between her breasts. Abby rocked her pussy against Jordan's thigh. As she bucked up and down his beast slapped her boobies. Jordan let her have some fun with his thigh and his walloping dick - this was just the warm-up act. His big gun was charged and ready - it was waiting to enter Abby's well of pleasure. Jordan pinched Abby's nipples just as she approached a little pleasure peak, it pushed her over her edge, she had a second orgasm and lay back to get the most of it.
Jordan disengaged his leg from Abby's pussy, picked up his engorged cock and aimed it at Abby's pleasure portal. At first it was not granted entrance. The monster was not discouraged, Jordan lifted Abby's legs over his shoulders and moved the behemoth up and down Abby's cleft. His cockhead and peehole went snuffling around Abby's clit cave. That seemed to work,­­­ each time he brought his cock to Abby's portal it had opened a bit more, was more welcoming and slippery. Jordan knew that if he put a little weight behind his colossal dick the labial doors would open and it would gain entrance to the Abby's vaginal delights. But he was in no hurry. Jordan used his massive cock like a conductor's baton. He teased Abby's clit, unfolded her labia and even knocked on her ass' door with his cockhead (that surely frightened Abby, but Jordan had no intention of ripping poor Abby apart, he was just teasing).
Abby had enough of Jordan's cock teasing her juicy box, she waited for him to part her labial lips and play around at her ingress. She knew he wasn't going to enter, so she thrust herself forward, impaling herself on Jordan's obscenely large weapon. She had never had anything this large in her snatch before. In just seconds she knew that she was going to have a massive clitoral orgasm, the girth of Jordan's cock was so big that his dick was rubbing on her excited clit as it entered her inner core. In fact it was dragging her clit over the edge of her vagina into her pussy. Her pleasure button was stuck on full blast before Jordan even started stimulating her G-spot. Abby stopped impaling herself.
Jordan was having none of it, an inch of his cock was still visible when he looked down, it needed to go in. Jordan carefully, but firmly pushed it in, so that his whole cock was embedded in Abby's heaven. It felt wonderful, her warm, wet sheath gripped all of his dick - fully enveloped he stopped, looked Abby in the eyes and flexed his cock a few times.
That was all it took, Abby's pupils dilated, perspiration started forming above her upper lip, her chest went red and her nipples hardened. Jordan kept his cock in place, but rocked it up and down. Abby screamed and slammed her legs closed. She nearly broke his neck as she spasmed and came like she had never come before.
Jordan watched in awe. Sometimes he really loved this massive cock of his. When it worked it worked awesomely well. Pity it only got hard when he lied. Jordan kept his cock completely still. Abby was taking big gulps of air, each time she breathed in her boobs rose and then they dropped again - she had beautiful round breasts. Jordan waited for Abby's breasts to come to rest.
Now it was time for Jordan's fat fuckstick to get its relief. He started pistoning his steel cock into Abby's love tunnel, his train was picking up steam. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper he drove his cum-filled mega-cock. It felt so good he was oblivious of everything but the pressure building in his nuts. He didn't see Abby's expression alternate between pain, pleasure, exhilaration and a mixture of all three. He was unaware of the fact that Abby was racked by a series of achingly pleasurable orgasms that resulted in equal amounts of salty tears and slippery love juices. She in turn was torn between yelling at him to stop and begging him to continue. In the end she just whimpered.
Jordan increased his pace, all he felt was the building pressure in his groin. He felt a delicious pain centered in his cock that was making it's way from his testicles to his cockhead. He had to release the demon semen force. Each time he rammed his behemoth up Abby's love tunnel he was a step closer to release. The faster he pummeled his cock into Abby pussy the closer to release he got. However, it was too much stimulation for Abby's body. She fainted just as he jettisoned his load. Jordan barely had a moment to savor his release before he noticed that his partner was completely unresponsive. His dick shriveled and his post-ejaculational euphoria evaporated as he considered the possibility that Abby had had a heart attack. He had been so absorbed by his own cock and its all consuming lust and feeling of well-being that he never noticed when Abby became non-responsive. Had he fucked her to death? Would he be charged with "Man" slaughter? The newspapers would have a field day. Just as he was about to lose it Abby started to shiver and shake, she giggled weirdly and had a goofy smile on her face. Her body was unwinding through a series of small vaginal orgasms.
"Fuck that was good," she said and started snoring.
Chapter 16Monday 23rdday with erectile malfunction
Jordan woke up with Abby still lying naked next to him. It was a thrill to see her feminine body. He kissed her on the nose, she opened her eyes and smiled.
"Good morning. Thanks for the wake-up kiss." Abby said surreptitiously checking out his morning glory. It was a perfectly normal 6-inch erection.
"You have such a beautiful body. I could spend all day just looking at it." Jordan said to Abby. "A pity I can't stay here and do just that. It would be so much more fun than taking my computer science exam. If I had my way you would never put any clothes on again." These were heartfelt expressions of infatuation and lust on Jordan's behalf. Not a good move when the truth shrivels your cock.
Abby seeing his erection wilt before her eyes had her doubts about his sincerity. She didn't comment on it, and when Jordan went to the bathroom she got dressed and prepared some breakfast. Jordan drove her home and invited her to come to an end of semester party on Tuesday night. She was happy that he wanted to introduce her to his friends but could not rearrange her work schedule, so they finally agreed to go to the movies on Friday night, her night off this week. Abby was looking forward to sampling more of his massive manhood, it certainly hit all her spots and she was prepared to overlook his odd behavior if he put her back in that orgasmic trance she had experienced the night before.
The computer science exam was an online test. All the students were divided into two groups, each group went into a computer room where every student was assigned a computer.
Jordan could not finish the exam in time. At first he was very worried by this, but his concerns soon eased when he heard that everyone else in the class had problems finishing in the allotted three hours. He looked around for omniorgasmic Becky but never saw her.
One more exam left, the worst one, company law. Jordan went home and called Abby. He told her about his exam and about the body odor in the computer laboratory. He thanked her for getting Peter Tate's phone number and for the passionate night that prepared him for the exam. She was glad he didn't mention any of his old girl friends in the conversation. They both hung up satisfied with the way the conversation went.
Lunch and three hours of studying later Jordan called Peter Tate, his father's squash partner.
"Hi. This is Jordan Marshall, Jonathan's son. Abby at Café Afrika gave me your number."
"Hi, I have been expecting your call. I hear you want to talk about your father."
"Yes. My father told me that the two of you have been playing squash together for three years and that you have been going to Café Afrika for dinners afterwards. In the last few weeks of my father's life I was getting to know him a little more, I get the feeling that I only saw the side of my father my mother wanted me to see. My father told me that he was going to retire as President of the bank. Did you ever talk about that?" Jordan asked.
"Yes, he did tell me that. He told me that he had changed his outlook on life in the last two years and that he wanted to enjoy his life more."
"Do you think having the plane changed his outlook on life?"
"Now that you mention it, I have to admit that it's a good possibility. About the time he got the plane he became a lot more relaxed. I remember because before he got the plane he was very tense on the squash court, broke a lot of racquets and got very frustrated. After the getting the plane he was a lot more relaxed, never smashed his racquet and it was much harder to rattle his composure on court. It's when I started losing to him. I remember joking with him that flying must be better than sex. He always thought that was very funny." Peter's answer excited Jordan.
"Do you think it's possible that he wasn't joking, that he was flying to a mistress or lover somewhere? Please don't spare my feelings. I know my parent's marriage was on the rocks. I wouldn't be surprised, in fact I would be glad, if my father had a mistress somewhere."
"I had a suspicion that he was seeing someone. But before I tell you about it. Please promise to keep this between the two of us, Jordan. I don't want your mother to hear about it and get even more hurt than she must already be."
"I promise I won't tell my mother. I just want to find out more about my father, I might go and talk to his lover if I can find her, but I certainly won't tell my mother," Jordan solemnly promised.
"Okay. Your dad and I flew to New Haven twice, we watched the Yale invitational squash tournament. The first year we stayed in the same hotel, had dinner together, went to see a film together and watched some games. The second year I didn't see that much of your father, besides the times we went to watch some games. One of the nights I went to dinner with some friends, we went to a small restaurant in Branford, which is on the outskirts of New Haven and bumped into your father. He was having dinner with a woman, I would not have given it a second thought if he had not looked so sheepish when he saw me."
"Please could you describe her and tell me anything else you can remember," Jordan asked while pacing around in his room.
"Hmm, I guess she must have been in her mid-forties. She had shoulder length brown curly hair, very curly. I remember a big smile and red lips. Her clothes were loose fitting clothes and I overheard her tell the busboy that she was from New London. I have to confess I was intrigued when I saw them and tried to listen to what they were saying. I am afraid I don't remember much. What I do remember is that her name is Megan, that she is from Georgia and was married to a very jealous and controlling husband. I also got the impression that she may have worked at an airport."
"My father regularly flew to the Groton/New London airport perhaps that is where they met. Do you remember how tall she was?" asked an excited Jordan.
"I would guess she was about five foot ten with an average figure. I don't think she was skinny or overweight. I have got to go and pick up my son from baseball. I hope this helps you, if I think of anything more I will call you."
Jordan was very excited. He had certainly learnt a lot about his father, but he really wanted to find out more about his father from the woman who probably knew more about him than his mother. He would have to go back to New London and find her. He just wasn't sure how he could do that. It was a problem that would have to wait at least another day before he could work at it, right now Jordan had to concentrate on studying for his company law exam.
Chapter 17Tuesday 24thday with erectile malfunction
Jordan studied all morning and thought he was ready for the exam. Once again he was early for the exam. He felt there was nothing to be gained from studying anymore so he watched his fellow students. It was a fairly small class of forty odd students. Some were frantically studying, some were nervously questioning each other, while others were calmly chatting. Ten minutes before the exam was due to start the doors to the class room where the exam was to be held opened. People started to go in and find their seats. Jordan found his and checked out his surroundings. No one he knew well was sitting close to him. A teaching assistant Jordan had never seen before handed out the exams and went to sit at the desk in the front of the class. There the TA picked up his Carl Hiaasen novel and started to read. He was so engrossed in his book that he sometimes laughed out loud disturbing all the students taking the exam.
Jordan was nearly done with the exam when he felt someone tugging on his sleeve. It was the girl sitting next to him. She smiled at him and passed him a note. It said, "do you know the answer to questions 6?" Jordan looked at the teaching assistant but he was so busy reading that he wouldn't have noticed if Jordan got up, masturbated in front of the class. Since he happened to know the answer to the question, he wrote it down and passed the note back. Jordan's pocket rocket misread his anxiety, cheating and guilt for a lie and readied itself for take-off. Fortunately, he was nearly done with the exam and could complete it despite the fact that his brain had relocated to his penis. Getting up after the exam was complete was awkward, but no one noticed his difficulty. Everyone was glad the exam was over, for most of them it would be the last one. Jordan saw Tim and went to say hi. They had just started talking when the girl from the exam came up to them. She was brashly made-up with lots of eye-make-up, red lipstick and had bleached blonde hair.
"Hi. I am Samantha," said the blonde. "I just wanted to say thanks."
"What for?" asked Tim.
"Oh! He knows," smiled Samantha pointing at Jordan. She was about to leave when Tim asked her to come to his end of term party.
"Sure, what shall I bring?" Samantha asked.
"You don't need to bring a thing."
Samantha asked where the party was and promised to see them later that night. She was wearing a khaki colored overall and was extremely tanned. When she had told Tim that Jordan knew why she was thanking him his penis did its Pavlovian trick again. Guilt at cheating made his dick rise.
Noticing his minor growth Samantha winked at Jordan and asked "Will you be there?"
"Sure, I will be going."
"I will probably see you there then. Thanks again and bye," Samantha said. Leaving Jordan with his minor erection. She wasn't his type, too thin, tanned and bleached, but she did look cute in her overalls.
"Jordan, that girl wants your body. What is she thanking you for? Have you given her the pleasures of your Marshall manhood?" Tim asked him.
"No, it's nothing like that. You have a one-track mind. If you have to know, she asked me for the answer of one of the problems in the exam and I gave it to her. That's all it is."
"You lucky dog. I wouldn't mind if she came to thank me."
"You are a dirty pig. Go home and get your apartment ready for the party. I will see you later," Jordan said.
The erection he got from his guilt at cheating did not disappear. It wasn't urgent enough to require immediate action and he tried, fairly successfully to ignore it for most of the day. Jordan bought himself two six-packs of Sam Adams. He was going to celebrate the end of the semester by getting drunk and forgetting all about Veritas. A long bath and two beers prepared him for the party. At the end of the bath he briefly considered relieving the pressure in his penis, but didn't consider it worthwhile.
Samantha was also having a bath. She had broken up with her boyfriend four weeks ago. They used to have sex at least once a day. The sex had been the only good part of their relationship. He was an inconsiderate and useless idiot in all other aspects of life. Samantha did not miss him at all, she just missed the sex. Somehow masturbation just never got Samantha all the way to an orgasm. It just excited her. The ex-sex-machine had kept her pudenda clean shaven while they were an item. Out of habit Samantha shaved herself in the bath, when she was done she washed off the shaving cream with the hand held shower attachment. It felt awfully good. Samantha spent four minutes washing away the shaving cream. Twice she came very close to that elusive orgasm. She needed help. Jordan wasn't her type but he would do. He had a decent body and unless she was mistaken he seemed interested in her, she had seen some action in the cock-area . Samantha put on her panties, a white tank top and a new blue jean overalls.
The party was already humming when Jordan got there. He made his way to the kitchen where he deposited all his beers, except the one that he opened and kept for himself. A group of students from his company law class were standing around the kitchen table talking about the exam. One of them saw Jordan and recognized him.
"Hey, Jordan. What did you think of today's exam?"
"It was okay, I guess. I don't know how I did. I am just glad it's over," Jordan said desperately hoping that they would change the subject.
"Is your girlfriend here?" asked one of the girls.
"She has to work tonight."
"That's a pity I really enjoyed talking to her last time. Her research on lying is so interesting." Jordan did not recognize the girl at all, he had thought she was asking about Abby, not Barbara.
"Yes, it's fascinating. Unfortunately, it also takes up a lot of her time. I will tell her that you asked about her. Sorry I have to go and find Tim," Jordan said (lying) to the girl as he left the group with a throbbing sensation in his boxer shorts. He didn't find Tim, instead he bumped into Samantha.
"Hi. How are you doing? I am glad you could come," Jordan said to Samantha.
"I am fine. I would feel a bit better if I had a beer though."
"Mine's nearly done. Let's go to the kitchen and get some more." Jordan had seen Barbara's friend leave the kitchen and knew it was safe to go back. Samantha didn't know the way to the kitchen so Jordan led her through the crowd. He opened their beers. They toasted and wished each other good exam grades.
"Thanks for helping me out during the exam. I checked your answer when I got home. It was correct. I would probably have failed without your help."
"No problem."
"You looked so surprised when you got my note during the test. Have you ever cheated before?"
Jordan's answer was a reflex reaction. As soon as he said it he knew it was the wrong answer. "No," he said and at least half a beer bottle worth of blood made its way down to his penis where it filled all the remaining space in the spongy tissue of his pocket rocket.
"Are you serious?" Samantha asked. Jordan considered backtracking and confessing that of course he had cheated before, but decided not to because he was enjoying the warmth his sexual apparatus was generating.
"Yes, you seduced me into a life of crime and dishonesty."
"You are making me feel so guilty. Corrupting an innocent youth like you."
"Just because I haven't cheated before doesn't mean I am innocent." They flirted and spoke with each other for two more beers, before Samantha asked the all important question.
"Do you have a girlfriend?"
"No, we broke up a few weeks ago."
"Why?"
"She is in grad school and was spending all her time working. She was more interested in her research than in sex." (Lies, they broke up because Jordan had cheated). By now the blood pressure in Jordan's penis had increased so much that some drops of lubrication were forced out of the tip of his member. The pre-come originated in Jordan's Cowper's glands, which are located on either side of the urethra below the prostate gland. Jordan was happy with his answer because it also sent the message to Samantha that he was a man interested in sex. "What about you, do you have a boyfriend?"
"No, my boyfriend and I broke up four weeks ago. He was a complete idiot. He was always late, left my apartment in a mess, stole my money and always missed the toilet bowl when he pee'd. The only thing he was good for was sex. I do miss having a good man in bed."
The longer they spoke to each other the more obvious it was to both of them that despite the fact that they didn't have much in common, it was inevitable that they were going to exchange bodily fluids.
Jordan had nearly consumed a six pack of Sam Adams and was bursting to go to the bathroom. He excused himself and weaved through all the people. There were two people waiting in front of him at the bathroom, Jordan waited his turn clenching his buttocks in an attempt to keep the urine where it belonged. When it was his turn he opened the door and went in. Just as he was about to close the door behind him, Samantha snuck in with him. Jordan had to go very urgently and there was no one else waiting. So rather than make a fuss he let Samantha come in with him. It was very embarrassing he had not peed in front of a person of the opposite sex since he left grade school. To make matters worse he had a raging erection and would never get a tenth of his urine in the toilet if he stood. The many beers pressurizing his bladder won over his modesty and Jordan dropped his pants and his underwear. His penis was standing at attention, if he pee'd now he would get a nostril full of wee. The only way to deal with the situation was to sit down on the toilet bowl, shift back as far as he could on the bowl and point his penis (currently measuring 7.5 inches) down as far as he could without breaking it off at the shaft. He succeeded and blissfully relaxed his bladder. Samantha watched the whole proceeding with an amused and impressed glint in her eyes. Fuck, that was a big cock, she thought.
"I have never seen that before, it makes me glad I am a woman."
"You won't believe what a hassle a penis like this can be," Jordan answered squeezing the last few drops out of a still very erect penis.
As he pulled up his underwear and jeans Samantha said, "Watch this," and proceeded to undo the bottom of her overalls, she took off her panties and squatted on the toilet bowl, balancing a foot or two above it. Jordan was astounded, stunned, speechless and turned on. Samantha was proudly squatting, displaying her clean shaven vaginal lips and spraying piss into the bowl. Someone knocked on the door, Samantha didn't blink an eye. "I am quite the exhibitionist. If you want to fuck me with that massive cock now, I am game. Those people outside can wait."
Jordan was immensely turned on. The thought appealed to his cock, but somehow he managed to turn down the very appealing offer.
"Pity" she said wiping herself dry and buttoning up the bottom of her overalls.
Samantha's previous boyfriend had loved the bathroom piss play, she hoped Jordan appreciated it. He was still sporting a ginormous hard on so she presumed he must have liked the show. Samantha took a very erect and astonished Jordan by the hand and led him out of the bathroom. Jordan's jeans hid nothing and his erection was visible to everyone waiting in line. The guilt and embarrassment just turned his LIE gene on more and made him harder yet.
Samantha would have been amused to know that piss play is a very important part of the elephant's sex life. Male elephants are constantly checking the female's urine to see whether they are in heat. They stroke the female's genitalia with the tip of their trunk, before placing their trunk on the vomeronasal organ, a specialized organ in the roof of the male elephant's mouth. In 1996 it was found that one whiff of (Z)-7-dodecen-1-yl acetate in the feminine urine gives the elephant an erection and the urge to mount the female. The sex phermone (Z)-7-dodecen-1-yl acetate can be synthesized in the lab and applied to an elephant's vomeronasal organ, fooling it into producing an erection.
"Let's go to my apartment. It's a mess but I promise will fuck your brains out," Samantha said. She was delighted to discover Jordan had come with a large SUV.
"That's quite a car you have there, my boy," Samantha commented giving his penis a good squeeze through his jeans.
"Have you ever had sex in it?"
"No," lied Jordan adding even more substance to his very impressive boner.
"Well then it's high time you do," Samantha said getting into the back of the SUV and removing her overalls. Jordan hurriedly slipped in and closed the door. The car was parked in a quiet road, the windows were slightly tinted and the seats were high enough that someone would have to make an effort, a small one admittedly, to see in. But he was beyond caring, his erection was running the show and Samantha's clean shaven honey pot sure looked sweet..
"Come lover boy, let's see if we can put that boner of yours to use," Samantha said starting to take off his jeans. She was horny, she needed a fuck and that massive hard cock she had seen in the bathroom was very tempting - it was big and solid. Sam took off her own panties, bra and T-shirt. She was completely naked, anybody walking by the car could see her boobs, ass and naked pussy. The contrast between her tanned skin and bright white privates drew Jordan's eyes to her goods. He placed his cock at the entrance of Samantha's cleanly shaved pussy. There was to be no foreplay. The combination of Jordan's hard cock and her exhibitionist streak had Samantha soppily wet. She was leaking in the back of the gold Lexus SUV. Jordan inserted his cock. Samantha was accommodating, it felt so good. Despite the contortions his body had to undertake in the SUV he was off to the races - pounding Samantha's smooth pussy. Jordan came rapidly, fortunately he wasn't leaving Samantha waiting for more - she had been so cock-needy and Jordan's cock was so large that she came after just a few strokes and was perfectly satisfied...for now.
Jordan had barely pulled his pants back on and his erection was back. Samantha saw it and was hopeful that she would be fucked again by the end of the night.
Samantha had a small apartment. It was barely big enough for the two of them and Jordan's erection. Jordan undressed Samantha and got to admire her clean shaven vagina and tan from very close up. She went from dark brown to lily white in a nanometer. It looked as if she was wearing a skin white bikini. Her breasts were white fried eggs placed strategically on her bronzed skinny chest with nipples that were brown bullets. Jordan moved down and feasted on her milky white exposed labia. He got a taste of stale sex, but didn't mind as it was his own come and he was supper horny.
Samantha had her second release of the night. "That was good, but I need more. I need a hard pounding with your big fucking cock."
She switched off the lights, went to look out of the window. With her nipples pointing at the pedestrians below she presented her skinny ass to Jordan.
"Take me now!"
Between the lies and guilt about cheating (on Abby, not the exam) his dick had grown to respectable 8 inches. He held Samantha by her hips and drove his cock into her awaiting pussy. Samantha had her hands up against the window steading herself against the onslaught of Jordan's cock.
She expressed her enjoyment vigorously and vocally.
"Fuccccck! My cunt is so full. I can't take it anymore I am going to come." That was the aim of the whole exercise Jordon thought to himself and sped up a little.
"Fuck! Stoppp!!! I just came! No more."
Jordan slowed down and watched the pedestrian's walking on the Boston streets four floors down. If only they could see what was happening above them. He slapped Samantha's skinny white ass and slowly started moving his cock in and out of Samantha's tight vagina. All the women he had fucked since Barbara had had fantastic warm, loving pussies, even his mother and Edith their housekeeper, perhaps that was because of the dimensions of his dick or perhaps the LIE gene was making him super horny and indiscriminate. The thought didn't get much traction because Jordan was feeling the pressure in his balls building-up and he could see that Samantha was having a series of orgasms. Her whole body was twitching, she was moaning and groaning, and then she disengaged herself from his dick. She turned on the lights and started masturbating Jordan's donkey cock. Silhouetted by the light, he stood stretched out, standing on his tippy toes until she made him come all over her face and bleached hair.
For Samantha it had been a multiorgasmic romp, Jordan's cock did not disappoint, she would have to figure out a way to make his big dick a regular visitor to her grotto.
Jordan had never had as much sex before and he wasn't very happy about it. Veritas was ruling and ruining his life. He had enjoyed his times with Becky, Kate and Samantha, but wished he hadn't had sex with any of them. The only good thing about the whole situation was that now with Samantha fresh in his mind he was assured a guilt erection with the Abby. But at what a price. Jordan got dressed and drove home. He was no more than two blocks away from Samantha before his erection subsided. Once his brain could work again Jordan wondered if Veritas had induced some type of human musth in him.
For a month each year male elephants have increased levels of testosterone making them sex-crazed. Musth is a very wet and smelly state. In young teenage males a secretion with a honey like aroma is emitted from the temporal glands. The secretion is often mistaken for tears as the temporal gland is located next to the eyes of the elephant. The smell signals the elephant is ready to enter the mating game, but is not ready to fight for dominance or mates. As the elephant matures the smell changes. A bull in its mid-twenties emits a secretion with a skunk cocktail pong when it is in musth. At the height of it's virility an elephant in musth will also leak gallons of liquids from it's penis. The purpose of the leaky facet is unknown. The elephant looses a lot of liquids and is more susceptible to infection, so it doesn't seem like a good idea. Some even get an algal growth on their penis, giving it a green sheen, this is known as green penis syndrome amongst the elephant experts and could be a signal to the females that the elephant is a tough stud elephant. He has survived the dangers of rot and can afford to spend his whole day boinking and drinking water to replenish the fluids lost from his leaky penis. Jordan felt as if he had green penis syndrome.