A trip to the optician has a surprising outcome...A short story...
I hated going to get my eyes tested. I had worn contact lenses for about 5 years now, which meant an annual eye test. I had had a few issues so was taking care and ensuring I looked after my eyes, so here I was again back in the opticians.
After an initial discussion with the sales lady, I waited for my physical test from the optician on site.
He came out of his small dark room and called my name. I stood and smiled and followed him into the examination room.
I sat in the chair while he made small talk. He then put the heavy eye measuring apparatus in front of my face and sat in front of me asking various questions about which views were clearer. "Left eye or right eye?" - all that kind of stuff!
Bored and alone with my thoughts, I constructed a fantasy where the older optician would be staring at my breasts the other side of the apparatus.
What fun It would be if I was wearing sexy lingerie and a short skirt to tease him with!
I was sure he was taking his time and trying to get a good view of me, but I had not come prepared. Still, I kept my eye on him and was 50/50 whether or not he was trying to get a good view of me or not, he was certainly taking his time!
The examination ended and I went out to the sales area to but yet more expensive glasses. I thanked them and left, wondering if one day I might be able to manipulate the situation...
I had forgotten all about it until my examination was due a year later.
As I remembered my thoughts about the previous years examination, I decided to wear clothes that would enable the optician to get a good view if he wanted one.
So I wore a white and pink push up bra, it made my breasts stand up and it was also half sheer. This meant that if I was feeling right, my nipples would push their way to the front. On top of this a long sleeve white t-shirt with a plunging neck-line, covered with a light mac which I did up completely to hide my clothes.
I tried on a couple of skirts and a pair of suit trousers to see what would work. But in the end I decided that I either go for it or I don't. So a very short black miniskirt it was!
Underneath, I put on a pair of tiny white panties. but I thought again - and removed them!
I made my way to the shop, completely covered by my long light brown mac, which never gave any clue to the length of my skirt.
After an initial discussion (and refused offers to take my coat!) from the sales lady, I waited patiently for my examination.
After about 10 minutes, I was invited into the small dark office, I was delighted to see it was the same optician and I started to flirt straight away.
When he asked me if I would like to get comfortable and remove my coat, I smiled and said "Only if you are sure."
"Of course Miss, please make yourself comfortable" he replied.
I was very vulnerable behind these apparatus and could see he was taking his time. It certainly never usually went on this long.
He was clearly fixating on my breasts and My see through bra, so he could also see a perfect view of my nipples, both of them. Also the full round size of my breasts.
In the position I was in, I relaxed and enjoyed being stared at.
I opened my legs a little so that he could have a good view of my thighs. He immediately adjusted his position, clearly to get a better look.
I decided I would increase the attention and tried to push my breasts out further. I could feel my nipples hardening and hoped he would notice. He was mumbling through the questions when he asked, "so which is better left or right?"
I answered, "I was going to ask you the same question."
"I'm sorry?" He asked.
"Well if you're not staring at my breasts that have come a little shall we say more visible, since we started, then I'd be a little disappointed."
"I can assure you that I am strictly professional and am just carrying out the examination as required miss." He lied!
I reached below and stroked his thigh.
"Fancy a quick blow job?" I asked.
"Miss I think you have misunderstood..."
I interrupted him, "call me Beth. Oh come on, let's be quick before someone else needs to see you.
With that he stood and undid his belt.
"That's better, " I said, and he came towards me and unzipping his trousers he released his growing cock and pushed it up to my mouth.
He moved the apparatus away so that I could access him and I put my left hand under his balls to release them so that I could get better access to take his full cock into my mouth.
As I sucked on him he squeezed my breasts, I took them out so he could get a better feel of them.
It wasn't long before he told me he was about to cum.
The dirty old doc then said. "Oh that's so fucking good, I'm gonna shoot my spunk right down your throat. Fucking suck it. Suck it harder you dirty slut."
With that a torrent of cum poured into my mouth. He held my head and fucked it, making it hard to keep the cum in my mouth.
"That's it. Take it, take it all, fucking swallow it." He moaned as he filled me with cum.
I gulped his cum down and looked up at him smiling.
The mild mannered doctor returned. He put himself away and carried on with his paperwork. Issuing me my prescription he said, "here you go Beth, we'll see you again next year."
On the other side of the prescription was his mobile phone number.
I turned it over and said. "So when should I call this number doctor?"
"Call it tomorrow morning and you can drop in here before the staff arrive. But only if you want your ass to get a good fucking."
To the point!
"See you in the morning Doctor."