Out of everything Henry had expected when he arrived home early, from work, this was the last! He continued to watch, knowing he'd already been seen, but that didn't matter. He was far too intrigued to leave.
Finally, the other man noticed Henry watching, but he didn't stop. Instead, the other man looked directly at Henry while the woman underneath moaned his name. The other man kept thrusting while he kept eye contact with him. Henry could see the other man's thick cock pumping in and out of his wife's pussy, but he couldn't look away. He should've looked away, he should've backed out and left, but he couldn't. His gaze never fell from the other man pounding into his wife's pussy. Henry could feel his pants tightening. The reaction he'd had was secondary.
The other man pulled all of the way back, letting Henry get a good look at his monster head and huge cock before he thrust it back inside of her pussy, making his wife cry out.
"Argh! Please! Please, don't stop!" she howled.
The other man smiled and looked at Henry as if to say, 'She's never been this satisfied with you, has she?' Another cry knocked Henry out of his thoughts as she was practically crying as she met him thrust for thrust.
"It feels so good! Harder, please! Please! Oh, fuck, I'll do anything you want!" she cried out.
************
She'd never begged like that with me! What was this man doing to her? Our marriage had always been a good one and, while I hadn't been the best in bed in the beginning, she'd coached me by telling me what to do. Soon after I became a master, knowing exactly where to touch her and how to eat her out, my mannerisms elicited her cries, easily. Our sex was mind blowing! She'd cry out and grip me, tight, with her legs wrapped around me...begging for my cum!
************
A slapping sound forced him from his thoughts. The other man grinned at Henry. He had slapped her ass, leaned over his wife's ear and began speaking.
"Do you like this, Baby? Do you like my cock inside of your pussy?"
Questions ran through Henry's mind and his entire body tightened as he waited for her answer. Was he not good enough? Not big enough? Not skilled enough? He'd followed her instructions. He'd thought everything was OK. He'd thought everything she'd taught him had made him good enough for her.
"Oh, yes, Baby! I love your cock! Please, fill my pussy!"
Henry's breath hitched. They'd been trying for a baby for almost a year. Was this guy going to cum inside of her without any protection? Didn't she care? Hell, she seemed turned on by it. She was writhing around and moaning like he'd never seen her act before.
Still, he couldn't turn away and the other man continued to watch Henry, grinning and seemingly daring him to stop them but Henry couldn't move...he was glued into place. His cock was so hard, he couldn't leave if he'd wanted to. His hand drifted down to the top button of his jeans as he desperately wanted to touch himself, but didn't. What would it mean if he did?
The other man continued to look at Henry and leaned down to her ear, again.
"Baby, I want to cum deep inside of your pussy, so bad, and put a baby inside of you. Please, say yes. I'm going to cum inside of your pussy, anyway, but I want you to beg me."
Henry couldn't stand it anymore! His hand gripped the top of his jeans and peeled them down so he could grab his cock. The other man watched Henry, knowingly, and continued pushing his cock deep into the pussy of Henry's wife.
"Yes! Please, cum deep inside of my pussy! Give me your baby! Please, I want all of your cum deep inside of me," she cried out, thrusting against him.
That's all Henry needed! He watched as the other man kept thrusting deep into his wife's pussy, but her words had already driven Henry over the edge. Finally, Henry cried out, not caring if they heard him, as his cum slattered the door of the room his wife and her lover were currently occupying.
He kept watching while, and after, he'd cum. He needed to see what was happening on the bed. Was the other man going to cum inside of her pussy? The other man's thrusting changed and became wilder and his breathing was more hitched. Finally, the other man cried out as he started cumming deep inside of her pussy and thrust into her three more times before he collapsed on top of her. After a few minutes, the other man pulled his cock out and looked towards the door, grinning, as he lovingly stroked the woman's head.
"Was that OK"? the other man asked, almost sheepishly.
"I thought maybe I was going too far," he added.
Henry, walked over to the bed, from by the door.
"Not at all, Dad! That was hot and I'm sure Jess agrees!"
Henry grinned at his wife who was still laying on the bed, under his dad. She peeked up through the arm she'd tossed over her face.
"Absolutely amazing! I'm trying to recover, but when can we do this, again? Can we, maybe, include your brother, too?" she said, grinning.