Janet put on her skimpiest bikini, a white one that showed off her tan as well as her toned body. She headed out to the backyard pool to get some sun. She wasn't sure she'd like the pool when she and her husband Derek bought the house several years ago, but turned out to love it, spending many Saturdays out there relaxing. The pool deck took up most of the small area, surrounded by a six-foot privacy hedge that bordered the yard. It was Janet's little oasis. The houses in the neighborhood were fairly close together and the one to left of Janet and Derek was set back a little further from the street. As a result, there was a second floor window that had a direct view of the pool.
Janet lay back on the poolside lounge chair, peeking up from under her sunglasses at the window next door. She was not surprised to see their new neighbor, Tim, looking out. Tim and his wife Courtney had moved in a couple of months ago and had been over a few times. They were young newlyweds and friendly. Janet and Derek enjoyed socializing with them. But a couple of weeks ago, Janet noticed Tim would watch her from the window as she lay by the pool. She said nothing; he would be mortified and besides, she got a little thrill out of being on display.
On this day Janet decided to take it up a notch. She rolled over onto her stomach, reached back and undid her bikini top. Tim was transfixed, watching her lay there sunning her bare back and perfect ass which was hardly covered by the tiny bikini bottom.
"C'mon, roll over!" Tim said to himself, as he started to get hard. After what seemed like an eternity to Tim, Janet slowly turned over, leaving the top on, but letting it hang untied, torturing Tim. She knew exactly what she was doing. Without turning her head, Janet stole another peek up from under her sunglasses and could see Tim still giving his full attention. "Ok, I've been cruel enough" she thought, and removed her top, laying on her back and giving Tim a full view of her now almost naked body. This was making Janet a little wet herself and she upped the ante by untying the strings on each side of the bottom and laying them across the small patch of fabric that covered her crotch.
Tim's hand was now in his pants as Janet put lotion on her breasts, moving slowly, lingering over her nipples. She had to hold back a smile thinking about her audience of one as she worked in the lotion. Janet's hand ran down to the untied bottom, her fingers sliding underneath the small white triangle through her neatly trimmed bush. She played with herself for a bit, hornier than ever knowing she was being admired. Tim thought he might pass out and slowed down to keep things going, he never wanted this show to end.
Derek, having just returned home, strolled out into the backyard in his swimsuit. Janet was startled and pulled her hand up quickly, which flipped the untied bottom off and left her completely naked.
"Taking a little "me" time?" Derek said with a smile. "Don't let me stop you. As a matter of fact, I'd like to see you finish." He sat down in a chair next to her.
"I'm drawing a crowd here..." Janet said. Seeing Derek's puzzled look she quietly explained. "Don't turn around and look, but Tim's been watching from his house since I came out here. In fact, he's been peeping for the last couple of weeks. I figured the least I could do was give him a little something to see."
This did not bother Derek, he liked showing off his wife. In their 15 years of marriage they had found plenty of sexual adventure. He was reminded of games they played where she would sit at a bar in a short skirt, hiking it up and seeing how many guys would stop to look as she ran a hand up her thigh over her crotch. All while Derek watched from across the bar. Or the time they went to a strip club and Janet got on stage with one of the dancers, stripping down to her panties. They got kicked out, but it was worth it. All in all, their sex life was never boring.
"Oh boy." Janet said under her breath, her sunglasses still hiding where she was looking. "Courtney just walked in." Janet gave the Derek the play by play since he couldn't turn around to look without giving away that they knew they were being watched. "Courtney doesn't appear upset. They're both looking at us now."
Derek considered this for a second, and then said, "You're laying here completely naked, and I'm just sitting here. I need to protect my reputation if the neighbors are watching. Roll over." Derek picked up the lotion bottle. Janet flipped onto her stomach and Derek started to rub lotion on her shoulders and upper back. One hand remained on Janet's shoulder as the other caressed her lower back, then down over that sweet ass. Derek worked down the backs of her thighs as she let out a soft moan. His hand moved to the inside of her thigh and started back up. He reached her now soaked pussy and just let his fingers rest there for a moment, prompting Janet to move her legs apart and raise her hips a little to welcome his fingers.
Derek slid a finger into her and got another moan, a little louder this time. He ran his hand in small circles over her throbbing clit, then moved his hand back up over her ass. Janet, now almost delirious with lust, turned onto her side and started to undo his trunks.
"Are they still there?" Derek asked.
"Yes, and I don't think they're going anywhere." Janet said after taking a quick peek.
Tim and Courtney now had their clothes off. From the angle of the window, Janet could only see them from the chest up. Courtney appeared to be sitting in Tim's lap as he ran his hands over her. Both of them still staring down at Janet and Derek.
Janet finished pulling off Derek's trunks, then leaned over and took his hard cock into her mouth. She worked her tongue around the tip, lapping and sucking. Now it was Derek who moaned. Derek had his hands everywhere on Janet's body he could reach while she devoured him. After a few minutes, she moved onto all fours, giving the neighbors a clear view of her backside. Derek moved around behind Janet and rested his cock on the crack of her ass, slowly sliding back and forth, still wet from her mouth. He gently pushed the tip against her pussy, asking, "Are you ready to get fucked?"
"Yes" came the reply, almost a whimper as Janet rocked her hips back into Derek's stiffness. He slid into her effortlessly, and Janet moaned again. Derek was now taking her from behind, both of them even hornier knowing that they were being watched.
What Janet and Derek could not see was that Tim and Courtney were taking full advantage, with Courtney vigorously jerking Tim off as he fingered her. Tim couldn't believe his good fortune. Just a few moments ago his wife had walked in and caught him, cock in hand, watching the nude sunbathing neighbor. But instead of being angry, Courtney was very turned on. Without a word between them, she took over for Tim and started stroking his cock. As Derek and Janet started going at, Tim's fingers found Courtney's pussy.
Derek now had Janet on her back, her legs up on his shoulders as he thrust deep into her. Mindful that this was a performance of sorts, Derek pulled out and worked his mouth down Janet's neck, tasting her sweat as he tongued her nipples and continued on down her body. Janet spread wide and lifted her legs in anticipation. He thrust his tongue into Janet's pussy, working back up and around her clit as she put a hand on the back of his head and gently pressed him down. After eating her for a while, Derek moved his tongue lightly down to the soft skin just above her puckered pink asshole. He stayed right here for a few minutes, teasing Janet by flicking his tongue around the rim until she couldn't handle it anymore.
"Do it. Please." She begged though heavy breaths. Derek pressed his tongue directly onto her hole, pushing it in and exploring her ass. Janet reached a hand down and stroked herself, now crazed with desire. Crazed by her own fingers, crazed by her husband worshipping her ass with his tongue, but maybe most of all - crazed by the thought of people watching her completely open naked body perform the most intimate acts.
Derek moved back up now, his cock sliding against Janet's body on the way. He put a hand on each of her thighs, holding her open as he moved forward onto her. She now felt the tip of his erection pressing against her where his tongue had been moments ago. Janet gasped as Derek plunged forward and fucked her ass. Still fingering herself, she put her wet fingers to his mouth so he could taste her some more, and he sucked and licked at her fingers. Janet went back to work on herself, then put her fingers into her own mouth, which really got Derek going. He was holding her legs up to get deep inside her ass, pushing in and out. Janet couldn't hold back anymore and came hard, her body jerking with orgasm. Derek, now past the point of no return, pulled out and held his cock over Janet's open mouth. Thinking of their audience, Janet nodded to Derek and he let go, shooting his cum onto her lips and tongue. She grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him down kissing him hard, both of them now tasting his warm semen along with her juices. They collapsed together on the lounge chair getting their breath back. "Wow" was all Derek could muster.
As Derek and Janet finished, Tim and Courtney both came. Courtney bucked against Tim's hand as he spurted out over her grip. They sat back, still processing what they saw. They had always had a good sex life, but this was a whole new world. Courtney couldn't believe how easily she took to voyeurism. This random afternoon event had awakened a beast inside her. She and Tim had some exploring to do.
Janet and Derek never let on that they knew about the window as the couples maintained their friendship. And on warm afternoons when Janet and Derek headed out to the pool, Courtney would take Tim's hand and head to their private viewing spot.