When I saw Mr. Wallace walk onto the stage and make a bee-line to my wife, I could guess what he whispered to her.
Cindy smiled at her lover and finding me in the audience among the 75 vendors and 120 co-workers, she winked at me.
I winced in my seat in the middle of the crowd. This was a bidders' conference for a multi-million-dollar contract and drew both the interested and the curious.
Cindy sat at the center folding table; one of three 6-foot-long tables set up on the stage. Mr. Wallace had assembled those who had prepared the contract specifications and the contracting officers to respond to questions by the interested bidders.
With no privacy panel to protect the women from giving the audience a peep under their dresses, the other three women on the stage wore slacks. Cindy had worn one of her shortest skirts.
It was planned. Mr. Wallace had basically made my wife his puppet. There was nothing he told her to do that she wouldn't. No, that handsome, rugged, manly man had my wife and I wrapped around his middle finger and today, he wanted everyone to know that.
Especially me.
Having recused himself from the contract in all other aspects other than putting together the team, Mr. Wallace joined those of us in the audience and sat up front in the middle. His usual entourage, a coterie of ass kissing men and adoring women surrounded him.
Cindy spent last night with our boss, Mr. Wallace as his guest while he entertained some people in position to hire him in well-paying job when he retired from Government service in two years.
I knew that Mr. Wallace used Cindy for his sexual gratification. I also suspected he used her to entice those who had influence which could benefit him.
I'd been his co-worker, then employee for almost 5 years. I watched as he climbed the ladder of success. Mr. Wallace was no token black man. He had all the qualities required to survive in the highly political position the Senior Executive Service, (SES). From his modest grade of GS 14, Mr. Wallace used his brains, guile, and whatever else he found advantageous to improve his status.
I was impressed with his meteoric rise because he and I started together as GS 14's out of college. Back then, to me, he was Roland. As soon as he became my wife's lover, he became Mr. Wallace.
I had no issue going from friend to employee in his eyes. He deserved to be respected. And though he no longer considered me a friend, he did consider me an associate. That was enough for me. Basking in his praise and glowing evaluations, I not only assumed the role of subordinate, I relished it.
It was as equals that I introduced Cindy to Roland. Since he was single, I invited him to dinner at our house. This fact is important because we were still equals when he and Cindy began their "special" relationship.
I knew Cindy would appreciate Roland. He is a man's man. Tall, his 6' 4" body had the matching physique of an NFL linebacker. Broad shoulders, narrow waist, strong, sturdy trunks for legs, Roland was the complete package.
He was just as taken by my beautiful wife as she was with him. There was instant animal attraction between them, though I didn't think much about it at the time.
That would change quickly.
Cindy and Roland made small talk before, during, and after dinner, most of which was flirtatious banter laced with sexual innuendo and shared laughs.
Upon leaving, Roland shook my hand thanking me for a nice time. Then he took Cindy in a bear hug and told her how lovely she is and how he wished he'd met her before I did. The kiss lasted longer than it should have, I guess, but the damage was done. It would only be a matter of time before he claimed her for his own.
All Cindy could talk about the next few days was how nice Roland is, how big and strong, and so handsome he was. "He's so funny, johnnie. But at the same time, he is so damned sexy."
At work, Roland thanked me again for the dinner invite and spoke long and loud about how good-looking Cindy is. I guess I should have been insulted when he talked with me and others about how he'd like to put his cock in her. "Don't take this the wrong way, johnnie, but if I ever get the chance to introduce your wife to my big black cock, well, you know what they say."
But I didn't know what they say. But I would learn it the hard way.
A week later, Roland invited us out to dinner with him. He told us where to meet him and when we arrived, he was already seated.
I wore the same suit I had on at work. Cindy, she dressed for the occasion. Her tight skirt seemed molded to her body. The thing accentuated each curve, each crevasse. She knew she would turn heads in that outfit and she did.
Seeing Cindy and I, Roland stood like the gentleman he is and greeted my wife with another hug and another kiss. His back was to me but I thought I saw his hands drop below Cin's waist, and imagined that he was, right there in that restaurant, copping a feel of Cindy's nicely rounded bubble butt.
I was aware that they caused a spectacle and coughed, hoping to interrupt and break them apart. I heard Cindy sigh and knew Roland had indeed felt her bottom. My dick rose with the thought. I found it kind of arousing, Roland feeling my wife up in a public setting and I quickly sat before my erection became evident to the nosy onlookers.
All through dinner it was more of the same. Roland would be telling us about his experiences in college and Cindy would be touching his arm. He even took her hand in his once and held it under the table.
I was tempted to drop a spoon or something to see where he had her hand but thought the better of such an obvious ploy.
As it was, I could only sit by as Cindy gasped and looked at Roland with amazement.
"I told you," He said told her. "Believe me now, don't you?"
"I will never doubt you again, Roland," Cindy said in a husky voice.
It was a voice I'd heard her use when she was hot to trot. She'd use it when I was lapping at her pussy and nibbling on her clit.
It was not a voice she'd use when I was making love to her. I knew I wasn't the largest or thickest dick she'd ever had in her. She made it a point to tell me that the first time she saw me naked.
Apologizing for laughing, Cindy said that she didn't know they came in size petite. From then on, she'd have fun by humiliating my small penis.
She encouraged me to read about SPH and how it can either destroy a relationship or make it better. "It all depends on you, johnnie. How you deal with humiliation is the key. I love you and hope you learn to at least like being humiliated for your little, well... we can't call it manhood, now, can we?"
At first, my short comings would be something we kept private. Slowly, through the years of being sexually unsatisfied, Cindy would make snide remarks about my little dick when others were around.
The torment would usually begin with snide comments. Once Cindy began her assault on my little dick by bringing up a song she'd found on YouTube. "Have any of you heard the song, "Short People?"
Her girlfriends al shook their heads no.
Looking right at me, she grinned, "It goes, short people have no reason to live" Then grabbing my penis under the table, she added her version. "Some short people have no reason to fuck."
They knew what she was talking about and as their laughter filling the room, blood filled both my now little hard dick and my face. The embarrassment was exquisitely humiliating.
Once, after I showered, I came out of the bathroom naked. Cindy was there waiting. "Smile," she said taking a photo with her phone. She caught me at the appropriate time to catch my dick at its smallest. "My friends don't believe me," She said. "This will prove to them I wasn't lying."
"Cindy, honey, please don't show that. I'll never be able to face them again."
"Face them. Baby, wait until I have you pull your pants down and show them. Maybe I'll masturbate you, or let you tug on it while they watch. Wouldn't you just love that?"
She was right...... damn it. My dick responded the way she knew it would.
"Look at you. Even when you are begging me not to show this pic, you're hard. Be honest with yourself even if you can't be honest with me. You like the shame of having suck a pathetic excuse for a dick."
She was right again. I had no control over my penis. I can't explain it but I found the shame and the humiliation arousing.
"The shame and humiliation would crush a lesser man," she told me. "You handle it well, little man."
It was a nick name she'd use around family and friends. "But he can eat the hell out of a pussy," she'd laughing tell her girlfriends when showing them that photo.
Many times, Cindy would snuggle up to me in bed, reach inside my boxer shorts and tell me that she wished I had more than the pathetic 4" boner.
That's all it would take. Her touch made me hard. Her words made me cum. It was a game we'd play over and over.
But after dinner out with Roland, the rules of that game changed.
Now, instead of stroking my little guy, Cindy would grab my balls and squeezing, she'd whisper that Roland said he was going to fuck her and she wanted me to be there. "I want my little man to see how real man fucks his wife."
"I want my baby dick husband to see a cock, a real man's cock and how good it makes your wife feel. I want you to hear my moans, my groans, my screams when I cum all over that cock."
"I want Roland to see your tiny dick. I bet he'd laugh at it too. Go on, tell me. Tell me you'd like to show that big handsome man who wants to fuck me your meager hard-on."
She knew which buttons to push. She'd have me humping her hand and squirting my jism in no time.
Smirking, Cindy would wipe her cum covered hand on me and turn over and fall asleep. Well, that is unless she wanted to sit on my face and ride my mouth as she told me how big Roland's cock was. "I put my hand on it right in the restaurant, johnnie God, he's so big."
One evening, a few weeks after our dinner with him, I got home after work and saw Roland's vehicle in our driveway. I parked on the street and walked to the front door wandering why my friend was at my house.
They heard me open the door and I thought I saw them recovering from an embrace, as Cindy was straightening her long dress as I entered the living room.
"Roland, what a nice surprise. To what do we owe the honor of your company?"
"Get us a drink, johnnie and I'll tell you," he said.
I took off my suit coat and loosened my tie as I went into the kitchen to pour he and I a couple bourbons on the rocks.
Handing him the glass, I watched as he gave Cindy an inquisitive look.
She looked at me, smiled at him and said, "No time like the present."
"Directing me to a chair across from them, Roland took a swig of his cocktail and stood. Taking Cindy by her hand, they embraced and kissed. There was no guessing this time. Roland had her ass in both his large hands, squeezing and rolling her buttocks.
I wanted to say stop. I wanted this to end. I wanted to pull my already erect dick out and beat off.
Turning Cindy to face me, Roland stood behind her, nearly a foot taller. "johnnie, your wife needs what I have and you don't. You know what I mean, don't you little man?"
My face burned with embarrassment and shame. My dick throbbed knowing that Cindy had shared with him how small my penis is.
I nodded in response to the question.
His hands cupped Cindy's breasts through her dress as he continued addressing me. "What's going to happen is going to happen regardless of how it makes you feel. You can either accept the inevitable or leave for an hour or two. Understood?"
Again, I could only nod.
"I need to hear you say it, little man."
"I understand," I croaked.
"Just so there's no misunderstanding, tell me what's gonna happen?"
I swallowed hard. "Um, you're going to make love to my wife."
"Close," he chuckled. "We're going to fuck, in your house, in your bed."
Cindy giggled but was holding his hands to her breasts.
Her dress was long as I said. It buttoned from the neck to the bottom hem line. Cindy never buttoned it all the way down or all the way up though. It dawned on me that she hadn't expected Roland because that dress she was wearing was not the most flattering of those in her expansive wardrobe.
Both sets of eyes watched me as Roland began to unbutton her dress from the top. Slowly, her cleavage came into view, then the tops of her breasts. I could see then that she was not wearing a bra.
Roland opened her dress exposing her breasts. He had her dress unbuttoned down to her waist and took his time to become acquainted with my wife's very nice 34 D's.
Cindy mewled as Roland pulled and pinched her nipples. She had always wanted me to be a little rough with her. I'd try but it was just another thing I was unable to pull off
Cindy opened one more button just below her waist and let the dress fall to the floor, a puddle at her feet.
Smiling at me, she turned and face her lover. They kissed as Roland put his large dark hands on her pretty pink panties.
My breath was coming in short ragged gasps as I watched with growing lust.
Cindy unbuttoned Roland's shirt and then unfastened his belt. Looking up at him, I heard her say it's the moment of truth.
Letting his pants drop, Cindy looked down at which I could only surmise was his big black cock.
"Now this is a real man," she said as she knelt.
Roland turned to the side allowing me to see what my wife was doing. Cindy was holding in her little white hands what I could describe as a summer sausage. Roland's cock was a thing of beauty. Though Cindy had both hands on it. there was enough that I would see the deep purple head oozing pre-cum as she jacked it.
"What a nice cock. Oh, johnnie, he's so big, so much bigger than you," she said while rubbing his cock over her face. "God, how I've missed big black cocks."
That was a surprise to me. sure, I knew she had lovers while in college. She never mentioned that they were black. It wouldn't have mattered except that it might have made our mutual masturbation sessions more erotic.
Roland didn't tell her what to do next. He didn't have to. Although Cindy had never taken my dick between her lips, much less licked me, that's exactly what she did with Roland's cock.
I saw the tip of her tongue stabbing the weeping slit, tasting his essence before licking the length down to his big balls.
"Oh God," I moaned and came in my trousers.
Cindy stopped and looked at me as did Roland. When they realized what happened, both laughed loud and long.
Taking her damp panties off and going back to her work, Cindy made love to Roland's cock. I could hear her moaning as she fingered herself with one hand while she held his monster cock in the other trying to swallow as much as she could.
Roland sat back down as Cindy continued her oral assault on his cock. Every now and then she'd remember I was there and tell me that this is the cock of a real man. "Undress baby, show Roland what I've had to put up with."
When I hesitated, Roland came to her rescue. "You heard the lady, johnnie. Strip."
Cindy giggled hearing Roland order me to undress.
When he saw that I was taking off my clothes, Roland went back to enjoying Cindy's blow job. "That's it, baby. Suck it good. Show your man how much you like my cock."
I was mortified and aroused by the noises Cindy was making while slobbering all over that majestic example of manhood.
"Come over here, johnnie," Roland summoned me.
I went and stood beside my kneeling wife.
"No, stand here beside me so you can watch your wife sucking my cock."
I moved to the side of the couch and stood there almost trembling with lust. I knew if I even looked at my dick, I'd cum again.
I felt Roland's arm snake around my waist, his large hand holding my ass. "Get a good look, johnnie. Kneel down there and get a close up of the cock sucker you married."
I knelt and although Roland's knee separated me from my wife, I had a great view of her feverish attempts to swallow his cock.
Cindy's tiny white hand held his big black cock as she alternately sucked, licked and rubbed it all over her face. Her eyes were glazed over. Her face had the look of wanton lust. I got a sudden jolt seeing her wedding ring on the hand that held Roland's cock. The symbolism was not lost on me. At that precise moment, Cindy was married to that black cock.
"Come up here," Roland instructed my wife.
Cindy climbed up on his lap, hovering above his throbbing cock.
"Hold my cock, johnnie. Hold it up and aim it at your wife's cunt."
I scooted over and tentatively reached for his cock. It was hot and wet with Cindy's saliva. I could feel the power in it as I held it. "It's so big," I heard myself say as I began to jack it.
Cindy eased down with Roland holing her waist, her pussy slowly accommodating the huge phallus.
"Oh yeah," she sighed. "Your cock feels so good in me Roland. I love how full it makes me feel."
"You can let go now, johnnie," Roland said.
I was embarrassed that I was still clutching it as though I didn't want to let go.
"Go back to your chair, now," Roland ordered.
I'd never seen anything like it before. Roland held Cindy's round ass as she rose and fell on his cock. I heard her trying to talk but the sounds she was making was gibberish.
"Your wife has such a nice tight pussy, johnnie," Roland said emphasizing "wife". "Tell me baby, do you like my cock."
More gibberish flowed from my wife. I saw her quaking through multiple orgasms. I heard the pussy farts from Roland's cock completely filling her forcing out any air.
They fucked like that for nearly 30 minutes before my wife slumped against her lover, collapsing with exhaustion and still quivering through the mini-orgasms she was having.
What was most astounding was Roland hadn't cum yet. I admired his self-control and stamina wishing I was more like him.
Roland lifted my wife up and off his still hard cock. "Get me a refill," he said to me.
After the performance I witnessed, it was my pleasure to get him another drink.
"Thanks, man. I think I wore the bitch out," he chuckled tilting his head toward my wife who was curled up beside him.
As he took the drink from me, he looked at my straining boner. "Damn, son," he said. "You got the short end, didn't you?"
"Yes sir," I nearly groaned. Even Roland's remarks about my tiny dick had an effect on me.
"I like that, johnnie. I think you calling me sir is totally appropriate. It's good that you recognize me as the real man, here."
He was pushing all the right buttons that could make me cum without physical stimulation.
"Yes, sir," I shuddered trying to maintain my composure.
"You know she's going to want my cock again. She won't be able to go without it."
"I know," I said, already resigned to that fact.
"Good. I want you to understand that I do not have any desire to ruin your marriage. I will not take her from you...... well, maybe just her pussy," he snickered.
"But I don't expect problems from you. I don't want you running to the boss blabbing about me fucking your wife either."
"No, sir. I promise that won't happen."
"Great. Very good. I'm happy to hear that. I wouldn't want to have to get serious about it."
"No, sir. That won't be necessary."
Cindy stirred and sat up. "Darling, that was wonderful. Can you do it again?"
"You bet I can. I haven't cum yet."
Cindy reached for his still hard cock. "I'm glad to hear that. I'm going to be wanting a lot more of this beauty."
"I already told little man how I plan to fuck that pussy whenever I want."
Cindy looked at me and pouted. "Aww, poor little man. If you had a cock, johnnie, instead of that tiny little dust cover for your balls, I wouldn't need a man like Roland to fuck me, would I?"
"I guess not," I sighed covering my shame with my hand.
"johnnie, stop playing with yourself and get me some tea," Cindy asked.
We sat around for an hour just talking. Roland laid down his expectations for both of us, telling us that more or less, for better or worse, as long as we stayed married, Cindy was his and by default, and so was I.
I watched my wife cling to him as Roland told her of her life as his, and I quote here, "married white slut".
I was to treat them as a couple whenever they were together, regardless of where or who may be present and defer to him as the man of the house whenever he visited.
"Visited?" I asked with light sarcasm.
We all laughed.
"I want you to be naked when I get here, little man. I like seeing that tiny dick and I know you like showing it off. You get off on the humiliation, don't you?"
I nodded, too ashamed to speak.
"Now this last part is most important, little man. Cindy is my bitch. Mine. I don't want to hear about you trying to fuck my woman. Is that clear?"
"Yes, sir," I whispered.
"If she wants your mouth on my pussy, then you have my permission to plant your face there and bring her off as much as she wants."
"Yes, sir. Thank you."
Cindy held Roland's arm smiling at me as my life at home was changing.
"I think if we all understand our roles, it will make us all get along better."
Roland stood and took Cindy's hand. "We're going up to fuck in your bed, little guy. Join us?" he said extending his hand.
I felt like a child holding Roland's hand as he led us to our bedroom.
Cindy was ready and lay with her arms and legs open.
Roland knelt between her thighs and looked at me. "Would you like to do the honors, little man?"
"Huh? I said not comprehending what he meant.
"Put my cock in your wife. Pretend it's yours."
I knelt beside the big man and once again marveled at the power emanating from his big cock. The large vein, the ridges under the deep purple head. God help me, but I did wish it was mine.
I rubbed it up and down the lips of my wife's sopping wet pussy, feeling a power I never had as she humped trying to get his cock in her.
"Damn it, johnnie. Put my man's cock in me," she demanded.
Like I said, holding Roland's cock gave me power I never had. "Tell him, Cindy. Tell your man what you want," I teased.
"Fuck me. I want Roland to fuck me, johnnie. Make him put your big black cock in me again and fuck your married white whore."
Roland thrusted forward and buried his cock deep into Cindy's pussy. Her scream of ecstasy could have been heard by the neighbors.
He must have fucked her another 30 minutes. I watched in awe as his cock had Cindy speaking in tongues. She seemed to be having one long climax when Roland announced his own pending orgasm.
"Ah yeah, bitch. I own this pussy. I'm going to fill it with my baby making seed, slut," he growled as he pumped his load deep in her cunt.
I'd already cum in my hand watching them. I had no shame in jacking off beside the rutting couple. Cindy's constant training me with SPH had me reveling in my shame, without pride, without dignity.
Having read about others who are into SPH, I figured there would come a time when my wife would seek out another man to give her what I couldn't. The thought both scared and excited me.
Now that it was happening and I was included, my fears left me. I saw what nature had intended. A real man taking what he wants. A woman attracted to the dominant male, mating, offering him her body for his pleasure, it was beautiful.
Having been ridiculed for my little dick for years and hearing how Cindy wanted a big cock had been exciting. Seeing her now, giving her pussy to a man, a real man with a big cock, was icing on the cake of my humiliation.
I was in for a surprise. When they had collected themselves and Roland pulled his cock out of my wife. he told me to use my mouth on her and make sure I get all of his sperm.
This was not something I had done nor dreamed of doing. I hesitated, looking to Cindy to help me out om this predicament.
"Come here, johnnie," she said holding her arms open. I went to her and we kissed. "Baby, he fucked me so good. God but his cock is wonderful. Don't you think?"
"I do," I whispered.
"My pussy is sore, johnnie. I could sure use your tongue on me down there right now. Maybe his cum will help your dick grow."
I ignored her insult but didn't resist her as she pushed my head down her torso. I could smell the pungent aroma of their combined fluids as my face drew near to her pussy.
"Do it, baby. Eat my pussy and get all of Roland's cum from it."
Roland chuckled as he dressed and I sucked his sperm from my wife. While I had read some people were into this sort of thing, it wasn't something I wanted.
Still, with my face planted in my wife's gamey pussy, it came to me that this was something I needed to do whether I liked it or not. It was a way for me to demonstrate my acceptance of Roland's role and that of my own. He is the Alpha male. I am not. And maybe, just maybe Cindy would appreciate my efforts.
Cindy fucked one more orgasm on my face as I swallowed Roland's load, thankful that the taste was not the least unpleasant.
It was a task I would do many more times.
Roland would tease me at work about sneaking off to fuck Cindy while I covered for him.
He didn't but the thought did make me get hard.
When they would go out together, Cindy began to dress sexier for her man. Her skirts were extremely short, her blouses transparent. She began wearing hose and garter belts with stiletto heels.
Roland began showing her off. Having my wife give up-skirt peeks at her panty covered pussy. This was more than okay with her. After an evening out when Roland had exhibited her to his friends, she would suck his cock furiously and fuck him with the same ferocity, bouncing up and down on his big black cock.
As the years passed, Roland moved up the ladder finally achieving the ultimate promotion. I worked for him and so did my wife.
A position opened for an assistant which he had Cindy apply for. Once hired, he brought her around introducing her to my co-workers as his new assistant and my wife.
At first, nothing untoward happened. Then, people started to notice that Roland and Cindy would go to lunch together nearly every day.
They noticed how she dressed; a bit too sexy for the office. They heard her call me little man in meetings. No longer was I calling him or referring to him by his first name. It was always Mr. Wallace this and Mr. Wallace that and people noticed.
There was talk. In large offices there is always talk.
Evening would find me home and naked, waiting for their arrival as Roland wanted. And although Roland wasn't over every night, I was naked anyway. Cindy liked that I was exposed. My little dick was a constant reminder of how well Roland fucked her.
Roland and Cindy would go away for weekends. Cindy would relate to me how he paraded her around almost naked in night clubs where such goings on were not discouraged. "He let other men dance slow dances with me, little man. They knew what we were there for and didn't disappoint."
"Roland loved it when they'd feel me up on the dance floor. He loved seeing them hold my ass, raising my skirt showing my naked bottom. Sometimes Roland would open my blouse so my boobs would flop out. He really likes to show them to waiters in restaurants and hotel bars."
"All his friends have seen me naked, johnnie, all of them. Once he had me lay on the floor and masturbate. Roland had four of his buddies over and they all saw me shaking with an orgasm like I was having a seizure. I love it when he shows me off like, babe."
My dick was straining to break free of its confinement. I wanted to jack off so badly hearing how Roland used my wife.
"I gave him a blow job in a cab when we were in New York."
"Well, no one saw because it was dark," I said hoping to hear otherwise.
"Dark? The only thing dark was Roland's big cock, little man. It was noon, and the streets were crowded with cars and pedestrians. People saw the back of my head as I bobbed up and down on his cock."
"Oh God, Cindy. I wished I could have been there. But doesn't it bother you for Mr. Wallace to show you off like that?"
"It did at first but not now. I love it. I love that Roland is proud of me enough that he wants to show his sexy bitch off to others. Besides, no one would fuck with me knowing I am with Roland."
"Yeah, he's a really big man."
"Don't I know?" she laughed.
Very quietly, Cindy said, "Roland thought of you while we were gone. We bought you a present."
"You did? You thought of me?"
"We did, little man. Over there, in the bag in the dresser. Fetch it please."
I walked over to the dresser and took the small bag to my wife. "Now this wasn't my idea, johnnie. But when Roland asked me if we should get you this, I instantly said yes. You may open your present now."
The cool metal told me what lay in store for me even before I pulled out the chastity tube. "But why, Cindy. Have I done something wrong? Is Mr. Wallace angry or disappointed with me?"
"Not in the least, little man. Roland just felt that you needed some reminder of who is in charge. Actually, he said you should think of this as a well-deserved reward for being such a good sport about things."
"Here, let me help you," Cindy offered. First, she got ice from the fridge and put the cubes in a baggie. Kneeling in front of me, she smiled up at me sweetly as she held the frosty plastic bag to my dick and balls.
Satisfied that I had shrunk as much as I possibly could, she looped the ring under my balls. The tube, which was connected to the ball ring came next. Cindy pushed it hard enough that it became uncomfortable. "Just a little more," she giggled.
When the head of my tortured dick appeared out of the tube, Cindy stopped pushing. Attached to the ball ring, it held my dick uncomfortably in place. The key had a special tip which she used to snug down the tube just below the head of my dick making certain I would not slip out of it.
Locking it in place, my wife seemed satisfied. "Great. Just how Roland said it would fit."
She surprised me when she handed me the key. "You're to give this to Roland when he comes over later. Be sure to thank him for his thoughtfulness."
My dick would have responded to the humiliation with panache, instead, it was straining to free itself from the metal confines. "Mr. Wallace, sir. My wife told me to give you this key. Thank you for thinking of me and bringing me this gift."
I was kneeling at his feet as he sat in my favorite chair. Both he and Cindy were naked as was I. I was aware of his meat stick that hung off the edge of the chair. Mr. Wallace caught me looking at his great appendage.
"It's nice, isn't it?"
"Yes, sir. It's beautiful."
"Would you like to suck it, little man? Would you like to take it in your little hand, kiss it and lick it before sucking it?"
That had to be a trick question. Me sucking his cock had never been seriously discussed before although my wife once said she'd like to see me do it.
Thinking quickly to come up with an acceptable answer, "Only if you want me to, sir."
He looked at Cindy and together they shared a laugh the way lovers do when they're sharing a secret joke. "Maybe one day, if you behave," he chuckled tussling my hair.
They fucked that night as I sat back wishing I could jack off like I used to be able to. When it was time for Mr. Wallace to leave, he coaxed Cindy to walk him to his car naked. "Can I put on my shoes at least, Roland?"
Hand in hand they walked to his car parked in our driveway. They kissed passionately under the glow of the garage light, his hands caressing her rounded bottom with one hand, her breast with the other.
With little or no regard for the neighbors who might see them, they lingered there, kissing and caressing. Again, Mr. Wallace was showing his dominion over both my wife and I.
I could only envy the man. They looked so good together in the light that my heart beat fondly for them both.
The stainless-steel cage was heavy but I got used to it. I even got used to the guards at work running the metal detector up and down my body, finally settling in on my groin. Exchanging knowing looks between them, they'd laugh at my discomfort and pass me through.
But to me, it was worth it. All the humiliation I felt had me in constant arousal. And the more aroused I was and the longer I stayed caged without beating off, the more compliant, the more docile, the more submissive I became.
The day of the pre-bid conference came and I am sitting halfway back in the middle of the row.
Cindy stood and introduced herself to the audience. She then introduced the contract team seated on her right and left. "Once the team has gone over the contract specifications, we will take your questions. Mr. Wallace has given his permission for those who wish to record this session for later use."
I could almost see the mischief in her eyes as she looked at Mr. Wallace.
From near the middle of the rows of seats, I could see my wife sitting with her knees tightly together. The team went through the specs. and just as they were about to take questions, I saw Cindy look down at her phone.
It became apparent to me that Mr. Wallace had sent her a text. What happened next was pure Hollywood magic.
I watched as Cindy slowly spread her legs. I wasn't listening to the questions being asked and answered though. But what I did hear was some mummering from the audience around me.
Sitting with her legs now wide open and her pussy quite visible, Cindy began to slowly turn from side to side in the swivel chair making sure everyone in the audience would see her now moist pussy.
At first, there were only a few phones being held up to record this session. One by one, every guy in the place now held his phone up, all aimed at my wife's display.
After about five minutes of showing Mr. Wallace's pussy to the crowd, Cindy covered her mouth in sort of a "Whoops" feigning embarrassment and closed her legs.
I saw guys high-five each other as they were leaving.
Not unsurprisingly, video's of my wife pussy went viral in less than two hours. They were all over the internet, just as I suspected Mr. Wallace knew they would be.
Even before I left work that afternoon, my co-workers were viewing the recording. A few felt some sort of sympathy for me. Other guys showed disdain for me that I would condone her brazen exhibition. More though stated out loud, knowing I would hear them saying how they'd like to fuck her.
"Laughter through tears," was how Dolly Parton described it in that movie, "Steel Magnolias". In my case, it was me trying to get an erection in my chastity tube through the humiliating discussions and knowing my wife's pussy would be seen by millions as I dealt with the feeling of total defeat at the hands of handsome and devious Mr. Wallace.
As usual, Cindy caught a ride with her lover and drove home wondering what was ahead.
Several strange automobiles were parked on the street where I live. I actually had to park half a block away.
When I entered my home, I saw Mr. Wallace and my wife chatting up four handsome gentlemen. Two were black, one Hispanic, the other Asian. All had wide grins and drinks.
"Ah, there's the husband now," Mr. Wallace greeted me. "Little man, these are a few of my colleagues who just had to meet your wife, up close and personal."
"Um, uh, I uh, welcome gentlemen, I guess," I stammered foolishly.
"Of course, they're welcome. Now be polite and shake their hands," Cindy suggested.
Of late, her suggestions have become directions.
I went from one to the other shaking their hand and hearing them tell me how sexy Cindy is and they can't wait to see more of her.
"Good boy, johnnie," Mr. Wallace praised me. "We're going to need your help making my friends feel as comfortable as possible."
He fished the key to my chastity tube from his pocket and tossed it to me. "Unlock that thing," little man."
I made to leave the room happy to be able to free my sore dick when Mr. Wallace stopped me.
"Um, johnnie, where are you going?"
"To my room sir," I said looking around at the men who were paying close attention to the scene playing out before them.
"No need for modesty here. We're among friends. Go on, do like I told you and free your dick here. These men are going to join you soon as Cindy here gives them a private showing."
Mr. Wallace sat on the couch and pulled my wife onto his lap. "Now, johnnie," he ordered.
I removed my suit jacket. Then my tie and shirt. I bent over to remove my shoes and socks, leaving me in my pants and underwear.
Looking at Mr. Wallace for a reprieve that was not coming, I unfastened my belt and pants and pulled them down with my boxers in one embarrassing motion.
I heard the gasps followed by snickering as my tube came into view.
I fumbled with the key and finally got the contraption unlocked. Next came the loosening of the clasp that snugly circled the shaft just below the head of my dick.
"Why is he wearing that,? The Asian gentleman asked.
"Go on, little man. Tell them."
With my face burning and my dick leaking with humiliating arousal I summoned the strength to speak. "It's because Mr. Wallace told me I was jacking off too much."
"Jesus Roland," our black visitor laughed. "You're fucking his wife and won't even let the sorry motherfucker beat his meat? That's cold."
The conversation around me was only white noise as I struggled to pull my dick out of the tight confines. I actually dropped to my knees as I worked the tube off and pulled my balls from the ring.
When I looked up, I saw that my wife had moved to the recliner. With the foot rest pulled out and her feet on it, her knees together and bent, Mr. Wallace asked if his guests were ready.
Almost in unison they said they were more than ready. "Okay guys but let me make myself clear once more. You can look but not touch. You can feel free to jack off but do not cum on my bitch. Again, there will be absolutely no touching. We do not wish to disrespect her husband, now do we?"
Laughter surrounded me.
"Cindy, my dear. Please begin," Mr. Wallace told her.
Her short skirt had already gathered above her naval, her pussy was clearly on display. Now she reached down and began to open her blouse. Tossing it aside, she held her breasts out to her admirers.
I wanted to get up but Mr. Wallace directed me to stay where I was. It was his way of demonstrating who was actually the man of our house.
"Yes sir," I said kneeling back down.
Cindy laid back, still caressing her breasts but keeping eye contact with our guests.
Our visitors asked Mr. Wallace if they could record it on their phones. "Ask her husband," he chuckled.
He gave me a look that said I'd better not let him down. "Please gentlemen. Feel free to pull out your phones," I said nearly cumming from the humiliation.
Cindy began to purr as she toyed with her nipples. Pinching and pulling on the pebble-hard buds, I heard her moan.
Slowly, eyeing her audience, she let one hand travel down her body.
The room acquired the aroma of an aroused pussy as my wife spread her labia open. She stroked her outer lips touching her clit.
As Cindy's passion grew, she was no longer able to maintain eye contact. She closed her eyes and emitted a guttural groan as the first mini-orgasm flooded the seat cushion.
I heard zippers and looked to see our guests pulling out their hard cocks.
As they began to masturbate, Mr. Wallace offered my services. "johnnie can help you with that. He likes stroking big cocks, don't you boy?"
A brief moment of expectation ensued until I managed to croak a weak, "Yes sir."
Thankfully no one wanted my services.
Cindy was really getting into it now. With her legs splayed obscenely, Cindy's hips began to buck as she put one finger into her pussy, then another as she finger fucked herself for the horny gentlemen who were watching intently.
"She loves being watched masturbating, guys," Mr' Wallace said. "The sexy bitch also loves sucking my cock in public places, don't you girl?"
"Oh God yes, Roland. Bring it here let me suck you while your friends see what a whore you made me for your black cock."
"Maybe later, baby. Right now you're entertaining our guests."
Cindy opened her eyes and saw all those men with their cocks out and masturbating slowly. A moan came from deep within her as she humped her hand through another convulsing orgasm.
My dick was too sore for me to want to join the masturbating men. I left it alone knowing the humiliation to follow would cause me to release my pent-up passion without physical stimulation.
"Oh, God," Cindy moaned as another orgasm tore through her body. Her sexy ass rose and fell as her fingers moved quickly in and out of her wet pussy. "Enough, Roland, please," she begged.
I'd been watching her so closely that I almost didn't hear the grunts from the others as one by one they emptied their balls on our carpet.
"johnnie, fetch a wash cloth for the gentlemen," Mr. Wallace ordered me.
I did as I was told just as I always do as Mr. Wallace tells me.
I returned with a damp cloth and hand towel. When I tried to hand them to our guests Mr. Wallace told me that I was being impolite. "It was your wife that caused the mess their cocks are in now, little man. Be a good host and clean them."
Part of me wanted to run away and hide. But deep inside me, I craved the building humiliation Mr. Wallace was allowing me to experience.
As I approached the first gentleman, Mr. Wallace told me to make sure I cleaned every drop of their sperm. "Jack them a little, johnnie. Hold their cocks and tug on them a few times to make sure there will be no further seepage."
With my pecker straining to grow longer than it possibly could, I went from one to the other. I'd take their cock in my bare hand and gently jack them as Mr. Wallace suggested. I would use the wash cloth to dab the remnants of their leaking orgasms from the heads of their beautiful cocks. Once I was certain all the evidence of their sperm was gone, I would then use the towel which I had over my shoulder and gently dry them, blowing softly to make sure they were completely dry.
No one said a word as I went to each guest, sinking deeper into my sub-space. When I had finished the last gentleman, Mr. Wallace reminded them of what he told them earlier. "Told you the little man likes handling big cocks."
Their laughter filled my ears as my orgasm overtook me. I gritted my teeth and slumped to my knees trying to catch my discharge with the wash cloth. I grabbed my pecker with the wash cloth in order to keep from spraying my orgasm on the carpet.
It wasn't until I'd shuddered through the last soul wrenching spasms that I realized that my dick was now coated with the sperm of our four guests.
On hands and knees, I panted as our guests thanked Cindy for a lovely showing and told Mr. Wallace they'd like a repeat performance.
"No problem, guys," he promised.
My wife walked each to the door, fully naked now. Thanking each for coming, with the door wide open, she kissed each gentleman on his cheek as they departed.
The door had hardly closed behind them when Mr. Wallace ordered me to clean their cum from the carpet. "I'd better not step in that shit, little man, if you know what's good for you."
"Yes sir," I said without the slightest trace of dignity. "Oh, and Mr. Wallace, sir, thank you for this evening."
He chuckled as he led Cindy to our bedroom.
I hurried to the bathroom to clean the foreign sperm off my glazed dick.
Your comments will be most welcomed.