Party Guest Triptych - 2: From private to public, from romantic to raunchy, the same ingredients can create different recipes.
Derek walked backward into the kitchen, using his butt to push the swinging door open since his hands were full. He was bringing some empty potato chip bowls in to refill them. He crossed the kitchen to the pantry, a long, narrow room between the kitchen and the garage. It was one of the odd features in their 100-year-old house, but the extra shelf space did serve its purpose.
Walking through the door, he saw his wife Ann at the far end of the room apparently doing something at the prep sink under the small window.
"Oh, hey, babe, I was wondering where you'd got to." He stepped into the room a couple of feet, put his bowls on a counter and took down some bags of chips. "We're gonna need more of your meatballs soon, they're going fast as always."
Finishing the tortilla chips, he went on to the cheese puffs. He'd been a bit surprised the messy orange snacks were going so fast at a party with no kids.
"I think it's going pretty good, so far," he continued. "People seem to be having a good time."
His wife finally turned to him. "I think you're right about that. In fact, some people seem to be having a very good time. Come and see this." She turned back to the window.
Derek walked up behind Ann, put his arms around her and kissed the back of her neck. Then he looked out the window over her shoulder.
This window wasn't really used much anymore since at some point in the old house's long life, an earlier owner had built an extension on the garage that jutted out and blocked the window's original view into the backyard. On the plus side, it had created a small alcove where they could stash extra lawn furniture and such out of sight of the main patio.
All he saw when he first looked out was the blank wall of the garage extension across the short width of the alcove. He saw that Ann had her head cocked so she could look 90 degrees to the left, toward the alcove's entrance. About halfway between the opening and their position he saw three of their party guests taking private advantage of the relative seclusion and the fading afternoon light. They probably hadn't even noticed this small window tucked near the back.
"How long have they been at it?" he asked.
"I don't know, I guess I've been watching 5 or 10 minutes."
Derek noticed that Ann's voice was a bit breathless and when he looked down across her chest, he saw that her nipples were hard and pushing against her silk blouse. "Has it been hot?" he sighed into her ear, cupping one of her breasts in his hand.
"Very hot," she answered, putting her hand over his and pressing it tighter.
Out in the alcove was Sandy, one of Derek's best friends; another guy they played softball with, Jamal; and a woman that Sandy had been dating for a couple of weeks. Today was the first time Derek or Ann had met the woman.
One thing they now knew for sure about her was that she had really nice tits. Big and nice. The woman's blouse was unbuttoned and pulled open and after the men pulled her bra up, Ann had gotten a good look before the two leaned in and began sucking hungrily. Now, Jamal also held her short skirt hitched up around her waist, while Sandy rubbed her pussy through the material of a white thong.
The woman's hands were busy too. She had a stiff dick in each, rubbing up and down through their open flies.
"I thought she was Sandy's date?"
"I did too," said Derek.
"Has he always been this generous? Was he with you before we married?"
"No, not at all -- " He broke off at movement from the trio.
Derek's old friend took his mouth off her breast, gave her a kiss, and appeared to say something to her. She nodded at him with a sexy smile. Sandy looked around, then suddenly turned and started walking right toward the back of the alcove with his hard cock pointing out ahead of him like the bowsprit on a ship. Since the window was on the wall to his side, he didn't catch sight of them before they were able to duck down below the level of the half curtain on the window.
They huddled there a moment and heard a few light metallic noises, before it sounded like footsteps going back the other way. Derek carefully stood and peeked out the window again. Sandy had rejoined the others and Derek saw that he was laying a lounge chair cushion on the ground. It had a slight tear in it and he'd placed the whole aluminum lounger back in the alcove while setting up for this party.
"It's okay," he said, and Ann straightened up and stepped back from the window.
"That was close," she said. "Maybe we'd better stop before we get caught as peeping toms."
He put his hands on her shoulders and firmly turned her back to the window, pressing her forward until her hips came against the edge of the prep sink. He resumed his position behind her with his arms around her, a breast in each hand.
"Gee," he said into her ear, "We've never had the chance to watch live people, I wouldn't want to miss my first chance to be a real voyeur. Besides, if they were really worried about people seeing them, they wouldn't be doing it outside where anyone could walk by and catch them. I'd be willing to bet they wouldn't stop even if we were standing right next to them. Would you like to try?"
She bumped her butt back at him. "I bet you'd like that. No, this is close enough."
"I'd bet you'd like it too." He pushed his groin into her backside. "Look at them now. Wouldn't you like to be able to hear as well as see them?"
The woman had kneeled down on the cushion in front of the black man and was giving him a very enthusiastic blow job. The automatic lights had come on over the main patio and while they didn't reach far into the sheltered alcove, one light did put the woman's head into silhouette as it bobbed up and down on the guy's swollen rod.
Sandy was on one knee on the far side of the woman. His right hand appeared to be under the rear of her thong, probably fingering her pussy or asshole. They could only imagine that the other one was in front, working on her clit.
At least Ann hoped so and the thought made her push Derek's hand down over her own pussy as she watched the slut go to town on Jamal's cock. Derek started rubbing his wife through the material of her skirt and squeezed her breast harder, while lightly pinching the nipple. He snaked his tongue into her ear as they watched the erotic show and she began grinding her ass against his swelling organ.
Speaking of swollen organs, outside, the woman's hand was stroking the base of the standing man's cock, while her mouth continued taking short, fast bobs over the head. Jamal's other head was tilted back, looking to heaven, while his hands held onto the back of her head. "He's going to come," Derek growled.
"Pull out and come all over her face," Ann said to the window.
"No, she wants to swallow it all," was Derek's judgment.
Derek was right. The man suddenly started jerking and his face grimaced as he shot a full hot load down the woman's throat. Then the woman started jerking too.
"She's coming too," Ann said in a strangled voice. ''That mouthful of hot cum is sending her over the edge."
And it was true. Being down on her knees, sucking this fine, black cock at her new boyfriend's urging, while his fingers played so deftly with her pussy and clit, had revved her up fast. And now, having her mouth filled with the hot salty taste of spunk had put the pedal down to redline and she felt her own juices gushing as she hungrily swallowed spurt after spurt from a guy she'd only met a couple of hours ago. She held on tight to his prick for balance as she let herself go with her orgasm. As she came back to herself she slowly squeezed his prick from the bottom to the top to get the last of his cream. When her mouth finally popped off his spent member, she said only one thing. "More."
Ann and Derek couldn't hear that, but they could see the two men change places. Unfortunately, Jamal naturally went to the opposite side from Sandy, which blocked the view of the two watchers. The only thing they could see clearly was the ecstatic look on the white guy's face as the woman gobbled him alive.
"Move, goddamn it," grunted Derek.
"Forget it," Ann growled. "I've seen enough, take me and fuck me now."
Derek reached down and started lifting his wife's skirt.
"No, not here," she said, stepping away from him. "We're lucky we haven't been caught already. Let's go to the bedroom."
She led him back through the kitchen, which was fortunately empty. They'd picked up the bowls of snacks Derek had poured and he went left to put one down in the living room, while Ann broke right and restocked the sideboard in the dining room. With a few quick words and smiles to the guests they came across, they each made their way separately down the hallway to their room.
Derek got there first and had already kicked off his shoes and yanked his t-shirt over his head when Ann slipped through the door and closed it behind her. As she reached back to fumble with the lock, Derek grabbed the top of her blouse and pulled her to him.
"It hardly seems fair," he said as he quickly worked through the buttons of her blouse. "We got so much fun from their performance, shouldn't others be able to watch ours?"
"You want other people thinking about me what you're thinking about that woman right now?" she countered.
"What I'm thinking? What about what you're thinking about her? Or are you only thinking about those two hard cocks?"
"I'm only thinking about the hard cock between your legs that I want between my legs. I'm done with watching, I want to get fucked." With that she shrugged her blouse off her shoulders, skinned her skirt and panties down over her hips and sat on the edge of the bed to take off her sandals.
"I only saw her mouth get fucked," he said as he quickly pushed his pants and underpants to the ground and stepped out of them. His cock bounced at half-staff as he stood on one foot and then the other to strip off his socks. "And you're here to get what she got. Aren't you?" He stood in front of her with legs spread and his cock held out toward her. "Suck me," he demanded. "Suck me like that big-tittied slut."
Ann's tits weren't as big as Sandy's date's, but they were still damned nice and stood out proudly on her chest as she let her brassiere fall to the ground. Then she slid off the bed to her knees and took him in her hands and mouth. She loved his heat and taste and hardness and the image of the woman outside was burning in her mind as she attacked his tool. After the initial rush, her mouth came off him and she said, "She did look good sucking them. Do I look that sexy when I suck you?" Then she filled her mouth with him again.
"You'd better fucking believe it," he groaned. "My dick sticking into your beautiful mouth is one of the most erotic things I've ever seen. The look of hunger on your face makes me wonder sometimes if I'm even going to get my meat back in one piece."
"I'll give you back your meat if you promise to leave behind a mouthful of cum like she got. But not yet. First I want you inside my other hole." She kept her grip on his dick and pulled him up behind her onto the bed and then between her legs where he gladly and easily pushed into her wet flower.
Once he got to the bottom, he held still to both savor the moment and keep from firing off too soon. Her cunt was so hot and tight that he could easily reach orgasm in just a few wonderful strokes if he let go of all control. But he, and especially she, wanted a lot more than that and he was going to give it to her. "Damn, you feel good," he said, looking down into hazel eyes flashing more green than usual with his wife's passion.
"You're right, I do," she laughed up at him. "Now start pumping and make me feel even better." She circled her hips around his waist and thrust her crotch up at him.
He did as she asked. Drawing his hips up until he was almost out of her and then dropping slowly back down until their pubic hair was tangled. He leaned forward and kissed and sucked her breasts and then her mouth as he picked up the pace in her box. Soon they had a nice steady rhythm going and Ann cooed her pleasure. "Oh yeah, baby. That's so good. Give me that big fat dick." He gave her an extra push and she grunted more loudly and said again, "Oh yeah, big fat dick."
Out in the hallway one of their guests was waiting for the bathroom across the hall to come open. He was leaning against the wall beside their bedroom door and thought he'd heard something the first time Ann had spoken. The second time he was sure he did and the tone of the grunt that accompanied the words struck him as definitely sexual. He turned to his side and put his ear against the door.
"Baby, you are so damned hot." The eavesdropper recognized Derek's voice. "I mean wanting to sneak away and get fucked in the middle of the party? That's a special kind of hot."
The young man outside, Cole, had had a couple of tequila shots to go with a few beers and so did something he probably wouldn't have otherwise. Without really thinking about it he reached out and carefully tried the doorknob. It snagged just a little bit, but then snicked quietly past the obstruction and turned the rest of the way easily. Hey, it wasn't his fault if they hadn't locked the door properly.
He slowly opened it a crack and put his eye to the opening. He could only see the bottom half of the bed and there he saw Derek kneeling between a woman's legs. His softball teammate was pumping with authority into the owner of those beautiful legs.
"You're right I'm hot," the woman said. Her voice was so strangled and raspy that Cole didn't recognize it. "I'm so hot I'm ready to explode. Fuck me hard and make me come!"
Cole still wasn't sure. It could be Ann, but he'd certainly never heard her voice so choked with passion. Although he would have had to admit to wanting to hear her like that, with him, if you asked him directly -- while he was drunk.Of course it's Ann you dipshit, he berated himself. You really think Derek would fuck somebody else in his own bed while his wife was floating around the party?
Outside the door Cole started squeezing his crotch through his pants. Then he heard a voice whispering in his ear. "What are you looking at, you pervert?" Cole jumped, but managed not to bang the door shut or throw it open. Standing next to him was Shanice, the woman who'd been in the bathroom. He gave her a dirty look for spooking him, then smiled and put his finger to his lips to signal quiet. Then he pointed the finger at the bedroom door as he stepped back to let her take his place. Always 'Curious Shanice', never 'Cautious Shanice', the woman slid in front of him and put her eye to the crack of the door.
Nice ass, she thought to herself as she watched the man twist his hips to the side as well as back and forth.I bet that feels good, was her next thought.
The unseen woman proved her right when she started chuffing almost incoherently, "So good, so good, so good...coming...cuummmiinnggg!" The man sped up even more to push the woman's orgasm as high as possible. "Unh, uunnhh, uuunnnhh," the woman whimpered.
Shanice caught her breath, then stepped away from the door and whispered to Cole, "Who is it?"
"The guy is Derek and I think the woman's Ann, but I'm not a hundred percent sure," he whispered back. "But whoever she is, she's damned hot." He looked directly into her eyes. "Do you want to watch some more?"
Maybe she'd had more wine than she should have, but Shanice found herself returning his gaze and saying, "Yes."
The two moved back toward the door, taking much the same position Ann and Derek had in the kitchen, with Shanice leaning up against the door frame and Cole pressed closely behind her, looking over her head into the room. He reached out and opened the door another smidge so they could see more.
On the bed the man suddenly pulled out of the woman, dropped to his belly between her legs and started licking her soaking wet pussy. She moaned deeply and grabbed her breasts with her hands and started squeezing.
Outside, Cole moved his hand up and started squeezing one of Shanice's tits. She bit her lip to keep from joining the woman on the bed in a moan. Now that the man was lying down Shanice and Cole could see the woman's face. The angle was unusual, but soon they both realized she was indeed their hostess, Ann. For some reason, Shanice found herself slightly disappointed at that. How much hotter would it be to watch someone not only fucking, but cheating?
Derek had dropped down to Ann's flower in an effort to keep himself from coming with her. Usually, coming together would be a special treat, but for some reason he didn't want this to end yet. Regardless of the fact that they were supposed to be hosting a party. But when he got his mouth on her drenched cunt he forgot all about a houseful of guests and just drank. He'd loved eating his wife out from the first time she let him and that desire and pleasure hadn't weakened a bit over the years.
As he feasted, he looked up over the swell of her mons venus and watched her hands playing with her pert tits. Then his gaze went farther up to watch the pleasure and passion playing across her face. That's when something else caught his eye.
The headboard of their bed was a bookshelf with mirrors along the inside walls. In the left corner Derek could see the reflection of the bedroom door in the right corner of the room behind him. Theopenbedroom door. And movement in the small crack. Someone was watching them!
When he realized he was staring at the reflected face --no, faces-- he tried for a more casual stance so the voyeurs wouldn't know they'd been spotted. And not wanting Ann to freak out and break things off, he said nothing, just kept eating.
The eating was getting to her and she began trembling like she was putting together back-to-back orgasms. This in turn apparently got the watchers more excited because they pushed the door open just a little wider. Now Derek could see that it was a man and a woman and the guy had his hand in her half-unbuttoned blouse with her bra pushed up over her tits.
Derek suddenly got up on one elbow and replaced his mouth with his fingers.
"Oh, don't stop, baby," pleaded Ann.
"This is how Sandy and Jamal got that woman off outside. Remember, baby? Remember how hot it was watching them masturbate her while she gave them blow jobs?"
"Angie," she croaked. "I remember now her name is Angie." She squirmed her hips, adjusting to the different pleasure in her crotch. "And she really did have a good orgasm. After Jamal came in her dirty mouth."
"That's true. I remember you wanted him to pull out and spray his cum all over her face. You were having fun watching and wanted to see everything, didn't you?"
"Yes. But it was almost as much fun watching her swallow and swallow." Ann's fingers grabbed her nipples and pulled them away from her tits. Then she let them go with a sigh.
"I wish you would have let me fuck you right there in the pantry so we could have kept watching them."
"I should have let you."
"But you were right, someone could have walked in and caught us, just like we caught the three of them."
"I bet you wouldn't even have stopped," she laughed teasingly. "I bet you would have just kept plugging away no matter what."
"You know I would have. The question is, would you have wanted me to stop or would you have been willing to put on a show like Angie? I know you like watching other people, but don't you think it would be exciting to let someone else watch us?"
"Would you like that?" she stalled.
He bent down and licked her wet pussy lips. While they were talking, he had gradually worked three fingers into her love hole. Now he added the fourth. "Baby, your pussy is so open and ready that I have most of my hand jammed inside of you. I would love for someone to stand here and watch me play with your beautiful, hungry gash. To see just how dirty you can be and get horny as hell themselves watching us. And I think it would just make you even more excited to have an audience. Wouldn't it?"
She clamped her pussy muscles tight around his fingers and groaned. "I don't know. Yes," she finally answered. "But I couldn't --"
"Yes, you could. You've admitted it would excite you and if you did feel any embarrassment, it would disappear as soon as you saw the watchers' excitement." He plunged his fingers into her, knowing without a doubt that the wet, squelching noises could be heard clearly by their audience.
"You know," he mused, "I think I may have forgot to lock the door. If someone walked in on us right now, would you just keep fucking me?"
Ann completely missed the fact that she was the one who'd locked the door. Or at least thought she had. "Get up here and fuck me now and I'll tell you."
Derek got back to his knees and speared her gaping cunt with his rock-hard penis. He took the hand that had just been inside her honey pot and grabbed her tits with it, spreading her sticky juices all over the firm white globes. Then he bent down and started licking the juices back off of her.
Ann moaned, "There's no way I could stop. I would have to let them see what a good lover you are. To see how horny you make me." She grabbed the back of his head and pressed him tighter against her chest. He sucked in a mouthful of tit flesh and nursed.
After a moment, Derek lay down in the missionary position and moved his mouth to hers to kiss her deeply. While her vision was blocked by his head, he reached back with one hand and gestured to the people in the doorway to come in.
Cole had his hand under Shanice's skirt with his fingers in her pussy and she had a hold of his prick through his fly. Neither one let go as they quietly opened the door and moved into the bedroom. Cole saw a chair on the opposite side of the room and finally took his hand away from Shanice's crotch to silently guide her over there. When they arrived, Cole unbuttoned his pants, pushed them down to his ankles and sat in the chair facing Ann and Derek. Then he lifted Shanice's skirt up and pulled her panties down. After she stepped out of them he turned her around and sat her down in his lap. She reached between them and guided his torrid manhood between the lips of her wet sex.
Derek broke off his kiss with Ann just as Shanice reached the bottom of Cole's staff and let out a deep sigh.
The noise caught Ann's attention and she rolled her head to the side. She popped up onto her elbows, eyes wide at seeing someone in the room with them.
Derek pulled back and then drove deep into her love tunnel, bringing her eyes back to look at him. "Remember, baby, you said you wouldn't stop," he said with a smile.
"But, but..."
"Besides," he went on. "Look again. They're not just watching our show, they're sharing their own with us." Derek looked over at their surprise guests.
Ann's face reluctantly turned with his as she blushed. Then it struck her, it was Shanice, kind of a half-friend from work. Shanice's blouse was open and her brown breasts were bare, bouncing slowly up and down. Bouncing up and down because she had her hands on the arms of the chair and was pushing herself up and down. Up and down on some guy's cock.
A nice, big white cock she could see clearly on the upswings because the guy was lifting Shanice's skirt out of the way as he held her by the waist. Ann stared as Shanice went up and down like a carousel horse, smiling happily as the pale pole disappeared into her black bush. Suddenly she realized that Derek was stroking into her with the same rhythm.
"They look good, don't they?" he asked her. "And I bet they think you look just as hot."
"You'd better believe it," the guy said as he poked his head out around Shanice's side. Ann realized it was Cole, the third baseman from Derek's team.
Cole's lap-dancer said, "When I saw you two going at it, I just had to grab the nearest cock. Who could have guessed it would turn out to be such a big, beautiful one?" With that Shanice sat all the way down in Cole's lap and turned her head back over her shoulder. He craned his neck and the two started kissing, their tongues fencing outside where Ann and Derek could see.
Derek leaned down and started licking his wife's lips and soon they were kissing the same way as their audience. Of course, they were all audience members now, weren't they? And all performers.
Well, not all performers. Not the two guys standing in the bedroom doorway. Ann and Derek may have missed on getting the lock to engage, but Cole and Shanice were so distracted they hadn't even managed to get the door all the way closed. So it stood open a foot or two and the audience had grown by two.
"Fuck her harder, Derek," said Shanice. "I want to see those pretty tits bounce from you pounding into her." Meanwhile Shanice had resumed her own ride up and down Cole's carousel pole.
Derek got up on his knees and began picking up his pace inside Ann's flower. He also started thrusting harder and soon his wife's firm, round breasts were bouncing in circles. "Like that?" he asked with a smile.
"Just like that," Shanice answered throatily. "I've never seen anyone fuck live before, Ann. Thank you for letting me watch, it's the hottest thing I've ever done."
"I like having you watch," Ann answered breathlessly. "I didn't think I really would, but it's fun having you see me take this stud on."
"What about me," Cole complained jokingly. "This feels great, but I can't really see the rest of the action."
"Oh, the naughty boy wants to watch Ann and Derek fuck too, does he?" teased Shanice. "Well stand up and we'll see if we can't fix that." With that she stood up off his cock and when he got to his feet she turned the chair around the other direction, then kneeled in the seat with her arms resting across the back. Cole didn't need any more instructions and quickly stepped in behind her up-thrust ass and entered her doggy style.
During the move Shanice had noticed the two men in the doorway. "Come on in boys," she told them. "You can't see nearly enough from there."
Ann's head snapped over to find more softball teammates, a pitcher-catcher duo who always seemed to be together. Seeing two fully-dressed peeping toms staring at her gave her a quick stab of doubt, but just as Derek had predicted, as soon as she saw the raw desire on their faces her concerns evaporated. "Yes, come in." She looked up at Derek. Was he really ready to go further with this? "The more the merrier," she said, inviting her party guests and challenging her husband.
Derek's response was to return the smile and drive his nail home deep inside her.
The two guys walked into the room and each sat on the edge of the nightstands on either side of the bed.
Derek went back to a steady rhythm and Ann's eyes closed in pleasure as she started massaging her breasts again. Then Derek put his hands under her ass and lifted her up, giving him a different angle to probe her. Ann panted quickly as he sent shocks of passion shooting off in other directions in her pelvis.
The passion was getting to Derek too. He had already come close to finishing twice and with all the other action he'd been witnessing he didn't think he could hold off again. "Baby, are you close? Are you ready to come?" he asked Ann.
"I don't know, baby, but go for it. Fill my pussy with cum the way Sandy and Jamal filled Angie's pretty mouth."
Angie had come out of the bathroom just moments before and from the hallway had heard Derek asking Ann if she was ready to come. She'd stepped immediately to their bedroom doorway and so heard Ann clearly when she responded by describing Angie's earlier slutty actions.
So, she thought quickly with anger,those two couldn't even wait till the next day before telling their buddies about me. That sudden flash of anger was quickly overcome by the realization of all that Ann had said and what she was saying now.
She was egging Derek on to get him to come. "Do you remember? That's how it all started, watching that sexy slut swallow them alive."
Sexy slut? Watching me?wondered Angie silently. Then it hit her that not only were these two fucking, but there were other people in the room watching them.
"Fuck my pussy the way they fucked her mouth," Ann demanded. "No, fuck me harder. Fuck me harder and faster and give me your cum."
Derek picked up his pace and Ann kept up her chanting. "Fuck me. Do it, baby, fuck me. Fuck me in front of all these people. Fuck me." That was all the man could stand and he started slamming into her as his cock exploded and flooded her with jizz. "Oh yeah, baby, that's what I want. Fill me up. That's what I want."
Ann's words had not only sent Derek over the edge, they had done the same to Shanice and Cole. Her fingers had been rubbing her clit since they had taken up their new position and when the beauty on the bed started cheering her husband to climax, Cole and Shanice had followed her instructions until Shanice's fingers were flying over her love button while Cole was slamming into her big brown ass. He was so long and going so deep inside her pussy, maybe deeper than any man had before and as soon as they saw Derek's face clench up, they both joined him in orgasm.
"Oooh Gaaahhhdd!" Shanice wailed over Cole's animal grunts as their juices spurt and mixed in her happy cunt. She collapsed against the chair back and Cole put his knees up on the seat outside of hers and snugged himself against her back as they floated in the afterglow.
At first, Angie had only registered the two guys perched on either side of the head of the bed, but her eyes went really wide when she caught the chair action off to the side.Have I walked into an orgy?Whatever it was it was damned hot and she was starting to feel that tingle in her pussy again, like when she'd gone out with Sandy and Jamal.
What she saw next only got her hotter. Derek had leaned down to kiss his wife after coming. Then he had bent some more to kiss her breasts and now he was lying on his belly between her legs and starting to kiss her flower.He's going to eat his cum out of her pussy!Angie thought in awe. She had to see this and walked into the room almost hypnotized. Ann saw her and her face lit up.
"It's her!" she cheered to Derek. "She's here!" Derek lifted his head and looked around. When he saw their sex angel standing there, he smiled at her, then went back to his wife's wet treasure.
"Do you want to watch?" Ann asked Angie. "I loved watching you. Do you want to watch us now?"
"Yes," Angie answered in a low voice.
Ann reached out her arm and patted the empty side of the bed. "Come sit here, sit close so you can see everything."
As Angie walked around the bed to the other side, Shanice and Cole looked at her with dreamy smiles on their faces. While this woman none of them had ever met before climbed onto the bed next to the married lovers, Shanice and Cole stood up, took off the rest of their clothes, turned the chair back around and sat down. Shanice was once again in Cole's lap, only this time his long prick lay limp between his legs.
Angie slid over close to Ann with her legs curled under her. Ann reached out to the other woman's hand and squeezed it in hers. "Look at him," she told Angie. "Isn't he good? God, he eats my pussy so good."
"Creampie..." her special guest muttered. "Yes, it sure looks good." Continuing to speak and move as if in a trance, Angie's fingers absently walked down the front of her blouse, undoing the buttons.
It looked good to the guys on the nightstands too. They were both rubbing themselves through their trousers, when the catcher thought,What the hell?and pulled his pants and briefs down around his knees before sitting on the furniture again and flogging his meat. His partner on the other side of the bed did the same.
It also looked good to the two couples who'd followed the noises down the hallway and now walked in and took up positions around the bed to watch.
And it felt good to Ann who closed her eyes in pleasure. Derek was showering kisses all over her swollen pussy lips, teasing his tongue around her sensitive clit, and then sucking at her flower, drinking their mixed juices out of her cunt. When she felt his tongue stab deep inside her, then leave her pussy completely, she opened her eyes to see why he'd stopped. What she saw was incredibly erotic. Derek had lifted his face and was looking straight at her. He opened his mouth and slowly unraveled his tongue. Ann could see it was loaded with his cum that he had licked out of her. He let a drop of the thick cream fall from the tip of his tongue back onto her pussy, then he closed his mouth and swallowed the rest, all the while looking straight into Ann's eyes.
"I want some of that," she said hungrily. "Is there any left for me?"
Derek went back down to her crotch and pulled her pussy wide open with his fingers. Then he pressed his face tight against her musky bush and probed his tongue as deep inside her as he could, licking up some more of his seed. With his mouth closed around his prize he crawled up her body until his face was over hers. Slowly he poked his tongue out of his mouth. Ann's own tongue also came out, thrusting up at him. Derek lowered his head until his tongue was tip to tip with hers and his spunk was flowing from one mouth to the other. Ann suddenly came up and sucked her husband's whole tongue into her mouth, savoring the flavor of their mixed love juices. Then they were kissing deeply, tongues wrestling back and forth between their mouths. When she had cleaned out the last of his present, Derek started sliding back down her body and Ann licked her lips in wanton lust.
"Oh, God, I want some too," moaned Angie. She looked across Ann's body and saw a short, stocky Latino beating away at a short, but stocky cock. "Do you have some for me?" she pleaded with him.
The catcher got to his feet, and leaned the fronts of his powerful thighs against the edge of the mattress like he was getting ready to block the plate. "Baby, if you're ready, I can give you some right now."
Angie quickly rolled up onto all fours and crawled halfway across Ann, knees on one side, hands on the other, head at the edge of the bed. The man's fist started sliding up and down more urgently as Angie stared at his cock with open mouth and hungry eyes. He stuck the head between her lips and she sucked on it as he kept fisting himself. In seconds he was grunting and his hips were thrusting and he was shooting a massive load that Angie eagerly swallowed, shot after shot.
Sandy came in just in time to see his date gobbling her third load of cum that day. Jamal had taken off earlier with another woman who had picked him up after she'd also seen him fucking Angie's face, so he didn't get to see how much wilder the party had gotten. But the two other guys and a gal standing behind Sandy got to see it.
Derek had been busy with Ann's cunt and clit this whole time and she was almost ready to blow, especially after watching Angie suck the guy off right over her. Without thinking about it her hands had moved to tits and started squeezing: one of hers and one of Angie's.
Then the pitcher rose from the other nightstand and said, "Are you still hungry, baby? 'Cause I've got another big load for you."
The cum-lover spun around on her knees, spotted her target and dropped on it with the accuracy of a falcon taking a field mouse.
"Wait!" said Ann. She put both her hands on Angie's tits and pulled her back. "Come on her face, I want to see you spray all over her face and tits."
Angie looked over at her and smiled wickedly. Locking eyes with her suddenly demanding hostess, she got up on her knees and shrugged her open blouse off her shoulders. "On my bra or bare skin?"
"Bare," Ann sighed.
Angie put her hands on the mattress on either side of Ann's head and leaned in as if for a kiss. The blonde's heavy melons pressed down on Ann's cantaloupes and took the brunette's breath away, figuratively and literally.
After a confused pause, Ann caught on and reached around the other woman to unhook the straining bra. She held onto the shoulder straps as Angie pulled away and the twin beauties were exposed right in front of her. Her mouth opened without thought and Angie dipped a nipple into it. Ann sucked. Angie pulled back and dipped in the other. Ann sucked again.
The man who'd offered to paint Angie's face made an almost desperate sound and she pulled her teat loose from the mesmerized woman beneath her and turned toward him before he wasted his load on the mattress.
She straightened on her knees, put a hand under each breast and held them out to the man in front of her. "Do you like them?" she asked. For an answer he leaned forward and started sucking.
"Now come on them," Ann ordered him after recovering from her own breastfeeding fantasy.
The guy straightened and started pulling his schlong again. Angie folded her legs under her and sat at an angle that left her close to the edge of the bed, while giving Ann a full side view of her tits and face. She squeezed her fun bags together, lightly smacked her areolae and pulled and twisted her nipples.
Ann stared, star-struck, as the slut abused herself and drove the man in front of her, and everyone else in the room, mad with desire. Then her husband resumed his attack on her clit. Her back arched and she began screaming out, "Now! Do it now."
Nightstand guy jerked spasmodically and his first blast landed right at the top of Angie's cleavage and the second covered her right nipple. Angie leaned down and in and caught a splash on the cheek nearest to Ann before dropping her mouth over the cockhead to take the rest on her tongue.
The sight of the cum hitting the other woman's face and breasts was the last straw for Ann and she shoved her pussy against Derek's face in the throes of her orgasm. He held on like a rodeo cowboy and didn't lose his spot in the saddle of her vulva no matter how much her ass shook on the bed.
When the fourth party guest to come in Angie's mouth pulled loose and staggered back to his nightstand perch, the blonde returned to her knees and swiveled back to Ann. The prone woman was still trembling from her orgasm and it made Angie eager for her own, but unsure what to do about it.
A voice from close behind her provided the answer. "Glad you decided to come with me?" asked Sandy. She twisted her head back, feeling a surge of guilt at being caught sucking off two more men, but the worry turned to thrill when she realized he'd seen it and was smiling at her.
"I think you should thank our hostess for such a fun party."
Angie felt his hand pressing gently, but firmly between her shoulder blades and she went with it, dropping once again to all fours over Ann's body. Then the hand was on the back of her head and this time Ann did get the kiss she'd thought was coming earlier. And it was a good kiss, hot and hard and tasting of fresh cum.
The hand was pressing between Angie's shoulder blades again, but now there was a second hand simultaneously pulling up from under her hip. She knew what that meant; tits down, ass up. This time when her big boobs rubbed against Ann's smaller ones there was no brassiere between them, just cum. She rubbed their tits together, loving the slippery feel of the smeared sperm.
The feeling she loved even more was when she felt the mattress give as Sandy climbed up and kneeled behind her, then pushed her skirt up and her thong aside. She wasn't getting his fingers this time, she was getting his hard cock, and that was the best feeling of all.
It was a feeling Ann was sharing as Derek's cock quickly responded to all the incredible action around him, especially his wife making out with Angie. He regained his knees between Ann's thighs and pushed into her wet pussy just after Sandy took Angie from behind. Both women moaned into their kiss as they felt the cocks drive home.
When Derek glanced around, he realized there were more than ten people positioned around the room with fewer than ten pieces of clothing on between them. He saw fingers and tongues in action on cocks, cunts and nipples. Here was a couple, there a solo, on the other side a threesome.
"Ann?" he said as he continued his steady stroking.
"Hmm?" she murmured as she broke the kiss and looked up at him.
"Don't look now, but I think we might have an audience."
With a wry smile, she said, "Well then, we'd better put on a good show, hadn't we?" And pulled the woman down for another kiss.

### ### ###