Thanks again for your continued support on this series everyone - it's really cool to see so many of you voting each time, and I love hearing your ideas about where you think the story will go!
For chapter two it was an even closer call, but with just over 46% of the votes the most popular option this time was... A! On we go...
*****
Lena slowly paced up and down between the bunkbeds, letting the tension build as she decided how much she wanted to screw Zara over. Suddenly she broke into a smile, and she turned to face the other three girls. "Ok my friend," she said, fixing Zara with a stare, "would you rather spend the next round naked, or make Hailey spend the next round topless?"
As beside her Faith burst into laughter, delighted and scandalised in equal measure by Lena's bold ultimatum, Hailey threw her hands up in the air in outrage. "Hey, why am I involved?" she scowled. "I'm not part of this!"
Lena simply rolled her eyes. "In case you forgot Hailey, you just pulled my shirt off in the hallway," she replied dryly. "I'd say you very much made yourself part of this."
"Yay, Hailey's playing too now," Faith smiled, clapping her hands together. "This is getting exciting!"
"No I'm not," the captain fumed, giving Faith the finger, but no-one paid her any attention.
"So, Zara?" Lena said, turning to her friend. "What's it going to be?"
Zara, who had been quietly sitting on the bottom bunk as she weighed up her options, leant forwards and rubbed her knees. "Well... it doesn't feel fair to drag others into this, but I certainly don't want to be naked for the next round..." she said, as across from her Hailey angrily puffed out her cheeks. "So I'm sorry captain," Zara continued, breaking out into a grin, "but I think you're going to have to get your tits out!"
"Well, that's definitely not happening," Hailey said, sitting back as she defensively folded her arms over her chest. "Like I said, I'm not part of this game."
Zara looked over at Lena. "Well, what if she just says no?" she asked, gesturing at her stubborn teammate. "What do I do then?"
Lena cocked her head to the side. "Well, I did say would you rather 'make' Hailey spend the next round topless..." she smirked, suggestively letting the end of her sentence hang in the air.
Hailey immediately spotted the danger and nervously scooted backwards. "Wait, Zara," she said, pointing her finger at her friend, "may I remind you that as your captain I - ah!"
She was too late though, as already Zara had launched herself off the bed and rugby tackled Hailey around the waist, flattening her back against the mattress. "Guys, help me!" Zara giggled, straddling Hailey's waist and grabbing her wrists as she pinned her friend down.
"I swear to God, Zara" Hailey panted, twisting and writhing as she tried to get free, "I am going to murder you! Get off me!"
It was no good though, and although she never stopped fighting Hailey was powerless to stop her friends as first Lena jumped across to help, grabbing Hailey's legs to stop her from wriggling, before Faith added herself to the mix by flinging herself onto the bed to yank Hailey's arms up above her head.
"Hey, I'm getting a sense of deja vu here," Lena chuckled, as with her hands now free it was her turn to tug Hailey's t-shirt up over her boobs. "But of course, you've got quite a bit more to show off than me," she said, giggling mischievously as she reached down to jiggle Hailey's much larger tits about.
"Guys, you are all so dead!" Hailey shrieked, panting breathlessly as she lay there exposed and unable to cover herself. "Stop touching me!"
"Sorry, what was that?" Faith laughed, helping Lena to pull Hailey's top all the way up so that it covered her face. "I can't hear you!"
The other girls laughed hysterically as they watched the now muffled Hailey trying to twist her way out from underneath them, and Lena continued to tease her friend by playfully slapping her boobs from side to side and pinching her nipples. Eventually the gleeful trio took pity on their half-naked captain, and between them Lena and Faith managed to tug Hailey's t-shirt completely over her head before rolling off her.
"Dickheads," Hailey gasped, gathering her tits in her arms as she was finally able to sit up again. "I'm getting coach Richards to bench all three of you tomorrow," she grumbled, hugging herself as she started to get her breath back.
"No you won't," Lena smiled, "you need us to play, no matter what we do to you."
"Whatever," Hailey grumbled, bringing her knees up to her chest and hugging them to hide her boobs. "So I have to stay like this now?" she asked, batting Faith's hand away as her friend reached out to poke her in the ribs.
"Well I've had my go, and Lena's had her revenge on you now," Zara said, "so we could end the game there... or..."
Hailey, to the surprise of the others, shook her head vehemently. "No - I want my go now. I get to give one to Faith," she said. Finally Hailey had got what she wanted - a chance to end Lena and Zara's stupid game - but now that it was her turn she found herself wanting to play on.
"Ok great, another round!" Lena declared. "So Hailey - what's it going to be?"
"Please go easy on me," Faith said, nervously twirling a strand of hair around her finger. "Remember, Zara and Lena were the ones who made you get topless, not me."
Unfortunately for Faith Hailey, who hadn't forgotten how her friend had pinned her hands above her head and helped Lena to pull her shirt off, wasn't in a forgiving mood. "Right, Faith - did you pack your camera for this trip?" she asked.
Faith was known for bringing her instant camera to big games and tournaments, which she used to take polaroid photos commemorating the team's wins to stick on the pinboard in her dorm room. "Yeah, I did," Faith replied slowly, suspiciously eyeing Hailey up and down. "Why?"
"Because I want to take a picture of you," Hailey grinned. "Now come on, get it out," she said, nodding over at Faith's suitcase.
Faith reluctantly retrieved the camera from her luggage and handed it over to Hailey. "Ok, there you go," she said, stepping back and biting her bottom lip. "So, what kind of picture do you want?"
"Well, that's up to you," Hailey smiled, changing position to sit with her legs crossed as she unfolded her arms to take the camera from Faith. Now that she was the one in charge she didn't mind being the only one with her tits on show - she held all the power, topless or not.
"Oh God," Lena chuckled, as from the side she watched Hailey plotting about how best to extract her revenge. "This should be good..."
Hailey turned and smiled knowingly at her friend, then she returned her attention to Faith. "So - would you rather pose for a topless photo which we'll slip under the boys' door, or pose for a naked photo which we'll slip under a random room's door?" she asked.
Faith, who had been quietly hoping for an easier choice, immediately turned ghostly white. "What the fuck Hailey?" she cried. "That's the most extreme one yet!"
"Yeah?" Hailey laughed, not feeling guilty at all. "I thought that was the idea, the dares get harder every time, no?"
"It's a good would you rather in my opinion," Lena chipped in, nodding approvingly at Hailey's idea. "Elegant, even."
"I know which I'd do," Zara said, watching Faith with interest. "What do you think you're going to choose?" she asked her friend.
"Fuck, fuck!" Faith swore, as she started to come to terms with the fact that she'd actually have to pick one of the two options if she wanted to avoid losing face. "I can't let the boys see a photo of me, like that" she said, trying to think clearly. "They'd be able to guess whose tits they are!"
Faith was probably right - she was one of the more petite girls on the team and had by far the fairest skin, so even if her face wasn't in the picture the boys would have a good shot at matching the boobs to their owner.
"Well, in that case there's only one thing left to do..." Zara teased.
"Oh God," Faith sighed, screwing her eyes shut. "Then I'll... I'll have to do the naked one..."
"A brave choice my friend, but probably a wise one," Hailey smiled, getting to her feet and then gesturing for Faith to stand up too. "Come on then - strip."
"Urgh..." Faith's pale cheeks had quickly started to turn bright red as the reality of her dare set in, but to her credit she did get up and start to unbutton her pyjama top. "This is unfair though," she complained as she slowly undressed in the middle of the room, "I've never even taken a nude before, and now you want me to give one to some stranger."
"If it helps three strangers have already seen me naked and lying on my back this evening," Lena said, as beside her Zara smirked.
"Yeah but you probably enjoyed that, you freak," Faith tutted, holding her night shirt together as she undid the final button. She turned to face the door and shrugged her top off, prompting a chorus of wolf-whistles from her friends, then she quickly stooped to pull down her pyjama shorts as she kept her back to the room.
Even though the girls had seen each other naked countless times, either in the shower or in changing rooms, Faith was still blushing profusely as she turned back around with her hands held over her boobs. This drew even more whooping, but then Faith ran out of courage and paused as she looked over at Hailey. "Like naked naked?" she asked, anxiously curling her toes into the carpet.
"Yep, naked naked," Hailey grinned, looking down at Faith's panties. "Drop them."
Faith didn't move.
"Here, let me," Lena said. She darted over to Faith's side and squatted down with her head by her friend's hip. "And off they come," Lena giggled, smiling up at Faith as she slipped her fingers under her panties and slowly eased them down.
"Careful!" In a panic Faith quickly slid a hand down in-between her legs as Lena stripped off her last item of clothing, then the grinning German gave her friend a cheeky slap on the butt as she straightened up again and chucked the panties on top of Faith's pile of clothes.
"There, and you're welcome," Lena smiled, going back to sit on the bed next to Zara as the pair grinned up at their embarrassed teammate.
"Ok, you ready?" Hailey asked, stepping towards the now naked Faith as she lined her up through the viewfinder.
"Wait!" Faith squealed, flinching away from the camera. "Can I hide my face at least? I don't want anyone to be able to recognise me," she said.
Hailey looked over at Lena and Zara, who both shrugged. "Let's say that you can cover up any body parts you like, but you can only use your hands," Hailey instructed.
"Oh thanks, how generous," Faith grumbled, looking down at her body and readjusting her grip to make sure that she was successfully hiding all of the important bits.
Hailey raised the camera back up to her face and smiled. "Right then, ready this time? Three, two, one - say cheese!"
"Ah!" At the last possible second Faith took her hands away from her body and used them both to cover up her face, hiding her identity as the camera flashed and captured her body in all its naked glory.
"Beautiful," Hailey grinned, pulling out the polaroid and giving it a shake. "You're about to make some random hotel guest very happy indeed," she joked as she watched the image slowly develop, revealing an increasingly sharp outline of Faith's naked full-frontal.
"Stop looking at it!" Faith snapped, plucking the nude photo from Hailey's fingers. She scooped up her pyjamas from the floor and then dove onto Hailey's bed, grabbing the duvet and hastily pulling it over her head.
Hailey laughed as she watched her friend hide herself away, then she remembered that her dare was now over too. "Oh wait, I don't have to be topless anymore do I?" she said. "It was just for one round."
"No," Lena reluctantly agreed, "but don't feel that you need to put those things away on our account."
Hailey, who was already unravelling her t-shirt and feeding it over her head, chuckled as she looked down at herself. "Enjoy your last look ladies," she joked, shaking her chest at Lena and Zara before she tugged her top back down over her tits.
Faith, who had managed to squirm her way back into her shorts underneath the covers, popped her head back up. "So is it my turn now?" she asked, holding the sheets up to cover her boobs. "I get to give a dare?"
"Yep," Lena nodded. "You're the last one to go."
"Ok, but do I have to give mine to Hailey?" Faith said, ducking back down underneath the duvet as she pulled her top back on. "Because I've noticed that someone has got off very lightly so far..." she said, reappearing as she began to refasten her buttons.
Faith, Hailey, and Lena all slowly turned to look at Zara, who shook her head indignantly.
"No, hang on," she complained. "I've already answered my would you rather, I've had my go."
"Your would you rather ended up with me being topless!" Hailey exclaimed. "You're the only one here who hasn't had to show any skin yet."
"Yeah, I think you can skip Hailey at this point," Lena said, turning back to Faith. "I don't see why we have to stick to any particular order, so you can give your would you rather to Zara if you want."
"Agreed," Hailey nodded.
"No, hang on, we're not agreed," Zara objected, but to no avail.
"Ok, good, Zara can have another go then," Faith said, fixing her pyjama top's collar as she finished doing it back up. "Right - first pick a number, between one and three hundred," she said, turning her attention back to Zara.
Her friend considered protesting further, but then seemed to give in. "Fine... two," she said, with a dramatic sigh.
Faith smirked. "Two? Are you sure about that?" she asked.
Zara's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Yes..?" she replied, trying to work out if she was being tricked.
Faith found herself enjoying this newfound sense of power too, now that her own embarrassing ordeal was over. "Ok then - well, seeing as someone has to deliver this," she said, holding the now developed polaroid up, but keeping it facing away from the girls, "you'll be the one slipping it under room two's door."
Zara shut her eyes and leant back to collapse onto the bed. "Oh for fuck's sake..." she groaned.
The girls' room was on the second floor, so to get to room number two Zara would have to make it all the way down to the ground floor, get across the main lobby, and then reach the far end of the corridor on the far side of the motel.
"Who guesses two?" Lena laughed, giving Zara a playful shove.
"Any chance I can change my number?" Zara asked, propping herself up on her elbows and looking hopefully across at Faith.
Her friend shook her head ruefully. "Nope! And you won't be surprised to learn that I'm not letting you make this journey fully clothed," Faith smiled, "so with that in mind would you rather -"
A) "Deliver this photo naked using the stairs, or deliver it topless but you have to hop there with your hands on your head."
B) "Deliver this photo naked using the lift, or deliver it bottomless but you have to crawl there on your hands and knees."
C) Faith didn't get a chance to finish her would you rather - suddenly Hailey's phone began to ring.