She would be glad to know, Sesshomaru was on his way home. He was panting just a bit. Kagome got his blood going for a little while, but it seemed nothing could make him feel better than that, than the 18 year old Rin. His presence came suddenly, as he literally pounced on her. Bringing her body down onto the bed. His lips pressing against her neck, nipping her with his fangs. His hand wrapping around her, clutching her stomach to pull her up somewhat. Making his crotch press into her ass, making sure she felt how much in heat he was. Just after fucking Kagome in the ass, just to torment Inuyasha, he needed more release.
"Rin....open yourself up for me."
------------
Rin had been in Sesshomaru's bed for many months now.
Every since the slightly awkward, then sexually open affair with her budding womanhood, Rin had given herself to Lord Sesshomaru's whims and in the end, he doted on her even more. She was happy though, still slightly naive and sweet as she ever was...she just wanted to take care of her Lord's....needs...
Next thing she knew, Rin was being aroused out of her own bed by the familiar hands, she'd come to recognize by touch. Still somewhat drowsy, she moaned softly, shaking her head to wake herself up. Rin felt his erection pressed against her, most plainly in the cloths of his hamakas.
Normally he wasn't so needful of her body, but Rin knew it was a type of 'Burning Moon' for her Lord Sesshomaru, and she nodded consent fully as she undressed from her night kimono and began to slide off Sesshomaru's clothes as well.
------------
His nails ran from the top of each shoulder, to her lower back. Carving into her skin, making her bleed, but not badly. His tongue curling, coming to the very part of her he knew would make her squeal. Pushing his tongue deep within her, tasting that beautiful nectar her pussy created.
He didn't want to just fuck her, he wanted to make her hot. As if she wasn't already. Being away for so long, it was a wonder why she didn't jump his bones right then and there.
------------
"MMPH!"
Rin arched her back quickly, bringing her quite quickly out of her sleepy reverie. Fingers...so tantalizing...down her back....so...soft...yet rough...
Then she felt herself be flipped over on her back, her legs over his shoulders...and Rin certainly DID squeal, tearing at her bed sheets.
"Sesshomaru! Stop! Stop teasing me! Where did you go THIS time...?"
-------------
"Kagome sucked my cock, but she didn't get me off."
He bluntly stated. Licking his lips, placing his silver head between her legs once more. Lapping up her juices.
"Kagome thought it would be best to share some of her toys...."
He brought up a dick shaped dildo, some other of the same type, and Sesshomaru brought out a melting, thick, long chocolate popsicle. He dropped it between her breasts. He was even tempted to draw a line from her anus to her cunt.
------------
"The miko?"
She was a bit perplexed...but wasn't surprised. He hated his brother...and would do anything to torture him...and...Sesshomaru-sama...DID have...an appeal...he was beautiful...but...she feel a slight pang in her chest when he mentioned her...
But she didn't get a chance to state her concern as Rin squealed once again in a smaller pitch as she felt his warm tongue over her pussy, and she gripped his hair tightly, strands threading through her fingers.
As he pulled away, she panted, a slight blush forming on her face. She watched as he pulled out the objects and felt that pang once again when he said her name...Rin was confused...was she...jealous...? But she didn't have much time to think as something cold and sticky landed on her chest and she shivered violently as the sudden temperature change.
------------
"She said you should suck it."
He was pushed slightly by her touch, but he didn't mind. His fingers parted her, and his tongue went on, reaching its limit, but trying to stroke more with its touch. This was not enough, and his cock was begging for its turn at her hole. Sitting up, with her legs still upon his shoulders. He aimed, and was dead on. Of course he decided to stretch her ass open, bringing her down upon his horrid cock.
------------
"I don't...LIKE it...when you go to her...it makes me...uncomfortable..."
She said slowly, as if almost afraid of offending him. Rin squirmed in his grasp, though, it was clear by her moans that she wasn't about to move from that spot. "Y-You know I-I'd do anything for you...m-m-m-my Lord!"
The last bit of the sentence was almost inaudible as she screamed in pain and pleasure, as Sesshomaru, spread her ass painfully with his cock. Rin felt it inside her, warm and pulsing against her walls, only her shoulders and above on the bed, everything else suspended.
------------
His hand came down upon her throat, pinning her to the bed. With a slight growl emanating from his mouth.
"I will fuck whom ever I desire my lovely little bitch."
This was how he acted, in his state. His hips began to move, and she was bouncing on his cock, but he would not find any satisfaction, as he was pulled away. Clawing, and biting, but sadly losing the battle. The next few moments would be hazy for Rin, but she would wake up in a cave like place. Where the walls, seemed to be breathing....
Pushing out from a small oriface on the wall, was a trendiled tipped tentacle. That was sniffing the air. Trying to catch the new scent that entered its cave.
------------
"NNGH!" She cringed, feeling his hand around her fragile mortal throat, his nails skimming dangerously close on her skin. She could tell he wasn't truly angry. Though highly displeased...had he been, she would've been dead in an instant...
Rin felt his hand close around her as she gulped, crying out loud and moaning as her ass was taken by his member driving deeper and deeper into her hole, her walls tightening.
Then...everything seemed...strange...she seemed so...tired all of a sudden...and it wasn't a normal tiredness either...this almost seemed...hypnotic...
Rin awoke, sore but...alone in an unfamiliar place...
She wrapped up her night kimono clumsily around her and walked slowly into the darkness, naively unaware.
"Sesshomaru? Sesshomaru-sama?"