Note- Not to be taken too seriously, just my wild imagination is all.
x
Kate Middleton was a passionate lover of life and her own sexuality. Something fueled by her years at Uni. Privately educated at an early age the forthright and free spirited young teenager had thrived on the attention she received from boys and girls alike.
When she arrived at Fife at the age of nineteen certain people had made preconceived ideas of her, even going so far as to see her as a potential bride in Royalty. But although she turned out to be an excellent student she did not intend to tone down on her rebellious side. Immediately named the prettiest girl in St. Salvator's Hall, her dorm, she had her own mind and her own agenda. It had not resulted from any particular epiphany but Kate Middleton desired to get laid often and have a good time.
x
Kate's current boyfriend, a senior by the name of Rupert, had suggested his best friend David would be perfect to give her tennis lessons. Also a senior he had been a teenage sensation and had reached the last sixteen at Wimbledon 1996. The sporty young brunette adored taking part in all different games. hockey, rowing, swimming and all had been thoroughly enjoyed by the fit Freshman. She had her long chestnut hair in a ponytail and had dressed accordingly in a white top and ridiculously short white skirt. She met up with the two men at the hard floor courts at back of the University at an early hour of nine. The sun had climbed in the morning sky and the weather was particularly clement for the time of the year.
"Hi, Kate. Ready to bang out some balls?"
"Sure thing, David."
The happy go lucky brunette had to supress a cheeky snigger at the good looking man's innocent remark and checked him out. At six feet he was taller than Kate and had a healthy complexion, toned arms and torso. In his tight shorts his thighs were ripped and smooth and his tight bottom filled out the back which Kate found rather fetching.
"You two play together while I fetch the balls."
Kate's fellow, Rupert was also in his tennis white's and cut a leaner figure than his friend. She looked around and noted that on this week day the courts were deserted. A wire fence went all the way around the court and was only accessible by a small gate. They began to knock balls at each other over the net while David yelled out suitable advice. Kate was a quick learner and David was impressed at how much energy the young woman had. Rupert ran around collecting loose balls like a ball boy and a pleasant twenty minutes passed quickly.
"Try some lobs."
David hit the balls high into the air and Kate reached out with her racquet to hit each one. Both David and Rupert could not fail to notice Kate's firm and rounded bum dimple as she ran about. It helped that her short skirt lifted up at the back to let them get a clear shot at her delectable backside. Both David and Rupert could not fail to notice the added fact that Kate was not wearing any underwear!
"Nice hams, Kate."
Yelled David, although what he really wanted to say was nice nates. For fun Rupert rolled six or seven balls her way and both men stood back to admire the view as Kate bent down to retrieve them, thereby displaying her half moons.
"Just give me five, guys." Said David as he stopped for a drink and surprised her by removing his sweaty shirt.
Now she got a better perception of his athletic honed physique. Being a fair haired person he had a smooth chest and his abs were perfectly defined. And now he was topless his ass was more noticeable and cut an alluring sight. She joined him and now he saw that her erect nipples cut through her tight top.
"Yeah, getting a bit warm."
Rupert shed his shirt and lifted his face to the high sun. Being a great joiner in Kate grabbed the bottom of her top with both hands and started to fan her upper body with it. As she undid her ponytail she shook her head to let her silky brown hair fly about.
"Yes, that is better."
Both men gawped at the sight of her perky tits freed up and instantly got hard ons.
"New balls, please." Quipped an amused Kate at the two distinct bulges in the guys shorts.
Davis gasped as Kate unzipped his shorts and took out his huge cock.
"Er, we're going to do this? Here?" Said a stunned David.
"Mm, hmm," hummed she as she put her drooling mouth over his knob.
With her top rucked up above her tits Kate sucked on him she fondled his balls and tugged his pants down to his tennis shoes. She licked the tip, stroked his nuts and flicked her snake of a tongue along his length.
"Fuck!"
Rupert had previously warned his friend that Kate was an insatiable type but this was something new. Seriously aroused Rupert dropped his shorts and put his dick in front of Kate's face as well.
"Yum!"
The horny slut gladly accepted the offered cock and started to suck him too. Now she had TWO men to play ball with. She took turns with both and they saw a look of total lust in her big eyes. When David popped out she sucked on Rupert as she stroked the other. Then she paid attention to the newer cock of David's and pumped her mouth on his length, taking him ever deeper each time.
"My god, Rupe. He's huge!"
Fuck this, thought Rupert who then spun Kate around and made her balance on the top of the net with both hands. He raised her tiny skirt up and parted her buttocks. As she wanked David she turned to see her current boyfriend enter her from behind.
"Ooh, lovely!"
Kate went up on tiptoe as Rupert shunted up inside her welcome cunt. The net shook as she gripped it firmly and kissed David. She felt her man sink his fingers into the pliant and creamy flesh of her buttocks as he persistently banged in and out.
"Oh, lord! Fuck!"
Kate instinctively pressed back into his groin, ensuring that his entire seven inches impale her. Rupert observed her cheeks jiggle lightly from his searching thrusts. The willowy brunette felt her pussy drool around his rigid shaft and she began to pant like an overheated dog.
David had moved to the wooden bench and had sat down with his dick waving in the air. Kate pushed Rupert back and disengaged from his shiny rod over to David, eager to take this new cock.
"Let me fuck this bloody thing!"
Kate spun around and sank back in a reverse cowgirl stance. She cried out from the wonderful sensation of his bloated cock head rubbing on her slippery cunt lips. David fed his knob to her slick opening and Kate slid down slowly. Slowly, taking inch by glorious inch, until her warm and welcome tunnel consumed his entire pole.
"Oh, that's so fucking good!"
It was a tight fit but he felt incredible inside of her. Kate pushed down all the way and then raised her left hand to indicate to David not to move. She stayed still for seconds and then started to shift back and forth in a sensuous grind.
"Here."
Rupert stood over her and she sucked on him as she quickened the rate of her gyrations. As the three of them got into a steady groove a couple in their tennis whites strolled up and took the very next court. Kate's tits bounced up and down in time with her rolling hips and David snorted as he began to push up into her. Each of her outward stroke was met by his hard thrust up and the penetration was everything she had imagined and more. "Hey, there's someone here." Said Rupert in alarm.
"Don't stop! Keep going!"
Rupert had pulled out and stood there looking sheepish as he glanced at the curious couple. David took over and licked Kate's pussy and she sighed as she luxuriated in his gorgeous cock. "Fuck me hard!"
David dug his shoes in and slammed Kate into the bench. Despite the hard wood against her back she cared not as she spun madly out of control.
Over his shoulder Kate saw the new couple looking on with wide eyes and mouths agape. She arched her back in a blatant and exaggerated action just to show off.
"Fuck me! Fuck me! I'm going to cum. Please, please, oh please!"
David growled as he gave her what for and he leaned over her as he doubled his stokes. He exploded and just pulled out to spray her pussy with his sticky cum. This triggered Kate to climax and she tossed her head back and propped herself up on her elbows.
"Oh, hi there! Nice day, no?"
Kate waved to the other players as she smoothed out her skirt and tugged down her top.
x
Despite the fact that Kate was an intelligent and independent woman, it had dawned on her at an early age that she was very comfortable in her own skin, and proud of her looks. Prolific displays of her bare bottom from high windows had earned her the nickname of Kate Middlebum, and after the recent public sex on the tennis court she craved more.
Rupert had acquired his dream motorcycle, a 1960's Royal Enfield Interceptor with 650 with gas charged twin shocks and a long pillion pad for passengers On the next warm Sunday he and Kate took a little trip on the road to Lochore Meadows. Situated in the heart of Fife it was a popular attraction with a variety of paths, track trails and bike parks. They planned on taking lunch after enjoying the scenery. Kate had on her black jeans that hugged her hips, plain tee shirt and knee high black boots. Rupert handed her a green helmet and she settled on the leather seat behind him.
"Hold on tight."
Kate held him around his waist and he cranked up the engine. He pulled back on the throttle and began to zip in and out of the weekend traffic at a nifty 70mph. The mix of the whining engine and the roar of air in her face excited young Kate, not to mention the persistent throb of the cycle between her legs. "Here, looks a nice place."
They found a shady spot under a big oak and stretched out on the warm grass. Both of them very relaxed and pretty soon Rupert was all over Kate as they laid on the long grass. Oblivious to anyone else they took things further and Kate fished out her boyfriend's erection and proceeded to give him a blowjob.
"Oh, you saucy minx!"
He laid on his back as Kate took long licks of his mushrooming cock head and made it super slick. Her tongue seemed to have a life of its own as she swirled it in slow, rotating circles around the knob. Rupert wallowed in the fantastic attention before looking up to see a couple peering at them from about fifty yards away.
"Heads up." He said and attempted to shove his boner back inside his pants.
Kate became extremely excited and clapped her hands in glee.
"Let's give them something to REALLY look at."
Before he could protest Rupert was amazed as Kate ripped her tee off and rolled her jeans off over her boots. With her beautiful body bared the two onlookers got a great view of her superb figure. Tall and slim with a small waist and a firm rack, maybe a size B, Kate was simply stunning. And her cute derriere screamed out to be pinched and groped as she raised it up in the air behind her.
"Kate."
Kate smiled as she looked over her shoulder at the hypnotized man and woman and slid her panties down over her boots. Rupert's erection strained in his fist as Kate took it and popped it back between her desirable lips.
Now in her element the hot brunette sucked on his dick with deliberately loud noises, designed to amuse her new found audience. Kate was unashamedly fully exposed and between sucking off Rupert she stared back at the two voyeurs.
"Oh, shit!"
Rupert had reached the point of no return and shot his load over Kate's left breast. As he recovered both he and Kate noticed the couple had left.
"Bugger."
Kate got up and cleaned her dripping boob, picked up her crash helmet and got up on the back of the cycle.
"Come on, Rupe. Let's go for a spin."
Kate was still stark naked aside from her black boots as she settled on the pillion, squirming and wriggling her nether regions on the black leather. Rupert gunned the starter and took off at about thirty.
"If you insist."
"Oh, I do, I do. Come on, darling. It'll be fun!"
Kate giggled from the thrill of sitting on the back of the cycle with her bared thighs apart and her pussy rubbing on the seat. She loved the feel of the smooth leather against her most sensitive spot and a jolt of pleasure went through her. Pedestrians began to notice the naked nubile on the bike and Kate waved back to all the interested onlookers.
"Hi!"
She yelled at a passing motor car and the driver did a double take as Kate flashed her bare tits at him. She bobbed up and down on the seat and made sure that anyone looking got a good, hard look at her muff and asshole. As Rupert darted down the back road he returned to the same spot as before.
"That was amazing!"
Said Kate as she removed her helmet and put her hand between her thighs.
"I'm dripping!"
"Who's this now?"
Rupert saw a line of five 750cc motor cycles belonging to the Blue Angels MC of Scotland. They saw a stack of beer cans and a big container of crushed ice. The men in jeans, white tee shirts and black cuts looked at the naked firm of Kate Middleton in stunned silence.
"Hello, boys."
Rupert became anxious as his girl moved from one biker to the other, feeling the rough leather of their cuts and pretty much showing off her stupendous naked form.
"May I have a beer?" She asked one who gawked at her glistening quim.
"Sure."
Kate bent down and was sure to let them all get a look at her firm behind as she retrieved a can from the big stack and opened it. She took a long slug, tipping her head back and letting the golden liquid dribble down her exposed boobs.
"Like what you see?"
Kate gave them all a sideways glance. Her heart beat fast and her pussy tingled like mad.
"Kate. Shouldn't we be going?" Asked a nervous Rupert.
"Hush, dear. The Angels are thinking."
The sexual tension was suffocating as the obvious leader just stared ar her in silence, not believing his eyes. Kate knelt down at the feet of the tallest biker and unbuckled his belt and unzipped the front. His boner sprang out and Kate grabbed the swaying dick. As he looked down she captured the bell end between her pursed lips and drooled down the upright shaft.
"Mmmm!"
Kate hummed happily and cradled his balls and pushed her head down firmly. His dick slid down her throat and he gasped loudly as she cocked her head and slid up and down on his length. Her left cheek puffed out as she sucked and gagged until he came hard and pumped his cream down her throat.
"Holy fuck!"
Kate gulped hard and turned to the biker with the broad chest and bushy beard. She got onto her haunches and squeezed her tits together to make one big boob slid down on his turgid cock. Her mouth opened and she let out a long trickle of spit that trailed down her cleavage as if in slow motion. Then she poured the remainder of the beer out onto her nipples and wetted them nicely. With her almost captivating eyes on his she tit fucked him, making sure she took his entire length up inside her home made fuck channel.
"Fuck my tits, darling."
The guy bent at the knees as he thrust up into her slick cleavage and Kate flinched as he erupted and splattered her neck and boobs. A big cock slapped against her left cheek and Kate opened her mouth and filled it with man meat. She coughed and groaned as she jerked the thick shaft and ran her tongue along the hot prick. Yet another offered up his erection and Kate took it and began a rapid passing of the batons, going from one to the other in fleeting swipes of her lips. She stroked and sucked and sucked and stroked until both cocks exploded simultaneously and splashed her face.
"Gosh!"
Cum ran down Kate's face in thick drops that made their way to her chin. Her right eye was glued shut from a direct hit and she groped for the next cock to be serviced. Sure enough a big organ bumped on her lips and her tongue curled around the bulbous head and flicked the smooth shaft back and forth. The unknown biker grunted and spewed his cum onto her face, leaving thick strings attached to his glans and her lips.
"All done?"
Kate gurgled cum and spit and someone tossed her a towel. She wiped her sticky face and looked about for her ride, but Rupert had split.
"That bastard! Well, he can stick this relationship right up his bottom!"
END