It was almost midnight and I was talking to him on the phone again. The way he spoke with a lowered pitch, and danced his words around me, teasing me so well that my skin pricked with goosebumps, made me beg to be on the phone with him every night. Tonight, I brought up how some horny man fingered his slutty girlfriend in public and laughed about how bold they were.
We laughed until he smoothly said into the receiver, "You would like me to do that to your little cunt, wouldn't you?"
I was silenced with shock. I felt my pussy clench, as my hands instinctively dove down to cover me. He made me feel naked already.
I whispered into the phone afraid that anyone might hear, "Maybe I would, yes."
He made a warm humming sound of consideration, "Hmm, I know that you would baby."
The warmth in between my legs grew, my cunt getting wetter as he serenaded me with his deep cheeky consideration.
He got closer to the receiver so that every gruff word sounded as if it were whispered directly into my ears, "Just like you, my little slut. Wants to be fucked nice and hard, wide out in the open."
I gasped and my cunt clenched again. He chuckled.
"Did that thought just make you wet baby?" he asked, his words sweltered with condescension.
"Yes." I dipped my fingers into my cunt and felt around the hole I wished he would fuck.
"What are you wearing for me tonight, slut?"
My fingers felt around the lace and satin bralette that was tracing my tits, right above the matching shorts. The shorts that covered just enough of my ass that you couldn't see my little pink thong. I imagined him with me, how he would tug my shorts down so that my sheerly covered pussy would be out in the open for him. How he'd swerve his fingers over my lips, into my glistening cunt, making me moan quietly for him.
"I'm wearing my blue bralette and shorts for you," I finally said breathlessly.
He released a soft chuckle. I could just imagine the grin that was spreading over his face. He took a second to leave me squirming in the silence. A bigger smile forming on his face, I could imagine.
"Does the hungry little girl want to see what I'm wearing for her tonight?" he said, relieving me of the searing quiet.
I couldn't say yes fast enough. The desperation in my voice making him laugh again. He knew he had me in the palm of his hand. My desire was burning so intensely for him, that every simple word he could throw at me I would eat up as if I was starving. He waited a moment, and then my phone vibrated with a message. I opened it up, eager for whatever he was about to give me. I saw him, draped lazily on his bed. His bare chest right above his thinly covered cock.
"Fuck, I would suck that thing so well if I was there right now," I blurted out.
"Why don't you come over then?"
"Can I?" I asked, springing out of bed.
He only lived a short walk away so if I left now, I could be there in ten minutes. I started pulling down my shorts to replace it with sweatpants.
"I do have conditions though baby, I'm sure you understand." He interrupted. "I want to see you in those lacy little shorts and top."
"I can bring them to change into," I assured him.
"Are you still wearing them?"
I pull up my shorts quickly, "Yes, but I need something warmer for the walk."
"Not if you want me to let you in," he laughed tenderly. "Show up in nothing but that sweet little outfit of yours and I'll make sure you get nice and warm inside."
"Okay," I said, uncertain.
"Good girl," he replied, before he hung up the phone.
I looked at myself in the mirror, from a distance I was sure I would look at least somewhat modestly dressed, even if it were not season appropriate. I was thankful that he hadn't thought of the slippers cozy around my feet. The cool gravel would have made me colder the longer I walked. I pulled a tote bag over my shoulder, and threw my wallet and house keys in, before I started towards the door. Everyone was asleep so getting outside wasn't going to be much more than a stealth mission.
Outside the wind quickly cooled my tits, so that they poked hard against my top. I walked quickly so that I could warm up. I wasn't too concerned about being seen, everyone in my area was either old or on their way to it. The only dodgy people around were the neighborhood kids. I still didn't want to risk it, so I sped up even more. I was practically flying when my phone rung. The sound pierced the air. I froze and looked around, terrified it might have jolted a light sleeper awake. I answered, as I kept rushing for his house.
"I changed my mind," he begun, "I don't think I care to see those sexy shorts of yours tonight. Ditch them. See you soon."
"I am only wearing a thong!" I interjected eagerly.
"Good, I look forward to seeing it."
The phone resorted back to dead silence, and I was left alone with his command. I stopped in my tracks and pulled the waist band down with my free hand. I knew that at least I was almost there, and no one was even going to be awake to see this. I pushed the shorts into my bag and kept trudging forward, my ass jiggling in the cold air, protected only by a little thread of pink fabric. I pushed until I was only five minutes away. Suddenly, my phone rang again.
"You know, now that I think about it, I think I want to see those tits when I first see you. Get rid of the top, baby."
I couldn't speak, I was so astonished. The line was silent. He was waiting for me. I thought about the cock that was waiting for me, how he would use it to fuck out any inhibition in me. I imagined him pulling my hair as a congratulations on the good little slut I was for him. Fingering my pussy as he held up my head next to his lips so that he could whisper what a good girl I was for walking with my tits out to his house. I slipped off my bralette and tucked it into the bag before I sped down the street. I sped until I was running. My tits flying up and down as did.
"I did it!" I said, the wind clapping around me.
He waited on the line. I was almost less than two minutes away when I heard him again. I stopped and quickly held the phone to my ear.
"How will I know when you're here?" he asked.
"I'll come ring the doorbell," I said, straining for breath.
"No that won't do, I don't think you should wait out there for me. Not dressed like you are. Tell you what, find a nice loud song to play over your phone's speaker, and keep your phone's torch light on."
I couldn't believe it. He knew exactly what he was asking for.
"I'll wake people up. They'll see me," I argued.
"I'll see and hear when you are here. That way I can let you right in," he said innocently. "Oh, and baby, walk slow, I don't want you wasting your energy before you even get here."
He hung up. I looked in my library for a song. It was some overplayed pop song that had been in my head a couple of weeks ago. I flipped on the torch on my phone and started walking briskly. I saw lights spark briefly, but I walked quickly so that I wouldn't see who came out. I eventually came to his street and pounced for his door. He hadn't met me outside like he said he would.
I looked at my phone to see he had texted me. Leave the music on. Leave the light on. I'll be there soon.
Panic ripped through my body. I looked around and hoped with all of my might that no one would wake up. I was almost in the clear when his neighbor sprang outside, frustration coursing his body, looking for whatever deviant had woken them. He saw me, though I wish he hadn't, and smiled slyly. His frustration quickly faded and was replaced by a look of ridicule.
"Out late, aren't we mam," he said sweetly.
"I'm visiting a friend."
"want to make a pit stop?" he pressed, with a chuckle under his breath.
"No, I really should just get inside."
He walked closer to me, so that he could rest his hand on my lower back.
"Surely the sweet little porn star can give me five minutes before she goes and loses the rest of her dignity."
He cornered me against the front door and began stroking the side of my body. He leaned in for a kiss, but just before his chapped lips could smother mine, the door swung open. We almost fell over, but someone steadied me. The neighbor balanced himself, and then looked back at me.
"She's mine," he said warmly to the neighbor. "Go get your own."
The neighbor looked over him angrily, and then strode home.
"Slut!" he yelled with his middle finger in the air.
He released me and stood in the doorway.
"Would you like to come in, you impeccably dressed young woman?" he asked, soothing my nerves with his gentle voice. He pulled me closer to him so that my hard tits, warmed against his chest.
He brought his lips to dust past my ear, "So I see you're a good girl."
The door still stood open behind me, so my ass was cooled by the midnight air. But I didn't care, he made every other part of me burn against him.