All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. All characters within the story that need to be are 18 years of age or older. Hope you enjoy!
This is the continuation of The New Boarder series, in which Sammi has moved in with Veronica and Larry, a young married couple, in order to attend her freshman year of college. Not a totally unusual situation but many interesting things develop. As mentioned above, comments are always welcome and reviewed.
*****
Sammi was confused. Sammi was puzzled. Sammi was excited.
Sammi could hardly imagine what had happened just that short while ago, and what Veronica had said. Sheknewwhat she had said but was that what she meant? If shemeantwhat she said, could Sammi really be a part of it? If she meant what she said, Sammi would HAVE to be a part of it.
She could hardly breathe thinking about it. What had she said?
"So, what didn't happen today, that you kind of stopped, would you like for it to happen?"
Plus, have you ever been with another woman?"
"Maybe we should try that too. And, I'm sure Larry would love to watch that."
Those were the things she'd said and Sammi thought she might be willing to try it all. But, all of it meant going places she'd never been, doing things she'd sort of done, some of them, but certainly not all. It made her shiver.
It also made her speculate just a little, something she wasn't particularly comfortable with but sometimes had to be done. Finals were approaching and that would require study, lots of study -- she had to pass and have reasonable grades if she wanted her parents to continue funding her school. And, more importantly, right at this moment, keep her living with Veronica and Larry and whatever might be happening there.
If it did happen, and she was sure it would, well, pretty sure after what Veronica had said, it could put a hole in her study time, depending on what and how long and, shit, she was going berserk with this thinking and not knowing. But there was only one way she'd know.
Maybe she should just ask. They had been standing in the kitchen, cleaning up after dinner and Veronica had just stood there and suggested these things to her, right in the kitchen. But, what words could she use and how would she go about confronting her about it. "Is this a good night for me to join you so I can have sex with your husband." She used the F-word sometimes and that's what Veronica had said to her. "You didn't fuck him, did you?" She wasn't going to be 'making love' to Larry, that was for Veronica to take care of. So, for her, just having sex might be the best choice.
Guh, this was so hard, she thought. How'd she gotten into this in the first place? Stupid listening at their bedroom door that wouldn't latch properly. Then recording it. Without that she'd never have known that Veronica had taken a pair of her panties from the laundry basket and made Larry sniff them. Actually, she had finally made him taste them. Of course, she had worn them the next day under those baggy shorts so that Larry could look up the leg and see them one more time. And that's how she had gotten into the middle of all this and was well on her way to going at least one step further, and maybe more. After the oral sex that had happened the other morning though, that one step was a big one.
It had gotten a little more complicated lately -- maybe those things Veronica had said to her kind of, in one way or another, negated the complications but Sammi wasn't sure. Her parents had given Larry and Veronica money for room and board, exactly what they'd have paid Ohio State for them. Veronica had suddenly realized that Sammi was spending her own money for lunches and had evidently felt very guilty as she was now giving Sammi 'lunch money'. It was nice not to be spending her money for lunches, but it made Sammi feel a little like a third-grader again, getting her lunch money from 'Moma'. She felt a little like Veronica was trying to force her into being a little girl rather than the hot, long-haired, and nicely proportioned babe she knew she was. And that was different for her too, feeling that way.
Veronica, in the meantime, was wondering just why she'd said what she said to Sammi. She decided she had gotten a little excited when she'd realized what had happened between Sammi and Larry and her hormones got the best of her, the wrong ones anyway, and she'd said things she might want to take back. But, how could she take them back? The girl-girl thing particularly. She'd never really thought about something like that before but, there'd be just the three of them and there were two females. Plus, she thought she remembered saying something about Larry enjoying that. She hoped Sammi didn't think she wanted to go off somewhere with her, and, well . . . Anyway, she hoped she'd said something like that.
It had been two days now and she was in the kitchen fixing dinner. But she was still thinking. She decided she'd just have to talk with Sammi about it. Sammi had looked a little shocked and uncertain when she'd said those things, at least what she thought she'd said, so maybe she wasn't really ready to try those things. She also wasn't quite sure how to bring this up to Larry. She was certain she knew what his reaction would be but she did wonder if he'd put on his 'good guy' act and refuse, but then give in when Veronica insisted. If she really wanted to torment him, she could bring it up, let him refuse, and then just say, "okay."
She decided that's what she'd have to do - not the refusal, just the talk with Sammi about it.
Today at school, Andy had told Sammi in his usual very indirect manner, that he wouldn't mind having another date with her as the first one had been . . . And right there, even his indirectness had disappeared and he left it hanging. The suggestion, not that other thing. But it was that other thing that Sammi was thinking of.
She'd gone online to try to find out why it had hurt so badly the first time, the fact that he seemed to think that slippery little tube she had just kept on going forever. So, he had just plunged that instrument in, like he thought it might come out the other end - and it had hurt. She'd read that some women actually find it pleasurable but she evidently was not a part of that 'some women'. She had chuckled while she was reading, thinking that maybe she'd get one of those Sharpie's and draw a line on that thing and tell him he needed to stop before the line disappeared and if it did disappear, the date was over and there'd be no more of them. Andy did need a little practice though if he was going to match Larry in the oral department. She might be able to help him there a little if she wanted him to get better.
She had told Veronica that Andy was a techno-geek and Veronica had suggested that techno-geek rhymed with nerd and, much as she didn't like to admit it, in some ways, it was very true. Sammi was a little ashamed of herself now because that first date with Andy was just her way of 'rewarding' him for all the ways he'd helped her and she was realizing just how egotistical that was and was fighting to feel ashamed about it. Andy had wanted another date and she was about to agree to it but was probing herself to determine why she was doing it. It would make Andy happy, that was for sure. If it ended like the first date, it would make her happy as well but she knew it was a sham as she had no feelings of affection for Andy. He was just a good friend who enjoyed helping her and she was thankful for that, but that was about as far as it was going to go.
Maybe it was just give and take. Each would get what they wanted. As long as Andy understood that and wasn't looking for more. She wondered why things couldn't just be simple. She'd just tell Andy she liked his cock and they could have dates and have sex but that would be all and he'd say that was fine was him and he enjoyed it when she gave him a blowjob too, before they had the sex. No romance or attractions or connections or any of that crap. So simple. She'd skip the part about it being kind of payback for all the help he'd given her. But then, it wouldn't be that simple thing she wanted after all. Shit!
'
She'd run into Andy outside of U-hall and gotten the usual big smile.
"Got any problems today, Sammi?" He always wanted to help but she couldn't tell himhewas a part of the problem she was having.
.
"All good, Andy."
"Want to go out with me on Saturday?" Still the big smile.
"Um, not sure about Saturday."
"How about Friday?" She wasn't sure about Friday either, not until she talked to Veronica. But there was Andy, eagerly waiting for an answer.
"One or the other will be good, Andy. Just need to do some checking."
"What do you want to do?" Andy would have been a great straight man with the questions he was asking. This wasn't exactly a comedy but still.
"I decided last time, let's do what you want this time."
"I don't think you'd like the Techno-Gadget conference that's going on downtown so I think probably you should choose. I'm happy just tagging along with you."
Everything he said just fit in so well with what she'd been thinking. He was like Beethoven, playing the tune but not hearing it.
"I don't know, Andy." She paused a second to think. The big smile she was still getting was making it hard to think.
She knew Andy didn't have a lot of money so she hated to do anything that would make him spend a lot of it. She also didn't know if Andy really enjoyed just being seen with her. He was tall and very gawky looking, not at all handsome and she knew what she looked like. That first date, guys had just ignored Andy and were hitting on her from all sides. Andy was so hard to read she couldn't tell whether he minded that as long as he was with her. Where they were going toend upwasn't expensive at all. Just the price of a condom this time. She'd be sure to take care of that expense and could keep the extras in the box with her other sexually associated gadgets in case Larry might . . . She had to stay focused on Andy here, who was still patiently waiting and grinning.
"Any movies you really like, Andy. We could do that."
"Yeah," he said, thoughtfully, then looked at her very earnestly. "You like to bowl?"
Hello, where did that come from?
"Um, I've bowled but not very often."
"You said for me to pick something. Let's go bowling." Andy's big smile had turned to a beaming smile.
She couldn't help but smile back at him. He really seemed excited, something she hadn't seen about him before.
"Okay. Does Friday or Saturday night make a difference?" She still had the Veronica thing on her mind.
"Not much. A few more leagues on Friday probably but still should be okay."
"I'll let you know then, soon as I get it figured out." She wasn't sharing with him what she had to figure out. But, that did put a little pressure on her to actually get it figured out.
When Sammi got home after her last class, Veronica was in the kitchen preparing dinner. She didn't see any sign of Larry who was usually in his lounge, with the newspaper.
She went directly to the kitchen after laying her books on the stairs. She couldn't help but ask.
"Where's Larry?"
"He had to work over tonight. Probably best though, right?"
Sammi could tell right away that they were on the same page.
"Yeah, probably. We need to talk, right?"
Veronica shook her head. "I may have talked too much already."
"And that's what we need to talk about."
Veronica sighed. "I may have pushed you a little too far and, if I did, I'm sorry."
How to answer that?
"Nothing has gone too far yet, and I am not picturing anything going any further than I'm willing to go." She was amazed she'd said that but now it was up to Veronica.
Who was just staring at her, mouth a little ajar as she aimlessly stirred the green beans?
Sammi decided to grease the wheels just a little.
"I've got a date with Andy, either Friday or Saturday night. I have to figure out which, depending on what else may be happening." A knowing and questioning look at Veronica. "I thought I might bring him here after the date like I did before, if that's okay with you."
Now she saw Veronica's eyes open a little wider. It was an open invitation to do a little more peeking, as she'd done before. She'd made no attempt to hide it, no pretense of making it a private happening. Sammi could see the look on Veronica's face changing. Not only that, but she could feel the change in herself as she actually began thinking about being watched like that. You did that sort of thing in private - she'd always known that. But, in this house, that didn't seem to be the case and she could actually sense the heat rising inside of her and wondered if her face was reddening a bit as she could feel the heat there too.
"You want me to watch?" Veronica said quite matter-of-factly.
"If you'd like." Their eyes were locked. "Actually, please do. Knowing you are there will make it more... .Her head went back and forth as she thought. More dangerous, provocative, intoxicating, arousing, overwhelming? Yes, she decided, all of them. "More...
"You watched us once, I'm sure you remember. So, I think I know most of the thoughts and words that are in your mind."
A smile and a nod from Sammi. She was sure Veronica knew.
But that was only part of what needed to be talked about. In fact, it wasn't even why she had originally come to the kitchen. All of that was still hanging between them.
Veronica decided she was the adult so it was up to her to keep the conversation going - going in the direction it had originally been headed.
"About the other, all those things I said." That wasn't helping much.
"And all those things I heard." Sammi was willing to help push it just a little.
"After what you told me about the morning when I left you with Larry, which, by-the-way, he never mentioned to me although the look on his face when I teased him about being there with you was a pretty clear confession. I guess the rest of that stuff is just a kind of natural progression."
It sounded like a paragraph from a biology book or something but Sammi certainly understood what she was saying, no matter how she said it.
"When?" she asked simply.
"You have the date with Andy. Which would be best for you?"
They were talking about this like it was a pair of ladies getting together for coffee or something equally casual, not having a bizarre and mind-boggling sexual experience with the husband of one of them who had no idea what was being discussed in his absence.
"Should we have Andy on Friday and then, um, the other on Saturday?"
Now it was "we" and the "other" which hadn't been totally determined yet, for Sammi at least. Maybe Veronica knew but she hadn't shared that yet. Plus, was this something that Veronica alone would determine, or would Sammi have some input as well?
"The other," Veronica said, raising her eyebrows and smiling. Could she say what she was thinking? Could she make it as simple as it seemed to her? Maybe the simpler, the better, she decided. That would be it.
"Let's just do this. On Saturday night, after Larry and I have gone to bed, you just come to our room . . . and we'll see what happens."
See what happens? She had a good idea of what would happen. Only the details were missing. And maybe that's the way Veronica wanted it. Spontaneity. That's how it had been that morning with Larry and it had worked then. Very pleasant results.
Actually, Sammi was kind of enjoying the planning they'd done. The ladies were in the light and planning. The men were in the dark, but it would be a pleasant darkness for both of them, perhaps Larry the most. Definitely Larry, as Andy would still be in the dark after Friday night.
They agreed. Much as she wanted to do it, Sammi thought a high five might be inappropriate when it was celebrating what was going to happen on Saturday.
Friday night came and Andy picked her up, not needing to come inside this time as he had already met Veronica and Larry. They drove to the bowling alley, which wasn't far away, and Andy seemed unusually excited, very unlike him, just to be taking her bowling. Of course, she was curious why.
When they had parked, Andy had run around and opened her door and she followed him to the back of the car where he opened the trunk, surprising her by lifting out a pebbled maroon bowling bag. Then, holding it in one hand and her hand in the other, he led her proudly toward the bowling lanes, obviously having been there before.
They registered, got shoes for Sammi, were assigned an alley and he again led her along, dropping his bag on the seat at alley 32, the last one at the end of the building.
"Now," he said very decisively, like he did when he was talking about one of his techno things, "let's find you a proper ball." He led her to the racks of balls and she wondered what was so different about them that he needed to find her a "proper" ball. She was about to find out.
"They usually have balls here that vary from about six pounds to sixteen pounds. Sixteen is the heaviest you can use. That's what mine is but I think you need a lighter one. Six pounds is for little kids so I expect twelve pounds might be good for you."
The balls there were actually loaded on racks by weight, as closely as it could be controlled, and he took her to the 12-pound rack.
She started to grab a ball.
"Whoa, you've got to get one that fits. Put the two middle fingers of your right hand in the two holes, right to those second knuckles. Then, stretch your hand so that the top knuckle of your thumb just fits into the thumb hole. If the holes are too close together, you're not gripping the ball, you're just squeezing it and it'll slip out of your hand and you can't control where you're throwing it. If they're too far apart, you can't get a good grip and you're almost sure to drop it sometime."
So, he watched her "try on" bowling balls, and the tender way he touched her hand, spread her fingers, pressed against them with his own, was amazingly sensual. It wasn't just the touching, it was the obvious concern for her and his wanting everything to be perfect that was affecting her in a surprising way. She and Andy had had sex together, but this was even more satisfying than the sex had been.
At last, he was satisfied and they headed back to alley 32, or lane 32 as the bowling people like to call it. It wasn't exactly political correctness, but similar. Protecting the "brand" was important and "alley" wasn't a word that most people found enticing.
Andy took his ball out of the bag, gripped it tightly, setting it on the ball-return carousel.
"Wait," Sammi said, quick to observe. "When you picked up your ball, your fingers only went in to the first knuckle and not the second." She was proud of herself for seeing that.
"Yeah, it's a finger-tip ball. Lets you get more lift, spin, and power when you throw it."
Now she was totally suspicious. Not exactly suspicious she guessed, but it seemed pretty obvious, all of a sudden, that Andy was not a casual, roll the ball down the alley, kind of a guy. She knew a little about bowling - her dad had taken her a few times.
"So," she said to him, squinting with one eye. "What's the highest score you've bowled?" She knew what a 300 game was - 12 strikes in a row. She'd never gotten two in a row. "A 300?" she added, a teasing note to her voice.
"No," he said, smiling. "I rolled a 289. Got tapped on the 12th ball. Seven pin wobbled but wouldn't fall."
She had no idea just what that was but she guessed it meant he had made 11 strikes in a row and something had happened on the 12th.. She had no real idea either how hard it was to have a 300 game. She just knew, from the way he said it, that he was proud of it and it had to be good.
So, they bowled. She saw an Andy she could never have imagined. At school, he was tall, gangly and a little awkward at times. Here he was smooth and fluid, his movements polished and impressive to watch. The thick glasses and the slightly bucked teeth seemed to disappear, pushed away by the precision and actual beauty and repetition of the grace he showed each time he gripped his multi-colored ball and propelled it down the lane with a power she never imagined he possessed.
His first game was a modest 192. His second, a more satisfying 231. She had a 79 and then finished with a 102. When she came back from throwing her last ball in the 102 game, she leaned toward him.
"I broke 100," she said, barely getting it out before he kissed her.
"Good job," he said quickly, the astonished look seemingly frozen on her face.
Andy put his ball and shoes back in his bag, helped Sammi with her shoes, and quickly, they were in the parking lot, headed for his car. He had her hand again, only this time she was returning his grip, something she hadn't done before. And that was because this wasn't the Andy she'd come into the bowling lanes with. Not by a long shot. Andy stashed his bag in the trunk, opened the door for her and was quickly around and in on the driver's side.
He glanced over at her, as he enjoyed the simple pleasure of just looking at her. Always had. But this time he was getting a return look that he hadn't seen before. He liked it. He liked it a lot. He liked it even more when she leaned over and kissed him.
"Thanks for taking me bowling. It was very eye-opening."
"Eye-opening?" came the puzzled reply
"Very much so," she said, a teasing smile on her face.
Andy still wasn't getting it.
"I don't know what you mean."
She felt a little sorry for him, the way she was teasing, so she kissed him again. She wanted to compliment him but didn't want to disrespect him in order to do it. She hated to say, "you were always such a geek, but tonight you were beautiful." Maybe she could just leave off the first part and let him figure it out for himself.
"I just loved watching you bowl. It was just so, well, smooth and effortless. It looked so easy for you."
"It is now, but it wasn't when I started. I bowled like you do back then."
His eyes widened as he realized what he'd said. Sammi just smiled back. He was so, well, just innocent. And she could say that she used to bethat waytoo, when she'd just started.
"I'm sorry," he said from a reddened face, his eyes dropping.
She lifted his chin and gave him another kiss.
"Maybe, if you help me, I can learn to be a better bowler. Maybe get over a hundred every time."
"I can do that," he replied eagerly. "I can get you to 150 easy in a year."
Sammi's heart was beginning to tingle and feel a little warm. Andy's enthusiasm was catching, and it was all about her. He wasn't being bashful at all about showing it. She hadn't imagined that this guy could make her feel and think like that. She was learning. She was learning what things were important. She wasn't there yet, but it was a good start.
"Want to come to my place again?"
A nod and a smile from the driver.
"Got some good snacks. Veronica said we could help ourselves if we came back there."
Now a look of admiration and longing like none she'd ever seen before. She reached over toward his right hand which was gripping the steering wheel very tightly.
"I need to hold the wheel to be sure nothing bad happens. You never know." She saw his Adam's apple bob. "You could just slide over a little, get right next to me."
Andy had said before that his car was a 2016 Chevy Tahoe and it had a kind of bench seat in the front where she really could slide over and sit right up against him. So, she did. Actually, she liked the car. It was big enough that you could get in the back and . . . She'd promised Veronica so she forgot about that back end of the Tahoe, even though she had seen a blanket back there. Another time maybe. Kind of exciting.
She put that formerly reaching hand on Andy's leg and rubbed gently. His groan and contracting body told her it was maybe too much too soon, so she just held it still. Andy's breathing did sound like he'd just finished a quarter mile run so she was glad they were nearly to her house.
As they pulled up in front and Andy stopped the car, she rubbed again. Pretty much the same result as he desperately shut off the motor.
"Shit, Sammi," he grunted.
"Let's get inside. I'll get some chips."
Andy's look told her that chips were the furthest thing from his mind at that point.
She slammed the door going inside the house, to Andy's startled look. She feigned a chagrined look and they listened together for a moment. There was no sound, and Sammi was thankful for that. Walking in from the car she had begun to rethink what was going to happen, not with Andy but with the Veronica viewing thing. Her thoughts and feelings about Andy had certainly changed in the last few hours but still, as the thought of being watched washed through her, she couldn't help but feel the excitement building, actually adding on to the excitement that had begun with her rubbing Andy's leg and his reaction. That first time with him had been awkward for sure. Things had not gone smoothly, with bumps and interruptions as details were worked out. She was sure this time would be much better. She was going to do everything she could to make it much better, both for her and for Andy.
She decided to go ahead and get the chips, both to give Veronica time to get into position on the landing and also to see Andy's reaction. When she sat down on the couch beside him and offered him the bag of chips she realized that his look was telling her he was about to explode. She quickly tossed the bag aside.
She swung her leg over his lap and sat there, straddling him, her face just inches from his. Instinctively, he reached up, pulled his glasses off and tossed them on top of the bag of chips. This time she knew that Andy understood and was ready. She was too.
She leaned forward ever so slightly, until their lips met. As her tongue parted his lips, his groan sent chills down her spine and all the way to her toes. He was already enjoying her and, this time, she was enjoying him as well. Quickly, his hands went to her head and he held her face against his, tongues twisting, probing, sometimes just touching but full of longing and hunger, a craving for more. She felt his hands slide down her back, quickly over her butt and to the edge of her very short shorts and onto her bare legs. Andy wanted to touch skin.
Sammi had skin that wanted to be touched as well. Skin that he had touched before but not in the way she was sure it would be touched, caressed and sought after tonight. She pushed herself away from him and quickly, her t-shirt was off over her head. In the half-light of the lamp that Veronica had left on, purposely she was certain, she could see Andy's eyes, eyes she had never really seen like this, through those thick glasses, but eyes she knew could see her well from this close and seemed to be glowing with . . . it had to be desire and it was for her. The chills were gone now, replaced by a growing heat that was spreading everywhere, a heat she suspected would keep growing until it was somehow matched and joined by another heat and together that combined heat would . . .
She nearly tore the clasp ot her bra getting it loose. But she let it hang freely, waiting for Andy to tug it off, sliding it gently down her arms and adding it to the growing pile beside them. Then he just stared, first at them, then at her eyes, then back to her breasts, pale in the light of that single lamp. Then he was looking at her again, his hands moving but not yet touching, his eyes seeming to be asking permission to touch, as though they were priceless Faberge eggs.
She took his hands in answer to his look and pressed them where she knew he wanted them to go. He was gentle, so very gentle at first but, when she began to twist and press her body tightly into those hands the squeezing grew in intensity and when he finally began to pull on her nipples she could barely stand it. She felt like she wanted this to go on forever but, if it did, the rest of what she wanted wouldn't happen.
She held his wrists, holding his hands against her as she stood up, he leaning forward so he wouldn't have to let go. She thought she could hear his heavy breathing but wasn't sure it wasn't her own she was hearing.
"I'm going to let go of your wrists," she said, softly. "But don'tyoudare let go."
Andy grunted, and didn't let go. But he knew what she was going to do and had already begun to slide forward on the couch.
"You want to do it?" she asked, leaning closer to him.
Now Andy was torn. To do that, he'd have to loose his hold on those breasts she'd helped him grab hold of. Still, what was directly in front of his face, whose familiar aroma was filling his nose and beckoning him to further exploration, was still hidden and that needed to change. His hands moved to her waist, to those two stretchy bands, and, with amazing speed, he had them both on the floor, Sammi stepping out of them and just kicking them aside, not adding more to the pile . . . as of yet.
As she slid her feet apart, her mind was foggily debating about whether she should give Andy instructions. As his tongue slid up between her legs, she knew the answer. She wasn't sure whether Andy had learned something or if the heat that had continued to grow, all over her body, but particularly where his tongue was working, had made what he was doing seem absolutely perfect. So perfect, in fact, that his tongue, flashing away at that super sensitive nub, and then his lips that had replaced the tongue, were quickly bringing her to a point where she knew her brain would just close down and let all the nerves in her body take over, firing all in unison it seemed, her body out of control, doing things that she had no way of telling it to do as she went over the edge, swallowed by total ecstasy. It all happened quickly, like an explosion or an implosion, driving into her and out of her until there was nowhere else to go and nothing left to go there with.
She was collapsing but Andy's hands were under her buttocks, holding her in place while his mouth finished having its way with her.
Slowly her senses were returning. She wondered if desire was one of those senses. No matter,thatwas certainly returning. She stepped back one step and pulled on his hands. He was quickly standing.
"Get naked," she said, her eyes boring into his. It took no more than five seconds and he was standing against her, naked. She hadn't looked on purpose but she knew it had to be there. She knew because she could feel it pressing against her stomach. Not her belly but her stomach. He was taller than she was but still.
She held it with both hands as she slowly lowered herself to her knees. It was in her mouth and quickly against the back of her throat. A few quick bobs of her head, accompanied by what she thought were wonderful groans from above her head. A few more and he had her arms, pulling her up. She knew why he'd done that and knew it was about time to get the condom she had secreted away in the pocket of those shorts. As she began to move she realized that she was too late. Andy had already pulled one from the pocket of his own shorts. It just made her know that they were doing this together, something she hadn't thought of before she'd watched him bowl tonight and the way he'd looked after her so carefully. Before, it had all been her, paying him back for his kindness and stealing a little pleasure for herself as well. Her own way of whoring she had giggled to herself. But all that was gone now.
The couch was full so she just lay down on the carpet, Andy lowering himself above her, the condom in place. There'd be no trip to the kitchen for paper towels this time.
She felt him press against her and she helped guide him into place. She couldn't help but have the tiniest pang of fear as, the last time, it had hurt. Not the stretching but the bottoming. This time his hands were on the floor, his eyes on hers and he was entering so very slowly, gentle beyond what she could have imagined, knowing what she knew. Little by little he was filling her, and watching her. This tall and gawky techno geek was a tender and, yes, almost lovingly caring partner and she was treasuring every moment with him.
He was watching and pressing forward ever so slowly and the feelings she was having as he filled her were like none she'd ever had. This wasn't something she'd done often but this was certainly different than those few others had been. She felt a gentle tap far inside of her and reached up to pull his face to her.
"Thank you," she whispered very sincerely as his head went to her neck and he began to move. She was amazed as he thrust into her again and again, and there was only that gentle tapping on some of those thrusts. She had read that it could be pleasurable and this was certainly that. It wasn't just physical. It was emotional as she knew it was his way of caring for her, of cherishing her enough to consciously avoid hurting her in even the slightest way.
Quickly, all of that disappeared from her mind as she was caught up in what was happening, in the sounds, the feelings, the touch of skin on skin. And then it was his turn as she felt one final thrust, then he stilled and she could feel him pulsing as she did her best to squeeze with each pulse.
They lay there quietly when he had finished, most of his weight on his elbows. She started to tease him about the hickey she knew he had left on the left side of her neck but she sensed that would ruin things for him and he would apologize until he left for home. She'd take a photo of that with her phone, but not till tomorrow morning. She'd print it out and stick a copy in that box of paraphernalia she had in her underwear drawer. It was her first hickey and she was glad she'd saved that for Andy, even though he didn't know it.
She did go to the kitchen to get a paper towel after all, but just to wrap up the condom and throw it away. She hoped Veronica didn't snoop in the trash for that,
Veronica. She'd forgotten all about her. She'd thought that thinking about Veronica watching them would spike her excitement. She hadn't needed that at all. The excitement was just between the two of them with nothing outside of what had been happening.
They dressed and sat on the couch, finally eating the chips she'd brought out, and drinking the cokes she'd gotten as well. They talked, and it was fun. She'd always liked talking with Andy, but now the talk meant a little more. Maybe a lot more as time would pass.
Finally it was time for him to leave. She gave him her best Sammi kiss but thought the Andy kiss she got in return was even better. He was out the door with a last wave and she was headed for her room and, hopefully, sleep.
As she passed Larry and Veronica's room it hit her broadside and she nearly stumbled. This was Friday and tomorrow was Saturday and . . .
She was sure she'd get to sleep . . . eventually.
*****
My sincere thanks to norafares for her wonderful editing!