**This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to people or events in real life are pure coincidence. All people in the story are at least 18 years old**
*****
After a tough year of training and playing, the team was finally getting somewhere. The girls had been playing together for several years but had never really achieved much; they hadn't won any tournaments, had no trophies in the cabinet and hadn't even got a single runners-up medal.
This year was different. They got a new coach before the season. He was a breath of fresh air. He pushed them like they had never been pushed before but he still cared for them - having a laugh when it was appropriate.
Right from the start there had been a noticeable improvement. Normally if they won a game it was through chance or due to the other team not having their best players. This year however, everything was coming out trumps. They had won their local league and had gone on to smash the regionals too. Now they had a month to get ready to go to nationals; the pressure was on.
They trained hard every day for several hours and it was all they could talk about. Sadly though, they often discussed the biggest hurdle facing them - funding!
They had to work out how to get the money to pay for 8 of them to go across the country to the national tournament and stay there for 3 weeks! They had calculated they needed to raise at least 10,000!
They had tried several different fundraisers - bake sales, car washes, bag-packing at the store, but it was too slow. At this rate they would only raise half the needed money by the time they needed it.
Although they played in the under 20s category most of the girls had only recently turned 18. Through years of exercising they were slender and toned. They all knew each other well and they had good chemistry.
One day after training they were in the showers. Chantelle complimented Lina on her breasts. They had really come along in recent years and now that she was 18 they were a beautiful, bounce B cup. Chantelle admired them without any real jealousy, despite her AA cup. Her boyfriends had all still liked her boobs and enjoyed playing with them, which kept her self-confidence high.
Lina said that their friend Freddy had asked her if she would show him her boobs and she was horrified. "As if I would just show them to him, i'm not some kind of slut!" she said.
"You could have charged him 50 to see them..." chimed in Jenny. "I would totally do that!"
Chantelle's face lit up. She had just had a light-bulb moment. "Hey girls...you know the way we have been having trouble raising fund to go to the nationals?? she said slightly sheepishly.
"Yeah?!" they all said, not really following her train of thought.
"How about we set up a kind of reverse glory-hole in the club house? We're all over 18 now, so it would be perfectly legal..." Chantelle suggested.
"A what??" Sasha was horrified. "I am not having pervs touchin' my bits for money!!"
"Well, they wouldn't get to touch us then... We could set up a big wooden wall with holes cut out for our boobs and our pussies and we could just be on display. " clarified Chantelle, thinking on her feet. "And we could show our pussies sometimes and our butts other times."
"And how would it work?" asked Sue, seemingly warming to the idea.
"We could have just two or three holes cut out and take it in turns to be on show. People could pay 50 to go into the room and see our boobs. 20 for our butts and 100 for our pussies. There would be a strict no-touch policy so we wouldn't need to worry." Chantelle said.
Now Kira spoke up. "We could make it a competition... If someone guessed who all the three people on display were, they would win a prize. Like we would let them touch our boobs or something." She had obviously been mulling it over.
"Ooh, great idea Kira!" said Chantelle. "So are we in?"
"We'll have to run it past coach...and I don't fancy being the one to do it." said Sasha.
"Amanda and Sara can do it, they are his faves!" said Chantelle. And she was right. They took an immediate liking to coach and had made it their mission to be his favourites. They always laughed at his jokes and it seemed to pay off.
When they went to him with the idea he was somewhat taken aback... "Bu, bu, but are you sure?? You will attract all the horny men and boys and your families will surely not be too impressed. They will say it was my pervy idea and I don't want that!"
"Not at all," said Amanda. "We will each talk to our parents and explain the situation and we are certain that they will give us their support. They have stood by us though all our previous years of losing so they understand we are willing to do anything to get there this year!"
"Ok then," said Coach, slightly resignedly. "Let's set it up for next month."
The girls went away delighted with themselves and shared the news with the others and got down to planning.
The day finally came when they were going to bare all. They were nervous but obviously excited. One of their cousins worked in a wood shop in town and had built the wall for them and they had decorated it with curtains to block the view when they needed it to. They set up the club room to be fairly dark but still bright enough that the paying customers wouldn't complain.
In the build up they had also added a further element to the competition. If anyone guessed all 8 of the girls from their bits, they could make out with one of the girls of their choosing for 10 minutes, including any groping they wished to do.
They were pretty certain that nobody would go for this option because, while they thought some people would want to they didn't think anyone would be desperate enough to spend that kind of cash; they estimated it would cost at least 300 because the girls would be taking it in turns to appear and therefore you might need several goes to see them all.
They all got behind the wall and stripped down. Chantelle, Kira and Jenny went first. They had coach on the door and he started letting people in.
Their nipples were rock hard and as the evening progressed their pussies got wetter and wetter; they often had to wipe them down between goes to avoid them dripping down their legs.
"Who knew being on display like this would be so exciting," Amanda said to Sasha on one of their breaks. "I wonder if anyone has guessed us yet."
A couple of people had come close, guessing 2 out of the 3 on display at different times but nobody had yet guessed them all. The girls breathed a sigh of relief at this as they didn't really want themselves pawed by strangers.
As the night went on, the coach stole some glances inside at the girls without their knowledge, and without paying. He was married, and happily so, but who could not look at these 8 girls and wonder what mysteries their bodies held. After all they were young, fit, athletic girls in their prime. Being their coach also meant he had seen them in very little clothing, tight fitting clothing at that and he had often fantasized about them inviting him into the showers with them to help them "unwind" after a hard training session. He had secretly been ecstatic with their suggestion to fundraise in this way, especially as they were making it clear that he had no part in the planning of it.
He kept track of people's guessing slips and was slightly saddened to see that nobody was making any progress towards guessing them all. And then it hit it.
HE could make guesses and use a fake name. And since the groping was going to be done with them behind the wall he would be free to do it without them knowing it was him. And really, he wouldn't even be guessing as he had their rota written down to check the customers' guesses.
He waited til it quietened down towards the end of the night and made his first "guess".
When he told the girls someone had guessed they squealed. "OMG!! I never thought someone would ACTUALLY get it right!!" said Chantelle. She was especially terrified as she was one of the guessed boobs.
She lined up alongside Lina and Jenny and they put their boobs through the holes. Coach approached Jenny first and tentatively reached his index and thumb out to touch her right nipple which was rock hard - moreso now that she knew they were going to be touched. She recoiled slightly at his touch but then the tingling she got in her pussy felt so good that she started to moan lightly and wish he was doing more than just fondling her newly adult boobs.
Next he moved on to Lina and changed his technique. He reached out with both hands and gave each boob and generous grope. Squeezing tightly but not too hard. She squeaked, but it was more with pleasure than pain; or maybe a mixture of both.Finally He went to Chantelle and, although he knew he wasn't meant to, he kissed her boobs lightly but then quickly ran his hands over them to disguise the kissing, lest they complain or look out and see it was him.
"That felt SOOO good!" the girls said to each other after. "Hopefully the rest of you will get a chance to be felt up too!" It was something that they never thought they would be saying but the sensation of being groped by a stranger through a wooden board was amazing.
Coach waited another 30 minutes or so before making his second "guess". This time it was Amanda, Sasha and Sara. All three of them had C cups and he enjoyed tweaking their nipples and caressing the round firmness of their teenage titties while they tried to suppress their contented chirps.
He told the girls in an interval that it had been the same man the two times and that he might get them all right at this rate. They were getting nervous now. They had enjoyed the anonymous groping but were apprehensive at the thought of a 10 minute make out session where anything was possible - groping boobs, squeezing butts and fingering pussies. Basically, no oral sex or full on sex and no obligation for the girls to touch the man's penis.
Although they had no idea it was coach, he didn't feel bad because they had easily met their fundraising target and then some, so his deceit wouldn't them cost them money.
It was nearing the end of the event now and he realised he was running out of time! He waited for a quiet period again and made his final guess.
He waited til it was Kira, Sue and Amanda. After all, he needed the two he hadn't seen already and Amanda was his fav.
It was a fun contrast this time. Sue, like Chantelle had fairly small boobs, Amanda had C cups and Kira was a small B cup. He took his time, admiring their boobs. The different sizes as well as the differences in nipples. While Sue had fairly small breasts her nipples were large and dark. Kira on the other hand had fairly small nipples. Amanda's contrasted with her tanned skin and he loved that.
After having his gropes he left and waited a while before going to see the girls. He wanted the flushness to leave his face and he wanted to give the girls some time to get over their excitement.
When he went to talk to them he found them surprisingly upbeat. They had all enjoyed being touched and although they were nervous about who would get picked, they were all secretly hoping it would be them.
He had thought it over for a while and told the that the winner had asked if the girl could be blindfolded as he would prefer to remain anonymous. He was a prominent figure in the town and didn't want rumours to spread. The girls all agreed and then eagerly asked "WHO DID HE PICK???"
Coach really wanted to pick Amanda but he knew that because she was his favourite that it increased the chances of someone suspecting him. He couldn't pick Sara either for the same reason.
"Well, girls, the "winner" is...SASHA!"
The girls were visibly disappointed, now showing their true desires. Except for Sasha of course who was visibly excited. Her nipples poking the material of her thin top out.
They fashioned a blindfold out of a pair of pantyhose and sent Sasha into the room.
Coach waited a moment before entering. There she was standing helpless in the middle of the room. Fully nude. He admired her firm C cup breasts and looked her over, top to bottom, front and back. Taking time to take in every detail of her beautiful pussy. Almost fully shaven save for a cute little heart shape just above the slit.
He help her in his arms and started to kiss her gently, running his big hands over her delicate body. Pausing to play with her boobs, which were so much better when he could see all of her and not just anonymous boobs in a hole. He cupped her pussy with his right hand, letting her wetness lie on his finger which he quickly brought up to his face where he first smelled and then tasted her pussy. He has a rock hard erection that was poking her in the leg and he wanted desperately to pull it out and push it deep inside her. He squeezed her little butt with his left hand as his right continued to play with her pussy.
He teased her engorged clit and rimmed her opening with his middle finger. He nibbled on her nipples as she moaned and grinded on his hand. She was getting so excited. Never before had she felt this exposed and naughty and never before had she felt this sexually aroused.
She leaned in to his ear and whispered "I know it isn't part of the deal, but you can fuck me if you want". He was stunned. He knew he wanted to. His cock certainly wanted to. She grabbed for his cock and said "I'm on the pill, so you don't even need a condom!"
She couldn't believe she was saying these things but the arousal had taken over. He couldn't believe it either and he caved. "Let's do it!" he said
He whipped his cock out of his pants and started rubbing it in between her legs, moving it around on her clit and on her soaking labia.
Just then it hit her... "COACH?!?!?!??!" She ripped off the blindfold and turned around.
"Fuck!" He thought. "How will I get out of this one?"