The Young's backyard was silent, save for the birdsong in the arid summer air. In the middle of the yard lay Jennet Young, panting quietly, her succulent ass still pointed towards the sky. Her fingers absently soothed her labia, they felt raw and engorged. The young wife just stared at the calm water of their pool. Jesus, what came over her? She recalled her thoughts while she was furiously masturbating. Why did she imagine that moving man? He was pretty good-looking and so massive. Did he have a big cock? God, she just met the man and she was imagining him fucking the daylights out of her.
As she regained her senses she became acutely aware of her position. She shot up and looked around, did anyone see her in this state? No, they could not have, their yard was well protected. Phone? Video! She scrambled to find it, it lay face down in the grass. Inspecting the screen she was relieved that it was no longer recording, when she dropped it must have stopped. Unfortunately, her video was still sent to her husband. She gasped in embarrassment, should she watch it? Did she record the things she said? She had to know.
Jennet watched as this wanton slut frigged herself for the camera. She felt like she was watching some porn star, but it was her. Her sore pussy reacted to the naughtiness of the video, and she felt the rumblings of her previous arousal develop. Thankfully the video abruptly stopped, ending as it slipped from her grasp when she went to change hands pleasuring herself. Sitting back in relief she noted that her husband had not replied.
Back in the office, moments after he hastily locked the door to the private bathroom reserved for the executive branch, Duncan pressed the play button on the same video. He had the sound as low as possible, and he could just make out the desperate moans of his gorgeous wife. His cock was rock hard jutting into his boxers. He knew he shouldn't but he was thinking with his dick. Unzipping he popped his cock out and stroked it in time with his slutty wife's manipulations.
5 minutes later he was back at his desk, feeling guilty that he just shot a load of cum directly into the toilet bowl at work. He'd be fired on the spot if anyone found out. He worked in silent shame but in the back of his mind, he could not wait to get home to his wife. He was broken from his trance by his phone once again.
"When are you home? I've got a surprise for you."
Duncan felt his penis twitch, even after blowing his load earlier even the mention of sexual activity with his wife had his arousal returning. See his wife on camera was one thing, but knowing she was home waiting for him was all the better. He tapped out that he would be in after 6 and made a concerted effort to get off work on time. He spent the rest of the day with his penis at half-mast, waiting for time to go home.
Jennet could not believe herself, even after her solo backyard session she wanted more. Visions of her poolside fantasy played in her mind as she shopped for groceries. Flashes of her bent over the sunbed, fingers splaying her labia open to the world. She wandered the fruit and veg section absently. In her daydream, the dark shadow returned, his rampant cock pointed right at her excited sex. She reached back for it, struggling to angle its unyielding hardness. Her tiny hand roamed over its length, thick veins pulsed with power as she poised it at her entrance. The dark stranger pushed.
Jennet jumped with a start, the contents of her basket jostled around, nearly flying out. In her hands was a huge cucumber, she had been stroking it without thinking. She looked at a moment, her mind still hyper-aroused by the daydream. It had to be 10 inches long and thick like her wrist. It had a subtle curve and tapered at the one even thicker end. She imagined it thrusting between her oiled tits, growing ever closer to her pursed lips with every journey upwards. Standing in the aisle, she raised the thicker end toward to face, her lips parting as it approached.
An announcement over the loudspeaker broke her from her trance. Jennet hurriedly stuffed the vegetable into her basket and moved on quickly, hoping no one noticed her jacking off a cucumber. What was going on with her? She felt aroused constantly. It must have been this little exhibitionist streak she mused. She was beginning to realize she loved showing off, and her masturbation session by the pool had been so naughty, she felt she wanted to do it again. God, her husband was going to get it tonight she smirked to herself.
Duncan wove through traffic like a rally driver, it was 5:50 and he was not going to be late. After leaving work, he had all but ran to his car. His eyes were glued to the video Jennet had sent him earlier, he nearly ran right into someone's side mirror as he watched his wife jam three fingers inside herself. His penis felt painful as he sped down the highway, it needed to escape his pants and soon. With one hand on the wheel and the other massaging his tented slacks, Duncan pulled into their driveway. At 6:03 and he nearly burst through their front door.
"Babe I'm here!" He shouted to the house, almost out of breath. Kicking off his shoes and wandering the house Duncan didn't know what to expect.
"Up here." Came from upstairs. The bedroom. Duncan bound up the stairs, almost slipping over twice trying to get to his horny wife as soon as possible. The sun was sitting low in the sky. This left the room cloaked in a subtle orange hue as the last warmth of the day peeked through their large window overlooking the backyard. Jennet was nowhere to be seen.
"Sit on the bed, take off your pants."
Duncan had vaulted his trouser legs before she had finished the sentence, he sat on the edge of the bed with a shit-eating grin on his face. Eager to await whatever came next.
She finally emerged from their bathroom, smooth long legs first. Her athletic stems were adorned with opaque black stockings, she strode her way into the room atop black Louboutins, enhancing her taut calf muscles. The rest of her perfect body was hidden from view by a silken red robe. Jennet stood at the doorway, arms akimbo. Duncan drank her in with his eyes, her pert breasts peaked from the garment, teasing what held them up.
No words were spoken as Jennet undid the tie that synched the robe together, revealing her new black pushup brassier, her stockings were held up by a garter that framed the French bikini bottoms beneath. Standing proud she gave a smoldering look over to her loving husband. She felt a fire growing inside her chest, heat flushing over her body in anticipation. Jennet wanted to show off, she needed to display herself. The thought had consumed her thoughts all afternoon and she was determined to make good on them. Duncan continued to gawk at his wife, his boxered pitched with glee.
Still silent, Jennet strode to the dresser and picked up her phone, tapping away for a moment heavy rock music began to play from their speaker set up. As she faced away from Duncan, Jennet began to sway her hips to the music. Each pendulous swing becoming more and more pronounced as she felt the beat.
Leaning forward, Jennet let the firm round shape of her buttocks peak from the short robe, she shimmied quickly, further exposing her taut behind. Further and further down she bent until she grasped her stocking-clad ankles. Looking through her legs she saw her man upside down, studying her every move. She could feel the warm wetness of her pussy rising as she displayed herself. As she began the long journey back upright, Jennet slide her hands between her legs, up and up until they reached her black lace panties, she reached further back running her hands across the covered pussy lips and between her pert cheeks. She felt her dampness soaking the expensive lingerie.
Duncan reached into his boxers and began to stroke his penis. He felt like he was the hardest he had ever been. Jennet hadn't shown anything yet and it was still the hottest show he'd ever laid witness to. He went to fish out his cock to free it from its confines.
"No touching," Jennet ordered back over her shoulder. "Just watch." Her lips turned upward in a wry, mischievous smile as she turned back away. She arched and threw her head backward, sending her long black hair cascading down toward her butt. With a shrug she let the short robe fall from her body. Duncan followed it down to a pile on the floor, then took the long journey up her body as she turned on her heels.
Duncan's wife was a vision of sex personified, her ample breasts were held in place by a sheer black balconette, her pink nipples threatened to peak their tender nubs from the tops of her bra. The tiny black panties framed by the garter straps drew his vision towards what lie underneath. He could tell she had shaved her pussy bare through the flimsy material. He tried to peak to see the folds of her lips but she started to move to the music again.
Jennet rolled her body to the tune, feeling herself get lost in the flow. Running her hands up her flanks, she cupped her breasts and leaned forward to display her charms to her husband. Every move felt natural to her, the effect of parading herself about drove her even further into her exhibitionistic fantasy. Spinning around Jennet imagined she was a stripper, center stage, and the sole focus of the entire establishment. The smoke-filled room obscured the dozens of eyes transfixed on her every room. No hoots or hollers, just hushed whispers as every wanton male gazed at her, wishing they could touch her, to own her, to fuck her.
Reaching back she quickly undid the straps to her bra and let it fall away. Still holding her tits she sauntered over to her husband and revealed them, inches from his face. He leaned in it to feel their soft caress but she pulled back, waving a single finger as if he'd done something naughty.
"No touching."
With her full tits bouncing free, Jennet circled the room, rolling her body enticingly. She played with the straps of her garter, letting one, then two, then all four snap free. Duncan was zoned in on her pussy, he had seen it so many times before, but her sexy striptease made him feel like it was the first perfect time all over again. Facing him, Jennet peeled the front of the dainty material down, letting her smooth pubic mound come into view, she stopped just before the soft cleft of her clitoral hood. Letting her panties snap back into place she smiled as she heard an audible groan from her husband.
With bold confidence, Jennet swaggered to the large window that overlooked their backyard. The sun had now fallen low on the horizon and its failing light kissed her skin. She leaned into the window frame and danced to the music, letting her husband see all of her body. She deftly scooped up a small bottle, strategically placed earlier, and popped off the lid. Duncan watched incredulously as his wife poured warm coconut oil over her upturned breasts. He watched earnestly as the viscous liquid ran down her curves, coating her rock-hard nipples, and ran lines down her tight abdomen, soaking her remaining garments.
Jennet lathered herself before the window, the soft light gleaning of her skin, amplifying the exotic effect of her perfect body. She leaned over once again and began rolling her panties over her round buttocks. The now wet fabric balled its way over her humps, finally springing down as they crossed the peak of her supple cheeks. She turned around and shimmied her panties down her legs. Kicking them towards her husband. They hit his chest with an audible thud. He gathered them in his arms and inspected them for a second, taking in their subtle aroma.
She continued her dance in the window, on full display now. Her hands roaming her oil-slick skin, pinching and teasing her nipples before running down to her engorged pussy lips. She let out a silent moan as she stroked herself. Facing back to the window she pressed herself against it, through lidded eyes she looked outwards, still lost in her fantasy. As she peered at the late afternoon sky she thought to herself.
"Anyone could see me now! All they would have to do is be looking this way and they would see me." The thought ran through her like an electric bolt, she felt a shiver deep in her spine that peaked her arousal. Her eyes wandered around the landscape, hoping she might catch a wayward voyeur. Some houses had their lights on as the day gave way to night. Jennet studied them for shadows as she continued to sway in the window like some Amsterdam hooker.
She looked down to their new neighbor, she could see their whole yard from here. Then she finally noticed a light on. Her mind ran with a thousand scenarios. She knew someone had moved in there, were they watching? Had they been looked out their window at the right possible moment and saw this naked vixen dancing in the window? She bit her bottom lip and started to tease her pussy at the notion.
They would be watching her, maybe even playing with themselves like her husband was undoubtedly doing right now. Jennet pushed a finger inside herself and moaned, her hot breath fogging the glass before her. Still facing outside, she stuck out her ass and continued to explore her body, one hand pinching her tit as it pushed against the window. She felt her orgasm rising quickly.
Duncan watched on with wide eyes as his once demure wife stood by their window in display to the world, desperately frigging herself to what looked like a massive orgasm. He saw her legs twitch causing her plump behind to quiver enticingly. Her tiny feet danced while she writhed in pleasure, her top half smeared into the glass. Her eyes were shut tight as she concentrated on extracting as much pleasure from her body as possible. He had extracted his penis despite her orders and was stroking it slowly, not wanting to bring his own release just yet as he enjoyed the show.
Jennet had two fingers inside now and was working on her third, the divine pleasure she felt from stretching her nethers drove her to even higher sexual heights. She began muttering to herself and her audience.
"Do you like your wife being such a slut?" She didn't wait for a reply. "Anyone can see me here, touching myself. Your little slut wife on display." She was never much for dirty talk, but now she found it intoxicating. Her outward appearance was always so reserved, she felt so charged knowing that there was such sexual energy just below the surface. Duncan was loving it too, emboldened by the words he encouraged her.
"I love my little slut wife showing herself off. I want you to cum right there, cum for the whole world to see."
"Yes, the whole world, your slutty wife on show for the whole world." Jennet babbled breathlessly. Her ministrations were at a fever pitch, her fingers a blur as she slammed them in and out of her gushing pussy. The room was filled with both her moans and the enticing squelch of her juicing being churned. Jennet made no sense but continued to speak out half words.
"Fuck.. cum... slut.." Her whole body leaped upwards from her bent-over position, leaning heavily into the window. Body quivering and as she made sharp squeals her orgasm rolled over her. Her oily body mashed against the windowpane in an obscene sexual portrait. Jennet continued to rub and finger her sex elongating her pleasure until it was too much for her to continue.
She ended up still bent towards the window, her face flat against the glass as she gasped for oxygen. They were both still for a moment while she caught her breath. Duncan's penis was its maximum potential and he was trying everything he could to not jack himself to his own crescendo. He watched, one hand on his penis as his wife extracted herself from the window, still in her heels and stockings. She turned to face him, eyes falling to his turgid member. She looked like a woman possessed, some sex demon that had inhabited the hottest woman it could find.
She ambled to him, closing the gap in what felt like a single step. In an instant, she was on her knees. She attacked his penis, nearly engulfing it in a single stroke of her mouth. They had done oral sex plenty of times Duncan thought, but he had never seen such gusto from her. Kneeling low so so she could look up at him, her blue eyes were glazed over in lust. They held each other's gaze as Jennet slurped on his penis from tip to hilt again and again. Her cheeks inverted with the vacuum of her mouth.
His dick popped from her mouth, it bounced upwards and she spoke.
"I love this cock baby, please let me suck it." Duncan felt a little confused, she already was, but he sensed her submissive tone and quickly cottoned on to what she wanted.
"Suck that dick slut, earn my cum." He never spoke like this, but it clearly worked on her. Jennet dove back onto him, her throat developing his hardness once again. She worked as a true star, they had seen a few pornos before and she was giving the starlets in those videos a real run for their money. After taking him deeply she released him once again so she could lather his tool with her tongue. Making sure not to miss a single spot. The afternoon sun mixed with her efforts had caused her flushed face to shine with perspiration. Her dark hair stuck to her neck and cheeks in long strings. She almost violently stroked his cock with one hand looking up at him.
"Do I do good baby? Am I a good cock sucker?" Duncan felt prompted again.
"You're the best little cock sucking slut, honey. Do you want my cum?"
"Oh god I want it so bad sweety, can I please taste your cum? But I need you to fuck me so bad too, can you fuck me please?" Her eyes widened like a begging kitten. She was so lost in her fantasy and Duncan was loving this.
"You want my cock?" Jennet nodded quickly, still stroking his manhood. Duncan hissed in sharply, he needed to fuck her quickly before she set him off.
"You've been a good little slut baby, I'll fuck you if that's what you want?" Still nodding Jennet spoke desperately.
"Please baby, please fuck me, I want your big cock and your cum." SHe didn't wait for a reply, she wanted it too much now. Jennet jumped up and returned to her position at the window, displaying her oil-slicked ass back towards her husband, shaking it invitingly.
"Come here and fuck your slut. Fuck me as you own me."
Duncan was up and behind her just a quick, almost tripping over his underpants as he discarded them. Her round behind looked so perfect, in this light, he could almost see her pussy catch the failing sunlight with its wetness. Uncharacteristically he brought his hand down and slapped her right cheek, it felt almost natural with her in this position. Jennet gave a curt yelp, followed by a deep moan. Duncan decided to do it again, this time hitting the left cheek before rubbing her flesh.
"Oh yeah, own your slut." Jennet desperately rolled her hips in search of a cock to fuck her. Duncan needed no more encouragement and lined himself up, he pushed a felt her exquisite moist fuck hole and it felt like she sucked him in. His wife let out a quivering howl as he entered. Their combined anticipation being finally realized.
Jennet let out a short yelp as her husband draw his dick backward and then unceremoniously slammed back to the hilt. She tried to bounce herself off his strokes, loving the wet slap of flesh every time they joined. Duncan was blessed with the exquisite site of his wife's upturned ass, her fleshy globes rippling tightly before him. He resolved to bring her to another orgasm, one that he knew was approaching as he felt the familiar squeeze of her inner walls on him. Secretly pleased that he had jacked off this afternoon, it would help with his staying power tonight.
Jennet threw her head back, her body arching in pleasure. She looked out into the world before her, eyes settling on the lit window of the neighbor's house. She began fantasizing about who could be there, potentially watching her explicit display. Was it some old man, living alone getting a glimpse at this dirty wife? Or some young man having his first glimpse of a woman in all her glory? She felt an electric shiver run down her spine at the notion of someone watching her. Each thrust from behind drove her further and further from reality.
Her mind left her body, she was watching herself now from below. Seeing those full tits splayed against the window. Knees pointed inwards as they quivered uncontrollably. Something had been triggered inside her, some dormant need unleashed and it was driving her wild. She was convinced now that her dark stranger was watching her, stroking himself in time with every thurst driven into her dripping sex. Her hips began to buck.
"I'm gonna cum, fuck me, fuck me harder!" Her whole body stretched in preparation for her orgasm. Duncan did his darndest to hold on and continue his assault, he felt his balls rise up, he couldn't hold on much longer. They were both right at the cusp. Thankfully Jennet exploded first, her desperate moans fell silent and her tight body shook violently. Duncan felt her pussy clamp down like a vice and drive him over the edge with her. His warm cum shot forth into his wife's ravenous hole. He wished he had more cum but there was not much left for him to expel. Jennet didn't notice though, she was grinding herself hard into her husband when she finally drew breath, and a torrent of expletives come with it.
"Fuck. Yes. Cumming. Cumming. Fuck me." Her words came in long-drawn gasps. They both fell to the ground, Duncans deflating cock felling from her raw pussy. They lay on top of one another, both panting, coating in sweat and oil. Neither wanting to move as they basked in the afterglow of their union. Finally, not moving except for his mouth Duncan asked.
"What got into you, babe?" Jennet did not reply, she was totally comatose still. She finally mustered and they both rose, only to collapse together on the bed. Jennet's mind was racing, she had so many new feelings. The excitement she felt showing herself off like that was nothing she had experienced before. All she knew was, she wanted more.