Tony continues the story of his adventures with his young exhibitionist neighbor, Kelly. Find out what happens when Tony's wife discovers what's being going on...
E
***********
Hey there, Tony here! Long time no talk.
Let's see, the last time we spoke, I had just gotten back from my little road trip with Kelly, right? Well, I was worried about the guilt, and I was right to be worried. I had a hard time dealing with it, and Monica really picked up on my weird mood. I brushed her concerns aside, telling her I was just in a funk. After a while things returned to normal, more or less, except at certain moments when the guilt would creep in. All in all though, things were OK. I've never been unhappy with Monica at all, so it wasn't like I felt some lingering pull to get away or to cheat again. The fact that our marriage is basically very solid helped get me back on my feet.
Time went by pretty uneventfully. I saw Kelly come and go now and then, but we didn't have much interaction. She really seemed satisfied to have had the one encounter (well, one two-part encounter!) with me, and then go back to her boyfriend. I didn't know whether to feel relieved or hurt, to be honest, but that's the way it was. She certainly seemed to be affectionate with him, so I assumed all was well.
Kelly also seemed to still enjoy being an exhibitionist, though I didn't catch her as often. It took several weeks after our trip before anything at all happened, so I had almost decided she wasn't going to do any showing off anymore.
But she soon showed me otherwise.
She and her boyfriend left the house one evening as I was sitting on my tiny front porch enjoying a nice beverage in the cool, still air. She called back through the open doorway that they were just going to walk around the block and would be back soon.
I was sitting quietly in the inky darkness of my porch, but my eyes were adjusted to the dim light of the streetlight up the block, which cast an orange sodium glow over everything. They walked hand in hand down the sidewalk beside the house, not fifteen feet from me. Kelly glanced over my way, but if she saw me, she made no indication. Instead of walking down to the street, they stopped at the driveway, slipping into the slightly darker shadows between the front of the boyfriend's parked pickup truck and the front of the garage. I could hear the quickening of their breathing and the wet sucking sounds of their kisses as they made out there. Like a scene in dark sepia, I could see all but the most shadowy details.
I felt my cock growing hard already, but I dared not move. The street was quiet at this time of night, and sound carried easily. I was pinned where I sat, for good or ill.
They kissed for a while, and then the boyfriend (I felt a little ashamed that I had never learned his name) lifted Kelly's shirt and began to nuzzle her small, pert breasts. I was squirming miserably, unable to adjust myself to ease the discomfort that grew as my cock did. The street light behind them made his saliva glisten on her smooth, tight skin. He kissed down her belly and, unsnapping her jean shorts, slid them down. He lifted her onto the truck hood and knelt between her legs. She sat up, looking at his head buried between her legs, watching what I couldn't see, and fingering her nipples. He worked at her sweet little pussy that I remembered so well, and before long she came in a climax that seemed all the more intense for her stifled moans and squeals.
Kelly immediately slid down off the truck hood and knelt down in front of him, not even bothering to pull her shorts up from around her ankles. She undid his pants and eased out his hard schlong, which was silhouetted and backlit by the streetlamp. She started sucking him expertly, and I could almost feel it myself as she used every technique I had shown her. Soon his cock was glistening and dripping with her saliva, and I had to stifle a moan myself when she stretched her tongue to lick the underside of his head and then buried his shaft in her open mouth. She didn't even pause when a car turned into the street and drove past, briefly illuminating them both in the headlights' glow.
In the ten minutes or so it took him to cum, I found myself ramped up to a feverish level of desire. He straightened his back, hips thrust forward, and though he didn't utter a sound I could tell by the spasms and jerking of his body that he was emptying himself into Kelly's hungry mouth.
Good lord!
They got dressed, and I sat still as a stone as they made their way back up the sidewalk to the house. It may have been just a trick of the light, but I could have sworn I saw Kelly flick a little wave my way. It was just a tiny flutter of her fingers, down by her side, as they went past, but in my heart I sensed she had known I was watching.
That night, Monica and I fucked like we were 18-year-olds ourselves.
Like I think I have mentioned, Monica and I have a healthy love life. We take good care of one another's needs on a regular basis. So it was, just a few nights later, that we found ourselves cuddled up on the couch in the living room with a couple of candles burning, kissing and fondling and nuzzling and generally getting ourselves worked up.
I don't know if you remember, but I described before how we put the couch off to one side of the room so we could get frisky without looking straight into the neighbor's living room. We could close the curtains, but neither of us like to. The only downfall is one of the second story windows looks right down on us, but it's a kid's bedroom and they are rarely there until bedtime, and you can see when the light goes on. So we've always felt pretty safe on our couch.
Things were progressing nicely. I had loosened the short silky robe Monica was wearing, and as she leaned back against the arm of the couch, I nestled between her legs and started lapping her sweet pussy. She trims her pubic hair in a neat black little strip and her lips are shaved smooth, and I just love to taste her. Her clit gets so big and hard when she is excited, poking like one of her nipples from beneath her clitoral hood. My tongue loves to play with it.
I was enjoying myself immensely when I suddenly felt her stiffen.
I sat up and asked, "What's up, dear?"
I followed her eyes and saw that the light was on in the upstairs bedroom next door.
We both sat up and watched, and I said "It's darker in here than it is there, so if we're still I don't think they'll see anything."
So we sat and watched tentatively, waiting for the light to go back out.
But it didn't go out.
Kelly and her boyfriend (ah hell, I'm just gonna make up a name for him. I'll call him Billy. He looks like a Billy to me.) soon stepped up to the window. They started kissing, and they stood perfectly silhouetted, framed in the window. She knelt down and started undoing his jeans.
"Oh my god!" whispered Monica. "What is she doing?!"
Of course, I knew it was a totally rhetorical question, but I answered anyway.
"It looks like she's gonna give him a blowjob, dear."
She gave me a playful swat, but I noticed she didn't stop looking at the scene unfolding in the window. By this time, Billy's dick was out and hard as a flagpole. Kelly was stroking him and licking at the head.
I got up and led Monica to the end of the couch, and helped her to her knees, leaning over the arm of the couch so she could see the window. Kelly's head was now bobbing up and down along Billy's shaft. I knelt behind Monica and began playing the head of my cock along the wet lips of her pussy, getting ready to enter her.
"Tony," she protested weakly, "we really shouldn't be watching them like this."
I slid myself deeply inside her and reached around to hold her breasts in my hungry hands. I leaned over and whispered in her ear "I know we shouldn't." But it didn't stop either of us as I fucked her hard from the rear. She was pressing her ass back against me with every stroke.
Kelly devoured Billy with enthusiasm as Monica and I watched and fucked. She was as wet as could be, and I could feel her Kegel muscles milking me as I pounded her. Her nipples were hard little pebbles as I rolled them under my fingertips, and she was moaning with need. Clearly, the sight silhouetted in the window turned her on as much as it did me. She came more quickly than usual, shuddering and crying out, and completely soaking my already slick cock. I kept pumping hard as she came, and reached around to rub her clit, driving her quickly to a second, smaller orgasm.
As soon as she had recovered her breath, Monica told me to get up on the couch. She had me lie on my back and crawled between my legs. I saw right away what she was doing -- she was going down on me while watching Kelly and Billy!
I had to tease her a little. "I thought you said we shouldn't watch!" I laughed.
"Yeah, I know," she admitted between licks, "but it's so friggin' hot!" She took me deeply into her mouth to emphasize the point, making me moan out loud again.
By looking backwards, up over my head, I could just make out an upside-down glimpse of Kelly as she deepthroated Billy once or twice.
Monica must have noticed the subtle twitch, the slight pulse of blood in my cock, because she took the opportunity to tease me back. "Mmmm, you usually watch me. Should I be jealous?" She laughed, so I know she wasn't serious, but it set off a twinge of guilt nonetheless.
Soon, I was just to about to explode. I was so excited and turned on! I just lay back and enjoyed Monica's delightful mouth, knowing I was close...
I wasn't watching, but Billy must have made it just before me, because Monica paused just long enough to gasp, "My god, he just shot cum all over her face!"
She went right back to sucking me, and within seconds I was shooting my own load. My lovely wife took the first few spurts down her throat and then milked the rest from me, making a wonderful mess all over her hand and down my balls.
I looked up at the window just in time to see Kelly give another of her small waves, and then they disappeared from the window and the light went out.
"Tony!" Monica whispered in excitement. "Did you see that? She waved! Do you think she knew we could see her?"
I was tickled by her conspiratorial whisper, despite the fact there was no way we could be overheard.
"I'm quite sure she DID know."
Something about my voice caused Monica to sit up quickly, my cock still in her hand. She was still stroking me absentmindedly as she spoke.
"You've watched them before!!" Her voice rose sharply, a mix of excitement, surprise, and accusation.
I didn't know what to say. I couldn't tell what she was thinking, what her response might be. So, I told her the truth.
I don't know what made me do it -- guilt, most likely, but there was an element of excitement, too. It made me feel ashamed, but we've always had a pretty honest relationship, so I spilled it. I told her everything, from the initial faux pas of getting caught jerking off, to the first exciting glimpses of Kelly's exhibitionist side, to our dalliances as I taught her how to give a good blowjob.
I was horribly drained and crushingly depressed after my confession. I fully expected to be kicked out right then. There was a long stretch of strained silence. I didn't embarrass myself by apologizing just then, or trying to explain myself. If there was a time for that, it would be later.
Monica broke the silence. "So, do you want to be with me, or do you want to be with her?"
"You!" I answered immediately, thankful that I wasn't being shut out entirely. We spent the rest of the evening talking about everything, gradually figuring out where we stood with one another.
By the end of our talk, I was relieved that things looked like they would be OK.
"So, you aren't mad?" I asked tentatively.
"I'm mad as hell, and I'm hurt," she answered, pain digging in my heart, "but I think I understand." Monica glanced up at the window, now dark and empty. "I mean, that was hot as hell!" She chuckled in her throat and shook her head.
I put my hand over hers, not quite knowing what to say.
"I mean, you didn't go looking for a piece of ass, and you didn't cheat with the intention of hurting me. I can see how, in your twisted mind, you thought you were helping her." She looked up at the window again. "Shit, maybe you did help her. She sure seemed to give an amazing blowjob." She laughed a little, shaking her head again.
"I know it's messed up. I'm sorry."
Monica said, "Look, just don't keep me in the dark again. I might have been OK with your little lesson, if I had known. Hell, I might even have helped teach her a thing or two..."
My head reeled at what she was saying.
"Really?" That's all I could manage.
"Well, maybe. But you're not completely out of the doghouse, you know. I think you need to bring her over so we can all talk about this and get it out into the open. She needs to know how I feel."
And so I was left with my head spinning and heart pounding. The most amazing thing to me? When we went to bed we had sex again, hard and fast like teenagers grabbing a quickie. It was hotter than hell. She came within just a few minutes of me crawling between her spread legs, sucking her rock-hard nipples as I pumped hard into her. I came shortly, too, which kind of surprised me -- I'm no spring chicken any more. After I had flooded Monica's pussy with my cum, I was still turned on, despite my softening cock, so I went down her again. The mingled musk of both of our juices had me lapping hungrily at her soaked flower, and she came in a fresh gush of nectar.
We slept like babies.
As luck would have it, Kelly was the one to approach me about talking. She caught me working in the yard the next day, and said she had something she wanted to discuss. When I suggested Monica should be included, she gave me a funny look and her brow was furrowed, but she agreed reluctantly. I told her Monica knew about our adventures, and her horrified look made me feel terrible. I quickly reassured her, letting her know Monica and I had talked a lot, and I thought it would be OK. We all needed to talk, but it wasn't horrible. She looked understandably apprehensive, but said she'd come over for dinner.
In my confusion and general befuddlement, I didn't even think to ask her what she wanted to talk about. I guess in my self-centered way I thought she, too, wanted to talk about what had happened and get it into the open. I had a little surprise in store.
As you might expect, dinner was a little tense at first. I barbecued chicken breasts and grilled vegetables, and we settled down to eat among a weighty cloud of silence. Except for a few comments about the food (I actually am a good cook!) nobody seemed to know what to say.
Finally, Monica was brave enough to forge ahead.
"Tony said you wanted to talk. I think that's good. We need to talk."
I heard a wretched sob escape from Kelly's throat, though there were no tears. Not yet, anyway. She said in a pitiful voice, "I'm so sorry, Mrs. Mac. I didn't mean..." She trailed off, voice choked with tears she was still managing to hold back.
Monica reached out and patted her hand.
"It's OK, Kelly. I forgive you for what you did. What Tony did." She cut me a look that said she had a much easier time forgiving Kelly than me, and I squirmed in my chair a little. "But it hurt my feelings, a lot. We've been married a long time, and Tony has never betrayed me before, so it will take a while to rebuild trust."
That seemed to break through Kelly's defenses, and she cried with abject despair. Monica was moved to put her arm around her shoulders, but I didn't know what to do. I was afraid to show any signs of affection, so I sat quietly until the tears passed. I felt like the turd I was.
When Kelly was again composed, Monica continued, "If we are going to rebuild trust, we need to be honest. All three of us. I need you to tell me, honestly, how you feel about Tony. Do you love him?"
It was a long, painful discussion, and dinner remained unfinished as we talked into the evening. But we all came to an understanding of one another. Kelly told Monica, as she had told me, that she did love me in a way, because she had known me so long and I had always been good to her and supported her, even when her family seemed to favor her siblings. But she made it clear she didn't want to steal me away, and she knew our age difference was too great for there to be any kind of long term relationship of a sexual nature.
The subject of voyeurism came up, and I was horribly embarrassed as the two women discussed what it meant to watch each other have sex with unabashed enthusiasm. That was not what I expected at all. We learn new things about our spouses all the time. It was also a revelation to me that Kelly had watched Monica and I on several occasions.
Holy cow.
Monica made it clear that she understood all of that and was OK with it, but that she wouldn't tolerate being cheated on. We needed to be open with one another. We all agreed, and a sense of relief spread through us all.
"I'm not even sure if I should bring up what I wanted to talk about, now." Kelly nibbled her lip and cast a glance at me that set my nerves tingling.
"What do you mean?" Monica asked her. "I thought you came over to talk about the pictures and the blowjob and all that?"
I was pretty much speechless from the whole discussion, so I just sat waiting.
Kelly looked reluctant to continue, and I felt that stab once again at her mixture of innocence, vulnerability, and sexuality. I began to sense a bombshell was coming.
"I, well, I wanted to see if Mr. Mac would teach me about anal sex. See, my friends said if you have anal sex, you're still technically a virgin and you can still get married in white and everything." Kelly was talking fast now. "So, I guess I wanted to see if you thought that was right, and if so, could you teach me? I've heard it hurts, and I'm really afraid, but Dylan really wants to have sex with me and he's frustrated that I won't let him, and I don't want to disappoint him all the time, and I know you'll be gentle with me, Mr. Mac, I trust you and..." Her rapid-fire barrage of words petered out, and she sat with her mouth open a little, as if she wanted to continue but had run out of words. Her excitement was also palpable, and I was dismayed to find I was a little turned on already.
I'm such a fucking man, sometimes.
Monica spoke first, before I had a chance to put a foot in my mouth. "Kelly, if that boy is frustrated after a blowjob like you gave him last night, there's something wrong with him! Don't let him pressure you, sweetheart. You get to decide what you do with him. No one else."
I felt myself about to be caught in the crossfire of a feminist diatribe, though neither Monica nor Kelly are really feminists, exactly. There was a strong aura of "girl power" charging the air, though. I wanted to defuse that fast, if I could. I couldn't really think of anything meaningful to say, so I blurted the first thing that came to mind.
"His name is Dylan?" I asked inanely. "I thought his name was Billy, for some reason..."
"Tony," Monica asked, exasperated, "what has that got to do with anything?"
"I know!" I protested. "I just don't know what to say. I told her before not to let him pressure her into things. Didn't I, Kelly?" I felt foolish defending myself this way, but I felt a little like I was about to be scorned along with all the pigheaded men in the world.
Kelly came to my rescue.
"He did, Mrs. Mac. He was very chivalrous and sweet. He got mad when he thought Dylan had tried to take advantage of me." She looked a little sheepish as she continued, "Dylan's not the only one who wants to try more stuff, though. I want to, too. Maybe more than him. It's just that I want to get married in our church, and I'm so confused. I can't get married there if I'm not a virgin."
"Really?" I interjected. "Your church is really that strict?" I knew next to nothing about her religion's tenets, other than the fact that they were very conservative in many ways.
"Tony, that's not really the point," Monica said, sounding a little bit peeved. "It's none of our business, anyway. But Kelly, sweetie, you're just rationalizing, aren't you? I mean, if you want to abide by your church's rules, shouldn't you avoid sex all together? I can't tell you how to live, but it seems to me you are just trying to skirt the rules. I don't mean to sound parental, but don't you think you'll feel bad about that?"
Kelly's explanation of her religion's rules, and how people followed the letter of them and that was it, was eye-opening. She was clearly very devout in her own way, and firmly believed she wouldn't be able to marry if she wasn't technically a virgin, and was very worried about getting into heaven. But she seemed to have no compunction about finding a workaround to the rules. She said the rules weren't made for us to understand or to speculate about their meanings -- that would show pride and hubris, which were sins. People were just intended to follow them. That was her stance, and she seemed unshakable in it. If she was taught that fornicating before marriage was a sin, and fornicating was defined as vaginal sex, then Kelly was comfortable enough doing anything else without fear of retribution, at least from God. Her parents were another matter.
I was so surprised by this conversation I hardly knew what to say. I couldn't fathom having a set of rules and simply following them without thinking about them. I was also quite surprised to find that she really cared so much about her religion. I had just assumed she was a black sheep and broke the rules as temptation won out, like everyone else I know.
I won't bore you with the rest of that conversation. It turns out Kelly's parents were much more conservative than the church required, at least in Kelly's opinion, so my idea of a rebellious black sheep wasn't so far off. It was just her parents she rebelled against, not her church. It was fascinating to learn so much more about this young woman and how she thought, but I don't know if it is germane to my story, so I'll move on.
Anyway, I know the part you really want to find out about is the sex, right? Yeah, that's what I thought.
If you think we ended the night with a wild orgy replete with butt-fucking, three way sex, lesbian interludes, and cum play, you'd be wrong. Sorry.
All that came later.
We ended the evening with an agreement Kelly would visit over the weekend and I would teach her what I could. Kelly's boyfriend was busy, and I was free, so it seemed a perfect opportunity. There was still a tentative air about the whole thing, and I for one wasn't at all sure much would happen, but we wanted to explore it further. We laid a few ground rules, as well. The biggest one was no more secrets among the three of us. How to handle Dylan's role in all this was a bit stickier. Kelly insisted that he not be told anything about her adventures and experiments with me. I had serious misgivings about that part of it, both for Kelly's sake and Dylan's, but she was unshakable, so we agreed.
Honestly, I was worried about the idea of anal sex with Kelly. I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to do it, and I was already picturing it in my mind's eye, but I was really afraid it would hurt her a lot - at first, anyway. Now, I don't have a giant cock by any stretch, maybe slightly above the average size, but who knows that kind of thing for sure? All I know is, Kelly is tiny. I mentioned before that she is athletic, so she is lean and strong, but she is probably just a little over five feet tall, and if she weighs 95 lbs I'd be surprised. While her little ass is tight and perfectly rounded, her hips are narrow. The image of my cock disappearing into that slim little body turned me on enormously, but I was apprehensive.
Monica and I talked about it more when we went to bed that night. We agreed that not telling Dylan was a bad idea, but we also both knew that he would probably break up with Kelly if he knew, so we reluctantly accepted her choice. We decided to try, just once more, to talk her out of this, to try to get her to experiment with Dylan instead of me. It was the grown-up, parental thing to do, even though we weren't her parents. But we both were well aware that we would probably go through with it if Kelly insisted.
Christ, it was like waving a crack pipe under an addict's nose. I'm only human after all, and it's not very damn often a 50 year old man has the opportunity to dally with a sexy 18 year old. As in NEVER. And my wife was complicit, however reluctantly. There was no way to say no.
We lay quietly in bed, but I sensed Monica was as restless as I.
"My god, Tony," Monica murmured as she propped herself on one elbow, "I can already imagine you bending her over and fucking that tight little ass." She reached over to my side of the bed and lightly caressed my awakening cock. She leaned over and kissed my jawline and nibbled my ear as she spoke. "It's pretty damn hot." Her hot breath in my ear brought on a full-fledged raging boner, which she began to stroke through my underwear.
One thing led to another, and soon Monica was gobbling my cock hungrily. She could read me like a book, and always seemed to know when to tease, and when to go for broke, and how to make me ride a roller coaster of sensation. I couldn't help but to compare her to Kelly, though I felt awful about it. With Kelly, there was such an exciting newness, and of course the situation was mindblowing. Her technique was also amazing for someone so new to it. Here was Monica, though, sucking me as if she could feel what I was feeling, as if she knew exactly what I wanted and needed. There was a connection there beyond the physical, and I realized I had begun to take that for granted after so many years of marriage. I was overwhelmed with emotion, and I was kind of glad she couldn't see the tears on my face.
I pulled her body on top of mine so I could lick her as she sucked me. As soon as she realized what I was doing, she happily helped out, straddling my face to give me access to her moist, fragrant slit. I devoured Monica's sweet pussy with abandon, her excitement flowing into me with her juices. I probably would have cum within minutes, had she not known when to back off and tease, or change up what she was doing. I, on the other hand, couldn't wait to feel her gush all over my face. I licked and sucked and toyed with her clit until she was shuddering on top of me. She lifted her head and arched her back as a high moan of pleasure crescendoed, ended in a rush of released breath and cries of ecstasy as she orgasmed. I was in heaven between her legs, with her hips grinding her pubis against my face in the throes of her release.
Monica leaned over a grabbed a bottle of lube from the nightstand, and slathered some on my rock hard shaft before straddling me again in a cowgirl position.
As she lowered herself onto my cock, she said "You haven't fucked me in the ass for a while. I think you need some practice if you're gonna teach Kelly anything!"
I felt her guiding the head of my lubed shaft into her tight, tight asshole. She yelped a little and paused as her body adjusted itself to my invading member before lowering herself gradually.
"Oh my god. I'd almost forgotten what this was like. I remember our first time..." She paused to breathe deeply, lowering herself a little more. "Do you think she can handle it, Tony? She's so little." She let out a deeply held breath as she finally lowered herself onto my full length. "Oh my god!"
She moved atop me, and I plunged myself in and out of her ass in long firm motions. I like to feel every inch of my cock slide past the tight rubber band muscles of her ass. If you go slowly enough, you can feel the second sphincter just a couple of inches up from the anus, and then slight curve where the rectum joins the colon. It's such an amazing symphony of physical stimulation, and even after all these years there is still something just a little bit taboo about it. The fact that anal sex is much more commonly accepted has done nothing to diminish the excitement for us. Monica reached down and rubbed her clit with her right hand and tugged at her nipples with her left as she rode me.
Five minutes later I felt myself climbing toward the brink and then rocketing over the edge as I unloaded my cum deep within my wife's ass. She knew I came, but that didn't slow her down at all -- she was very close to another orgasm herself.
Moments later, Monica peaked in a second gushing climax, wet juices flowing over her fingers and my belly. She sat down hard on my cock and tugged viciously at her nipples as her fingers deftly eked the last sparks of electricity from her swollen clit, prolonging her orgasm as long as possible before stimulation turned to irritation. Even after she had finished, she sat atop me, gently rocking and rubbing her hands on my chest. The feeling was just enough to keep me hard, and I enjoyed the fact she wasn't in any hurry.
At last she spoke, almost in dream, it seemed. "Tony, I'm jealous..."
"No, baby! Please don't be jealous. I won't go do it if it bothers you."
"No, Tony, it'll be OK. I agreed, after all.."
"But Monica!"
"No, I said it was OK. And the truth is, it really turns me on to think of it. I'm just torn. She's so young and pretty, Tony, and I'm..."
I put my finger to her lips. "You, Monica, are the sexiest, most beautiful, most understanding and passionate woman I know." I paused to let her know I was serious, then I couldn't help but lighten things up by adding, "So shut your pie hole!"
She laughed and layed forward against my chest, resting her head against my shoulder. I kissed her hair and held on to her.
"Hey, I have an idea," I mumbled. The thought had just occurred to me, and I wasn't sure how to present it. "What if we, you know, ask her if you can be there. Um, maybe you could join us. You think? I mean, she said she sometimes thought she might be a lesbian or bisexual, soooo, I don't know..."
Monica turned and looked at me. "No shit!?"
Her smile made my night.
"No shit! Now, let's get some sleep."
Saturday morning couldn't come quickly enough, and when it finally arrived, Monica and I were like kids at Christmas. We still hadn't asked Kelly if Monica could join in, but I was 99% sure she would agree. Monica and I chattered all morning, and we couldn't stay away from the topic of our impending tryst. Monica came up with a great idea, too. She suggested we offer to take Kelly to Adam & Eve and get some anal toys to ease her into things. It was fantastic talking about this stuff in the open. I was afraid the excitement would be diminished, but it actually seemed to be amplified, sharing the experience with my wife.
When Kelly arrived, she was more than happy to have Monica join us, and seemed really excited about the toy shopping, too.
She even suggested bringing my camera, too. "Who knows, maybe we can have some fun while we're out!"
I had almost forgotten about our little neighbor's exhibitionist streak. My cock was hard before we got in the car.
On the drive, Monica explained the thinking behind the toys, telling Kelly that the first time trying anal sex was often painful, and the toys might help ease that a little bit. Kelly seemed really excited by the idea of Monica using the toys on her, which led Monica to broach the topic of bisexuality. I listened with baited breath as they talked.
"So, Tony mentioned that you might be interested in trying a little lesbian stuff. Is that right?"
"Oh, yeah!" Kelly giggled nervously. "I kind of forgot I told him about that. I've pretty much decided I'm not a lesbian, but I might be bisexual, I think. I love licking my fingers after playing with myself. But I also love sucking Dylan's cock, and the way he shoots his cum in my mouth. How about you, Mrs. Mac? Have you ever, you know, been with another girl?"
It was Monica's turn to giggle nervously. "Um, call me Monica, Kelly. Please. No. I, uh, I've never been with a girl. I never really thought about it."
Kelly looked a little disappointed as I glanced at her in the rear-view mirror.
Monica was turned in her seat, talking over the seat back with Kelly, and saw the look, too.
"I never thought about it before," she quickly added, not wanting to disappoint Kelly, "but I have sure been thinking about it a lot since Tony mentioned it."
They laughed and continued talking until we arrived at the store. I was excited to hear a lot of flirtation and double entendre in their conversation. My hard-on was starting to feel like a permanent fixture, and I had to rearrange myself in my shorts as we got out of the car.
Of course, Kelly had never been in a sex shop at all, and she was thrilled by the variety of toys, lingerie, videos, and potions for sale. She wore a clinging navy babydoll tee with spaghetti straps and the tiniest pair of white shorts I'd ever seen. It was funny seeing the other customers watching her mess around with the various dildos and vibrators, accompanied by a couple who looked old enough to be her parents. Some looked on with obvious lust, while others seemed puzzled or disturbed that we had taken our "daughter" to a sex shop. I whispered as much to Kelly and Monica, and was delighted to see a mischievous gleam sparkle in Kelly's eye.
"Let's mess with them!" she grinned gleefully.
She grabbed a double-ended purple dildo from the wall, and held it up in its blister pack. She held it up next to her face and opened her mouth wide, as if gauging how deep she could take it.
She stepped next to Monica and said "Do you think we could meet in the middle?" She held the huge dong between them, and they each made the motion of gliding their open mouths toward the middle, and much to my surprise they met in a tentative but incredibly hot kiss! My heart beat hard in my chest, and I looked around to see they were getting quite a bit of attention.
I am not really easily embarrassed, but I could feel my face flush at some of the things Kelly and Monica were saying. My wife has never been a prude at all, but I never in a million years would have imagined her flirting in public with a woman, much less a woman less than half her age. She was really into it, though. Now that the dam had been broken, she was having fun riding the rapids.
I was feeling turned on beyond measure. My cock was so hard it was uncomfortable in my shorts, and I was a little disconcerted that the bulge was so obvious.
I noticed some of the other shoppers cleared away in embarrassment, but a fair number of them seemed to have become very interested in the racks of toys and videos that were near us.
Kelly moved over to a display of butt plugs in every color and size imaginable. She picked out a clear model that was about 4 inches long and about 1 ½ inches in diameter at the widest part. She held it up to show me her choice.
She waited to make sure she would be heard by the strangers around us, and then said in a loud but enticing voice, "Do you think, if can take this plug up my ass, I can handle your big cock, Mr. Mac? I know it's not as big as you," she cooed, lightly rubbing my straining fly, "but maybe I could work my way up."
I thought I might die of embarrassment, and I felt eyes on me from all quarters. Just like the time Kelly kissed me on the street, some of the looks said "you lucky fuck!" and others clearly conveyed "you dirty old bastard!" Nevertheless, none of them could hide the desire and excitement behind their stares, not even the disgusted ones.
Monica eased up to us and held up her most recent discovery -- a strap-on! It had a harness to fit around her hips and featured a smooth, slender dong about five inches long.
"I thought this might be fun!" she beamed, showing us the new toy. In a more conspiratorial voice she said, "I kind of want a chance at that little bottom, too!" She surprised me by reaching down and grabbing Kelly's ass, tugging her close so that their hips were touching and they were face to face. I saw her fingers cupping that small, round ass-cheek and fiddling with the edge of the white material. Kelly's nipples stood at attention, straining against the tight knit material of her babydoll, and the way they looked at one another, I thought they may kiss again.
Unfortunately, the moment was broken by the clerk coming over and saying tactfully, "Is there anything at all I can help you with?" Her voice was retail-cheerful, but her look said "Knock it off!"
We had found everything we came for and more, so we took our selections and accompanied the clerk to the checkstand. As we payed for our goodies she looked at us a bit wistfully and said, "Sorry about that. It was actually really fucking hot, but my manager wants to keep a tight rein on that stuff. We're supposed to be a family sex toy store." She shook her head at the irony. "I guess that's what you get when you work for a corporate sex shop." She grinned a lopsided smile and said, "Have fun."
I'm quite sure I detected a bit of longing in her voice.
We decided to grab some lunch, and Kelly reminded me we hadn't taken any pictures yet. I asked her what kind of pictures she wanted to take, but I was pretty sure I knew the answer, after out last photography outing. The only surprise was that she wanted me take some pictures of her and Monica fooling around a little in some public place!
Monica balked at first, saying she was too old to get arrested for indecent exposure. Kelly teased her a little, saying the chance of getting caught was part of the excitement. This kind of got us onto a discussion about how Kelly came to be such an exhibitionist. I was a little ashamed when she told me it all started the first time she caught us having sex on the couch. She was so excited by the sight, she wanted to do that, too. She was turned on by giving someone else a thrill. I felt like I had contributed to the corruption of a young person, but she reassured me it was all her decision. She was quite sure her family thought she had the devil in her long before I influenced her.
I thought again about how brave she must be to do these things that were so outside her family's norm. And she wasn't doing them just to rebel. She loved and respected her parents, and had no desire to upset them, but she wasn't going let them decide how she would live her life, either. I wondered briefly how the duality of her life would be resolved, but I realized I couldn't be the one to make her decisions for her.
We were eating lunch in relative calm, just enjoying getting to know one another better. Monica was still iffy about the photographs, so she quizzed Kelly a little more about what she had in mind.
Kelly took a quick look around the restaurant, and quick as a flash slipped the spaghetti straps down her shoulders and pulled the babydoll down below her breasts. Monica gasped as Kelly began to giggle and play with her nipples.
"I was thinking something like this!" she answered, a happy, impish grin spread across her face. We could see the backs of other diners' heads, but no one was looking our way. "Except," she continued, "I thought maybe you should be the one rubbing my nipples..."
With that she took Monica's hand and placed it on her breast.
"Oh my god, Kelly!" Monica breathed excitedly. She fumbled awkwardly with Kelly's small breast and pert pink nipple, fear and adrenaline making her hand shake clumsily.
Ever the helpful one, I said in a stage whisper, "Go ahead, I'll keep a lookout!"
Monica shot me a look that said she wanted to choke me, but the look was belied by the hungry lust I also saw on her face.
The booths in the restaurant had pretty high backs and were fairly private, so as long as no one walked by or stood up and looked right at us, the ladies were unlikely to be seen. We were near the back, and I was facing the main part of the restaurant, so only someone coming up behind me would catch us unawares. It seemed unlikely, but the risk sure added to the excitement!
I was amazed and hugely aroused when my wife leaned over and suckled Kelly's breasts. She flicked her long tongue over each hard nipple and sucked them as deeply as she could into her mouth. When she wasn't kissing or licking, she was caressing those smooth swells with hands that still trembled.
I had to give them a quick signal to stop when a large woman got up from her booth and wandered past us to the restroom. Kelly just got her top up in time for the woman to lumber by like an ocean liner.
She was barely past, and certainly not out of sight, when Kelly reached down and unsnapped her shorts, thrust a hand quickly inside. I couldn't see, but my guess was that she was unencumbered by panties. She played for just a moment when she pulled her hand back out and held it up, her fingers glistening.
"See how wet I am already!" she said in a voice loud enough that I silently shushed her with a finger to my lips. She only grinned at my discomfort. Then she smiled that mischievous smile and popped her fingers into her mouth as I'd seen her do before. My balls were aching and my cock was throbbing, watching this show!
"This is what made me think I might be a lesbian," Kelly continued, unperturbed. She had already dipped her fingers back inside her shorts and was obviously diddling herself. "I love the taste of myself. Do you like it, too, Mrs. Mac?"
Monica didn't even bother to remind Kelly to call her by her first name, she was so flustered. Like I said, she's no prude, but I was kind of amused by Kelly's ability to leave her nonplussed. I also found it hot that she still called her Mrs. Mac, but I didn't say anything.
After a brief, muttering pause, Monica finally answered, "Uh, no, I mean, I guess I don't know. I, you know... I never really tasted it, except after Tony went down on me and then kissed me." She flushed beet red. It was adorable.
"Do you want to try it?" Kelly asked her, sending yet another zinger of adrenaline through my body. This was gonna give me a heart attack if I wasn't careful.
Kelly didn't really wait for an answer. She just held out her dripping fingers, poised in front of Monica's face, and Monica slowly took them into her mouth. I swear I thought she shuddered as she sucked the fragrant juices from those delicate fingers. Kelly gently massaged Monica's breast through her blouse as Monica nursed her fingers like she was sipping the finest nectar.
Just then, ocean liner lady decided to pass by on her way back from the restroom, and none of us had been paying any attention. Fortunately, no body parts were exposed, but Kelly's fingers in my wife's mouth and hand on her breast were enough of a sight to cause the Titanic to grumble "Well, I never!" as she trundled by.
Kelly and Monica both sat bolt upright, and both of their faces were bright red. I'm sure mine was, too. We hurriedly finished our meal and I left enough money for lunch and a tip on the table before we made our escape. The Lusitania seemed just the type to complain to the manager, and we wanted to be gone before that happened.
We laughed and walked arm in arm as we broke into the bright, fresh air of the parking lot.
"Let's find a spot for some pics before we head home and try out those toys, shall we?" I bundled the ladies into the car and drove around looking for a likely spot for some good pictures.
Kelly suggested a part of town that has a bunch of art galleries, tattoo shops, natural food stores, and other modern-day counterculture-type businesses. There is an urban park next to the main drag there, and it seemed like as good a spot as any.
I parked the car and we made our way down the sidewalk among the many shoppers. I was a little dismayed that it was so crowded, because I figured there wouldn't be much chance to catch our young neighbor's exhibitionism on camera.
Boy, was I in for a surprise. The crowds just seemed to spur Kelly on!
I'll give you an example. She backed up against a brick wall with some picturesque masonry and started striking poses. Granted, she's not really a model, so some of the poses were over the top, but she did have kind of a natural flair for the provocative. She slipped her left hand up under her top, raising it up just a little to show her belly, and dipped her right fingers inside the waist of her shorts. Sexy, indeed, but not really anything too extreme. I took pics as she moved. She was watching the sidewalk traffic, and when there was the slightest break, she would slide her hands further under her clothes, groping her breasts and fingering her little pussy. She would just do this for a moment, so no one actually caught her, most of the time.
She was really getting into this, and I was getting some good shots as Monica looked on. The hottest part came when a group of teenage boys walked by and stopped to watch and make comments. Instead of getting angry or embarrassed, Kelly took advantage of the cover they provided and put on a little show. She popped the button on her shorts, lowering the zipper just a little without actually pulling them down. Close examination of the pictures later showed a tuft of Kelly's reddish-brown, neatly trimmed pubic hair poking out, but I didn't notice it at the time. With her shorts invitingly opened, she used both hands to pull up the navy babydoll, exposing her creamy skin in a teasingly slow movement, smoothing her open palms over her belly, her ribs, and finally lifting the shirt so only her hands covered her breasts.
Kelly put on quite a show for the gawking teens. She ran her hands in a gliding caress over her torso, almost always keeping her breasts covered, but allowing occasional peeks at her lovely small mounds and perfect nipples. She hinted at reaching inside her shorts, and even tugged at her nipples a time or two, and the boys were becoming pretty loud in their appreciation. Finally, they were starting to attract enough attention that I was getting uncomfortable.
"OK, boys," I said as I lowered the camera, "show's over. That's all." They kept hanging around, trying to chat Kelly up, but I finally managed to shoo them away, telling them we had work to do.
After that little crowd dispersed, we walked further along, trying to find another opportunity. We went into a funky little clothing shop, full of beads, tie-dyed dresses and shirts, bathing suits, hemp clothes, and tee shirts with funny sayings. There were a few people there, but the shop was packed with merchandise and there were lots of blind spots. We all grinned and looked at one another, realizing we may be able to get some good shots here. I unlimbered the camera and adjusted the exposure for the indoor lighting. I didn't want to use a flash and draw attention to us any more than necessary.
Kelly flashed for the camera at every opportunity. I especially liked the shots where other shoppers were in the background. Monica kept distracting me by rubbing my cock through my shorts, as if it wasn't hard enough to take decent photos without drawing too much attention!
Finally, Monica quit teasing me and went over to help Kelly pretend to shop. They held shirts and bikinis up to one another's bodies, making sure lots of touching occurred along the way. Kelly slid her hand up under Monica's blouse, and made a mock pouty-face to find her breasts covered in a bra.
Kelly grinned as an idea came to her. "Why don't you come help me try on this bikini, Mrs. Mac? I need someone to tell me how it looks."
Grabbing a little string bikini in one hand and Monica's hand in the other, Kelly led the way to the fitting room. I'm sad to say I didn't have the guts to go in with them and take pictures, so I spent an agonizing time waiting for them to return. I don't know what they did in there, but it seemed to take forever, and I was getting antsy by the time they came back out. They were both grinning like schoolgirls.
Monica handed me a couple of pieces of clothing, saying "Can you be a sweety and hold these for me? They were terribly in the way!"
I looked to see her bra and panties wadded up in my hand, and when I went to stick them in the cargo pocket of my shorts, I noticed the panties had a big smear of gooey pussy juice. I felt a little stab of jealousy and a huge wave of excitement course through me. The jealousy must have shown on my face a little, because Monica teasingly asked me if I was feeling left out.
"Maybe a little," I said, trying to keep it light. "Wasn't I supposed to be introducing her to the wonderful world of anal sex?!" I tried to make it sound like a joke, but I could hear the huge undercurrent of petty and lame in my words.
Monica let me off the hook by dropping the topic, and suggesting maybe Kelly could take a few photos now. I felt a thrill at what she might have in mind, and I wasn't disappointed! I handed the camera to Kelly, and Monica discretely reached down and unzipped my fly. We stood facing a round clothing rack, and I stepped close and looked through the clothing as she slipped her hand through the fly of my shorts and maneuvered my underwear down and tucked the elastic under my balls. I couldn't begin to tell you what clothes I was looking at -- they could have been prom gowns or clown suits for all I knew!
I couldn't believe it when my wife eased my cock out of my shorts right there in the store! I stepped closer to the rack so I was right up against the clothes, and Monica stood right beside me and slowly stroked my cock. I was so excited I don't think I've ever been harder in my life. There were people nearby, probably less than ten feet away, and I kept my eyes peeled, terrified and electrified at the same time.
I had momentarily forgotten about Kelly, who sidled up to us and grumbled, "That looks fun, but I can't get any pics! You're too close to the rack."
We looked around and spotted a couple of rows of jeans near the back of the shop. Nobody was back there at the moment, it being the wrong season for heavy denim, so Monica managed to wedge my throbbing cock back into my fly and we headed in that direction. I didn't have time to zip up, so I hoped my fly wasn't gaping too widely as I walked with difficulty to the jeans racks, trying hard to keep up with Monica and Kelly. I smiled stupidly at the customers who looked at me as I passed. I felt like I had a unicorn horn.
We got in between the two racks of hanging jeans and got ourselves arranged so that Kelly could keep an eye out as she snapped photos. I thought Monica would just stroke me some more while we got some pics, but I was shocked when she dropped to her knees and pulled my cock back out! She turned a little so that Kelly had a good angle, and then she started sucking me recklessly. I was doubly turned on by the fact that her hands went to work on her own body, one hiking her skirt and fingering her pussy and the other popping a button on her blouse and slipping inside to caress her breast. Kelly shot photos from all angles as Monica worked us over.
I doubt she had been sucking me for more than two minutes, and I already felt the cum working its way into my shaft, getting ready to spurt! Wouldn't you know it, Kelly's busy activity had drawn some curious looks, and people were starting to show an interest in what was going on.
Finally Kelly nudged Monica and said, "We'd better go! People are coming this way!"
Quick as a flash, Monica had me tucked back in and stood up. She leaned close and whispered, "Too bad. I could taste delicious little dribbles. I was dying for you to shoot your load in my mouth right here!"
Well, I nearly came just from her saying that! I was actually starting to hurt pretty badly. I always figured blue balls was just a crock, but when I started walking toward the exit, I was in quite a bit of pain. It took a few steps before I could walk freely and stand up straight!
The crowning moment of our visit to the shop was when we approach the exit. A clerk came up to us and said, "Excuse me, sir. Um, I'm sorry to ask you this, but another customer said they saw you put something in your pocket."
My heart had started pounding at his approach, thinking someone had complained about our little tryst, but now I had to suppress a crazy laugh. They thought I had shoplifted!!
"Is there anything you'd like to pay for before you leave?" the clerk finished in his best retail-manager-busting-a-big-bad-shoplifter voice.
I just couldn't hold in the laugh any more, and he looked at me like I might be unbalanced.
"No, I don't have anything in my pocket except what we brought with us," I answered, digging the panties and bra out of my pocket and thrusting them in his hand. "As you can see, they aren't new." I grinned what was probably a maniacal grin and watched to see what he would do.
He quickly looked at the underthings, and as soon as he realized the panties were wet, he flushed an absolute beet red. He had blonde hair, and I swear even his scalp turned red! I had to laugh as he handed them back to me like a hot potato, muttered "Sorry!" and turned to scurry away.
We laughed our way back out into the street, talking about what a close call that was. I was so horny I could have died, and said I wanted to get back home so we could put those toys to use.
"Oh, no!" Kelly said, and I was dismayed, thinking she didn't really want to explore anal play after all. I was relieved when she said, "Not yet, anyway! I want you to take just a couple more pictures first!"
I was feeling impatient and painfully randy, but I was curious about these other pics, too, so I went along.
Kelly hurriedly led us to the park across the street. I thought she was going to flash some more, but got even more excited when she backed Monica against a big tree and said, "Get some pics of this, Mr. Mac!"
She stepped close to Monica, put her hands on Monica's shoulders, and drew her face close, stretching up on her toes to reach. There was a moment of charged indecision, where we all knew exactly what Kelly wanted to do, knew that my wife wanted it, too, but the bridge of space between their lips was still a huge threshold to cross. I got a photo of that moment, both sets of soft, moist lips parted but not yet committed to the kiss, faces tilted ever so slightly, desire manifest in the empty space between the two women, eyes locked on one another in a covenant of trust and passion, and it is one of the most erotic pictures I've ever taken. It only increases my appreciation that I am so intimate with both people in the shot. It's amazing.
The kiss, for all its public audacity, was tentative at first, slow, tender, and passionate, and I felt like a voyeur standing there taking photos. All those times watching Kelly through her window, I had felt excited and naughty, enjoying the taboo aspect of watching her, exposed in her intimate moments. As I watched her kissing my wife, though, I suddenly felt embarrassed. Don't get me wrong - my cock was hard as stone and my heart was pounding with excitement, but I also had to fight the urge to turn away and leave them to their moment. It was so strange and exciting, I'll never forget it.
I was astounded once again at what my young neighbor was willing to do in public, and was even more flummoxed that my wife went along with it! Like I've said, Monica isn't your conservative, prudish matron by any means, but she's never shown any inclination to do anything particularly outlandish or risky, either. You can imagine my astonishment, then, when Kelly began to nuzzle her neck and unbutton her blouse, and Monica did nothing to stop her! In fact, she leaned her head back against the tree and gently stroked Kelly's hair as deft fingers undid her top.
I felt a stab of panic when I realized just how far this might go. It was one thing to watch Kelly when we were both in the privacy of our homes; it didn't even frighten me too much to have taken pics as Kelly flashed quickly or showed off in a tantalizing way on the sidewalk. The store where Monica sucked me had plenty of cover for the careful exhibitionist. But this park was wide open, with broad grassy areas and huge trees generously spaced, providing some shade. True, the huge tree trunk blocked the view from the sidewalk closest to us, but there were people scattered all around us in the park. They were some distance away, and most were busy with their own activities, but they were moving constantly, and I was acutely aware of being exposed. Well, not me, but you know what I mean. I felt very conspicuous, taking pictures, like I was drawing people's attention to something they shouldn't be looking at.
God, it was exciting! I felt like I had a fever, almost. Still, I took frame after frame.
I got photos of Kelly pulling aside my wife's blouse and sucking her full breast as Monica pulled her head close and moaned. I got shots as Kelly kissed Monica again, this time spreading her blouse open and caressing her hard, wet nipples as she did. I got amazing images as Kelly slipped her fingertips into Monica's mouth and and then reached under her skirt to play with my wife's pussy. I still couldn't believe Monica was doing this!
I thought I might faint when Kelly looked into Monica's face, her fingers still working busily under the hiked-up skirt, and asked, "Mrs. Mac, can I please eat your pussy?"
Monica was clearly under our young neighbor's amazing spell, because she didn't refuse.
Instead, she whispered in a raspy, shaking voice filled with fear and desire, "Here?!"
That single, indecisive question was the most powerful assent imaginable, acknowledgment that she had been overrun with desire and would do almost anything Kelly wanted.
I was glad it wasn't just me!
To my disbelief, Monica lowered her body to the grass, lying on her back with her knees up in the air, slightly parted. Kelly stretched out on her belly, spreading Monica's knees and burrowing her face between her legs. The tentativeness that marked their first kiss was gone, and Kelly lapped eagerly at my wife's wet slit. I got some amazing close-ups of her tongue dancing on the pearly button of Monica's clitoris.
I kept looking around nervously. With the two women laying down, they were much more visible from the street 50-some yards away, not to mention it was much more obvious what they were doing!
I got caught up in people-watching for just a few moments. Mostly I was amazed at how incredibly unobservant most people seemed to be, like they were almost willfully ignoring what was right before their eyes. Most who did seem to catch a glimpse either looked quickly away or simply didn't seem to care. A few pointed or stared as they passed, talking with their companions. Looking around the park behind me, I noticed most people were equally oblivious, but a few had stopped to watch. They were far enough away that I couldn't make out any details, but I sure hoped none were calling the cops on their cell phones.
I was pulled from my imagined worries and people-watching by Monica's moaning and whimpering. I could tell she was trying to be quiet, but it seemed impossible for her to suppress her cries completely. I remembered the camera in my hands and took a bunch of pics just as she orgasmed, catching her face in the throes of ecstasy, and capturing Kelly's reddish-brown head wedged hungrily between Monica's fit thighs. They were lost in their own world, with Kelly stretched prostrate on her belly, like a nymph at Monica's juicy alter, and Monica totally unaware of her audience as she tugged at her own nipples at the peak of her climax. She arched her back and wrapped her legs around Kelly's head, something she has done to me hundreds of times, but I've never seen it from the outside before, and I felt a pang in my heart and my loins. Not jealousy, exactly. I think, in its simplest state, what I felt was just longing and desire, but infused with a richness and flavor I'd never experienced.
I was in a horrible, wonderful state -- aroused, excited, frightened, confused, flat-out horny -- and I needed badly for us to get home where we could be together without interruption. This public stuff is enticing and electrifying, but there is something to be said for devoting total attention to what you are doing.
I tried to be patient as the ladies got themselves composed. Monica's fingers shook uncontrollably as she buttoned her blouse, and she still had a catch in her breath when she drew the warm summer air deep into her lungs. Finally, we walked back to the car, exhausted but still looking forward to the next phase of our adventure. We had a bunch of toys to try out, and with any luck, I'd have my cock buried deep in Kelly's ass before it was over. I found myself having difficulty walking because of the delicious, dark, tugging ache that felt like it reached from my abdomen down to my balls, clutching them in a vice of agony and desire. I looked at my cell phone to check the time...
Oh man, speaking of time, would you look at that! I have to get going. I'm so sorry I can't finish the story today. You're gonna love hearing about what happened when we got back to the house, though. It was mind-blowing.
I'll have to fill you in next time we talk. Hope to catch you soon!