Last year I began renting a three bedroom, two bath house out in the country, I was living alone so I certainly didn't need all the space, but it was the only thing available in the area at the time. I turned one of the extra bedrooms into an office for myself, and set the other one up as a guest room for the rare occasions that I actually had any overnight company. Well, the kind that didn't stay in my bed with me, anyway.
I've always enjoyed living alone, especially having the freedom to wake up and get the coffee started without having to worry about putting clothes on, or being able to roam between the bedroom and bathroom for a shower without fear of my nudity being seen by anyone. The thing is, I really like being naked and I really enjoy the freedom I feel when I'm out of my clothes. Now, I'm not the kind of guy to go out flashing people, or even to go streaking, but there is something nice about getting up early in the morning and sitting on my back porch with coffee to watch the sunrise, nude, where nobody can see me.
My house sat off of a private road quite a ways, but the front of the house was visible to anyone that happened to be driving by, and could be seen by the neighbors should they ever care to look. I was sure that if they did take notice, they would definitely see me if I was on the front porch naked, so I kept my clothing optional activities strictly to inside the house, or in the privacy of my back yard. The yard was quite large in the back, and had a few rolling hills behind it that eventually ended in a densely wooded area beyond that.
When I'd go outside at night, the only light around me was in front of the house, so the closer I stayed towards the back of the building, the more brilliant the starts became. I soon found that however nice my morning coffee was outside in the nude, laying out naked under the stars was even better. It felt so amazing to have all that open space, with nothing but the stars and the moon to light the landscape around me. I've never experienced anything like it before or since, and that honestly affected me more than I realized. I'd usually stay in my clothes until my evening shower, or if I skipped that for whatever reason, until I went to bed later in the night.
That freedom and peace that I felt outside though changed that habit and I began to strip off as soon as I got home from work. I'd go straight to my bedroom and deposit my work clothes in the hamper, then reemerge into the living room or kitchen to begin to wind down for the day. I'd gotten used to it over time, and soon the novelty wore off as it does, and it just became normal for me to be naked when I was at home.
That all had to change quickly enough though unfortunately, an old friend of mine needed a place to stay for a while since her old roommate had gotten pregnant and decided to move in with her boyfriend. Katie couldn't afford the place she was staying in by herself, so after waiting to see if she'd find anything else, I finally offered her my spare room until something became available for her. She graciously accepted my offer, and by the end of the week, she was all moved in. We worked similar schedules, so we both woke up around the same time in the mornings, and both got home around the same time at night so I couldn't walk around naked like I had become so accustomed to. This was disappointing to me in a way, but having my friend living with me made up for that for the most part. I was still able to wander about in my towel, or my boxers, but that was as far as I ever tried to push it.
We'd discussed the idea of one or both of us going naked once, and both agreed that it wasn't a big deal, however neither one of us wanted to go first. Our relationship had always been purely platonic, so open, non-sexual nudity was very much a taboo for us both. I'd considered taking the risk a few times of starting the coffee in the buff, especially since I always had to knock on her door to wake her up in the mornings, but a few times she'd gotten up before I did, and the last thing I wanted to do was to make her uncomfortable, so I resolved to slip on my shorts before venturing into the living room and kitchen.
Part of the "house rules" we'd agreed to was the closed door policy, since we both preferred to sleep naked, once a bedroom door was closed, it was not to be opened unless the other person was explicitly invited to do so. Once that rule was in place, Katie seemed really relieved. She said that she'd avoided sleeping in the buff those first few nights, and seemed to relax after I'd mentioned the new rule to her one evening. After that, we'd both occasionally get up in the middle of the night for a drink, or a late night cigarette, and a few times she surprised me by walking out wrapped only in a blanket. I'm not going to lie, I found that to be almost more sexy than if she'd just walked out of her room completely naked. I guess it was the implied nudity that was the turn-on for me, similar to when she'd get home and change into a pair of loose shorts and a tight shirt with no bra on. Needless to say, I quite enjoyed the sight of her nipples poking out against the top, and being able to see the natural shape of her small breasts without the support and illusion of her push-up bra.
A few times I caught myself wondering if she enjoyed that small bit of exposure, but I always stopped myself and decided that it was simply more comfortable for her, and the fact that she was comfortable enough around me to dress that way, made me feel like we were really close. After all, I'd sit around all morning, and most weekends all day, wearing just my boxer briefs, my own intimate features no doubt on almost full display to her. It was never awkward between us like that, and I kind of enjoyed that aspect of our friendship at that point.
After about a month of living together we'd both settled into a routine, and everything was going really well. She'd buy the groceries on her way home from work when we needed them, and I'd cook diner for us both after she got back. We'd eat, chat, and watch TV until bedtime, then say goodnight and go our separate ways to the privacy of our rooms, occasionally coming back out to the living room for that one last drink or smoke, and having that small bit of added mystery when she'd wear her blanket. I never mentioned it, but I certainly took notice of it.
Everything changed one Friday afternoon though, I'd taken off of work early and gotten home to jump right in the shower. When I got done drying off, I wrapped my towel around my waist as usual, and went to sit on the couch to watch some TV until Katie got home. I decided to lay down and take a nap since I had the place to myself again for once, if only for a few hours, so I didn't bother putting anything else on. I stretched out on the couch, turned the TV off, and soon I was out. I awoke once feeling my towel bunched up uncomfortably around my legs, so I took it off and just dropped it on the floor before falling back asleep.
Well, I must have been a lot more tired than I thought, because the next thing I know, I'm waking up to the unmistakable feeling of being watched. I opened my eyes and looked up, then towards the kitchen, but nobody was there. I listened for a few moments to see if Katie had gotten home yet, but I didn't figure she had. As far as I knew, it was still early afternoon and I had time for another quick nap. I turned on my right side and looked at the floor in front of the couch and found that my towel was missing! Maybe I accidentally kicked it underneath while I was sleeping, but even then in my foggy and just awoken state, that didn't make much sense to me. I sat up and looked closer at where it was, thinking maybe I'd see it sticking out from under the furniture, but there wasn't any sign of it.
What I didn't notice was that Katie was sitting in the chair next to the couch by my head, wearing my towel, my only source of cover. "Looking for this?" She asked with a slight wickedness to her smiling words, causing me to freeze where I was, not daring to move a muscle out of the irrational fear that I'd be seen.
It was much, much, much too late for that. By that time, it was well past six o'clock, which meant that she'd been home for almost an hour. Had she been watching me this whole time? I still hadn't seen her, so I had no idea she had my towel, much less that was wearing it and that she'd been sitting next to me this whole time.
I slowly turned my head towards her to see her laying across the arms of the recliner, looking directly at me as I sat, dumbfounded and naked on the couch. She had her arms crossed over her chest, further securing my towel to her body. The smile on her face told me that above all she found this to be quite amusing, I however was beyond embarrassed at the situation. How could I have slept through her coming in the front door? My God, what if she'd decided to bring company over? A million things flashed through my mind before I finally covered myself with my hands and sat up a little straighter, turning my head and looking her in the eye before confirming that, yes, I was indeed looking for the towel she was now wearing.
I noticed that her hair was wet, and I could smell her shampoo like she'd just gotten out of the shower. That made me wonder if she took my towel before or after she'd taken one. Either way it didn't really matter, if there was a show, I'd missed it already, and the one she got was still ongoing.
"Why are you covering yourself up like that?" She asked next, "I've already seen everything," she giggled, "you might as well save yourself the trouble."
I don't know what came over me at that point, I suppose now it was the truth of her statement, she had already seen everything there was to see, plus I was comfortable being naked, albeit just not in front of anyone, and especially not her. I moved my hands and rested them by my sides on the couch, uncovering my now semi hard manhood. "Can I have my towel back?" I asked pleadingly, hoping this humiliation would be over soon and maybe we could forget it ever happened. "I didn't mean to be naked when you got home. I got off work early and took a shower, I must have fallen asleep here after I got out."
She smiled at me as her eyes ran over my fully exposed body, "You know, I usually don't like it when a guy shaves everything down there," her gaze now fixed on my now almost hard, and completely hairless dick, "but I think it looks good on you," she added with an even bigger smile. She was totally avoiding my request for the return of my towel, so I decided to ask again.
"My towel, Kate?" I reached my hand out towards her, hoping she'd take it off and give it back to me. I figured she'd be wearing something underneath it just to screw with me, if the roles were reversed, it's probably what I would've done.
"What, and leave me being the only one naked? I don't think so."
"Why didn't you use your own towel then?" I asked, now wanting more answers than cloth.
"They're all dirty, and I saw yours there on the floor so I used it instead. It's not like you were using it at the time," she gleamed. We made eye contact for several moments as we tried to decide where to go from there. I couldn't just get up and make a run for my room, then she'd know for sure that I was embarrassed and I'd never live it down. No, I had to sit there, hands to my sides, and wait for her move.
"Well, it was an accident, I'm sorry. It won't happen again," I pleaded with her, once again holding my hand out for my towel.
"Things happen I guess," she laughed. "How about since it's the only one left, I go put it in the washing machine instead?" Katie stood up as I eyed her long, tanned legs and thighs, barely covered by the bottom hem of the makeshift garment she had on.
"That sounds fair," I conceded, hoping she would just drop it there in front of me. She didn't, she began to walk away towards the laundry room.
There I was, left sitting on the couch, naked, and she'd probably come back wearing more than a towel when she returned. I watched her as she took a few steps towards the kitchen, but soon she stopped and turned her head around to look at me again over her shoulder. I think she just wanted to see the look on my face when she let go of her covering, exposing her bare back and ass to me. She gave a very satisfied smile as she swung the towel around in front of her and continued to walk away. I'm sure my jaw was on the floor at that point, as her ass looked absolutely amazing to me. I'd never been all that impressed with it when she was clothed, but seeing it in it's full, naked glory came as quite a shock to me. She was really attractive from behind, and I hoped I'd get to see the view from the front as well.
I watched as her butt jiggled slightly, and her hips swayed as she walked away, not turning back again, instead continuing to the laundry room. I heard her open the washer and drop the towel in, then I heard the lid close and she stepped confidently back into view. My eyes were fixed on her body as she moved back towards me, her small breasts and her shaved pussy were totally on display to me and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My best friend since high school, naked, in my house, walking along like nothing was amiss. Okay, maybe she had a bit more of a pronounced sway to her movements, but she was naked, and I'm sure that the look on my face added to her confidence. There was no way to hide the fact that I thought she was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen, my face showed it, and before I could register what was happening, my cock showed it too.
She blushed a little when she saw it rising from my lap between my legs, but her eyes never strayed away. She was enjoying this, and really, so was I. "Wow, Kate. You have an amazing body. I never really noticed it before."
"Thanks," she smiled and she walked closer to me. "You've got a really nice dick," she offered back as she sat down on her side of the couch. She settled in and then turned on the TV, paying no more attention to the naked guy sitting next to her. After a few seconds she finally turned back towards me, "we should've done this from the beginning. I love being naked, I was just afraid to be the first one to show everything."
"S-same here," I managed while looking deep into her eyes for even the slightest hint of discomfort. There was none, she seemed to be right at home.
"Can you get me a beer from the fridge?" She asked sweetly, "I could really use one after the week at work I had."
"Sure," I replied as I got up and walked to the kitchen. I could feel her eyes on my backside as I moved across the living room to get us drinks. After I turned the corner out of her sight, I realized just how much I enjoyed her seeing me baring it all, too. I mean, seeing her nude was great, but there was just that little extra thrill in knowing she could see me too, especially since she seemed to be enjoying it herself.
I felt the cool rush of air from the fridge run down my body as I opened it and reached in for a couple of bottles. I was suddenly hyper aware of my undressed state, and I found the comfort of it all coming back to me. My erection quickly subsided to a less impressive state, but not completely flaccid, and I walked back to the couch. Katie looked up and watched me for a few steps before turning her attention back to her show. She didn't check me out that time, but instead looked me right in the eyes and just smiled, putting me further at ease about the whole situation. When I stepped next to her and handed her the beer however, she took full advantage of the close up view of my fully exposed midsection right in front of her face. Fair is fair, so I allowed my gaze to once again fall upon her firm little tits, and the shaved pink slit poking out from between her slightly parted legs. I admired her beauty more than anything, here was this attractive young woman sitting naked in my living room, and yet there didn't seem to be any sexual tension in the air between us. She took the beer from my hand and took a long drink of it as I walked over and sat down on my side of the couch, taking a satisfying drink from my own.
We stayed undressed for the rest of the night, until we both decided it was time for bed. We said our good nights and headed off to bed. It took me a little while to get to sleep because I couldn't get the image of her out of my mind. I got up and went to my bathroom to relieve my now aching hard on, finding myself surprised at how much I came when I finally got my release. I've learned a lot about Katie over the years, but I never suspected that I'd find her so damned sexy, much less that I'd ever get the chance to see her naked like that. I cleaned up and went back to bed, hoping I'd get another chance sooner rather than later.
The next morning I woke up to my bedroom door opening. I looked up and saw Katie walking in, still naked, holding two cups of coffee in her hands. "Morning," she said quietly and sweetly as she sat on the bed next to me and handed me my cup. "I hope you don't mind me just barging in like that, but I figure since we're both naked, it didn't matter anymore."
I rubbed my eyes with one hand as I brought the cup of hot coffee up to my mouth with the other. I don't know why, but the coffee always seemed to taste better when Katie would make it. "Not at all, it's kind of a pointless rule now, like you said." I took another sip and enjoyed the warmth as it made its way down to my stomach. I sat the cup down on my night stand and smiled at my naked roommate. "The coffee's great, thanks," I smiled at her before she stood up and ripped the covers off of me, exposing my morning wood to the cool air of the room, and the warm gaze of her reddish brown eyes.
"C'mon, get up!" She said as she stood there, looking down at me. "Let's go watch the sun come up." With that I got up, unfazed as she was by my erection, and walked behind her to the back porch where we drank our coffee, and enjoyed the warmth of the sun on our nude bodies as it rose, bringing in the new day.
For the rest of the weekend neither one of us put on any form of clothing, and from then on out, when we were at home, we were naked. She moved out several months ago, but when she comes back to visit, the first thing she does when she gets in the door is strips naked again, and I happily follow suit. We'll make coffee and just relax in each others company, talking like we always have, and after dark we sit on the back porch under the stars and moon in a comfortable silence, listening to the tranquil sounds of the night as the constellations pass overhead. Maybe one day we'll be more, but for now I couldn't ask for anything more perfect than enjoying the freedom of being naked with my best friend.