The elevator chimes and you step out into the presidential suite of the Shangri-La Hotel in Tokyo. Mt. Fuji glows from the reflections of the lights from the Tokyo evening skyline outside the two story windows. Party guests wildly swing their champagne flutes as they chatter anxiously with each other. Your scarlet colored smiling lips are the only thing the guests can see underneath your black leather masquerade mask. It doesn't take long before a drink is placed in your hands and you're swept into the room by another influx of party guests coming off the elevator. Waiters carrying exotic delicacies' pass through the party like honey bees through a garden. You try some Yakitori Bites, Avocado Canapés, and Shishito Tempora as it passes by but the nervous excitement in the air makes it difficult to think of food. Besides, you worry about spilling food on your plum colored halter dress. Goosebumps run across your skin as you realize your dress hem might be a little too short or your neckline a little too deep, but it shows your curves beautifully and exposes your back completely.
After all, tonight's all about being a little wicked.
You spend the next hour admiring the art, the antiques, the company, but your eyes continue to fall on the exquisite piece in the center of the room. On a platform by itself sits a large leather padded table about three and a half feet high and just about as long in each direction with four steel posts rising up six feet high from every corner. The other guests also keep looking over at the strange furniture but none dare go near it. You become lost thinking of all the possibilities.
A chime brings you back to the penthouse party and two small Japanese women clad in kimonos that would barely fit a Barbie doll emerge from a back door. They come straight to you in the crowd and escort you away from the party and deeper into the penthouse. You finish your second glass of champagne just before they bring you into the master bathroom. Closing the door behind them, one of the girls begins to draw a bath while the other comes up behind you and gingerly pulls down the zipper at the side of your dress. You feel the material go slack and, giving in to gravity, drop softly to the floor. You slip out of your shoes and stand there completely naked except for your mask. No need to hurry. You wait patiently as the girls finish their preparations and help you step into the bathtub. As you get accustomed to the heat of the water and the smell of the lavender and jasmine in the soaps, the two girls slip out of their kimonos and step into the bath with you.
The three of you carefully move to sit down with one girl behind you and another in front. You relax in the strangers arms feeling her breath on your neck and shoulders. Lifting your right leg, the girl in front traces a soapy bath sponge from your toes across the top of your leg. She repeats the process going down the underside of your leg stopping at the middle of your inner thigh. You shudder and smile; your mask sticking to your face from the heat and humidity in the bath. The girl takes your left leg and repeats the whole process, moving closer and ending further up your thigh than last time. When she is done, she smiles and hands the sponge to her partner who lifts up your right arm and traces the wet sponge down slowly. The sponge stops a little below your armpit but you keep your arm up in case she wants to go further. She giggles and puts your hand down before starting on the other arm. When each arm is finished the sponge disappears below the water and you feel its softness across your stomach, your sides, and finally your chest. The porous sponge tickling your nipples as it passes by.
Next, you are helped forward as the girl behind you carefully wets and soaps your hair without disturbing your mask. Anonymity is crucial. If anyone out there knew it was you...the kind of woman you really were. You tremble at the thought. The girl in front takes your hands and trims and cleans your nails, massages your hands, and your wrists. She also lifts your legs again. Pulling and pushing each leg to make sure all your muscles are working and limber. They are getting you ready. After your hair is rinsed and clean, you turn your head to look at your bather. She looks you in the eyes before kissing you softly on the lips. It's soft, innocent, and gentle. When she stops, you turn away and kiss your other companion; her lips are a little more forcefully. A twinge of passion mixed with jealousy. She wishes it were her tonight.
The girl behind you reaches around and cups your breasts paying particular attention to your nipples with her delicate fingers. They stand up at once to the ministrations. One kiss becomes another and another. Tongues meet and dance together. You feel the tender flesh of the girl in front of you. It's what you imagine soft porcelain might feel like. You all move as one closer to each other. You feel lips meet the nape of your neck as well. Another pair of hands travels up your legs, across your thighs and reach forward...
Reluctantly, the girls break away and stand up. They help you out of the bathtub and begin drying you with two small hand towels. Without pressure or coarseness, they diligently dry you off. Next the oils, the scent of sandalwood and lilac, are lovingly rubbed across every inch of your body by hand paying particular attention to your sex. You wish their fingers would continue forever. Finally, they stop and with nothing more to do for you they leave to allow you to get dressed into tonight's real attire laid out in the next room.
Once again you enter the suite of party-goers and gaze around the room. The lights have been dimmed around the outskirts of the room while more light has become focused on the center. You step forward in a thin red silk kimono. The crowd hushed as you step onto the center platform beside the leather-bound table. Across the room, another set of doors open and the crowd parts to reveal a Japanese man in a short black silk kimono staring at you. He is handsome for an older gentleman from what you can see outside of his mask. He strides with confidence but not bravado towards you and stops just before stepping onto the platform. You come around to stand in front of him. The two girls from your bath return once again clad in their kimonos and step onto the platform with you. They untie your sash and gently pull your kimono off of you. You stand before this stranger and his room full of guests wearing only thigh high nude stockings, a black garter belt, 6" black leather stiletto heels and your masquerade mask. The entire party can now see you presented to this man. Your hard nipples, clean shaven sex, and round ass on display to a room full of strangers. You begin breathing heavily waiting for someone to move. Finally your potential lover nods.
You have been approved as tonight's conquest.
The girls run to him and help him remove his kimono too. His body is lean, muscular as if he swims every day. He stands erect at the sight of you and you are pleased at the effect you have on him. He steps onto the platform with you. Although you have been waiting for this moment all night, the way he approaches you, as if a tiger hunting his prey, scares you. You back up and realize you are up against the table. You sit down. Your lover comes closer but then bends down and fastens an ankle cuff to your leg which neatly clamps onto one of the steel posts. He takes another cuff from the assistants and fastens it to your other ankle. You grab onto the posts tight as your legs are spread out. One half of the room is staring directly into your open sex while your new lover has a front row eye level seat.
He moves his head in and plants soft baby kisses on your inner thigh. You get wet just thinking of what comes next. A flick of the tongue strikes tantalizingly close to its target. Another kiss another lick until finally his tongue touches your open wet lips. You inhale deeply as his tongue finds its rhythm massaging your opening. You feel so wet, so alive. His tongue moves its gyrations to your clit and you jerk your body uncontrollably. The leg restraints snap and clatter as you squirm. His fingers press in on your thighs, pulling you wider and wider to allow more of his tongue entry. You feel that familiar growl in your loins and you welcome its approach. His licking becomes more forceful; urgent. You pray it never ends.
He knows he has you. With one finally lick from bottom to top he stands; his wet chin glistening under the spotlight. He walks around to the other side of the ottoman. The girls unclamp the restraints from the posts and you stand as well. Turning around, the girls re-clamp the ankle cuffs so that you are now facing him with the short table between you. You bend over the table, your bare ass now facing a room full of voyeuristic guests. As you bend over the leather furniture the girls fasten wrist cuffs to each arm and attach them low on the posts. You are now in position; lined up to a strange man's most gorgeous shaved penis. Wordlessly, he moves towards you.
You open your mouth, but don't let him enter. Instead, you brush your cheeks against the length of his shaft. Then trace the edges of your lipstick back across his hardness. Your tongue flicks out to tease. Then your lips mushroom together on his head for a kiss. You would love to tease him more but without your hands you are limited. Besides, you cannot wait much longer yourself. You open your mouth and take this stranger inside of you. He feels like hard candy and tastes like naughtiness. Only about half of him goes in and you try to use your tongue to keep him from pulling out again. He pushes closer again and you get another delicious slurp in. It soon becomes apparent just how helpless you are and you simply let him do all the work. You feel him slide in and out of your throat over and over; each time working himself deeper down. Your arms try desperately to break free to hold him, to grab him, to help him in his quest of using you for his own base needs. He pulls out and you feel empty.
You know what is coming next. You have already soaked the other side of the ottoman in anticipation. The whole other side of the room has watched your juices trickle down your leg as he assaulted your mouth. Your hands are momentarily freed as an upper horizontal bar is added between the two vertical ones. Your wrists are rebound to it causing your ass to stick out further and your back to arch lifting your chest just off the leather for everyone in front of you to see. Your breasts sway with each pant and the crowd watches, transfixed. He stands behind you, your legs spread, ass in the air, ready for him.
He places himself at the gateway of your opening. You buck and thrust trying to get more of him inside you. He drops both hands to your ripe backside and squeezes hard; opening you up and causing your mouth to gape. Then he thrusts inside of you and you have to grip the bar to keep from being thrown over it. He begins a steady rhythm rocking your bodies back and forth. You moan; a deeper moan than you thought yourself capable. You look up and see the dozens of guests packed in to watch you get fucked publically by a virile stranger. They whisper in hushed tones as your chest swings wildly back and forth with each thrust. You smile at their voyeurism before your eyes glaze over and all you can think about is the pleasure. He increases the pace. Reaching up, he grabs hold of your hair and pulls your head back. His pounding becomes intense, primal. You think you're going to snap the steel posts in half. You hear a scream come out of your mouth without having any control over it. He reaches places inside you that you've never felt touched before. You feel stretched; full as if when he finally does leave you you'll never feel full again.
Finally, when the pleasure has become so intense your world begins to numb to any other sensation, you feel your orgasm rip from your sex and course through the rest of your body. You scream; your body spasms. Your mystery lover feels your release through your intertwined bodies and it triggers his liberation as well. His fluid gushes into your body, warming you and connecting you. Exhausted, he pulls out. His gift, generous and warm, seeps out of your stretched out opening. He comes around in front of you again and you eagerly open your mouth to clean him off but he only bends down to kiss you before his assistants return his robe to him and he exits to wash up. You rest on the bar in front of you as a final shudder rocks your nervous system. Your pleasure and his are dripping out of you for the whole room to see. You try to get your breathing back down to normal as another chime sounds. The guests circling around you begin to disrobe and you smile at the thought of a long wicked night ahead.