I looked over, and Jenny was gazing at me, a small smirk on her face. "What?" I asked, smiling.
"Nothing" she replied, "just... thinking".
"What about?"
"You'll see".
I shrugged and returned to my book. We were lying on top of the bed in our room, on the 9th floor of a rather swish hotel in Barcelona. We'd arrived earlier that day, and having got up very early in the morning for our flight, on arriving at the hotel we had crashed out, showering and flopping onto the bed. Now, dusk was settling outside and lights were starting to wink on in the city that spread out from the windows. Jenny lay next to me, wearing a t-shirt over her red bra and pants and gazing towards me.
I didn't have long to wonder what Jenny had been thinking, as soon I felt her bring her smooth hands onto my legs, lightly stroking up my thighs. I smiled again, but pretended to ignore her, focusing on the book in front of me. I was lying on the bed with just my robe on, and it had fallen away on one side, leaving a gap against my leg. Into this gap she trailed her hand, letting it softly graze my upper thigh, eliciting a shiver from me.
Emboldened by this, she leaned towards my groin, pulling away the robe gently. She continued grazing her hand lightly over me, trailing one finger lazily up and down my penis.
She glanced up at me, and grinned when she saw I had given up all pretence at reading, and was watching her tease me. I began to run a hand over her shoulders as she gently cupped my crotch with one hand, eliciting a moan from me. Shifting, she sat up and resettled herself straddling my knees, both hands running up my thighs to fondle me, before leaning forward and kissing me on the thigh. She continued kissing around my groin, moving closer to her destination slowly, teasingly. I moaned quietly in happy anticipation and continued twining my hands through her hair. Without warning, she angled my stiffening cock upwards and started kissing up its length, before moving back and running her tongue over my balls, causing me to moan harder. She kissed her way back up and paused, hovering over the head before gently lowering herself and licking around the base of the head before drawing back. I moaned louder at this, enjoying the feeling of the cool evening air on my cock before she bobbed down, taking me inside her mouth and causing me to gasp aloud. The feel of her warm mouth around me felt incredible, and she began slowly moving up and down, bringing her hand around to cup my balls as she did so. I was rock hard at this point and moaning at every dip of her head, hands falling onto the bed as I lay back in pleasure.
I began to feel an orgasm building, so I leaned forward to stop her, grabbing her and pulling her up towards me. Then rolled her onto her side so we were facing each other on the bed.
I pulled her into a kiss, our lips meeting hungrily as my hand went to her back, holding her against me. I lightly moved my hand down her back, caressing her butt through the tactile fabric of her pants. I moved my fingers under her top and trailed them upwards, pulling the hem of her shirt upwards as I did so. We broke the kiss so I could pull it off her, and gaze down at the sexy, lithe body that lay before me. I immediately grabbed her butt and pulled her back into me for a kiss, exploring the softness of her skin under my hands. My fingers found the clasp of her bra and unhooked it, pulling it off one arm to massage her breasts. I continued to fondle her breasts and butt, running my fingers under the elastic of her pants as we continued kissing.
Without breaking the kiss, I rolled her gently onto her back and began stroking down her torso, circling below her navel and grazing the top of her pants, before removing my fingers and trailing them up
her thighs.
Pulling away from her, I moved to straddle her and bent to kiss her neck, her ears, her collarbone. Then, lower, kissing down her body towards her pants, and then moving over them to kiss her thighs. Gently spreading her legs, I gazed at the sexy form before me before dropping my head to her crotch. I moved closer, hands running up her hips and under her pants, grabbing her butt and pushing her towards my face. Removing one hand, I placed it on her thigh and slowly grazed it over her pants, causing her to moan gently. I repeated this, causing soft moans, before reaching under and moving the pants to one side. I moved my face towards her beautiful pussy, slowly using my tongue to lightly graze from bottom to top and back.
I pulled away then, and Jenny moaned slightly in irritation at the loss. Smiling, I reached for her panties and slowly pulled them down to her knees, enjoying the sight of the now near-naked woman before me. I leaned back down and paused at her crotch, before licking upwards more firmly across her pussy, causing a rapid intake of breath from Jenny. I repeated this several times, lingering over her clit for slightly longer as she continued to moan. I began circling her clit, occasionally grazing it gently it with my tongue but then moving away. I began massaging her butt and thighs with my hands, before drawing back to pull her pants fully off.
I moved my hands round to stroke along the outside of her vagina, slowly teasing her with one finger. I returned my tongue to her clit, gently licking as my finger pushed deeper, slowly entering her. I let her become used to the new sensation before curling my finger upwards, causing her to moan loudly and place her hands on my head. I continued to circle her clit with my tongue, flexing my finger, as my other hand roamed up her body, stroking the soft skin of her breast. Her moans became louder and rhythmic in time with my tongue as I began gently teasing her clit, moving up and down in a more regular pattern. My penis was rock hard against my crotch as she moaned, swearing and breathing harder as I continued to tease her. I felt the tension building in her as her thighs went taught, moans building until she was near shouting "fuck, shit, bollocks" over and over. I kept my tongue moving regularly and finger flexing inside her as she bucked, moving her hands into my hair and pulling my head into her more firmly.
"Fuck. Fuckkk" as her thighs trembled and I felt her tighten around my finger, her hands grasping at the sheets. She stayed taught as a bowstring for a few seconds and then pulled back rapidly, shoving me away with one last "fuck", her foot moving to my shoulder and pushing me into a kneeling position. She lay back, thighs still trembling slightly. I grinned at her as she smiled at me, still breathing more heavily.
"I want you inside me" she said. "With pleasure" I replied, and pulled her up onto her knees so I could kiss her, our hands moving down each others bodies.
She broke the kiss and moved her mouth to my ear, saying "I want you to fuck me in front of the window". I felt my cock twitch at the thought and brought her face back into a kiss, pulling her with me as I stepped off the bed. We pulled apart and I hurriedly grabbed the lube from the side table before coming back together by the window overlooking the city. We began kissing but she quickly began moving to my neck, and then down my body as she kissed her way again towards my cock. There was much less teasing this time though, as she kneeled and took me in her mouth, causing me to groan in ecstasy. She pulled back and took the bottle of lube from me, taking a few squirts and rubbing it over my already rock-hard cock. Then she stood, turning, presenting her sexy backside to me as she bent over and looking out over the city below.
"Fuck" she marvelled, as she looked out over the streets below, clearly loving the sight as I moved the head of my cock towards her entrance. "Oh fuckk..." she said again as I pushed slowly into her "fuck this is so hot".
I was in complete agreement, watching her skylined against the city as I pulled her hips onto mine, letting out a moan as I felt the wonderful tightness of her around me. I began thrusting into her, slowly at first but speeding up at her moans, reaching round to caress her tits as they bounced under her. She was arching her back, hair thrown back over one shoulder as she continued to press back onto my cock, ass rippling as I thrust my hips forwards.
I slowed, not wanting to come too quickly, and began thrusting more deeply into her, as she reached out and placed her hands on the window for support.
I had a thought then, and reached to pick up the vibrator from the table, turned it on, and gently placed it on her clit.
The reaction was instantaneous, she bucked and drove back hard onto me, moaning. I kept it there as I kept thrusting into her, her moans driving me wild and making me tighten my grip on her arse, leaving red marks under my hands.
"Fuck. Shit. Oh fuck John don't stop, don't you dare stop..." she shouted, hands pressing hard against the window. Suddenly her whole body went taught, and she reached back quickly and shoved away the hand with the vibrator. "Fuckkkk!!" she moaned as I remained pushed into her, I felt her clench hard around my cock as I reached forward and grabbed her tits with both hands. The sight of her legs trembling with aftershocks was so sexy I immediately started thrusting harder, wanting to cum myself. "Oh yes. Fuck. Yes, yes, Fuck me John" she gasped out as I fucked faster and faster, hands back on her ass pulling her hips onto mine. The sight of her outlined against the window, moaning loudly was too much and I came, pushing deep into her. I moaned with the release, fingernails leaving trails of marks down her skin as I lost control and pushed hard into her.
We stood there, breathing heavily, her looking down into the streets below and me watching her naked form silhouetted against the skyline beyond.
I pulled out, eliciting another quiet moan, and turned her round, grabbing her body, pulling it into mine and kissing her as my hands twined through her hair. We moved backwards, falling onto the bed, breaking off the kiss so she could lay her head on my chest and sigh contentedly.
"I love you Jenny" I whispered.
"I love you too John" came the reply.