The alarm clock buzzed for just a second at 7:00 am before Maddie promptly shut it off, as she does every morning before getting ready for work. Bracing herself for the inevitable chill, since she always sleeps fully in the nude, she dazedly tore off the covers and threw her feet over the side of the bed while sitting up and rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. She blinked tentatively a few times, and, still not quite awake, continued through the rest of her morning routine. It wasn't until she was halfway through heating some water for her morning tea that she realized - 'I don't have to go into work today!'
"Damned Coronavirus - or COVID-19, or whatever the heck they're calling it," she muttered quietly to herself. Maddie had been laid off for the next couple weeks, as her place of work had to shut down during that time. She was upset that she wasn't getting paid, but couldn't really complain that she suddenly had a bunch of free time on her hands. As someone who was accustomed to 60-70 hour weeks, free time was sort of a novel concept to her. In fact, the more she thought about it, the more she realized how many personal projects had become backed up on her to-do list that she never had time to get to.
"Well," she sighed, "I would have preferred to sleep in a little later, but since I'm already up and brewing some tea, I might as well get started on my day". Maddie looked around her apartment pensively, trying to decide with which project she wished to start. As her gaze drifted over the sliding glass door leading to the patio, she noticed just how neglected her tiny patio garden had become. "And it's such a beautiful day," she thought. "I think that would be the perfect place to start".
Grabbing her mug of tea and slipping on her fluffy slippers, she walked over to the patio door. She was halfway through opening it before the sudden gust of crisp morning air alerted her to the fact that she was - other than her slippers - still completely naked! She hurriedly slammed the door shut, then peered through the curtains covering the glass door to see if anyone had noticed. What she noticed, though, was that it was actually eerily quiet outside. It was true that most people weren't normally up this early anyways, but, since she lived in a small college town, a lot of the residents had gone back to their hometowns on account of the Coronavirus crisis, and those that remained were probably sleeping in as much as they could. Also, since there was a fence around her property, there were only a few buildings around her that could see into her patio area anyways.
Feeling daring, she pulled the curtains fully back, then opened the sliding door and stepped out onto her patio, shutting the door behind her. She couldn't believe how nice the morning sun felt on her skin. Setting her mug down next to her lawn chair, she decided to sit for a few minutes and sip on her tea while soaking in the rays. As she leaned back in the chair, she felt the cool material of the chair against her back and buttocks, which paired nicely with the heat coating her thighs, stomach, and breasts.
"Mmmm." It felt so good to not have to put a bra on in the morning, let alone any clothes at all. Only now did Maddie realize how much stress she had been carrying around day-to-day. So many of her hours were spent in uncomfortable blazers, slacks, skirts, and high heels, while focusing all of her energy and attention on making sure things were getting done correctly at her job. She had been too busy to even realize that she was busy. But, now that her body sat limply on her patio chair, with nothing but the sound of birds, the smell of her tea, and the gentle touch of the wind on her body to distract her, she was finally able to clear her mind of the stress she had been burdened with for so long.
"Ahhh," she sighed, "I could do this every morning." For a few minutes she just leaned back in the chair with her eyes closed and let her self feel the rays of sun penetrate her chilly skin. A strong breeze overtook her for a few seconds, and she immediately brought her hands to her chest to cover her hardening nipples. She her hands rub circles on her breasts, massaging the goosebumps out of them, but soon realized she was just making her nipples hard for a different reason. It brought a familiar tingle to her body, which made her jolt up in her chair as she suddenly remembered she was out on her patio naked.
She crossed one arm over her chest and covered her crotch with the other and looked around, but found she was still totally alone. For a second she debated going back inside for a quick solo session, but the air outside felt so good, and she was more relaxed and, surprisingly, more turned on than she had been in a long time. She had rarely had the time or mental energy to masturbate recently, and she didn't want to risk losing the peace of mind she had attained at the moment.
So, content that no one could see or hear her, she again leaned back in her chair, and let her hand that was covering her breasts resume in kneading them. She allowed her fingers to graze over her nipples a bit, which never failed to get her juices flowing, and this time was no different. Spreading her thighs just a slight bit, she wormed her middle finger through her lightly trimmed pubes and between her legs, then pressed through her outer labia until she found her ever-increasing wetness.
"Mmmm," she moaned. Her voice startled her, sounding as though it carried forever in the still silence around her. Worrying that someone might hear her, she kept her lips tightly sealed and allowed her finger to continue its exploration of her vulva. She probed a bit further, dipping just the tip of her finger into her vagina, then brought her finger up to her clit, causing her to shudder and supress another slight moan. Her finger moved over her clit in gentle circles, while her other hand moved to her other breast, pressing it firmly into her body.
Needing more access to her pussy, she lifted her left leg and placed her foot on the edge of the chair, and spread her legs wide, exposing herself fully to anyone that might be around. Too engrossed in her pleasure to care anymore if someone could see her, she took her first two fingers and slid them effortlessly into her vagina and began finger-fucking herself slowly at first, and then gradually more and more forcefully. As hard as she was trying, she couldn't help but let a few audible gasps and moans escape as she released herself to the ecstasy she was feeling. Her free hand began to roam her stomach, thighs, and chest while she entered another finger into her pussy with the other hand. She thought about nothing in particular, but instead allowed her mind to simply focus on every sensation that her body was feeling.
Her fingers were moving rapidly now, and the chair started to squeak and shift under her bucking body. "Oh god, that feels so good. Mmmm. Oh God!" Any thought towards any sense of decency went out the window as she moaned and exclaimed with reckless abandon. She brought her hand back to her left breast and squeezed forcefully while she relentlessly fingered herself, and before long the pleasure reached its peak, and she convulsed gently as her orgasm swept over her body in heavy waves.
Releasing her breath that she didn't realize she was holding, she slumped back into her chair and let her arms fall down to her sides. Her breath came in short, labored bursts, and sweat beaded up on her face and body. She let the sun and wind envelope her for a few minutes longer while she regained her composure, until the rising sun became too warm for her to handle any more. She opened her eyes, then pulled them back into slits to protect them from the bright sun, and out of the corner of her eye she could've sworn she saw a figure rush briefly away from her fence, before hearing a sliding glass door slam shut nearby. Sitting up fully now, with her arms covering herself as best as she could, she could feel her heart beating in her chest with adrenaline as she scanned her surroundings for any sign of life, but ultimately found none.
She rose quickly from her chair, and in one movement opened the door, moved inside, and closed the door and curtains behind her. "Was there someone out there watching me?" she wondered to herself. She suddenly became very nervous. How much did they see? Was it someone I know? Were they filming it?
Her mind full of questions, she felt her heart beat rise with anxious excitement, but much to her surprise, could feel herself growing even more wet from the thought.
"Well, I suppose I don't have anything else to do today," she said to herself, as she returned to her bedroom and dug up her favorite toy.