Please read parts one and two, and come on back!
_________
The three of us stood in my living room, looking at one another. Thankfully, Jenny had done up the buttons on her dress, and there was really no evidence at all that we'd been fooling around. Her father went to give her a hug, but she moved aside and walked to the kitchen, giving me a worried look. I didn't know exactly what she was feeling, but I would be there if she needed me.
I stood in front of Jim, Jenny's biological father. "How's it going, Jim?" I said, in a not particularly friendly manner. I'd only met him a few times before, thought he was an idiot then, and he still looked like one.
He looked at me, then tried to step around me, but I wouldn't let him. I put my hand on his chest. "Woah, Johnny boy, easy there," he said, and I hated him even more than I had two minutes before.
"What do you want, Jim?" I said, locking eyes with him. He looked me in the eye as well, but I had a steely determination, and he stepped back, losing his nerve.
He looked past me, and through to the kitchen where Jenny was standing, watching us. "Hi honey," he called to her. I looked at her as well, to gauge her reaction, and she shook her head at me and went to sit down, out of sight. It had been something like seven or eight years since he'd shown his face and she clearly didn't want to know.
"OK, Jim. It's been great seeing you. Now it's time for you to go," I said.
"Who the hell do you..." he started to say, but I cut him off by putting my hand up in front of his stupid face. I wasn't a tough guy, but I was tall and athletic enough and I could take him, especially with a fire in my belly and a girl to protect.
"She doesn't seem too thrilled to see you, Jim," I suggested. "Maybe think about that for a little while."
"I don't think..." he started to say, and again, I stopped him.
"Clearly," I said. "When you have had a little time to consider your actions, give Jenny's mother a call."
Jim started to speak, but I stepped forward and he backed off towards the door, then left, cursing. I went outside, and watched him as he drove away, in some asshole sportscar. He gave me a death glare but I didn't care. It was obvious that Jenny didn't want him there, so I had done what I needed to do.
I went back inside the house, and Jenny ran to me, in tears. She hugged me, and I held her close to my chest, comforting her. It was the first time in a long time that I'd been an emotional support for her, because her entire identity now was all about strength, self-control and independence. I held her for as long as she wanted to be held, and let her pull away when she was ready.
"Are you OK?" I asked her softly.
"I don't know. All I know is that I suddenly felt very fearful, and needed to be away from him," she said, tearfully. "Thank you."
"Anything for you, Jenny," I replied.
"No, John, I mean it. You really came through there. I didn't ask you to help or protect me, but you somehow just knew. Thank you, thank you," she said sweetly and moved in to hug me again.
"You called me John," I said to her, as I continued to comfort her.
"I know," she answered, then paused, and pulled away from my hug. She gave me a genuine smile. "I only called you Daddy to flirt with you."
"And now?"
"I still like flirting with you, so we'll see," she said, gave me a sweet smile, and walked back to the kitchen, seemingly feeling better. I sat back down on the couch and turned on the TV, and tried to relax after that episode. I wasn't a confrontational person, so was a little surprised at myself for doing what I did, and I was now shaking a little.
"Want something to eat?" Jenny called from the kitchen. "I'll make us something."
"Great, thank you, Jenny," I replied. This was a rare occurrence, but I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. "Want help?"
"No, I've got it, you just relax," she replied sweetly and pottered around in the kitchen. I just sat back and watched a movie for a while. I must have dozed off a little, because I was woken up by Jenny calling. "Dinner's ready," she said, and I quickly jumped up, keen to see what she had made for us.
On the dining table, she had laid out everything: bowls of pasta with cream sauce and mushrooms, salad, bread and wine. I couldn't believe it. I was so thankful, and truly felt as if this was the first selfless thing I'd ever seen her do for me, at least since becoming this kind of evil sex queen. Or perhaps the first time in a while where I didn't wonder if I was being manipulated somehow.
"Jenny, this is wonderful," I said.
"Sit," she said, and I did. Jenny poured us out some wine and sat next me. We fed each other bites, and as it always was with Jenny and I, the chemistry was easy and natural. She seemed happy, so I didn't want to push it about her father's unpleasant visit. Soon enough, she brought it up.
"Thanks again for what you did," she said.
"I could tell you were scared," I replied.
"I was. He's no father to me. You've been that for me, and more," she said, eating. "At this point, I really couldn't give a fuck about either of my parents."
I was a little shocked to hear this, but it made sense. She'd basically been abandoned by both of them. "I'll always be here for you, no matter what," I told her.
Jenny stopped eating and looked at me. "You've been here when no one else has, and just because I can be this crazy little bitch, I know exactly what you've done for me and what you've sacrificed," she said.
"It has been a pleasure and an honor," I said.
"Mostly a pleasure lately," she muttered with a sly smile and resumed her meal. After a minute, she put down her fork again. "But now, and maybe Sigmund would say differently, you're not a father figure to me. You're... something else."
We ate a little more, drank some wine and just looked at each other now and again. Jenny's eyes sparkled, and I simply couldn't believe how gorgeous she was.
"Why all the games, Jenny?" I asked her, sincerely.
"You didn't enjoy them?"
"Well, sometimes. Sometimes it was just hell," I said, and Jenny giggled.
"I know. But let me tell you, I am very impressed with you."
"Impressed, why?"
"For holding out so long. I've been at this for over a year now, and you only gave in last week or so. And that was only because I tricked you," she said, while eating her salad. I wasn't sure what to say.
"Jenny sweetheart, I still think what's happened between us is wrong and that we ought to stop. Your father coming here only made that clearer," I told her. His little visit seemed to have had a real effect on us both.
"You are a good, kind, noble and strong man, John. I love you and I trust you. I guess that's why I went after you," she said, looking me in the eye, and holding my hand.
"Not strong enough," I replied, ashamed.
"Listen. Every guy in my high school wants to fuck me. A lot of the girls too. Some of the teachers. Everywhere I go, all I get is guys staring at me, giving me their phone number, touching me, following me. Then there's you."
"Did you only play those games with me because I was the only one who would refuse you?" I asked.
"No," she answered, then paused. "This is the truth," she went on and I nodded. "Despite how confident I come across, I've been scared to... be with a boy. I don't trust the guys in school, and well, I never felt any excitement with them. Then, one day, I noticed that being around you made my underwear damp," she said with a giggle and looked at me. "The more this went on, the more I wanted you to be the one."
"The one?" I asked.
"The one to, y'know. Pop me," she answered and I understood what she meant. "Believe it or not, I was too shy, and felt so silly around you, that all I could think of was little games. And when we were out and I'd tell people you were my boyfriend, well, it was wishful thinking," she continued, and seemed to get a little sad. No one spoke for a little while.
"Jenny, you know I think you're wonderful," I started to say, but she interrupted me.
"But you're the only guy in the world who doesn't want me," she replied.
"I can't have you," I said.
"Can't you?"
"No, Jenny. It would be a violation of your trust, of my position in your life."
"Would it?" she said, sweetly.
"Yes, it would. I love you. It's my job to protect you from creeps like me," I said and we both laughed.
"I love you too, John. I mean, I'm in love with you. I don't need you to be a father anymore. I need you to... " she stopped talking and took a sip of wine.
"To?"
"To be something else, something more," she said. I sat back, and looked at her. I sighed a long sigh, and scratched my stubbly chin. I studied her for a while. She still had a little bit of the childlike face about her, but there was no doubt that she was fully formed and ready to go. She had a maturity about her, and a sharp mind. She was of age, and according to law, capable of making her own decisions.
But that didn't mean she would make good decisions, and as she had said, the Freudian implications of an affair with her father figure were heavy. But we weren't related. It was morally highly questionable, and not just because of our relationship when she was younger, but because she was my wife's daughter and less than half my age.
"That simply can't happen, I'm sorry," I said, trying to be a decent man again, after my recent lapses.
"We'll see," she said quietly and got up, then started clearing away. I felt bad for maybe hurting her feelings after she'd made such a fantastic effort with dinner. I thanked her again, and helped her clean up. It was still relatively early, so when the kitchen was tidy enough, we sat back down on the sofa and Jenny put on a movie.
"Want to pick up where we left off, before that man came?" Jenny asked, and cuddled up. She meant her father, I assumed.
"What were we doing?"
"We were kissing and you were massaging my titties, baby," she said. I just hung my head and sighed.
"Must you torture me?" I asked her with a smile.
"Oh, I didn't think you found me attractive. So why is it torture for you to refuse me?" she said and we both laughed.
"Yes, that's true. I don't think you're funny, brilliant and charming and the most beautiful girl in the world or anything..." I said, then regretted it. I looked at her and she was blushing, another thing I'd rarely seen her do.
"You don't think I'm the most beautiful girl in the world?" she said softly, looking deep into my eyes. She pressed herself against me and put her arm around my shoulder.
"No, not at all," I said, equally softly, and stroked her hair. Yes, I was in love with her, in a very real and non-fatherly way. "And I definitely don't love you madly."
"Why would you, when you don't think I'm beautiful? You would only love me and want me if you thought I was the most beautiful girl in the world."
"Which I definitely, definitely, probably don't," I said and she giggled. She brought her face closer to mine, and I could feel her breath.
"It's obvious you don't like me," she said, reaching down and squeezing my rock hard dick. "If you liked me, you'd have a giant erection, which you definitely, definitely, probably don't," she said with a giggle, took her hand away, and backed off a little. "Wanna play a game, or go to our separate rooms and masturbate thinking about each other?" she said, and we both laughed.
"What game?" I asked.
"Will you play?"
"Sure," I answered. I loved her company and didn't want the evening to end just yet. It didn't mean I would be fucking her.
"It's called two lies, one truth. You give three statements, two of which are lies and one of which is true, and I have to guess which is the true one. And if I don't guess the truth, I have to forfeit. If I do guess, you have to forfeit."
"What's the forfeit?"
"What do you want it to be?"
"Ten bucks?" I suggested.
"Oh, you can do better than that, babe."
"The loser washes the other's car?"
"How about the loser removes an item of clothing?"
"Jenny, come on. I really mean it this time."
"Of course you do," she said with a smile. "Scared?"
"Yes, I'm scared, and you won't goad me into playing some game like that," I said.
"Babe, I'm wearing socks, a dress and lots of other stuff. You have on socks, pants, a shirt and I would assume briefs or boxers."
"Briefs, yes," I replied.
"So it's fine."
"OK, but three rounds only." I figured that way no one was going to be nude.
"You go first, Daddy," she said. I looked at her with a raised eyebrow. The game was afoot.
"OK. I've been to Russia. I've never been to Spain. And, I don't think you're the most beautiful girl in the world," I said, and immediately felt like that was a mistake.
"Well, I know that last one's a lie," she said and smiled at me. "The true one is, you've been to Russia."
"No. That was a lie as well. I've also been to Spain plenty of times."
Jenny actually looked surprised, then hurt. "Oh," she said.
"Babe, I'm joking. I've never been to Spain," I said. That was the true one. Jenny sighed and looked at me saucily.
"So that means, hmmm..." she said, and gave me a little kiss on the cheek. "Thank you, hon." She stood up. "Well, I got that wrong, so now I have to forfeit." I expected her to take a sock off, but she started unbuttoning her dress instead. She got a few buttons undone when I stopped her.
"Hang on, what are you doing?"
"I lost. I have to forfeit."
"Yes, but start with a sock or an earring or something."
"Why? That's not the rules," Jenny said and continued unbuttoning.
"You're cheating," I said, and got up to stop her. My hand accidentally landed on her tit.
"Copping a feel, Sir?" she said, and I took my hand away. I stepped back and before I knew it, she'd slipped her dress off her shoulders and dropped it to the floor. And to my delight and horror, it turned out she wasn't wearing a bra, so was standing in front of me only in her panties and socks. I averted my eyes.
"Jesus, Jenny. What the fuck?"
"What's the problem, Daddy?" she said in her Marilyn Monroe voice that she liked to use when playing these games. "You've seen it all before. You even rubbed sun tan lotion all over them, remember? And anyway, they're just mammary glands for feeding babies, so who cares?"
"Flawless logic as always, Jenny," I said, covering my eyes and stepping back.
"You don't want to see your little girl's titties, Daddy?" she purred, taking a step towards me.
"No, I, well... y' know, no, I don't," I replied, a complete mess. Jenny moved towards me and pressed her body against mine. I could feel her bare breasts against my chest, and her arms and legs encircling mine.
"Well, now you can't see them, so you're all safe," she said sweetly, stood on her tiptoes and rested her cheek against my stubbly face. She put her arms around my neck. "That must have been awful for you, Daddy, to gaze upon such a terrible sight as my titties," she went on. "But you're OK now."
My hands fell to waist, and her skin felt like paradise. I could have her if I wanted her. I did want her. More than anything on this earth, except for one thing. To not hurt her. That was the most important thing to me, more important than my pleasure certainly, and that was to look after her, protect her and set her on a good course.
I looked down at her and smiled, then turned around and took off my shirt. I passed it to her. "Please put this on, Jenny," I said.
"OK, John," she replied, and I waited. "It's on, so you can look at me again without melting." I turned around. She'd put my shirt on, but she hadn't done it up, and if anything, she looked even more tempting than before. I could see the shape of her breasts, but not her nipples, and her belly button, then her skimpy underwear.
"Jesus Christ," I muttered and sat down. She sat down next to me, and the shirt spilled open. I grabbed it and pulled it tight around her.
'It's my turn now," she said. "Let me see. OK. "First, you are my biological father, second, I want you to be my boyfriend and lover, and thirdly, I'm not of legal age for you to have sex with me."
I just looked at her and shook my head. "I see what you did there, Jen," I said.
"So, which is the true one?"
"Jenny, listen, I know I'm not your father, and I know that you're of legal age now, but I..."
"Well," Jenny interrupted me. "Looks like you guessed the true one, so I have to forfeit again," she went on and took the shirt off that I'd given her. She was only in panties and socks again, and again, I averted my eyes. She threw the shirt at my head and I put it back on.
"I think you rigged this game against me, Jennifer," I said, not looking at her.
"Using my full name, are you? Finally accepted that I'm a grown up? Anyway, it's your turn now," she said.
"At least sit so that they're not just..."
"What aren't what?" she said.
"You know what," I replied. She giggled and sat with her knees up, partially covering herself up, but although I couldn't see her nipples, her breasts were being squished deliciously by her legs which wasn't much better. "OK," I started to think of something to say for the game. "Orange is my favorite color, I think pineapple on pizza is really delicious, and you're far too young for me," I said.
Jenny looked at me. "Well, I know we agree that the second one isn't true. The third one is obviously false, so you must really love orange," she said with a laugh, and just as I was about to object, she leaned over, kissed me slowly and sweetly on the lips. "I guessed it right, so you have to forfeit," she added. I kept my shirt on and took off a sock and put it in my pocket. Jenny was now cuddling up against me, very nearly nude.
"OK, Jenny. It's your turn. Go ahead," I said, feeling the usual mixture of emotional exhaustion and arousal from being around her.
"Babe, I'm tired. Can we go to bed?"
I looked at her quizzically. "Yes...?"
"Can we sleep in the same bed, please?" she asked. "I'm scared he'll come back."
"Are you really scared or are you just trying to cause trouble, Jenny?"
"Trouble, moi?"
"I thought so," I said. "Don't worry, you'll be safe." I stood up and walked to the kitchen without looking back. "Please put your dress back on, stepdaughter," I called to her from the kitchen.
"Yes, stepfather," I heard her say, then saw her walking off down the hall to her room, holding her dress. I finished tidying up in the kitchen, then went to the bathroom to wash my face. I looked at myself in the mirror. What was it about me that she liked so much? And what was it inside her that made her think it was OK for us to sleep together? I didn't know the answers, I was just glad that I'd managed to go another day without giving into her. I let out a yawn and wandered down the hall.
I went into my bedroom, closed the door behind me, whistled a little tune and started undressing. I looked over, and saw Jenny lying in my bed, smiling sweetly. She was under the covers, so I couldn't tell if she was nude or not. I couldn't do much else, so just smiled at her, and made a mock-angry face.
"Don't worry, buddy," she said. "I won't bite."
I continued to undress, but left my briefs on, got into bed on the other side, and grabbed the book off my nightstand. I started to read, but Jenny was just sitting there, grinning at me, so it wasn't easy to concentrate. "Why don't you grab a book, girl?" I said. There was some unintended flirt in my voice.
"Or you could talk to me," Jenny said, quite reasonably. I looked over at her.
"I was thinking it might be a good time to get some sleep, actually."
"John, in all seriousness," Jenny said. "We still have some things to talk about." She shuffled down the bed a little and put her head on the pillow. The covers slipped and I saw that she was actually wearing a nightie. I put my book down, and lay with my head on my pillow as well, lying on my side, looking at her.
"You start," I said. She sighed, as if thinking how to begin.
"I don't want you to think of me as your daughter or a child anymore. I don't need you to be my father. I'm eighteen, and I have a car and I got a job," she said.
"A job!" I exclaimed.
"Don't act too surprised. I'm quite capable, you know."
"Oh, it's not that. You know I hold you in the highest regard. I'm just surprised," I told her.
"It's all a part of my plan to prove to you that I'm not a little girl anymore," she said, then added, "Despite what you said when you came in my mouth," in a whisper. We both laughed.
"What's the job?"
"I'm going to be helping out in an office, and when I graduate high school, I'll be a receptionist until I start college."
"You have everything figured out, Jen. As always, I'm impressed with you."
"Thanks, babe," she said sweetly. "Not everything, though."
"No?"
"I have absolutely no intention of starting college as a virgin, John," she said. I made a face at her, but didn't know what to say. "So, I'm thinking I'll just take up every offer I've had in the last five years and let the entire school student body, faculty and metropolitan area fuck me, or..."
"Or what?" I asked, amused..
"Or the only man who I trust and love and want will take me, and save me the trouble." I just lay there, as we looked at each other, seemingly in love. "I don't want to seduce you into bed, or play some game, or trick you. I just want it to happen naturally. I want it, and I know you want it. You're just such a wonderful, good man. It only makes me want you more," she said, trailing off with a little sadness.
"I don't know what to say, Jenny," I told her.
"If it makes you feel better, you can call me Jennifer," she said. "But you don't need to say anything, my darling." She really did sound grown up, and I could tell the visit from her father had sobered her up. "And I want you to know that this isn't some little stupid crush. I am in love with you, and if it's not you, then it won't be anyone."
"But Jenny, don't you want a boyfriend your own age, someone you have things in common with, can have a future with?"
"This isn't about logic. You are what I want," she said, again with a trace of melancholy. "Don't you love me?"
"Of course I love you," I answered.
"Not like a father loves a daughter, I mean," she asked. I paused.
"No, I'm in love with you too, Jennifer," I said, and now it was my turn to feel sad. I turned away from her and lay on my back looking up at the ceiling. I inhaled and exhaled sharply. She moved over to me and laid her head on my chest, but it wasn't an overt sexual gesture, despite the fact that her body was pressed against me. I held her and closed my eyes.
"So, we're in love," she said. "This is a fine mess."
"Yes it is."
"I want to ask you a question and I need you to answer me honestly, promise?"
"Promise," I answered.
"Are you in love with my mother?" she said. I paused for a second, but it was an easy question.
"No. Not at all," I answered. "But you already knew that."
"Do you mind if I stay in here with you? I promise I won't trick you into anything."
"You won't need to trick me, love. I just don't know if I trust myself," I replied. "You have no idea how much I want you."
"I have some idea," she said with a smile. "Just one kiss and then we'll go to sleep, OK?"
"It starts with a kiss, Jenny, then..."
"Then?"
"I don't need to tell you," I said.
"Actually, you do, because I'm still a virgin. Well, my mouth isn't, but the rest of me is," she said, and we both laughed.
"Night night, sweet love," I said, reached over and turned off the light. I held her and tried to go to sleep, but it wasn't easy. It had been a crazy day, one of the most memorable of my life, ending with our dual confession of love. It truly felt as if our relationship had changed. Soon enough, I sensed my baby had drifted off, and I followed her off to dreamland. Maybe we'd meet there and make love.
In the morning I woke up and stretched. Jenny was waking up as well, as the first rays of sunshine entered the room, and she looked like the most beautiful girl who ever walked the earth. Just by instinct, I kissed her, and she snuggled up to me and let out a happy moan. She looked up at me and returned my kiss, and let it linger. I felt her body against me, and all logic and morality exited my mind as she transported me. Our kiss intensified as our hands freely explored each other's bodies.
Jenny emitted some gorgeous squeaky little moans as I touched her, and her hands soon found their way to my cock. I gently squeezed her breasts as my kiss traveled from her mouth to her earlobe, neck and then shoulders. She pulled her nightie over her head, and I gently kissed her cleavage, as she caressed my cock and balls. I had never known love or lust like this in my life, never been with a sweeter or sexier girl, and I couldn't help myself.
I slipped down her body, taking a nipple in my mouth, and she released her hands from me and stretched out. I softly sucked and kissed her breasts, and it felt like the most beautiful and natural thing in the world. Jenny started wriggling around as I massaged her, and I moved further down her body. Unless there was an earthquake, there was absolutely no way in hell I wasn't tasting her pussy in the next five minutes.
I took my time and kissed my way down her stomach, toying with her belly button with my tongue, and she was already making sounds that sounded like a preamble to orgasm. I kissed her lower abdomen while caressing her divine slim waist and perky tits, and Jenny had her hands above her head in complete surrender to me.
"Chicken?" I suggested as a joke.
"Never, no," she replied breathlessly. "If you stop now I swear I'll kill us both," she went on and giggled. I wasn't going to stop.
I got down to the crucial point, but wasn't going to just leap in. This situation required more teasing, because if she was to be believed, this would be the first time she had ever been kissed there. She was wearing little panties, and I very quickly gave her a little kiss on her mound, before moving onto her inner thighs, for a tease. She spread her legs for me.
She continued making cute little sounds as I kissed her legs, her inner thighs and hips. She truly was a creation of complete perfection, the like of which I had never known. After a few minutes of circling heaven, I closed her legs and put her knees down flat.
"What are you doing?" she said, half in delirium. I didn't answer, just slipped her panties down, which I assumed would answer her question. She lifted one of her knees and put her foot through, leaving her panties around one of her thighs only. I kissed her tummy again, and brushed a finger through her pubic hair, an immaculately and tastefully groomed petite strip that looked like the most alluring work of art ever.
I placed my thumb gently on her lips and she spread her legs again, uttering an "oh!" exclamation. I could feel her wetness as I very gently made little circles on her. Keeping my thumb on her, I moved up her body again, kissing her tummy, tits and then on the mouth. She was too caught up in this new sensation to really respond. I didn't waste any more time, and traveled south and kissed her pussy.
Her warmth, taste and scent surrounded me as I kissed her, then began to lick her clit. This was something I was good at, having been schooled many years ago by a girlfriend who I had failed to pleasure. She taught me exactly what to do, and since that day, had had exactly zero failures. On the contrary, I began to consider myself a master, and this beautiful little girl in my bed was receiving a master's touch. Her response was immediate.
Jenny wriggled and writhed, moaned and groaned as I worked my magic on her, and she began to talk loudly, as if in a magical dream. "Baby... baby... oh my god... I... you... this... I... " she went on and on, and with her juices flowing and body in spasm, I could tell she was near a climax. She went into a yell. "Fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh..." she yelped as her orgasm hit and she grabbed the bedpost behind her. I slipped a finger inside her and fucked her digitally while continuing to lick and caress her with my tongue.
Her orgasmic shrieks went from intense to insane as another, even higher, peak hit her. "Uh uh uh uh uh..." was all she managed to say, and I thought this might be the greatest moment of my life. She didn't make any indication that she wanted me to stop, so I kept going, just slowed her down a little. I took my fingers out of her, reached up and slipped them in her mouth, as I gently kissed her. She was completely lost.
She was breathing hard as the shocks of orgasm hit her, wave after wave. I put my hand around her neck, squeezed a little, and started back on her sweet bean again. Having brought her back down to third gear, she was off again, bucking and moaning loudly as I brought her to climax again. And again. I could do this all day, and wondered to myself what the world record was for sustained orgasm during cunnilingus.
"J-J-J-J-John..." my baby started to say. "Please... fuck me now."
Again, I slowed down with the pussy licking, and gave her soft kisses on her mound and perfect belly. I was feeling in control of my passion, and despite everything, wasn't ready to pop her cherry. And anyway, I didn't have a condom. Instead, I lay down, and brought her close to me and held her. Her limbs were wrapped around me and she was still spasming and moaning, her eyes closed.
"Uh uh," she groaned softly as another little aftershock swept over her, and she rubbed her pussy against my leg. Opening her eyes, she reached up and kissed me passionately, still obviously in an orgasmic state. She lay back down on my chest, as her climaxes grew less intense and she re-entered the real world. I looked at the clock and she had been in this state of heightened bliss for nearly half an hour.
Jenny picked up her head and looked at me, her eyes still half-closed and her hair a gorgeous mess. "OK. What the fuck just happened?" she said, and we both laughed.
"I can never be 100% certain, but you may have had an orgasm," I replied.
"I don't think so. I've had orgasms before, with my little friend 'Buzz Wifecheer', but I think I just astral projected to the other side of the galaxy," Jenny said, and I felt proud of my performance. And glad for her. She twitched again. "Uh," she said cutely, experiencing another minor wave. "What did you do to me?" she said, and collapsed on me, in giggles and wriggles.
"Oh, nothing," I said nonchalantly, and we both laughed.
"I'm fairly certain that I just gave birth to a new universe somewhere. Some orgasmic big bang moment in an alternate reality," she said, grandly. "Oh my god," she added, and we just lay there for a while. After a minute, she picked her head up again, appearing clearer. "Wait a second. You didn't fuck me!"
"That's true. You're still a little virgin," I said.
"Well, I don't feel like one," she said and kissed me again, long and slow. "John, baby, baby. I've never felt anything like that. Never. Nothing like it. I... what you did to me... I didn't even know I was capable of feeling so much. It was intense, it was magical. I feel brand new, like... a different person. My god. I'm so relaxed. You could charge for what you just did."
She went on, and I just cuddled her. "It wouldn't work that way on another woman," I said, although that might not have been true. But I had given her special treatment, and it was a fact that we were in love.
"When you finger fucked me, I lost control. I felt like I was being suspended in cellophane and tickled by a million feathers..." she continued, then fell silent for a minute. "But why didn't we go all the way?"
I looked her in the eye. "You're ready, Jenny. But, I'm not. Not with you. I want to, and I hope we will, but I'm just not ready yet, I'm sorry," I said.
"Just don't keep me waiting too long, my darling," she said.
"And anyway, I don't have any condoms," I said with a smile.
"Will you do that to me again? Every day?"
"I don't think I can wait until tomorrow, my sweetheart," I said, and she giggled and gave me another kiss.
"And I owe you the best blowjob ever," she said, then looked at me with a naughty look and grabbed my balls.
_________
Later that week, a week of almost unimaginable bliss, I was sitting in the living room after work, and Jenny came home. She had two friends with her, and they all piled into the house with absurd youthful energy. "John, this is Bianca and Cassie. Girls, this is my boyfriend, John," Jenny said, walked over and gave me a kiss. "Mind if they stay for dinner?"
Jenny and her friends went into the kitchen, and I could tell Jenny was starting to cook. I joined them and opened a bottle of wine. "Everyone cool with wine?" I asked and everyone nodded. I poured out four glasses and we all drank. All these girls were cute, I noted. Bianca was exotic, Mediterranean and Cassie was black and gorgeous. But neither shone like my Jenny, at least to me.
I wandered back into the living room, not wanting to crash their party, but after a little while, Jenny called me back in as dinner was made. She'd prepared some à la carte tacos, and we all dived in. I switched to white wine, and we all ate, drank and laughed. These three had great chemistry and I didn't feel like I was intruding.
"Girls, tell me what it's like when a boy goes down on you," Jenny said matter-of-factly, and the two of them didn't seem fazed. My eyes were wide, however, and it took me a minute to compose myself.
"It's been alright, but it's never any good unless I ride him cowgirl," Cassie said.
"Lousy," Bianca answered. "I haven't had a single orgasm with my boyfriend and it's been a year. He's so sweet, but it's not happening," she went on, taking a big bite of food.
"Yeah, when he eats me out, it's pretty nice, but he only makes me come once in a while," Cassie continued.
"And what's it like when you do come?" Jenny asked.
"It's like a build up of energy, tingles and release. Like a fun sneeze, I guess," Cassie answered casually.
"Oh," Jenny said, and the other two looked at her. I just hid my face, embarrassed.
"How about you, Jenny?" Bianca asked. Jenny looked at me.
"You want the truth?" Jenny asked. Both the girls nodded. "OK. This is the truth. John only started doing this to me on the weekend, and it's now been five days..."
"It's OK, Jen," Cassie said, patting her on the hand. "These things can take time."
"No, it's not that, babes," Jenny replied. "This man has taken me on trips around the world, around the galaxy. I've thought my head might explode a few times. He's made me forget my own name and made me believe I was made of stardust. One time, I secretly recorded him doing it to me and I played it back and it sounded like the exorcist. I didn't even think pleasure like this was possible."
The girls looked at Jenny, then at each other, then at me, then back at Jenny. I looked away, and opened a third bottle.
"Nope, nothing like that," Cassie said and they all laughed.
"Can you give my boyfriend lessons, please?' Bianca said, looking at me. "Or just, y'know... do it yourself."
"Bianca!" Jenny said. "This boy is mine. "You have to ask my permission, not him." Again, they all laughed.
"But you're still a virgin, Jen, aren't you?" Cassie asked.
"Yes I am," she replied, and looked at me. "He finger fucks me, kisses my titties, licks my clit. I suck his cock. We 69. We shower together and sleep in the same bed, but for some reason, fucking is unacceptable."
All three of the girls looked at me. I just shrugged. "It's overrated," I said, trying to hold in a laugh, picked up my glass and walked to the back porch. I opened the door and stepped out. I needed to get out of that conversation, and the others carried on without me. I smoked a little bit of spliff and breathed deeply. In two days, Katherine was coming home, and I needed to prepare emotionally for that.
A little while later, the girls left and Jenny joined me in the living room as I was watching TV. She stood in front of me and slowly removed all her clothes, looking deep into my eyes. This miracle of female creation would never be anything other than extraordinary to me. She stood over me and I touched her waist and kissed her on her sweet box. I heard her moan a little and caressed my hair. I started tonguing her a little and she spread her legs.
"Oh my god, here I go again," she said softly, but then broke off and sat down next to me. "I know for a fact that girls don't usually get to feel this way. I've been reading up on it, and it's rare. I feel so lucky. I want to thank you, my sweet lover man."
I gave her a kiss and let it linger. Every time we touched it was like electricity. "Thank you as well," I said. "No one has ever made me feel like this either."
Jenny got up and sat on me, straddling me. She unzipped my fly, took out my dick and started massaging me gently. She looked at me with heat in her eyes, shifted a little and put her pussy against my cock. She used me as a sex toy on her clit a little, then stopped, and sat back down next to me.
"You have no idea how much I want it," she said. "I feel quite desperate."
"I have some idea, Jenny," I said and she giggled.
"My mom is coming home in a couple of days," she said with a sigh. "What are we going to do?"
I looked at her. "She told me that your father has been in touch and they want to have dinner with you," I said.
"Oh god. That sounds like hell."
"I know, I'm sorry. Listen Jenny, how would you feel if your mother and I split up?"
Jenny frowned. "Would you be leaving my life as well?"
"No, of course not, never," I replied.
"Then I think it's probably for the best," she said, and I nodded.
"I was thinking of talking to her about it this weekend, but wasn't sure. I'm going to get my own place, as this one really belongs to you and her," I went on.
Jenny nodded in agreement. "I think it would be good for everyone. But would we, um...? Would we stay together, be a couple, or...?"
"I'd leave that up to you, Jenny. It's your choice, always has been," I told her.
"Then, yes. Of course. We're in love and that's not going to change is it? And anyway, I feel like this magical being when I'm around you. Being social with other people is like returning to earth with a crash," she said with a laugh.
"I already started looking, actually. I need to get out of suburbia and get a cooler pad. To rent at first until I find somewhere to buy," I told her.
"You're way too hip for this place," she said, and kissed me again. "But what are we going to do this weekend? Are you going to sleep with her?"
"No. I won't. That would feel like a betrayal to you."
"Thank you, sweet love," she replied. She started stroking my cock again, then leaned over and took me in her mouth. I gasped with sudden and overwhelming pleasure, and reached down to touch her breasts. She came up for air a minute later and smiled. "You have the best cock in the world."
"How would you know? It's the only one you've ever had," I said, and we both laughed. She went down on me again for a few seconds.
"I just know," she replied. "What are the chances of you making love to me tonight?"
"I still don't have any condoms, Jen, I'm sorry..."
"Actually, I went to the doctor and I'm on the pill now," she said.
"Oh."
"Oh, is right."
"Well..." I started to say.
"Well what?" she started, then paused. "It's OK, John. I won't pressure you. I know why you won't, and it's fine. I can wait a little longer, but I need you to know that it's really killing me."
I went over it in my mind. This girl, my stepdaughter, and I, were in a relationship now, all barriers were smashed, we were in love, and I was going to leave her mother. What was stopping me from making love to her? I just sighed and looked at her. It was the final line to cross, at least sexually, and would feel like the ultimate betrayal of her trust in me, as a father figure. I remembered what she used to be like, when she was a child, but she was very different now.
"I don't have a good answer," I said, stood up, and put my dick away. I looked down at her, my darling, my princess, and scooped her up. As I held her in my arms, I realized I loved her more than I had loved any other human being. She kissed me, and I carried her to my bedroom and laid her down on my bed. I hadn't intended to, but as I looked down at her nude form on my bed, I was inspired with lust. I moved over to her.
I kissed her. On her feet, on her ankles, on her calves, on her knees, and on her thighs. She started giggling because she knew what was coming next. Within minutes, I had her screaming, with her thighs around my neck and my face covered in her precious nectar. And as usual, I didn't stop and she kept coming. This girl was a force of nature. After a little while, she tapped me on the shoulder and looked down at me, shaking her head.
"Boy, you're a magician," she said, giggling and twitching with pleasure. "Now get undressed and get up here!"
I stripped off and crawled over her, then kissed her mouth. My cock fell in between her legs, the tip tickling her entrance. We looked at each other. This could be it. I was nearly there anyway. What was stopping me?
I pressed down and applied a little pressure with my dick. She gasped and looked at me with wide, wild eyes. She nodded, and I knew what it meant. She wanted it, and it was OK. It was natural, it was healthy, it was beautiful. I kissed her again and thrust forward a little. The tip of my cock was nestled against her, trying to find a way inside. Jenny arched her back and spread her limbs in surrender.
"Is it really happening?" she asked me with sweet innocence.
"Do you want to, my love?" I asked her, just to make certain. I was going to deflower her now.
"Take me," she whispered luxuriously. "Make me a woman."
I slipped inside her an inch, being careful not to hurt her. This was something I actually hadn't considered in depth. She was this incredibly strong and confident lady, but still a virgin. I was a big boy and it might hurt her. I slipped in gently. I could feel her tense up and she grabbed my arms and back, her face clenched in concentration. I slipped in a little more and she gasped again, and her mouth went wide.
"Tell me if it hurts," I said, and she didn't respond, just nodded and held me tight, perhaps in a way to make sure I didn't stop. I very slowly and very gently started making love to her. She started making sweet little noises in time with my motion, and I couldn't tell if it was pleasure or pain, or a mix of both. I remained very gentle with her, holding her body as I took away her virginity.
Although I'd barely felt any sensation that could equal being inside this amazing young girl, I made sure I didn't lose control, and focused on her physical wellbeing. I slipped in further, but maintained a slow, gentle pace. I could feel her wetness, but still couldn't tell if she was OK.
I didn't want to break her spell or ruin the moment, but asked her if she was feeling alright. She opened her eyes for the first time since I'd entered her. "Yes, I.. I am. Please don't stop. Take me. Love me. I feel... good. Keep going and come in me, please..." she said, breathlessly, then shut her eyes again as I resumed making love to her.
I sped up a little, and penetrated her more deeply. She gasped again, and again, I felt her tense up and make some ambiguous sounds. I wanted to make her first time wonderful, so gave her all my love, all my tender care and all my passion. I held her body by cradling her behind her back, and used my free hand to explore her body. I touched her labia, her breasts, her neck.
I began to give it to her with more vigor, but wasn't rough at all. She started making noises again, and I felt the cum rise in my cock. "Should I come?" I asked her, approaching the point of no return. I could tell she wasn't going to come as well, but perhaps thought it was best to bring this to an end, in case she was suffering. It had been long enough for a first time.
"Yes, come, baby, come in me..." she answered.
I couldn't help myself and thrust into her. She squeaked as I went deep inside her; all the way in. I held her lovingly, and gave her a little soft fucking as my orgasm approached. "Look at me," I said, as I felt myself starting to come. Jenny opened her eyes and locked into my gaze. I gave her a few deep thrusts and then filled her sweet little box with my spunk. She smiled knowingly as I came, looking as if she'd got some power over me, which of course she did.
I slowed my pace, and pulled out halfway, gently. I gave her a little kiss, and watched her face as she lay there, with a look of serene beauty. She wasn't smiling from pleasure, I could tell, but of satisfaction, emotional release. I pulled out all the way, and lay down on top of her. This hadn't been a wild, sweaty, exhausting fuck session, it had been a rather sweet and kind moment, in order to get her through. I know first times can be difficult, so I made it as nice and gentle as possible, but still with passion. I was thankful at least, that I didn't see any blood on the bed, though there was a little on the tip of my member.
I shifted onto my back, and Jenny lay down next to me, cuddled up. I didn't want to pressure her, so just held her and let her process her new state of womanhood. After a minute or so, she spoke in a cute little voice. "Did Daddy enjoy fucking his little daughter's tight pussy?" she said, then laughed, and I couldn't help but laugh as well. "I'm sorry, babe," she continued. "I couldn't resist."
"You're entitled so say whatever you like, my dear," I told her. "Are you OK?"
"I feel aglow. How do you feel? Please don't feel guilty or..." she said, then stopped. I realized that if I went on about conflicting emotions that I might taint her first time with some unwanted shade.
"I feel wonderful, Jenny my love. Thank you for giving yourself to me."
"You could have had me at any point in the last two years or more. What changed?"
"I'm not sure. Maybe something you said at dinner with the girls. Plus, it's what people do when they're in love. I hope it was OK for you," I said.
"It was more than OK. You transformed me. Though I'll be honest with you, as I always am and always will be, it's the only time in my life I should imagine, that I felt your giant fucking cock might be too much."
"I'm sorry, love," I told her, and held her tight.
"You have nothing to be sorry for. You know me, I did hours of research on this, and was prepared for any eventuality, and it was a mix of several of them," she said enigmatically. I wasn't going to push it.
"You can tell me anything you want, or you can not tell me if you prefer," I said, trying to be supportive.
"I'll never lie to you, John," she said. "It did hurt. But after a few minutes or so, it was a good pain. And it felt like I was undergoing some kind of ritual in order to metamorphose. You changed me forever, as you have done so many times before. I can't wait to do it again, my love."
"I'll let you initiate," I told her.
"Actually, and this might sound strange, because I've been so assertive with you, but I'd rather you initiated, at least for now. I want you to want me. So, please, my love, take me whenever you want me. I mean it."
I understood, and told her I did. It was midnight, but I could go again in a short time. I wanted to make her feel desired, wanted, loved, which she was. I desired, wanted and loved her more than I had done any other person, and probably ever would. I shifted my body and moved her off me. "I'm going to the bathroom. Want some water or anything?" I asked her.
"Yes, please," she said, and I got out of bed, leaving my sweetheart to rest. She looked like she might fall asleep, and as always, I admired her beauty and smiled to myself. I left the room and freshened up in front of the mirror in the bathroom. I looked at myself. I didn't feel remorse, and I didn't feel like a terrible person. Jenny no longer felt like my stepdaughter, and she certainly wasn't the little girl I used to help with her homework or drive to ballet. However morally dubious it was, she was now my girlfriend, and it was my living situation that was going to have to change.
I took my time, and walked around the house a little. I stopped and looked at my records. They would be a bitch to move, but I was looking forward to making my new place a shrine to music. I stepped out onto the back porch again, and looked up at the stars for a few peaceful minutes, then went back inside to the kitchen, grabbed a couple of glasses of water and returned to my bedroom. Our bedroom.
Jenny had her eyes closed, but stirred and looked at me as I joined her in bed. She took a glass of water and drank. I lay down next to her and didn't pause. I kissed her and let my large hands roam all over her beautiful body. I put my hand on her ass, then placed it between her legs from behind and held her that way, like I would a bowling ball. My fingers were in her crack while my thumb fell perfectly on her perfect flower. I could feel her wetness and she moaned with pleasure.
I made some circles on her clit, but before I took her again, wanted to make sure she was completely ready, so traveled down and feasted on her divine pussy. Like turning on a switch, she was almost instantly in orgasmic mode as I toyed with her clit with my tongue, and could taste her sweet juices as they flowed. Her groans of appreciation heightened until a first wave of climax hit her. Normally I would continue, but this time stopped and climbed on top of her.
Without asking, I gently slipped my hard cock inside her perfect teen flesh, and began making tender love to her. I knew it's what she wanted and why. She wanted to feel desired and wanted me to take her without initiating, and it was a pleasure for me to do so. I was immediately taken to a place of paradisiacal sensation and heavenly delights; being with this girl was clearly going to be a highlight of my life. My girl responded like an engine, holding my thighs and guiding me as I fucked her sweetly. I kissed her and she joined me in a passionate kiss as our limbs intertwined and we became one. "John, yes," she whispered, and as I increased my pace and intensity, her gorgeous moans also increased, in pitch and volume.
I penetrated her deeply and her eyes went wide. "Oh my god," she said and it was like I'd turned on a light inside her. She responded with extraordinary zeal, so I kept on hitting that spot. I thought she had been enthusiastic when I'd eaten her pussy, but this was different. She started thrusting her hips in time with mine and her breathing deepened. She looked me in the eye with crazed intensity, and made sounds as if she were walking on hot coals.
I started fucking her properly for the first time, giving it to her hard and deep. Again, her cries of lust increased and she pushed her head back on the pillow and shifted her hands to hold on to the bars of the bed behind her. "Oh my fucking... fucking... jesus fuck oh my god oh..." she said in a frenzied way, and her orgasm hit as I plunged inside her. I'd never in all my years had a girl respond to me this way.
I began to feel my orgasm approach. Normally, I might slow down, pull out and change position, but seeing as this was only her second time, and her first vaginal-penetration orgasm, I continued giving it to her in missionary. I sped up and she was almost screaming as I came, deep inside her sacred temple of femininity. She continued squirming under me as her orgasm persisted, and I slowed down so we could float down from the clouds together.
This had been a fantastic, high energy and sweaty quickie fuck, and absolutely the best of my life so far, unquestionably. I knew though, that it was only just getting going with this girl. I pulled out and collapsed on top of her. We just lay there in each other's arms, damp with moisture and breathing hard. "I just touched heaven," Jenny said at last, seemingly in a daze. We both started to laugh, as if experiencing something completely new and undreamed of, which is exactly what had just happened.
"You are the most amazing person, Jenny," I told her.
"The only thing more amazing than you, John boy, is both of us together. How is what just happened even possible? It... I..." she started to say, then stopped and started to laugh again. I rolled off her.
"I need to smoke an entire pack of cigarettes right now. Like all at once," I said, cracking up.
"Your dick is like a magic wand and you just took me to fucking fairy land," she went on. "Oh my fucking god. You hit this spot in me, probably only possible because of your blessed size, and it was like a zillion volts of electricity passed through me. What the fuck."
"Yeah, it was pretty alright," I said and we laughed again.
"Did I do OK?" she asked. "Honestly, I have no idea how to fuck."
"Babe. That's not even a question. You're a natural. You don't need to perform. You are perfect," I told her.
"Thanks love. I don't want to disappoint you," she said.
"You? Never. Impossible. And me? Did I disappoint?" I asked.
Jenny laughed, and laughed. "What? Is that a serious fucking question? I started to hallucinate. I didn't think I could exceed the pleasure barrier that I'd felt when you ate my pussy, but you obliterated it. It was like seeing in color for the first time. Just... utterly inexplicable. But there is a problem, John."
"What's that, babe?"
"I'm gonna need it. Constantly. I'm gonna wear you out. I'm gonna want it five times a day, every day."
"You may need to start getting it from multiple sources, Jenny," I suggested.
"Ha! As if any other man could match you. When you've had the best, nothing else will do," she said. "And before you ask, I just know."
"You're probably right, actually," I said. "I'll do my best, Jennifer."
She smiled at me, and we cuddled up together. "So, I'm not a virgin anymore. That was unexpected," she said and giggled. "I feel so alive, so excited."
"This week is gonna be weird," I said. "I'm going to look at an apartment tomorrow, and if I like it, I'm putting a deposit down. Just a rental for now. Then, your mom comes home."
"I know. And the shit with... him. Jim. I can't even think about him as my dad. Then again, you aren't that anymore either."
"I'm sorry about that."
"Don't be. You raised me."
"Some would claim I groomed you, Jen,"
"Nah. If anything, I groomed you," she replied with a laugh. "I'm dreading seeing them, but I'll deal with it, as long as we stick together."
"I'm yours for however long you want me, Jenny. And no matter what, I'll always be someone you can turn to, even if we're not together. I'm bound to you that way, even when I split with your mom."
"You said 'when'."
"It's inevitable now. Your mom doesn't get anything out of this either, now that you're an adult. Your dad, I have no idea how he fits into all this or what he wants."
"I want nothing to do with him. He's nothing to me. And my mom, I don't know. She's not the best, but she's got some good points. But if it wasn't for you, I might as well be an orphan," she said.
"I'm so sorry, Jenny. Not for anything I did, but for your parents. I agree with you, they really didn't step up."
"And now they want to have a pow wow. Well, there's nothing they can say that will change my mind," she said, then looked at me. "If it comes to it, can I come and live with you?"
"Of course. Anything you need."
"When you move out, it'll be weird here on my own. Are you going to tell my mom this weekend?"
"Yes. Definitely. No matter what happens with your dad. I'm going to stay out of that situation, unless you want me there."
"I don't know. We'll see. My mom may have her faults, but she won't put me in physical danger. My main concern is how we're going to find ample opportunities for sex."
"We'll figure it out," I said with a laugh. "What do you think your mother would do if she found out about us?"
"Well, it turns out that what we've done may be illegal, I looked it up. So, no one can know until you're divorced. You never adopted me, so we'll be OK. I'll be more discreet around my friends from now on," she said. "I have no idea how my mom would react but she won't find out, don't worry. I won't play games."
I nodded, and felt myself drifting off to sleep. "I love it when you play games with me. You don't need to stop. But yes, let's be discreet. And you may need to keep your voice down, when I...um..."
"When you fuck me? Oh my god. That sounds so amazing."
With that, we fell asleep at last. The next day was Friday, and I went to put a deposit down on an apartment while Jenny was at school. She woke me up extra early to make sure she got fucked before school, and jumped on me when she got home. We went out to dinner, then we fucked in the car, and one more time later that night. That was four times in one day, certainly not a record for many people, but a record for me. And every one was a winner, with her coming deliciously and me exploding inside her as if it had been a week without sex. Our chemistry was amazing.
We lay in bed that night, having just fucked like animals. It was the first time I'd tried it with her in different positions and her response had been wonderful. Her sex life had had a memorable beginning. "I'm gonna take up smoking," I said, making the same joke as the day before.
"So, my mom is going to take up residence in this room tomorrow. I'll wash the sheets first thing, and make sure there's no evidence of my pussy in here," she said.
"I'll probably fake sickness or something, and sleep in the spare room. Until I drop the bomb on her."
"I know my mom, and I really doubt she'll freak out when you tell her you're moving out. My main worry at the moment is being able to shut up while you fuck me while she's sleeping in the other room. Maybe you can gag me?"
"Or we can sneak out and go to a motel or something," I suggested.
"That sounds wonderfully kinky. When can you move into your new place?"
"Not for ten days, a little after your mom leaves again."
"Pretty soon I'll be graduating high school," Jenny added. "Then summer, then college."
"I'm very proud of you, Jenny."
"I know. You've always made that very clear. It's why I want to get a job, go to college and actually be someone. I know I'm pretty. I could just be a socialite and fuck millionaires and never do anything, and maybe I would have done that if you hadn't given me so much confidence in my real self."
"I always knew you were different. Extraordinary. That you could be something special."
"And not just a manipulative little bitch who uses sex games to get her way?"
"I would never have said that, even if I did feel like your victim sometimes."
"I'm sorry, Daddy," she said with a giggle. "I just didn't know how to deal with my feelings for you. I was in love and sexually inexperienced and had no idea how to talk to you or anything."
"The whole 'Daddy' thing is never really going away, is it, love?" I asked her.
"It's a kink. I'll be reprising it from time to time, just between us of course."
"Does baby girl want to suck Daddy's cock one more time before bed?" I asked and she gave me a little smile.
___________
The next day, Jenny and I tidied up the house, removing any evidence of our affair, although we ended up having more sex afterwards. In the late afternoon, Katherine came home and was colder than usual. She gave me a curt hello, then her daughter a perfunctory hug, and went to lay down in the bed where I'd been fucking her daughter a few hours before. This was actually a relief, as I had dreaded her being too effusive and lovey. I left my wife a note and Jenny and I went out for coffee.
We sat outside at the café, and did some people watching.
"Daddy, which of the guys here would you like to watch fuck me the most?" she said, and I couldn't help but enjoy her as she slipped back into this teen vixen character, knowing full well that it was just a little game.
"That biker dude over there with the tattoos."
"Should we take him to a cheap motel and let him fuck me, Daddy?"
"Yes, we definitely should."
"And which girl here would Daddy most like to fuck?"
I pointed to her. "You."
"Daddy wants to fuck his little teeny tiny baby daughter?"
"I already have. Like ten times in the last two days," I said.
"Yes, that's true. It's been memorable," she said, reverting to her normal self, and taking a sip of coffee.
"Do you think your mom will be able to tell you're not a virgin?"
"Am I not a virgin, Daddy? Did Daddy fuck his little baby girl?" she replied, sucking her thumb. I just looked at her. "How could she? And anyway, even if I'm not a virgin anymore it doesn't mean you fucked me into womanhood. That's a big jump."
"Just try and rein in this little persona and we'll be OK."
"Are you saying I'm wild and out of control?"
"You have that tendency," I said. "But, no, not really. It's just an act."
"Oh, is it?" she said, and stood up. Jenny walked across the courtyard, by the table of the biker guy, smiled at him, then walked over to a Harley, parked nearby. She was too far away for me to hear, but I could see from her lips that she asked him, "Is this your bike?", while stroking the chrome engine. The guy looked around nervously then got up and walked over to her. They started having a conversation. She was laughing, and flirting, and he was going for it.
After a little while, she turned away and walked inside the coffee shop. Her poor victim stood there scratching himself, looking bewildered. It was a near certainty that for whoever Jenny ever spoke to, she was the most beautiful girl that had ever done so. A minute or so later, she reappeared and was talking on her phone. He said something quickly to the biker guy, then resumed her conversation. He got on his bike and rode away, then Jenny put her phone in her purse and sat back down with me.
She took another small sip of coffee, put on her sunglasses and looked off into the sky, basking in the sunshine and her own fabulousness.
'What did you do to that poor fellow?"
"What? Nothing," she replied, not looking at me.
"You talked to him, then he drove away."
"Oh that," she said. "Yeah, he wanted to take me on his bike to California," she said, and I couldn't help but laugh. This girl could practically do anything she wanted with almost no effort. "But something came up last minute so I couldn't make it," she added.
"I see. And you have no remorse or empathy in fucking with someone like that?" I said with mild irritation.
"He had one of those neo-nazi Punisher patches on, so from one sociopath to another, he was asking for it.
"Fair enough," I added. "You're not actually a sociopath though, only this Daddy-fixated minx roleplay thing you've got going on."
"Can we go, babe? I'm getting hot," she said. It was sweltering now. We got up to leave, and I started for home. "My mom will probably be up and about now, honey, and I need some cock."
I nearly crashed the car. "Wanna go to a motel or something?" I suggested.
"No. I'll just suck you off," she said, like it was perfectly natural. "Pull in here." It was a shady parking lot behind a strip mall, and relatively secluded. I drove in, found a spot and stopped the car. I turned to look at my girl.
"Jenny, we..." I started to say, but she just undid her seatbelt, leaned over, unzipped me, took out my dick and went down on me. I felt a rush of euphoria and gasped, as my baby moaned and groaned as she took me in her mouth. She was already an expert and I doubted I would last more than a minute or so. "Holy fuck," I said and grabbed her ass, and stroked her hair with my other hand.
I started to make hyperventilating sounds and it was obvious that I was near. A couple walked past the car and probably saw what was going on. "Babe..." I said, and Jenny nodded and moaned. I exploded in her mouth and she made a gorgeous squeaky sound as I did. She continued to suck me sweetly until I was dry, swallowed, then looked up at me. She sat up, exhaled, wiped her mouth, then gestured for me to drive on.
"Good boy," she said, and we both laughed.
"Thanks babe, that was fucking spectacular," I told her.
"I know," she replied with a sly smile, then looked out the window.
"Wanted to empty my tank before I got home? Thought I might be tempted by your mother?"
"Good point, but no, I just wanted to suck your dick, that's all."
"Well, I owe you an orgasm, my angel," I said.
"Yes you do. And a slow quiet fuck later tonight as well. Please and thank you."
"I'll check my schedule and see if that can be arranged," I replied.
We drove home, and I started to feel a little dread again. I had planned on waiting until tomorrow to talk to Katherine about separating, but wasn't sure if I should put it off. I'd see what the vibe was, and when we arrived, it was still a cool atmosphere. Jenny went straight to her bathroom where I heard her electric toothbrush starting up, which made me smile. Katherine was in the kitchen, so I joined her.
"John, we need to talk," she said, and looked at me. Did she know everything? I nodded and sat down. "This has run its course. I've quit my job and found a new position, where I'll be staying in one spot. I've been seeing Jim a little bit. I'm only saying this to you so coldly because I know you don't really care either."
"I found a new place and am moving in soon," I told her.
"Perfect," she said, stood up, shook my hand and left the house. I guess she didn't want to stick around to talk to her only daughter. This woman's parenting ability really did make me sick and I would be glad to see the back of her. Jenny reappeared and walked over to me.
"Where did my mom go?" she asked.
"She left. Holy fuck, Jen. I'm so sorry."
"Fuck her," she said, but there wasn't a trace of hurt in her voice. She was as over it as I was.
"We agreed to split. In a frankly bizarre thirty-second conversation. That's it."
"I wish we could move today. I want out of here as well."
"She said she'd been seeing your father again," I told her. Jenny laughed.
"Oh my fucking god. Gross. What the fuck is wrong with her?"
"It's not my problem now, but you still have to deal with them."
"Hardly. I feel completely removed from her, and he matters less than nothing. I have everything I want," she said and cuddled up to me with a kiss.
"You still have that dinner tomorrow," I told her.
"Maybe. If it's about them getting back together, and him wanting to be back in my life, then I'll probably skip it," she said and I just nodded.
"Whatever you want to do, you have my complete support."
"I've always had that. You've been the only one. But what I need right now is sex, so come on," she said, walked off, gesturing for me to follow. She started stripping on the way to the bedroom, a shirt here, a bra there, panties in the hall. I was too excited to care. I undressed as well and followed her. She lay down, and I jumped on the bed and kissed her between her legs.
"Oh my god. I'm instantly on fire for you!" she exclaimed as I played with her beautiful clit. It wasn't long before she started climaxing and wrapping her legs around me. I was hard and ready to go, so moved up over her and sunk my big cock inside her. "Oh oh oh oh!" she yelled as I fucked her.
We were deep in the middle of fucking doggie-style, when I heard the key in the front door, and before we could do anything, Katherine was marching down the hallway, and entered the room. Jenny collapsed under me and I turned to look at my wife. "You didn't wait long to start fucking other women," she said angrily, then added, "Seen Jenny?" and left the room.
"Nope," I called out and pulled out of her daughter's pussy. By some miracle, Jenny's face had been obscured, or her mother hadn't looked at her, and she hadn't noticed her clothes strewn in the hallway. I got up, put on my briefs, jogged out of the room and scooped up Jenny's clothes, as she hid under the duvet. I threw them in the bathroom and closed the bedroom door behind me.
I didn't actually care that I'd been caught in bed with another woman, and I'm sure Jenny cared even less, but we were actually in a risky situation. Until the divorce went through, what we were doing was illegal, as Jenny had pointed out. Katherine was in the kitchen, not looking happy. "Wanna introduce me to your new bitch, John? Or is she some hooker?"
"No, it's OK," I said, and looked down to see she had papers on the counter. I scanned them, and they were divorce papers. "Should I sign?" I asked and she just nodded, then went to the fridge and took a swig from an open bottle of white wine. I signed the papers, and waited for her to say something. She turned to me, grabbed the papers, and walked out. "Tell Jenny to text me," she said and left the house. I breathed a sigh of relief, in more ways than one.
"It's safe to come out," I called out after I saw her drive away, and Jenny appeared from our bedroom, still completely nude of course.
"Is she gone?" she asked.
"Yeah. She had divorce papers for me to sign. I guess she'd prepared them earlier," I said. I was feeling a little dazed by everything.
"How the fuck didn't she see that we were in bed together?"
"Your head was turned away. Your long hair. Your face was shoved into a pillow. I mean, I don't know. Thank god though. She's clearly not happy and it could turn nasty if she found out."
Jenny nodded, and I looked her over. She noticed and smiled. "The worst thing about all this is I was just about to come," she said, and we both laughed. She bent over, then got down on her knees, then on all fours. Her tits were flopping down and I licked my lips. She crawled over to me on all-fours, like a cat, looking up at me. "Would Daddy please finish fucking his little girl from behind now?" she said, and of course I obliged.
________
The next day was a Sunday, and Jenny was going off to meet her mother and father for some kind of family meeting, although I had to talk her into it. While she was away, I thought I would begin the laborious task of packing all my stuff. I had a thousand albums and nearly as many books. I didn't care so much about clothes and things, and absolutely nothing about normal house things. After boxing up the albums in one giant cardboard igloo in the living room, I got bored and went for a walk. I didn't know when Jenny would be home.
Jenny and I had agreed that she'd shoot me a text if she needed me, but so far I hadn't heard from her. I wandered around, grabbed a decaf, read a magazine, then came home. When I got back, I saw Jim's dickhead car outside, as well as Jenny's. I went inside and Jim and Katherine were in the kitchen, but Jenny was nowhere to be seen.
I called out, and Jenny reappeared, looking surly. She gestured for me to come towards her and I did. She whispered in my ear. "Holy fuck, that was torture. They're getting back together, and Jim is moving back in after you move out. They want to be a cute little happy family, but my mother is delusional. He's a total fucking creep. He slapped my ass and made all these gross jokes."
"Well, I slapped your ass too..."
"Shut up John, it's not the same," Jenny went on, whispering. There's no fucking way I'm staying in this house. I'm sorry to tell you this, but I told them I had a boyfriend and was going to move in with him."
"No, no, I get it. And it's fine. You can live with me for as long as you want, even if we're not together," I said hurriedly.
"Again, my sweet love, shut up," Jenny said, and hugged me. "Thank you so much."
"Now we just need to get through the week."
"Can we go out?"
"Would that be suspicious?" I asked her. I didn't want to appear too close, like a couple. "I think I ought to go into the kitchen. There's no point in me being a child and avoiding them. You can hide if you want, or you can come too," I told her. I walked into the kitchen and Jenny followed me. She went to the fridge, poured out two glasses of wine, handed me one and took a swig.
"My mother and my biological father are getting back together again," she said, as if I didn't know.
"I gather. Wonderful news," I said.
"You two really deserve each other," Jenny said, and I couldn't help but smile at her acerbic wit. I held in a laugh. "I'm sure you'll absolutely be as happy as you both deserve," she went on, rather brilliantly. These less than subtle barbs were apparently lost on Jim, who appeared to still be the red faced, coked up moron he'd always been. Katherine just seemed tired and angry, and I felt a little sorry for her.
"That's right, baby. Come give papa a hug," Jim said. He appeared drunk, and a total disaster.
"Touch me and I'll knee you in the balls," Jenny said, grabbed the bottle of wine and moved over close to me. I cracked up laughing, I couldn't help myself. Katherine looked at me.
"Katherine," I said. "I know we're splitting up, which is for the best, but what the fuck are you doing?"
"Seriously, Mom. Do you hate yourself this much that you'd get back with this loser?" Jenny asked, rather cruelly.
"He's also your father," Katherine replied haughtily. Jenny laughed. A lot.
"Just because this idiot donated some sperm to your uterus, doesn't make him my father," Jenny replied, and I continued to crack up.
"Well, John isn't your father either," Katherine said, which I thought was vicious, but I looked at Jenny and she didn't look too bothered.
"Mother," Jenny began. "Despite all your parental failures, I do actually love you, but John has been my only real support, at least for the last ten years. Most of my life." Jim wandered around, mumbling, and Katherine just stood there, looking sad. "I'm an adult now, and I don't need parents. I'm moving out soon, and it would be nice to see you once in a while. Without this monumental cretin on your arm."
Wow. Jenny was on good form. How did she even know the word 'cretin'? I marveled at her, with pride. I held back another laugh, but still felt sorry for her mother. A little. But she'd really been a shit to Jenny in the last few years or more, and deserved it. Katherine looked at Jim, said, "let's go," and they split. Katherine was going down some dark road, and Jenny was clearly the mature one of the pair. She moved over to hug me, and I shook my head at what had just happened.
"And the mother of the year award goes to..." Jenny said, and I could tell she was a little upset. I held her tight. She looked up at me. "I see you packed up your records."
"Yes, I did," I replied, and gave my girl a romantic twirl. "I need more boxes for the books, and a few other things."
"I'll help you when I'm not at school. I assume my mom won't come around much."
"I told her my move out date and we agreed she'd stay somewhere else until then," I answered. "Don't worry, it won't last between them. Katherine will sober up, Jim will get into debt again and she'll kick him out. She'll be OK."
"Stepfather, take me to bed," Jenny said with a smile, clearly finished with this conversation. I picked her up and carried her through the house, then lay her down in our bed. For the first time since Jenny was trying to seduce me, I locked the door behind us.
_________
That week I started packing up my possessions and slowly moving them into temporary storage, then hung out with Jenny in the evenings, though with caution. Now that she was sexually active, and it hadn't been long, she was just wild for it, and insisted she get fucked before school everyday, and as soon as she got home. It was a privilege and a heavenly treat to accommodate her wishes and needs, and I'd never been happier in my life.
Jenny packed some things as well, and when the day came, we started moving our belongings into my new place. Our new place. I still needed to buy a bed and some furniture, but we weren't too concerned. The record player got set up, and I'd grabbed a mattress, some chairs, and a few basic necessities at least. Naturally, Jenny wanted to christen the new place with some cowgirl, in what I hoped would be the first of many, many such sessions.
One evening after a particularly vigorous and sweaty bout of lovemaking, we were lying on the floor of our new place, staring at the ceiling, holding hands. "You have ruined me for all other men," she said.
"How would you know? You have nothing to compare me to" I said, mischievously.
"A girl just knows. You're my first and best. Maybe my only," she said, which sounded like a proposal, but I knew she was too young and in love to know better. "I start work on Monday," she added. She hadn't graduated High School yet, but it was only a few weeks away, then she'd be taking a further step to adulthood.
"You'll be great," I told her, and meant it. I wasn't going to tell her that every guy in the office would immediately fall in love with her, though.
"Thanks, babe. You have always built up my confidence and helped me. I feel completely at ease, going in there, knowing I will do well," she said. She truly was remarkable. She had decided her major was going to be in Biochemistry, not something a flake would pursue. She wanted to be a success, certainly beyond anything her mother or I had achieved.
"You know, hon. You'll meet a lot of guys now. At work and in college. Smart guys, nice guys, bad boys, handsome guys, and you're going to want to explore," I said, then felt a tinge of sadness with the knowledge that this would one day inevitably end.
"Why would I want anyone else?" she asked. "And anyway, I'm in love with you, and that's not how it works. Not with me anyway."
"I'm just saying, you're not bound to me. You are free," I said.
"Well, you're not," she replied. "You're stuck with me and I'm your one and only."
We both laughed, and I wasn't going to push it. She could do whatever she wanted, and I would just deal with it as it came.
The summer of Jennifer came and went, and by the time she started college, we were as much in love and hungry for each other as ever. I wasn't tempted by any other women, and although I never asked, there was no indication that she was ever with anyone else either. My divorce went through, and Jenny felt, cautiously at least, that we could be more open about our affair, provided we said it had just begun.
As predicted, it didn't last between Katherine and Jim, and he was again in the wind. Jenny could now begin to reconcile with her mother, but knew she would never accept our affair, so didn't say anything. Soon enough, I bought my own place, and with a promotion at work, everything seemed to be on the right track.
Jenny now lived with me full time, and insisted on paying a part of my mortgage, despite my joking that she could pay her rent in oral sex. "No, that's all part of the live-in girlfriend service, deluxe package," she had said, and life was never dull with her around. No matter what happened next, I could be happy that I had her in my life, as her boyfriend, or as a father figure, either would be my privilege.
__________
It was summer again, and Jenny was enjoying some time off after her first year of college. It was Friday afternoon, and she'd asked me to meet her at a café downtown, so I dutifully went there, arriving a little early as usual. I was surprised to see Jenny was already there, and talking to some dude in a suit. She was standing at his table, dressed in a short skirt and tiny t-shirt, looking like a slutty dream. This guy was heavy set, balding, and looking sweaty.
I stood and watched from afar. She asked him something, and he gestured for her to sit, then got up and walked inside. A few minutes later, he returned with what looked like a cappuccino, and placed it down in front of her. She drank a little and looked around. This was my cue.
I approached the table, and Jenny looked at me. "Phil, this is Daddy. Daddy, this is Phil," she said, and I shook my head a little, wondering what the hell she was up to now. "Phil and I were planning something together," she added, and I looked at him. Phil started to look even more uncomfortable.
"Well, I, we, er..." he started to say.
"Phil told me he wants to fuck me," Jenny said softly. "Isn't that right Phil?"
Phil blushed bright red. "Well you, er... you said..." he went on sputtering.
"If you still want to, Phil, I don't mind, but Daddy will have to come along as well, and watch, to make sure I'm OK."
Phil turned a deeper shade of purple and started sweating profusely. He looked at me.
"Now, now, dear." I butted in. "Shouldn't you be in school?"
"But Daddy!" she said, in mock-petulance.
"But nothing. I told you you have to go to school if you want that Nintendo for your fifteenth birthday," I said.
Phil went from Purple to white. "Fift....?"
"Would you have asked for my I.D., Phil?"
"This is way too weird, I'm outta here," the poor guy said, and got up and stumbled out of there like a total mess. I just looked at Jenny, who appeared unmoved. I raised an eyebrow questioningly.
"What? He was an investment banker, he was asking for it," she said, and I laughed out loud, heartily. This amazing girl would never ever let my life be boring. She sat back and relaxed in serene repose, and drank her free cappuccino.
The End.
_________
I hope you enjoyed this series! If you did, please consider leaving five stars and a comment :)