When we got back to the apartment Carol told me that she regularly has sex with several other men that I don't know. I found it thrilling and depressing. She told me that Jake was coming over tonight. Carol had named her black dildo Jake. She wanted me to pick out her lingerie.
She said, "Jake likes it to be slutty"
I found it exciting to be picking out her lingerie. I also found it humiliating to be picking out her lingerie for another man. I picked out a tiny black thong and black shelf bra. At work she came by my cubicle a few times to flash the black thong. During the day I saw her flirting with Ralph, but she didn't go into his office for her usual spanking and fucking.
The day dragged on with my mind in it's usual turmoil. I was fully under her sexual spell. Near the end of the day she came by to remind me to keep my phone fully charged. She wanted pictures of her having sex with Jake.
When we got back to the apartment, Carol said, "I love you taking pictures of me having sex. Jake really knows how to fuck me. I cum and cum and cum."
Carol disappeared into her bedroom. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door and Carol walked out of the bedroom wearing just the thong. I heard them kissing and when I looked Jake was a good looking young black guy.
Jake said to Carol, "Well it's been a long time. Your outfit brings back some great memories. This will be our last time together. I'm getting married."
Carol introduced us, "Dick this is Jake, Jake Dick."
Jake and I looked at each warily then shook hands and said hello. Jake was tall and thin with broad shoulders. My mind was racing.
Carol said, "We know what we're here for"
Carol was all over Jake. Carol's face was bright red, her nipples pointing like erasers and her talk disjointed. She stood up and said let's take this to the bedroom. She walked ahead of us her ass swaying, the thong disappearing into her cheeks.
She said, "Dick sit in the chair while Jake and I get reacquainted.
I set my phone to camera mode. I hoped my role wasn't just to be cameraman.
Carol said, "Both of you get naked."
She put her arms around Jake's neck and gave him a hot tongue lashing kiss. They both moaned. I was mesmerized by Jake's black skin contrasted with Carol's pale white skin. Jake stood back and ripped her thong off. She was a vision of pure sex. She ran her hands over Jake's chest and down to his hard cock. Picture. Jake was softly moaning.
He started fingering her cunt. She stood there thrusting her hips at his fingers. Picture. I was breathing hard and fondling my growing cock. I couldn't stay in the chair. I stood behind her, my cock nestled in her ass cheeks, and reached around and started caressing her tits. She moaned. Jake and I were four hands caressing her body. Jake leaned down and took one tit in his mouth. I sucked the other.
Carol groaned, "Let's get on the bed."
We got on the bed with Carol in the middle. Jake started sucking a tit and I took the other tit into my mouth. We were awkward at first. I'd go to kiss Carol and Jake was there. I go to finger fuck her and Jake,s fingers were already in her cunt. My heart was beating wildly. My mind was in turmoil. My cock was rock hard. Jake's cock was rock hard.
Carol got us into a rhythm. First she would kiss me while gripping Jake's cock, then she would kiss Jake while gripping my cock. Jake started finger fucking Carol and I could hear her wetness and smell her sex. He brought his sex smelling fingers to his mouth and sucked them. Carol bent down and sucked Jake's cock into her mouth. She groaned. As she was bent over sucking Jake I started to lick her cunt and ass. Her cunt was dripping, cunt lips pouting, clit erect like our cocks.
Jake pulled Carol to him and I was frozen for a moment, then I rolled over and rubbed my cock between her ass cheeks and started kissing her neck and shoulders.
Carol kept groaning as both of us sexed her. Jake pulled Carol to her hands and knees. I was barely breathing. I wanted Jake to fuck Carol. I wanted Carol all to myself.
Jake rubbed his cock on her dripping cunt. He was lingering in the exquisite moment before he plunged into Carol. Carol pushed back and drove Jake's cock deep into her.
She moaned, "Jake, Jake, fuck meeee."
I could see Carol in the throes of passion as Jake fucked her. I couldn't stand just looking, I couldn't stop watching. I watched Jake's black cock shining with Carol's juices plunge deeply into her cunt. Her clit was engorged like a cock. Carol groaned loudly.
I could see the veins in his cock pulsing and his balls swaying. Carol bent down and took my cock in her mouth and started sucking it. We were a tableau of total sex. Jake fucked Carol and Carol sucked my cock. It was erotic paradise.
I put my hands on Carol's face and pulled her in for a deep twirling kiss. We kept kissing and moaning into each other's mouths as Jake kept fucking her. Carol licked my ear and whispered, "I love Jake's cock. I love fucking Jake. I love the way Jake makes me cum."
Carol's face was a picture of erotic joy. Her eyes were hooded, her lips almost drooling, her face flushed deep red. She pulled me in for another kiss. I bit her lip and she groaned, "Jake, Jake." It was a surreal feeling, kissing Carol while she whispered to me, while Jake kept fucking her.
I looked up and saw Jake's face set in a picture of utter concentration and lust. He grabbed Carol's ass and drove his cock deeply into her cunt. His balls slapped against her clit with every thrust.
Carol pulled me in for another fevered kiss. She she moaned into my mouth and whispered, "I love Jake's cock in me, fucking me."
I was going mad with lust. I was going mad with jealousy. I was going mad in this sexual moment. We were all immersed in the sexuality of the moment.
Carol looked in my eyes and we were locked into each other while Jake pounded his cock into her. Neither of us were breaking the stare.
She whispered, "Watch him fuck me Oh god it's so good."
Jake spun Carol around so that she was on her back and he plunged back into her cunt.
Carol looked up at me with unseeing eyes. I knelt down and started sucking her tits while Jake kept pounding his cock into her. She pulled me up for another steamy kiss then whispers, "See me open my cunt to his big cock?" We groan into each other's mouths. Jake has his eyes closed and his hands clutching Carol's ass.
The three of us in our own world of lewd sex. I wanted this moment to last forever. Jake pulled Carol up so she was against his chest and Carol reached back and pulled Jake into a moaning kiss. I keep that picture in my memory as the hottest thing I have ever seen. I reached over to Carol's fully exposed body and began caressing her tits, stomach cunt
She pulled away from her kiss with Jake and moaned loudly, "Oh yeahhhh, Oh fuck, Oh yeah, Oh yeah, Oh yeah". Her whole body trembled with an uncontrollable orgasm. Her cunt was squirting copious amounts of juices, dripping down Jake's cock. That set Jake off and his cock started jerking, veins pulsing ball up tight gushing cum deep into Carol.
Carol kept trembling through her orgasm. Jake flopped on the bed catching his breath while his cock still jerked his cum dribbling onto the bed. I pulled Carol to me and held her tightly.