Ch. 08: Tricks & Games
"... do you want me to let him know you're here?"
"What? Oh, I'm sorry..." replied Andrea, coming out of a daze and looking into Natalie's round, blue eyes.
She was at the reception of Dean's office again, and had become distracted by Nat's tight, low-cut top, her eyes dropping unintentionally to the magnificent, large, soft bulges of the bosom so openly displayed before her.
She blinked rapidly and smiled at Nat.
"No, that's fine hun, I'll just pop in and surprise him. Thanks," she finished, turning to make her way down the hall to Dean's office.
It was the Monday following her date with Dean's coworker Jason, and she was eager to talk to Dean about it, since she had invited him to watch as Jay fucked her on her couch. She had loved watching Dean watch her from the hallway, holding her panties to his nose and mouth as he stroked his big cock. She had taken her exhibitionism to the next level, and knew that it must have driven Dean crazy to watch his friend and colleague have sex with her--something he undoubtedly craved. Someone she had only really just met got to have his cock inside her tight pussy even before Dean, with whom she had been playing this sexual game of cat-and-mouse for weeks.
She smiled to herself as she approached Dean's office, seeing the door open a crack. She was going to let herself in, but heard voices coming from inside. She hesitated, looking around to see if anyone was watching, then leaned in close, pushing the door open a few inches to peek inside.
"You should have seen what she was wearing! This tight, extremely short dress, cut like this in the front."
It was Jay's voice, and Andrea saw him sitting on the couch in Dean's office, gesturing with his index fingers as they made a long 'v' shape on his torso.
"She wasn't wearing a bra, either. With her cute little perky tits, she doesn't need one. She was being such a tease. Showing off her body, bending over to show me her ass. I was so horny when we got to her place," continued Jason.
Dean was sitting behind his desk, just out of Andrea's view. She heard him speak.
"Yeah, I can imagine."
His voice sounded strained, betraying some irritability. Andrea's grin widened. He was jealous.
"No man, you can't imagine. That's why I'm telling you," laughed Jay. "Seriously, she looked incredible. Anyway, she invited me in to her place, and almost straight away we were making out on the couch. I had a raging hard on by this point, and my hands were all over her. She begged me to suck on her tits while she rubbed my cock through my pants."
"Jay, you really don't need to--" Dean began, sounding uncomfortable.
"--then she stood up and bent over in front of me, stripping her panties off. Her ass is so perfect, Dean. I mean, you already know that, but..." continued Jay, ignoring Dean's protest.
"Anyway, I licked her pussy from behind as she was bent over. Fuck, it was unbelievable. Then we 69'd. She gives really good head."
"Look, Jay, that's nice for you, but--"
"--no no, let me finish. Then she got up and rode me, like reverse cowgirl. And I have to tell you, she has the tightest pussy..." he trailed off, lost in the memory.
"It was so tight that I couldn't last long, you know? And this is the best part: she wanted me to cum in her mouth!" exclaimed Jay excitedly, probably much too loud for an office setting.
"Shhh!" hissed Dean.
"Sorry," chuckled Jay. "But it was so hot. I jerked off into her mouth and on her face. She loved it! She swallowed it all and cleaned my cock with her mouth after I'd finished. It was incredible," he sighed, again reflecting on his erotic date.
"Well... I guess you hit the jackpot, hmm?" Dean intoned darkly.
Jay looked in Dean's direction.
"Hey, I asked you if you guys were involved. I asked her too. You said no, she said no. I don't want to piss you off--"
Dean cut him off by laughing awkwardly.
"No, no, seriously, it's ok. I'm probably just envious since I'm having a bit of a dry spell myself," he said.
Sensing the conversation was approaching an end, Andrea knocked on the door.
Dean cleared his throat.
"Yes, come in."
Andrea pushed the door open and stepped inside Dean's office, smiling brightly at the two men.
"Hiya! Just thought I'd pop by to say hello. Oh, hi Jay!" she said cheerfully.
Both men stood, and Jay beamed at her.
"Hi Andrea. Hey, I was just telling Dean what a great time I had on our date the other night," he said.
"Oh, how nice. I enjoyed myself too, Jay," she replied, winking pointedly at him.
He fidgeted uncomfortably for a moment.
"I just need to have a quick chat with Dean for a sec, but I'll come by your office after I'm done, ok Jay?" Andrea said.
"Yeah, of course," he replied, approaching her but hesitating, seeming unsure what to do.
Andrea put her arm around his neck and pressed her body against his, kissing him aggressively on the mouth. After they parted, Jay blinked stupidly, then opened and closed his mouth, then promptly left the office. Andrea giggled and shut the door behind him, then took his place on the couch, crossing her legs in her light blue skirt and putting her hands flat on the seat on either side of her. She made sure to flash Dean a glimpse of her white cotton panties as she sat.
Dean folded his arms across his chest.
"Happy?" he said.
"What do you mean?" she asked in mock innocence.
He snorted and turned his head disdainfully.
Andrea laughed.
"Ooooh... is someone jealous?" she teased.
Dean paused and looked at her with a stormy brow.
"What do you think?" he said.
"Hey, at least I let you watch," replied Andrea smugly. "And you loved it. Watching him lick my pussy, watching me suck his cock... riding it... I saw your expression when he came in my mouth. I bet you made a nice, big, sticky mess in my panties, didn't you?"
As she spoke, she felt a warm tingling in her groin recalling Dean's dim shape in her hallway, pumping his cum into her balled panties in his hand as she swallowed Jay's hot load, and cleaned his dripping cock with her tongue. It excited her to know that Dean had taken her cum-covered panties home with him, like a souvenir.
Dean's expression softened, and a slow smile spread across his face.
"It was very hot watching you, I admit," he said, rubbing his chin. "And you can have your panties back after I wash them," he chuckled.
She giggled and stood up, sauntering slowly over to his desk. She stood in front of him as he swiveled his chair to face her, and carefully inched up her skirt.
"You dirty man... jerking off while you watch your friend fuck me," she said softly as she exposed more and more of her thighs. "I bet you wish it could have been you."
Dean's eyes ran up and down her body, then fixated on the hem of her skirt as it rose higher.
"You heard him say how tight my pussy was. Imagine how tight it would feel on your big cock," she continued. "You're much bigger than he is. You'd stretch my pussy so good."
He leaned forward and touched the outside of Andrea's left thigh. She exposed the crotch of her panties to him, giggling at the desire in his expression. He stroked her thigh, moving his hand back and under her skirt to squeeze her ass and pull her closer to him. He leaned closer as she lifted the front of her skirt, showing him her panties. He licked his lips.
"How badly do you want to fuck me?" she whispered.
"Oh Andrea, I want that so badly," he groaned.
His other hand stroked up the inside of her thighs, making a line toward her pussy. She quickly stepped back and pulled her skirt down, laughing.
"Sorry, honey, you'll have to wait a little longer," she said, teasing him mercilessly.
His face fell and he frowned. Turning abruptly back to his desk, he looked at his computer screen, avoiding her gaze.
"What did you come here for, anyway?" he said, sulkily.
"Oh, just to see you... and Jay. I'll stop by his office on the way out. Enjoy the rest of your day, sweetie," she said as she picked up her handbag and opened his door.
He looked at her briefly, but made no reply as she left. She giggled again, but was a little worried that she was going too far. She didn't want to tease him to the point that she scared him away. After all, she genuinely enjoyed the little game they had going between them. And she was lying to herself if she thought she didn't actually want to fuck him. But she loved being watched, and for now that was enough. After all, now she could satisfy herself by fucking Jay, even if his cock was no match for Dean's.
She had worked herself up in Dean's office, and sensing the dampness between her legs, decided that she might have to let Jay fuck her to relieve the sexual tension. But as she passed Natalie's desk again, Nat gestured to her.
"Oh, Andrea, Jay wanted me to tell you that he had a meeting to go to, but he says he'll give you a call later on." Her tone was colder than normal.
Disappointed, Andrea debated returning to Dean's office, but she was unwilling to give him the satisfaction. Besides, she wanted him to stew in his jealousy a little longer. It was a nice feeling to be wanted by him.
"Oh. That's too bad. Ok, thanks Nat," replied Andrea, making to leave.
"Are you two, like... dating?" asked Nat hesitantly.
Andrea stopped and turned to Nat.
"We went on a date on the weekend. Why?"
"No reason, I was just wondering, since he was asking about you."
Andrea looked at Natalie closely, and grinned as the reason for Nat's curiosity dawned on her. She put her hands on Nat's desk and leaned over it, pushing her small breasts together with her arms, creating cleavage which showed over the neckline of her tank top.
"Oh my god... you're not jealous too, are you?" she asked with a saucy grin.
"What? No! Wait... what do you mean "too"?" Nat responded, clearly flustered, her cheeks becoming rosy.
"Yes you are. You and Dean are jealous that I fucked Jay. Oh wow... I guess you really did have fun that day at my place," Andrea taunted her.
"Shhh!" Nat hissed, "do you want the whole office to hear?"
Natalie pushed a lock of hair behind her ear and took a deep breath, trying to regain her composure. Her tits swelled erotically in her top.
"It's fine, you're free to do what you want. Go have sex with every guy in the office for all I care."
"Well, not EVERY guy... I haven't fucked Dean yet," Andrea retorted, then leaned in close to Natalie's face.
"Maybe I will, though. Maybe I'll invite him over one day and fuck his brains out in my backyard. I mean, you've seen his cock. I've already sucked it, but I bet it would feel so good deep inside my pussy."
Andrea said the last four words softly and slowly, drawing out each word sensuously. Nat's face became redder and redder as Andrea talked, and for a moment she thought that Nat was either going to kiss her or slap her. She knew very well that Natalie was attracted to Dean, but her marriage prevented her from acting on it.
A muscle twitched in Nat's jaw for a moment, then she took another deep breath and seemed to calm herself. Andrea straightened up and winked at Natalie.
"I'll see you soon, hun," she said innocently, and turned to go.
She left the office with a self-satisfied air, feeling hornier than ever, thinking of what toy she might use when she got home.
********************
The frequency of Andrea's visits was higher than average that week. She made a point to stop in every day--sometimes more than once in a day--to visit Jason, mostly to make Nat and Dean jealous. However, she found that on most occasions Dean and Nat were occupied, or away from their desks. She spent time with Jay, having lunch, chatting in his office, teasing him, naturally, but felt no strong desire to become intimate with him unless she knew that Dean or Natalie were aware of it.
On one afternoon late in the week, Andrea dropped by Dean's office, noticing that Natalie was away from her desk. She walked purposefully to Dean's office and opened the door, walking in without knocking.
She saw Dean sitting at his desk, with Nat sitting in an office chair next to him. They were looking at his computer screen intently, and both of them jumped slightly as Andrea barged in. Dean clicked the mouse and looked up.
"Oh, hi Andrea," he said, smiling casually.
Natalie did not seem so casual. She was leaning in close to Dean in order to see his computer monitor, but appeared to be sitting closer to him than was necessary. As Andrea approached she saw that their knees were touching and Dean had his hand resting on Nat's upper thigh. Nat was wearing a tight, white silky blouse unbuttoned low, as usual, her succulent cleavage on display, and a pencil skirt. Her nipples protruded obviously from the large, round orbs straining beneath the silky fabric of her top. Dean moved his hand quickly away from Nat's leg as Nat looked up at her, her face blushing brightly. Andrea thought she could see a long, cylindrical bulge in Dean's trousers.
"Hey, what are you guys up to?" Andrea asked, trying to sound nonplussed.
Nat looked away from Andrea and tucked a lock of her blonde hair behind her ear. Dean played it cool.
"Cat videos. You start by watching just one, and the next thing you know 2 hours have passed," he chuckled.
Andrea smiled, but it was forced.
"Anything I can help you with?" Dean asked her, a pleasant smile still on his lips.
Andrea hopped up on the edge of Dean's large desk and crossed her legs, leaning back on her hands and sticking her chest out. She wore a tight t-shirt with a scoop neck and a push-up bra, but today her bust felt inadequate when contrasted with Natalie's impressive tits.
"I'm just coming by to say hello, have a chat, maybe grab a coffee somewhere..." she said, dangling her high heel as it perched on her toe.
Natalie looked uncomfortable and made to get up from her chair.
"I should get back to my desk," she muttered.
Dean's hand shot out and touched Natalie's shoulder, forcing her back down into the chair.
"No, Nat. I need to work with you for a bit. Sorry, Andrea, the coffee will have to wait," he added.
Nat looked at Dean uncertainly, then slowly shifted her gaze to Andrea. If Andrea wasn't mistaken, she thought she sensed a vague gloating in Nat's eyes. Her cheeks flushed and she felt a rush of anger.
"Oh. Right. Well, that's fine. I'll just find Jay then and go somewhere with him," Andrea said coolly.
She was surprised at her own anger. All this week she felt like she'd had the upper hand, and now it was her feeling pangs of jealousy. What had happened? she wondered. She looked at Natalie again, who seemed distinctly uncomfortable.
Suddenly, it hit her. What if Dean had told Nat about watching them in Andrea's back yard? What if he was trying to get back at her for sleeping with Jay? Was he blackmailing Natalie? These scenarios seemed unlikely to Andrea, but judging by Nat's behaviour, she couldn't shake a feeling of suspicion and uneasiness.
"Sure. Knock yourself out," said Dean. His hand was still on Nat's shoulder, holding her in place.
Andrea narrowed her eyes at Dean, then frowned and turned to leave. She had to find out what was going on, she decided. She left Dean's office, closing the door behind her, and made her way to Jay's office. He was out at a meeting for the moment, but Andrea waited there until Natalie finally emerged from Dean's office. She moved quickly to intercept Nat on the way back to her desk, and pulled her into an unoccupied meeting room.
"Hey! What are you doing?" protested Nat.
Andrea eyed her sternly, but with concern.
"What's going on with you and Dean? You were acting really weird in there."
"What? N-nothing. We were just working, that's all."
Natalie couldn't look Andrea in the eyes.
"Nat, I know you're lying. What happened? You can tell me, I'm your friend. Please..."
Nat shifted uncomfortably and crossed her arms, looking behind Andrea into the office to make sure no one was watching. She looked back at Andrea, furrowing her brow.
"It was him. It was him watching us that day and you knew it!" she hissed.
Andrea felt the blood drain from her face. She couldn't believe that Dean had told Natalie their secret. She tried to play dumb.
"What? What do you mean? I don't know what you're--"
"--You know exactly what I'm talking about. Us. In your back yard. He was the neighbour that was watching. He filmed us, Andrea!"
"Oh god... Nat, I'm so sorry. I had no idea he would film it. Look, I knew he lived there, but I didn't know he was watching until I saw him. Please believe me... I'm sorry I didn't tell you, but I was having fun with you... it was exciting..." pleaded Andrea.
She didn't know how much Dean had told her, but tried to save a little face.
Nat sighed and looked away, clearly annoyed and anxious. Andrea felt relief--Nat's silence meant that Dean hadn't told her that she had set everything up.
"He hasn't... um, shown anyone the video, has he?" asked Andrea.
"He says he hasn't. But, oh my god... if my husband finds out..." Nat trailed off.
Andrea saw tears in her eyes.
"He won't. I'll talk to Dean, ok? I'll fix this, I promise. Leave it to me."
"It won't work. Please, just... don't do anything. I don't want you to make this worse than it already is. Dean... he promised not to show anyone, but... he asked me to come to his house on Saturday. He didn't say why, but I think I know. It's fine... we'll work something out. But I want you to stay out of this. He even told me not to talk to you about it. Promise me you won't do anything." Natalie was stern, but Andrea could hear the helplessness in her voice.
"No, Nat... please, I can do something, I'll talk to him--"
"--No. Don't. Promise me."
Andrea sighed and rubbed her brow.
"Ok, Nat. I promise. I am so, so sorry..."
She reached out to try to hug Natalie, but Nat broke away and stormed out of the meeting room and back to her desk. Andrea sighed again and clenched her fists. She felt terrible. But she still couldn't work out why Dean had told her. She knew he wasn't really a bad guy. Definitely not the kind of guy to blackmail a married coworker into having sex with him. Or was he? Andrea felt confused, and contrite, and frustrated. How had things got so out of control?
She debated going to talk to Dean, but fought off the urge. Nat was right: she had done enough damage. As Andrea slunk out of the building, she decided she would at least check up on Dean on Saturday. Maybe she could somehow make amends. Make things right. She knew she had to do something.
************************
Chewing her nail, Andrea sat anxiously at her desk in her bedroom, her eyes scanning Dean's windows. It had been a stressful end to the week, and Andrea had made herself scarce to both Natalie and Dean. She felt guilty and worried, but had decided to wait until the weekend before speaking to either of them. Now it was Saturday night, and she had been doing reconnaissance on Dean's house since early afternoon. She had seen him moving about here and there, but had lost track of him over the past hour. She had debated calling Nat, or Dean, or both, and trying to sort the situation out, but she kept telling herself not to interfere. Now, however, the stress was becoming intolerable.
It was only a couple hours earlier when she had seen that Natalie had arrived at Dean's. She noticed some movement in his kitchen, and had seen him pouring drinks. The two of them talked for a little while in the kitchen, then she saw Dean lead Nat down the hall. That was the last she had seen of them. She assumed they had gone to sit in the lounge room at the front of Dean's house, but that's where the clues ended. For all she knew, they might have left the house entirely. The growing swell of curiosity was becoming too much to bear.
Just as Andrea made up her mind that she was going to act, she noticed a faint light go on in the upstairs windows. It must have been the upstairs hall light. She had already turned her bedroom light off long ago, so they would not be able to see her watching. She stood and approached her window nervously as she saw Dean's bedroom light go on. His blinds were open and she had a clear view of his entire room.
Dean walked around his bed and sat on the edge, guiding Natalie by her hand and sitting her down next to him. Andrea noticed that Nat was carrying a shopping bag with her, which she set down in front of her. Dean was leaning close and talking into her ear. Nat had her head down, and Andrea couldn't make out Nat's expression, but she sat motionless with her hands in her lap as Dean spoke to her. She nodded once or twice, and even looked up out the closed balcony doors in the direction of Andrea's house a few times.
Andrea's heart was pounding in her chest and her hands shook nervously as she touched her lips. She felt the guilt swell inside her, and her powerlessness consumed her. She didn't know what was going to happen, but she couldn't just sit around and watch. She bit the tip of her finger and wrinkled her brow, then quickly spun around and dashed out of her bedroom and down the stairs.
The evening dew on the grass in Andrea's back yard felt cool on her bare feet as she crept through the gate toward Dean's house. The evening was warm, and she wore only cotton gym shorts and a snug navy tank top, her hair tied back in a ponytail. She looked up at Dean's bedroom, but her view was obscured by his balcony. The downstairs lights were still on inside, and she had a good view of his kitchen and the hallway beyond. Next to that was a dining area, in which the lights were off. Biting her lip nervously, she moved up to the back door and put her fingers around the handle. She listened for a moment and, hearing nothing, carefully, pulled the handle of the sliding patio door. She breathed a sigh of relief as she felt it open. He had left it unlocked.
Closing the door behind her as quietly as she had opened it, Andrea paused again, her ears perked. She heard footsteps in the hallway above her, then a few moments of silence. Next, she heard the baritone hum of Dean's voice, barely audible, coming from upstairs. Unable to make out the words, she decided to get closer. She was thankful for the practiced grace of her movements as she tiptoed down the hall and up the stairs, pausing every now and again to make sure she had not alerted anyone to her presence. Finally reaching the upper floor, she paused again and listened. Dean's bedroom was only a few meters away. His door was open a crack, and his voice drifted through.
"There's no need to be embarrassed, Natalie. What's the difference between this and what you did with Andrea last weekend? You're obviously not too concerned about showing off your sexy body," he said.
"Dean, please... that was..." Natalie's voice was faint and weak.
"That was what? Different? Perhaps, in that it was even more obvious than what I'm asking you to do. Do you want me to show you the video again? You two were being total sluts in Andrea's back yard in broad daylight!" Dean exclaimed.
There was a few moments of silence, then Dean spoke again.
"Look, this doesn't have to be as unpleasant as you're making it out to be. I see the way you look at me in the office. And the way you dress to show off those beautiful breasts... I think you know the effect it has on me, and you like it, don't you?"
Another pause.
"So come on, sweetie. Just play along."
Andrea was as quiet as a mouse as she slowly edged her way along the wall, finally reaching Dean's bedroom door and risking a peek into the room. Dean was sitting on his bed, his back resting against the headboard, his hands linked behind his head and his feet stretched out in front of him. He was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and had a smug grin on his face.
Natalie stood in front of the doors to Dean's balcony, facing into the room. She wore a short green pleated skirt and a grey cotton top. It was stretched tight across her enormous bosom, but was more conservative than Andrea was used to seeing her wear, with the neck only low enough to show just the top few inches of her cleavage. She could see Nat's nipples poking out of the material as she stood nervously, her arms crossed under her huge tits.
"W-what do you want me to do?" asked Natalie, her voice so soft that Andrea could only just make out the words.
Dean reached over to his bedside table and pushed a button on a remote control. Soft music began playing through the speakers in his room.
"Move for me, hun. Sway to the music. Move those hips," instructed Dean. "Put on a little show for all the neighbours watching you through my window."
Natalie looked nervously over her shoulder into the darkness outside, then back to Dean. He nodded and gestured to her, signaling her to begin. Her eyes on Dean, she began to sway her hips from side to side in time with the music. Her arms were still defensively crossed under her tits, but soon she slid them across her tummy and down her hips. The rhythm of her hips seemed to spread slowly over her whole body, her shoulders, arms, knees, and head joining in the slow, fluid dance. Nat's hands began roaming over her body, the tops of her thighs, her stomach, the sides of her breasts, up behind her neck. Her body's sensual movement contrasted with her facial expression, which seemed nervous and embarrassed.
The feeling of guilt caused Andrea's cheeks to flush, and she frowned as she watched Natalie reluctantly dance for Dean. She wondered how far he would take things, which sent a tingle from her abdomen up her belly and over her chest. As she watched Nat squeeze her breasts through her top, Andrea felt a voyeuristic thrill. Despite her guilt, she was becoming aroused.
"Take your top off," said Dean in a low growl.
Andrea could see that he had brought his hands to his lap and was slowly rubbing a bulge in his shorts. Nat blinked at him, but did as she was asked, and pulled up the hem of her top. Still swaying to the music, Nat exposed her tummy, then her large breasts, bulging out of her white bra, then pulled the top up over her head, holding her hands in the air for a moment before dropping it on the floor. Dean hummed his approval and Nat ran her hands sensuously over her bust, seeming to take encouragement from his approval.
"Now turn around and face the window. Bend over and pull your skirt up for me. I want you to strip your panties off for me, slowly," he continued.
Natalie didn't even hesitate this time, stepping in a tiny circle and turning around. She bent at the waist, looking over her shoulder, and flipped up the pleated skirt. She was wearing plain white cotton panties, bunched a little between her buttocks. Her full ass swayed as she hooked her thumbs in the waistband and began peeling the panties down over her round rump.
"Mmmm, yeah baby, that's nice..." moaned Dean.
He unfastened his shorts and unzipped the fly, fishing out his cock. It was large and swayed heavily, even though it was only semi-erect. Nat paused, her panties halfway down her ass, and her eyes widened.
"You like my cock, don't you Nat?" Dean said, wiggling his dick back and forth.
Nat didn't reply, but slowly nodded. Dean began stroking it methodically and Natalie continued her strip tease, finally pulling her panties out of her ass and down her thighs. Andrea could see her tight asshole and plump pussy lips between her legs. Unable to stop herself, she slid her hand down her thigh, her fingertips ticking the inside just below her shorts.
Natalie let her panties fall to the floor and wiggled her ass for Dean, still watching him stroke his growing dick. Nat began squeezing and kneading her ass cheeks for a minute as Dean watched her intently.
"Good girl... now show them," he said, pointing outside.
Natalie stood straight again and turned around, performing the same waist-bend she had before, but this time with her ass facing out into the night. She lifted her skirt again, then ran her hands up to her breasts, cupping them in her bra and pushing them together.
"Imagine all those neighbours watching your sexy ass sway in my window, Nat. I bet it's getting you hot."
Dean grinned as he stroked himself, and Nat watched him avidly.
"Now, get those beautiful breasts out for me," he continued.
Straightening up, Natalie reached behind her back to unfasten her bra. Her tits bulged crazily from her bra cups for a moment, then relaxed as the clasp came loose. She timidly lifted her hands to her shoulders, pushing the straps off, then slowly revealing her boobs to Dean, letting her bra dangle from her fingertips before dropping it to the floor. Her tits were as magnificent as when Andrea first saw them. Large, and round, and firm, with pale pink areolas and rock hard, pea-size nipples.
"Oh my god... Nat, you truly have the best tits I've ever seen," moaned Dean as he admired her.
Andrea saw Dean squirm and his fist tighten around his thick girth as he beheld Natalie's bare breasts. Her heart was thudding in her ears, and she felt a wave of pleasure spread from her pussy through her body. She looked down to see that, without her awareness, she had begun to rub her slit through her shorts with her middle finger. She bit her lip so she wouldn't moan.
"Bounce those titties for me, baby," commanded Dean.
Natalie put her hands behind her back, pushing her chest out. She started taking small jumps, causing her boobs to jiggle and bounce on her chest. All eyes (including Nat's) feasted on the glorious spectacle, hypnotised by the dancing flesh. Nat swayed her torso from side to side, swinging her tits, then bouncing them together with her hands, then squeezing them to create the sexy cleavage she loved to show off. She pinched her nipples and tugged on them.
Andrea noticed Nat's chest and cheeks becoming red as she jumped again, her short skirt moving up to give little peeks of her bare pussy lips. Nat danced, swayed, wiggled, and writhed, getting more and more into her performance. Dean's hand stroked himself faster.
"Turn around, Nat. Take your skirt off and dance in the window for everyone to see."
Wordlessly, Nat obeyed, pressing her breasts against the glass doors and sticking her ass out. She unzipped her skirt and pulled it over her hips and ass, letting it tumble to the floor. She squeezed her breasts for her invisible audience as she wiggled her ass for Dean. Andrea could feel her own wetness on her finger, having soaked through her panties and cotton shorts. Her face burned and her ass tingled.
Nat turned back around and danced for Dean, lost in her performance, touching her body and watching Dean through heavy-lidded eyes. She stepped closer to him, then closer still, until she was next to the bed, almost within arm's reach of him.
"What do you want me to do now, Dean?" she asked innocently as she pinched her nipples and batter her eyelashes.
"I want you to get on your knees and suck my cock," he said in a soft, low voice.
These words snapped Andrea from her voyeuristic revery. Her guilt came flooding back as she realised this was her fault. Dean was going to make Nat cheat on her husband because of her. Nat was looking down at Dean's massive, rock hard cock. Time stood still. For a moment, Andrea wondered if what she felt was really guilt, or jealousy.
Suddenly, Andrea burst into the room and shouted, "No!"
Both Nat and Dean's heads snapped in her direction, their mouths open in shock. Nat cried out and covered herself with her hands. Dean, on the other hand, made no attempt to cover his manhood.
"Nat, don't do it! This is my fault... Dean, don't make her do this," pleaded Andrea, standing in the middle of the room, panting.
Dean looked at Nat and said, "You told her."
Then he looked back at Andrea.
"How nice of you to join us, neighbour. The more the merrier."
There was an awkward pause. Finally, Natalie spoke.
"I told you not to interfere!" she barked.
"I'm sorry honey, but I can't just sit by. I felt terrible, and had to come over to see what was happening, and when I saw you..." Andrea trailed off.
"How noble," Dean laughed.
"She's married, Dean. Don't make her do this. It could ruin her marriage," Andrea said to him pleadingly.
Dean rubbed his chin, his cock still sticking out of his unbuttoned shorts.
"Ok. I'll let her be. But only if you take her place," he finished, pointing at Andrea.
"What? That's not... I didn't mean..." she stammered.
Natalie remained quiet, her breasts bulging under her arm.
"You seem to be good enough friends with Natalie to rescue her from my dirty clutches, I'm curious to see how far you'll go for your lady lover. You fuck me, or I tell Nat's husband everything," Dean said confidently, looking challengingly into Andrea's eyes.
"Yes, ok. I'll do anything you want," Andrea agreed, more quickly and eagerly than she'd intended.
Her pussy was suddenly on fire, and her eyes wandered to Dean's cock.
"Well, I guess you've been watching us for a while, so you know what to do. Strip in the window. But do it quickly, my cock's hard and needs to be sucked soon."
Natalie started to move away from Dean, but he grabbed her wrist.
"Ah-ah-aaaah, you're staying right here next to me. Get on the bed and watch your friend be a slut for us," he said.
Nat climbed up on the bed next to him, her legs half curled under her, leaning on one hand, the other still covering her breasts. Andrea immediately took her place in his window and began dancing erotically. She rubbed her pussy again and pinched her nipple through her shirt. She reached down and pulled off her tank top in one swift motion as Dean's hand wrapped around his shaft and began pumping it again. She stuck her perfect ass in the window and stripped her shorts down her lean legs, stepping out of them gingerly. She did the same with her light blue thong, this time facing her ass toward Dean and Nat on the bed. She was about to drop her panties to the floor when Dean spoke up.
"No, wait. Give them to me."
She obeyed, handing the lacy panties to Dean. He felt them and sniffed them deeply, smiling.
"They're soaked. You dirty girl. You were getting off watching Natalie strip for me."
He held them out to her.
"Put them in your mouth."
Andrea gasped, and was about to say something, but the look in Dean's eye told her that she shouldn't protest. She took her panties, balled them gingerly in her hand, and pushed the wet fabric into her open mouth. She smelled and tasted the strong aroma of her womanly musk. She closed her eyes and shivered involuntarily.
"Now touch yourself. Pleasure yourself for us," was Dean's next command.
She put her leg up on the bed, her foot between Dean's thighs. She looked down her thin, fit body, running her hands over her perky tits, her flat stomach, her bare mound. When she touched her slit, she twitched and moaned. Her finger came away wet. She spread her pussy lips for him, exposing herself. She was soaked, her clit erect. She touched it with her other hand and emitted a muffled cry through her panties.
"You're such a naughty slut, Andrea. You're so horny for us. Look how wet she is, Nat. Finger your pussy."
Andrea immediately slipped her middle finger into her wet cunt and moaned loudly. She looked at Nat, who instead of covering her breasts, was now pinching her nipple. Her other hand was sandwiched between her thighs. Nat's eyes, like Andrea's, were filled with lust. Nat looked from Dean's turgid cock, to Andrea's wet pussy, her eyes wide, hungrily soaking in the images. The hand pinching her nipple dropped, and crept across her lap to Dean's thigh.
Dean leaned forward and pulled his t-shirt off swiftly, lifting his arms above his head. As he did this, Nat's hand darted to his cock, her fingers wrapping around his girth. Dean chuckled as he tossed his shirt aside.
"Oh my god that's a big cock," mused Natalie as she stroked her hand along its length. "Is it ok if I stroke it?"
Andrea spat her panties from her mouth and said, "No Nat! Your husband..."
"It's not like I'm fucking her. I think it's ok if she has a little fun with it. I bet it's bigger than Mike's, isn't it Nat?" Dean said.
"Yeah... much bigger," sighed Nat, cupping her warm palm over his fat dick head.
"And I didn't tell you you could take those panties out of your mouth, young lady. But I suppose it's time you put something else in there," growled Dean.
Andrea did not need to be told what to do. She crawled on the bed and knelt between Dean's legs, taking hold of the sides of his shorts and yanking them down roughly. Dean kicked them off with Andrea's help, then settled back on the pillows against his headboard. Andrea suck her ass in the air and lowered her head to his lap. Her mouth watered as Natalie guided Dean's stiff cock to her lips.
Andrea slid her lips over Dean's cock head and began sucking it hard, her cheeks pulling inward. Nat continued to stroke his cock slowly and firmly. Andrea began bobbing her head in time with Nat's stroking, and Dean moaned as his hips moved with the rhythm. Andrea watched Dean and Nat as she sucked his knob, aroused by their expressions as they spectated her blowjob.
"Does his cock taste good, Andrea?" asked Natalie.
Dean now had his arm around her shoulders, and she had moved closer to him, pressing her tits against his side. Andrea didn't take her mouth off Dean's cock, but moaned an affirmative response. She moved her hand back to her sopping pussy and resumed finger fucking herself as she sucked him off, taking more of his length into her eager mouth. Dean moaned too, and held Andrea's ponytail as he forced his cock deeper down her throat. She accepted him as best she could, gagging a little, but keeping her composure. She was taking him so deep that Natalie had moved her hand away from his shaft, and now stroked his abs and chest. She rested her head on his shoulder as Andrea deep-throated him.
"Oh wow...she's taking you so deep. Does it feel good?" Natalie asked Dean as she stroked his chest.
"Fuck yeah, Nat. Andrea's a good little cocksucker," he moaned as he pushed his hips up and thrust his cock into Andrea's drooling mouth.
"Can I help a bit?" said Nat.
"Of course, honey," he replied.
Nat put hear hand around Andrea's ponytail and tugged it back, then pushed her head down forcefully on Dean's cock. She repeated this motion several times as wet slurping sounds came from Andrea's mouth. Andrea felt her give a strong push and she gobbled Dean's cock to the base, but this time Nat held her there as she fought off her gag reflex. Her eyes watered and her throat convulsed around Dean's thick shaft. She began to run out of air, and her nails gripped Dean's thigh, when finally Nat yanked her hair back. Dean's cock slipped out with strings of spit still attached to Andrea's lips. She wiped her mouth and smiled up at the pair on the bed.
"Mmmmmm... very good, Andrea," commented Dean.
Natalie giggled and stroked Andrea's cheek. Andrea's fingers, still penetrating her cunt, were nearly dripping with her juices, and her clit throbbed. Sucking Dean's cock had made her even more aroused.
"Alright Andrea. You know I've been waiting for this for a long time now. I want you to fuck me. I want you to put my dick deep in that tight pussy and ride me. Nat, hold my dick up so she can sit on it."
Nat eagerly gripped his shaft again and stroked Andrea's abundant spit along its length. Andrea crawled up Dean's body, kissing his stomach and chest, then his lips, their tongues intertwining. After kissing Dean, Andrea turned her head to the side and began kissing Natalie. As she sucked Nat's tongue, she could feel Nat pushing Dean's dick head against her stomach. She moaned into Nat's mouth, then broke away and sat up, now straddling Dean's legs, watching Natalie stroke his stiff cock.
"Natalie, suck on Andrea's fingers. They're coated in her pussy juice," ordered Dean.
Andrea held out her glistening middle and ring fingers to Natalie, who eagerly put them into her mouth. Andrea moaned again as Nat sucked her juices, shifting her hips forward until she pressed her wet pussy against the base of Dean's shaft. She slid her pussy lips up and down the underside of Dean's cock as Natalie massaged his dick head. Dean moaned.
"Fuck it, Andrea. Fuck my cock now," he groaned.
She slipped her fingers from Nat's mouth and trailed them over her tits, squeezing the bulging orbs before bringing herself to a squatting position over Dean's hard member. Her pussy lips parted as she spread her knees wide and rested her hands on Dean's thighs, preparing to descend. She sighed as she felt the tip of his cock bump her clit, and she watched Nat adjust the position of Dean's cock, holding it firmly at the base. His cock head slipped against her wet hole, and she felt her labia tingle with anticipation.
She lowered herself slowly onto Dean's massive erection, feeling resistance at first, and wincing as the pressure built. She cried out loudly when his dick head finally popped into her cunt. She sat down slowly as she felt his hips rise. She winced as his enormous cock stretched her pussy, sliding deeper inside her.
"Ooooooh fuck.... oh god, that's a big dick," she whimpered as she watched it inch its way into her soaked fuck hole.
"It's bigger than Jay's isn't it?" chuckled Dean.
She looked up at him, and saw his face straining a bit too.
"God yes, it's much bigger than Jay's cock. Mmmmm, yeah..." she moaned, pausing to let her pussy adjust to his size.
"Fuck Andrea, Jay's right... you have the tightest pussy," grunted Dean, as he clenched his teeth.
Andrea smiled, pleased with herself. Nat squeezed Dean's shaft again and Andrea felt it swell inside her, causing her to emit a high-pitched sigh. She began to fuck his cock, just the top few inches at first, the bed bouncing with her rhythm. Natalie watched with wide eyes as Andrea took Dean's dick, stroking his shaft a few times, then shifted her position so she was more on her back. She released Dean's cock and stroked her hand up her thigh, spreading her legs apart. She exposed herself to Andrea and began stroking her bare, puffy cunt lips. Andrea noticed that she was also soaked, her juices glistening on her thighs.
"Oh wow..." moaned Natalie, "that looks so hot."
Dean pushed his cock up further into Andrea's pussy and she squealed. Her fingernails dug into his thighs as she took him deeper, and her tits jiggled erotically.
"Mmmmmm yeah, her tight little pussy feels so good on my cock. Look at her take it... I think she's been craving this moment as much as I have."
Dean watched her ride his dick for a few minutes, then turned to kiss Natalie, who was fingering her pussy enthusiastically. He kissed her mouth and down her neck, and she responded by pushing her huge breasts out toward him eagerly. He began feasting on her tits, kissing, licking, and sucking them with aplomb, nibbling her nipples and swirling his tongue around her areolas. She moaned softly at first, then louder as wet sounds emanated from her pussy as she masturbated.
Andrea watched Dean reach across and stroke Natalie's inner thigh. She emitted a high pitched sigh and suddenly grabbed his wrist, pulling his hand against her cunt. He pushed two fingers inside her and began sliding them in and out.
"Put another one in," she moaned, her hand now in Dean's hair, encouraging him to suck her titties.
Dean pushed another finger inside her, and thrust them into her vigorously as she twitched and moaned. Andrea felt a rush of excitement watching Natalie get off, and rode Dean harder and faster, matching the volume and intensity of Natalie's cries of pleasure.
"Ooooooooh yes, Dean! Fuck it hard! Fuck my tight little pussy!" she begged, listening to the slap-slap-slap of his hips against her ass as he drove his cock up hard into her.
Her tits jiggled violently as he pounded her, and she squealed in ecstasy, feeling him fill her pussy completely with his manhood.
"Oh fuck... oh fuck, I'm cumming!" she screamed, unable to hold back the wave of pleasure that overcame her.
"Yeah, cum all over his cock!" cried Natalie.
Dean raised his head from her bosom and watched Andrea's body stiffen, then shake. She felt her pussy convulse, squeezing his cock powerfully as wave after wave of orgasmic bliss washed over her. Her mouth hung open and her eyes rolled as she came on his dick, her cum dripping down his shaft and soaking his balls.
"Oh my god, I'm going to cum soon," moaned Natalie as she watched Andrea's orgasm overcome her.
"Wait, not yet. Andrea, lie down on the bed," Dean said, holding her hips and lifting him off his dick.
Her legs shook, and she was thankful that Dean controlled her, as she felt she had no control over herself. She fell back onto the bed, her body alternatively numb and tingly. She panted heavily. Dean then guided Natalie to her knees, straddling Andrea's exhausted body. Finally, Dean knelt next to Andrea. She lifted her hand absently to fondle his balls.
"We're going to cum all over her, Nat. You think you can squirt like you did last time?" he said.
"I... I'll try," breathed Natalie, looking down at Andrea's sexy body.
Natalie began to finger her pussy aggressively as Dean pumped his cock over Andrea. She watched in dazed fascination and pleasure as they moaned and groaned.
"Yes... cum all over me. I want it," she muttered, touching her sensitive breasts.
Natalie was the first to announce her impending orgasm.
"Aaah... aaah.... ah.... cumming..." she screamed as she pushed her hips up and out, her palm slapping against her clit.
Her massive tits jiggled and bounced on her chest like they had a life of their own.
"Ooooh yeah... me too, baby..." groaned Dean, his hand a blur on his thick shaft.
Natalie erupted first, spraying her clear squirt up Andrea's prone body, covering her from her stomach to her hair. Andrea tossed her head back and forth as gush after gush sprayed her body with warm cum. In the next instant, she felt Dean's balls tighten in her palm, and he cried out as he unleashed a thick rope of hot, white cum across her face and into her open mouth. He shot another strong ejaculation onto her face, then aimed lower for his next few spurts, blasting his load across her tits as she arched her back to accept the cum bath. She relished the feeling of their warm cum dripping over her stomach, her breasts, her lips, her face. She licked her lips, tasting Dean's thick salty jizz, and Natalie's watery, musky squirt juice.
Her hand slid to Dean's shaft and she pulled it to her mouth, cleaning him as he panted, leaning over her cum-soaked body. Natalie was rubbing her hands through the mess, spreading it over Andrea's stomach and breasts, occasionally dipping her sticky fingers into Andrea's stretched pussy, her chest rosy and heaving.
"That was fucking incredible," Dean moaned as Andrea sucked the last of his cum from the tip of his dick.
"Wow...." was all Natalie could say as she caressed her breasts and looked between Andrea and Dean.
Andrea blinked cum from her eyes and smiled at the pair.
"So... promise you won't tell," she said innocently, and giggled.
Dean laughed, and to Andrea's amazement, so did Natalie.
"What? What's so funny?" she asked, incredulous.
"We might as well tell her," giggled Natalie, falling back against the pillows and sucking cum from her fingers.
Dean grinned.
"Sure, why not? Andrea, we set this up. That day in the office. I told Nat to tell you that I was going to blackmail her. I knew you'd try to spy on us."
Andrea blinked.
"What? You mean, Natalie agreed to this?"
Natalie spoke, "Yeah. I mean, I didn't think it would go this far, but it seemed like a good way to get back at you for rubbing it in our faces that you'd fucked Jay. I was just going to do a little strip tease for Dean. He was so right when he said you'd try to stop anything from happening."
"And I pretended I was going to tell Nat's husband about everything so that you would agree to let me fuck you," chuckled Dean. "Nat was just going to watch, at first, but I'm glad she chose to participate," he added.
Natalie beamed at him and bit the tip of her finger. Andrea was stunned, but a part of her appreciated their cunning and guile. Dean had played the game, and won. She smiled.
"Congratulations you two," she said. "Well played."
"Now I think it's time for you to head back home, little miss voyeur," said Dean, gesturing out the window toward Andrea's house.
"What... you mean... really?" she said, surprised that he'd ask her to leave after she had fucked him.
"Yes. We've had our fun with you. We might like a little privacy now."
Andrea looked at Natalie, but she made no protest. Nat had a smug grin on her face as she gently tugged her hard nipples. Aghast, Andrea slowly got to her feet, and reached down to pick up her clothes.
"No no. You're going back just the way you are. Naked and covered in cum," said Dean, getting up off the bed and standing near her, his softening cock swaying.
"Wait," said Nat.
While Andrea and Dean talked, Natalie had retrieved her phone from her handbag and was taking a full-length photo of Andrea as she stood in Dean's room, dripping with warm cum. Andrea opened her mouth to protest, but Dean patted her bottom, ushering her out of the room.
"I'll see you soon, sweetie," he said finally, and closed the bedroom door behind her.
Andrea stood stunned for a moment, but decided there was nothing she could do, so she made her way downstairs. As she opened the back patio door, she felt a thrill of excitement at the thought of her neighbours seeing her walk across the lawn, naked and sticky with cum after fucking Dean. She walked casually, making no effort to hide. When she reached her house she turned around to see Dean and Nat in his bedroom window. They waved to her, then a moment later the lights went out. Andrea was disappointed that she couldn't watch what might happen next.
She went to the shower and got cleaned up, then lay on her bed, naked. She masturbated to the memory of Dean's huge cock stretching her pussy, and felt sleep quickly falling on her after a satisfying orgasm.
In her mind she knew that after tonight, nothing would be the same.