It took me a long time to get to sleep that night. Night Junky kept playing through my mind, and my fingers kept creeping down to my pussy.
But the gradual escalation of my exposure over the last few weeks also creeped into my mind. At first I had initiated everything. But my brother had taken over, and I was in no doubt the boys were very much in control.
There was a rhythm to how things escalated. They would move things on a little. I wouldn't resist and so I'd be a little more exposed, a little less in control. That would keep us all happy for a few days. Then they'd escalate again.
Things always escalated on a Monday. They had the weekend away from me, but I have no doubt I was a hot topic of conversation. So they had time to plan.
But 5 days of the same thing, the same level, was too long. So there was an escalation mid-week too.
I had been so close to stopping it all when I was in my room, before we played Just Dance. But today had been incredible. I was hooked, an addict. I knew I couldn't stop it now even if I wanted to. I would ride this train all the way to the end. The boys would try and escalate in a few days. I had no idea what they would do. But I knew I would go along with it. I was powerless to stop it now. Then a few days later they would escalate again. And again. And again. It was a very scary thought, but also intoxicating and exciting.
Tuesday and Wednesday were the same level. I heard Night Junky enough times that I knew the words and the dance without looking at the screen. I was always without a bra, in a little top and little shorts.
Wednesday had been a little bit of an escalation, when I found Kevin had taken some more of my tops and shorts giving me even less option. But it wasn't a significant change.
The next proper escalation came on Thursday. I was expecting it, it was about due.
My wardrobe was two thirds empty these days. A small pile of shorts. A small pile of skirts. A small pile of tops and a draw full of panties. Everything else had been taken. The pile of tops looked smaller. There had been about 12 tops originally. Now there were 4 tops left. To be honest there wasn't much difference between them so this wasn't a big change. The big change was that the few tops were alone on the shelf. The skirts and shorts were gone. All I had left to wear were 4 shirts and a draw full of panties!
I dutifully dressed as expected. A pair of black panties and one of the shirts. The shirt was too short to reach the top of the panties. The other 3 shirts were the same. I realised that's why they had been chosen. All my panties are full, so my bump, hips and pussy were all well covered.
I inspected myself in the mirror. It wasn't really that different from what I'd worn before. The skirts flared up and displayed my underwear. The shorts were hardly any bigger than the panties, although not skin tight.
The top was one of my shortest. It stopped half way between my belly button and the waistband of my panties.
But symbolically it was a big step. While the shorts showed a lot off. I was still technically fully dressed. With my underwear openly on show, I wasn't fully dressed. This was going from wearing too small clothes, to a blatant display.
I knew I was arguing semantics. We'd gone past the point where anybody thought my displays were innocent. But we'd all stuck to the veneer of my total innocents. This took some of that away.
I spread my books out on my bed, and tried to do some homework, but I kept getting up to inspect my attire. I got a little bit of work done, before Kevin and his friends got home, but not much.
"Emma," Kevin called, moments after I heard the front door.
I came out of my room and poked my head over the banister. "Yes?"
"Come down stairs," he said and looked up at me expectantly.
It almost sounded like an order. I was a little annoyed by his tone. But a lot turned on by the implication, by the presumption. So I didn't pick him up on it, instead I started making my way down stairs.
As soon as I came properly into view, and he could see my state of undress; panties on show, a shit eating grin broke out on his face.
When I got to the bottom of the stairs he said "Xbox is set up for you, Night Junky."
I still said nothing, just made my way into the lounge.
The boys were all waiting on the sofas. Justin and Frank on one sofa, Paul and Bobby on the other.
Paul gave Justin and Frank a knowing wink when I came through the door in just my shirt and panties. I made my way to my position Infront of the screen, facing the four boys.
Just Dance was set up with the now ubiquitous Night Junky. It seemed the boys never got tired of watching me dance to that track.
Kevin came in behind me, and hit start. I expected him to take up position next to me as 'the challenger', but instead he sat next to Bobby on the sofa.
I realised then, as the opening bars of Night Junky came on, that it had been set on single player. Another layer of pretence and innocents had been stripped away. They expected me to dance alone!
I started dancing along to the now all too familiar routine. Delighting in the attention.
I don't think the missing shorts made that much difference to the display. But being alone on the floor definitely did. It changed the whole dynamics.
Nobody said anything when the song finished, they all just continued to stare at me for a few moments. It was Frank that picked up the controller and started Night Junky playing again.
After the second run through, Paul had a question waiting.
"Emma, how well do you know the Night Junky dance,"
"Pretty well," I replied. "I seem to have done it quite a few times in the past week." I was trying to be sarcastic, but nobody picked up on it.
"Do you think you could do it without seeing the screen?"
"Probably, yeah."
"Prove it."
"How do you mean?"
"Turn around."
I did as instructed, so my back was to the screen, and the boys on the sofas.
"This time do it facing away from us... I mean away from the screen."
And then Night Junky started playing again.
The show I was putting on was subtly different with my back to the audience. Instead of my big breasts, it was my panty clad bum they were watching.
There was a move they loved front on, that was even more popular from the back. It had me putting my hands on my hips then leaning to one side, and rotating round so I ended up bending over. My knees were locked, legs straight and slightly parted. I had to hold it there for a while, and then you reverse back up. I was barefooted, so my bent position gave an unobstructed view from the curve of my bump, down the smooth soft skin of my legs.
A couple of years ago, before my chest had filled out, I had considered my legs my best feature. And I thought I had a nice bum. It's plump and round, although too small for Sir Mix-a-lot to approve.
The guys on the sofa certainly seemed to be fans. I could hear the slaps of high fives as I held my bent position.
And that's how we spent the next two hours. I lost count of the number of times they put on Night Junky. A few other songs made an appearance too. Eventually I had to call an end to it. I still had homework to do, and my muscles were starting to ache from the exertion. Although before Kevin let me go, he made me promise to play again tomorrow. I reluctantly accepted, but in reality I was already looking forward to it. I don't think I had anybody fooled.