Author's Note -- Hi, all! This little fantasy was inspired by a thought I'd posted on the Lit message board that a member found interesting. A couple messages back and forth and this came together slick as sunscreen. Enjoy, I know I did write it! Contains exhibitionist, non-con, BDSM, erotic coupling, anal, group, mature, and even some romance themes.
All persons involved in sexual activities are 18+
*
It was the last sensible tanning day of the year. The forecast for the rest of the week went to crap, cold and wet and windy, so very much not good to catch a good tan. And it was Fall, not too likely to catch another good hot day. So today was a 'sick' day and she was headed up into the woods to her favorite private field.
It took an hour to make the drive, and it had taken years to find, but it was perfect. Nice, big open space for lots and lots of sun, soft grass that didn't grow too high, usually a gentle breeze, and most important of all - it was private. She'd never seen any signs of other people -- no footprints, no wheel tracks, no garbage, no old fire pits.
Getting to the turn off, she points her car up the hill to the dead end road she always parks on. After that uncomfortable discussion with the police a while ago, she was doubly careful to make sure the car wasn't visible from the main road, tucking it mostly behind a head-high bush. Picking up her pack full of the stuff she needed and occasionally wanted, she hopped the small ditch and walked off.
The woods were peaceful, as always. Quiet bird chirps, upset rodents chittering at her as she disturbed their urgent feeding and mating. She bushwacked, no trail connected the dead end road and 'her' field.
She'd checked once, the field was on the county books as owned by a corporation with an acronym for a name and a business address downtown in one of the smaller office towers. She figured it'd be better to beg forgiveness than to ask permission, especially since she'd never seen a posted sign anywhere on the hike from road to field.
About fifteen minutes after leaving her car, soothed by nature, she came on the field. Looking around, it looked the same as it always had -- pristine, pretty. Private.
Stripping out of her sundress, leaving her in her bikini for now, she strode out into the grass. Folding her dress neatly, she tucked it into one of the compartments in the pack, one without anything that could spill or stain the cloth. A lesson she'd learned the hard way, back when she'd been using a beach tote with everything jumbled together.
Her sandals brushed through the short grass, the blades gently tickling the sides of her feet with every step. Finding the perfect place, she pulled out the rolled up camping pad and flicked it out flat. She checked quickly for insects. No fire ants or ground bees this time, good -- another set of hard-earned lessons.
Out came the sunscreen, and one last check around the field. Still, no one visible, no noise, no weird scents -- yep! All alone! Off came the bikini and sandals before the sunscreen went everywhere. She took a little extra time on the fun bits, of course -- couldn't have THOSE burning! -- before laying down on her stomach. Tucking the bikini and sandals in with her dress, she pulled out her headphones and triggered her phone's playlist over Bluetooth before snuggling down to a serious session of baking.
Fifteen minutes later, her phone beeped at her. Reapplying sunscreen to her front, she flipped over and laid back down, ensuring an even, warm tan for as long as her body would keep it in the drear winter just around the corner. Wriggling a little to get comfy on the pad, fifteen minutes passed quickly before the phone beeped again.
Sitting up she looked around -- still no sign of anyone. She wasn't scared, just cautious. Reassured, she realized that a particularly tall tree's shadow was starting to stretch her way. In a while it'd be obnoxiously blocking the sun, so it was time to move.
Tossing a water bottle and the sunscreen onto the pad, she grabbed it and dragged it thirty feet off to the side, dodging the danger of losing her sun. Reapplying the sunscreen, she laid back down on her front and enjoyed the warmth penetrating her back.
Some little time later, her music shut off. Damn it, did she forget to charge something? Pulling the headphones off, she saw they still had almost a full charge, but the link light was red. Turning over onto her side, she froze. An older gent stood there, her backpack held in one hand, her phone in the other. Well, at least the problem was obvious, even if the solution wasn't.
He was grizzled and looked much taller than her petite frame, fairly wide and pretty fit looking. Grey shot through his black hair and full beard, and if his brown eyes were windows into his soul, those windows were heavily shuttered. His skin showed the leathery tanning of decades in all the weather could provide, his hands looked strong but gnarled from hard work. His jeans and thick tee shirt were clean but worn and the boots had many, many miles on them.
"Good afternoon, miss. I'd ask what you're doing up here on private property, but it's pretty obvious, isn't it?"
She blushed and nodded a little bit. She hadn't bothered to cover up -- he'd already seen anything he wanted to, after all.
He put her phone into the backpack before pulling his off a belt clip. For an older gent, he handled it deftly, and almost before she knew it she heard the camera shutter sound -- he'd just taken her nude picture! No -- her naked picture! He snapped it back onto his belt.
Blushing, she asked, "Why did you do that?"
"So I'd have something to remember this day. It's not every day you run across gorgeous little girls laying out starkers in the woods, after all!" His smile was wide, and there was something a little bit off about it, like there was a joke here that she'd missed.
She couldn't help it. She always blushed easily, something she hated about herself, but she did blush a deeper shade of red at his words. Licking her lips, her mouth was awful dry all of a sudden. Twisting off the top, she took a long sip of cool water. His eyes never left hers until she put the cap back on.
"Hoy, Paul, whatcha got there?" another voice called from behind her.
"An interloper, Jimmy. A nekkid interloper, at that."
"Oh, wow. Look at her. Good afternoon, Miss -- and don't you look delectable, all glistening like that in the light."
"Smells like coconut oil."
"Well, darling -- is it coconut oil?"
"It's sunscreen. I like the coconut smell"
The first man -- Paul -- took a deep breath through his nose. "Mmm. Yeah, I think we do too, don't we Jimmy?"
"Smell, yep, but sunscreen usually tastes like ass."
"Good point. How's it taste, Miss?"
She blinked. They wanted her to taste it?
"Just take a lick at the back of your hand there, missy. How's it taste, huh?"
Slowly, she brought her hand closer, and her little pink tongue slipped out just enough to flick across the back of her wrist. Their gazes pinned her in place, they felt so heavy on her. After a second the taste registered -- it did taste pretty horrid and she made a face.
"Yeah, thought so. How much water in that pack, Paul?"
"Looks like a six pack, counting what she's got there."
"So, we got enough. Toss me a couple bottles, man."
Paul reached left-handed into the bag and retrieved the remaining six pack, still joined by the plastic rings holding them together. Putting it into the same hand as held her pack, he wrenched two bottles out and tossed them to Jimmy before pulling out a couple of his own. The plastic and the last water bottle went back into the pack.
Seeing her watching him, he mentioned, "Can't be littering out here - place is too nice for that." She nodded, slowly. Their eyes weighed so much. She realized she was panting a little, just slightly out of breath for some reason.
Jimmy finally came up to where she could see him. A little taller, a little broader, and a little balder than Paul, they both looked to be in good shape for being what, fifty? Sixty? Older, much much older than she was. Paul put her backpack down behind himself, well out of her reach, as Jimmy opened a bottle.
"Now, darlin', you get to wipin' off as much of that sunscreen as you can now." She started to complain, but Paul shushed her loudly, and just said, "Be a good girl, now. Listen to Jimmy and get rid of that horrible tasting stuff."
Jimmy started slowly emptying the bottle of water on her head as she spluttered, jerking up to sit there. Jimmy just kept the water pouring down on her. It was cool, but the sun had warmed it enough that it wasn't shockingly cold. "Well, ya silly little thing? Get to scrubbing!"
She started to obey, rubbing at the slickness, trying to rub as much of the oil off as she could. Cool water on warm, oily skin doesn't wash much, though, leaving her still slippery and flavored poorly. Realizing this, Paul poked about in her backpack, looking to see if there was anything that would help. A little surprised at some of the contents, he looked over to find her staring at him, blushing even harder.
"Guess we'll have to keep THIS over here for now, won't we girl?" he asked. She bashfully nodded, blinking as water dripped from her soaked hair over her face, deeply embarrassed. Eventually he did turn up a plastic tube of body wash, which would do a treat for this situation.
"There we go. Jimmy -- get a handful of this stuff, we'll scrub her down then rinse her back off."
"Strawberry body wash? I guess that'll be better than sunscreen."
The men got handfuls of the thick, creamy stuff, working it up into a thick lather. "Well? Stand up, girl! We're not going to kneel down there to scrub you up!"
She slowly, reluctantly got to her feet. The guys weren't shy, each starting on a shoulder as soon as they could reach. Their big, strong hands weren't too harsh even with all their calluses under the slippery body wash, but they were clearly enjoying her soft, warm skin in their grasp. As warm as it was, she still shivered at their touch.
Working as if they'd practiced this, both men slid their hands lower, working her shoulder blades and bare breasts. Shivering harder, her shoulders came forward and her hands up to try to protect herself from the sensation overload. "None of that, girl. Stand up straight, hands at your sides. C'mon now, be a good girl."
She shook her head slowly, unable to say a word. Paul sighed noisily. "I don't know if you want to be a bad girl, now do you? Bad girls get punished."
She flinched as he said 'punished', causing another shiver to run through her petite body like a tiny earthquake. Only their grasping hands kept her on her feet. Reluctantly, she slowly lowered her arms slowly back to her sides.
"That's good, but you need to stand up straight and proud, lil girl. You should be proud of that gorgeous lil body, showing it off like that is a brave thing."
She knew she wasn't brave -- she'd always hid her nude sunbathing where no one could find her, until now. And this is exactly why she had done so - she knew she wasn't brave.
Jimmy spanked her, once, quite sharply. She jumped at the unexpected pain and embarrassment. "Stand UP," he said. "Straight as an arrow!" Without thought, she did, spine straight, shoulders back. The men's hands resumed their caressing and scrubbing.
Each took her arm on their side, working the suds down and back up. Paul took the time to caress around and between her fingers, which shocked her because it was so surprisingly intimate. Jimmy wasn't interested in that, returning to working the suds around her breast instead. Her little pink nipple showed through the few suds remaining on Paul's side now, tiny but clearly very hard.
The guys moved on down and worked on her torso, back on her breasts down her ribs and to her stomach. Jimmy tweaked her nipple on his side as Paul ran a finger around and into her little navel. Both men rested their other hands on her small, tight little butt, groping and kneading the firm muscle as they went along.
"Let's rinse what we got here, Jimmy -- then there's that stump over there, we'll get the rest with her up where we can reach her easier."
"Works for me. Arms up, darlin', we're gonna rinse you off now."
She obeyed without thinking, bringing her arms up over her head. Jimmy opened his last bottle and carefully poured it along her arms, around her neck and out her shoulders. Paul took the time to squeegee the water and suds down and off her body with his hands, his touch almost impersonal. When the bottle was done and the water mostly off her skin, Paul grabbed her forearm, firmly placing her wrist an inch in front of her mouth. "Taste again, girl. Better?"
She leaned forward to reach her wrist held in his gnarly mitt. Looking between the men, her tongue flickered back out, tasting again. "Better," she whispered.
"Wonderful!" Paul grinned at her. "Now, hop up on this stump, darling. We'll get your legs clear too."
It was a tall stump, more than halfway up her thighs. "Help me up, please?" she asked. Paul grabbed her hips and easily lifted her up to the top and held her long enough to be sure she had her balance.
Pulling the tube of body wash back out, he gave Jimmy another handful and took one himself. Working up more suds, the men started at her feet and began to work their way up from there. Again, Paul took his time, caressing between her toes and along the arch, but Jimmy didn't. Jimmy was halfway up her thigh when Paul got to her ankle and slowly, caressingly worked his way up.
She was torn. Jimmy was clearly racing to reach a goal, only one of which she could think of offhand, but Paul's caresses were surprisingly stimulating. She wasn't sure if she didn't want to rush through whatever this ended up being, as Paul was making her feel all this incredible sensation and even start to enjoy it a little.
If he kept it up, she might end up enjoying it more than just a little.
Paul's strong, slippery hands worked her calf, kneading and massaging the muscle as she had to flex it to maintain her balance. Jimmy reached the top of her thigh and was concentrating on her hip, clearly intending to move on quickly.
Paul held the front of her knee in one large paw before tickling the tender skin behind her knee unexpectedly. She flinched and again might have fallen if the men hadn't had such firm grips on her, and as he kept tickling she started uncontrollably giggling.
It was horribly embarrassing -- she couldn't stop giggling! His hand pinned her knee as she leaned over, flailing ineffectively trying to get him to stop. Worse, Jimmy joined in. He grabbed her upper arm just above the elbow and began to run his fingertips along the skin just above and in front of her hip bone.
Paul smiled up at her and kept tickling even as Jimmy laughed too. "OK, ok, we need to finish this so we can go on to the fun stuff, Jimmy."
"But getting her giggly and jiggly like that IS the fun stuff, Paul!"
"You sure, Jimmy?"
"Well, part of it!"
"I guess we can do more of that later, right Miss?"
She shook her head vigorously denying the guess while trying to catch her breath.
"Guess we'll just have to work on that later then," Jimmy chuckled.
The men soaped up the last of her legs before continuing up to redo her butt and lower belly. Each man slid a hand between her knees and tugged, forcing her to step out to the edges of the stump. Barefoot, the rough edge didn't feel great on her soft feet. The men kept pressing out until her knees were bent outwards, hips rotated to let them just a half foot past the edge of the stump, leading her to stand exposed in a most indelicate squatting position
"Good girl, stay just like that for a minute,"
Paul told her. He passed a bottle of water over to Jimmy and took over the grip on both knees. Jimmy slowly walked around her, rinsing her off from the waist down. Paul kept her legs spread wide. The only time she resisted at all was when the water trickled down her belly and along her lips, and that was more a flinch than active resistance.
Jimmy ran his hands over her skin, rubbing droplets off as he went. Once she was mostly dry, he stopped in from of her. "Hold on now, missy," he warned before flipping her forward to lie stomach-down over his right shoulder, his hand coming up to pin her firmly in place by grabbing her ass cheek.
As Jimmy flipped her over, Paul grabbed the sleeping pad she'd been using by one end. Giving it a vigorous shake to get rid of the oil, suds and water that had ended up on it earlier, he folded it double before flopping it over the stump she'd just been standing on.
Jimmy bent, putting her butt on the pad a couple feet off the ground. "Paul, you help keep her from fallin' off?"
"Sure Jimmy," was his laconic reply. Walking around behind her, he grasped her left breast and firmly pulled her back against his pants and stomach. He carefully avoided shading her erect nipple. His other hand then came forward and lined up a selfie shot, showing her charms from her damp hair down to mid-shin before the camera ka-clicked, again recording her naked form for his future amusement.
Emotionally stunned and simultaneously surprisingly aroused, she didn't protest this time, and the men smiled at each other over her head.
"OK, darlin', get them heels up on the pad for us, now," She lifted her slim legs, thighs together and knees bent. Paul didn't say another word, using the hand holding his camera to split and spread her thighs, rolling them out while leaving her heels together. Ka-click, another image made.
"Mmm, mighty pretty there, girlie," Jimmy said before taking her ankles in hand and gently spreading them as far as the top of the stump allowed. As he let go and leaned back Paul took another picture, ka-click.
"Look close at that pic, Paul," Jimmy said. "Think she's startin' to get wet for us."
Her blush came back as Paul looked at the picture, not-so-accidentally leaving it out in front where she could see him zooming in on her bared crotch. "Looks that way, Jimmy, but it could just be water from earlier, ya know?"
Jimmy's finger reached down and the rough callus scraped gently along her lips, pushing just a little inside and coming back damp. The finger went into his mouth and he smacked his lips. "Nope, that ain't water Paul, that's first class pussy juice!"
Lowering the phone down close between her spread thighs, Paul took another picture. This time the flash fired along with the ka-click
Looking at it where she couldn't help but see it too, there it was on screen. Her naked pussy in all its glory, and yes, she was wet. Two glistening drops were working their way down her taint, just below her pussy.
"Now then, darlin', what's got you all hot and bothered, hrmmm?" asked Paul. "Do you like us running our hands all over you? Or is it that you don't have to ask, we're just taking care of ya?"
After a moment with no reply from her, Jimmy grabbed her right leg and lifted, getting ready to punish her. Paul waved him off, though. "It's ok, Jimmy - it's not like we really care what this little girl wants, is it?"
Jimmy laughed and nodded, "Yer right, Paul!" He brought her foot back down to rest on the pad, spread wide.
Paul lifted her arms up and tucked her hands behind his neck. "Hold on up there, missy. Don't let go - only a bad girl would let go."
Jimmy scooped her ass into his palms and lifted her off the stump. He pulled her forward so she was half-dangling from her arms around Paul's neck, barely supported by the edge of the stump digging into her lower back just under her pelvis. "Gorgeous!"
Jimmy unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his jeans, and slid his jeans and underwear down. His thick six inch cock slid into view, causing her to gasp as her eyes popped wide. As her hands tried to let go, Paul's right arm wrapped around her elbows and pinned her arms in place.
"That's a naughty little girl, letting go like that. We'll have to do something about that, now won't we little girl?"
She didn't say anything, so he sharply tweaked her left nipple. "Speak up, girl, you were asked a question."
She tipped her head back and looked up at him. Her eyes were wide, pupils dilated wider than normal in the bright sunlight. "Wh, what was the question?"
"You were a naughty girl, letting go like that. What happens to bad girls?"
She swallowed in a suddenly dry throat. "They get punished?"
"Good! You're learning! Yes, bad girls get punished! Now -- pay attention to Jimmy. I'll handle your punishment later, but first you need to grab your hands behind my neck again. And this time, don't let go -- or else the punishment will get much, much worse. Do you understand?"
Meekly she replied, "Yes, sir."
"That's a good little girl."
"Hell," interjected Jimmy. "She ain't no little girl. She's a slut! Look at her - her pussy's leaking like an old sink!"
"Is it?" Paul asked her.
She bit her lower lip and nodded, slowly.
"Well, then, slut. Like girls, sluts that are good get rewarded, but bad sluts? They get different punishments. Punishments that little girls can't take, but sluts? Oh, sluts. Sluts can take a lot, right Jimmy?"
"Got that right, Paul."
"So, you gonna be a good slut for us, or you gonna be a bad slut? We'll have fun, either way -- but you? You don't want a slut's punishment. Not yet. Maybe later -- but not right yet. Trust me on this.
"So. Tell me -- good slut, or bad slut?"
"I... I'll be a good slut for you two."
"Smart slut. Very, very smart slut. Jimmy my boy, break this slut in for me, will you?"
"Ya got it, Paul. Now then, slut."
She tipped her head back down and looked Jimmy in the eyes, nervously.
"I want you to tell me what you think's gonna happen now. And don't forget -- you're a slut. Tell me like a slut, not a little girl, got me?"
"Yes, sir. You... you're going to fuck me."
"Yep, fuck you rotten. What else, slut?"
"You're going to make me suck your penis."
"Nope- that's a little girl word. Sluts say cock. Try again."
"You're going to make me suck you... your cock."
"Good slut. And what else?"
"You... you're going to do it in me."
"Little girl words. Sluts say 'cum in my cunt.' Try again."
"You're going to cc...cum in my ... in my cunt."
"And?"
"Um, I don't know, sir?"
"Oh, good. You'll get a surprise then, slut. Hope ya like it, I know I will. OK, let's get started. Kick those pretty lil legs up and onto my shoulders, slut. Spread 'em wide -- might as well start getting used to it, you'll be doing that a lot, as a slut."
She did, bending almost in half at the hips, calves right next to his neck.
"Nope, good first try tho' slut. Heels on the points of my shoulders and roll those knees out. Open up wide so's I can get at you however I want, got it?"
She adjusted her position as she nodded, her lip getting chewed harder and harder.
"Nice. Ready?"
She took a deep breath, hesitated a split second, then nodded.
Jimmy slid forward a little, until the tip of his hard cock just reached her outer lips. He held his cock at the base, and gently brushed the tip down the length of her outer left lip... then the outer right lip... slow, steady, smooth.... before circling back around and left .... then right...
Her hips twitched unconsciously as he passed the deep entrance, just a fraction of an inch, but both of them felt it. Jimmy's eyes snapped up from her pussy to her eyes as he smiled at her, "Ooh, good little slut! Let that slutty nature out, it'll do you a right treat!"
Jimmy's cock rested at the top of her lips and he gently ground his hips forward, putting indirect pressure on her clit. She twitched harder, and he backed off. He started a rhythm of gentle pressure and release, chuckling at her regular reaction. "Oh, yeah, slut! That's good! That's a good lil slut!"
Paul fiddled with his phone, one-handed. Turning on the video recording, he panned the lens over her body, ending on her wide-eyed, panting face. "So, slut -- tell the camera. How does his cock feel?"
Big, big blush. Such a big blush, it went from nipple to hairline and ear to ear in a fraction of a second. "Do you have -uh- to film me?"
"Yes. Now answer the question. How does his cock feel, grinding on your needy little clit?"
"It... it --uh- it feels goo --uh- ood."
"Describe what it's doing to you, what it feels like."
Speaking rapidly, she said, "He's pushing on my cli --uh- clit with his cock. It --uh- it's like he's sho --uh- shocking it, I c --uh- can feel it shoot out --uh- my pussy and up m --uh- my spine and out my thi --uh- thighs."
"Is it making you wet?"
"You t --uh- two made me wet --uh- walking up to me"
"Good little slut. Now, beg Jimmy to make you feel better. Beg him to fuck your wet slutty cockslot."
"oh god....-uh-"
"Be a good slut -- beg him."
Jimmy pressed more firmly on her clit, keeping the pressure on for a deep breath, making her twitch and spasm on the edge of the stump as she hung dangling from the men. He went back to light pushes, but twice as fast.
"Oh, G-uh-OD. JIMMY! --uh- JIMMY! F-uh-UCK ME, J-uh-IMMY!"
"Beg, bitch! You don't get to order -- BEG him!"
"Jim-uh-my... Jimmy-uh- Please! Please! P-uh-lease -- I need --uh- your cock! --uh-"
"Where do you need his cock, slut? He's giving it to your clit. Where else do you need it?"
"I DON'T CARE -- FUCK ME JIMMY!"
And he did, shifting his cock down and thrusting all the way into her drenched cunt in one hard slap of his hips. Three things happened all at once. Her head rocked back, letting her wordless shout of ecstasy shoot into the cloudless sky. She came, immediately, impressively, her whole body focused on her hole, on trapping the cock that felt SO GODDAMN GOOD deep inside her. And Jimmy felt her spray them, squirting like a supersoaker as she came.
Paul caught it all on his phone, left hand shifting up from her breast to wrap her elbows and help her stay in place. Her heels drove Jimmy's broad shoulders down as she used the leverage to slam her cunt all the way down on his cock.
Her epic scream stopped, her body locked up tighter than a pharmacy in a drug rehab facility. After fifteen or thirty seconds, her muscles started to twitch and shake. Jimmy stepped up, pushing her back into Paul as he grabbed her knees, keeping her in place as they pressed into her.
"Guess that makes it yer turn, Paul."
"Yep. This'll be fun."
She took a ragged, wrenching deep breath, recovering air she badly needed for her body. Her moans were without the slightest doubt heartfelt and soul-deep.
"Here, take the phone, Jimmy, let me get her into position."
"You got it, Paul," he replied, taking the camera before firmly tugging his still rock-hard cock out of her clutching cunt. Her body REALLY didn't want to let him go, but between persistence, leverage and experience, Jimmy managed to distract her with a thumb on her super-sensitive clit and wriggle his way out of the muscular embrace. Every time his thumb tapped her clit, she locked back up for a split second before relaxing long enough to pull another inch or two out. After more taps than he really needed, he was back free and up at the ready, glistening with her wetness.
Paul reached over and took her right ankle off Jimmy's shoulder, smoothly twisting it, forcing her to arch her back as he slid it down beside Jimmy and curled it up under her, on top of the stump. Switching his left arm around her elbows to his right arm restraining them, he repeated the ankle leverage on her other side, pulling her left knee under her so she was arched in a backwards bow, breasts and belly jutting out as she rested on her knees on the padded stump.
"I'm gonna need her backpack, Jimmy," Paul told him. As Jimmy stepped over to fetch it for him, he stepped back dragging her semiconscious form until her knees were just at the edge of the stump closest to himself, resting on the soaked pad. Taking her hip in his hand he bent her forward as he stepped up to her, leaving her arms still wrapped behind his neck. Swiftly he unhitched his belt and jeans, pushing them down to knee level and letting them fall to around his ankles.
Jimmy came back with her backpack. Paul dug in and pulled out two things -- a small bottle of 'personal lubricant' and a moderately girthy rabbit vibe. One handedly he demonstrated his prior expertise, opening the lube and applying it to the vibe. He made sure to keep the rabbit ears on the bottom of the vibe and gently inserted it into her pussy, which was still leaking her arousal and Jimmy's cum. He pushed it just deep enough for the ears to end at her clit where they belonged. Pulling it half way back out, he managed to twist the base and turn it on at a gentle level of stimulation before putting it back in place. Her moan was deeper, more primal as it ended its thrust into her.
Next, he poured a small stream of the gel lube at the top of her ass crack. She shivered at the touch of the cooler material, but was still mostly out of it, recovering from her earthshaking orgasm.
Using a fingertip, Paul dragged a small amount of lube down the crack to gently rub it into her firm muscle, small circles and gentle pressure making certain everything got a light coating. Another fingerload was pulled down and pressed against the center of the muscle, starting to work it in.
A third fingerload and the ball of his fingertip gently slipped a tiny bit further in. Patiently, slowly, he worked the lube deeper and deeper, one small load of gel at a time. Before too long, his finger was easily working through the muscle. Slipping free, he poured a thick ribbon of gel along his cock and spread it quickly into a smooth layer. Sliding back in, he slowly compressed the muscle upwards with the back of his finger until a small gap appeared under it. Slipping the nozzle of the lube into the gap he squeezed.
She jolted as the cool lube landed in the hot, tender flesh inside her ass. "Whha?"
Dropping the bottle, he gathered her wrists in his left hand and his cock in the right. Jimmy was filming from the side as he put the tip of his cock on the small muscle and firmly, smoothly pushed the slick flesh through the slick muscle.
She tried to arch her back to escape the unexpected pressure and slight discomfort as she woke to her situation, but by holding her wrists together and keeping her arms down along her spine he was able to control her motion. "What are you doing to me?"
"Silly slut -- what do you think I'm doing?" Paul asked as he started to slowly work his cock out and back in, stretching the clingy muscle a tiny bit as it slipped along, massaging both of them excitingly.
"Oh, god... you're fucking my ass...."
"Yes, slut. I'm ball deep in your sexy little ass. How do you like that vibe working over that wet cunt of yours?"
"It, it feels... good" she managed to say, starting to pant harder again.
"I agree, I like the way it tickles me deep in your guts. Think we should turn it up, slut?"
"Oh, my, god.... Yes, please, please!"
Tugging the vibe back halfway out, Paul turned the vibe up to about half-power. Her moan was instant and deep, even before it went back into the perfect place to tickle her clit too.
"Get ready, slut. I'm going to start pounding this hot little ass now, soon's the vibe's back in place," he warned her. He flicked the toy in most of the way before snapping his wrist, tugging it back even faster. Hearing her moans and feeling her body surge at the unexpected sensation made him chuckle.
He fucked her pussy in and out with the toy for a minute or so before pushing it fully back in. Making sure and certain it was properly placed, his hips started driving in and out in time with her panting breath. "Such a tight little ass..."
"Oh, PAUL!" she howled.
"Hey, Jimmy -- shut this slut back up for me, will ya?"
"OK, Paul," he replied before walking around in front of her. Taking her hair in his left hand, he lifted her head up and put his cock at her lips. Holding the phone off to the side on the same level as her dazed eyes, he told her, "Suck it down, slut. Make yourself airtight, all your slutty holes plugged for pleasure."
She started to moan again, and Jimmy thrust into her mouth as she did, blocking the moan -- except that the vibrations so stimulated him, he had to moan as well. "DAMN she's a good cocksucker, Paul!"
"Might have to do something about that later," panted Paul as he worked her ass harder and harder, chasing the first hints of his oncoming orgasm.
"Definitely!" agreed Jimmy.
She didn't say anything -- even if she could have, all she heard at that point was noise. She was completely overwhelmed by all the sensations flooding into her, no longer tracking what was going on outside her as everything inside was so incredible. She'd never expected sex could be anything like this, this overwhelming.
Paul kept pace with her breathing, and Jimmy was being kind with her, not gagging her, letting her tongue and lips do all the work on the last few inches of his hard cock. He suspected he'd get another chance, sooner or later. The way this felt? Sooner. Definitely sooner.
She froze, another world's-record orgasm exploding deep inside her and filling everything, flowing everywhere. The vibe shot out of her clenching cunt, just missing Paul's balls, even as her muscle locked hard on his cock, keeping him from moving through it. Her mouth opened wider as she howled with everything she had, everything she was. Jimmy wasn't prepared for that, and he orgasmed again without any warning.
Gagging a little on Jimmy's thinner second load, she half swallowed, half spit to clear her mouth enough to breathe as she felt her ass get filled deep with liquid heat. Paul couldn't withstand the sensations, either.
Moments later Paul's strong hands shifted to her hips and lifted her off the stump. Gently, he lowered both of them to the grass, where he kept her ass in his crotch and spooned up behind her, breathing hard. Jimmy dropped to his knees and started to catch his breath.
Time passed, and they started to recover. She came back to herself, weak but oh so very satisfied. As her eyes finally focused, Jimmy passed her one of her bottles of water, already opened. Smiling at him, she took a goodly drink of the luke-warm water. Only rarely had anything tasted so good before.
Paul wasn't behind her anymore, he must have managed to extract himself from her bowels at some point. She then felt his hand gently caressing her hair, and looked up. He was sitting on the pad, still drenched, still atop the stump. He was smiling gently at her. "Feeling better?"
She nodded, eyes tearing up a little. Seeing the tears, he slipped down off the stump, tucking her wallet and phone back in her pack before moving in behind her and spooning her again. Wrapping her in his arms, he held her as she started to sob. "It's OK, it's OK -- let it out, sweetie. It's OK."
Comforting her, holding her as she sobbed her eyes out, confused and overwhelmed, he stayed with her for an hour as she went through emotional shifts -- from crying to numb to uncontrollable laughter then back around. Slowly, slowly the worst of the spikes faded, and eventually she calmed. He just held her, and offered what little comfort he could.
Jimmy brought her a sliced-up apple at one calmer point. "Eat up, it'll help hon," he muttered. "Low blood sugar's nobody's friend."
Eventually she was half-numb, half-recovered. "Thank you," she told them both. "That... that was unreal. I've never -- I'd never imagined! -- it could be so good..."
"It's OK, baby. Would you like help getting back to where you're going?"
Shaking, she couldn't bring herself to stand up. "I think I need help."
"OK, hon. You don't live around here, so where'd you park?"
She mentioned the name of the dead end road. "Jimmy, go get my truck. I'll drive her home, you follow and we'll hit a couple of the bars in town after we get her home."
"Works, Paul."
"Who ARE you two, anyways?"
"I'm Paul. I'm the chief of TSuSAS, Inc," he pronounced it t'soo-sass, "We own this land. Jimmy's my cousin. We grew up playing in these woods as kids back when. He's visiting for a bit, and I thought we'd enjoy ramming around up here again. Boy, did I guess right," he chuckled, and to her surprise she joined him.
"Well, thank you for the unexpected pleasure. I'd never have guessed that I'd experience so much today -- I was just looking for a better sun tan before we completely lose the summer."
"No, no -- thank YOU, miss!"
They shared trivial bits of their lives as he half-carried her through the woods and drove her home. She was struggling to stay awake for the last fifteen or twenty minutes. Arriving at her apartment complex, she got him to park in the right slot and to the right door. He unlocked the door and carried her through into her home. Settling her in her bed, he pulled the covers over her as she passed out, instantly asleep.
Checking in her fridge, he found some fruit. Bringing a bowl of fruit, a tall glass of water, and a bottle of aspirin he found in the bathroom, he left her a brief note.
"Thank you for a wonderful day. You were amazing, I'll remember this day for the rest of my life. I wish you nothing but the best going forward.
-Paul"
Locking the door behind himself, he left.