This story can be read on its own but the reader will get more out of it if they read the 11 prior chapters all penned in chronological order except a month off, which is a one of story.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The New Management
The next morning after their visit to the Cinema, Louise was browsing some clothes sites when an email alert appeared on her screen. She was about to ignore it when she saw the title Crimson Rooms New Management, her heart quickened.
She had not heard anything from the Crimson Rooms or Nicolai since the extraordinary weekend at the Lodge. Closing the pages of dresses she had been looking at she clicked on the alert and the email opened.
Reading the first line she new something big must have happened as the message explained that all staff where to report to the Crimson Rooms at 3pm Saturday for a briefing on the club's future after a change of management. The message held no further information and left her somewhat stumped, a quick search of the internet to see if there was any new information and she found nothing about the club, bar a few forums hinting that extra services could be acquired there.
Louise was frowning as John came in from the kitchen to the living room, seeing Louise's expression he spoke. "Everything ok?"
"I think so, just an odd message from the Crimson Rooms." She replied.
"I thought that was all finished since you had not heard from them for weeks."
"Yes, its odd, it just says the club is under new management and no other details other than all staff to come to the club today at 3pm for further details. It's weird because there is no mention of Nicolai at all."
John grinned "Well is that so bad, he was pretty controlling and involved in god knows what, I know he pushed your buttons, but it was pretty clear he is a serious criminal."
Louise sighed. "Yes, I know your right but I kind of liked the excitement, and he did look after me a couple of times."
"Hmm, but only after you were in those situations because of him." John replied.
"True, but when you had no work, that job kept our mortgage and bills paid, and well." She replied.
"That's fair enough, it did save us, so are you still looking to work there?"
"I am not sure, I liked the money and the adventure, but it all depends on what the new management have in mind, I think I will head over and see what they have to say." She replied.
"Well, you know I am heading out in an hour so cannot drive you and I am picking up Mike, and you know you do not need to bring in that money now that I have my new role." John replied.
"Not a problem its only a briefing and its 3pm not midnight so will be safe, and I can just park in the main industrial estate. As for money thanks, but I need to earn my own too".
"Ok I understand, well keep me posted if anything changes and if you need me just text or call."
"I will." She replied.
An hour later and John headed out he had joined some photography club and was off on some trip to shoot seascapes, sounded boring to Louise though she loved the coast, and he was making new friends. Mike who he was picking up seemed like a nice guy from what John had said though John had hinted at more erotic photography going on than landscapes as Mikes main interest. Louise wondered how long it would be before John asked her to pose for the club, hopefully none of them had been to the club she thought.
As the house fell quiet Lousie pondered what to wear, whilst it was only a briefing, she still wanted to keep the possibility of work open and needed to impress whoever this new management was. After the usual run through of half a dozen outfits, she settled on classic white blouse, dark grey pencil skirt. Underneath she wore a pair of hold up black stockings, a tiny black sheer thong that was completely transparent and allowed her lips and piercing to be clearly seen and a half cup black bra that her nipples just sat visible in whilst it gave her great cleavage. She had also changed her piercing to a large banana belle piercing with large titanium balls at each end which accentuated her pussy and drew the eye, it also felt good on her clitoris if rubbed.
She opted for light but striking makeup, she did not want to look too obvious, sexy secretary not cheap whore was her goal, a quick check of the mirror confirmed she was happy with her look. Louise threw on some smart black heels, grabbed her keys and headed out to the car.
Twenty minutes later and she was pulling into the industrial estate, the place felt very different this time of day as the thrill of the night was lost. Couples where walking into bathroom showrooms and loads of trades people were heading in and out of the estate for supplies, how the night changed a place Louise thought. She pulled up 50 yards from the entrance and away from the garage; just in case any of the mechanics working there recognised her and wanted a repeat of her earlier performance when she had last had to visit them.
It was nearly 3pm as she locked up and headed over to the club, the front door was unlocked, and she recognised the house security team as she stepped into the foyer. They clocked her and grinned, she had been fucked by at least two of them, as she walked past them, she saw around a dozen staff milling around in the main bar area of the club. As she looked around, she recognised the bar staff, more security, and a few of the girls, there were a few she did not recognise but guessed there was constant turnover.
As they waited, she listened to the chatter 90% of it appeared to be in Albanian as she did not recognise a word but did recognise the same accent as the security team and Nicolai. Suddenly the group went quiet and looked towards the stairs, Louise followed the groups eyes as a tall man appeared on the main stairs.
Louise took a double take, he looked very similar to Nicolai but was even taller and very heavily muscled with thick stubble, swarthy skin and the same striking eyes. However he somehow had an air of ruthlessness about him, Louise felt herself shiver in his presence, he wore a dark well-cut suit with a fitted waistcoat and smart black leather shoes.
He walked through the group to the raised VIP area next to the bar and turned to the group and spoke.
"For those of you who have not already met me, I am Rudaj, my brother Nicolai is currently away and whilst he is away, I shall be running the club. There are going to be some changes, but if you want to work you are all very welcome." He paused before starting again.
"You all know Marco he will be managing front of house, security and the bar, please will those staff all go with Marco for a brief on our new operations and times. Our special ladies please join me, and I will discuss what we are doing with the club and your role."
He paused again as the groups split and the escorts joined him in the VIP area, perching on various seats or leaning against the edge of the raised pole area. Louise found a seat and sat next to one of the girls. Once they were all settled, Rudaj spoke.
"Nicolai has been detained for we think 6 months, so whilst he is finishing his time away, I shall be making a few changes." He had their full attention as the women wondered what was going to happen to each of their jobs.
"I need reliable people and I know from checking our records there are twelve girls on the books, however only eight are here, so those girls are not reliable and no longer work here, if you fail to show when called you do not have a job again, is that clear."
The women nodded, already sensing this man was far less lenient than Nicolai. He spoke again. "The club has been doing ok but it can do far more, so as well as the private room specials that you have all done, we shall be doing theme nights,"
A few of the girls looked confused. He laughed and continued. "By theme nights I mean a few things, twice a month we will be holding what is known as Greedy girl nights. They already exist in other sex clubs, but they rely on members of the public to be the greedy girls, this is not sexy and usually these women are not what we need."
Louise was not sure what a greedy girl was other than the ones she had seen outside fast-food chains. Rudaj saw her and a few others lack understanding.
"For those not familiar with Greedy girls, a group of you; minimum two girls, maximum eight girls will entertain any men who choose to come to the event. Typically, we expect fifty to a hundred men at these events, they will pay £50 to attend and a further £100 to join in. The model is simple once the men see you all they will pay the extra to play with you." He stopped as he gauged the women's reaction.
Louise was doing the maths in her head, if there were a hundred men she would have to fuck up to twelve men if all eight girls were working, but if it was only two of them that was fifty men each. His plan was crazy, she was about to get up when he spoke.
"Men will pay for the craziness of this event, and you will be paid well, obviously the club has to cover its costs and make a good profit, however anyone working the greedy girls' nights will receive £50 for each man she fucks." As the numbers sank in Louise realised, she could make up to £2500 in a single night, could she take on fifty men though she wondered? She felt her pussy getting wet at the thought of such a depraved challenge.
Rudaj spoke again. "In addition to the greedy girl's night we will be introducing a couples only night, many couples want to play with each other and with single girls, you will be the single girls as we cannot rely on random single girls, you will be paid £100 for each couple you host and can expect to service at least four couples a night. In addition, we will still hold the normal open to all events where the club will act like a normal club where you can get clients up to the rooms for private entertainment. Any questions?"
A short blonde that Louise did not recognise spoke in a thickly accented voice. "Will we have to do these Greedy girls' events?"
Rudaj spoke. "Liliana as you are my cousin, no you may if you choose not to, not do the greedy girls' nights, the rest of you will not always be needed but you will be expected to do at least one of the four events every two months. Is that clear?"
Liliana nodded as did the rest of the group, Louise found herself also nodding wondering what kind of man Rudaj really was.
"Right, tonight is a normal club night and I expect to see those I have already spoken to, to be on tonight, the rest of you please watch your emails and texts as usual. Louise, I need to speak to you now, please come with me." Rudaj got up and headed towards the stairs as Louise quickly stood up and followed him, wondering what he needed to talk to her about. As they headed up the stairs Louise also pondered what she had just learned and how on earth was she going to explain to John that she might be getting gangbanged by up to fifty men twice a month.
As they approached the end of the corridor, Rudaj held open the door inviting her to step through, once inside she noted the familiar lay out of the room, the large desk and the bare wall where she had been photographed so many months ago. Rudaj stepped behind his desk and sat, Louise was left standing in front of him.
He ran his eyes over her, clearly giving her body a detailed appraisal, Louise enjoyed his gaze as it gave her a thrill being viewed by this strange powerful man. After a moment he spoke.
"I need you to do me a special favour Louise."
Louise thought here we go what perversion does he want? He continued. "I need you to deliver something for me, my young brother Nicolai has been caught breaking some of your countries laws and is now in prison." He paused letting what he had just said sink in.
Louise was shocked she had assumed he was back in Albania. Rudaj continued. "I can see you are surprised, and I know Nicolai liked you a lot, you were his favourite whore. Now I need you to take this into Prison and give it to him." As he spoke, he held up a tiny square of plastic.
"This is a micro-Sim card, he already has a phone inside, but this card will allow us to talk without him being listened into. So will you do this for us Louise?"
Louise was flabbergasted, this was serious stuff, what if she was caught, would she also be convicted for links to serious crime. How would she even do it, prison searches were thorough these days she thought, it was always being covered on the news. "How would I do it, and why will they let me see him?"
Rudaj spoke. "You will be listed as his lawyer; it will be a standard meeting where you will be looking at his appeal and therefore entitled to meet with him to discuss his appeal case. Now pass me one of your heels."
Louise bent removed her heels and passed him one, she watched as he teased up the liner inside the shoe and slipped the tiny card under the liner and pressed it back down. "Now try it on, you should not be able to feel it, once through the security you will need to find a way to remove it and pass it to Nicolai, I leave that up to you, but it is very important he receives it."
Louise nodded as he finished and put her heels back on. As she straightened up, he spoke again. "Now I can see why Nicolai thought so much of you, you look very professional, but I can see you are very beautiful and from what I have seen you are also a very good whore."
Louise blushed as he mentioned what he had seen. "Yes, I have seen films of you fuck many times; Louise you are an accomplished slut. Now take off your clothes."
Louise hesitated; he raised his voice. "Do as I say whore!"
She started to unbutton her blouse as he looked at her, peeling it off her shoulders she let it fall to the floor, he raised his hand and indicated for her to remove her skirt. She swiftly unzipped it and smoothed it down over her hips, letting it fall to the floor pooling around her ankles. She stepped out of the skirt and reached behind herself to undo her bra, her nipples already swelling, he continued to gaze at her, she assumed he had looked at a lot of women like this, just whores that earned money for him in his eyes.
He had a hungry look in his eyes as she stood in only her heels, hold ups and thong, her cunt forming a visible damp patch at the front, she felt the hot wet slickness forming between her lips from his gaze.
He spoke. "Turn around and remove your thong,"
Louise knew what he really wanted, she turned slipped her thumbs into the tiny thongs waist band and slowly eased it down. As she pulled it down over her hips the crotch held for a second as a clear line of pussy juice ran from her lips to the crotch of thong. If he had been in any doubt, it was clear now that this woman was highly aroused at her exposure to him. As she slid the thong further down her legs, she bent over slightly parting her legs allowing him an unobstructed view of her soaking cunt.
She heard him growl as she released the thong, which fell to the floor as she stood up straight, her legs slightly parted. She stood still facing away from him allowing him to enjoy her body and enjoying not knowing what he was doing. She heard movement and then sensed him moving from behind his desk, his presence felt overpowering as he towered over her.
He placed a hand on the small of her back and pushed her towards the bare brick wall at the back of the office. She stepped forward until she was a foot from the wall, as she looked at the wall, she noted two new additions, just above head height there were now two metal rings sunk into the wall a few feet apart.
She kept looking forward as she felt something soft being looped around her left and then her right wrist, the loops tightened and then out of the side of her eyes she saw each wrist pulled taught as the leather cinches around her wrists where clipped onto the rings. Her arms now suspended out in a crucifix pose both slightly higher than her head and at full width, exposing her to anyone that wished to play with her.
Rudaj stepped back and removed his jacket before unzipping his trousers and pulling out a large thick cock that was growing rapidly as he looked at the naked woman spread before him. Stepping forward he kicked her legs wider apart and moved behind her.
Louise now sensed him against her and pushed her bottom back to meet him, she felt a thick hot hard erection press between her legs, he was huge and very hard, she moaned at what was to come. A large hand now gripped her throat and began to squeeze, pushing her forward her nipples grazed the rough wall arousing her further. As he gripped her throat, he used his other hand to guide the head of his thick erection to her slick hole.
She was soaking as he moved his shaft, he could feel her wet heat dripping over his cockhead and mixing with his own pre cum. He pushed upwards and as he moved into her was amazed at her tightness it was rare that whores where this tight, he thought as he drove his cock further into her. He now released his grip on his cock as he was now inside of her and transferred his hand to her hip, as he continued to choke her, he pulled back on her hips, driving deep into her cunt.
She gasped as he plunged into her and began to fuck her, her moans increased as she suffered under his treatment, further aroused at his complete dominance over her. She had enjoyed Nicolai, but his brother was a very good fuck too, he played with her for several minutes, edging her levels of arousal ever upwards as he fucked her harder and faster, not relenting for a moment when she came on his cock, her muscles milking his erection in a vice like grip.
He started to become even harder as his cock became a blur in her hole, she felt him expand and then pulse, thick streams of cum now shooting into her bare cunt driving her over the edge once more. As he withdrew, she collapsed panting into the leather strops, her pierced nipples rubbing against the bare brick as she gasped for breath.
He released her wrists, and as she rubbed them and collected her underwear he spoke. "Watch you emails as we expect to get you into the prison this week and we cannot miss the opportunity. You may go now and Louise."
"Yes?" she replied.
"You are a good fuck; your husband is a very lucky man, you are a rare creature, you can earn a lot here, I look forward to seeing you at the first Greedy Girls event."
As she left his office, she wondered why he had brought up her husband, she also knew he was playing with her by mentioning the Greedy Girls event and her husband, a topic she was not looking forward to broaching with John.
As she left the club and headed to her car she pondered the last hour. She had gone assuming there would be some new manager, but not that the club was turning into a full sex club or that she would be asked to both do organised gang bangs or potentially break the law. Never a dull moment she thought as she turned the ignition and headed home.
Louise pulled into their road, as she approached their house she noticed a large dark grey BMW behind her, as she pulled into the drive it followed her and parked up. As she wondered who this was the car doors opened and three men stepped out, she recognised DCI Thorne at once, with him where two heavily built uniformed officers.
What the hell did they want with her, she could do without this she thought, she checked her clothes, opened the door and headed to the front door, her keys already in hand. "Afternoon Louise".
She turned and replied. "Hello DCI Thorne, is there a problem?"
"I suggest we go inside and talk, I would not want to get your neighbours too excited."
Louise opened the door and headed to the kitchen as the men followed her.
"Coffee?" She asked placing her keys and smart phone on the kitchen work top noting there were no new messages.
"No thanks, this should not take long, my colleagues are Sgts Black and Graves." Thorne replied.
He continued. "We have not had a chat for awhile so I thought we should get reacquainted, you have been a busy girl, I see you were back at the club today, anything we should know?"
"No, nothing special, they are just reopening the club as it has new management." She replied.
"Louise, we know all this, and obviously we know Nicolai is in remand for being involved with sex trafficking and illegal migration, the links are tenuous, but we hope 6 months inside might allow us to uncover more of his network. Now are you sure they have not asked you to do anything?" He asked his voice now stern.
Louise pondered her response, if she told them she could be in serious trouble with the Rudaj and the Albanians, but if she did not, she might be in even more trouble with the Police. "I will let you know if they ask me to do anything." She replied.
"Louise, you will of course forgive me if I say I do not believe you, we know Nicolai was close to you and we know Rudaj is aware of that so will use you to get information to him. So, I am afraid my colleagues here will have to search you for any materials you may have been given. So, I will ask again, have you been given anything to pass to him?"
"No, I do not have anything, and you do not have permission to search me, now please leave." She replied.
"Ok so you want it like this. Cuff her boys."
Louise went to step back as the two Sgts approached her, any struggle was futile the two men where huge and had her cuffed in seconds.
Black Spoke. "Where do you want her boss?"
"Take her through to the living room and pull the curtains we do not need any unwanted viewers." Thorne replied.
Louise wondered what the hell they thought they were doing as she was pushed forward into the living room and stood in front of the sofa the two men holding her tightly, an armchair across the room faced them which Thorne now settled into.
"Right give her body a thorough search boys, let's see what she has." As Thorne spoke, she noticed him eyeing her in an altogether unprofessional manner.
The two officers clearly had no intention of doing this by the book as her blouse was ripped apart, the two men grinning as her half cup bra became visible with her semi hard pierced nipples now visible as her Blouse opened. Thorne watched hungrily as the men fumbled with the zip at the back of her skirt, swiftly drawing it down and removing it.
A cursory pretence was made of searching the small pocket at the waist and around the hem as if she had concealed something there. Graves pulled out a knife and cut the arms of her Blouse allowing it to be removed without uncuffing her.
"And the Bra boys, watch those nipples they might have your eye out." Thorne laughed.
Graves sliced through her bra and again pretended to search it before discarding it, Louise despite the situation now found herself incredibly aroused. Being exposed and cuffed by these men as they handled her, was turning her on and she could not hide it as her nipples were now like bullets.
Black raised an eyebrow, clearly the younger of the officers in his late thirty's and unsure as to what they were doing. Thorne noticed his body language.
"Black do not get shy; Louise here is not some suburban housewife she is a professional whore and has fucked more than all of us. So, rest assured she knows exactly why this is happening. Isn't that right Louise?"
Louise hated herself for it but nodded, even his little speech highlighting the situation she was in had turned her on further.
Graves spoke, "BCS boss?"
"Yes, and be thorough." Thorne replied grinning.
Louise was further humiliated as Graves pulled at her thong, sliding it down over her thighs, yanking it down to the floor, her shaven pierced pussy now on full display to the three men. She was wondering what BCS meant and then it hit her; Body, Cavity, Search, these bastards were going to obviously use it as an excuse to play with her. She should be furious, but the thought almost made her moan out loud.
"Looks like everything is pierced Boss." Graves commented with a now obvious erection tenting in trousers as her clit hood piercing was exposed.
Thorne replied. "Told you boys she is a total slut, and it looks like you wont need any lubricant for the search as she is as usual soaking."
"Spread your legs." Black instructed,
She did as she was told, as Graves bent and slipped his fingers between her legs, she moaned as he worked his fingers back and forth between her lips. Teasing her entrance, she moaned with pleasure.
Graves spoke. "She loves it boss."
"Get her on the edge of the sofa you can do it properly then."
Graves and Black pushed her back onto the sofa, pushing her chest back and spreading her legs wider so Thorne could watch the search continue. Graves was really enjoying himself now as she pushed two then three fingers into Louise and felt around inside her pussy. Louise could see all three men now sporting raging hard erections as she moaned under Graves fingers.
Black was now growing bolder, "let me check her?"
Graves slipped his fingers out and Louise then felt Black begin to explore her, he was openly finger fucking her and she felt her orgasm approach. As her moaning increased Graves spoke,
"Boss she is already full of cum, look at this." He held up his fingers which clearly had thick globules of cum all over them in addition to her juices.
Thorne grunted. "Use her mouth to clean them."
Graves nodded and pushed them into Louises mouth, her tongue greeted them, and she tasted Rudaj and her own juices. Graves noted her hungriness. "Boss we may need specialist kit to search her fully."
Thorne nodded clearly giving them the green light to do what they wanted to her. "Out the way Black." Graves said as he shuffled between her legs.
Louise watched as Black removed his hand from her pussy and Graves unzipped himself a thick erection now visible against his black uniform. Without any delay he pulled her hips forward, the cuffs tightening further on her wrists behind her back as she was moved. With a single push he drove into her, she cried out as he thrust into her and began to plough deeply into her, her cunt stretching around his hard cock, he pulled in her nipple piercing eliciting a mixture of pain and pleasure in her as he fucked her.
He lasted a few minutes before grunting and shooting a heavy load of cum inside her, she felt him pulse for several minutes until his balls were empty. He slipped out of her and pulled her up, guiding her mouth to his cock, she opened wide and cleaned him, licking over his head and then sucking to remove all the remaining juices on his cock.
He then pushed her back having used her to clean his cock, pushing it back into his trousers he zipped up. Black now decided it was his turn, but instead of simply diving straight into her, he pulled her up and turned her over, she was now kneeling with her ass in the air and head pushed down into the sofa cushions.
Thorne was now openly wanking as he watched his officer's toy with Louise. She grunted as she felt a fresh erection being pushed into her cunt, Black was not as thick as Graves, but he was long, fuck he was nearly at her cervix. He began rhythmically fucking her and teasing her, his hand pushing her down firmly, clearly enjoying dominating her, his confidence now growing among his colleagues.
Black turned to Graves "What a fucking whore, get some shots, I want to remember this."
Graves pulled out a small camera and began snapping away as Black spread her and held her in varying positions with his cock both at her entrance and fully impaled inside her. Louise felt degraded and humiliated and now these bastards had photos of her which she had no idea what they would do with. Black now increased his speed and pumped into her aggressively calling her a fucking whore and a slut as he released a torrent of cum into her soaking cunt. Adding a further thick load to the two already in there.
As he pulled back and wiped himself on the back of her stockings, Graves took the opportunity to take a few more shots, cum clearly running from between her inflamed lips and down her inner thighs, a long white string suspended from her piercing.
Thorne stood up. "Very nice boys but you have not searched all cavities!"
Graves grinned at Black as they both realised Thornes intent. Thorne knelt behind Louise and guided his erection to her used cunt, rubbing the head and shaft between her legs coating it until it was slick. Louise moaned as Thorne now pushed the head of his cock against her ass, keeping pressure he pushed past her resistance and inside her ass, she moaned as he sank into her.
"Dirty bitch loves it." Graves commented. Thorne nodded as he began to fuck her ass roughly, barely allowing Louise to adjust to his invasion. Her senses once more aroused she cried out. "Fuck me properly you bastard."
Thorne responded by gripping her hips and driving himself into her to the hilt, she groaned in pleasure as he treated as she wanted, like a cheap whore. Her reaction spurred him on, he fucked her as hard as he physically could. Graves had got a second wind and kneeled by her head wanking over her face as his boss fucked her ass. As Thorne came in a series of grunts emptying himself inside her ass, Graves pulled her head closer and shot long streams of cum across her face.
As Thorne finished wiping himself on her torn blouse, he stood up and spoke to her. "Where is John Louise?"
Louise caught her breath, before replying, she was still lying face down and dripping the three men's cum from her holes. "He is at some event, should be back by 5pm."
"Perfect, boys bring her back into the kitchen."
The men man handled her up from the sofa and walked her back into the kitchen.
"Cuff her to the kitchen sink so John gets a nice welcome home." Thorne said.
"And pass me her heels."
Louise suddenly wondered if she had been played. She watched as Thorne stood directly in front of her as her arms were taken from behind her back and re cuffed around the sink unit, her bare bottom and pussy on full display to anyone coming through the front door, sick bastards she thought. Clearly hoping to cause her more trouble with her husband.
Thorne peeled back the liner in her right heel and held up the tiny Sim card. "Well, well the old places are not always the best are they Louise. If you do not wish to find yourself in a cell very shortly, I suggest you listen carefully. We will be providing you with another Sim card tomorrow
which you will deliver to Nicolai, if we think you have told anyone of the Albanians the real nature of this sim card you will be charged. Do you understand?"
Louise nodded, she had been out foxed and fucked by Thorne and his men, for now she needed to play ball.
"Good well we hope you have a lovely evening it has been most enlightening and a pleasure as always." With that Thorne placed the key to the cuffs in front of Louise on the other side of the sink and left.
The men laughing as they left, Louise heard the door go and then the faint sound of their car leave. Fuck she thought things were getting complex and she would have a lot to explain to John, hopefully he would be back soon as he had said around 5pm and the timer on the oven showed 4:50pm.
As she mused her position and options, her phone began to vibrate, she could see the screen, it was John, but she could not reach the phone. The phone went to voicemail and then a text appeared on the screen, in addition to the voicemail notification. She could see the message and read it with horror.
"HOME IN 5 JUST BRINGING MIKE BACK FOR A QUICK BEER."
Louise tried to shift her position, but it was pointless, she was completely displayed to anyone coming through the front door, her pussy began to stir.