After months of my wife and I sharing nude pictures of her online and receiving a lot of steamy messages we decided to push her exhibitionism a little further and see where it might take us.
She'd gotten the attention of a couple of very well-hung younger guys from the website we had joined and was enjoying sharing messages and videos with them back and forth. Our sex life had never been better as she reveled in her newfound self-confidence.
We had gotten lucky last year and were able to sync our holiday time off work so that we got three weeks off together during the peak of summer. We had planned on spending a lot of it at a nice, semi-private beach about 40 minutes from home, not far from a secluded outdoor spot we'd found for taking pictures at.
One evening after dinner my wife slipped into a black g-string and a pink summer dress and we headed out for a drive. When we got to the beach it was after dinner and the day time crowd had thinned out. My wife spread the blanket she'd brought out across the sand and we settled in to watch the sunset. She laid down and spread her legs slightly as the sun-kissed her pale skin and the cool evening breeze playfully lapped the edge of her short dress.
Moments after we'd sat down a group of guys in their early 20s who had been playing frisbee further up the beach found there way down to our spot, skipping stones along the way and throwing the frisbee back and forth. A few of them casually eyed my wife's milky thighs as she laid face down on our beach blanket. We both got a kick out of the attention and after they passed us my wife decided to take a dip in the water.
She pulled the skirt of her dress up and tied it off in a knot in front of her stomach, revealing her thick, pale nude ass and black g-string. I sat on the blanket and watched as the group of guys stopped their game not far from us and watched my semi-naked wife reach the water's edge and dip her small painted toes in the lake. She cooed and giggled with surprise at the cool temperature of the water. I started to flush with excitement and lust knowing the group of guys was turned on watching my wife walk out into the water, her bare ass beginning to disappear beneath the surface.
She bobbed in the water for a moment or two before turning around and heading back towards our spot. Her nipples were hard like little stones protruding from her dress and as she left the water her wet thong clung to her mound revealing the perfect shape of her pussy lips.
After my wife's display, the group of guys returned to their original spot further down the beach and began building a fire in the blue twilight after sundown. With it beginning to get dark and now excited to make each other cum thinking about our evening at the beach we decided to pack up and head home. I gathered our bag and the shells we had collected from the shoreline and walked to our car to pack them away as my wife dusted the dry sand off her body and folded our beach blanket back at our spot.
As I turned and headed back to the beach I saw one of the 20 something-year-old guys talking to my wife. They exchanged a few words before he turned in my direction and nodded at me then casually walked back to his circle of friends who now had a good fire going.
"What did he say to you," I asked. My wife was smiling.
"He asked if you were my husband," she said.
"And?" I said. She giggled softly.
"And I said you are. Then he told me his friends think I'm 'pretty foxy'. His words," she said, still smiling.
"Well, I tend to agree," I said playfully.
"You'd better agree!" she said, before adding, "and he asked if he could give me his phone number. He said I didn't have to do anything with it, cause I'm married. His friends had put him up to it and he just didn't want to let them down."
"So you going to give him a call," I teased.
My wife burst into laughter. "I just might," she said playfully. "He seemed like a nice guy. Now come on, it's getting chilly."
"You go-ahead to the car, I'll be right there," I said.
I walked the fifty or so feet to where the group of guys was sitting around their fire. Their rowdiness and laughter grew quiet as I approached and the few with their backs to me turned to face me. I said hello and introduced myself by my first name. A few of the more boisterous ones said hello back. The one who had spoken with my wife was sitting across the fire and I asked him his name.
"Chase," he said.
"Come with me for a minute, Chase," I said. His group let out a low, unanimous, "oooooh," with one or two of them throwing in an, "Oh shit."
"Chase is in for it," one of them said, laughing.
Chase and I walked down the beach in the dark towards the path leading back to my car.
"You find my wife attractive, Chase?" I asked.
"She's a looker, man," he said.
"Would you like to play with her tits?"
He stopped walking and turned to face me.
"I'm not fucking with you," I said. "I'm serious. Do you want to play with my wife a little? I'm sure she'd like to play with you a little." I smiled.
"Alright," he said. We continued walking towards the car.
When we reached it my wife was sitting in the passenger seat with the window down. I leaned on the open window and thumbed to my left. "This is Chase," I said to her.
"Chase, this is Betty."
"Hello," he said. He reached out his hand and she shook it.
"Chase said he thinks you're pretty attractive honey, said he'd like to see your tits. He's already seen most of the rest."
My wife looked at me for a moment, smiling subtly. She looked up at Chase and reached down, grabbing the sides of her dress and pulled it off, exposing her pale bare breasts to the cool night air. Her nipples were fully erect.
"Go ahead," she said. "It's okay, isn't it honey?"
"It's fine," I said, smiling.
Chase reached his hand in the open window and cupped my wife's left breast. He squeezed a little and moved it in small circles, letting her nipple brush between his fingers. She closed her eyes and inhaled, still smiling.
"Is it alright if I touch you," she asked.
"Yes ma'am," he said.
She opened her eyes and raised her hand, opening the car door. Chase stood in front of her as she raised her hands to his waist and began to undo his belt. She made quick work of his fly and reaching his sides she grabbed his jeans and pulled them down halfway to his knees.
His hardening cock twitched as it grew, inches from her face. My wife smiled and watched as it quickly became fully engorged.
"You've got a nice cock," she said. "Good size."
Chase laughed breathily and my wife wrapped her hand around his throbbing member. She ran her hand up and down his shaft and rubbed its head with her fingertips. The end of it glinted with precum in the moonlight. She lifted her other hand and cupped his balls as she wrapped the other around his shaft and squeezed, admiring its youthful firmness.
She began to jerk his cock from the passenger seat of the car as I stood and watched, my own cock a rock hard bar battering the front of my shorts. His breath quickly accelerated and within a moment his body was bucking from the pleasure of my wife's soft hand on his young, throbbing cock. She let out a sensual little coo as she felt his urethra swell in her hand and in anticipation of his imminently pending orgasm he leaned her face and chest in towards Chase's swollen cock.
He went silent momentarily before letting out a long loud groan as he emptied himself all over my wife's lips, chin, and tits. Cum shot from him in multiple long spurts as he twitched and bucked at her face. She leaned in further and rubbed the slick head of his cock in circles on her cum covered cheek which caused him to moan in almost unbearably intense pleasure. This made her smile.
"Mmmmm, thank you, Chase," she said. "That was wonderful. She cupped his cock in her hand for one last feel as she dragged her palm across the underside of it, her fingers wrapping around the side.
"Thank you, ma'am," he said. He bent and pulled his pants up.
"Betty," she said, slipping her dress back over her head.
"Thanks, Betty," he said. He smiled at her before turning towards me.
"Glad you enjoyed yourself, Chase. I know my wife did."
"I sure did," he said.
"Good. Enjoy your night. Maybe we'll see you down here again some time," I said.
"Yep, maybe." He smiled again at Betty.
"Night Chase. See you later," she said. Her legs were spread, revealing her pussy in the moonlight. She lifted her leg into the car and closed the door.
"Goodnight," he said. He turned to the beach and headed towards the loud chatter of his friends and the bonfire.
My wife and I chatted sparsely on the drive home that night. Mostly we both just silently went over in our own minds what had happened, preserving the memories and moment as best we could. My wife wore a smile the whole way home.
When we arrived home awhile later and got in the house I stripped my wife's dress and g string off and I fucked her over the couch in the front room. I couldn't even contain myself until we got to the bedroom upstairs, nor long enough for her to shower. She was still sticky with the cum of that hot young guy who had cum all over her mouth and tits at the beach earlier. She moaned from the ecstasy of the evening and I had the most powerful orgasm I'd ever yet had as I pulled out and came all over my wife's already sticky, cum covered chin and chest. She grabbed my shaft and pulled me closer before rubbing my sticky head in circles on her cheek.
Shortly afterwards we showered together and went to bed, our heads barely hitting the pillows before we drifted off in sweet, satisfying sleep. The next morning my wife was in an exceptionally good mood and we giggled happily as we chatted about the previous night's shenanigans. That was a year ago now and things have only gotten better from there.