Late evening after Elliot Needy's airport departure flight...
Having slept off most of her day due to muscle relaxers Margo could only lay around weeping at the loss of her son Elliot. She knew he would come home again but this was her first ever moment of complete solitude that did not last longer than eight hours. Elliot would always return home from school or hanging out with friends each day. Now that return would be in six months. Would she go mad in that time? It felt as if she might. Of course, she would have new roommates moving in to help contain her sanity. She hoped. To be frank that was all she had to hold on to. Her finances depleted all she had was paid off property, but even then, if she could not pay the taxes going forward even that was in jeopardy. Selling was not in the cards. She believed in miracles. As long as the boys paid rent, she could keep the power and water on, and feed herself. Thank God, Elliot's schooling was paid for by grants. At least for the six-month trial. If his grades were exemplary then he could move on up the ladder, if not he would come home and deal with the same headaches as his mother. Margo's on that subject ending she changed her tune.
"I can't stop thinking about that truck ride. Their hands were all over me. If I had allowed it, they might have stripped me naked right in front of my son. I was so very close on the way home. Who am I kidding, I was naked. My dress was unzipped, skirt up over my waist, my breasts were out of my dress if not covered by how I was laying across the console. When I peed, I gave up my G-string on purpose so that alone encouraged them to get bolder. Yes, my own fault, but I just could not control myself in the moment. Darryl would have been so proud that I went as far as I did. They think I didn't know but Cabot and Eric actually had their dicks out under my ass. Skin on skin is impossible not to notice. Did I give away that I felt them throbbing under me? If not for Elliot, I think I'd have masturbated in front of all five boys. That would have gone over deliciously."
Margo Needy lay in bed using her vibrator for the last two awakening hours. She just could not stop torturing herself intimately. Elliot's four friends plus one more were too handsome to ignore. Teasing was becoming far too easy. She wanted their attentions badly, at the same time fearing the long-term outcome. This whole living together thing was going to be amazing, yet terrifying. Once she fed on them, they her, there would be no stopping. Margo Needy wasn't certain she wanted to stop. Before, when her husband Darryl was alive, she was a sexual beast at his command. Now with him gone, her life and appetite were her own. She was ready to fuck the world. Her last name said it all, Margo was very needy.
"Come to Margo... Cabot... Brian... Heath... Eric... I can't forget you, Jeffrey. Join us! Yessssssssss." Gusher after gusher... orgasm after orgasm... scream after scream. Not a soul to hear. DAMMIT! She needed to feel closer to them but how? She found herself tempted to call them as they had her yet knew that would be too obvious. In the beginning there needed to be a certain reality before allowing fantasy to rule them, she included.
"Brian's brother Jeff stood by outside the truck as I peed on the interstate. He kept my panties after I waved them away. That had to have tipped the boys off that I was extremely turned on by them." More moans escalate through an already hoarse throat. Her toy dipping deep and sensually as Brian fucked her in her visions. A strange turn in images found his brother Jeff grabbing her after she had just urinated along the highway and slammed her against his brother's truck, taking her from behind as vehicles in passing observed his heroic act of forcefulness. That scene alone sent her body into another round of convulsions. The night was young.
"Jeff groped me when I was dropped off at home. All of the boys noticed that. Surely, I gave them thoughts on claiming my body as theirs. Oh Darryl... what have I started?" Her call out to her late husband's ghost should he be near made her shiver with delight. She firmly believed her husband was watching over her every move. "I want them to respect me, yet I ...want them all as lovers too. Is that even possible? Can we all exist as a family and enjoy each other? I want to say yes but, will it get... out of hand?" She hoped so deep down. Truthfully, Margo Needy wanted them to be ravenous. Six long months of passion and overpowering destruction, the very same actions her husband supplied her with.
"I wonder what the boys are doing now. I so wonder if they are doing what I am doing. Touching themselves thinking of me, as I do each of them. Surely, they must be. Please let them be fantasizing of all of the dirty little things they want of me." Two dildos at once Margo tore her butthole up right alongside her cunt. "Pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaase! Let me please them."
********
9:45 PM in the town of Wildwood, Pennsylvania.
"That's right Mrs. Needy you just take my big ole' cock up that tight lil' ass." Indeed, this very moment she was. Great behinds think alike! "Oooo, yeah! That mushroom is having troubles getting in there. Too bad I'm not giving up on it, you just lay there screaming and digging those nails into your mattress."
Brian Hancock was the darker side of the quartet. Zac Efron as if on steroids, the former High School bad boy knew how to play hard. Even in his dreams, fantasies. After a lengthy discussion over the truck ride to Philly and back, he and his friends talked about nothing but Margo Needy and their lust for her. He just knew they were going to tag the MILF as he was doing right here and now in the privacy of his own bed. No mere fantasy he prodded himself, this dream was destiny. Thank goodness his mother was at work so he could be as loud as he wanted. It was going to be good to have his own place once he moved to the CoUNTry.
"There it's in. Good job MILF. You took it like a pro. You like my cock, don't you? Let me pry these twerkers wider so I can see how full I'm stretching that pucker. Hell yes! Thing of beauty. Not talking about you but you're welcome." He laughs arrogantly. "Deeper? Words to my ears Momma Needy." He dry humps his bed just for kicks then returns to jerking off in mad fashion. Brian Hancock had a load awaiting the hot ass landlady. One of thousands if he had his way.
Across town, his brother Jeff stood in his shower masturbating just the same. What little he had experienced with Margo Needy was enough to storm his own set of torment. Jerking off under the hot cascade of mini-Niagara all he could picture was taking Margo Needy from behind, her hair in his hand. Strangely, it had also crossed his mind as it did Margo of fucking her along the highway against Brian's fender well. A shared fantasy mere moments apart if the timetable was calculated to perfection. Fender well! Fender well! Fender well! Slam! Bam! Thank ya Ma'am!
"I gotta get in on this game. Those lucky sons-o-bitches. I'm not going to be left out on tagging that hot bitch. Someday soon Mrs. N. Someday soon." He would jerk off three times before a final beer of the night and stained sheets.
********
Eight blocks away from both Hancock brothers, Heath Talbot could not stop picturing Margo's massive 40D's in all of their silicone lifted poise. He had long been imagining the road trip while they were treating her to a massage. At this very second, he was rubbing her shoulders guiding her straps ever so slowly down her upper arms. Dreamy mocha colored flesh revealing inch by inch as his boys worked their own magic on her legs. Her dress was not hiding much.
Chuckling to himself he leered over his shoulder at a slumbering Elliot, his head on the trucks window asleep. "We're gonna fuck your mommy, Elliot. You okay with that? As if we care what you think. You just stay asleep Bro." The fantasy was vivid. A shame that even Elliot's drool was a part of it all.
"Let's just get those hooters out once and for all and see how you react." He mentally tells Margo as her body falls limp to everyone's massages. She was in a zone from her muscle relaxers and in a sense uncaring as they drew closer and closer to touching the good stuff. All Heath knew was he could hear her soft moans. Margo's eyes closed to the world at the time, her expressions begging for release. Within Heath's fantasy he managed her dress down over her tits for a full-on party fest view, imagining a proud moment of achievement toward his fellow massagers. Cabot with his fingers up under her short skirt had reached her panties while grinning at his own success, nodding his approval at Margo's stunning high pitch nipples.
Eric and Jeff in their own hands found Margo putty and purring. Uncaring if her son woke up or not. All they knew was the woman was smiling as she lay there over their laps. Heath had his visions down to a science. Daring to reach around Margo he squeezes her breasts, her head falling back against his shoulder, her hair's scent vivid to his fantasy.
"You found them." Heath envisions her whisper as he gropes her chest.
"God, I love these titties."
"They love you Mister Talbot." Her voice was so authentic in his mind. Oddly, he shivered replacing Mister with Master. Where did that come from? Grinning he chuckled, "I'll keep that in mind." A guy could dream. "You want us, don't you?"
"Of course. I've always wanted you boys. Since the very first day Elliot introduced us."
"Hear that, guys?" Heath prods his buddies as if reality.
"Fuck yes." Eric Crowe smugly lifts her feet up and sucks her toes. From the front seat Jeff Hancock does the same with her opposite foot, prying her legs wide between the two. Legs of athletic beauty, muscularly toned and dedicated to all eyes.
Heath continues his fantasy by kissing her neck and whispering, "What if Elliot wakes up?"
"Do any of you care if he does?" Margo sighs at Heath's lips nuzzling her ear. "I know I don't."
"Fuck no."
"Then, neither shall I. Please continue." Her voice was so real.
Heath tilts her face enough to plant a kiss on her lips. She stole his breath instantly, feeding on his mouth like a starving child. So very real. Heath imagines a good long passionate lip lock. Steamy as all get out. Feeling her body tense in his grasp, he pictures looking down to see Cabot peeling her panties aside and fingering her perfect pussy, a thumb agitating her clitoris.
"Yessss. Don't stop." Heath hears her speak into his mouth. Heath was destroying his cock under the visions he was creating. Seconds later he would explode only to start over from scratch. She was more than willing to add to his sexual dreams. It became so very vivid that he pictured Cabot removing her G-string and Heath stuffing it into Elliot's mouth to shut up his snoring. Odd how even that image made Heath Talbot even more invested.
********
Four blocks from Heath's family home...
"She sat on my cock and didn't even let on. Was she being polite or fucking naïve?" Eric Crowe sat at his computer desk nursing an erection slowly. For ten minutes now he imagined her sitting on his lap with his bare cock under her, skin on skin. "No way she didn't notice me or Cabot. Hot skin on hot skin got sticky. She fucking knew. Heck yea! Do we call her out?" He knew the deal that Cabot had made them all abide. For now he would just enjoy his own juicy reality. He really wanted to text her. Should he? No! He had to work at the movie theater in the morning. Enough was enough. Eric like Cabot had a level head. Head? "Yeah, I'll let you suck me off one more time Margo. Go for it!" This nut in bed knocked him out. "Thanks, Margo!" was his final thought.
********
Seven miles out...
"Mmmm!" Margo held her Hitachi wand directly over her clit, having stretched her pinkness taunt for the most miraculous effect. Both legs in the air with her feet pointed out as if back rudders on an airplane. "I love you boys. So very much. Hold me down and kiss me everywhere. Show me you want me in your lives. Mmmm! I wish you were really here." Refusal to end her intimate torture led to another hour of two toys at work in synch. Between her wand and a thick lifelike dildo, she demanded punishment. Over and over again she convulsed lowering her toys to cope which fell into roaming her body with trembling hands. Switching positions, she began again. Her batteries were getting low.
"Someone call meeeee!" She begged, "Text me. Even if it's to say goodnight." Her feet thrashed about as she moaned. In her lasting tremors at an overflowing gusher, she drops flat on to her belly and lays there unable to process her thoughts. Finally, her cell pinged from a text. Rolling to her side she reaches over her mattress to snatch it up, blowing her brown locks from her vision to read it.
"Which one of my boys?" She flares her eyes, "Oh my God! Elliot!!" Setting up in her puddled sheets she uses both hands to text back to his simple, "Night Mom. Love you."
"Skype with me." She pleads via texting. "I need to see my handsome boy."
"Can't." He returns, "Mom? It's 4:05 AM. I just woke up from a nap. Took 8 hours to get here and another two hours to check in at the school. I really needed sleep to kill my hangover. I have four roommates. What is it about that number? LOL! Nobody speaks English but me. Well, one guy he's Egyptian. Farouk, I think his name is, I'm just going to call him Fuck."
"Call me then. I need to hear your voice."
"Everyone's sleeping. Our beds are really close in this tiny room."
She has a mental breakdown squirming into a maddening sprawl over her soaked bedding. "ELLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOT!" She lets the house hear, mice obviously scurrying into hiding.
"Let me get settled here in Paris good before we talk or skype. I know it's late there. How was the ride home?" He writes.
"I LET YOUR BUDDIES PAW ME UP." She yells tugging her hair, "Dammit Elliot."
"The guys treat you good?"
"GOD, YES!" She belts out covering her face in her long hair hiding her shameless grin. Instead of typing back her first reply she adds, "They were... gentlemen."
"Awesome. When are they moving in?"
"I'm not certain. I requested a day to cry my eyes out before they do."
"Aw, Mom! Don't cry. It's only six months. Of course, if my grades are excellent, I'm sure my offer might extend elsewhere."
"We cross that body of water when you prove yourself to them. Send me a selfie."
"Only if you do."
"Of course."
She awaits a few minutes before receiving a photo and opens it. In the picture Elliot blew her a kiss. Behind him stood a half-asleep Egyptian boy of similar age looking bewildered by Elliot's actions.
"A kiss. Aww!" She rolls over on her belly and types, "Your friend Fuck is awake."
"LOL! I just realized. He got up to use the restroom. His bed is next to mine. Your turn mom."
Primping her hair, a bit she poises her cell above her and snaps a pic also blowing him a kiss. Without a thought she sends it off. Three minutes later Elliot replies.
"Mom!! I can see your butt crack in the picture. What's that big microphone lying next to you?" As if he didn't know. He was being polite. Unusual for him, he was normally as arrogant as they come.
"WHAT?!!" She pulls her picture up and sees the crack of her ass perfectly dipping between her heart shaped cheeks. Sure, enough her wand was touching her hip. Defeated by her tired nature she giggles, "Just like by the pool. Maybe I am naïve." In response she writes, "You were not meant to see that young man."
"Fuck saw it too. I just showed him your picture. He thinks you're my girlfriend. LOL!"
"UGGGGGGGGGGH! Why me?" She drops her face into her mattress. Laughing about it, she types back, "Why would you show him that picture knowing my ass is in it?"
"He will never meet you so let him think what he wants."
"Ah! So, you're peddling your mother as your girlfriend now?"
"Just for laughs. Don't sweat it mom. I'm not dumb. I know what you just did and I'm cool. Fuck likes your ass though. LOL!"
"OH MY GOD! ELLIOT!!" She fired back. It did make her smile, however. So wrong on every level. Her hormones were just too extreme not to find it thrilling.
"I better go. I love you mom. Fuck says hello."
"Should I send him a selfie just for laughs?" She couldn't resist.
"Sure! Sing into that microphone. LOL!"
"Ohhh, lord!" She shakes her head and sits up amid her mess, snatching her wand up as if a singer. Tilting her head back she dramatizes a picture that captures her bulging cleavage. She went so far as to kiss the rounded crown of the sticky wand, eyes sparkling for her photoshoot. Before sending it she looks the pic over and shivers, "What the hell are you doing Margo? This is your son. A boy he barely knows. I shouldn't..." Off the picture went.
"Fuck just ran for the bathroom. I think he needs to rub one off after seeing your cleavage. LOL!"
"Good night, Elliot. I love you very much." She rolls her eyes and reluctantly severs the texting.
"Night Margo. I miss my girl." He types back with a winking emoji. A final look she sighs and closes out.
"Margo? Oh, my son. You are going to use your own mother as a fake model girlfriend to show off to your friends over there, aren't you? What have I started? Well... I'm glad Fuck liked your girlfriend." She falls back giggling.
********
Brian Hancock kept eying his cell. He himself pondered heavily on calling Margo to say goodnight just to see how she might respond. He wasn't stressed over her emotions anyway. All he wanted was to tease and flirt, regardless of what his friend Cabot had suggested of them. Today in his truck was just too hot to ignore. Even if he hadn't really been given time to enjoy giving her a massage like the others due to driving. At least three times now he was gifted panties to sniff, her dresser drawer, the bonfire, and his truck today. He could still smell her sweet pussy after all these hours.
"Fuck it!"
With one hand stroking a magnificent totem pole, the other looking her number up he dials just to even see if she might answer. He knew she might well be doped up on muscle relaxers and out cold.
"Hello Brian." A soft sensual voice replied. Jerking stopped he sits up against his headboard and suddenly wasn't certain what to say. "Brian?"
"Oh! Hey mom. I thought I'd check in on you before I turned in. Did I wake you?"
"No." Her voice melted his soul.
"I know it's uncharacteristic of me Mrs. Needy, but... well... after the truck ride today I think we all felt badly."
"Why do you feel bad? "She cozies under her candlelight touching herself, fingers rubbing her sensitive clitoris and poising her cell to her ear.
"You know, everyone... got a little carried away massaging you."
"Did I complain?"
"I'm not sure." He scratches his scalp wincing, "You did seem a little confused when we dropped you off earlier. I mean... I know Elliot leaving took a toll on you..."
"It did. I just talked with Elliot."
"You did? So, his plane didn't go down over the Atlantic?"
"No." She sighs, "He made it to Paris just fine. He did text me to say goodnight. We shared selfies."
"Awww! That's nice. He doing alright?"
"I believe so. He shares a room with four other boys. One is Egyptian."
"Sharing a tomb with Tut."
"I suppose. Can you not sleep Brian?"
"Ummm! Trying but not doing so hot. Had to take down a tree." He chuckles faintly, using his occupation as a backdrop to a lie, resuming his grip on his own Sequoia. The bark raw he opted for a swift squirt of lube from a bedside bottle.
"A very big tree?"
"Oh, yeah! Up in the clouds." He bragged.
"Did you know Darryl built Elliot a treehouse?"
"No. Wow! That's cool. Wonder why Einstein never told any of us about that?"
"I think he relished it as his secret place. It required lots of wood, it's quite large."
"I can relate." He hears humming suddenly. "What's that buzzing sound?"
"Perhaps my fan." She had fired up her wand envisioning Brian over her. Whimpers heard make him question her further.
"Loud fan."
"It's very... hot even with my windows open."
"Did I hear a coyote?"
She giggles and shivers, letting out another whimper, "I believe so. Perhaps it is mating season."
"Sounds fun. Hope he gets lucky."
"So do I."
"Wow!"
"Yes?"
"Your voice is so soft right now."
"Should I be louder?"
"No! I mean suit yourself. Be yourself I mean."
"That is what I want of you boys. To be... yourselves. Do not change for me."
"You saw how... felt how all of us were today when we were ourselves. I don't think you grasp what you're expecting." He laughs beating off with a steady pace. His cock felt amazing. Her soft sweet voice was just what the Doctor ordered.
"Your brother grasped the situation quite well."
"He squeezed your tits. I'm shocked you didn't slap him."
"It crossed my mind. It would not have been in an angry way."
"That fan gets louder every few minutes."
"It's because I put you on speaker and sat my cell beside me." She was now introducing her dildo back into her trickling cunt. In and out as the wand tormented her clit ferociously. "Why is it so hot?"
Huffing he puckers to decide upon a flirty response, "I guess the heat follows you around."
"That was sweet."
"Only telling you the truth mom."
"Mom? Do you truly think of me as mom?"
"Not really. You might wash my mouth out with soap if I told you the truth."
"Tell me."
"Naaaa! Better not."
"Tell me Brian. I'm moving my fan closer." The buzzing grew deafeningly louder. He knew.
"Damn! Sounds more like a weed eater on steroids."
"You know that it is not my fan Brian."
"Figured that. No Coyote's either right?"
"I'm masturbating."
"Huh! Funny! So am I." He chuckles then grits his teeth.
"Are you truly?"
"Peelin' the bark off this tree like a pro."
"Because of me?"
"You know it is. You make me rock hard."
"Mmmmm!"
"I can hop in my truck and..."
"Shhhh! Lay back with me Brian."
"Fuck!" He scoots further into his bed and uses both hands, sitting his own cell aside. "I wish I could see you."
"If I did that our living arrangement would be compromised. This is a onetime thing Brian. Enjoy it."
"Seriously? If you finish off screaming, I'm going to want to hear that every day."
"Hearing from behind closed doors I can allow. I cannot go further than this Brian. Do you wish to decide against moving in?"
"OH, FUCK NO! I want to live with you."
"As simple roommates?"
"Yep! I'm good." Anything to keep in her good graces.
"Would you stand outside my bedroom door listening to me cum for hours?"
"Fuck yes!"
"Try peeping through the keyhole just to see me?"
"Ohhh, yeah. That's me, Peepin' Bri the spying guy."
"Would you climb up my home to watch me through my window?"
"Windows wide open right?"
"Yes."
"You object?"
"Not at this moment." She giggles moaning.
"God! I want to see you fuck yourself."
"Video selfie?"
"Oh, fuck yes." He grits his teeth stroking harder than ever, his crown purple and begging to cum.
"If you share it with the others, I will never talk to you again. Evicted!"
"I won't." He would.
"Do not lie to me Brian."
"Totally not." He was.
"Give me a moment to figure out how to do this." She laughs knowing she didn't have three hands. Still, she managed, propping her wand at an angle on her upper thigh, in order to show her dildo moving in and out. The lighting was merely a faint glow, just enough to define her curves and toys. Poising her cell cam high over her she only offers from her hips down. The sensual plunging of her toy made her moan louder, "This feels so good. I miss you. Ohhhh, fuck." Right before her camera Margo gushes around her dildo for a perfect flood.
"Whoa!" He listens intently. "That sounded intense."
"Sending it now."
The wait took forever, after five minutes of listening to Brian grunt and jerk off ferociously she coos, "You sound so savage."
"Still haven't got your video." He breaths heavily.
"Really? It sent." A sudden gasp she squeals, "Nooooooooo!"
"What?"
"I sent it to Elliot." She began frantically crying. "OH, MY GOD! I'M SO STUPID."
A sudden hang up left Brian to pause before a very long gut buster laugh. That shit was priceless. Then he realized that he had been denied the video himself. "Well, shit!" He considered telling his friends to get a good laugh, for some strange reason he decided against it. Pondering the term, bargaining chip, he opted instead to crash. His dick was pretty worn out. Sawing logs now would lead to sawing logs tomorrow alongside his father Bruno.
********
Sitting in horror upon her bed Margo Needy halted her tears and awaited a text from Elliot asking her why she sent him a masturbation video. How would she explain it to him her mistake without his suspicions toward she and his friends becoming a very ugly topic of future conversation? Nothing! For twenty minutes she clung to a pillow held to her chest. Not a peep. Had Elliot gone to sleep?
What of Brian? Had he respected her miscalculation and just let things go? It was certainly unlike him to not at least ask for a resend. Should she? Perhaps things were better off as they were. She truly did not trust Brian Hancock not to share the wealth. This should be a valuable lesson she thought. An explanation to Elliot should be the end of things. Right?
Staring at her wand and vibrator she lifts them up and holds both before her. Darryl's voice nagged her emotions. Her late husband would tell her to move on with her mistakes and not even consider them as one. In his mind it would have been a gift. She might agree if it had not been sent to her son. That would be unforgivable. Darryl would have likely laughed about it as she sulked. There was only one way to get over this. Abuse her holes.
"You're so very right Darryl. Thank you for your advice. I know our son will take this better than I imagine. Accidents do happen." She turns her wand on, then immediately back off, "Who do I tell him it was meant for?"
A cell ping freezes her soul. Was it Elliot? Brian? "Cabot? Now of all times?" She decides to abandon her bed with her cell in hand, uncertain of even looking at his text. A swift blowing out of candles she prowls the darkness of her home. Following the moonlight through windowpanes, knowing the layout of her home well, she managed her maze. It was certainly eerie. An actual howl from the forest made her tense. Being alone spooked her to the furthest reaches of her sanity.
Heartbeat racing, she goes downstairs with rapid shuffling. Reaching her kitchen, she goes to her sink and gets a glass of purified water off tap. Downing it she hears yet another ping of a sent text. Haunted she looks again. "Heath? Did Brian reveal my error already, the boys all wanting in on my misery?" Again, she ignores reading it.
Glass in hand she nurses the remainder of her water as she goes further down to her lower family room. There a gas fireplace is ignited to stave off the shadows, soft music tuned on via remote to a centralized speaker system. It at least expelled the wolves in the hills. Curling up on her sectional with her water she sighs. Even in the heat of the night a chill overran her body. A warm throw from the sofas back is retrieved and draped over her lap, eventually her entire frame.
"I cannot take this loneliness. The boys need to move in now." She pouts. "It's too late. That would seem too impulsive of me to ask that they do. Especially if Brian blabbed. They would all come running with hopes of ravaging my body." That while appealing just could not be allowed. Not yet. She needed to understand them so much better first. "Calm down Margo. I should have taken more relaxers." She was becoming dependent upon them as it was. Once the boys moved in, she might relax more and not require their medicinal encouragement.
Another text defiles the peace, "Let me guess... Eric?" To her surprise it was not. It was Cabot yet again. Deciding to read his texts she discovers simple ramblings.
"Hey Mom. It's Cabot. Couldn't sleep knowing you were way out there all by yourself. Call me any hour if you need me." She smiled at his concern. His newest text read, "Also I'd like to apologize for the truck ride. It was wrong of everyone to act as we did. I don't think any of us would blame you if you changed your mind about us moving in. Anyway, sorry mom. Sweet dreams."
She fidgets looking at his words before deciding to text back. As ever she led off with, "Stop apologizing. I'm not upset with any of you. I'm a grown woman Cabot, I can handle a bit of innocent touches." Off it went.
"Innocent touches? Margo we nearly had your dress off." He writes back.
"Mmmm!" She mumbles recalling how loosely her dress had clung to her body earlier. With no panties on she was ripe for the taking, they partook, without being too perverse about it. Nibbling her lower lip she texts back, "Yes you did. While I was emotional and groggy it might have appeared bad. However, I did remove my panties. If anything, I might have led you all on. Unlike you I will not apologize. It was my mistake, one of many today."
"You think of it as a mistake, we think of it as..." He leaves his words unfinished.
"As what Cabot?"
"You're every man's fantasy Mrs. Needy. That's all I need to say. You know that."
His words cheer her up. Of course, she knew what affect her appearance, her allure, had on all men. Darryl kept her well. "Am I your fantasy Cabot?" She dares to type.
"No comment. I respect you Mrs. Needy."
"Tell me... please."
"Yeah. I fantasize about you."
Her fingers slip to her lap, and she stretches out a bit, rubbing her moist clit. "Can we live together, and you still fantasize about me? Will it become awkward?" She sends knowing her answer but wanting to hear his own.
"Not going to lie Mrs. Needy. All four of us are going to find it difficult not to fantasize about you. Especially after..."
"After?"
"The truck ride... seeing you really close to being naked... the bonfire when you lost your belly dancing skirt... yeah not going to go away. LOL!"
"Close to naked? I was naked Cabot. My dress was basically a belt there at the end. If I were to say I was offended I would be lying. I will not change who I am."
"Please don't. We like this side of you."
"I will not have sex with any of you." She types then pauses to murmur, "God, I want too." A true test to see if this changed their minds about moving in with her. The words linger as she nearly regrets sending it. Once sent she quickly adds, "I hope you all understand this."
"We're not expecting that." Yes, they were, but it was necessary to comfort her thoughts on that possibility.
"Good. I believe we can survive together. As long as everyone agrees to keep things civil."
"We all have our own lives. Our own hang-ups even. Care to talk about what can be gotten away with?"
She reads that comment and narrows her smile, mischief time. "Be yourselves, just don't think you can treat me like a girlfriend." That thought was certainly attractive to her though.
"Of course not. Even though none of us currently have girls."
"Why is that?" She hadn't thought about that.
"I guess we just like our freedom."
"So do I."
"Can I ask a personal question?"
"Yes. Feel free to ask anything."
"Did you... like our massage on the truck ride?"
"Very... very... very much." Her fingers dip deep into her pussy as she envisions the group massaging her everywhere. A return to her earlier fantasy made her whimper.
"What if...?"
"Yes?"
"What if we had all been really stupid and removed your dress?"
"MMMMMMMMM!" She moaned wanting to type back, "I wish you had." Instead, she let him stew a bit as she fingered herself. Finally, she regained her concentration and typed, "I'm glad you were all gentlemen."
"Mrs. Needy?"
"Yes?"
"Can I admit something?"
"Yes."
"I... nothing."
"Finish."
"Already did. LOL!"
"What?"
"You know what I mean."
"Oh!" She couldn't resist sending a smiley emoji.
"Not mad?"
"Not at all. Feel free to be yourself."
"Even when I live with you?"
"Privately yes. How could I possibly tell any of you not to do what comes naturally?"
"Kinda loud. LOL! Very vocal."
She giggles feeding her pussy with three fingers now. It was becoming difficult to type. "That makes two of us." Sent she takes a deep breath and calls his number, tired of typing. As Cabot answers she sits her cell aside and whips her cover off to stretch out further. For the next three minutes she moans and climaxes vividly for him to hear. No words. Just reactions. Breathing heavily, she yawns, "Cabot?"
"That was awesome Mrs. Needy. I... won't tell the other guys you did that."
"I appreciate that. This... was my way of getting used to you boys being here. If you hear me now, it won't be any shock when you hear me later."
"I guess I should have joined you." He laughs.
"Cabot?"
"Yeah?"
"As you said earlier... sweet dreams."
"Night, Mrs. Needy."
Call ended Cabot clenched a fist and knew things were going to go their way.
Margo Needy groaned at staining her sofa and found Febreze to clean up with. Another stupid mistake she groaned. Tired she heads back upstairs then realizes she hadn't read Heath's text. After a private tinkle and a brisk cleanup of her pussy with wipes she shuffles back to her bed and crawls in on top of her prior mess. Sighing heavily, she knew she needed to do laundry.
"What did you say Mister Talbot?" She basks in her cells glow. Locating his text, she reads a simple, "Night Mom." It was enough to settle her nerves. Plugging her cell into her bedside charger she settles into sleep. One last text makes her growl. Checking it she freezes up. "Elliot!" Dread sinks in as she reads her sons words.
"Nice video Mom. Fuck loved it. I presume that was to mess with him. LOL! You did moan... oooooh, Fuck. Love you mom. Talk soon."
"OH MY GOD!"
Margo Needy laughed herself to sleep. Sure! That was to mess with Farouk.
Good enough for her.
She was worn out.
So were a lot of dicks.
Job well done.