Two of my best friends recently shared a sexual encounter with me . It was an incredible experience. And while it may or may not lead to anything more, it was extremely unique and important to me. It involved my friends Tom and Diane; who are dating each other.
They both wanted me to keep this a secret although I told them that I was going to journal about it. Tom of course wanted to read my version of the story and I promptly told him he could only read mine if he also wrote his. Below is my version.
---
Being present when friend is both exhibitionist and voyeur.
Tom and I were out playing soccer most of the day. We are both gym and activity junkies at this time in our lives. I had plans to visit family that evening and stopped by Tom's house for a quick shower since we weren't at the gym today. Tom's house is often the center of our social life so it isn't uncommon for many of us to use his house as our personal base.
Diane, Tom's girlfriend, is living at Tom's for a short while until she finds a new roommate. They are a great couple who everyone expects to live together eventually. But Diane is also very independent and wants a few years in her own place first. I've always appreciated both of their purposeful ways of living.
After I showered my family plans were cancelled, so I found myself just hanging out with Tom. Shortly thereafter Diane burst in the front door lagging several boxes behind. Apparently she agreed to drop off a bunch of old clothes at Goodwill for her sister. But upon inspection she discovered the boxes also contained many prospective costumes which she wanted to consider before donation.
Tom, not a fan of clutter, just finished his shower when he objected slightly to the boxes and wanted some assurance that they wouldn't linger in his house too long. Costume parties were still a solid thing with our friends so this had huge potential. We all energetically sifted through the clothes together.
Soon we had a good pile of vests and skirts and other random colorful fun garbs with the remaining donation boxes repacked. Without any evening plans, I agreed to drop these off on my way out.
While we were still holding up the most fun clothes, Tom asked Diane to model some of the sexier options. Diane is confident if not also reserved. According to Tom she is quite playful and not bashful. By his account, she is very creative and sexually giving in their relationship. Yet I've never witnessed her actually being very public and mostly shows an outwardly reserved personality.
"Naturally you want the girl to show off, so cliche", Diane negatively responded. "What if a girl wants the guys to model for a change. Maybe that is the option today."
Now Tom does tend to be fun and casual. I've never seen him back down from an artistic flamboyant showman opportunity.
"True, we can do that. I just thought since we have a guest here you might want to play runway and model a few of the more fun pieces" Tom held up a fairly sheer blue frock.
"Really, you want to make our guest uncomfortable and use him as the excuse for your own personal pleasure. You just came back from soccer and I know how you get on adrenaline. I'm sure you and I can play with these later." grabbing the garment out of Tom's hand. Still, she was just playing offended and was enjoying the banter.
"I'm not uncomfortable by the way." This was my way of chiding Diane while encouraging Tom's suggestion.
"Nope, I'm calling a Sadie Hawkins audible. Today I get to make the requests and you two model for me."
Aw, playing the Sadie Hawkins card. Neither of us would actually know when that was so it was a smart strategic advantage. Tom and I agreed and started putting on various selections at Diane's direction. Most gave a good laugh. Some were clearly for women and didn't fit either of us, but we tried. I stepped in the other room for some of the changes requiring clothing removals.
Tom pushed Diane deeper into the control position. He soon told her she needed to dress both of us as she desired. If she thought it was sexist to assume the girl would model for two men, then in the spirit of Sadie Hawkins she needed to dress us as she found sexy. This made her ponder for a bit. "Just for fun", he said. And to counter his original sexist assumption, she needed to impose her sexy desires on us. Smart way of forcing the flirty hand yet maintaining her control.
Diane slowly walked around us both to add suspense. She dug into the pile and picked out two rather basic but colorful vests. From Tom's stories I knew a few things about Diane's preferences and she was completely a chest girl. We purposely hit the presses most at the gym knowing Tom would be rewarded later. Thus, at this age, we both were quite firm from the abs up. The selection of vests wouldn't have made as much sense without this knowledge.
I stepped out again to remove my shirt and dress accordingly. Standing next to Tom we just let Diane admire our arms and chests. She tugged at the buttons on Tom's vest but avoided touching me. Once she opened a few of Tom's buttons and got it perfectly positioned, she stepped back and gave affirmation. Tom wouldn't just let this drop. He asked why Diane didn't adjust my vest. She gave some vague respect for their relationship answer which Tom wouldn't accept. He pushed her to modify my clothing too.
"Back off Tom. This is my day to be in charge and I will decide who and where I touch." Tom agreed and supported her premise. Diane now pulled out two skirts and told us to put these on. This combination was fraught with risk but had promise. We evaluated our own sizes and exchanged skirts for what could possibly fit best. We both stepped out to change. Tom was very clear that he was going commando underneath and instructed me to do the same. I questioned if that was a good idea. Tom simply said if she was in charge then he wanted to see how she handled us being bare under our skirts. And we both wondered how she would even discover it.
"Now you two look like genies just released from the bottle". We acknowledge that possible description.
"And as genies recently released, you would be our master. That is the rule." I just let Tom own the situation with Diane and acted as a supportive guest. "And as our genie master you can tell us what comes next."
Diane walked over to Tom, situated his skirt around, tugged at this vest, and placed her hand inside onto his chest. She was clearly enjoying the control. After a few gazes Diane took the leadership and stepped to her side in front of me. She also adjusted my skirt, albeit a bit lower than I was expecting, so the absence of underwear could have been surmised. Then she also partially opened my vest as she had Tom's earlier. With my chest mostly exposed she placed both hands on my pecs and just pressed for a few seconds.
"Is this OK Tom?" she teased a bit.
"You are the master, everything is OK". Tom replied.
"And you", she directed to me.
"I am open to all and expect nothing". I'm not sure where I got that quote but it shot out of my mouth easily. It was also the most truthful feeling I had.
Diane gave my chest a squeeze then pushed me back playfully.
"Well, that was fun. What's next." Diane implied the game was over,
Tom trying to stay in character also wanted to encourage Diane to play longer.
Diane grabbed some clothes and stepped out of the room. Tom and I didn't know what to do other than just stand quietly and wait. He winked at me indicating his pleasure with the game. "You can go or stay as long as you like. I think I am going to enjoy seeing where Diane takes this." I was not going anywhere until I was told to leave.
Diane returned in a similar outfit. "I am the master Genie and you two are beholden to my direction" We both submitted to her leadership role. She had an elf-like skirt but her top consisted of multiple layers. I was a bit disappointed in the lack of viewing opportunity. I was hoping she would feel freer to show some skin.
This was quite different for Diane. As I said, she is mostly reserved publicly. But neither Tom nor I gave her any direction. Something sparked her to step into the role. Our silent patience for direction gave her no choice but to dictate instructions. She pushed us both back to sitting on the couch next to each other. Diane straddled Tom, not in a sexy way, but more of a control mode. Our hands remained at our sides while Diane rubbed Tom's chest under his vest. She opened his vest completely so Tom was mostly shirtless. Tom seemed to enjoy my watching her touching him and her gaze.
Soon she took her right hand and placed it on my left pec. She didn't ask for permission with words but clearly was asking Tom with her eyes to approve. He just smiled and affirmed non-verbally. She was rubbing both of our chests. Soon she opened my vest as well allowing more exposed skin to touch. Tom shifted slightly toward me to give her easier access.
Diane verbally asked if Tom or I had any reservations. Tom just smiled and repeated she was his master Genie. I repeated my same response, "I am open to all and expect nothing."
Diane shifted onto only one of Tom's legs which was clearly giving her some groin pleasure. She started kissing Tom, grinding on his leg, and kept rubbing both of our chests. At times she was gripping hard over my pectoral muscles.
Diane's biggest risk was next. She asked me to close my eyes. She removed her hand from my chest and apparently removed her multiple layered top. She touched me again while kissing Tom. She must have gotten a bit nervous because she next asked me to not only keep my eyes shut, but to turn my head away in case I peeked.
Tom said very few words, but after taking a breather he challenged her. If she really wanted to be an exhibitionist, she needed to release me from my blind mandate. In response, she grabbed my jaw forcefully turning my head towards her. As I opened my eyes, she was right in my face up close and said, "This is a one-time thing and very private. You will tell no one!"
"Yes master, I am open to all and expect nothing" This brought a smile to her face as she leaned back upright. I was now free to look over her very naked body. I always knew she was beautiful but sitting next to her bare torso in such a power position was exhilarating.
Her hands did slide down to Tom's skirt. She wasn't going to expose him but she did rub him quite a bit. She got to the point of noticing he was commando with a bit of shock. "You too?" she asked me? We just sat silently with guilty smiles. She lifted up and reached under Tom's skirt for confirmation which was quickly affirmed.
"I'm only into the visual today, just letting you both know." With that she lifted Tom's skirt for full display of an erection. No one was even concerned with my comfort having Tom's erection next to me. I was quite certain that my presence was part of her excitement even though I wasn't really a focus of her attention.
Diana stroked Tom some but returned her hands to both of our chests. In the process she surprised us both by lifting Tom's hand and putting it under her skirt. Instead of merely grinding on his leg, Tom was now fingering Diane while she continued holding both of our chests. She was a bit flustered at this point with Tom's one hand performance. His cock was still out and hard but untouched.
Diane's hand on my chest slid down towards my skirt. I was quite erect at this time which reminded me why men don't wear skirts without underwear. It wasn't hidden very well. I half suspected she was going to reach down my skirt but it was small and very tight. I didn't think she would be successful.
Tom used his free hand to grab her wrist and slide her hand onto me. He meant to give her encouragement and authority but Diane slapped his hand and returned it to his side. My hands stayed at my side obediently. Obviously, I wanted to touch Diane but this was her game and I was just present. The visuals of her bare breasts were more than enough stimulation anyway. Her neck, shoulders, and back were impressively firm. The side boob view was magnificent.
With an experienced hand she found a zipper on the side of my skirt and pulled it down. I hadn't even known the zipper existed and had wiggled myself into the skirt with great effort earlier. Now the skirt material, while pleated, was just laying across my erection.
"Can I see another cock?" she asked both of us. Tom motioned with his eyes approvingly. I repeated my same response. "I am open to all and expect nothing."
Diane flung my skirt over leaving me bare. Except for the vest around my shoulders, my entire front was exposed.
Diane's hand started at my chest and slid down to my stomach, eventually landing at the base of my erection, palm down. My dick was essentially resting on the back of her hand. Her left hand was still exploring Tom's exposed body as well. All the while her body was wiggling over Tom's fingers which must be getting tired or cramped at this point.
Tom shifted around a bit indicating he needed a new position. Diane couldn't wait any longer and lifter herself up and onto his cock. This was an indication too that she also went sans panties under her skirt. She started fucking on top of Tom while kissing Tom and rubbing my chest. At times her one hand would lower onto my cock, stoking me slightly. Each time though she would look and watch. She was not trying to get me off and clearly wanted the visual stimulation of seeing her hand on another man's cock. Each time she kissed Tom or looked away she stopped stroking me, which I appreciated the relief. I had no intention of cumming and knew my role was just for Diane's energy.
Soon Tom indicated he was going to cum. Diane told him to ride it out and pumped him through a pretty hard ejaculation. Diane was also clearly pleased with herself as she limped forward to rest, one hand still on my body.
After a few moments of silence, Diane said she wanted Tom to clean up while I left. She was going to take a shower. As one last action of power, she lifted off of Tom's wilting dick, depositing all of his cum onto his stomach. She stayed above him until she was cleaned out which made us both laugh. Tom eventually slid out from under Diane and said he was cleaning up in the bathroom. As he left he gave a request; if we were going to have fun he wanted to be called back first to watch. Diane said she wasn't going to fuck me and Tom should go.
I started covering up when Diane asked me not to. She wanted to see me more and I was still very hard. I truly was open to all but also expected nothing. I was prepared to leave at any time. Diane told me to keep my hands at my side but continued to rub my body. I was nearly exploding, even without my cock being touched. Her naked torso kneeling next to me was extremely sensual.
"I want to see you cum if that is ok." Obviously I said it would be ok but I also repeated that I was willing to leave. She wasn't obligated in any way.
I teased her by saying, "so the exhibitionist is now the voyeur." She laughed and grabbed my cock with one hand and jerked me to completion, which at this point only took a minute. As with Tom, she left everything on me to clean up.
"And that is what control should feel like. Interesting." Diane stated. "I am going upstairs to shower. Tell Tom to join me on your way out. Thank you for being... well for just being here. I have truly never done that before." And with that she started walking away. Just before she was gone and I was reaching for the tissue box, she came back and kissed me. It was a very intimate kiss, one of gratitude. She took a deep breath and went upstairs. Even her bare back was magnificent to watch.
I dressed and told Tom to join Diane in the shower. We hugged and laughed. He asked if I got off, not having been very aware of my situation. I said I had but didn't give any details. He said that he was glad and that he appreciated my presence as well. I left with a smile on my face thinking of them getting in the shower together. That experience was probably new for all three of us. I will keep this secret, and if I do share this story I will be very careful not to disclose identities.