Disclaimer: Like all lit stories this one would fit in multiple categories. This story has sexy tattooed girls, exhibitionism, and lots of light bondage. If those aren't your thing, stop now and find another story. Also, this story is a lot darker than I usually write and the characters will piss you off. They have few redeeming qualities. In fact, if you are upset by the end of the story then I've accomplished what I want as far as the tone I was able to convey.
*****
(Jace) Being a genius sucks.
For the record, I'm a genius.
Not the type of genius that's good in school and gets good grades from childhood on. Or the wheezy, asthmatic type that never sees the light of day. I'm the kind of genius you see on the television shows like "The Big Bang Theory." I graduated high school when most kids were still in elementary.
I had a bachelor's degree by the time I was 18. By the time I'd turned 24 I had my second doctorate. I did consult jobs for computer companies, and the University I'd graduated from allowed me to teach a few courses in software engineering, my specialty.
Since I was 14, I'd spent my spare time contracting out and had invested all my earnings into various emerging giants, Apple, Google, and Amazon to name a few. Now I had a savings account with seven zeros and could generally do whatever I wanted.
All this seems to contradict my original statement, right? My life should be perfect by most people's standards. Except for one thing... women!
I mean let's face it guys, the world revolves around women. We earn more money to attract women, we work out our bodies to attract women, and we will do the absolute dumbest things conceivable in order to what...? Say it with me fellas, attract women.
This is a problem when you have a great big intellectual wall that separates you from the rest of society, let alone the more interesting half.
Here's a myth I want to dispel. Geniuses don't like women, we like to spend our time in intellectual pursuits. That's the biggest load of crap imaginable. I was ahead of the game in every way growing up. Believe me, I noticed the difference between men and women well ahead of my peers. I never went through the stage of thinking girls had cooties. I thought they were wonderful from the get-go. Which makes wooing them even more of a problem when you're a genius.
Let me put it in perspective for you. While growing up, despite my vast intellect I still shared the same problems as the rest of the kids my age acne, puberty, social learning, etc. Imagine as an adult you could only talk to kids in elementary school, and you had to talk to them about politics, education, news, and everything else. How soon would you want to pull your hair out? Yes, I lacked the experience of the adults in my life, however, I did not lack understanding of political climes, newsworthy events, and even the pressures of having a job. In this I could talk to adults as an equal, but who wants to talk to adults when you're a teenager? I wanted to talk to girls, but talking to girls was the mental equivalent to talking to a group of third graders to me. Yeah, the teenage girls were pretty to look at, but then they'd open their mouths and the only thing I could think of was, "Dear god, would you please shut up. Who gives a flying fuck who went to the mall this weekend with so and so's boyfriend," or whatever else they were talking about.
You would think this would dissipate somewhat as I got to college. I mean yeah, I was working on my doctorate when they were starting, but finally, intelligent conversation. Wrong! (singing in tune to church bells) Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, you're wrong, so so wrong!
If anything, it got worse, because now they thought they were adults and knew everything, yet they still talked about "The Voice," or "America's got Talent" and how big a deal it was. God save me and end it now!
Plus, I had my own stigma. While I knew I was considered pretty good looking, and unlike most nerdy geniuses I kept in shape and played sports I found that I was a bit of a social outcast. Not many people wanted to hang out with the weird kid.
So, there were very few women in my life. I'd had a few girlfriends in high school, and I wasn't a virgin, but nothing ever lasted.
Fast forward to present day, I was eating lunch at the school cafeteria when a colleague of mine walked into dining hall. It was a busy day with few open seats but he noticed I was at a table of four by myself. Making a beeline to me he tilted his head in a silent question and I gave a short nod back acknowledging him to sit with me.
Chance was another gifted individual, but not on my level. He graduated at normal times but he was top of his class. He was one of those ridiculously good-looking guys that lived for academic life. He was smart, good looking and very impressive to fresh faced coed girls that were generally experiencing their first time away from home and wanted to show they weren't dumb by hooking up with a professor type.
He also had something of a tough guy image. Despite the fact he was a professor he looked like he belonged in a motorcycle gang. I knew he cultivated the impression. He actually came from old money. He kept his long black hair in a ponytail, and had a close-cropped goatee. He stood a couple inches shorter than me at 5' 10" and was close to two hundred pounds. He tended to wear jeans and work boots with his shirt and jacket. I know I wasn't really a fashion example myself, I tended to dress for comfort versus style, but in my opinion, he looked like an idiot. Kind of like a cross between gang banger and teacher. Which is what I assumed he was going for.
Regardless, I was friends with Chance for a couple of reasons. We'd worked on a couple of projects together, he was smart, and he didn't fill the air with useless chatter. Don't get me wrong, his morality was questionable at best and he was roughly five years older than me but we had the same interests so he was one of the few people I got along with.
We ate in silence but for the drone of the people around us.
After a while Chance looked up, "Hey dude, I need to ask you a favor."
I inwardly groaned. Chance tended to ask me for lots of favors, he knew I was a bit of a social outcast and even though we were friends I always got the feeling that he felt being his friend was a status symbol. That I should be honored or something.
His favors tended to orient around girls and covering for him in some way or another.
He explained that he wanted me to be his wife's study partner this weekend before finals. She was finishing her degree and if she got good grades on her finals she'd graduate with honors.
I was actually impressed for once. That feeling evaporated with his next sentence.
"And I need you to make sure and keep her busy all weekend. I've got some coeds coming in from an out-of-state school," he said with a wink and an exaggerated leer.
And there it was, "You've got to be kidding me," I said.
"I'm serious."
I stared at my friend for a while as he gave me his best pleading expression. It didn't help, it actually made me want to punch him in the face. Chance was a fellow professor and a friend, but what he was asking for was close to crossing the bounds of our relationship on both levels. It was one thing to cover if somebody asked for you, an entirely different thing to take part in the subterfuge.
"I need a weekend with her not asking any questions."
I shook my head, "Man, you're an idiot. Kiera is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen and you're messing around on her. Are you stupid?"
"Kiera is cool and all but she's kind of boring in bed, you know what I mean? I need you to study with her this weekend. I promise that's all."
"Yeah, until the next time. I don't want to get in the middle of your drama."
"I promise there'll be no drama. Kiera knows you, she thinks you're cool. Just cover me so I can get a little free time. You know what I mean."
He gave me a lecherous grin and nudged my arm with his elbow. The urge to punch him in the face doubled.
I try not to judge other people, not out of any religious morality or anything but simply because I know how I am and I don't like anybody judging me. I'm condescending as hell and generally believe most people have the intelligence of a toaster oven, which, compared to me is true, so I certainly don't feel the right to judge others on their transgressions.
The problem I had with him over this was I didn't want to be dragged into his drama. I hated other people's sordid affairs. Kiera was his wife and if he wanted to cheat on her I didn't care. If he wanted to date a new girl every week, more power to him, just leave me out of it.
I personally didn't understand cheating. Like most regular emotions it was a concept that seemed weird to me. If you wanted to mess around with multiple women why would you marry one? I knew I didn't understand people most of the time but this behavior really baffled me. He kept looking and asking me to do him this favor. I knew he was using me because Kiera was my age and since I didn't have a girlfriend, he felt that my getting to hang with his hot wife would be a win for me.
Rolling my eyes, "Fine, I'll do it."
"Fuck yeah," Chance said, he jumped up and high-fived me which I only halfheartedly returned.
"I owe you," he said, slapping me on the back.
*****
And that's how I found myself standing in front of their small apartment complex on a Saturday afternoon. I'd dressed casual in simple sweats, black Batman t-shirt, and sneakers. Clouds dotted the sky on a warm and sunny late-May spring day. Earlier, I'd texted Kiera what time I'd be there so I knew she'd be expecting me as I rang her doorbell. When she opened the door, I looked up and smiled. Kiera was a vision, she was exceptionally beautiful Latina of medium height with curly ringlets of raven-black hair framing an oval face with lightly tanned skin. Her cheekbones were sharp and high, her features near perfect, she looked a little like Emily Ratajkowski. Most extraordinary were her eyes, almond shaped and brilliantly blue. She wore black spandex gym shorts that showed most of her tanned sculpted legs and a tight-fitting pink sport bra that that was being strained by her large D sized tits.
She'd played for the college soccer team for four years so her body was the perfect combination of youth and muscle. But what really did it for me, were her tattoos. She wasn't a goth girl, but she did have multiple sexy tattoos. One arm had black and white geometric patterns from her elbow to wrist. Her opposite leg had two Koi fish and the center of her chest below her tits had roses.
"Hey," she said.
I was momentarily breathless. I'd known her for more than a year now and she still took my breath away every time I saw her. Looking into her eyes, I was spellbound. They were the most vibrant blue eyes I'd ever seen. The term "liquid sapphire" always popped into my head when I looked into her eyes, and with her long dark lashes and light brown skin she was captivating. A flash of annoyance at Chance rushed through me as I remembered my purpose today was to distract her.
"Hey Kiera," I said while giving her a heads up. "How are you?"
"Fine. You?"
"Good, just doing my thing, ya know."
She nodded.
She seemed a little cool toward me. It's not like we were great friends but I figured since I was helping her out, she'd be a little friendlier.
*****
(Kiera) Fuck this shit.
I hated this fucking nerd. I knew Chance was getting Jace to help me in order to cover for him cheating on me. It infuriated me that Chance thought I was too stupid to know.
And to use this fucking geek to cover for him, it was galling.
He'd showed up in his usual nerd attire. About six foot with a lean body he had a clean-cut face and kept his dark hair close cropped on the sides with slightly longer on top that he left in a semi-attractive tousled way. He had warm brown eyes with flecks of gold, but I liked the bad boy types and he definitely was not that.
Still, I will admit he looked cute as hell.
Everybody knew him, he was the college poster boy for gifted people. I'd seen him interact with people and awkward was about as polite a term as I could think of. I knew he didn't date much and every time we'd been around each other I would see him trying to be cool around me but he was always watching me when he thought I didn't notice. I was used to guys staring so I knew all the tricks. He tried not being as obvious as most, but I made a habit of checking reflections and watching people from the corner of my eyes, and he was always looking. Fucking repressed geek.
I'd made sure to dress in as distracting clothes as I could possibly wear. I had an appointment and I couldn't be late, I needed to speed this shit up and be out of here in an hour.
I had to stifle a laugh when I opened the door. I'd held a cold beer to my chest so my nipples were nice and hard when I greeted him. His eyes almost popped out of his head as he stared at my tits.
When he finally managed to stop looking at my body, he looked me in the eyes and greeted me. After that every time he talked to me, he looked into my eyes. Grudgingly that was a little notable, most men never stopped looking at my chest or ass depending on which way I was facing.
"Let's get started," I said abruptly. I took him back to the dining room where my books were and took a seat.
He followed and reached over to the stack of notes I had on the table. He took a quick look at what I was studying and immediately began to point out ideas that I needed to remember and tips for the test.
As a mini-test and just to put him in his place I dropped a pen and bent over to pick it up, making sure to take my time. Sure enough, his eyes were glued to my ass. I knew when I bent over the spandex stretched and became somewhat sheer. I had no doubt he could see my bright red thong right now. When I looked up, I caught him staring and red-faced he quickly averted his eyes. I held the pose a split second before I moved back up.
Now I knew I had him.
After that, I kept my face bland and gave one-word answers, "Uh huh," "Yeah," "Okay," were pretty much my responses to everything. I had to keep the smile off my face when I saw my impertinence getting to him. My plan today had been to get him flustered with my outfit and then ignore/ disrespect him until he got frustrated and left.
Very surprisingly he put up with my attitude for less than 15 minutes. I'd given another grunt as an answer to his remarks on my notations when he snapped the book closed and looked up at me.
His face got a hard look that I'd never really seen on him.
"Am I boring you?"
"What?" I stammered. My heart beat in my chest, this was more confrontational than I expected.
"You seem to have no interest in studying, you're not paying the slightest attention to anything I'm saying," he said.
"Uhmm, yes I am," I said. It sounded lame even to my own ears.
He stared at me for a full minute.
"Yeah, we're done."
Stunned, I watched as he stood up and walked to the door without another word.
I opened my mouth to say something and bring him back but remembered I needed to go anyway. I felt strange, a weird mixture of emotions passed through me. Relief that I'd be able to make my appointment, guilt that I'd treated Jace badly, annoyance that he ignored my attitude and walked out, and impressed by his strength of will.
Guys never talked to me like that, they usually killed themselves trying to make me happy.
"Hey, don't forget your pen," I said, bending over the table to make sure he saw my ass one last time.
He looked back, "I didn't bring a pen."
Then without even glancing he turned and walked out the door.
Who the fuck did that little geek think he was? Nobody ignored me like that. I stood there fuming as I realized he had somehow gained an emotional victory.
I didn't like it. I'd gotten what I wanted but I was going to make him pay one way or another.
*****
(Jace) And that was a perfect example of why I had problems with girls. I'm not quite sure what was going on there but I didn't want to have anything to do with it.
It was obvious Kiera had no interest in studying. I'd be damned if I was going to waste my time helping somebody that didn't want help. Maybe other guys would talk to her, try to figure out what was going on. Whenever I noticed a woman was playing games, I quit. I refused to play. I'd been told by females before that it had a tendency to piss them off. That's probably while I'll die alone.
Besides, something was going on there. That had been too calculated. It was like her actions and outfit were designed to throw me off. Her makeup had been perfect, and she smelled incredible, like cherries and almonds. That is not how a person normally dresses for a study session.
It's funny, I didn't understand people. I saw their actions and certain things baffled me. However, for some reason I was remarkably astute when I didn't have any interplay with the individuals. Like one of those movie detectives, I could easily spot incongruencies and falsities in others when I was watching.
I got into my car and headed home. A block down the street I passed a Coldstone Creamery and decided I wanted some ice cream. I pulled in, parked and went inside to get a cup of banana caramel crunch. Standing at the window eating it I was watching cars go by when she passed me.
I frowned. That was weird. It was only for a split second but she was dressed like she was about to go party. Even from a distance I saw a minidress that showed an awful lot of skin.
Making a quick decision, I got out and hopped in my truck. I owned a black Nissan Titan truck that kind of stood out but hopefully she wouldn't notice me. I'd bought it less than two weeks ago so it was doubtful anybody would be used to seeing me in it.
I pulled out and hurried to catch up. She'd been stopped by traffic lights so it was easier than I thought to catch her. I kept far enough back that she shouldn't notice me and followed her to a pricey neighborhood. She parked on the street and got out of her car.
Wow! Now I could see all of her. The white dress she wore was just shy of indecently short. If she were to sit down, I couldn't imagine not being able to see her panties. The front had a plunging V between her chest and was held up with spaghetti straps. She wasn't wearing a bra and I could see almost all of her boobs to her nipples. I was sure one wrong move would show those too. I looked closer, her shoes were black sandals with three-inch heels. No way was she going anywhere far in those things.
I looked at my car stereo, it was one o'clock in the afternoon. What the hell was she doing?
I watched her walk into a large beautiful home three houses down from where she parked. I sat there drumming my fingers for a few minutes when another car pulled up. A man got out and locked his car.
My head jerked up, I knew this person. He was the coach of the university basketball team. He was actually pretty famous for a college coach. Frowning I watched him walk into the same house. Now I was really intrigued. I hadn't made any plans for the afternoon other than tutoring Kiera so I was free. I decided to stay a while and see what I could learn.
Over the next hour I saw another two girls come by. They were dressed the same way. Sexy as hell and both were beautiful. Soon another man came. I didn't recognize him but he looked like a businessman. He was dressed in a charcoal suit and red tie. Clean cut he wore sunglasses and walked straight to the house after he parked.
After two hours Kiera walked out looking much more disheveled than she did when she went in. I'd been thinking about this. I wanted to confront someone to find out what was going on but I doubted she'd be the best one for answers. I watched her get into her car and leave. Part of me wanted to follow her but I had a different player in mind. One I knew I could get answers from. Thirty minutes later the coach walked out. He shared the same unkempt look and it wasn't hard to imagine why. I followed him as he got into his car and drove away.
Soon he parked at a local burger joint and went inside. I did the same and ordered a chili burger and fries and sat down. After his order he went to the bathroom and a few minutes later came out looking much more straightened up.
His order came up and he signaled the person to his table. I waited until my order came and then I got up and took a seat across from him as he was mid bite to his cheeseburger. I caught a whiff of cherry and almonds as he looked up in surprise.
I smiled and said, "Hello Coach."
He took his bite and chewed, then took a swallow of coke before answering, "Do I know you?"
"Nope, but what's important here is that I know you, and more importantly, I know you're married."
He stared.
"I want to know details."
"Of what?"
I looked into his eyes and we stayed that way for a few minutes, neither of us speaking.
Pro tip: Interrogation techniques vary throughout the world, but one of the constants is to make your target believe you know more than you do. They tend to be more forthcoming with information if they think you already know half of what they're talking about.
"Don't play with me," I said. "Or I'll head back to 5228 Highland Ave and see about getting the details I need from the owner. I'm sure that would make you happy, but let me be clear, if I have to take that route, I will inform your wife and the school Dean."
I stood up and made to leave.
His hands flew up in a calming gesture, "Whoa, whoa, there son. Now just hold on a minute."
I looked into his eyes. He looked around and motioned me to sit back down.
"Don't get all hasty," he said.
I sat down and took a bite of my burger.
"If I give you the information..."
"Then nobody will ever know anything. I have no desire to hurt people's reputation. I want to be involved."
"Well son, why didn't you start with that," he laughed. "I thought you were going to upset the apple cart, if you catch my drift."
He quickly outlined the details of what I suspected. The house was a discreet, high class brothel. I'd need an introduction to get in and assurances that I was cleared for STDs from a physician. We talked for a half hour and made arrangements.
I left and spent the rest of the day getting certain things done that would be required before I could make an appointment.
On Monday I went with the coach and he took me to meet the owner.
We knocked on the door and a hulk of a man answered. He wore black military cargo pants and a black t-shirt that looked three sizes too small on his frame. He was closer to seven feet than six and he probably weighed at least twice as much as me. His arms were as big as my legs and he didn't seem to have an ounce of fat on him. Dark hair and beard with dead eyes, he didn't say a word but stood in the foyer looking at us. I noticed his eyes flicked back and forth taking in every detail. He might look dumb as a post but he was very aware of his surroundings.
Soon a woman came out. She was middle-aged and beautiful. Her brown hair was piled on top of her head leaving her long neck bare. She had silver dangling earrings that highlighted the long elegant black dress she wore. It had a slashed front revealing plenty of cleavage.
"Hello, I'm Madame Jeanette," she said with a French accent as she greeted us, holding out her hand.
I took it and gave a small squeeze of greeting that she returned.
Coach introduced us and she made a few discreet questions about my background. I answered and handed her the papers I'd brought.
She took them and passed them to the Hulk who slipped them into a folder he picked up off a small table.
"I'm sure all is in order," she said.
I nodded.
"Did you have a specific request or are we browsing?"
"I have a specific person and request."
Coach excused himself and Madame Jeanette took me into a small parlor where we both took a seat. I spent a few minutes outlining my wishes. She nodded her head and asked a few pointed questions, she never blinked or expressed shock as I outlined what I wanted. At the end she thought for a moment before speaking.
"That girl is not a regular, but I do have her contact information and I will let her know your desires."
"Tell her that I'll tip her twice her normal amount."
Madame Jeanette inclined her head, she knew that would be enticing. I'm sure she took half, by giving her a tip equal to her share Kiera could keep all the extra money.
Details were set and then I left with Coach on the promise that Madame Jeanette would contact me.
By dinner I had my answer. Madame Jeanette texted me precise instructions and I acknowledged all the details.
*****
I showed up the next day at exactly one o'clock dressed in black slacks, a black long-sleeve tailored dress shirt, and loafers. My hair was perfect and I felt nervous as hell. As soon as I knocked, the door opened and I was waived inside by the Hulk. Madame Jeanette met me as I entered the foyer.
She reached out her hand to take mine as she talked. "Hello, Professor, how are you today?"
"Outstanding, and yourself?"
After I shook her hand, she slipped her arm in mine and started to walk through the house.
"Every day is always a joy for me. I talked it over with the young lady you requested. She agreed to your restrictions and understands your desire for anonymity. You are her second client, she was a little overwhelmed by the request but thinks it might be fun. I hope you don't disappoint her."
"I'll try my best."
"I'm sure you will," she laughed giving my arm a gentle squeeze while guiding me through the house. "She is awaiting you in our special bedroom designed for such entertainment."
As she finished, she stopped in front of a red door in the back of the house.
"Anything else I should know?" I asked.
Her smile went wide, "You're a new client and I hate such boorish things as threats, but for clarity I feel I must be direct. If you hurt one of my girls, I will make sure that Mr. Todd breaks all of your fingers."
I stared at her for a moment not quite understanding, then I realized Mr. Todd must be the Hulk. I paused before nodding, I wanted her to know the comment was believed, "Understood, hurting girls isn't my thing."
Tilting her head, she looked into my eyes, "I have confidence in that, otherwise you would not be here. Please enjoy, you have two hours," she said before gliding way.
I opened the door and stepped inside. The room was warm, soft light from wall lamps lit the scene to a romantic level, and the smell of lilies filled the air. The room was tastefully done in a Victorian style without being overboard. The bed was dark wood four-poster with a wood paneled ceiling and mirrors, with a wine-red silk comforter. Dark wood furniture with sumptuous deep red fabrics decorated the room. The walls were a navy blue with gold fleur-de-lys patterns staggered every foot or so. Multiple large mirrors adorned the side walls and a small end table next to the bed held various red ropes, and a small leather paddle.
Kiera lay in the center of the bed, gloriously naked, arms and legs tied to each corner, with a pink ballgag in her mouth and a black silk sash blindfolding her. I stepped in front of her at the bottom of the bed and reached out to stroke a calf muscle. She gave a small whimper and shifted her body, moving sensuously, flexing her hips and thrusting her chest out for display. I gave a small growl of approval and she returned it with a whimper and more gyrations of her body.
I wasn't sure why I was doing this. Chance was a dumbass for the way he treated her but knowing what she was doing made me somewhat understand him. I don't know if he knew about her activity, but either way, they were both pretty fucked up. Madam Jeanette had said she wasn't a regular, so maybe it was Coach she had an arrangement with. I just knew I wanted her, I'd wanted her for a long time and I saw an opportunity. She was one of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen and if the only way I could have her was to pay for it, fuck it.
I moved to her side and stroked up and down her skin. Her light brown skin was golden from the light and on some level, she must've been mildly turned on because her nipples were hard little pebbles. Her tattoos stood out and I traced a few, touching them and following the lines. Her whimpers changed to a groan as I caressed her skin.
I checked one wrist and was surprised to find her very well tied. The rope wrapped around her wrists firmly but not leaving marks and she was stretched taut to the corner. A quick inspection of the rest of her ties showed the same. She was well and truly helpless. She lay still as I checked, as if sensing what I was doing.
At the end I was at the bottom of the bed again and moved forward shifting my weight on one hand as I used the other to softly stroke the trimmed patch of dark curls between her legs. Her chest rumbled as I shifted a finger through the soft hair. She had a small runway of curls that had been trimmed to a close fuzz.
Her hips pushed up a little as I kept running my fingers through her pubic hair and she gave small squeaks of encouragement. I stroked one finger down between her lips and was mildly surprised to find her slick from stimulation. I was under no illusion, I was a client and I'm sure she was playing a role but the flush of her skin, the stiffness of her nipples, and the ready lubricant of her juices led me to believe she had to be enjoying this to some degree.
I stepped back and took off my clothes before moving back onto the bed. I moved beside her as I ran my fingers up and down her entire body. I used my lips and tongue to kiss and lick her all over. Soon I had her body straining against the ropes, she was writhing and whimpering nonstop, her hands grasped the air and her hips thrust upward in small jerking motions. I dipped my head between her legs and she froze. I put my lips close enough that she could feel the air of my breath on her pussy. She started whimpering again, small pleading sounds as she pushed her hips up.
I started going down on her and she groaned. Her body became disturbingly alive as I used my tongue to lick and tease her. She growled so loud that even with the gag I was afraid Madame Janette would come. I poured energy into pushing my tongue inside her while her hips pumped up and down. Suddenly she screamed into her gag, her back arched, and her muscles locked as she quivered like a taut bowstring. I slipped my hands under her and cupped her ass as I forced my tongue deep inside her as her orgasm struck her in waves making her body shiver from head to toe.
I moved back as she lay there breathing heavily through her nose. She faced me and made little whimpering noises through the gag. She looked toward her hands, and grasped the air. Her frustration was obvious as she let out an exasperated groan and shook her head and body. I moved on top of her and she leaned her head back against the pillow. I was rock hard from going down on her and as I positioned myself, I didn't hesitate and in a smooth motion I entered her and stopped. She gave another groan and I paused to let us adjust to each other. Soon I began to move. Unhurried, I found a steady pace and was soon enjoying the soft feel of her skin against mine. Her muscles were evident as she lay there. I alternated holding myself on one hand as I stroked the sides of her tits making her give contented noises.
Soon I felt the pressure build and I increased my pace. She must've felt it because she started pushing her hips against me even more. I couldn't contain myself and I plunged into her faster and faster. My orgasm struck and I felt myself unleash inside her, my dick steadily pumping as I grunted. She rolled her wrists over and gripped the sheets as I came inside her without remorse.
*****
(Kiera) So that happened. Yeah, I was officially a whore. I kept reminding myself of the bigger picture. Do what needed to be done, then get the fuck out of town. I'd never imagined I'd have to resort to this but I was at a breaking point.
The money had been good, and now I was ahead of schedule. I'd been hesitant about the bondage but Jeanette had assured me I'd be safe.
Now that it was over, I had to admit it'd had been pretty hot. Whoever he was he was good. His body had been muscular and he smelled like honey. Amazingly I'd had multiple orgasms during the session. With the coach I'd had to do some fake moaning, not that he'd noticed or cared. With the unknown visitor everything had been real.
Later the same day I got a message from Jeanette, unknown wanted another session tomorrow. I took my time deciding. So far, I was ahead of my goals, so I really didn't need to. Still, this would put me even further ahead and I'd somewhat enjoyed it, enough that a second-round kind of excited me. I texted her back and told her to make the arrangements.
When I got there this time I stripped and Mr. Todd came in and instructed me to lay face down on the bed. I liked the look of admiration on his normally impassive face. When he'd tied me up the day before I'd watched him and his eyes had constantly checked me out. It had sent a secret thrill through me and I'd even had a quick fantasy about the idea of being ravaged by him as I was helpless.
This time I was tied spread-eagle but face down and facing the bottom of the bed. I wiggled my ass a little and was rewarded with a small smack on my butt as Mr. Todd told me to stay still. I smiled but quit moving. After he was finished, he blindfolded me. I tested the ropes and found I was just as helpless as the last time. It wasn't lost on me that this time I wasn't gagged and my head was close to the edge, so that somebody standing at the bottom of the bed would be able to use my mouth. The thought didn't bother me as much as it should. My mystery man was talented, I actually wanted to use my mouth on him and get him worked up.
When he walked in, I stayed silent. I sensed his movement to the side of the bed then fingers traced my back sending shivers up my spine. I gave him a moan of encouragement. He cupped my ass then traced his fingers across my pussy making me arch my butt in response. He moved to the front again and I heard the rustle of clothes. A hand stroked my head and his dick brushed my lips.
I opened my mouth and used my tongue to lick around his head. A moan sounded out and I inwardly smiled. Emboldened I took the head in my mouth and gently sucked. More moans and I could hear his panting. I was enjoying this, even tied as I was, I had power over him. I pushed deeper and pulled back then began to lick his entire shaft. I spent the next 15 minutes putting all my energy into making him cum. His grip tightened in my hair as I bobbed up and down on his cock. The last few minutes he took control and held me in place as he rapidly pushed back and forth into my mouth. I relaxed my jaw and twirled my tongue as I felt his buildup. His dick throbbing was the only warning I had before he cried out and I felt him gush into my mouth. It was too late to struggle or pull off so I let him finish pumping into my mouth and then swallowed.
That was unexpected. I thought he'd be a gentleman and pull out and maybe cum on my back or tits. I didn't mind it as much as I thought I would and even felt a perverse pleasure that he'd used me that way. I'd never swallowed before but wasn't overly bothered by it.
I was surprised when I felt the gag pushed past my lips and once again, I couldn't do anything but whimper and moan. In a small way I enjoyed it. It was liberating not having to talk. I didn't have to stroke his ego or have a conversation. He wanted to use my body, I could relax and actually enjoy it.
The next couple hours flew by as he repeatedly took me. By the end I was soaked in sweat and had orgasmed multiple times. The last time I'd screamed into the gag and nearly passed out.
After he left Mr. Todd came in to untie me. When he took off my blindfold I looked into the mirror. A smile crossed my lips, I looked well and truly fucked. My hair was a mess, my pussy and lips were red and the bedroom smelled like a whorehouse.
The last thought made me giggle.
This was a whorehouse.
I checked my butt, a dozen hickies covered my ass. I sighed, he was fingering me when I felt him leave one. Despite myself, I'd moaned encouragement through my gag, wiggling my ass and humping harder as he brought me to orgasm with his fingers. A smile crossed my lips as I touched one, tracing it to another and another. I was strangely proud and really didn't care if my husband saw them or not.
I looked at the rumpled sheets and then Mr. Todd. He was still watching me so I gave him a playful wink.
Not bothering to cover up I grabbed my clothes off the nearby chair where I'd folded them, "And that should be my last one," I said.
He nodded, and in a gravelly voice he said, "Good luck."
*****
(Kiera) A week later.
Well that was a fucking disaster.
Christ, I hated him. He was so fucking arrogant I wanted to kill him every time I saw him. He always had that same insufferable smirk. It made me want to hurt him.
This whole damn month had been one fuck up after another.
It all started when I decided to leave Chance. I'd had it. I wasn't even trying to catch him in his last affair, the dumbfuck had handed me his phone to show some stupid internet video and a picture text came through of a pair of tits and an "I miss you" message. I'd handed the phone back and stayed quiet.
He'd tried to play it off like it was one of his male friends playing a joke. I'd smiled and gone along with it but inside I was seething. I was tired of being cheated on. Not to be arrogant but I was hot as fuck and kinky as hell in bed. I was down for pretty much anything, hell, even a threesome now and again. I'd love to play with another girl or even share me with one of his friends. But no, this asshole cheated on me all the fucking time. I was sick of it.
I just had a few problems to overcome. Like every idiot love struck female I'd let him control all the finances, which meant I had no money. If I left now, I wouldn't even know where to go. My parents had died in my teens and I was an only child. All of my friends were his friends so I'd be homeless. I was almost finished with my degree in business, so I needed to find some way to get enough money to get a fresh start. I needed money, but it would be too obvious if I got a 40-hour a week job, I'd need to explain why I was saving all my money. He'd find out and then take it all or make me quit. He was well connected with other professors. I didn't like the idea of trying to find a job with him badmouthing me to anybody who'd listen. I needed to get away, go somewhere else where he wasn't known.
I remembered one of my friends talking about how much money her friend had made as a stripper. It was perfect, I'd only have to work a few nights a week and I would make bank. If I had to wear a thong and show my tits for a few months I'd consider it a small price to pay to be rid of that shady, cheating bastard.
The first couple months were perfect. I made eight grand all cash money that I was able to save. I figured in another two months I'd have more than fifteen thousand. I'd be able to leave town, with my degree and get a real job somewhere new.
Then I got greedy.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
A man had made me an offer. Par for the course usually, but foolishly I'd had a drink or two before coming to work. Suddenly the offer didn't seem that bad. He was good looking and he was offering for two hours what I usually made in two days. He also put me in contact with somebody that could take care of the transaction. A local madam. I hadn't even known she existed but I agreed and we met.
Apparently during the encounter I'd caught somebody's eye and Jeanette had come to me with another offer. It was twice the money and she swore to me that he was good looking. I was hesitant but the money was too good to pass up. The sex was really damn good despite being pretty kinky. In fact, I'd actually gotten into it and was making mental notes to try that on a more personal level someday.
We'd had two assignations and I'd made enough money that I was a month ahead of my plan. I'd passed my finals and would be graduating with honors.
Then it all went to hell.
Somehow Chance had found out. I don't know what he'd found out exactly, but he'd found the money I'd been saving. I'd stashed it in a shoebox thinking he'd never go into my shoes in a million years. He'd taken my money, more than $12k dollars. I was furious. I was also in tears. Fuck, I didn't think I could do this anymore.
I don't think he'd found out about the jobs but if I tried to work either now, he'd surely find out. He'd keep taking my money and I'd be screwed. I had no idea what to do.
I did know the source of my problems though. Chance might be a problem, but Jace, fuck him, that nerd was going to pay.
*****
(Jace) Ding, ding.
"FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!"
I looked up from my iPhone.
Kiera had walked into my tattoo parlor. Yes, I said my tattoo parlor. Being a genius was good money but I found that having an outlet for my creative side was as valuable. A little after I started on as a professor at the university, I opened a tattoo studio. I had two artists underneath me that came in at different times during the week. I only hired the best so my studio did pretty well. Not that I needed it too but still, it was satisfying in its own way.
My own tattoo work was extraordinary. I know this is not particularly modest but it was true nonetheless. Thursday night I wasn't usually open but my person had called in sick so I'd come by after teaching and had settled in. I was still wearing the black slacks, royal blue shirt, and a patterned blood red tie that I'd gone to school in.
Kiera stood in front of me fuming, I didn't say a word as she glared at me with her hands on her hips. She was beautiful wearing black leather thigh-high boots and a gray cashmere long-sleeve dress that came to mid-thigh. I tried not to stare at her but her black lipstick and fingernails gave her a slight dark look which made her even more irresistible to me.
"Can I help you?" I asked politely.
"Fuck you," she said. "I know it was you that talked to him."
I set my iPhone down, "Is that right?"
Clenching her fists, her face bright red, she leaned forward, "WHO THE FUCK ELSE WOULD HE GO TO? WHY THE FUCK DON'T YOU MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS? WHY THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE TO GET INVOLVED IN MY LIFE?" she screamed.
"Relax Hot Topic, I don't know what you're talking about."
Ding, ding.
A person walked into my shop.
She turned, "GO THE FUCK AWAY!"
He looked at me.
I sighed, "We're going to be closed tonight, but if you come back tomorrow, I'll knock an hour of your tattoo time price."
As I talked, I stood and walked to the dark-haired guy that had walked in. I picked up a card and pulled a pen from the front counter. I quickly wrote 'comp 1 hour' on the back and initialed it. The guy nodded and turned to leave.
"Good luck," he whispered as he walked out.
I'm sure he thought we were having some kind of lover's quarrel but I didn't waste time explaining it. Hell, I didn't know what "it" was.
I locked the door behind him and turned off the open sign. I checked my iPhone, 6:15 pm. Sighing I turned to face Kiera and moved back into the studio.
"Ok, let's do this by the numbers. First, I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about. I haven't told Chance shit about you."
"DON'T FUCKING LIE TO ME," she said moving toward me.
I raised an eyebrow, "I'm not lying, I have no idea what you're talking about."
She hauled off and slapped me, "YOU'RE A FUCKING LIAR."
I grabbed her hand when she tried to slap me again and pushed her away.
"He told me," she said. "He told me you're the one who told him I was leaving. WHY THE HELL DID YOU HAVE TO STICK YOUR NOSE IN MY BUSINESS?"
"Look, I'm telling you, I didn't tell him a damn thing."
"GOD, I HATE FUCKING LIARS," she screeched as she stepped forward and swung at me. She managed to tag me because I'd reflexively went to grab her hands and her punch caught me by surprise.
I brought a hand to my nose and came away with blood.
That does it!
I grabbed her. The look on my face must've shown her she crossed a line because I finally saw fear.
My shop uses top quality gear. I had big dentist style chairs that reclined, stretched out, and were all padded black leather and chrome. They were also heavy as hell, nearly 800 pounds each. They wouldn't move no matter how much a person shifted in them.
I pushed her back until she fell into the chair.
"Fucking asshole," she said as she struggled to get up.
I'm not sure what overcame me, I really can't justify what happened next. All I know was I was pissed. I straddled her body and pinned her down.
For a second, she looked at me in confusion. She didn't understand what I was doing until I pulled off my tie and grabbed her hands. It took me a couple of seconds to wrap it around her wrists and finally comprehension dawned on her. By then it was too late. I cinched the tie into a knot and brought her arms over her head. She squirmed against me but I had leverage and weight on her. I brought her hands behind the headrest and tied them extra tight but was still careful the silk didn't cut into her skin. When she'd been tied for me at the cat house it'd been with cotton rope, silk was much stronger, she wasn't going anywhere.
"What the fuck are you doing?"
She was still struggling but our bodies were pressed together and it was having a crazy effect on me. I didn't answer her. Instead I walked over to a small closet where I kept a few spare shirts and ties. I grabbed some of the ties and walked back to her.
"Hey asshole, fucking untie me you fucking loser," she said as she thrashed.
I looked her in the eyes and saw her anger, steeling myself I straddled her legs pinning them beneath me. Then I grabbed the hem of her dress and hiked it up her thighs revealing pink satin bikini panties with black trim.
Her face went into shock and she tried to buck me, I used her body movement to help me pull her dress up to her neck and over her head.
Surprise, she wasn't wearing a bra. Second surprise, her nipples were rock hard. I was sure it was the cool air versus the situation but it was still sexy to see.
I pushed her dress to past her elbows and wrapped another tie around her arms to secure the dress and her.
"I'm going to fucking kill you asshole. When I get free..."
I cut her words off by yanking her panties down to her ankles. She gasped in surprise as they slid past her boots.
At that point she let out a string of Spanish curse words that I'm sure if I'd understood them would have been impressive. Hell, it was impressive even not knowing most of them.
"You're done talking," I said as I wadded her panties into a ball and pushed them into her mouth. I used another tie to keep the gag in place as she glared at me and made muffled noises that I'm positive I didn't want to hear.
Her nose was flaring and if looks could kill I'd have been dead where I stood. She was stunned by the turn of events and didn't struggle as I spread her legs and tied her ankles to either side of the chair.
After I finished, I stepped back to look at her.
Despite the hate in her eyes she looked gorgeous. The chair was partially reclined, stretching her body to fell length showing all her sexy curves. Her glossy black hair flowed in ringlets around her face and her chest heaved from anger and the exertion spent fighting me. She shook her head trying to move the gag. Then her eyes tracked her hands locked together above her head and her legs spread displaying the small trimmed patch of black curls between her legs. For some reason the boots highlighted her nudity, made it seem more elegant. Or it could just be I had a thing for thigh-high boots, take your pick.
"Let's get a couple things straight," I said pulling a small stool forward to sit in front of her. Her eyes tracked me with hate but she'd quit struggling.
"First, as I said before, I haven't told Chance a damn thing. I really don't have any idea what you're talking about."
She gave a grunt and rolled her eyes.
"Something to say?"
She narrowed her eyes and stared at me. She nodded her head and I reached forward to pull the gag out.
After I pulled her panties out of her mouth, she swallowed a few times and said softly, "Fuck you. He already told me it was you."
"Told you what?" I asked.
Her jaw clenched and I could practically feel he anger rolling off her like heat from an oven.
"He found my money! I was leaving him and he found my money. He told me you told him," she said, her nostrils flared. "WHY COULDN'T YOU MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE?"
I was getting tired of her yelling so I shoved the gag back into her mouth making her let out a muffled yell.
"Chance came to me the other day, he was worried you were leaving him. He also thought you might be having an affair or something. The only thing I told him was that if you were leaving him, you'd be hiding money or something."
She made a muffled noise and tilted her head. I pulled the gag out again.
"God you're fucking stupid. Thanks, thanks asshole for clueing him in. He went looking for a stash and found one. Why the fuck couldn't you mind your own business?"
Once again, I put her panties back in her mouth.
"Don't blame me for your problems," I hissed. "I didn't have a damn thing to do with your marriage issues. If I was really involved, I'd have let him know how you got the money."
Fear crossed her eyes, she didn't know what I knew. She was here because she thought I'd talked to Chance.
"This position seems familiar? Huh? It should, I paid to have you like this back to back days last week."
I let that sink in and her eyes bulged at the realization. Disbelief and fear were plain on her face. I didn't care, I was furious she was trying to dump all her problems on me.
"If you have problems with your marriage, maybe you shouldn't be fucking around."
Her eyes glazed with fury as she looked at me.
"Oh good, I like that. You hate me?"
She nodded.
"Yeah, I'll bet you do," I said.
"Maybe when you get free, you'll call the police or something. Of course, then I'll have to explain about what we did before, tell them that I paid to do this to you and then we'll have to get Jeanette involved. I don't imagine she'll be too happy to have her business exposed."
I could see it in her eyes, she knew she couldn't do anything to me. The hateful look doubled.
I glanced down at her body. Her nipples were still hard and her skin shone with a small sheen of sweat from the effort of struggling. The curls between her legs glistened.
Never taking my eyes from hers I took off my clothes. She watched me without moving.
I moved on top of her, sliding between her legs. On some level hate and arousal must cross because I pushed inside her easily. We moved against each other. Even though her hips thrust against me I could feel the anger, the pure fury behind her eyes. She was defeated, she knew she couldn't do anything about what I was doing. If she tried, she'd be ruined herself.
I felt her body tense, she came before me, her body quivered as she strained against the ties. I came right after, unleashing inside her, watching her eyes close and fingers grasp in time with my pulsing.
I stood and got cleaned up then untied her.
Neither of us said a word as we got dressed. She pulled the panties from her mouth and tossed them on my chair as she tugged her dress back into place. Once she smoothed it out, she turned and left without a word.
*****
The next week I stopped by Chance's for dinner but got there a little early. Nobody was around when I knocked on his door. I started to wait in my car but his complex had a small basketball court. I was dressed in sweats and a tanktop and I always kept a basketball in my car so I decided to shoot some hoops to pass the time.
It felt really weird when Chance invited me over. He said he wanted to talk to me, clear the air. I cheerfully agreed but then spent the next day wondering if there was some subtle game going on. Clear what air? Had Kiera mentioned our thing? What was happening? I couldn't think of a scenario that made any sense so I put it from my mind and figured I'd play it by ear. Worst case scenario, he knew what she'd done, what I'd done, and planned on confronting one or the both of us.
It's strange, once you accept something into your head a peace settles over you. I wasn't going to worry about what could occur. I'd deal with everything as it transpired.
I'd just taken a shot when suddenly Kiera pulled up. I hadn't seen her since our incident last week so I had no idea how this was going to play out.
When she parked her car and got out a thug looking Mexican stepped from the passenger side.
Great, so that was how she was going to play it. Maybe I'd made inner peace too soon.
I assumed she knew I was coming to dinner and she brought a friend to either harass me or cause trouble.
I kept shooting and as if on cue they walked over.
"What up ese?"
I looked over and nodded, "Nothing much."
I shot a quick glance at Kiera, she narrowed her eyes and a small smile crossed her face.
"I'm Julio, a friend of Kiera's."
"Nice to meet you Julio," I said. I wondered what she told him about me, the truth seemed unlikely so I wondered what she said to get him to agree to this confrontation.
"You don't shake hands when you meet someone?" he asked with an edge to his voice.
I inwardly rolled my eyes, he was going to use any excuse.
"I'm sorry," I said as I walked up and held out my hand. He took it and we did the whole squeezing the hand thing. I was not impressed but I didn't bother to try and squeeze back.
He was so busy squeezing I realized we'd be there forever if I didn't play along. I faked a grimace and he finally let my hand go.
I went back to shooting hoops as they watched me for a few minutes. They whispered back and forth for a moment.
"Want to play a game of twenty-one?" he suddenly called out.
I saw confusion cross Kiera's face for a split second. I can only assume he was winging it, she probably thought he would come and make threats all night. I don't think she realized how physical a game of basketball could be.
Still, I didn't see any way to avoid it. If I said no, he'd accuse me of being rude or something else. It was obvious he was here to start something. I might as well control it as much as possible. Besides, maybe I deserved it for what I did.
He stepped onto the court and as I took my shirt off, I studied him.
I hate to use the phrase typical thug Mexican but I swear he came straight out of a movie version. Somewhat short, with a shaved head and brown eyes, he stood about five inches less than my 6-foot height with dark brown skin covered in homemade tattoos. Despite our difference in height he much wider. Strangely he was wearing black shorts with a Kobe Bryant Lakers tank top. I doubt he expected to play basketball so I'm sure it was a coincidence. Despite his size I could tell he wasn't that muscular.
"Shoot for outs?" he asked.
I shrugged, "You're the guest, you can have first."
He nodded and checked me the ball. I threw it back as Kiera stepped to the side of the court. He dribbled a few times and charged the hoop with his shoulder leading, I could tell he was hoping to hit me center mass and knock me down. I angled my body and took the check while diverting most of his energy to the side. (Let's hear it for physics.) He kept dribbling and put up a shot as he got close to the rim.
Not to be critical, but he sucked as a basketball player. I played multiple times a week and while I wouldn't be on a college team, I was a respectable player for a city league. By this guy's standards, I was Michael Jordan. He missed and I jumped up and grabbed the rebound, as I landed, he slammed into my back and I hit the fence that surrounded the court.
That pretty much set the tone for the rest of the game. Skill wise he wasn't the worst I ever played. However, it was the hardest won victory on the court I ever had. He took every opportunity to foul me, hard! He checked, charged, used his hands, chest, elbows, and every other dirty trick he could think of to manhandle me.
I took it all in stride, if this was Kiera's type of petty revenge, the hell with it, let her have it. I definitely got the better end of the deal. As I sank the last shot, I gave her a wicked smile and a wink. She narrowed her eyes and scowled at me.
Julio stomped away. I'm not sure what he was mad about, he delivered some pretty good blows to me during the game. I can't believe he actually expected to win too. He stood next to Kiera fuming and when she tried to put a hand on his shoulder in consolation, he smacked it off and hit her in the lip.
That brought my head up.
"Get off me puta," he snapped.
As focused as he was on her he never saw me coming.
I didn't like her. I didn't like what had happened between her and Chance. I thought they were both assholes and deserved each other. I thought she was a manipulative bitch, but still, hell will freeze over before I let some asshole manhandle her in front of me. To be fair, I don't think he actually tried to hit her, it seemed more like when he smacked her hand, he accidentally got her face. And if he'd showed immediate remorse or sorrow, I would've shrugged it off.
He did not.
Some lessons must be taught the hard way.
My fist cracked into his jaw completely unannounced. He half spun and went to one knee dazed.
Pro tip: If you can walk away from a fight, do it. But if you fight, fight. Only an idiot hits somebody then waits to see what they'll do. If you hit a person you keep hitting that person until they're unconscious.
Unless you want to teach them a lesson, that is. I knew I could've knocked him out if I'd kept punching. But that was not my goal. I wanted him to know who was better.
I let him get his bearings and he stood up. Kiera's stood there in open mouthed surprise. I'm pretty sure she thought I was in for a massive beatdown. So sorry to disappoint.
Julio got up and spread his arms, he started talking.
"You want some of me? You want some of this? You don't know who you're messing with ese."
Pro tip: I love hood rats, gang bangers, whatever you want to call them. They love to start fights with their arms out to their sides. They think it looks impressive or something, I don't know. I play a lot of basketball and emotions can get hot, so I've actually been in a few fights here and there. They always spread their arms and do that, "You want a piece of me?" thing. I like to oblige them, it's best to do it while they're talking, it catches them off-guard.
I fought the urge to roll my eyes and snapped a couple of jabs into his chin before he finished his sentence.
That rocked him back.
"Mutherfucker..." he yelled and launched a haymaker.
I ducked, tagged him with an uppercut and two more jabs to knock him down again.
He spit blood and rushed to get up.
Again, I could have done more damage but I wanted to give him a chance to think about this whole exchange.
I'd been better off explaining physics to my pet pig.
I looked at Kiera to see her stunned face.
Julio stood up, yelled and rushed me. I stepped to the side and tagged him with a jab and a hook. I will admit to being mildly impressed, as he managed to stay on his feet and even threw a wild swing that managed to connect. I'd hiked my shoulder up so most of his force was blocked but he did hit me in the side of the ear, it stung a little.
I returned the favor by crashing a hard blow into his ribs then closed the distance and brought an elbow across his face, he went down again.
Controlling my breathing, I stepped back. I was still a little winded from the basketball game. This really wasn't affecting me, but at the same time, I didn't want to waste energy. I should have pressed on, but as I mentioned, I wanted to teach a lesson here. If I'd beaten him before he had a chance, he'd think I'd gotten lucky and maybe come back again to settle up. I wanted him to realize, this wasn't luck, he was outclassed. Of course, my plan required a modicum of intelligence on his part, which so far had been utterly lacking. Still, one could hope.
Panting, he spit blood and looked away as I stepped closer.
Pro tip: If somebody looks away from you in a fight, it's because they're about to rush. This is the sure sign of a rookie, they like to do it at the start of fights. They look to a friend and say something and when they think you're distracted they lunge forward with a hook or jab. Only amateurs and bullies do this kind of shit. Which is probably half the population. There is a very simple counter to this tactic.
Sure enough, as he got to his feet he lunged. I stepped inside his hook and brought my head down.
Ever run into a door jamb? Do you know why it's so devastating? It's because when you're hit your body makes all sorts of subtle muscular adjustments. When you hit a door jamb, or get hit unexpectedly, none of these changes happen. It can rock your world, and that's just from a little accidental force. When you step into a blow that is unexpected, you compound the force. His face met my moving skull with a crack that sounded like a firecracker and his nose exploded with blood.
This time when he went down, he didn't move. I stood over him and he looked at me through the bloodied mess of his face.
"She wants to hang with losers, fine, that's her problem. You ever touch her again like that, I'll put you in the hospital."
I left him and walked over to pick up my shirt and wipe the sweat of my body. Then I used the shirt to wipe the blood off my face and other areas it'd splattered.
Julio lay on the ground moaning while Kiera never lost her amazed expression.
"I sure hope he doesn't get any blood in your car," was all I said before I walked away.
*****
To be continued...
Note: Comments always appreciated.