"Kyle!" My sister, Kelly, called to me from her room.
I was down in the kitchen, rummaging through the cabinets looking for something to have for breakfast. Kelly and I were both home from college for the holiday break. I was a graduate student and Kelly was a sophomore, being three years younger than me. Mom and Dad had left early this morning to drive up to Oklahoma City to go Christmas shopping and they told us they'd be gone all day -- so, Kelly and I were left to fend for ourselves until sometime late this evening when Mom and Dad returned.
"In the kitchen!" I yelled back to her. "You want some breakfast?"
"I'm right here," I heard her say, standing right behind me. "You don't have to yell."
I turned to see Kelly standing behind me in one of her short sleep shirts. It was barely long enough to hide her panties from my searching eyes. Her nipples were poking out from under her shirt and I could easily see the bulk of her breasts straining against the thin t-shirt material. I tried very hard not to stare at her, since I definitely didn't want her to get self-conscious and go back to her bedroom and put something else on. Besides, I didn't need to stare - I'd seen her naked enough times to know exactly what she looked like underneath the shirt.
Kelly and I made small talk as we had a breakfast of cold cereal and juice. Once she was finished eating, Kelly asked, "Can you come up to my room for a few minutes? I've got something to talk to you about."
Figuring she wanted to talk about Christmas presents for Mom and Dad, I told her I'd be up in a few minutes. The last few years, Kelly and I combined our meager earnings to get Mom and Dad a present from the both of us, and I was sure she wanted to see about doing the same thing this year. So, after I cleaned up our dishes and put them in the dishwasher, I went up to Kelly's room.
She was still in her sleep shirt, brushing her hair, as I stopped in her door way and looked in. With every stroke of her brush, I could see her breasts jiggle and the tips of her nipples graze against her shirt. Kelly was an amazingly beautiful girl, completely unaware how stunning she was, or how her tight, lithe body affected me. She seemed to blossom into womanhood almost overnight when she was a senior in high school. One day she was my scrawny, knobby kneed little sister, and the next moment, she was an eighteen year old knock out, and she didn't even know it.
Looking at her, I felt a little guilty about fantasizing and thinking about by own little sister in a sexual way, but, it was really her own fault. She wore the skimpiest outfits around me, and it was unbelievably easy to catch her dressing and undressing behind her almost closed door. She was completely oblivious to the incredible shows she'd been giving me for the last three years, and I'd even stroked myself numerous times standing out in the hallway outside her door after Mom and Dad had gone to bed, watching her undress -- even seeing her touch herself one night after a late night shower. Kelly was a walking fantasy for me and the primary reason I came home to visit as much as I did. If I knew Kelly was going to be home, I'd be there, too.
One thing I really loved about Kelly was that she was incredibly carelessness with her panties. She'd leave them in the bathroom or in plain sight on the floor of her bed room, just begging me to inspect and examine them closely. It was never hard for me to get a pair of her warm, moist panties -- and if I timed it right, I could usually have them in my hands within ten or fifteen minutes of the time she took them off. Believe me, they were something to behold, and I enjoyed them immensely. I would simply hide them in the big laundry basket in the laundry room when I was done with them, Mom would wash them up and no one would know. I'd done it probably a hundred times.
Although Kelly and I go to different schools, and I only see her at home for holidays and school breaks, she was still my faithful eye candy and I measured every girl's beauty against hers. She was truly an alluring and sexy girl, and she quickly became the center of all my fantasies and masturbation sessions.
When Kelly saw me standing in her doorway, she pointed to her bed and asked me to come in. As I sat down she asked, "Do you know what the term 'Quid Pro Quo' means?"
"Sure." I answered. "It means if you do something for me, I'll do something for you."
"Exactly!" Kelly exclaimed, followed by, "And I'm glad you defined it in those terms because I think there's a little Quid Pro Quo you owe me. Since Mom and Dad are going to be gone until late, I thought today would be a good time to collect."
"I'm not following you." I replied.
"Kyle," she explained, "whether you believe it or not, I'm not blind or stupid. I know you've been peeking at me and stealing my panties for at least a couple of years. I've never said anything or tried to stop you. But, it's time for you to pay me back."
It took me a few seconds to comprehend what she said, and I knew it was time to make my exit to the safety of my own room. When I started to get up from her bed, she took a few steps and stood in front of me. "Not so fast, big brother." She warned, with a serious look in her eyes.
"You're going to hear me out." Kelly advised. "I've let you watch me in the bathroom when I take a shower or a bath. I leave my bedroom door cracked open so you can peek in and watch me get dressed and undressed. I've left my panties where you could find them and given you ample opportunities to see me naked."
"Kyle," she continued, with her hand on her hips, "I even shaved my pussy, and kept it shaved so you could see it better. I've let you watch me play with myself and I always gave you enough time to make yourself cum when you were peeking at me."
"You must be out of your mind, Kelly." I argued as I tried to get by her and out the door.
"I hope you're not trying to deny any of this," Kelly answered sternly, "because if you are, you're going to regret it."
"Kelly...." I said, about to try to defend myself. But she stopped me and told me to let her finish.
"Look, Kyle," Kelly said sympathetically, "I don't want you to think I'm mad, because I'm not. I know you've been doing this for a while, and honestly, I could have stopped it any time if I'd wanted to. The truth is, I let it go on because I enjoyed teasing you and making you hot for me. But, it's time for you to pay me back, and if you don't, I promise you'll never see me naked again and you'll never get another pair of my panties as long as I live. I mean that, Kyle.... I'm not kidding."
One thing about Kelly, she knew how to express herself, and the words she'd chosen to chew me out left no question in my mind where we stood. I was busted and she wanted some thing in return.
"So," she continued, "today, you're either going to start paying me back, or it's all over." Kelly said, crossing her arms over her chest, cradling her breasts in front of me. "Today, you're going to even the score and we're going to get this out in the open, or.... you've sniffed your last panty, big brother."
Seeing I had no choice other than to capitulate, I simply said, "Okay, fine."
"Good." She replied. "And, I expect you to cooperate fully. You can start by taking off your clothes - all of them...... and I mean right now."
Kelly took a few steps back and shrugged her shoulders at me. "Go ahead." She said calmly. "Start undressing. I want to see you naked."
I was stunned and shocked at what she asked me to do, but, fearing what would happen if I didn't start taking my clothes off, I grabbed the bottom hem of my shirt and I pulled it over my head. When my shirt was off, Kelly held her hand out and asked me to give it to her. "Hmm," she moaned in satisfaction, "I can't wait to see you naked, Kyle. You don't know how long I've waited for this."
"Here," she said, reaching out to grab my wrist and pull me out to the center of her room, "stand here so I can sit on the bed and watch you strip." Giggling, Kelly moved back to the bed and sat down, crossing her legs indian style. Unconsciously, I glanced between her legs hoping to see her panty covered crotch, and when she saw me looking, she smiled and pulled her sleep shirt up to her waist. "Can you see now?" Kelly asked as she smiled up at me. "Go ahead..... I don't mind if you look. In fact, I want you to look. I bet you recognize these panties, don't you?"
It was true. I'd seen those panties many times. Most recently, I saw them the night I arrived home from school, just five days ago. Kelly was already home, having arrived a few hours ahead of me. As soon as I walked in the door that night, I had to pee after my long drive. So, after hugging my Mom and shaking Dad's hand, I ran up the stairs to the hall bathroom and found those exact same light blue panties lying on the floor next to the bath tub. I looked down at them while I peed, and I remember smiling to myself -- thinking what a nice home coming present my sister left me. Without thinking, I picked them up and looked inside at the crotch panel for the signs of Kelly's natural wetness. Sure enough, there was a small spot of clear, slick pussy juice -- still wet and fresh from Kelly's pussy. Chuckling to myself, I stuffed them in my pocket not even the slightest bit concerned that Kelly might miss them. After all, I'd taken her panties so many times and got away with it each time, I didn't even consider the fact that she might find them gone.
"Jeans next." Kelly said, smiling at me and pointing to my pants.
"I'm sure you didn't realize it," she giggled, "but, I was wearing these panties when I heard you come through the front door the other night. You know, it only took me about thirty seconds to take them off and toss them in the bathroom. No more than two minutes later, you went in there. Funny thing, though," Kelly added, "I looked in there after you left the bathroom and guess what? My panties were gone. These exact same ones, Kyle, the ones I'm wearing now. Surely you remember?"
Kelly had a shit-eating grin on her face. That night, I'd kept her panties in my pocket until I went to bed. Then, in the seclusion of my own room, I pulled them out and laid her silky panties across my face and jacked my cock. Even as I stood there in front of my sister, about to unfasten my jeans and step out of them, I could still remember how good her panties smelled. And, I was starting to get hard recalling the way I sniffed and licked her panties while I jerked myself that night.
Snapping me back to reality, I heard Kelly say, "Just to prove that I'm a fair person, I'll take my shirt off so you can see my boobs after you take your jeans off. Then after you take your underwear off, I'll take mine off, too. You'd like that wouldn't you, Kyle?"
I nodded my head up and down as my hands unfastened my jeans and pulled the zipper down. Kelly, seeing that I was about to take my pants off, adjusted the way she was sitting so that she was half laying down on her side with one of her knees bent way up. Again, she pulled her night shirt up, this time almost to the bottom of her breasts and then she lewdly thrust her pelvis out at me.
"Come on, Kyle!" She hissed. "Hurry up. Can't you see I'm waiting to see what you've got in there? Do you have a hard-on now?"
I nodded my head again and she smiled. "Tell me, big brother," she said, "and I want the truth now -- when you take my panties, what exactly do you do with them? I think I already know, but, it'll be more fun to hear you say it."
I started to answer her, but she pointed urgently to my jeans and told me not to stop undressing. "Keep stripping and answer my question." She told me.
Pushing my jeans down, I admitted I'd been sniffing her panties and using them to masturbate. "Be specific." Kelly replied, "I want to know exactly what you do with my panties. And, don't leave anything out."
About that time, Kelly's hand drifted down to her crotch and she began to lightly stroke herself outside of her panties. When she saw me watching her, she moved herself around so I could see her whole crotch, not just the front of her panties. "See how nice I'm being, Kyle. You can look as much as you want. Just keep stripping and tell me what you do with my panties when you steal them."
"I put them over my face sometimes." I replied as I stepped out of my jeans and tossed them on the floor. "Usually I lie down and drape your panties over my face with the crotch over my nose and then I masturbate."
"You what?" She said, laughing. "You mean you jerk-off?" Kelly asked.
"Jerk-off. Jack-off. Masturbate. Choke the chicken. Whatever you want to call it, Kelly." I answered. "Sometimes, I put the crotch panel in my mouth and suck on it."
"Oh, God!" Kelly moaned. "That's so nasty, big brother. But I love the idea of you sucking on my panties after I've worn them. Do I taste good?" Kelly asked.
"More than good, Kelly." I replied, telling her the truth. "I can't describe it with words, but, believe it when I say I'd love to have a never ending supply of your panties."
Kelly's eyes were trained on the bulge inside my underwear. I prefer cotton jockey briefs, and my stiff rod was pushing against them, throbbing and waiting to be unleashed. "Come closer," she asked, "I want to look at you before you take your underwear off."
With that, Kelly sat up and pulled her sleep shirt over her head and threw it on the floor with my jeans. She used her hands to cup her boobs, offering them up to my eyes. "See, I kept my word, Kyle. This is the way it's going to be from now on. I'll do for you what you do for me. If you want to see me naked, you're going to have to let me see you naked, too. If you want my panties, you're going to have to let me watch you with them."
When I stepped in front of her, she leaned in toward my waist, not more than four or five inches from the bulge in my underwear and sighed. "I've never seen a guy play with himself himself, Kyle -- I mean all the way until he cums. You're going to do that for me, aren't you?" She asked.
"Are you going to give me your panties?" I countered.
"Ooohhh." She sighed as she fingered her pussy through her panties. "I'd love that. Are you going to sniff and lick them if I do?" She asked. "They're getting nice and wet."
I couldn't stop myself from reaching down into my underwear and pulling my cock out. I did it so fast, I think it startled her and I don't think she was ready for what she saw. I was amazingly hard and stiff. I don't claim to be huge in the dick department, but, I'm not small either, and I don't think Kelly had ever seen a full eight inch cock, throbbing and drooling precum just inches in front of her face.
"God, Kyle!" Kelly yelped. "It's huge. I had no idea..... I mean, you're so big!"
I had to smile. I knew I wasn't really that big, but, I am rather thick and I'm sure it looked bigger than it really was, waving so close to her face.
Kelly edged her hands down to the waistband of her panties and started to push them down. "Don't." I said to her.
When she looked up at me, I asked her if she'd leave her panties on a while longer. "Look," I said, hesitantly, "I've got kind of a thing about your panties, so, if you wouldn't mind leaving them on a little longer, that would be good for me."
"Now, that's a first." She replied. "Every other guy is always trying to get me out of my panties, but, you're trying to keep me in them. But, fine with me..... I still want you naked, though."
I pushed my tidy whiteys down my legs and kicked them off. Slowly, I began to stroke myself, stopping every now and then to hold my cock still and point it at her. Kelly's fingers were busy tracing the valley between her legs, creating quite a wet spot in those light blue panties. I watched her as she watched me and it wasn't long before her wetness seeped through the fabric of her panties onto her fingers.
Kelly's other hand was playing with one of her nipples, gently teasing it and lightly squeezing it. My eyes were moving between her breasts and her crotch, and glancing up into her eyes to see if she was still looking at my rod. Finally, after a few minutes, our eyes met and she smiled. "When I take my panties off, if you want to look at me closely, you can. I'll hold myself open and you can look at my pussy. I shaved it up this morning just for you, Kyle. You can sniff me and see where all that nice pussy juice comes from. Are you interested in that? Want to see your little sister's pussy up close?"
"Oh, yeah," I answered, still stroking my pole, "I'd love to see your pussy that close."
"I still want to see you cum, though." Kelly added. "So you can look at me for a few minutes as long as you promise not to cum while you're looking."
The wet spot on her panties had grown by now and her fingers were slimy with her secretions. She must have read my mind when I noticed how wet her fingers were, because she pulled her hand away and held it out to me. "Want a sniff?" Kelly asked.
Without stopping the way I was jacking myself, I got down on my knees next to the bed and pulled her fingers to my nose. I accidently touched her juice covered fingers to my upper lip as I guided her hand to my nose, and when I did, she smiled. "I'd love to see you suck my fingers, big brother."
I didn't need any more encouragement than that, and as soon as the words left her lips, I pushed her fingers into my mouth and began sucking. "Damn, Kyle," Kelly moaned, "can you believe you're sucking my pussy juices off my fingers? That's really, really nasty."
Taking her fingers out of my mouth and watching her move them back between her legs, I looked up into Kelly's eyes. "If you think that's nasty," I groaned, "I've got some incredibly nasty fantasies I like to think about when I jack off with your panties. They'd probably make you blush...... they're that nasty."
"Oh, really!" She said excitedly. "Like what? You've got to tell me!" Kelly begged.
"Okay," I answered, panting as I stroked myself wildly, "like having you sitting on my face with your panties on while I licked and sucked you...... or, having you lie on your back with your knees pulled up so I could eat your pussy..... or, taking a fresh pair of your panties and pushing them all the way up into your pussy and leaving them there for a few hours until they were completely saturated with your wetness, and then taking them out and playing with them. Those are just a few of the things I think about."
"No shit?" She said. "You've thought about doing those things with me?"
"That's a fact," I answered, "pretty nasty, huh?"
"Oh, my God!" Kelly panted. "You're right, that all sounds really nasty." She replied. Then with a sparkle in her eyes she said, "We can do all that, Kyle. As much as you want and anything else you've thought about, but, you have to do something for me in return."
My cock throbbed in my hand when I heard her words. "Sure, anything you want." I replied. "Just name it."
Kelly looked at me and took a deep breath. "I want you to make love to me, big brother." She answered. I stopped stroking my cock and stared at her in disbelief.
Peeking at my sister, stealing, sniffing and sucking on her panties was one thing. I could even justify letting her see me naked and jacking off in front of her -- if you can believe that. But, I'd never seriously entertained the thought about fucking her -- it seemed so unlikely and I just took it for granted that I'd burn in hell if I ever tried such a thing. Not that I didn't want to, mind you. Honestly, it would be a dream come true for me.
"Don't look at me like that!" She said as she closed her legs, sat up and looked into my eyes. "I've been waiting two years for you to figure it out. I've been sending you every signal I could - short of actually asking you, that is. Why do you think I've been teasing you so long - letting you peek at me and steal my panties?"
"Kyle," she went on, "I've wanted this for a really long time. I want you to be my first. I want you to take my virginity......"
"But, Kelly," I interrupted, "don't you want your first time to be with someone you love so it's special for you?"
"That's what I'm trying to tell you." She answered. "I want my first time to be with you. It will be special, and...." she looked away for a second and then she blushed and said, "it will be with someone I love."
At that moment, I realized two things. First, she was serious - she wanted me to take her virginity, and, second, if she'd really been saving it for me, I better damn well do it.
"You know it can't be undone, right?" I asked. "It's not like we can erase it like it never happened. Every time we look at each other, we'll remember. You realize that?"
"I know." She replied. Her pleading eyes searched mine as she said, "I've dreamed about it, Kyle..... I've dreamed about having you inside me. I want it to be slow and loving. I don't want it from some guy who only wants to get him self off. I want it to be wonderful and I want to experience an orgasm with a man inside me. Can you understand that?"
"Of course I can." I answered. Then after a few seconds, I added, "Sure..... I'd be honored to be your first. I promise to go slow and I'll take extra time to make sure you enjoy it. I'll let you set the pace and you can tell me what you want me to do."
"Oh, thank you, Kyle!" Kelly exclaimed, throwing herself into my arms. "And I'll do all those other things you fantasized about, I promise..... and you can have all the panties you want and you can see me naked every day."
When she pulled back from our hug, she pressed her lips to mine and we shared the most amazing kiss. I felt something deep in my gut as we kissed -- something warm and satisfying. Then Kelly hugged me again, and whispered in my ear, "Just one more thing, big brother -- promise me that after you make slow passionate love to me, you'll fuck me long and hard and teach me how to do all the nasty things you've fantasized about. Will you do that? Will you teach me how to be a nasty little sister?"
"Hell yes." I answered. "You can start right now by taking those panties off and handing them to me."