I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
Back to normal. Well at least the new normal
Again, Ivan picked me up Monday morning like nothing had happened that weekend. We treated each other like the previous week. We were again employee and employer. But my imagination kept going back to Kiko's party and the wonderful young cocks I had entertained. I was happy that my story stood up. I was even happier that I, a cougar, had pleased four young studs.
I wasn't quite the same hard bitch at work. It wasn't that I was so much easier to please but I more prone to listen before reaming someone.
The head of Security was on my schedule. After discussions on several topics, he asked, "How is it going with Ivan? I know you were skeptical about taking on him."
I smiled, I think this caught him by surprise, "You were right. He is the right person for the job. While he can never replace Proctor, he is fine. We've an out of town trip next week. If he does well then, I am in favor of taking him off probation and giving him a raise. If you are."
"I've been very happy with his performance. He seems to like it here and fits in very well. That will be a month. I would like to give him positive feedback now, if you are okay with that."
"I am. Tell him how pleased I am with his performance. I feel very safe around him." I didn't say what a wonderful dick he had but I wanted to.
"Good. I must say that you have changed a little. You are somehow more, ah, well, relaxed."
I said, "Don't get too comfortable with me. I am still a bitch. But I have mellowed a little bit with success. But never think I will compromise my businesses."
He said, "Understood."
That week I continued to use the anal plugs. I could wear the medium sized plug without pain. I wore them to work to remind myself I had a separate life. I was successfully keeping my Sofia life separate from my Dr. Ricci life. But I found sexual fantasies entering my thoughts more at work than before. I would be working on a tough problem with a team at work and would remember Alex fucking me doggie style. One time one of my engineers asked me if I were okay. At the moment, I was imagining Ivan's beautiful dick in my ass. I shook it off but had to really concentrate to keep the sexual thoughts out of my head.
I was becoming obsessed with young men's penises. I was dreaming about them. I couldn't keep it from happening. I was also getting wet more often. Now that I knew sex could be so much fun, it seemed to escalate my sensitivities. My nipples seemed to always be agitated which in turn turned my pussy into a pool of excitement. My panties had wet spots every day. I wanted to masturbate every night. But I decided I needed a little discipline, only I didn't know where I would get my next sex fix.
Ivan had told me that he and Kiko were going to the mountain for the weekend. Since we had him going with me on a business trip the following week, he got Friday off. I was worried about what I would do on Saturday. I needed some cock. And I was ready to try it in my ass. I thought about trying a bar again. I mean in spite of Proctor's warning, it had worked out when I picked up Bob. In fact, I decided Bob's smaller penis would be a good one to start with.
Then it hit me. I had promised to call Bob. I sent my assistant Denise out to get me a throwaway prepaid phone. I called him as soon as she got back.
Bob answered, "Hi this is Bob Thomlinson. How can I help you?"
I said, "This is Sofia." I remembered that we had talked about him much more than myself, so I could use the same story I told Ivan's posse. The good thing was that the story I had told was mostly true. Plus, I had enough time to get it perfected.
Bob said, "I am so glad to hear from you." It sounded like he really meant it.
I said, "I just wanted to find out how you are doing?"
Bob said, "Well not so good. I would really like to see you. I have to be in your town for a meeting on Monday. Would you have Saturday night free? I would come into town early, if we could talk."
I said, "That would be great. Want to meet at the bar again?"
He said, "Yes, I am staying at the same hotel. Just a preview. I did confront Maxine and it didn't go so well. But I would rather tell you the story when we meet. We could have dinner there at the hotel. Is six too early?"
I said, "No that is fine. Bob, I am so glad I am going to get to see you again."
He said, "Me too. I look forward to Saturday night."
Okay, now I was excited. And it got better.
Thursday morning while Ivan was driving me to work he said, "Thanks for giving me tomorrow off. Kiko and I are really looking forward to seeing her brother."
"You guys have fun."
"The boys wanted me to give Sofia a message."
I smiled, "Sofia is ready to hear what the boys have to say."
"The posse is going to the home opener for the Blaze. Kind of a tradition. It is a blast. We drink lots of beer and act crazy. They asked me to invite you. Actually, they said for me to beg you to come."
I giggled a little, "So the boys want Sofia back?"
"Yes, ma'am they certainly do."
"I would be happy to but what is the Blaze?"
Ivan laughed, "Sorry, ma'am. They're the college football, I mean soccer team. A lot of the people in this condo happen to be European so they are big on soccer. This is strictly minor league but we enjoy them. In fact, the posse plays in the city league. I expect they will want you to come to a game when the league starts up."
"Well, I guess I need to start studying soccer."
Ivan said, "I am sure you will be an expert in a week. After all you mastered poker in no time."
"Put I lost!"
Ivan laughed, "No I think you won exactly what you wanted to win." I nodded and smiled. "Anyway, the boys will be so happy you are coming. Ray wanted me to remind you that, you owe him."
"Tell Ray, I remember. What should I wear?"
"The guys have an outfit picked out for you already. Don't worry Kiko is helping them pick it out."
"Will Kiko be there?"
"No, she is slammed at school and has to sit out this one."
"Too bad, I really like her company. Is there anything I can help with?"
"Just wear what the guys pick out. The guys will be happy to see you in the outfit they pick out."
I smiled, "Sounds like fun. I will learn about soccer."
Date with Bob
I worked at home Saturday morning. But by noon, I started thinking about my date with Bob. I was again faced with what to wear. This being a cougar was hard work. For the office, I just pick any of my power outfits. The only office worker cougar outfits I had was the one I wore the last time with Bob and the pink outfit Kiko had gotten me for the poker party.
I went to Target. Yes, you heard correctly Target. I assumed this is where an office worker would shop for fancy clothing. I found an outfit that I thought might work. It costs me less than fifty bucks for the whole thing. It was funny how much I enjoyed shopping for this outfit. For many years I had a professional shopper buying my clothes. Before I became rich I bought black slacks and baggy shirts. It was not so much shopping but picking the cheapest thing on the rack. In this case, I wanted it to look sexy on a budget.
I got home just in time to shower and dress. The idea of trying anal with Bob excited me. I had worked up to the largest anal plug which I knew was larger than Bob. Just thinking about having a man fucking me in such an intimate way was making me wet. As I showered, I fought to keep my hands off my crotch. As I used the anal plugs, the more outrageous my fantasies had gotten.
I put on the Target panties and dress. The dress was a navy blue deep V neck long sleeve Evening Party Cocktail dress. It draped to the waist leaving a gap between my breasts. No bra could be worn with it. Luckily my boob job forced my full F's to stand up with just a small droop. Except for a faint scar between the nipple and base of my breasts, you would never know they were doctored. The dress was tight around my hips with a stretchy gauzy material pulled tight in back by a zipper. The material was doubled layered to below the crotch and single layers to mid-thigh showing most of my thighs. The workouts had made my large thighs tight, muscular, and shapely.
I added the cheap costume jewelry I had bought at Walmart. I wore a large blue white glass necklace that hung between my large breasts and matching large earring. Cost all of twenty-five bucks. I wore a pair of blue expensive pumps from my normal wardrobe. I didn't think that Bob would notice that they were very expensive designer shoes. The professional shopper purchased them for me so I could only guess how expensive they were. But I knew they weren't from Target. But, men never notice shoes anyway. Do they?
I looked in the mirror and thought that it looked sexy. It certainly showed off my new and improved breasts. And while I was still a big girl, I now had a waist. My large hips, 40+, had a nice shape that this cheap dress showed off. While looking in the mirror, I decided to have my professional shopper buy me a similar outfit for Dr. Ricci. Up until now I avoided all social events that would allow this sexier look.
I put lip stick, cash and anal lube in my new ten-dollar Target blue and white beaded evening purse. A taxi transported me to Bob's hotel. The anticipation was overwhelming. I was wet between my legs. I was glad that I had on thicker cotton panties to soak up some of the fluid.
I walked into the lobby and there was Bob. He was dressed in a blue business suit without the tie.
Bob said, "My gracious Sofia, you are beautiful."
I beamed, "You mean you like this?" I made a 360 turn to show him my bare back, tight material stretched across my ass and most of my legs.
"Like it. You are a vision. I wish I looked better."
Ok, I had to admit, he didn't compare to the studs who had fucked me the previous weekend. But still, I felt a connection with him. He was balding, had a middle-aged spread, not as tall as me in heels, and was probably never on the handsome side. But a girl needed a little variety didn't she. After all, can they all be big dicked young studs?
I gave him a big hug and said, "So glad to see you."
Bob said, "Want to have a drink before we go to the restaurant?"
I said, "Sure."
We went to the hotel bar. As I walked through the lobby I got plenty of head turns. It was different for me to attract this kind of attention. Before my make-over no one looked my way. With the weight off, better shape and sexier clothes, I was definitely an attraction. To both men and women. For the women, I thought it was a combination of disapproval, lust and jealousy. This was all so new to me. My senses seemed far more acute. I was a bundle of sexual excitement, apprehension, pride and embarrassment. I was accustomed to being commanding as a geek manager entrepreneur but not for my looks.
We got a drink as Bob said, "Well how are things going for you?"
"Just fine but I am more interested in you. So, you told Maxine?"
"I did. On the flight home, I made the final decision to confront her. I don't think I would have had the nerve to do it without your help. Just the fact that you spent the evening with me gave me more confidence. I decided I didn't deserve to be treated like she was treating me."
"Glad I could help." It did make me feel good about myself. Plus, any doubt about what I was doing was gone.
"I wanted to make certain that I was right about my concerns. I asked a friend, who happened to be a PI, to follow her and find out what was going on. It didn't take long before he had all the evidence I needed. The first day he had photos of she and her boss going into an apartment not far from her office that was rented in his name. The PI managed to get a pen camera installed in the bedroom. He recorded an entire episode."
I said, "Oh my goodness. And you watched it?"
"Every minute. I have reservations at the restaurant across the street. Ready to go?"
We walked across to a very intimate upscale French restaurant. I knew about this restaurant but had never been. Although I didn't think anyone would recognize me as the blue-eyed blonde in Walmart cougar clothes, it was better that this wasn't one of my normal spots. We were seated in a quiet secluded corner. Most of the patrons were couples. The lighting and decor was definitely on the romantic side. Bob ordered us a nice bottle of wine.
After we ordered our meal, I asked, "So you got evidence of her cheating. What happened next?"
Bob frowned, "The PI got information that her affair had been going on for years. Apparently, the boss's secretary talked after the PI plowed her with liquor. I waited until last Saturday to confront her. At breakfast, I asked her if there were anything she needed to tell me. She said there wasn't. Asked what I was talking about. I said, 'About the affair you are having with the boss.' She claimed there was nothing going on."
Our salads were served. I said, "I am so sorry Bob."
"Not your fault. Anyway, I showed her the photo of her entering the apartment with him. I said to her, 'What is this?' She said, 'We just had a business meeting. It just happened to be in that apartment.' I said, 'You expect me to believe that you were meeting in his apartment when you have an entire office building to hold a meeting.' She said, 'I don't care what you believe.' Sofia, how could she be denying it?"
I said, "It is hard to believe. I mean really."
Bob said, "And what's worse she seemed to make me the problem. She said, 'I can't believe you had me followed. And for what. To find out I had a business lunch with my boss. Look I have to do things like that to make my salary. How dare you not trust me. Look, I bring home a lot of the money.'
"My goodness she has nerve."
The waitress brought the main course and another bottle of wine. I was beginning to feel the effect of the wine. In spite of the subject I found myself very entertained.
Bob continued, "I said, 'Maxine, are you sure you want to stick with that story.' She did. I said, 'Then how do you explain this.' I put my laptop in front her and showed her the video. The video was grainy but clear enough to see all that was happening. She undressed to music in a very seductive manner. I didn't know she was as sexy as the video showed. In fact, it had been a long time since we had much in the way of romance. She was wearing a pair of shear white bikini cut panties and bra. Maxine is not a voluptuous woman like you but she looks good without clothes. Not a lot of fat and so her C-cups look about right for her size. She then undressed him. Then for the finale she took her bra and panties off in a very sensuous dance. He was sitting on the bed waiting my wife of twenty years dance for him in the nude. She stuck her finger in her pussy that was obviously wet. She stuck her fingers in his mouth for him to lick it off."
I was in a trance listening to this. I said, "I can't believe that you had to make her watch this in order to get her to admit it."
"It was like she wanted to see it. I think in a way she was proud. Her boss in several years older than us but I have to admit he is more handsome then me and has a dick twice my size."
The description of Maxine's adventure was making me very horny in spite of what it had done to Bob. I said, "Please continue."
"Next she knelt between his legs and sucked on his long hard dick. When we first married, I forced her to suck me, but she hated it and refused to do it for me again. In fact, for much of our marriage she only let me fuck her missionary and rarely removed her top for me. I didn't realize how sexy she could be until I saw her with this man. Anyway, she got most of this long hard thick dick into her mouth. Obviously experienced."
I was squirming in my seat. I could feel the dampness between my legs and knew I was going to have to remove these wet panties soon. This was making me so hot.
Bob continued, "She must have sucked him for five minutes before she pushed him back on the bed and got on him cowgirl style. She kissed him deeply as she pumped his penis slowly. Her tight twat took his double sized dick with no problem. She constantly complained to me that about my little wiener. She obviously loved this oversized bratwurst. Her juices were glistening on his thighs. Her head was back as he squeezed and abused her tits. She was obviously having big orgasms as she gyrated on his double sized dick."
As was I. The waitress came and cleared the plates and asked if we needed anything further. I said, "No."
Bob said, "A Glenlivet with water and a cube of ice."
I said, "I will have the same."
Bob said, "Do you want to hear more of this?"
I said, "I do. I find it interesting and I must admit that it is turning me on."
Bob laughed, "Well I am glad something good is coming for this. So, there is my ice queen of a wife fucking this man with a large cock Cowgirl style. She then reversed her position, with her ass visible to him. Now you could clearly see her twat in the video. Her chest was red and the juices were flowing from her pussy. They had been fucking for about fifteen minutes. I couldn't believe this guy was lasting this long with her pumping him like crazy. She stopped moving. She picked up a tube that was some kind of lubricant. I thought, 'She is plenty wet, why does she need more lubricant?'"
I knew where this was going, and my nasty bits made me move my hand down there. My skirt was hiked up, so I found my wet panties. It was dark enough where I thought I could pull them off. I did and handed them to Bob.
I said, "Look what you have done to me."
Bob stealthily felt and sniffed them. When he finished, I scooted closer to him and placed his hand on my wet pussy. As soon as his hand touched my clit, I had a big orgasm. The waitress arrived as I was in the throes of my orgasm. She put the Glenlivet in front of us and gave me a snarl. It was hard for me to believe she hadn't seen this before.
Bob offered this toast, "Here is to my beautiful Sofia. You are saving my life."
I blushed, clinked glasses as we sipped of this strong amber fluid. This was the first time I had scotch. It wasn't bad and with every sip it was better. I said as I helped his finger into my nasty slit, "Please continue."
Still with his hand in my twat, I moved my dress away from my gushing hole. Not sure why as the dress cost nothing in Dr. Ricci's world.
"She took the tube, squirted some on her finger, reached behind her and I could only guess that she put some in her asshole. She gave the tube to him as he put more in her. After a couple of rounds of lubing her ass, she raised up and took his penis out of her pussy. She levitated on her hands and feet with her ass just above his long hard dick and slowly lowered. He guided his penis to the right spot and the big thing entered her tight hole like it was nothing. She sat there for a little and began to smile. You could tell she then said, 'Oh baby that big thing feels good in my ass. Nothing like my small dicked husband.'"
It was here, I had another giant orgasm. The waitress arrived and put the bill in front of Bob. She looked at me and said, "Miss, if you are going to continue to do that then I will have to ask you to leave."
Bob said, "Here we are leaving anyway. But you just lost what would have been a big tip and probably a customer." He gave her his credit card.
I said, "I am sorry Bob. I hope I didn't embarrass you. But I am going to make it up to you."
I pulled him into me and gave him a kiss with a lot of tongue. The waitress came back with his credit card. My dress was bunched around my waist. She looked at me with disdain and said, "Young lady please cover yourself."
I was a little drunk, I pulled my top apart and said, "You mean cover these or this?" I touched my clit. I put my finger in Bob's mouth.
She said, "Well, I never."
I said, "Too bad for you."
Bob laughed. We got up and left.
As we walked across the street to the hotel room, I had his arm between my big tits and I whispered, "Can we go to your hotel room and let me cheer you up?"
Bob beamed, "Yes, ma'am, you sure can."
As we were in the elevator, I wrapped him in my arms, put his hands on my ass, and we kissed again. I whispered, "I want to hear the rest of this story. And I want to do for you what Maxine did to her boss."
Bob smiled, "That sounds good to me."
When we got in the room I pushed him on the bed and said, "So the first thing she did was to remove her clothes while dancing seductively. Right?"
Bob said, "That's right."
There was no music put I pretended and slowly unzipped the back of the dress while facing him. This left the dress dangling from the shoulders. It was completely loose in back. I rocked back and forth on my feet and let the dress sway in front of me. I was sure I was giving him glimpses of pink hard nipples as I swayed. I put my hands over my breasts and pushed the dress straps off both shoulders. I placed a hand over each breast and slowly let more and more of my F-cups show. I continued to sway until my hands were at my waist holding the skirt over my stomach. I turned to show him my large swaying ass.
I glanced back over my shoulder as he said, "Sofia, you are so beautiful."
I smiled and gave my ass cheeks another couple of twerks before I turned and threw the dress aside. Standing nude, I let him take it in. I said, "You look like you are uncomfortable, time for me to undress you."
He stood as I pulled his jacket, shirt and pants off. He wore boxers that I pulled to the floor as I got on my knees and took his penis in my mouth. He wasn't very large so it went in easily. I sucked it like it was a popsicle. I liked having this nice man's dick in my mouth. I could sense he was going to cum before we came close to doing all that Maxine had done but that was alright with me as I was confident I could get him up again.
And sure, enough he came in my mouth in no time. I got all of him. I cleaned all his stuff off, looked up and said, "Now that was a great dessert."
He said, "I am sorry but I was so turned on and you did that so well, I couldn't help myself."
I said, "That's alright we are just starting. Now lay back and don't worry. Let Sofia take care of you. You have been treated so badly by Maxine, I feel it is my feminine duty to make it up to you."
He laid back on the bed with his head on a pillow. I lay on my side beside him. I took his hand and placed it on one of my breasts. He gently rubbed first one and then the other breasts. I slowly and gently played with his genitals as we talked.
I said, "Bob, this is going to work out. You know that, don't you?"
He said, "I really do. Do you want to hear the end of my description of the tape of Maxine and her boss?"
"I do but I want to hear the end of the tape when I get on top of you like Maxine did to her boss. I want to give you a little time to recover before I screw you. What did Maxine say after she watched the tape and did she really watch it to the end?"
He said, "She did watch to the end. Oddly enjoying her performance. She said, 'Well I guess you got me. I fucked my boss. But it was only one time.' At that I laughed at her before saying, 'Well, I happen to know that this has been going on for at least three years and his wife doesn't know it.' At that she said again, 'You have me. What do we do now?'''
His penis was beginning to respond to my stroking it. It was about half mast. He was squeezing my sensitive nipples. It felt so good my pussy was throbbing. I said, "So, what did you say you wanted?"
Bob said, "I told her, 'I want an uncontested divorce. I get the house and we split the other assets. And I want you out of the house before the end of the weekend. If you don't agree to that then the tape becomes a part of the divorce proceeding and your boss gets hurt badly and probably hates you.' She said, 'Okay, you got me. I really have been wanting that anyway now that both kids are in college. It is time.'"
He was hard now, I said, "She started by screwing him cowgirl style?"
Bob smiled and said, "Yes, I think I am ready."
I straddled him and slid his small penis into my sloppy wet pussy. It felt so good to have a dick inside me. Even a small one. I said, "You said he was squeezing her tits. Squeeze mine the way he was squeezing hers."
He took the bottom of each breast in his hand and pushed them up. "I can't get all your tits in my hands like he did hers. Your tits are more than a handful."
I had a nice orgasm as he played with my breasts. After I recovered from this one, I rocked back and forth on his penis slowly. I said, "Now tell me the rest of the tape. Start with when Maxine had his dick in her and told him how good it felt with his dick in her ass."
Bob said, "She had lowered herself on his groin until there was nothing left to put in her. She was facing away from him so you could see her spread open pussy."
I said, "Let me turn around. I want to be in the reverse cowgirl position." I turned around facing away from him. I started again the slow rock back and forth. This position made his penis seem to go a little deeper in me. I said, "Oh, Bob that feels so good. How is it for you?"
"It feels great. I want this to last for a while."
"You can do it. How do you like the view? How does it compare to Maxine?"
"Your ass is far larger. It's so sexy; round and fleshy." He had taken a big handful of ass cheek in each hand. "It feels so smooth and creamy in my hands." I rocked back and forth making my ass cheeks slap together.
I squeezed some of the lube I had brought on my finger and placed it in my anus. I left my finger in for a couple of strokes. I then handed the tube to Bob, "Do it the way Maxine's boss did."
As I rocked back and forth on his penis, he pushed a couple of fingers of lube deep in my anus. I was building to a really large orgasm. I said, "That is enough." I raised off his dick and levitated above his penis with my ass lining up with his penis. I lowered as he guided his penis to the perfect spot. I slowly lowered. I felt the head pop past my sphincter. There was a momentary shot of pain but it went away quickly. I lowered all the way until my ass cheeks were resting on his stomach. I said, "Give me a second to adjust to your penis being in my nasty hole."
After a minute, I started to rock back and forth on his cock. It went from pain to pleasure quickly. I couldn't believe how sensitive my butthole was. Bob said, "It is incredible sexy seeing your round mounds with my penis sliding in and out of your hole. As Maxine faced the camera, you could see that she had her hand working in her slit."
I got a little more on my knees to balance better. I pushed a couple of fingers in my pussy as I squeezed and released Bob's penis in my asshole. This felt really good to me. Much better than a silicon plug. I could feel the fluid flowing onto my hand from my excited pussy. I slipped four fingers into my swollen pussy and gave myself orgasms.
I asked, "What did Maxine do next?"
Bob said, "She reversed again to face him. When she did the camera got a good view of his penis stroking in and out of her asshole. It was amazing how his long hard penis slide in and out her tight butthole."
I spun around to face him. When I did he grabbed my tits. He started thrusting up into my now sensitive butthole. I stayed still just so he could thrust up into my ass and fall back to the bed. He did this faster and faster. I had one hand supporting myself and the other shoved into my pussy. His hands were wrapped around my breasts. The pleasure was intense. I thought that having him in my butt was making the experience more intense for me. I was in something of a trance from the intense pleasure.
Bob was now pumping as fast as he could and breathing very hard. He said, "I want to cum in your ass like Maxine's boss did."
I mumbled, "Please Bob. Fuck my ass and fill it up with your juice."
I felt his second load of the night hit inside my butt. The juices were seeping out. Bob finally stopped moving with me still sitting on his groin. Bob's breathing after some time became more normal. I noticed that the Ivan crew could fuck without ever breathing hard. He whispered in my ear, "Sofia, that was wonderful. You are so sexy. I just can't believe you wanted me to do that to you?"
I asked, "Was I your first butt?" I was laying on him with my torso pressed into him so we only had to whisper to hear each other.
Bob said, "It was. Maxine didn't want to do anything out of the ordinary with me. That made it so surprising to see her giving her boss head, fucking him with her on top and then giving her ass to him. She didn't want to do anything with me."
"Bob, I really enjoyed this but you need to know that I'm not going to be anything but a friend. But I would encourage you to find the right person for yourself. You are a very nice man and she is the one that made a mistake. I can be your friend but nothing else. This may be the last time we have sex. Not that it wasn't good because it was. I just, ah, ..."
"No need to explain. I know. You are way above me. You are beautiful and sexy. And I don't believe for a minute that you are just an office worker. I think you are powerful and smart. I think you are someone important. I am just ordinary."
"What makes you think I am important?"
"To start with those are $300 shoes and an ordinary office worker wouldn't wear that with a cheap dress. But even before that I had a sense that you are very smart. You are trying hide who you are."
"Okay, I admit it. But please don't try to figure out exactly who I am."
Bob said, "I won't. You have been too good to me. I would like to call you occasionally."
I said, "I would like that. It is very late. I need to get home."
I got off him and began to dress. He did also.
After we were dressed, Bob said, "I will walk to the front with you."
I said, "No need. I will get a taxi in the lobby."
I hugged and kissed Bob goodnight.
Bob called me the next day. We had a good talk about what he was going to do next. He did get the divorce and within a year found his new wife. We talked on the phone several times before his wedding. He invited me, but I decided it would be too awkward for me to attend. I think I really did help Bob.
My first soccer match
The week following my date with Bob, Ivan and I went on an out of town business trip. This was one of those trips where business consumed every minute. It was only late at night I had an opportunity to think about the coming weekend with the boys. When I did my lady parts took control. I realized I shouldn't be so excited about being with these young studs. But I was.
I also fought calling Ivan and asking him to sleep with me. I wanted sex with this young good-looking man. But here the rational business woman did win. It knew blurring the lines between business and pleasure was a mistake. And not fair to Ivan.
I wanted to make certain all was well with Kiko. Here is my text to Kiko.
Me: 'Hi there. How is it going?"
Kiko: 'Really busy with school. It is crazy right now.'
Me: 'That is what Ivan said. Sorry you can't make the soccer match this weekend. I just wanted to make certain you are okay with me going without you.'
Kiko: 'Glad you can be there. Have fun. I want to hear all about it. Let's get together in a couple of weeks.'
Me: 'Sounds like we need a girl talk. I would like that.'
Kiko: 'School is getting intense. I know you have been there. Would love a shoulder.'
Me: 'Call me next week.'
I did want to find out more about Kiko. She knew all about me but I didn't know much about her. It would be great to have a real friend like her. I was also beginning to realize that it took time to have friends. One of the reason I didn't have any until now.
The day of the soccer match I put on the outfit the posse had picked out for me. It was kind of like a high school cheerleader outfit. I could only hope that it would be a warm night. The white bandeau top barely covered to the bottom of my breasts. Flames were painted on the top starting at the bottom and scalloped to about the level of my nipples. Above the flames was thin stretchy material that left little to the imagination. There was plenty of breast showing over the top. I only hoped the elastic would hold up for the evening. The skirt was a white pleated mini skirt with a one inch red band that hit about three inches below my navel. It showed the little flesh I still had on my stomach. The skirt ended a few inches below my crotch and flared accentuating my big ass. The white bikini panties had a flame starting between my legs and coned up to the elastic that held them up. Only half my ass was covered by the panties. There was a pair of white knee-high socks that came to three inches above the knee and had a blaze symbol starting at the ankle and scalloped to the elastic band that held them up. I wore a pair of white boat shoes.
I looked in the mirror. With my blonde wig and blue contacts, I first knew that no one would recognize me as the CEO of a venture capital firm. Then I wondered if I could really wear this in public. This sent a clear message. I was a sex crazed, exhibitionist, horny cougar on the prowl for young dick. Could I really wear this? I could easily change to something less ostentatious. But if I did I would disappoint the boys.
I wasn't anxious about being accepted or being seen as desirable. Confidence in my sexual prowess was growing to be equal to my abilities in business. I did worry about whether the stadium would allow someone to wear this outfit.
I dressed early. This gave me the opportunity to change my mind. My thoughts kept going to the boys looking at my body as they watched the soccer match. My pussy was seeping constantly as I thought about displaying my assets to the boys. I was becoming an exhibitionist. Why fight it, just enjoy the feelings you have being watched but these young studs. But then, I didn't like that strangers were going to see me like this. I mean it would be impossible to cover my ass walking up stairs. It was obvious that I wasn't wearing a bra. Luckily the flames obscured my large areolas, but my nubs were extending the more I thought about the display I was going to make of myself.
Just before Ivan came, I was ready to go to the bedroom, masturbate and change into more modest clothes.
I opened the door for Ivan, spread my arms and said, "Well, how will the boys like this?"
Ivan smiled, twirled his fingers for me to turn around, and said, "I think the boys are going to be blown away. You look, well sexy as hell."
I said, "You think so? Will they let me in the stadium like this?"
Ivan laughed, "Oh, you won't believe how the coeds dress for soccer. Well, you will see. You look very sexy which is what the boys wanted. They want to show off their new cougar."
As I was getting in the back seat as usual, Ivan said, "Sofia doesn't sit in the back seat. She sits in the front so the driver can enjoy the view."
"Yes sir."
I sat in the front seat, with most of my thigh showing, ample cleavage and tits bouncing with the car. My naked ass was sitting on the leather seat.
Ivan handed me something I had never seen before and said, "Take your panties off and put this on."
I looked at it and said, "What? What is this? Does it, ah?" It was like a very small thong with an inch-wide three-inch long white soft rubber gusset. The small rubber gusset had a scalloped ridge down the middle of it.
Ivan said, "Put it on like panties. Position the ridge on your, well you know where that goes."
I shook my head, "Ivan, is this a vibrator? What will you do to me with it? I can't wear this."
Ivan lifted my skirt, pushed his hand into my panties and rubbed a finger into my wet pussy. I nearly had an orgasm. I emitted an involuntary gasp of pleasure. My body had responded as soon as I suspected what this was. He pulled his finger out and positioned it in front of my face. "Here taste."
I licked his finger. "What does that taste like?"
I said, "It taste like I am aroused by the thought of wearing this."
Ivan laughed, "The boys have an iPhone app that controls it. They thought you would enjoy the soccer more if you had a little stimulation."
I said sarcastically, "Isn't that nice of them."
Ivan said more forcefully, "Now put it on and let me show you how it works."
So, I did as I was told. I didn't put the flame panties back on as Ivan hadn't told me to. I couldn't believe how subservient I was to him today.
I was waiting for something to happen. At a light, Ivan pulled out his iPhone and hit a button. The vibrator came alive. I had an immediate orgasm. It was clear I had been anticipating and wanting this. I moaned. The light changed as Ivan hit the button. The vibrator stopped. I didn't want it to stop. What a nice orgasm that was but I was sure it wasn't my last today. It was like I had saved them up for twenty years and my body wanted to make it up.
Ivan glanced at me, "Well?"
"That thing is the devil. It hits the right spot. I can't believe the boys want to do this to me. Will I know who is giving me the stimulation?"
He gave me a wicked smile. "I don't think so. You are going to enjoy the match I am sure. Now you can put your flame panties on."
We pulled into the parking area. As the guy took Ivan's money he got an eye full of my outfit. I could feel his eyes on me and the leakage between my legs increased.
As we walked to the stadium, not a long walk as the parking lot was only about half full. I could see other girls dressed as sexy as myself. Only no one had breasts and ass as large as mine. Most of the others were college girls. Even the college girls stared. It was not every day you saw a cougar with large breasts that were high and round in a thin white bandeau top.
The older lady ticket taker gave me a disapproving smirk. I gave her a fuck me smile.
As we entered the stadium, it was clear that stairs would be my problem. Our seats were about halfway down. There were enough stairs so that anyone looking up would get to see my blaze panties.
Our seats were at about mid-field with mostly students around us. Ray and Evan were already in their seats. As we came to join them they both rose to give me a hug. They each decided it was okay to grab my ass as they hugged me. I was a little uncertain about this. While it felt good, I wasn't sure about the public display. I mean these boys could be my sons and they were groping my ass in public.
Evan said, "Sofia, you're one hot momma in that outfit."
"Thank you."
Evan grinned, "Are you wearing the extra hidden bit?"
"I am."
Evan said, "Good it was my idea. I didn't want you to get bored."
I gave him my sexiest smile, "I don't think I will."
Evan again gave a devious smile, "Oh, there is a game we are going to play that I am sure will keep you from being bored."
Evan was the youngest of the four. Ivan had told me that he was attending the University.
Ray chimed in, "My little brother is very creative. He is the smart one in the family. You know he is a student here. He works with me part time as a plumber but he wants to be some sort of financial guy. Good thing as he is a horrible plumber."
Evan laughed. "Yeah, okay brother."
Ivan and I were sitting in front of Evan and Ray. The stands were beginning to fill. Alex arrived. I hugged him. Alex didn't just grope my ass, he raised my skirt and grabbed flesh. I knew the people behind me were getting a good view of my large ass. I was unsure what to do.
Alex held me a little longer than a polite hug. He said all too loudly, "Great ass!" He winked at the group behind me.
I couldn't believe it but this one little comment from the bad boy Alex made me relax about showing my ass. I wanted his approval.
I whispered as I pulled away, "Thanks."
Alex sat on one side of me while Ivan sat on the other. In front of me was a very young girl with two boys. She was slim, tall, pale, and red headed with a big set of tatas. She was wearing red short shorts and a white crop top that left no doubt that she wasn't wearing a bra as boob flesh was flowing out the top and sides. Her tits were as firm as mine but not nearly as large. Of course, she was small everywhere except her tits. I guessed she was a 32D and maybe weighed 110.
We all got a beer from a vendor. I had forgotten about the thing between my legs. As I was taking a sip of beer, I felt the vibrator come alive. I must have been amp up from the groping and the fact that men all over the stadium were staring at my ample breasts on display.
I spilled a little beer on my top as I jumped and gave a moan. It felt good but whoever did it, didn't leave it on long enough for an orgasm This was cruel.
After it stopped, I rubbed my chest and glared at Ivan and said, "Did you do that?"
Ivan raised his hands and said, "Not me."
Evan laughed, "It was me. That is part of the fun of the day. It could be any of us."
I got myself under control a little and said, "Well at least leave it on long enough for me to have an orgasm."
I said this too loudly as the girl with the big tits looked around. She said, "What did you say?"
I said, "Oh, I was just kidding."
She said, "I heard that moan." She looked between my legs. There was no way for her not to see my flame panties but I don't think she could see the vibrator. "Love the panties and the outfit."
I said, "Thanks."
Her boyfriends had turned around and took in the exhibitionist cougar. They glared at my large jugs barely contained in the bandeau top and between my legs. It raised my excitement even more with these college boys staring.
Evan said, "Now here is the game. The four of us have the app on our phone. If you guess which one of us gave you the thrill, you get to give us a dare. If you don't the one that gave you the thrill, gives you a dare. You will have the option of not doing the dare by jugging a glass of beer. Are you in?"
I looked at Ivan with a you got to be kidding look. Ivan whispered to me, "You wanted to have experiences. Here is your chance."
The girl with the big tatas turned around, jumped up and down causing her breast to bounce dangerously and squealed, "If she won't I will."
Both of her boy-friends gave her a come-on look. I said as I extended my hand, "My name is Sofia."
She ignored my hand and hugged me instead. She even groped my ass. It must have been the outfit that made everyone think I wanted my ass groped. Well, I guess I did.
She said, "I am Linda. This is Roy and Earl." They both just nodded but didn't fail to check out my assets. Linda continued, "You are a lucky girl. Take them up on that. I wish I could get in on this."
I couldn't believe we had been discovered so quickly. I said to Evan, "Can Linda help me with some of the dares?" I thought this might give me some freedom to not do the dare if I didn't want to. But I was really deceiving myself. I wanted to do any dare the guys came up with. My pussy was still quivering from the near orgasm I had just had, the ogling from the boys around me and my imagination about what the boys would make me do.
Evan looked at the other three, they looked at Linda prominent breasts, nodded and Evan answered, "Ok, Linda can help. I will be the judge about whether you and Linda complete the dare."
Linda squealed again, clapped her hands, bounced up and down, making her tits almost come out the top of the top.
Ivan then said, "Okay guys, time for the opening kick. Sofia, the Blaze lost the coin toss and kicks to Demons."
It was 7pm. The beer guy was making regular runs and I was beginning to think that Linda and I were the reason. Everyone got their second beer. I was really developing a taste for beer. And I was finding that I could hold my liquor pretty well. Linda was already showing signs of being inebriated and I thought this was only her second beer.
We were all standing. Linda little round mounds were hanging out of her short shorts. The guys were taking a good look and I could feel the stares at my big round mounds that were flashing as the wind blew.
We sat down after the match started. It wasn't long before I got a nice quick shock between my legs. I gave a little squeak. Linda turned and I nodded. It didn't last long enough to excite me much more than I already was.
Evan said, "Okay Sofia who did it?"
I looked each guy in the eye, looked at Linda, she shrugged. I guessed, "Ray."
Ivan laughed, took the iPhone out of his pocket, and showed it to me. It had a red alert showing and a dare written. I said, "But I was looking at you and you didn't move."
Evan said, "I have the app programmed to select the person giving you the shot and the dare."
I cocked my hip, placed my hand on it and said, "That's not fair. I have one in four chances of getting it right."
Evan said, "Sounds right."
Linda was laughing and said excitedly, "What is our dare?"
Ivan showed me the dare. It said, 'Kiss the winner for thirty seconds while he fondles whatever he wants.'
Evan said, "Linda, you can pick someone to be your winner."
Linda again squealed and pointed to Alex. "What about you?" She looked at her boyfriends and said, "I can do you guys anytime." They both nodded.
Alex stared straight at her tits and nodded. "I am Alex." She stepped on the stand as Alex placed a hand on a tit and one on her small ass and started kissing her.
Ivan did the same with me. As he kissed me, I practically melted into his body. I wanted it to last longer when Evan said, "Time."
I heard Linda say, "Thank you Alex."
He said, "My pleasure."
I settled back into my seat but was very unsettled. Luckily it wasn't long before I got a little longer excitement between my legs. This time it lasted long enough for me to moan. I noticed that as soon as I started the moan, Linda pushed her hand into her pants. I knew this wasn't as good as what I was getting.
When the vibration stopped I said, "Evan."
Ray held up his iPhone with the blinking alert. I read out loud for Linda to hear, 'Find a stranger and let him fondle and kiss whatever he wants.'
Evan said, "Linda you get Ray. Sofia pick one of Linda's friends."
I said, "I will take both."
Linda moved back to sit between Ray and Evan as I sat between Roy and Earl. I felt a hand from each side slip under my bandeau top and grab my sensitive orbs. Roy moved in for the first kiss. I felt a hand on each thigh. These hands moved to touch my panties and I kissed first one and then the other of the college boys. My sensitive breasts were being manhandled with both nipples getting extra attention. Much too quickly Evan said time. I heard Linda, "Nooooooo..."
I felt the hands slip from my breast and my breast didn't want to be left alone. I looked down and my nubs were almost slicing through the thin material which had been stretch thinner from the groping. I felt juices flowing down my thighs. As Linda retook her seat she whispered, "Tap me when the vibration starts."
I nodded and noticed that her nipples were as extended as mine. Then I noticed that the buttons were unsnapped on her short shorts.
When I sat, I felt again a hand on each thigh. I looked at the score board and saw that the first half was about half over and there had been no score.
Another shock started, I tapped Linda on the shoulder, she shoved her hand in her pants that she had left unsnapped. This one lasted longer. I moaned quietly, rocked my hips on the seat and was almost at a climax when the vibration stopped. I said, "Shoot!"
Linda pulled her hands out of her pants, shaking her head. I said, "Ivan."
Alex smiled and showed me the screen with the alert. The screen said, "Let the winner take off your panties and keep them."
I looked at Evan and said, "But I would only have on the, well, you know."
Linda said, "I am only wearing shorts."
Evan said, "Girls you know the rules. You can pass but you have to chug a glass of beer."
I had just finished my second beer and thought about doing that. But Linda was shaking her head like she knew she couldn't drink another and stay upright.
Alex pulled out a big red bandana, "Linda, I will take the shorts and you can wear this."
Linda looked at the bandana and said, "I can do that. Sofia, I will take the dare if you will. There could be far worse dares. At least we will be covered."
I nodded. Alex reached over, took the panties bottom and pulled down. As he did this he managed to grope between my legs. He gave me a grin, sniffed his fingers. He then held up the panties to show the boys the big wet spot. He growled, "I think our cougar is enjoying the soccer match. I mean look at the wet spot."
This was embarrassing as the groups on all sides heard and saw this interchange. But not as embarrassing as sitting there in a short skirt wearing only a small rubber vibrator hiding my clit. But I was so revved up that it didn't matter. I wanted to continue.
Alex said to Linda, "Your turn. Roy take the bandana and cover her as Earl removes her shorts." The boys executed the move. With the bandana flapping over her pussy while her small round ass was sitting uncovered on the cold metal bleacher. This was an old stadium that only had bleachers. She positioned the bandana to tie around her slim waist and angle across her pussy. I wasn't sure what it would look like when she stood but I thought it would be obscene.
Linda looked back at me when the bandana was in place and said, "This will make it easier to play with myself anyway."
I said, "I will tap Roy on the shoulder, so he will simulate the vibrating I am getting. That will be closer to the what I am experiencing." Linda nodded.
Ivan jumped up excitedly and said, "Watch this they are about to score."
I jumped up with our group and saw the Blaze forwards attacking the goal. It only took a couple more passes when the Blaze forward scored. It was very exciting. We all jumped screamed and hugged each other. I then realized that I must have been mooning the stadium and I could see that Linda was. The bandana only covered part of one cheek and left the other bare. The same was true in front. It just barely covered her Mons Pubis but left one legs bare to the bandana knot. She didn't care. With her bouncing her tits were almost exposed.
This was so stimulating to me. I noticed that every male in our section was interested in the skin we were showing. The attention was something I hadn't experienced before. And I liked it.
Finally, the crowd settled down and everyone sat. I leaned over and whispered to Linda, "I think we are giving a few people a thrill."
She grinned a big grin and nodded. Roy and Earl couldn't help but look up my skirt. As they did, I unconsciously started spreading my legs to give them a better view. Once I realized it, I thought, 'You hussy, showing these boys your private parts.'
Another vibration started, I tapped Roy on the shoulder, he reached under the bandana and went to work. This time again I was close to an orgasm when it stopped. Again, moaning and rocking. Linda was doing the same and I knew that without the shorts in the way this was more effective. An orgasm had just started when the vibration stopped. I managed to rub myself on the stand enough to finish it but it could have been so much better. It left me wanting a dick in my pussy. But Linda didn't let Roy stop before she had a nice one.
I let Linda finish before I said, "Evan."
Linda looked back with a smile. Evan held up his iPhone with the alert. The dare said, 'Go get everyone a beer and have someone grope you while in line.'
I exclaimed, "I got one right!"
Linda said, "Oh shoot I would have like to do that."
Evan said, "It is up to Sofia. She could have me do a dare."
I said, "Can I do both? You do a dare and us also. I mean I need to go to the little girl's room anyway."
Evan said, "Sure."
"Okay here is the dare. Evan goes with us to the little girl's room and gives us each an orgasm. We will then get everyone a beer with Evan helping us bring them back. We will still get someone to grope us in line."
Evan said, "That works."
So off we went. Linda and I walked up the stairs hand in hand with and Evan following. Linda could barely keep the bandana over her pussy. I had caught a couple of glances as the wind blew. Her pussy was paper white, hairless and smooth. I could feel my skirt flapping with the breeze and knew that anyone who looked up with see not only a bare ass, but a pussy covered only by a small piece of rubber.
As I got to the top of the stairs, Linda and I turned and waved to the crowd of men that were in our vortex. Evan smiled at us and said, "You girls are bad."
Linda said, "You mean really good at being bad."
"Exactly."
I was a little worried that Linda would get in trouble with her outfit but we past a security guard and he only stared like every other guy we past. We got to the rest room and the ladies was packed. But the men's restroom was almost vacant.
I said, "See if we can use the men's."
He opened the door, looked in and motioned us to follow. We entered with a couple of guys at the sink. They barely looked up as we quickly went to the handicapped stall.
I said to Evan, "Pull your pants down and sit on the toilet."
I pulled the vibrator out, straddled him, slipped his already hard dick into my sopping pussy. It felt so good in there, I knew a big one was coming.
Linda said, "What about me?"
I said, "Oh gawd that feel good. Evan, play with her pussy. Linda, let me have this one and you can get a turn. Evan don't you dare cum before Linda has a good one."
Evan reach out his hand for Linda to straddle. She started humping his hand while I humped his dick. I could feel the orgasm building to a huge one. I knew I should be quiet but couldn't. I made a continuous, "Hummmm..." Linda was also enjoying humping his hand. I had the orgasm that had been building for the entire day. I collapsed on Evan lap.
When it was finished he said, "Man that was a big one. It was everything I could do to hold out for Linda." I reluctantly stepped away and let Linda take my place. I kissed him deep and long as Linda began her effort.
Evan said, "Linda, I can't hold out much longer."
She squealed so all could hear, "Not to worry, weeeeeeeeeee..." It was clear she was having a big one also and then Evan did also. Linda collapsed on Evan and kissed him. She said, "Thank you, Evan. And thank you Sofia for including me in your dare game."
I hugged her, "Better with you. Isn't it Evan?"
Linda hadn't moved. It was like she didn't want to give up Evan nice member. I said, "We need to get the beers and we need to find someone that wouldn't mind giving us a grope."
We left immediately and got in line. I noticed that Evan's cum was running down her leg. It was glistening to her knee. I whispered, "Don't you want to clean off Evan skunk?"
She whispered back, "No I like the feel of it."
I saw the guy behind us staring at my amble mounds. He looked like a professor who was alone. I smiled at him and asked, "Like what you see?"
He nodded. I said, "Would you like a feel?" He nodded. I backed up to where his hand was on with ass without moving. I took his hand and slipped it on one of my giant cheeks. He squeezed it so that no one would be the wiser. He didn't want to stop and I didn't want to stop him. I started to offer Linda to him but saw she had taken care of it. Only she had picked a couple. The woman had a finger in her pussy while her friend was kneading her tits. No one seemed to notice that my guy was rubbing my ass mounds as she was so obvious.
I saw campus security coming. I said, "Linda, cops." Everyone acted like nothing had happened. The young campus security stared at us but didn't say anything. We were now at the window and ordered beers for everyone. The officer seemed satisfied that nothing had happened and went on.
Evan carried four beers, while Linda and I split the rest. As we past a tee shirt vendor, I asked, "Would you be more comfortable with a tee-shirt rather that the bandana?"
Linda shook her head, "No I like this look. Kind of gypsy."
The match had started back after the halftime break. We gave everyone a beer. The Blaze was still up one nil. Ivan said, "That was a long beer run. Everything okay?"
I said, "Great. Evan completed his dare with aplomb. Didn't he Linda?"
"He performed admirably," Linda said.
Roy rubbed his hand between her legs and pulled a glistening hand away. He held in front of her face and said, "It certainly looked like he did. When is my turn?"
She said, "You have had your turns. I am just playing the game with my new friend Sofia."
He said is a little huff, "Humph."
The match was now tied one to one. Ivan stood and said, "Look, another one coming."
We all jumped up and starting yelling, "Score!" I couldn't help but look at Linda slim hips. Her bandana had shifted a little, I assumed to cover her pussy better, where her ass cheeks were both now visible. Her hips were slim, but she had enough flesh to stick out nicely. She was very sexy, if you like slim with nice bum and tits.
The Blaze scored. We were hugging and high fiving everyone around us. The groping was rampart.
As we sat, Ivan looked at me and smiled, "How do you like your first soccer match?"
I smiled back, "It is so much fun but I really would have liked a few more dares. Look not much time left."
Then another vibration hit me. I tapped Roy who started rubbing Linda's pussy to simulate a vibrator. I couldn't believe how sensitive my lady part was even after a really big orgasm with Evan. This one lasted long enough to get on the edge again. I said, "Shoot."
Linda said, "Oh my that was nice baby."
I said, "Ivan."
Roy held up his phone to show me the alert. I said, "That not fair. I didn't know Roy could be the one."
Evan laughed, "Well you should have asked. What is the dare?"
I read, "Give the winner a hand job. No, I can't do that. It is too dangerous."
Linda said, "We can do it without anyone seeing. Judging from Evan, it won't take long. Who am I going to do?"
Evan said, "Roy chooses."
Roy said, "Alex."
Linda said, "I can do both Alex and Ivan."
Being competitive I said, "Then I can do Roy and Earl."
Evan ruled, "Approved. Sorry bro but it seems like you are left out again."
Ray said, "Sofia, you are going to owe me big time."
I said, "I promise I will make it up to you."
Linda and I switched places. The boys stayed seated and pretended to be watching the game. They both unzipped and were very hard already. They both had nice sized penises but nothing like Alex.
I heard Linda say when she got a feel of Alex, "Oh my, you are a big boy."
Alex said, "You betcha little girl. I bet I could stretch out that little tight twat of yours. I stretched out Sofia and she has a monster twat."
Linda laughed and said, "I hope you get a shot."
As I took both the guys dicks in my hand and began to stroke up and down, I hear them both moan with relief. Earl said, "That feels so good Sofia. Think you could use your mouth."
I bent and took his straining penis in my mouth and gave it a few strokes and got it slicker. I then bent and really slimmed up Roy's member. I said, "You boys warn me when you are ready and I will catch in in my mouth. Don't want you to walk around with soiled pants."
I felt a hand push into my bandeau top when I bent to suck on Roy. Then I felt Earl's hand push and grab the other breast. The soccer match was continuing. You could hear the crowd get excited and then not. As I alternated between each of the college boy's penis they continued twisting, pinching and rubbing my large orbs and hard nubs. I didn't really care but I was sure my top was now pushed down to expose my large breasts.
Roy said as I placed my mouth over his penis, "I'm ready." He really didn't need to tell me. I could feel his penis getting ready to blow. I had my mouth perfectly positioned and caught the first squirts. But there was too much to not have some of his stuff escape my mouth. He shot a couple more ropes that I mostly caught.
I was unconsciously stroking Earl as I sucked the final threads from Roy. Earl said, "I am about to blow."
I quickly pulled my mouth off Roy and almost got to Earl but not quite. His first rope hit me on the chin. I felt the sticky liquid ricochet off my chin and mainly landed on my chest. I caught the second and subsequent eruptions in my mouth.
As Earl finished I licked him clean and raised up. I felt someone pull my bandeau top over my wet breasts. I looked down and not only was my cleavage wet and shiny, the top had been stretched and barely covered any of the top half of my breasts.
Roy said, "You are really good at that Sofia. And boy those are some kind of tits."
I kissed him on the lips and said, "Thanks, I enjoy your dick. Nice." I turned to Earl and kissed him, "And you too. Nice dick."
I looked around and Linda was also just finishing Ivan. Alex was already zipped. Ivan zipped and she hugged them both. We swapped back. As we swapped I noticed that Linda's top was also wet and stretched. Barely any of her tits were covered above the now very visible red areola. She was clearly a real red head.
The match was still tied. I heard Roy say, "Okay, I am glad we played the game. Sofia could suck the chrome of a bumper. We can play with her anytime. And can you believe those bumpers on her. I mean, really!"
Linda swatted him on the arm and said, "Oh you. I am glad you enjoyed the game."
Just then Ivan said, "Look." The Blaze were about to score with only two minutes left in the match. We all jumped up to watch. It was so exciting. The Blaze players seem to be setting up the goal without a doubt. Just as the forward was about to kick he was fouled hard. The Blaze player was awarded a penalty kick. We were all standing in anticipation. It was very excited. The Blaze player scored the go-ahead goal with about two minutes to play.
The Blaze crowd went wild. We were all jumping around and high fiving everyone around us. Linda and I forgot that our tops were so stretched there was no way to contain our large fat-bags with all the jumping. We were being groped by everyone we came in contact with. The crowd finally settled down as the play started back.
It was then I pulled my top up to cover as best I could. And then I heard, "Miss, come with me." The person pointing at me was a security guard. With him was the young guard we had seen earlier. The guard pointing was much older and definitely in charge.
Ivan jumped up and I heard Evan say, "Let me take care of this. I know them." Evan walked to the stair where they were and had a brief conversation. He waved for me to come.
The officer then pointed at Linda and said, "You too, young lady."
Linda frowned but knew she had no choice. As I got to the stairs, Evan whispered, "I think they just want to warn you. Be nice to them and negotiate. We are right behind you."
I shook my head. While I was worried about being seen in the picture in the paper about the disturbance at the soccer match, I thought I could talk our way out of it.
As Linda and I followed them up the stairs, everyone booed the guards. I saw Evan waving to settle down. As we got to the top of the stairs I saw that Evan was talking to Ivan. I was sure they would come to our rescue.
Linda was trying to cover as much as she could, positioning her bandana and trying to get her top to cover more of her ample breasts. I was also trying to get my top to cover more but it was stretched beyond repair. The guards lead us to a small room. The sign said security on the door. There were two desks, a couple of lockers and a bathroom with lavatory.
The older guard, I guessed around fifty and very grizzled, said, "You know you girls went too far. Don't you?"
I said, "Yes sir. We are sorry."
He said pointing at Linda, "I mean look at you. Are you her mother?"
I said, "No sir. We are just friends." I was trying to be a subservient as possible. What was strange was that even though I knew we were in trouble my body was excited from being dominated by this stern man. I know part of it was that I was excited from sucking off Roy and Earl, I just wanted him to fuck me.
He said, "Humph. What kind of example are you. This top you are wearing hardly covers anything? I mean look at this." With a large hand, he tore my sagging top in two.
He then raised my skirt and said, "And what is this? Take that off so I can see it. I have never seen anything like it."
I was beginning to smell a rat. I began to relax as I thought I knew where this was going and liked it. I removed my vibrator and handed it to him. He turned it in his hand and said, "This is a vibrator. Isn't it?"
"Yes sir. It is remote controlled."
He almost smiled as he said, "Did you have orgasms while watching our soccer team play?"
"Yes sir. I did."
"Several?"
"Yes sir."
He stepped in front of Linda, pulled it down to reveal her large tits a small chest. "And look at you. Just like your friend. This top is hardly covering anything." Rib went the top. Linda and I were now topless in front of this guard. The younger guard was staring from Linda's firm bags to my fat firm bags. He had a lustful look.
The guard then grasped the bandana, pulling Linda close to him as he said, "And this is not even a skirt. At least your friend is wearing a real skirt. This looks like a workman's bandana. Why are you not wearing real clothes?" He had undone the knot holding it on her. He held it in front of her face.
Linda said, "Sir, I did wear real pants but on a dare, I changed to that. And my top got stretched. It was decent to start with."
"I saw how it got stretched. When you sucked off those boys in my stands." He looked back at me. "You look old enough to know better. Although I understand why you would want to show off those magnificent tits. I mean lady really, where did you come from. Those are the firmest, highest big tits I have seen." He reached out and kneaded my breasts. My knees nearly buckled. I glanced over to see his younger mate doing the same to Linda. She also seemed to enjoy it.
The older guard came out of his titty trance. "Now ladies, you have a choice. You can take punishment from me, Paul, and Jimmy or we can go to the cops on indecent exposure and other charges. What do you say ladies?"
Linda and I said in unison, "Punishment!"
I then added, "Thank you sir for letting us settle it here. Anything you want."
Paul smiled and said, "Let's start with a spanking. Bend over my desk. I want to see that bare ass turn red."
I wasn't expecting that but well why not. Better than the real cops. I bent over his desk with my elbows on the desk, nipples touching and feet still on the floor. Linda looked up at me and smiled. I winked. We both wanted to be fuck hard which we knew was coming.
Whack!
Whack!
He landed a hard lick on each cheek. Paul said, "Lady you have a magnificent ass. It shakes like Jell-O when hit. Jimmy what do you think of yours?"
"She's not as big as yours but it is a nice ass anyway. I can witness she is a real red-head. You should take a look at this nicely trimmed pubic hair. And she likes this punishment. I can feel the juices flowing."
I felt Paul feeling of my pussy. "This momma is warming to the punishment also. I think you ladies should be thanking us."
Again, in unison, "Thank you sir."
Whack! Whack! With the whack coming in unison and then from us, "Thank you sir."
Whack! Whack! Again, a lick on each butt cheek with the same sound from Linda's ass. In unison, "Thank you sir."
Paul said, "I can see my hand prints on your lovey ass. Let me inspect my deputies handy work."
He took a step over to look at Linda's ass. "Not as large as momma's but nice. I think a blow job is what is needed now."
Jimmy said, "I want to try this tight, skinny pussy."
Paul said, "Suit yourself. I have a feeling momma knows how to suck a dick."
I stayed bent over the desk and he lowered his trousers to his knees and pushed his dick in my face. I took the tip in my mouth and suck and lick on it. He grabbed my ass and started kneading.
Paul said, "That's it momma. Suck that thing."
I said, "Thank you sir for letting me service your beautiful dick. It tastes so good." I was getting into this subservient role.
I heard Jimmy say, "This is one tight young pussy. It is squeezing in all the right places."
Paul was still rubbing my ass cheeks opening and closing them. He started pumping his dick all the way down my throat and then to the tip. He was just fucking my mouth. It felt really good to be used like that but I really wanted to be fucked. I was so wound up from the foreplay.
I felt someone push my feet apart. Slap! I was startled and jumped a little. Someone had slapped my pussy. After the initial jolt, I realized that felt good to my excited little lady. But who did it? I didn't think it was Paul. He had both hands now holding my head while he fucked my mouth. I then heard Ray say, "Look at that fat pussy shake. I think momma liked it."
Slap! I felt an eruption in my pussy. Splat! It sounded like someone hitting a bloody piece of meat. Ray said, "Did you see that? Pussy juice went everywhere."
I heard Roy and Earl say, "I saw it but can't believe it. That pussy looks like it could take a baseball bat. Just look at the juices flowing.
Ray shoved his penis into my gushing pussy. Ray said, "Oh yeah, that is a big pussy, but it is so soft and caresses your penis. Sofia, I have been looking for this since last time. It feels as good as I thought it would."
I then saw Evan's naked lower body. I would recognize it anywhere. He high fived Paul and said, "Didn't I tell you this was one hot momma?"
"Yes, you did my friend and you weren't wrong. But you threw me a curve ball with this big-bagged youngster. I thought we would be doing a skinny oriental girl then just momma."
Evan said, "Yeah big-bag Linda was a little bite of a surprise. I thought it would only be momma here until game time."
Paul said, "Probably a good thing. We might have worn Momma out."
Evan said, "I don't think so. I think Momma here is making up for some lost time. I think she would wear us all out."
Paul continued to stroke in and out my mouth. Ray's dick was buried to the hilt. I could feel his balls slapping my clit. The orgasms were coming quickly. Jimmy was still pounding Linda's pussy while she had Evan and Alex's member in each hand. Ivan was waiting his turn for Linda's pussy. I thought Roy and Earl were behind me watching Ray pound my pussy.
I heard Earl say, "Can you believe how much that big pussy is squirting? Pound her Ray." I felt a hand on each ass cheek.
Jimmy screamed. I could see he was pumping Linda full of his man juice. Evan was now using her mouth as a pussy. Ivan replaced Jimmy in Linda's pussy.
I heard Paul give a low rumble and I prepared for him to fill my mouth. But he pulled out, stroked his member a couple of times and covered my face and hair with his jizzum.
I said, "Thank you sir for your jizzum. You have been very good to us."
Paul laughed, "Let's do this again soon. Come on Jimmy we need to make sure this crowd gets out of here. Guys, fuck these bitches' good. They need it."
Ivan was pounding Linda pussy now while she kissed Alex and Evan, keeping them ready to go. Ray said, "Here you go Momma. Your first load from me."
I said, "Thank you Ray. You fucked me so good." He ejaculated deep inside my pussy. I had another huge orgasm as he did. It was massive and I almost lost consciousness. As I came back to reality, I felt sticky juices running to my knees and someone had taken Ray's place in my pussy. Earl had walked around and placed his dick in my mouth so I knew it must be Roy in my pussy.
I heard Roy say, "Can you hear that squeaky pussy? It is absolutely soaked."
I wanted him in ass. I said, "If my pussy is too wet and loose then try my ass."
Roy said, "Oh yeah lady. I would like that."
I said, "Push some of the juices into my nasty hole."
He took some of the juices from my vagina and pushed first two and then three fingers into my ass. Earl had moved back to help him. Earl said, "That is one beautiful ass and I think that butt hole needs to be fucked. Roy, you sit in the chair and put your thing in so I can take her pussy."
I realized I was going to have both my ass and pussy filled. Never happened to me before but I was ready for it. I knew my ass was prepared. I reached back and pulled Roy's dick to the entrance to my nasty hole. I said, "Okay Roy push forward slowly."
I was going to control how deeply he went with this first thrust but my sphincter was so relaxed there was no resistance. He banged into my ass with his torso on the first thrust.
Roy said, "Did you see that? She took my dick with the first push. Boy, what an anal slut."
Roy picked me up by the knees, sat back in the rolling chair and pulled my knees to my tits, opening my pussy wide open for Earl. Earl grabbed the arms of the chair so he could control it. With Roy knees together, mine spread wide, he spread his feet wide to line his dick with my gapping pussy. My excited pussy pulled his dick in to his max. I felt so full of these young dicks in my two holes.
I whimpered, "Oh my gawd that feels good. Boys, fuck the shit out of your Momma."
I heard Alex say, "Let's do that to this young bitch. I bet she has never had a real man's dick in that tight hole."
Linda said, "Please sir, I want to see what that feels like. Momma seems to be feeling it. I want that."
Alex pushed juices into her ass and shoved his dick into her hole. Her ass was skinny and I wondered whether she could take it or not. Alex didn't give her much choice. With a couple of thrust he bottomed out in her even though she was screaming.
Alex said, "Quit screaming bitch. You wanted this." He picked her up by the knees, sat on the desk and said, "Evan, fuck the shit out of her."
Ivan said, "Take it easy, Alex, let her get used to it."
Linda said, "Don't worry, I am ready to have both hole filled. It is okay now."
It wasn't long before I heard Linda screaming in pleasure, "Oh my gawd, that is so good. Fuck me hard. I want both of you."
Earl was pounding my pussy very hard. The orgasms were continuous. He had the arms of the chair to give him leverage. He said, "Momma, that pussy feels like a soft cloud. I can feel Roy's dick in your ass. My gawd this is good."
"Oh, baby fuck your Momma. I can't believe how full I am. I just love young cock."
Earl said, "Here is comes."
I said, "Give it to me. Pump me full and deep."
He pushed in to the hilt and held it there. The two dicks were rubbing together deep inside me. I was nearly unconscious from the pleasure. I could feel every squirt from Earl's dick. I could feel his juices running out of pussy and onto Roy's legs. My legs were still high in the air.
I heard Alex saying, "Evan, fuck this bitch hard, I am about to fill her ass full."
Roy said, "Here you go momma. Here is my contribution to the cum bucket."
Earl had left his now softening penis in while Roy was pumping my ass. He pumped me deep in my nasty crevice. So deep I couldn't feel anything escaping. When he finished he kissed my neck and said, "You are a terrific fuck. Your ass is very talented."
I said, "Thank you. I enjoyed having your dick in my ass."
Earl kissed me, then helped me off of Roy. I was covered in sticky jizzum from head to my socks. Amazingly my socks were still up. Evan and Ivan were helping Linda off Alex. She could barely stand. Her asshole had clearly been stretched. She bent over to get some feeling back in her legs and it was still gapping open.
"It looks like everyone had fun."
Evan said, "We have, Mr. Huntington. Guys this is Mr. Huntington. He is the manager of the stadium, the Big Boss. We couldn't have done this without him. Is there anything we can do for you?"
He smiled, "Do the girls still have enough energy for another round? It looks like all holes are lubed. And I have been enjoying the show." He pulled out an already hard dick that was about the same size as Alex.
Evan looked at Linda and me. I knew I could do one more but Linda had taken Alex in her ass. So, I wasn't sure. But she smiled and nodded. She said, "I can't let Momma outdo me."
He was wearing a suit. He took off his shoes and pants leaving on coat and tie. He said "Momma get on all four. Young thing ride on her like a horse. Momma, you can hold her up, can't you?"
I said, "Sure." It was amazing how much energy I had.
I got on my hands and knees. Linda straddle my ass and leaned on my back. I could feel her big soft tits on my back. Ivan pulled up a chair for her to use to support her upper body. Positioned like this our pussies and asses were open for the Big Boss's use.
I was glad to have the socks on. Linda was able to keep most of her weight off me but still nice to have the cushion. Without any fanfare, I felt the Big Boss's big dick enter my already stretched pussy. But, he was big enough to still fill my gapping pussy nicely.
He said, "Momma that is one soft pliable pussy. Good for you." He stroked me a few times then pulled out. I looked back and saw that he had switched to Linda hole. He said, "That is one young tight pussy, even though I know this is sloppy seconds."
He stroked Linda's pussy a few times, then said, "Ok Momma, let's see how that ass feels." He pushed his big member into my bunghole. He buried it to the hilt in one sweep. Thank goodness for all the practice I had with the anal plugs. My butthole knew what to do. He said, "Yeah Momma, you know what to do. I could stay in here all night but I just have to find out what young thing feels like."
He pulled out, I heard a pop. He pushed into Linda. He said, "Oh yeah that's tight. Not quite as practiced as Momma but man you are squeezing my thing."
Linda moaned. I was sure that was an orgasm. I asked, "Nice one?"
Linda giggled, "You know it. My asshole is so sensitive. Never knew."
Alex knelt in front of me, grabbed my right dangling breast and said, "Sorry to interrupt but I have to run. You just need to be fucked often."
He went to Linda's breast and said, "Did you like having my manly dick in your ass?"
Linda said, "I loved it. Thank you."
He said, "Until next time then."
Roy, Earl and Evan repeated this. I wasn't sure how late it was but I knew it had to be at least midnight. The Big Boss was back in my asshole.
Roy and Earl said as the Big Boss didn't miss a beat, "Linda, we are in so much trouble. We have to leave."
Linda said quickly, "I want to finish this with the Big Boss. I am still having, ahhhhhhh..." The Big Boss had switched to her pussy as they talked to her.
Ivan said, "Hey guys, I can take care of the girls so they can finish the Big Boss."
They looked at Linda and she said, "Ahhh..." Took a deep breath and said, "That works. Call tomorrow."
They each grabbed one of my tits and said, "Hope we can do this again Momma. You are one sexy cougar."
They left with the Big Boss fucking Linda and I. The Big Boss was loving having both of us. He went to a pattern of my pussy, my ass, Linda's pussy and lastly Linda's ass and then repeat. I knew as much as he was trying to hold out he couldn't for long. I had one more nice orgasm from the anal penetration. I was sure that Linda was still having orgasms when he pulled out and sprayed his jizzum over both our asses.
He said, "Couldn't decide who got my bounty so decided to share it."
In unison we said, "Thank you, Big Boss."
He said, "Now girls, clean me up. I can't go home to the wife with a dick that smells like pussy and ass."
We both got on hands and knees and licked his genitals, ball and thighs clean. He finally said, "That's good. Y'all are good girls."
He pulled on his pants and shoes as Ivan helped us to our feet. We both needed a little time to get the circulation back.
The Big Boss handed Ivan a card and said, "Let me know when you and the girls come back to the stadium. I want to make certain you get our VIP treatment. Girls, couldn't have been better."
He waved his hand so we did also. I looked at Linda and realized why we didn't get a hug. I said laughing, "You are a mess girlfriend."
"Well it looks like you had a good time also."
Ivan said, "There is a shower. I will try to find you something to wear."
We showered together, soaping and rinsing each other. We toweled each other off.
Ivan said, "Well, I found your tops. It is that or some dirty tee shirts. Linda, I did find your bandana, if that is okay."
Linda laughed, "I have worn it most of the night. Might as well finish with it."
We both tied on the ripped-up tops and Linda tied the bandana to almost cover her bottom. The tops only covered our nipples but stayed in place. Out we went into the night.
Paul and Jimmy were at the gate waiting to lock up. We both hugged them. Paul said, "You girls don't be strangers. We want to see you back, you hear."
We said, "We will. Thank you, sir."
We all sat in the front seat with Ivan. He asked, "Where do you want to go Linda?"
"I'm not sure. I can't go back to the dorm. It was locked at eleven. I assume it is later than that."
Ivan said, "It is after midnight. I have a guest bedroom that you and Sofia can share. Unless you are ready to do home Sofia."
I said, "I can share the bed with you Linda. It is a queen."
She said, "Okay by me but I don't have anything to sleep in."
I laughed, "Ivan has rules. One is everyone sleeps in the nude."
She said, "Good with me."
Ivan headed out. Linda said, "Any more rules."
I said, "We have to clean up and fix breakfast."
She said, "Sounds fair."