Author's note: This series is devoted to my wife, for whom it was originally written. It is both a history of our sexual life as well as my means of sharing our fantasies, with alterations to names and times to protect our friends, but both the fantasy and reality are/were spectacular enough to warrant sharing with others.
**This is a stand-alone story.** For those who have been following along, this is the fourth in the series. I return to the romantic and sensual here, so if you're expecting a quick story about fucking, you will probably get restless with the long build-up. Once again this story represents several different real-life events combined into one night. Enjoy.
---------
Gravel crunched under my truck's tires as we slowly crawled up the side of the mountain. The sun was setting behind us, rose and orange and yellow shades cascading across the snowy mountainside around us. Steamboat Springs lay behind us, patiently awaiting our return.
I looked over at Tori, dressed casually in a slinky tank top and silk pajama pants over her bikini. With the heater going in the truck she had stripped off her jacket and boots, and I couldn't resist reaching over to cop a feel before she smiled and playfully slapped my hand away. She had never been to Steamboat, and she didn't really believe there were hot springs up in the mountains. I was about to prove there were, and so much more.
My usual sarcasm and cynicism had died down since returning to my home state. Being in Texas makes me...restless. The serenity of the Colorado mountains calms me, and Tori wasn't quite sure what to expect from me in this subdued mood. But she didn't question me or seem perturbed, because she could see that I was content. She reached out and placed her hand on mine as I downshifted, maneuvering around another switchback.
The parking lot appeared over the next rise, as did the old train car which serves as the ticket booth. Tori quietly dressed as I parked, then we walked over and bought tickets for the evening. With the sun down, the already-cool temperature dropped steadily, and we moved quickly down the stone steps to the changing teepees.
"People really just change in here? Men and women?" she asked. I simply pointed to the different piles folded neatly around the floor, some clearly men's clothing and others obviously women's.
"But what about after? The clothes are going to be cold," she sounded a little worried, and I smiled at her in the waning twilight. Texan girls don't 'do' cold very well.
"It'll be fine, babe. Trust me." With that, I stripped out of my sweat pants and long-sleeved shirt, standing in my trunks and looking at her expectantly. She hesitated, then unzipped her coat and stepped out of her boots into flip-flops, then quickly pulled the blue tank top over her head and dropped her pants. She immediately began shivering. Apparently 30 deg fahrenheit is cold to her.
"Go hop in, I'll take care of our stuff."
"No! Come with me, I don't know where I'm going," she said pathetically. It was affected, but her shivering was sincere (if maybe a little exaggerated, too), and I sighed and piled our stuff quickly before taking her hand and leading her out of the teepee down to the water, which was right around the corner.
The first pool was the hottest, cut only a little by the mountain stream running beside the pools. The second pool, downhill from the first, mixed more of the mountain runoff with the heated spring water falling from the first pool. I led my girlfriend to the hotter one, gingerly stepping in and watching her face relax as her body warmed up again.
"You are worthless. You know that, right?" I chuckled.
"Shut up. It's freaking cold out here! There's snow on the ground!" she replied indignantly.
I settled against the stones ringing the pool and pulled her back into me, wrapping my arms around her. "I know it's a lot for a warm-blooded Texan princess to handle, but you did just fine. And now we're here: I told you the hot springs were real."
"Maybe..." she wiggled in my lap and rested her head back on my shoulder. We both enjoy people-watching, and our vantage provided a wonderful opportunity for it. Both pools had lots of people but weren't crowded, and everyone was paired up or in groups. Nearby a post-college group was talking and laughing while drinking beers from a stash buried in the snow. One guy draped his arm over one of the girls, leading her away in the darkness
"Where are we going?" she asked flirtatiously, her fingers lightly tracing along his shoulder. I watched them move over by the waterfall connecting the pools, whereupon he turned and kissed her. I leaned over and pecked Tori's cheek, then gestured over to the other pair. In the darkness my hand lazily brushed over her stomach as we watched the other two getting into it. Tori responded by sliding her hands along the outside of my thighs as we spied.
They were far enough away that we couldn't see below the surface, but the guy's actions became clear when he reached out of the pool and placed the girl's top on the stones. She was smiling and kissed him again as his hands retreated below the surface.
"He took off her top!" Tori exclaimed, and I smiled in the dark.
"Did you not see the sign? Clothing is optional after sunset."
"Really?" she asked significantly, her hands pausing on my leg. My other hand came up and both hands moved to her chest. Slowly I pulled the material covering her breasts to the side, momentarily baring her nipples underwater before my hands returned, rolling them in my fingers and rubbing them with my palms.
Having made his mark on her for the night, the guy finished his seduction and retrieved the bikini top, wrapping it around his forehead jokingly as he led his conquest back to the group. Their friends greeted them with catcalls and hoots, and she shook her chest at them before wrapping herself around her new beau.
I jolted slightly when I felt Tori's hand close around my erection, which had steadily grown as I fondled her. She didn't stroke it, but simply held onto it as it pulsed and flexed. For my part, I unfastened the hook between her shoulder blades and untied the bow around her neck. She didn't move as the bikini top detached and began slowly drifting toward the distant waterfall, and I casually retrieved it and wrapped it around my wrist.
Tori moved away from me, then turned and lifted herself into my lap, her nipples just clearing the surface before she settled astride my legs and kissed me. My hands returned to her breasts, kneading the soft flesh as her hips ground against my hard-on. I continued exploring her naked torso, my fingers eventually finding their way to her hips, to the bows connecting the halves of her bikini bottom. Slowly and deliberately I tugged against the strings. She smiled in the kiss, and gently asked, "Do you want me to be naked in front of all these people?"
I grinned devilishly back at her. "Of course I do."
"I see," and she resumed the kiss, saying nothing more. Eventually I took the hint and s-l-o-w-l-y pulled the bows apart, looping my fingers under the knot and pulling them out, too. I held onto one of the strings, gently sliding the material out from between us as she lifted herself up for a moment. It went around my other wrist, and my hands reached down and cupped her bare ass, pulling her deeper into my lap.
I marveled at her growing exhibitionism, so quickly ramped up from the conversation we had had months before sitting naked in my truck. Now here she was, buck naked at a public place, and not only did she seem perfectly fine with it, from the passion in her kissing it was clear she was turned on. And of course, so was I, but ironically I did not feel this was the time or the place to get too hot and heavy, so I didn't push things further. Within 15 minutes or so, both of us calmed down and accepted her nudity as a matter of course, though it was still very erotic.
It was a clear night with a full moon, bright enough to cast shadows. We changed locations frequently, moving to different parts of the pool, sometimes by the hot spring, other times closer to the stream. Eventually both of us were sweating hot, though, and I suggested we move to the other pool.
Tori's eyes narrowed and she smirked. "Really? You're getting too hot? Or do you just want to see me stand up in front of all these people and move to the other pool?"
I just smiled and shrugged, then jumped a little as her hand settled over my crotch. I had calmed down from before, but her sexy behavior would quickly revive me if she wasn't careful.
"Don't get too excited, Damon...if I'm going to walk over there naked, then so are you." I felt the tug as she untied the knot and pulled loose the velcro strap of my board shorts. I took over, pulling them down and tossing them across my shoulder.
"Lead the way, naughty girl."
A staircase and handrail run between the pools, parallel to the mountain stream, and we made our way over to it. Tori took the handrail and stepped out as I watched. The moonlight glistened off her back as the water ran down the lines of her spine and hipbones, her wonderful heart-shaped derriere flexing as she stepped up and around. The curving stairs then brought her profile in view, her perky, rose-tipped breasts steaming and sharpening in the sudden cold. She looked spectacular.
I knew I was not the only guy to appreciate that beautiful moment, and I had to move quickly or risk lewdly swinging a hardened cock between my legs in the transit. I followed her up and over, settling into the cooler pool beside her. My hand found her butt as I moved in and kissed her, silently thanking her for that wonderful gift. It still confused the hell out of my why showing her off like that turned me on, but I wasn't troubled by it enough to stop it. More importantly, neither was she. Her hand brushed across my cock, then reached down and momentarily cupped my naked balls before retreating. She broke off the kiss and wiggled her nose at me, then led me deeper into the recesses of the pool.
This one was indeed much cooler, and ultimately more comfortable. We snuggled up and resumed our people-watching, enjoying the sound of wind blowing through the pine trees and the quiet beauty of the mountain night.
We interrupted our own reveries with occasional kissing and fondling, taking pleasure in the naughtiness of our brazen nudity, but without speaking it aloud both of us agreed to keep it toned down, at least while we were here. The tranquility of the remote, undisturbed mountainside subdued our sexual fervor, as did the presence of those around us, even if they were as comfortable with our nudity as we were.
Gazing up at the stars, I considered how my life was slowly changing, evolving little by little under the influence of the girl in my arms. Without demanding anything, without announcing overt expectations or applying direct pressure, Tori was subtly restructuring my universe around her, and everything else was becoming a buttress for this relationship. Normally I would have been scared, or even annoyed, but perhaps as a long-awaited sign of maturity, instead I was beyond happy about the circumstances and alterations to my priorities--I was content. I realized it was not that everything was changing now that she was in my life. Rather, everything was simply better. I squeezed her in my arms and kissed her neck. She turned and kissed me back.
All good things end before they should, and the springs aren't open all night. I wanted to beat the rush, since there's only one four-wheel-drive road into the place, so we made our way back to the first pool early, passing once more over the staircase (again, a major thrill for me). I pretended to be disappointed when she took back her swimsuit and donned it before stepping out, but she leaned over and kissed me, once again taking my manhood in hand.
"Don't worry, lover; I won't be dressed for long."
With that, she was out of the pool, and my momentary excitement quickly gave way to concern for her, since I knew she would be cold very soon if she didn't dry off immediately. I quickly pulled on my shorts and followed her into the teepee, wrapping her in two giant beach towels and rubbing her down.
"Take off your swimsuit, you'll be warmer that way." She hesitated for a moment, then did it, and I limited myself to a quick slap on the butt before helping her with the pajama bottoms, tank top, jacket, and boots. She looked ridiculous, but warm, and really cute.
I toweled off quickly and stripped, stepping back into my sweatpants and long-sleeved shirt, wrapping the swimsuits and flip-flops in the towels and carrying the bundle underarm as I took her by the hand and led her back up the stairs to the parking lot.
The warmth of her body, heated by the springs for the past two hours, quickly took the chill out of her clothes, but I knew even that would probably not be enough given how cold it was outside. We bundled into my truck and I started it, putting the gearshift in neutral and revving the engine to warm it up faster. In my concern to get her changed over, get back to the truck, and get it warmed up quickly, I didn't notice that she had been quiet the whole time. When her hand reached over and took mine, I could feel how warm she still was from the hot springs. I looked over at her, dreamlike and beautiful in the blue light of the CD player.
"I love you," she said quietly, a sleepy-content look on her face. "I will do anything for you...swim naked with you in hot springs, hook up with you in front of our friends, stay the night in your crappy dorm room, let you fondle me in public and have your way with me in your truck, parked wherever you want...I don't care what we do, in private or in public, as long as it's with you."
I gazed at her and tentatively smiled. I didn't really know how to respond; I simply couldn't fathom why someone as incredible as her felt this way about me. She was beyond anything I could hope for: smart, kind, forgiving, beautiful, and completely unselfish, a stark contrast to my immaturity, cunning sarcasm, and selective generosity.
"I don't deserve you," was all I could find to say. I meant it.
She smiled gently. "I know. But you have me anyways."
I leaned over and kissed her. "You have me too, Tori."
"Mmm, not yet...let's go home and do something about that."
I smiled and backed out of the parking lot, warm air finally blowing from the vents.
-------
We pulled into the cabin's driveway, within sight of but not too close to the next cabin over. My father owned this place, and loaned it to us for the weekend. It was substantial, two stories tall with a fully-functional kitchen and four bedrooms. He made quite a bit of money renting it out in the summers for softball tournaments and during the ski season, but for now it was just the two of us.
We walked hand-in-hand to the door, and once inside we started making out as we slowly undressed. The drive home had been utterly quiet, both of us simply enjoying our emotional bond and the magic of the hot springs, shared together as two souls continuing to move closer together. Now, though, the slow burn of desire grew rapidly, at least until she pushed me away, looking up into my eyes.
"Since we got here yesterday, there's something I've wanted us to do. I need to shower and get ready. Go clean up, then meet me in the living room in fifteen minutes." She turned and walked down the carpeted hall to the master bedroom, her ass bouncing with every step.
I exhaled slowly, frustrated but excited. I made my way up the spiral staircase to the upstairs bathroom, turning on the shower and quickly rinsing and soaping down, removing the faint sulfur smell of the hot springs. I turned my shower off as I heard the downstairs one come on (there's limited water pressure), and I walked out to the loft overlooking the living room, wondering what she had in store.
I turned and lay down naked on the lush carpet, listening to the water in the pipes passing through the ceiling as I visualized my amazing girlfriend showering below me. Soaping her breasts, suds running down the crack of her behind and over her soft rose petal lips, leaning back to soak her gorgeous raven hair....I didn't touch myself, but I could feel my body responding to Tori's magical sexuality from the other side of the cabin.
The shower stopped, and a few minutes later I heard the bedroom door slide across the carpet. She moved into the living room and turned on the fireplace. She moved around the room, arranging things, and I checked my watch. Just about time. I stood and returned to the staircase, sliding my hand on the wrought iron rail so she would hear my approach.
She was lying on her side on the bearskin rug, her back to the fire, head propped up by her hand, looking at me. The only light in the room came from the fire and the candles she had placed strategically on stands and the coffee table. Her long hair, still wet, was splayed out across the white rug behind her. She wore a dark blue nighty made of silk, barely long enough to cover her hips and with light blue lace above her breasts. I had never seen it before, and I was paralyzed by her beauty.
Her arm slowly reached up and she combed her fingers through her hair. I was hypnotized by the subtle shift in the silk as her breast moved beneath it.
"I want you to make love to me by the fireplace," she said quietly. I could feel blood pounding in my head and I rocked back on my heels. I was shocked--I didn't realize she was ready to have sex. Instead of celebrating as most college boyfriends would have, I was awed, overwhelmed with the realization that I wasn't sure if I was ready.
Every relationship in the past had failed (obviously), many of them because of sex; specifically, how we felt about each other after sex. I loved Tori, really loved her, and suddenly I was terrified that I wouldn't feel the same way after sleeping with her, or worse, that she wouldn't feel the same way about me afterward, and I would lose her.
But as quickly as it appeared, the fear evaporated. I knew, way down in the depth of my soul, that she was everything to me, and I would not feel anything less because we 'finally' had sex. And I knew she felt the same way. I couldn't explain how, but I just did.
I looked at her, radiantly backlit by the fire, and I knew she was mine, and I was hers--simple as that. It was time, then, for us to share ourselves fully with each other, and I could not imagine a more perfect setting.
I came to her, and she rolled onto her back as I gingerly knelt between her legs, lying down atop her. We kissed and touched, exploring, revealing and discovering new things about each other in the flickering light. She wore nothing under the dainty nightgown. My fingers found her moist, and her hands once more wrapped around my cock, this time not just teasing, but pleasuring as we both delicately ministered to the other's arousal.
I broke free, sliding down her silken body. Her pussy was now sodden, dripping down onto the rug. I broadly licked from the base of the slit to her clitoris, and she sighed. I licked her and fingered her, watching from below as she slid the little straps from her shoulders, pulling down the lacy top and freeing her flattened breasts, the nipples pointing up to the ceiling as she rolled and pinched them between her fingers.
I kissed and pulled on the lips of her pussy, engorged in arousal, and she moaned my name as her back arched and her thighs flexed. I moved back, slowing her momentum so she wouldn't cum yet. Her breathing evened out, and I moved back on top of her. She immediately kissed me, sharing her taste and sucking my tongue clean.
I could not wait any longer. Deftly I donned a condom, taken from the box lying beside the rug. Suddenly I was poised at her entrance, the girl I loved and who made me so happy looking up into my eyes, her face at once loving and open, banishing any lingering doubt about us. I slowly pressed against her slit, making sure I was lined up properly before pushing. Momentary resistance gave way to incredible warmth and tightness. She gasped as I grunted, and suddenly we were moving together, a frenzy of motion as we at last acted out how much we loved each other.
I wanted her--not just in a carnal sense, but as a primal need to complete my life. We had only been together for a few months, but this was unlike any other connection I'd shared with anyone before. I finally understood what it meant to make love, or rather, to share it.
Her rapturous face confirmed that she was going through the same sequence of realization. Her legs wrapped around my waist and she pulled me to her, kissing me as tears poured from her eyes. Her orgasm was powerful but quiet; she never moaned or stopped kissing me, but I could feel her body shudder and her muscles squeezing around my cock. I was overwhelmed with joy, and my own climax surprised me, and I grunted quietly as I came with her.
Our bodies continued rocking less and less until we were simply laying together, still kissing, basking in the fire's warmth as we came down from our first time being truly together. It was beyond anything I could ever imagine, and despite how powerful the emotions felt, I was surprisingly detached in my mind, considering my situation in a supremely sublime condition, aware of this moment's significance but not being carried away by it. She was The One. Now that I knew it, everything else either didn't matter or seemed ridiculously insignificant.
She sniffled softly, and I leaned back and smiled down at her benignly.
"Hey, you...I love you."
"I love you, too," she replied, then sniffled again. I leaned down and kissed her.
"That was perfect. How did you know you were ready? How did you know I was ready?" I asked, not hiding the wonder in my voice.
"I don't know, I just...did. I love you so much, and I know you love me just as much, and it wasn't a matter of trust, or devotion, or anything else that's been missing from my past boyfriends. It was just time." Another tear slid down her cheek as she smiled. "And I couldn't be happier."
I reached up and stopped the tear with my finger. "Me neither." We gazed at each other in the firelight. My mind grew strangely silent. No thoughts, no defined emotions, just her--only her. I kissed her, then kissed her again, sliding my arms beneath her and rolling over onto my back. She stayed with me, straddling my waist and returning my kiss.
The silk nightgown formed a navy band around her waist as she sat up, the orange flicker playing across her breasts as she reached up and pulled her hair into a ponytail. My hands slid up and cupped her breasts as her arms lowered and her fingernails scratched lightly up and down my chest. I had slipped out of her while rolling over, and my resting cock pointed up at my bellybutton. Unashamedly she removed the condom, placing it in an ashtray on the coffee table. The gesture was loving and erotic. She stared down at me as her hands returned to my cock. I played with her nipples as her fingers rubbed my taint and gently twisted the sensitive underside of my dick, slick with my cum.
I considered her as I cleared my throat. "If you know me so well, what do I want now?"
She didn't respond immediately, her chest rising and falling beneath my hands as her forearm tendons cabled beneath the skin, drawing her fingernails lightly across my sac. Then she slid back on my thighs, leaning down slowly as she finally broke eye contact. Her damp ponytail felt cold on my thigh, quickly forgotten as her lips closed around my cock. She licked me clean, then took me as deeply as she could, cupping my balls in her warm hand as she began bobbing her head up and down.
"Tori, wait, that's not what...oh, Jesus...you are perfect," I mumbled as my dick quickly returned to full hardness. Still she continued to pleasure me, humming softly as she sucked my balls, licking all around the sac as I slowly stroked my wet cock. She took over again with her mouth, planting her hands beside my hips and increasing her tempo. My head fell back to the rug and I groaned; her blowjobs were becoming transcendent.
She pulled back, releasing my dick, which thumped onto my stomach. I looked down at her, marveling in how quickly she had revived me. The fire highlighted the traces of her Japanese heritage, and I was mesmerized by her intense stare as she reached out and picked up another condom. Silently she opened it and unwrapped it over my dick, then with one parting, sultry glance, she faced away from me on all fours.
I rolled onto my knees behind her, cock throbbing at the delectable sight before me: Tori, the most magnificent girl I had ever met, naked but for a silk nightgown around her waist, offering herself to me again only minutes after the most emotionally intense sexual experience of my life. She had tasted herself on me, had tasted the rubbery condom without any sign of repugnance, just to make me hard, and now she patiently waited for me make love to her again. I could do naught else but humbly oblige.
She was hyper sensitive, so I took it slow entering her again. I savored the incredible way her pussy squeezed around my cock; even through the condom I could feel the texture of her inner walls. From this angle I could watch her pussy lips pull after me as I withdrew, then push back in as I tenderly drove forward. My hands naturally fell on her hips, and I gently pushed and pulled them in time with my slow thrusting.
I pushed myself deeply into her, rotating my hips, which elicited a sharp hiss, and I noticed her hand go up to her clit. I leaned down, spooning her as I reached up from below and cupped her breasts. My cock inched in and out of her as I nibbled her shoulder and rubbed her nipples. Her breathing increased in pace and volume, and I leaned back once again to resume a more urgent tempo.
My strokes came long and deliberate, one hand on her hip, the other gripping her ponytail. The hand on her clit reached down and fondled my balls for a moment, and I thrust deeply to give her better access. When I started rotating my hips again, however, her support arm gave out, and I had to let go of the ponytail and hold her waist upright with both hands. Her hand returned to her more immediate needs, and I resumed thrusting.
Looking at her back, the image flashed through my mind of her, dripping wet, walking between the pools, her glorious nudity and perfect body haloed in moonlight, and suddenly I was going over the edge.
"Oh God, Tori...TORI!" and I exploded. Her whimpering joined my cries, and though my head fell back and my eyes clenched shut, I could feel her telltale shivering in my hands and around my pulsing cock.
There was no lingering this time. Once finished, I gingerly pulled out, the pain immediate and sharp. Tori saw me grit my teeth as I removed the condom.
"Are you going to be sore, baby?" she asked, concerned.
I chuckled softly. "Yeah, but I don't care in the least. I would live with this pain every day of my life if it meant doing what we just did."
I threw the vile rubber into the ashtray, then looked at her. Beneath her ponytail she had the same sleepy-content look on her face from earlier this evening. Delicately I reached over and tossed her hair to the other side.
"So you do really know what I want."
"Oh, baby...that was better than I imagined! I was worried you wouldn't be up for another go," she rolled onto her side and stretched like a cat. Even after two rounds I could feel the deep yearning in my body to see her do that.
"You bring out the best in me, darling, in every way." My response was far more emotional than I intended. She rolled over, facing toward the fire and away from me. I spooned her, and she took my hand and placed it on her heart.
"I love you, Damon," she said simply, knowing it was exactly what I needed to hear. All of my eloquence and struggle to find the right thing to say was my way of showing her how much I cared, yet she was the one who had the perfect words.
"I love you too, Tori," I whispered in reply, but she was already asleep, and soon I joined her.