This is a true story, from my model and friend, Kasey's perspective. She relates to me her feelings and thoughts and I write. We have a lot of fun doing it and we hope you have a lot of fun reading. We love hearing the results!
You should read the first part of this series to discover how we arrived at this point, but can still enjoy this without doing so.
You won't find any hunks with 6 packs and 10 inch cocks or fashion models with firm tits and taut arses here.
I'm Sean, a 50 something, ordinary man with many interests including voyeurism. As I explained to Kasey in the first instalment, a voyeur likes to look and watch. Peeping toms are just voyeurs who specialise. I'm only interested in people who want to be watched and looked at.
Kasey is a 30 something woman and much the same as me, but she's an exhibitionist . Anyway, on with Kasey's narrative.
My photo session with Sean was far and away the hottest experience of my life, with many new experiences for me, not the least of which is that I can cum like a man. I think they call it squirting.
It affirmed in me my desire to expose myself. I'd tried to replicate the experience by flashing my panties at men who were clearly hoping for a flash, but that wasn't enough. My deep sexual desire has become to not just go 'The Full Monty', but to really open myself up, if you get my drift, to men who are also willing participants, in a safe environment.
After my life changing photo session with Sean, I contacted him online and we talked about my desires. It was great to be able to express my desires to somebody who was so understanding and from the 'receiving' point of view. We talked about so many scenarios and those discussions might be great reading at a later date.
As a result, Sean organised a little get together that blew my mind. He got together three of his like minded friends and set up a situation where I could expose myself to more than one man and enjoy myself times four.
On the appointed evening , Sean set up a coffee table with two wooden chairs on each of the long sides and a lounge chair at one end. I'd learnt a lot of tricks from just being perved at by men, but a lot more from Sean, including that bras are just a hindrance, a loose skirt is preferable to a tight one and for the true voyeur, knickers are an absolute must wear.
So I dressed in red heels, no stockings, a black micro miniskirt, a clingy silky white halter top, no bra and brief white high side panties, not g-string because I'm aware of the need for enough crotch material to hide what will be revealed later and to collect my pussy juice, but to also have plenty of bare arse on show.
I was nervous, but excited as I waited in the next room and heard Sean explain the rules to the other men. They were all friends of Sean's with ages ranging from 40-60. There's no need to describe them any further at this stage and to be honest, I didn't take much notice of anything but their eyes and cocks.
"OK lads," Sean sounded well in control with just with those two words, "as promised the lady here this evening for your perving pleasure is hot, hot, hot. Just remember that while we may reap some rewards, we are here for her benefit, not our own."
Just hearing Sean say that made my pussy react and my nipples a little harder. He continued, "Feel free to touch any bare skin or anything else if invited too and be gentle. Our lady is not interested in intercourse, she simply loves to expose herself and likes to see the affect she has, so first up, we all take our gear off and no touching yourself until you're fully hard. Kasey wants to know your stiff cock is caused by her."
It all seemed so dirty and abnormal, sleazy even, but Sean made it sound like it was a completely normal thing to do and that made me more confident, as did their murmurs of agreement and the sound of them disrobing.
I was so nervous. I was about to walk into a room full of naked men and flaunt myself to them. The thought of them being naked and me being clothed, initially, gave me a lot of confidence and I told myself that it was important that I appeared confident and in control.
I could hear the men in conversation so assumed they had retaken their seats. I picked up my first props, a tray with 4 glasses of whisky.
I steeled myself and walked into the room holding the tray low enough so that their view of my tits jiggling under my top was not impeded. They stopped talking and all 8 eyes in the room were on my tits.
I acted as if this was the most normal thing the world and as I approached the coffee table I smiled and said "Good evening gentlemen. Would anybody care for a drink?"
While they were all answering in the affirmative, I did a quick check of their cocks. They were all limp, which was what I wanted ... for now anyway.
Sean had strategically placed the chairs a little away from the table. I went to his side, in front of and between the two chairs. I bent at the waist to put the tray down. My skirt was so short that I knew I'd be exposing my knickers and arse cheeks as soon as I started bending. By the time I bent right over, they'd be able to see all of the back of my knickers and because my legs were slightly apart, they'd also have a good view of my gusset.
I took my time serving the drinks to the men on the other side of the table, placing coasters on the table before taking each glass and placing them carefully on the coasters. Not any easy task as I was watching their cocks for any reaction.
They had a good view down my top and would have been able to see all of my tits, including my very stiff nipples. It seems the view was agreeable, because their cocks stirred. That sight made my pussy spasm a little.
Meanwhile, behind me, Sean had taken the initiative as I felt his familiar hand cup my left cheek, squeezing it, stroking it, fondling it. The other man, seeing this, ran his hand up the inside of my thing, bypassing my knicker clad pussy and fondled my right cheek.
Obviously, to extend the time he had to fondle me, Sean said, "Where are my manners?" his hand never leaving my arse, "Kasey, love, meet Phil."
The man on my right leaned forward and extended his right hand. "Pleased to meet you Kasey." He was obviously relying on me to complete the handshake, because his eyes never left my tits.
Then Sean continued the introductions, "And Con." The other man used the sane handshake method. "Sean has told us a lot about Kasey and so far, he's spot on. You are gorgeous."
I just smiled in response. My voice had left me temporarily as a result of the fondling of my arse. I was having mini orgasms already.
I straightened and smoothed the back of my skirt back down, at the same time gently brushing the fondling hands away.
I went around the other side of the table a served Sean and his friend, ensuring Phil and Con got equal viewing. The view had the desired effect on the other side of the table. I was now looking at two cocks, not yet fully hard, but well on the way. Sean's cock head was now peeping out of his foreskin and his uncut friend's cock had lengthened considerably.
On my side of the table, I had hands travelling up the inside of each thigh before both cheeks were fondled. It was so exciting being lusted after, quite respectfully, by these men. They were playing by the rules and only touching what was uncovered, but if I was honest, my pussy was aching to be touched.
Sean finished off the introductions, "Kasey, please meet Kev." I received exactly the same manner of handshake.
Kev said to my tits, "We thought Sean was probably exaggerating. It's our pleasure that he wasn't."
Being complimented like this was such a turn on for me. Remember that I'm just an average woman, no raving beauty and I love to expose myself. That these men thought I was sexy, despite that made my mind and my pussy very happy.
That sense was heightened when while going through my straightening, smoothing and brushing routine, I glanced down at Con's cock to see it nearly, but not quite fully erect.
I went and sat at the head of the table, in the lounge chair. I could survey my 'territory' nicely from here. I put my feet and legs firmly together and sat demurely, but I was aware that the shortness of my skirt made it likely that 'my boys' could more than likely she my knickers. But it would only be the part covering my pubic triangle, not the juicy part, he he.
I pondered that while checking on the state of their cocks. They were still slowly on the rise. Men probably don't realise the various changes their cocks go through when going from limp to stiff. Let me assure you women do, or at least this woman does.
It's not just the change in length and girth. There are some subtle and not so subtle changes to a man's veins, cock head colour, foreskin, balls, lots of things a woman notices. That's another reason I wanted to see the slow transformation of this group of cocks.
I observed, "Phew, it's a little hot in here," doing the 'fanning my face with my hand' thing, ensuring my tits bounced under their silk enclosure and bringing my boys attention back to them. "Does anybody mind if I take my top off?"
Con's cock shot to full erection. I figured he was enjoying the tease as much as the limited exposure so far. There was a collective, garbled mumbling and I started to remove my top, when I noticed Con's hand moving to his cock. I held my hand up snd said "No, the rules are that nobody is to touch their cock until all cocks are fully hard."
Con moved his hand away. I felt so in control and my cunt spasmed and my arsehole twitched. 'Mmmm', I thought, 'I quite like that.' It wasn't a femdom thing. It was all very convivial and I had no intention of going down the femdom path.
"Sean told you that you're here for my benefit, boys," all four of them squirmed in their seats when I said boys. I think they liked it he, he. "I want to see your reactions to me. I'd hate to think that one of my boys might get to full erection from seeing Con wank." We all laughed, which dissipated any thought of femdom.
I crossed my arms over and grabbed the bottom of silky top and whipped it off. The effect was immediate for Sean. It was like somebody blowing the last required breath into a balloon. His cock went from nearly erect to standing straight up. I was so proud of myself, but I still had one nut to crack, so to speak.
I raised my right leg and slowly commenced doing an exaggerated crossing of my legs, giving them a good look at my crotch. You could hear a pin drop as all eyes stared at where my knickers covered my juicy bits.
I'd intended crossing knee over knee, but I wanted to move things on a little, so I placed my right ankle on my left knee, giving my boys a nice, unimpeded view.
The did the trick and Kev's cock shot to attention. He commented to Sean, "Fuck, you were right about the wet spot, Sean."
"I'd rather you didn't talk about me like I'm not in the room. Perhaps you could direct your comments to me," I said keeping control, "so tell me, what's the big attraction with the wet spot?" already knowing the answer.
Phil had apparently noticed that all four cocks were now fully erect, as he was lazily stroking his as he answered. "Because it's very horny Kasey. It's a sure sign that you're getting off on what you're doing, a bit like a bloke having a tent in his pants. The body doesn't lie." He wasn't looking in my eyes when he answered and if he had, he would have seen that mine were squarely fixed on him stroking his cock.
I reached my hand down, giving my pussy a quick rub and turning my wet spot into a wet patch. "Fuck Kasey, you'll have us all cumming, before you taken your panties off, if you keep the up," Con observed.
I withdrew my hand, fully showing what was now a big area of wetness in my knickers. I find it interesting that men tend to call knickers, panties. I know it bothers some women, but I find it cute.
"Well, can't have that," I said as I stood up, "the next rule is that if you get anywhere near cumming, you're to stop wanking and wait until that urge subsides. Nobody is to cum until I say you can. Do you understand?"
They all agreed and I hooked my thumbs into the sides of my knickers and started to lower them, careful not to show any of my pussy just yet. I let go of them mid thigh and they dropped to my shoes. I turned slightly sideways and stepped one foot out of them, leaving them still around my right ankle.
I sat back in the chair and lifted first my left leg and then my right over the arms of the lounge chair, leaving my shaved pussy wide open for my boys. As I did this, I could feel my cunt lips part, exposing me even further.
My pussy spasmed and I orgasmed as I exposed myself. It was such a satisfying, hands free orgasm. They all groaned, "Fuck" and Sean later told me they knew I was cumming, because my cunt hole was opening and closing with the spasms.
Con started wanking faster, but the other three removed their hands from their cocks. I looked from one to the other as I came and their different states prolonged my orgasm.
Phil's cock was jerking up and down on it's own, Kev's was streaming pre cum. I say streaming because it wasn't just a droplet oozing from the eye of his cock, it was a full on stream of crystal clear fluid, clearly not spunk.
I had to rub my clit when I saw that and my orgasm went to another level. Sean was squeezing the base of his cock, stopping his spunk from rising any further. Then Con stopped jerking and his cock throbbed.
My left hand then joined my right and I spread my pussy lips wide open, to show them all the way into my cunt. I was still spasming, so I imagine they had a great view of my cunt walls contracting and expanding.
Exposing myself so fully had my my juices flowing so much, I could feel them running down to my puckered little arsehole. That tight whole was something I'd never thought about exposing before, but I guess it inevitable that I had, unintentionally, on a few occasions.
Now I wanted to, intentionally. The thought was so dirty and I wanted to be dirty for my boys.
Using my legs on the arm of the chair, I lifted my bum off the seat , took my arse cheeks in my hands and spread them wide. I could tell that tiny hole was open to my boys view in thee ways.
First was the rush of air I could feel go in, second was that I could feel a stream of my pussy juice follow the air in and third was all four men leaned forward as I did it.
Still holding myself open, I moved the index finger of my right hand and felt and played with the pucker ridges that led to the centre and then I couldn't resist. I pushed that finger into my dirty little hole and it slid in easily, all the way up to the knuckle.
The reaction from my boys was delightful. They were all wide eyed, mouths open (and a couple of tongues hanging out) and they all resumed stroking their cocks, very slowly.
I slid my finger in and out a few times. I'd never had anything up there before. I felt quite nice, very naughty and painful at all. I slipped my finger out and lowered my bum.
My pussy was still wide open. I pointed to Kev and said, "You can do something for me." I stuck out my tongue and made a licking motion.
Judging by the speed his face made it between my legs, I got my message across. I pointed to Con and Phil and said, "You two can come up here for a closer look, one on either side, please."
Kev proved himself very proficient, orally, right from the start. He licked up and down my outer lips, lightly a few times, before giving me a real thrill by licking from my arsehole all the way up my slit and over my clit. He repeated that four times before pulling me open and plunging his slithering tongue deep inside my cunt.
In the meantime, Con and Phil were playing with my nipples while watching Kev. Their hard cocks close to my face, giving me a good look at them close up. Interestingly, Phil's balls seemed tucked right up and Con's were hanging loose.
I reached a hand out to fondle both sets of balls. Con's felt like a pair of plums in a loose bag. Phil's felt like walnuts in a tight purse. That's what I like to call locked and loaded. Phil was ready to shoot.
I demanded, "Rub the heads of your cocks on my nipples boys. Rub all that pre cum on them. I want to feel your frenums sliding over my nipples.
And like good boys they did as I asked as Kev took my clit between his lips and sucked on it gently. I glanced over at Sean. he was very slowly moving his foreskin back and forth over his cock head, which was wet with pre cum. Sean was biding his time, enjoying the show. He knew I would give him a special treat.
I was pushing my cunt hard against Kev's mouth, silently urging him to suck and lick harder. From the amount of juice pouring out of Phil's cock, I knew he'd be giving me his hot cum very soon.
I moved my hand further between Phil's legs, moving my middle finger towards his arsehole. I said, "Have you got something for me honey?" Then I pushed my finger deep in his tight hole, feeling for his prostate.
I found it just as he exploded, shooting a spray of hot spunk over my tits and Con's cock. "Fuuuuuck," he moaned as jet after jet of his seed splattered my tits.
I could feel Con's balls churning in their sac and I told him, "On my face, sweetie." He turned and pointed they eye of his cock to my nearest cheek.
Just then, Kev did something totally unexpected. He moved his tongue to my chocolate starfish and plunged it deep inside. My cunt went ballistic!
As Con shot his load on my face, Kev started tongue fucking my arsehole. From the depths of me spurted my own cum. Stream after stream hit Kev's face, a lot shooting straight over his head.
That got Sean into action. He moved so that his mouth was in the firing line and drank my cum.
Con has completely covered my face in spunk, without getting any in my eyes. Clever boy. I put that in the memory bank.
I had to push Kev away, it was too much for me. I lay back exhausted. I called Sean over and whispered in his ear. He left the room. The other boys resumed their seats, Con and Phil's cocks now on the slack, but Kev's was hard as an iron bar.
I asked, "Would you like a towel to wipe your face, Kev?"
He replied, "No thanks. I'm loving the feeling and smell of you cum on my face. That's a first for me."
"I understand, I love being covered in cum. Do you think it suits me?" I asked as I stood and moved closer to the boys, to give them a better look.
Phil piped up, "Best fucking make up, I've ever seen, love." We all laughed.
Con added "And that was the hottest show I've ever seen, Kasey. It's so fucking horny that you love it so much."
I cocked my head at Con and said, "What do you mean 'was'? I've still got two big loads of cum still owing to me."
Sean returned with a large jug if beer and one large glass.
Con said, "You greedy bastard! Only one glass?"
Sean retorted, laughing, "Mate, a special lady like Kasey gets what she wants. If you want a drink, get your fucking own!"
Sean put the jug and glass on the table in front of me, while Sean went and moved his large hall mirror to a strategic spot.
I bent to pick up the jug and pour my beer. Con and Phil's hands went straight to my arse. I thought Kev might take the opportunity to play with my tits, but I guess he was put off by their coating of Phil's cum.
I chugged down that beer in one long go and refilled the glass. I stayed bent over for a while and enjoyed Phil and Con's fingering of my cunt and arsehole.
My arsehole was really enjoying itself tonight and that's the reason for the strategically placed mirror. There was something I wanted to try.
I finished the rest of the beer and sat back in my chair. I watched Kev and Sean gingerly stroking their cocks and Phil and Con furiously wanking theirs in an attempt to catch up and hopefully get another load out before we finished.
I knelt on my lounge chair with my back to the boys, in a kind of on all fours fashion. I pushed my arse out and up, so the boys could see both of my sexy holes. God, I felt like a slut and I loved it.
I beckoned them all to me, "Con, on my right, Phil on my left, Kev, behind me."
Sean didn't need any instructions, he knew what was required of him. I looked up at Phil and Con and said, "Grab a cheek each and pull my arse so wide apart, my little hole opens up. Kev, you start wanking and make sure you shoot your cream right in my arsehole."
I felt like I was floating on air. Con and Phil pulled my cheeks wide and I could feel my brown hole open up. My boys were helping me be a dirty, cum soaked slut and they enjoyed it as much as me. In fact they'd told me enjoyed it so much, because I enjoyed it so much.
I looked to my left, to the mirror and nodded, indicating to Sean it was in the right place. I might have been facing away from Kev, but I didn't want to miss any of his cum shooting into my arsehole. Sean, bless him, had the forethought to grab his camera, so I could watch it from the best angle later.
I watched Kev pumping his cock in the mirror. There was no finesse, no special techniques. He was at that stage, like all men who aren't porn stars, where all he was concerned with was getting his cum out.
I knew exactly when it was that Kev was going to come, he planted his feet, hi knees bent and he got that male 'I'm about cum' face. I'm sure my arsehole opened a but wider.
I was watching the eye of his cock in the mirror and saw his cock head expand. It was then that my cunt went started spasming, the start of my orgasm. Kev leaned forward just and his cock head nearly kissed my arsehole.
Half of his first stream of spunk went straight into hole before it clamped shut. the feeling of it shooting into me was out of this world. The rest of that first stream splashed against my closed, puckered hole.
The next spurt sprayed over my arse cheeks and back. Still a very hot feeling, but I wanted it in my arsehole. As my pussy spasmed in orgasm, so too did my sphincter. Kev's cock then did kiss my hole, going in only millimetres. Just enough for his eye to be in.
His third and fourth spurts all went inside me. When my sphincter contracted, the eye of his cock remained inside me and his cream kept filling my tight hole.
I thought reach my hand down and rub my clit, but I didn't think I could handle it. As it was my cunt was going crazy. Then Kev did something totally unexpected.
When his cum was spent, he knelt down and pushed his tongue into my arsehole and then made a slurping noise as he licked and sucked his own spunk out of my arse.
There was a gaggle of talk from everybody who didn't have their mouth full.
"Faaaark."
"Shit, that's the hottest thing I've ever seen."
"Fucking hell!"
"Dirty Bastard! great stuff!"
"Yesssssss!"
At that last comment, I felt cum splashing on my blind side cheek. It seems Con had caught up while I wasn't watching. I turned and took his cock in my mouth, milking the last of the cum from his balls. That itself shows the state I was in. I don't normally do that on the first date ;-).
When Kev had cleaned me out, he fell back in exhaustion. My orgasms had exhausted me too, but I had one final task to complete. Well two actually, but I could kill two birds with one stone.
I got up from my chair and said to Sean, "On the floor, big boy." He did as he was told, partly because he knew he was in for a treat and partly because he always does what I ask him to.
He lay on the floor and I stood astride his hips. He looked up st my throbbing cunt. "Wank that lovely cock for me Sean," I said. I asked Phil to help me stay steady a I slowly started squatting.
I'm sure the other boys thought I was going to lower my pussy onto Sean's cock and fuck him. That's why they're men. If they were women, they'd have known you don't stand astride a man's hips if you want to land on his cock.
As I knew I would, my cunt was now about 6" in front of Sean's cock. With Phil still keeping me steady, I spread my lips wide for Sean.
"Tell me when you're nearly ready sweetie," I smiled. Seconds later he grunted, nodded and slowed his stroking slightly.
Normally, it might take me a while, but I was bursting. A hot yellow stream of piss came from my piss hole, like a dam had burst and was directed straight and the head of Sean's cock.
He grunted again, his hand flew up and down his cock and within seconds, his own hot stream burst out of the eye of his cock, except his was white. My cunt started having more contractions while I pissed, when I saw it. I swear his first spurt went a full metre (3 feet) in the air. To have achieved that as a result from Sean almost had me in tears.
He spurted and spurted and I counted them. Nine! Nine fucking strong spurts of spunk from a 59 year old man, who'd seen a lot, was the ultimate compliment to me. I fell back, still pissing when Phil came on my pussy.
Job done :-)