I picked up my mobile and dialled Neil's number. My pussy was tingling with excitement and anticipation, awaiting Neil to answer his phone.
"Hi Suzi, how can I help?" Neil answered in a very chirpy cheerful tone.
"Hi babe, just a call to see what you're up to tonight?" I said in an inquisitive tone.
"I've got no plans at all sexy, do you have anything in mind?" Neil said, still in his cheerful tone with just a hint of sass.
"Well James is working in London this week and tonight will be the night we have phone sex, but I wondered if you would like to fuck me and James will think I'm playing with myself!" I blurted "I'll put something sexy on and all holes are on offer!"
"You're telling me I can fuck you tonight and all holes are up for grabs. Is there any chance of some photographs and maybe a video?" Neil queried.
"Of course there is. It would be kind of hot to make a porno of just me and you without James knowing" I giggled "But don't let on that you're here fucking me. When James rings up I want him to think that it's just me bringing myself off!"
"I hope its a long phone call!" Neil laughed "It will be tremendous to fuck you while you give your husband a running commentary!"
"We'll do everything and anything!" I teased "Licking, fingering, toying and fucking my shaved pussy. Sucking and playing with my tits and maybe even let you fuck my ass as a grand finale!"
"And I can photograph and video the whole nasty, dirty and sordid even?" Neil questioned.
"Oh fuck yeah!" I emphasised "Getting fucked while James is unaware that a cock is providing me wonderful sexual gratification, hard cock flesh pounding in and out of me is what is giving me those delectable moans and groans, and to cap it all, it's being recorded, is a very sexy, horny, slutty and deliciously naughty way to cheat on your husband!"
"Fucking hell Suzi, there's pre cum oozing out of my cock right now you dirty slut!" Neil laughed.
"Keep it greasy for me. I do like to taste pre cum!" I giggled "Come over now and I'll put on some nasty slut lingerie and you start fucking me as soon as you get here!"
I hung up the phone and dashed in to my bedroom to select the sexy lingerie I would wear to cheat on my husband.
I'd just showered and massaged a good amount of coconut oil into my smooth curvy body, so my tanned flesh was glisteningly most provocatively. Removing my robe I rummaged through one of my lingerie drawers, pulling out a pair of black seamed fishnet stockings. As Neil was going to record our infidelity I opted for a pair of long length black silky opera gloves. A nice little erotic touch I thought. My period would be due in about ten days or so, which meant my breasts looked full and firm, so this helped my decision to opt for a braless look. I moved on to my second drawer and pulled out a wet look Waspie with four garter straps. I immediately donned the Waspie, pulling it in extra tight, enhancing my narrow waist and bringing all the attention to my huge firm breasts. Next I attached the stockings, ensuring the seams were straight, I'll admit to being a slut but looking untoward is not in my vocabulary. I looked out a pair of slut nightclub stilletoes with a small platform with a six inch spiked heel. These were a sandal effect with a very broad ankle strap, rather fetching but with a sleazy slut look to them. With only the gloves to slide up my arms I looked a hooker from a Bob Ward cartoon. It would be pointless to wear anything to cover my pussy, and the dark framing of the tight Waspie and the fishnet stockings proved to be a very erotic vision.I picked up my black see through robe, placed my arms through the sleeves and left the garment unfastened. My finished look was a male fantasy for sure as I know James has asked for this look on more than one occasion and I have adopted similar looks when James and I have been enjoying some of our extra marital fucking sessions.
I went downstairs to our little bar area where we always have our parties or bring guests in to relax. I poured a large Vodka and coke with a couple of ice cubes and lit a cigarette awaiting the arrival of Neil and his impressive cock, then ultimately the phone sex with James while Neil fucked all of my unfaithful holes, while I converse with my husband. Hopefully do all of this without my husbands knowledge.
I slugged the vodka and coke and began to pour a second when the doorbell interrupted my bar tender moment. My pussy began to tingle with excitement as my stomach flipped with sexual butterflies. Neil would be on my door step ready to enter my home then eventually me!
I went down stairs to our hallway to welcome Neil into our apartment for the first time without James being present. Our front door opens on to the Main Street so anyone passing would get a good eyeful as I opened the door to welcome Neil. I opened the door slowly, revealing my hallway and lingerie clad body. Neil was staring at my erotic ensemble with a huge grin on his face. A passer by walked straight past my door without noticing to state of dress and carried on walking.
This aroused me immensely at the possibly opportunity of a total stranger seeing me in my erotic lingerie, showing my large breasts and shaved pussy, about to be fucked wildly by a man who was not my husband.
"Fucking hell Suzi. I've never seen you wear stuff like this before!" Neil laughed as he stepped in to the hallway.
Closing the door behind him, I leant against the wall with one foot resting on the wall and my hands behind my back, thrusting my large firm breasts forward.
"I like to dress like a slut when I'm going to be a slut!" I smiled "Plus I think it will look special on camera!"
"I've brought mine along!" Neil smiled, showing me a Canon 700 D.
"Great stuff. We also have a camera set up in the bedroom linked to the TV so we can watch each other fucking!" I informed Neil as he pulled me close to him.
His lips grazed mine as our tongues softly explored each other's mouths. I'd fucked Neil in James presence a couple of times and I was always aroused by his soft lips, be it if they were kissing me, nibbling my nipples or tantalisingly sucking my clitoris. His tongue was also a thing of sexual beauty entwining with my own, or flicking my erect nipples but his area of expertise was when he would wriggle it between my labia, opening my pussy tenderly. His tongue was always delightful when he would rim my asshole, teasing my pink puckered ring with the tip of his tongue, sending electric tickling sensations deep in my asshole and pussy.
Of all of my out of wedlock permissible partners, Neil was by far the greatest lover and I'm pleased to say the possessor of a very exciting filth riddled imagination. His cock was the perfect length and girth for my pussy and asshole, which he'd used and abused to great effect on a few occasions. James actually got a little jealous at how much I responded to Neil and how much he made me cum, guaranteeing at least one squirting orgasm per session. I got an extra thrill at James' jealousy and would thrash against Neils cock deliberately making my husband squirm with envy while a better cock pleasured me better than he ever had. It is cruel but it's part of our lifestyle and is just as enjoyable for James.
"Let's go to the bedroom and you can make me your personal cheating whore in my marital bed!" I smiled.
We both walked up the stairs, Neil behind me, stroking my stockings and my soft naked flesh.
His fingertips lightly brushed my labia, sending sexual tingles through my excited pussy. I stopped halfway up the stairs, spread my legs a little wider and moaned as his fingertips enticed me.
"Oh fuck yeah!" I groaned.
Neil's fingertips teased my labia as his thumb slowly circled my pink puckered ring.
"Oh fuck I need that cock inside me!" I smiled, continuing to move up the stairs "I'll need to be nearby my phone as James will be calling soon! And that cock will be pounding my cunt when James calls!" I declared.
Neil just grinned as we continued up the stairs on our way to my bedroom. As I walked in to the bedroom, you could see the Camera was on a tripod and already linked to the flat screen TV on the bedroom wall. The blinds were half closed allowing small chinks of sunlight in to the bedroom. My phone was on one of the bedside tables with the other table occupied by a large purple rabbit vibrator and an oversized veined fake cock. The mirrored wardrobes opposite the main window, gave the room a larger appearance and a very erotic look. An exhibitionist can't think of anything more appropriate than watching themselves fucking, the ultimate act of exhibitionism.
Neil hit record on the video camera and removed my see through robe, guiding on to my bed. I stretched out and watched him remove his white shirt, Jeans, Shoes, socks and finally his skin tight Calvin Klein underwear. His impressive cock bobbed up and down as it was unleashed from his underwear. A tingle surged through my pussy as I bit my lip gently, staring at his smooth hard cock. His foreskin was back, revealing a shiny purple dome, glistening with pre cum. The musky smell of his pre cum made my nostrils flare as my sexual instincts kicked in to overdrive.
Neil climbed on to the bed, positioning himself between my legs, which I was opening wide, showing my shaved wet slit, glistening in anticipation of his cock sliding inside me. Holding his hard cock at the base he slowly ran the head up and down my slit, pushing the tip of his cock inside my hungry pussy.
"You like that don't you, you dirty cheating slut!" Neil said through clenched teeth.
I rocked my hips so my pussy was rubbing the head of his cock.
"I love cheating on my husband when the cock is this good!" I moaned.
"When James rings I'm going to fuck your ass and ram your vibrator deep in your shaved cunt!" Neil snarled, showing me all of his alpha male qualities.
I spread my black stockinged legs wide almost pushing my pussy on to Neil's rock hard cock. My waspie was shining in the strands of sunlight coming through the blinds. My opera gloved hands were stroking Neil's wide chest, as he slowly slid his huge cock between my labia, pushing deep inside my shaved pussy.
My chest heaved, pushing my firm large breasts upwards as his cock made it's first deep thrust. He leant over me and gave me one his earth shattering kisses. Lots of lip nibbling with just the right amount of tongue action. His cock began to thrust deeper and quicker, my legs wrapping around his waist as he began to provide me with my first penetrative orgasm of the day.
"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I pleaded "You're making me come like a slut!"
Neil continued to drive his impressive hard length in and out of my wet tight pussy, Kissing my ears and neck as he thrust his full length inside me.
"I wish James would hurry up and call. I want to stick my cock up your whore cheating asshole, and listen to you lie to your husband while you get ass-fucked like the slut that you are!" Neil growled, thrusting his cock forcefully into my tight unfaithful cunt.
"I want you to do that!" I implored "Treat me like a cheating slut!" I panted as my orgasm tore through me.
Timing is everything and the timing of what happened next is perfect. My phone began to ring informing me that James was on the line. I picked up the phone as Neil withdrew his cock and turned me over on to all fours. My ass was high in the air as Neil held his cock at my twitching asshole. I answered the phone, still panting from my orgasm.
"Hello James. I could wait for you and have just had a very naughty orgasm!" I said in a very husky sexy tone.
"Fucking sounds like it!" James laughed "I've got my cock out and its rock hard!"
"I'm going to put you on speaker phone as I'll need both hands!" I whispered softly.
"Both hands?" James enquired " Are you going to be fucking your ass?"
To play with his mind I said.
"I'm not going to fuck my ass, someone else will do that!" I teased, holding a finger at mouth to let Neil know to be extra quiet.
Placing the phone on speaker phone I whispered.
"The guy that's been fucking me, is just about to slide his big hard cock in my asshole!" I smiled turning my head back toward Neil, giving him the signal to fuck my ass.
His cock slid past my sphincter as he slowly fed his masterful length deep inside my asshole. I was moaning like a whore as Neil's perfect cock filled my ass.
"Oh babe this hard cock feels awesome in my ass!" I whispered. Either guy would think I was talking to them, such was my state of arousal.
"Fucking hell Suzi! You sound as though you have got a real life hard cock in your ass!" James said, with just a hint of nervous arousal in his voice.
Neil thrust deep in to my ass, causing me to catch my breath, then he spanked my ass. The spank was loud enough for James to hear.
"Fucking hell Suzi! You play this game very well!" James said, the squelching sound of his cock being jerked, evident in the background.
Neil spanked my ass once more, a stinging slap tingling my buttocks as the sensation pleasured me. His cock was stretching my asshole delightfully as it slipped in and out of my ass, causing me to pant passionately.
"Suzi I would swear someone was fucking you!" James stated reassuringly.
"Maybe someone is fucking my ass!" I retorted knowing this would amuse and excite him.
"I love it when you tease me!" James giggled unaware that Neil was fucking his wife up the ass.
"Oh my god I'm going to come! Fuck my ass and make me come!" I panted, encouraging Neil to drill my tightest hole and to encourage my masturbating husband to sexually relieve himself.
Neil slapped my ass once more, the stinging sensation pushing my orgasm over the edge as I thrust on to his hard cock, begging him to fuck me. I heard James make a snarling sound as he began to unleash his own orgasm.
I could hear every stroke James made, forcing his spunk out of his over aroused cock.
Neil placed his right hand underneath me until he reached my clitoris. My asshole and clitoris were now receiving lavish attention, prolonging my orgasm until I began to squirt. A squeal of delight left my mouth as a strong sensual urge flushed through my entire being.
"I'm coming! I'm coming!" I screamed as James listened to my intense orgasm, holding his spent cock.
Neil moved both hands to my firm large breasts, pulling me closer to him, impaling me on his cock as I felt the first twinge of his own orgasm. Once the seal was broken there was no stopping it. Spurt after powerful spurt of hot spicy spunk emptied in to my asshole, flooding my colon with the seed of my illicit lover.
Unbeknown to me, but Neil had taken a viagra and there was no way his rock hard cock was to be anything other than blue steel hard for the next few hours. Neil was still driving his cock in and out of my ass, with the added lubricant of his sexual unloading, the sound of sexual squelching was prominent.
"Suzi that's a lot of lube you've used!" James laughed over the phone, unaware that his darling wife was orgasming on his friends cock.
"It feels awesome James!" I purred "I like this phone sex stuff. I'm going to get fucked in every hole all afternoon the way a cheating unfaithful slut should!"
"Fucking hell Suzi, I love it when you play the slut for real. It would have been great to have someone there fucking you right now!" James said, his voice wobbling with arousal.
"Yes it would have been great to have someone like Neil come round and fuck me when you're not here!" I said, ensuring James would be aroused at the thought, but totally unaware of the reality "It would have been horny having Neil fuck my ass while you jerk off over the phone!"
"It does sound like fun babe. Some other time maybe. I'll hang up now and call you later this evening!" James replied, oblivious to the notion that his friends cock was ripping his wife a new asshole.
"OK babe I look forward to it. I think I'll give Neil a call to come round and fuck me. I'm wearing stockings after all and we know Neil does like to see me in lingerie!" I teased.
"You fucking dirty slut!" James laughed and hung up the phone.
Neil slid his cock deep inside my asshole as he squeezed my large breasts, twisting my nipples expertly, just enough to experience pleasure and pain. I moaned a long moan as Neil's rock hard cock and imaginative hands kept my state of arousal at fever pitch.
"You can take your cock out of my ass now and bring it round here while I lick you clean!" I smiled "We're going to have one filthy unfaithful afternoon!"