As I have said in prior stories, I am a nudist/exhibitionist. I love to be naked, exposed and go out of my way to find ways to show off my naked self. I love to show my cock to strangers. Realizing I could make money from my dirty hobby, I became a nude art model, one who revels in the exposure of my entire nude self to a room full of strangers all intent on staring at my totally naked body for hours.
This is a totally true story about a weekend I spent at Paradise Lakes Resort in Tampa Florida and the fun I had on the first day of the trip.
I was in my mid twenties, a strapping 190 lb blonde with wide shoulders, a flat stomach and the thighs of a bike racer. I was a tri-athlete, a swimmer, a runner and a bicyclist leaving me with pure muscle and a chiseled face having burned off any fat.
I'd started shaving my pubes, so my 8 inch cock was bare. Yet another big muscle in a package of fit, blonde, nude and tanned maleness.
I knew this of course, and felt empowered by the gifts that God gave me. I enjoyed the reaction that women had when I would strip off before them for the first time. Inevitably having to tell them that I was a nudist, hence the absence of tanlines or pubes. I enjoyed their reactions as they took in the view, their imaginations reeling at the thought of me naked in full display in front of other nude people.
At the time I was single in Atlanta, a city with 2.2 women for every man. I took full advantage since the the sex was everywhere and the options were endless.
I had a game I played where I wanted to have more conquests than the years. Meaning 1980 was 80 fucked girls, by this time it was 1996, so I had fucked 96 women, enjoying every thrust, every blowjob and every cum facial on 96 women. YAY ME.
I travelled for business, so I planned my trip that I would end up in Tampa on Friday, with another trip to Orlando on Monday. Logically that meant that returning to Atlanta was crazy, why not just relax in Florida for the weekend.
Perfect said the boss, and so the weekend begins.
Mid afternoon on Friday, I roll north to Lutz, the location of the resort and check in to Paradise Lakes.
I'm no stranger to nudity, quite the contrary, I'm VERY excited about spending my weekend naked in front of strangers. Showing off my cock with the hope of a few wild swinger sexual adventures, so once in my room, I strip and head for the pool.
I can see that the action by the pool is picking up by the number of guests that are setting up their pool chairs and towels. The usual. A guy on his phone, some reading books, others in sunglasses covertly staring at the flesh that surrounds them. A couple of obviously horny couples, laughing a bit too awkwardly, touching each other as a means of breaking boundaries.
As I set up my own towel and supplies, I can't help but overhear the guy on the phone telling his friend that "yea, I'm here, it's great. no, I'm nude too." you can practically hear the listener's face go slack in response.
I lay back in the lawn chair and begin to rub oil on my naked self all while eyebrows raise and glasses tip down for a better view by the naked couples and a single nude brunette girl about my age on the opposite side of the pool.
She's no ordinary brunette, I say to myself. A 5'8" stunner with brown hair pulled back into little corkscrews that fall in rivers over her shoulders and to the tops of her breasts. On her 35c breasts are pinkish brown nipples, each a little hardened by the breeze, the view around her, or the thoughts of being naked in front of strangers. She clearly doesn't care if people stare, so I take full advantage, scanning her from top to bottom. There's not anything that even remotely resembles a tan line, making me sure she's a regular nudist.
She's on her back, oversized sunglasses hiding her eyes, with one leg bent, hiding the hopefully shaved parts of her pussy from my lingering gaze.
Now as I said, I'm an exhibitionist so laying out naked is just the appetizer, not the entree for me. So I stand up, proceed to rub oil over my entire naked body in front of maybe 35 equally naked guests. I start by squeezing the bottle to pour oil on my chest. Rubbing it in to spread across by pecks and shoulders. Then my thighs, leaning slightly to permit both hands to spread the oils on the left then the right. My cock is growing slightly, not to a full erection, but enough to begin to obviously reveal the possibilities ahead.
My stomach is next, with a bit of oil that naturally drips down to my swelling erection. I spread the oil on my abs, lower and lower till I'm now rubbing oil on my cock and balls. I'm loving my unabashedly bad behavior, winking at the MILF on my left who's all but burning holes in me behind her mirrored sunglasses.
Now covered in oil, I strut my self across the pool, my bald cock swinging with no hint of subtlety back and forth, the twins below bouncing in their shaven oily glory.
There's a tiki bar of sorts poolside that I walk up to to talk to the attendant.
Nice enough latino guy in a flowered tropical shirt. I say "Hey".
"Hey yourself, how can I help you?" he replies
There's a magazine rack next to the shack, that I gaze through, pretending to look for something to read.
Bike riding has made my ass rock hard, something that I'd never really thought much about till I was told by one of my girlfriends how much she loved it.
So as I stand there I bend over a bit making my ass flex and harden as a simple show for anyone watching.
Turning back to the attendant, I ask him, "Hey, what's the story on the brunette over there. Do you know her"?
"Who?" he replies quizzically.
"Other side of the pool, on the right. Her" was my response.
"Oh... That's Kim, great girl."
"know anything about her? does she live here?" i continue.
"Don't know, I do know she's a party girl though"
Music to my ears. A nudist party girl on a weekender. Perfect.
I buy a nude lifestyle book. God knows why. His response was perfect. "Dude, you're naked. They're naked. Who needs a book?"
Laughing I realize the humor in it, and instead buy a newspaper to read. Back to my towel I walk savoring the afternoon in the sun and in the nude.
It's now about 4:30 or so, and the weekend guests are now filling the pool areas, the music has been turned up (reggae naturally) and the happy hour has kicked off.
Looking up from my newspaper every so often, I keep checking out Kim. She's really quite pretty, in a not so "I know I'm hot" sort of way. Absolutely unashamed and with a quick smile for anyone, it's clear that she's a regular.
She gets up from her chair and walks to the edge of the pool in the deep end. Once blocked by her folded legs, I can now see her pussy. Totally shaven leaving zero hair to hide a set of pouty pussy lips and a larger than average clit. My heart skips a beat in awe of all she has to offer. Full confession, I love pussies that have exposed labia, not just the tidy little girl bits but the kind that look like an overstuffed ham sandwich, with the extra parts hanging out.
It's much more fun to see my cock engulfed in a pussy when there's more lips smiling back. Yummmmm.
She slips into the pool, tips her hair back and slips under the water. Rising up from the water she's got her back to the pool wall, and her hands stretched out to her sides to hold herself shoulder deep, bobbing slowly up and down.
I'm about 60 feet away in my chair, thinking of how I get into her pants, if she had been wearing any. Mr. Happy below thickens as if to say, "Introduce me, introduce me!"
Not wanting to seem too anxious, I stand up, walk to the opposite end of the pool to jump in and swim some laps.
In I go, just doing a regular breast stroke, laughing to myself at the irony of a breast stroke in a nude pool. I'm a triathlete, so swimming is easy for me, as I make my way over to her side of the pool, I slow to a little crawl and come up beside her maybe 6 feet away.
I say, "I didn't want to splash you or bump into you while I had my head in the water. I can't really see in the water without swim goggles, but when packing for the trip, Naturally I didnt' bring a swim suit or anything really, so the goggles got left behind."
Smooth talker, right?
"No biggie." she says. Just wait, you may get to see just how big it gets I think to myself.
"Gotta love this place. Right? Nice pool, good music. Friendly people. My kind of escape. Plus you get to be naked!" I continue.
"I've been coming here for about a year. I love the parties." which I later found out was code for "I fuck everybody."
"I've been here a few times, first time I'm here single though." I reply. "I've been to Hedonism resort three times, and this place is a close second, except not as wild."
"That depends on who's throwing the party." she declares.
"Well now, I'd agree to that" I say smiling. And with a wink, "I've been to a few wild ones myself."
"You don't know anybody here? I'm sure you could get an invite. You're good looking, charming, fit and funny. You'd be very popular if you know what I mean." she says smiling, her eyes really are pretty, blue against the brown of her hair.
"Look who's talking, I can't deny that you caught my eye. And Manolo over there told me you were a nice girl. So naturally I had to meet you." We continue to chat, me telling her a couple jokes about Hedonism and some of the stupid lines I heard guys say when trying to chat up naked women.
"I have found that the best way to meet a girl, naked or not, is just to say hi. Then let the cards fall where they may." is my response.
"I'm going to the bar, want a drink?" I ask.
"Not really, I have to go to work later, and don't want to drive tipsy" she replies.
"Then maybe you would like to smoke a joint." I offer.
"THAT I will do. Sure!" is her answer.
Perfect. We both get up, and I reply "My hotel room is around the way, let's leave our stuff here, so we don't lose our chairs."
"Good idea." she agrees.
So up and out of the pool we step, her taking her towel with her to sit on, both of us totally naked, and now I'm sporting a bit of a chubby in anticipation of having her one on one, thinking of the possibilities ahead.
"So, going to work huh, what do you do?" I ask.
"I'm a nude dancer at 2001 Odyssey over in Tampa" is her response.
"Stripper then, so that explains why you're so comfortable in your own skin."
"Yea, I spend most of my days and nights either nude here, nude at home or nude at work. I'm really an exhibitionist I guess, but the money is good, and I enjoy it, so what the fuck."
"And then you have your parties here to let loose. I guess."
"Yea, I really like the parties. They let me do pretty much anything I want."
As we walk along, my imagination kicks in to high gear. I slow my walk so I can watch her ass as she struts it from side to side. No shoes, no rings, no earrings, she's totally nude, totally shaved, a golden tan from head to toe, and apparently a total cumslut. Oh my God! This is going to be awesome!
Key in the door, we walk in to the room. She drops her things in a chair by the door and hops on the bed, her boobs bouncing. She glides back on the bed, and raises her legs to cross them Indian style, her bald pussy in plain view with her pussy lips separated slightly as I take in the view she's offering.
"Love the view" I say. "My pleasure." she chuckles. We both laugh.
Finding my weed and pipe, I pack a bit into it, fire up the lighter and offer her the first toke.
"I'm fine" she says.
"You mean you don't want any?"
"Nope, I just wanted to hook up with you." Again code for I want to fuck.
"Uhh, Ok..."
"Tell me about the parties you've been to then," As I spark up the pipe.
"Mostly just couples, with me as the unicorn." she's running her hands up and down her legs slowly as she tells me.
"But sometimes it's just me and some guys. I really like those. All guys and me. Wild and naked, being taken over and over from both ends. It's so naughty, I love, love, love it."
With that, my cock is now fully erect, picturing her being spit roasted between a room full of guys, cum flying, everyone moaning, her face covered in cum. Being every bit of the cumslut party girl I'd imagined her to be.
"I can just imagine. Sounds like my kind of party. Invite me next time." I wink.
"Here's your invitation." She then leans back, spreading her legs wide, lifting her feet in the air. She reaches around her ass to pull her pussy wide open. She's got a lusty smile on her face but all I can think of is I think I am in love. Before me is the gaping shaven hole of a lusty naked stranger, her cunt wet and waiting for me, a wanton sex resort for me to enjoy. My hand now uncontrollably starts stroking my raging hard on as she brazenly plays with her clit for my enjoyment.
My eyes are lasers focused on her naked flesh, she's a freak. She knows it, and she isn't hiding it.
None of the pretension that nude is not sexual, none of the bullshit that "nudists" spew. This chick loves to be a naked slut, and knows what to do about it.
She asks, "How do I look? I really wish I could do this by the pool. I'd love to rub one out in public. Cumming in public while tight assed "nudists" freak out would be a rush."
"Oh, yeah, that would be a hit. No doubt in my mind. I jack myself off in public all the time at the beach near me. I love it. It was on my "bucket list" forever, but not anymore."
"Most. Fun. EVER." I declare, now unashamedly giving her a jack off show, my cock and balls "wap, wap, wap" as she stares at me.
She smiles wickedly, sliding to the edge of the bed, her legs hanging off, her breasts inches from my cock, a bit of sweat on them, the smell of her sex fills the room.
"You have an awesome body, and I'd be lying if I didn't say I'd love to eat your pussy."
"I'm fine" she responds, and grabs my ass with both hands pulling me to her mouth.
There's no "let's start slow" as she takes my engorged cock in her mouth. Down she goes, her right hand pumping my cock in her mouth, and her left hand playing with her clit.
I love it when a woman sucks my cock, to be sure, but Kim had championship skills. She'd take it down, and then stick out her tongue to lick my balls, all without taking my cock out of her mouth. Simply amazing.
I'm in heaven, having met a naked cum slut less than 45 minutes after I arrived. I've stroked my cock in public with a couple dozen people watching. Hooked up with Kim while both of us were nude, a nude dancer, a swinging cumslut with a shaved pouty pussy and big tits who loves to suck cock.
I think to my self, shit, she doesn't even know my name. She's never seen me with clothes. There's no "getting to know you". It's all about sex and getting off. So here she is with her mouth balls deep on my cock, moaning from the joy of it filling her face. I put my hands on my ass and push forward into her, hitting the back of her throat with my cock.
Back and forth, drool gushing out of her mouth, her eyes watering, I pull out of her mouth, grabbing my cock, and jerk off in front of her while she diddles her cunt.
"Oh yea, that's so hot" she moans. I widen my stance so that my balls can bounce freely from my strokes. Stepping forward, I pull her head to me. She opens her mouth to continue sucking, but instead, I rub my cock all over her face slowly, as if to massage it with my man sex.
She's in heaven, eyes closed, she moans as my cock smears the spit all over her face. Precum now leaking I rub, my cock on her cheek to mark my slut with my cum.
"You're a bad boy. Rub your big cock on my face. Rub it, Rub it on my face. Mmmmmmm. Give me that big cock, I need it... " and she goes back to work now with even more passion.
"guh, guh, guh, guh..." come from her voice as she nearly impales her face on my 8 inches.
I try not to cum, but she'll have none of that. "guh, guh, guh, guh..."
"I don't want to cum yet" momentarily stopping she looks up at me and says, "too bad"
"guh, guh, guh, guh..."
"Then I want to cum on your face" and I pull out. She tilts her head back, tongue out, and begs. "Do it! Give me all your cum. I'm your slut and I want you to shoot that cum on my pretty face."
And I let go.
I missed her face with the first stream, splashing a gusher on her tits and chest. Rope after rope of cum are released from my balls, as I love every moment of my unashamed exhibitionistic display. Jerking off while someone watches is one of my favorite things on earth, but doing it on a girl's FACE is a WHOLE other level of fun.
My final spurt covers her from her eyes to her cheek and chin, sealing her eye shut.
From cum covered eyes, she looks up at me, pointing to her face and says "Nice work". Scraping the load from her cheeks with her fingers, she then sucks her fingers to slurp up my jizz.
"Now what?" I ask.
"Well sir, you're not going anywhere yet. I've got some more work to do." is the reply, and she goes back to work on my cock. This time a bit slower, but since I haven't yet softened, I'm ready to "assist".
It's clear to me, she's a cumslut. Totally, completely and utterly a fuck toy for anyone at the resort.
But hey, who am I to judge. I came here with the goal of showing off my cock to strangers. Fucking and cumming my way though the weekend. And that's exactly what I'm doing. And in front of me, with about 5 of my 8 inches down her throat is a naked, shaved cumslut with my cum all over her face and tits going down on me for round two.
This weekend is off to a great start.
Gotta love it when a plan comes through.
This time I'm not so worried about cumming too soon, so I stand there watching the "show".
She's not just sucking my cock, she's practically worshipping it. Licking from tip to balls, savoring the smell and taste.
Sucking my balls, she jacks me off with her hand, looking right at me, my balls in her mouth, winking. She's done this a few times I think.
I have a little kink that I love when getting a blowjob. I put my cock in her mouth and make the girl squeeze my balls, all while jacking off while she sucks me. It's a dirty hobby that really, really is a fun trick.
She's totally into it, her head bobbing back and forth while I jerk off in her mouth, it puts me into a state of pleasure that I just can't describe, but trust me, try it and you'll see.
I pull my cock out and jack off some more as she diddles her clit, saying, "Fun huh."
"Nasty boy" she replies, her fingers a blur in and out of her twat. The sound a sloppy symphony.
Replaying my filthy rub on her face, she grabs my cock with both hands and rubs it on her face, eyes closed moaning. Back and forth, back and forth, covering her face in precum. "mmmmmm, cock." she's in ecstasy.
Down she goes, slowly inch by inch as she tries to deepthroat me. Then, almost there, she holds my cock deep in her mouth, sticks out her tongue and begins to lick my ball sac, all the while moaning a deep sexy "i love this" kind of sound.
Pulling my cock from her mouth, she looks up at me and asks. "Can you cum again?"
"Hell yea, suck me off. Make me cum, Make me cum on your face."
"Nope, this time I want you to come in my mouth, I want to eat all that delicious cum."
Seems like a fair deal, I think laughing.
By this time I think she's spent more time with my cock in her mouth that we've spent talking. If only more of my girlfriends were like this.
She's now pumping my cock with her right hand and squeezing my balls with her left, head bouncing up and down.
"guh, guh, guh, guh..."
"Oh shit! I'm gonna cum!" I declare.
"guh, guh, guh, guh..."
"Give it to me, let me eat your cum."
"guh, guh, guh, guh..."
"Here it comes!" If anyone by the pool hears me I don't give a fuck. This is a helluva blowjob, and I love it.
Her mouth wraps tightly around my cock, and I unload in her mouth.
"mmmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm" she's in heaven.
"gaaahhhhhh" I scream.
She opens her mouth to show her prize, and one more stream of cum erupts from my cock on to her upper lip and tongue. My load is not as big as before, but still quite a bit of cum that she's rolling around in her mouth before making a big show of swallowing it.
"You've got talent, there dude" she laughs.
"Look who's talking, now you've got two loads of cum on your face".
"Let's make it three. wanna go again"?
"Only if I can fuck you."
"Can't. I'm dancing naked all night, can't have my kitty looking like she's been over worked".
"Hadn't thought of that." I chuckle. "Well then, I'm ready if you're ready" I say stroking my cock in front of her.
"Keep doing that. you bad boy".
I increase my rhythm.
"I love to jack off while being watched. I'd do this all day if I could. especially if I had an audience." I tell her. "The way I see it, is I'll do whatever makes a woman happy."
Shaking her head in agreement, she offers "Thats why I became a nude dancer. I figured, what the fuck, I like being a slut, I like being nude. And I like people watching me. Might as well get paid for it."
"I hadn't thought of it that way, maybe I should become a model myself."
"You've got the bod and the cock for it mister."
"I've got an idea, let's make a memory."
"I'd love to take some pictures of you sucking my cock. Whattya think. I think that'd be incredible."
"Go for it. I've done porn before, It's fun." She's a a cum covered slut playfully now willing to let a total stranger take pictures of her naked with my cock in her mouth.
"God bless America and digital cameras." is my reaction.
My mind wanders as I picture the scene, me, totally nude jacking off in front of an audience, her posing for my camera while she's sucking me off. I can't believe my luck.
"How about this"? as she goes balls deep on my dick, facing forward her hands making the V for victory. I grab my camera, and click away. Up. Down. She poses with my cock, licking it, sucking my balls, deepthroating with her tongue licking. Each a pornographic moment in time, captured by my Nikon. She stops, then pulls my cock in front of her mouth. Then she acts like it's a microphone saying "On behalf of everyone, I'd like to thank the Academy, and all the crew..." Hilarious. A cumslut with a sense of humor, what a riot.
"Go back to that spread thing you did before. I want a picture of that to remember you by"
"You mean me spreading my pussy? No problemo. Let me lie down."
Lying back down on the bed, she again spreads her legs, opens up her pussy with both hands revealing a dripping twat that she instantly sticks three fingers into. All the while looking right at me with a big, "I'm being a bad girl" look".
"How about this?" She asks, the heightened blood flow to my cock has my head in a bit of a daze, but somehow I manage to focus the camera on her and her brazen display.
"Awesome. Let me get a close up". I lean over, adjusting the lens. "Perfect" "Kim's Quim is now on record." My hand returns to stroking my hard on while checking out the pictures on the camera screen.
"Enough talking, let me suck that thing some more. I don't have much time before I have to leave for work and I'd like some more memories of your cock in my mouth and your cum on my face while I'm dancing nude tonite."
And with that comes round three. I open my eyes from my masturbatory bliss.
Smiling, I look down again as she's got her right hand on her clit, feverishly rubbing while her left hand is three fingers deep in her slit, pussy lips covered in girl goo. Her head bobbing up and down like she's trying to impale her face on my 8 inch throbber. I can't believe it, even with this much effort, there's no teeth, not a single gag, just back to back powerhouse cock sucking by a naked stranger for the third time this afternoon.
It's going to be hard to top this I think. And in truth, even though I've been sucked off by dozens of women, this memory is seared in my brain years later as a "best of" moment in my sexual history.
This time I'm not going to hold back, as I announce my orgasm. She stops rubbing her clit, and instead wraps her hand around my balls, and the other starts jerking me off while she teases me saying, "You're a dirty boy, letting a cumslut like me suck you off. You like a total stranger sucking your cock? You like showing off your cock and cumming on me? Are you going to cum on me? Cum on me, empty your balls all over me. Empty those balls on me!"
And with that, I cry out, "Yes! I am a naked fuck toy. I'm cumming!" and I unload on her tits while she coohs in victory.
One more little squirt as she milks every last drop of my sperm from me in her mouth. "mmmmmmmmmm, so much cum. I love it." A little spasm sweeps over her as she says it. "yummmm."
"Okay" she suddenly declares, "I gotta go to work. Thanks for the cum, I'll wear it home."
"You don't need a towel or a hand cloth to wipe up?"
"Naahhh, I worked for this cum, I'll keep it as a momento." giggling.
And with that she grabs her towel, I grab the key and we both walk out naked into the pool area, my balls now hanging lower and emptier than I've ever remembered.
I look over at Kim and she's covered in cum on her face and tits. It looks a little like a bottle of suntan lotion has exploded on her. Her head high, I see a couple strings of cum, glistening in the afternoon sun like spider webs from her cheeks to her chest.
With a shit eating grin on my face, I know that anyone that sees us together knows full well what had just happened. I've now officially joined the club of regulars that have had sex with Kim. And now, as we walk back to the pool, everyone will see the jets of my cum on her tits and face.
Looking at me I get a couple thumbs up from some guys around the pool, no doubt having been on the receiving end of her mouth or pussy themselves at some point.
"By the way, my name is.." She puts her hand over my mouth and silences me.
"Stop, don't tell me, it's much nastier if I don't know anything about you, except I sucked your cock, and I've got your cum in my belly and on my face. The guys I dance for tonite will love it don't you think?"
Whatever makes a girl happy.