Over the next two weeks there was no word from Tom. Again, I began to think that maybe it was over. Only this time I had mixed feelings about the possibility of it being over. Maybe I liked some aspects of the things Tom had me do or expected me to do. Then it came.
There was a note on my door. Tomorrow night (a Thursday night) a big basketball game is to be televised. Tom wants me to join him and three friends in watching the game. I had to be at Tom's house at 7:30PM. That would take some effort on my part to get there by that time but I could do it. I did not want a repeat of last time where I tried to get out of it. The last part of the note was the intriguing part for me, "Dress to impress".
I decided that I would indeed, dress to impress. I remember how I felt at the beach when those men were looking at me in the modest bikini. I wanted that feeling again. I have very nice legs (especially my upper thighs) and when put into a push up bra, I have nice breast. So tomorrow evening I will put on a V neck sweater over a tight bra, with a slightly loose fitting mid-thigh length skirt and flat shoes (at 5'9" I did not want to take the chance that with heels I would be taller than one of Tom male friends). That outfit had the advantage of exposing a good portion of my breast and when seated, the skirt would come up rather high showing a lot of leg and just covering my crotch area. I decided to wear the bottom from the triangle bikini so that if one was seated across from me and I didn't close my legs that person would be able to see the thong bikini bottom. I made a mental note that tomorrow I needed to buy some skimpy tong panties and some sexy bras for future events.
So, the next evening, there I was on Tom's porch at 7:29PM wearing a light knit thigh length coat over my outfit. I wanted to see the look on the face of the men as I removed that coat showing them my attire. Just as I knocked on the door I hear a voice behind me, saying, "Good evening." I turned and ended up face to face with this strikingly handsome man, who as he was extending his hand to shake mine, introduced himself. His name was Toby. Suppressing my pleasure at meeting such a handsome man, I took his hand and introduce myself. Just then the door opened and Tom greeted us. As we entered, he indicated that we were the last to arrive as Al and Ralph were already here.
Tom had arranged the two couches in his living room into a V shape formation with the larger couch that sat 3 on the left and a smaller couch that held 2 people on the right. Toby joined Al and Ralph on the larger couch while Tom and I took the smaller couch with me at the far end. Before I sat down I ask Tom to take my coat. All four men looked at me as I removed the coat. I enjoyed the expressions on their faces as they appreciated how I looked in my outfit.
The game started a minute or two after we were all seated. With the couch, on which Tom and I sat, being short in length, Tom and I were forced to be seated close together as we watched the game. It was a good game and we all got into it. After a while, I made a conscious decision, I open my legs slight so that my leg touched Tom's leg. This had two consequences, it was my first time initiating physical contact with Tom and it gave the three men sitting across from me a peek at the treasure that reside between my legs (that was new for me, thinking of my pussy as a treasure for a man). Tom noticed the contact between our legs and made it firmer by moving his leg closer to mine. I liked that.
At the end of the first period, Tom asked if anyone would care for some refreshment. Before he could get up and go into the kitchen I said, "Tom let me get the refreshments." Tom said that that would be nice of me to do so. So, I got up and went into the kitchen to get the refreshments. I felt this strange urge to please Tom. Weird!
After serving everyone, I sat back down on the couch, snuggling up to Tom. He very calmly put his arm around my shoulder. Sensing no resistance from me, Tom edged his hand from my shoulder toward my breast where he gently stroked the outside of my breast. I responded by moving my body more into his body, giving him greater access to my breast. A little later, I saw that the guys noticed what Tom was doing. At that point, we resumed watching the exciting game.
Just before the half time intermission was over, I offered to refill everyone's drinking and to bring in more snacks. While in the kitchen, I couldn't resist, I removed the triangular bikini bottom placing it in one of the cabinets. Again, after serving everyone I returned to my place at Tom side, making sure to be in close to his chest and to lay my head on his chest. That move did have the side effect of making my skirt ride up high on my legs. As I became more relaxed from Tom stroking me, I relaxed my legs which allowed them to separate some more. That gave the guys a view of up between my legs, which from the looks on their faces indicated they liked what they saw.
After the game ended, Tom and I walked the guys to the door and thank them for coming tonight to share this evening with us. They all said the pleasure was theirs and that they would gladly join us for the next big game.
After the door closed, Tom took me by my shoulders and gave me a very tender hug. Looking me in the eyes Tom asked, "What happen to your bikini bottom?"
I responded that I put it in a safe place in the kitchen. I then got my coat, gave Tom a kiss on the cheek, and said to him, "If you find the bikini bottom before the next big game, I might show your guest even more of me and if I do, you can, in front of your guest, play with the parts of me that are showing." Tom's face lit up.
Tom stayed on his porch and watched me until I entered my front door. I liked this evening!
It had been at least two weeks (almost three months into my one year sentence) since the night of the big basketball game. Tom had not requested my presence during that time. I began to miss being with him and being put into those exhibition situations. Then I received a text from him. He requested that I join him at his home tomorrow night (Friday) at 9:00PM to watch a movie classic, Sargent York. The note had a PS: "Still have not found the bikini bottom. Dress to be comfortable."
I decided that I would indeed dress comfortably.
So, there I was at 8:59PM knocking on his door. A minute later, Tom opened the door and welcomed me into his home. As he ushered me into the living room, I noticed that he had placed the small couch and a coffee table directly in line with his TV. He removed my light knit thigh length coat and then stopped in his tracks looking me over. I did a twirl so he could see my entire outfit, which consisted of a pair of flat shoes and the top of the triangle bikini. Getting control of himself, Tom held my hand and sat me down on the couch. Bring a good host, Tom asked me what I wanted to drink. Shortly, Tom returned from the kitchen with our drinks and then sat on the couch next to me.
A minute into the movie, I moved up against Tom leaning my head into his chest. He put his arm around my shoulder and pulled me tighter into his body. I felt warm, comfortable, and safe in his embrace. Ten minutes into the movie, Tom began fondling my breast. Half an hour into the movie Tom hands were roaming over my upper thigh with an occasional detour to stroke my pussy lips. After that, I removed the bikini top and just lay back as he explored my entire body (even the backside during the times where I watched the movie lying on my stomach across his legs). It was like a kid examining his new toy (which I guess I had become). I did not touch Tom sexually and we did not have sex. Sex was not the purpose of tonight. The purpose was for Tom to become familiar with my body and for me to show him that I was beginning to understand what he wanted and needed from me.
After the movie ended, I got up from the couch and put my bikini top back on. Tom went and got my coat, put it on me and button all the coat buttons. At the door, I turned to Tom and kissed him gently on his lips, something we both enjoyed.
As I got to the bottom of the porch, Tom said, "Jill look in the coat's right pocket."
I did and found the bikini bottom. Tom watched me until I entered my house. Once inside, I raced up stairs to my bedroom, removed the coat and bikini top, pulled back the bed covers, and got into bed on my back. I spread my legs and using my hands brought myself to powerful organism.
After recovering from pleasuring myself, I looked over at the clock. It had been 24 minutes since I came back home. I picked up my cell phone and text Tom, "3 minutes after your response with an acknowledgement of this text, open your front door." One minute late I received Tom's acknowledgement. I got out of bed, pick up my house keys and walked out of my house straight over to Tom's house. Walking in full stride as I got to the middle of his porch, Tom open the door and I walked right in passed him. Tom closed the door and turned to face me. I jump up placing my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. I then planted the first real kiss between us on his lips. Releasing my hold on Tom and stepping back a way, I notice that Tom was wearing only his pajamas bottoms which I pulled down and had him step out of. I went down to my knees and place his penis in my mouth. This was a new experience for me because I had never in my life initiated sex with anyone, man or woman.
Eventually we ended up in Tom's bed where we repeatedly had sex until the sun came up in the morning. Being too exhausted to move, I went to sleep. I woke up alone in Tom's bed around 7:00PM that night, physically sore and tired, sexually satisfied (for the first time since my honeymoon) with a feeling of emotional liberation. I had dried cum on my face, breast and all over my pussy. I even had a slight trace of cum leaking from my pussy.
I walked downstairs to the living room where I found Tom dressed and reading a book. I said hello to Tom. He put the book down and said, "With as much energy as you expended and as many times as you came, your body needs food and drink. Stay here and watch TV while I prepare you a well-earned meal." He went into the kitchen and 15 minutes later came out with a tray of food and drink for me. He was right; I ate and drank everything he had prepared for me.
Afterwards, I cuddle up with Tom on the sofa as we watched TV until 11:00PM. At that point, I decided that I need to go home. We did find my keys by the front door. Since I was naked and covered in cum, Tom walked me over to my house. I open the door and turned and gave Tom the sexist kiss I was capable of as he was stroking my pussy. His hand ended up covered in his cum. Saying good night, I closed the door and went straight to my bed. I did not clean myself until I awoke the next morning (Sunday).
I spent Sunday relaxing and trying to physical recover from that extensive sexual activity. Since I was relaxing it gave me time to analyze what really happened Friday night into early Saturday morning in Tom's bed. Was I falling in love with Tom or in love with wild risqué uninhibited sex? I was beginning to really like Tom, but not love him. What I realize is that I liked what he wanted me to do for him. Thinking back to the beach and to the evening of watching the basketball game with Tom's friends, I realized that what excited me was how these men reacted to me and to what I was doing/showing them. That did not mean that I wanted or had to have sex with all of them. That is still something that I want to be selective about. I could have sex with a man if there was some attraction between us but I could also do sexual things with a group of men if the mood struck me. That latter thing is something I now want to explore/experience. I realize that I could use Tom's need for me to do submissive and sexual things for him to set up events for myself to experience sexual things with a group of men, specially, his friends. That would allow some control over the events through Tom. I am sure he would not allow anyone to take advantage or to abuse me in that type of setting.
I like the conclusions that I came to that Sunday night. I also became aware of my lack of knowledge about being submissive sexually or otherwise. I needed information. Where better way to get the type of information that I now thirst for than on the internet! I spent every spare hour during the week read articles about the submissive life style. At the end of the week (a week in which my pussy was in a constant state of wetness), I felt I had a strong basic understand of that life style. I was loaded with ideas many of which I plan to put into actions. Of course, these actions needed to be accompanied with certain items which I purchased from various on-line web sites. I anxiously awaited Tom's next request for my presence.
Three days later, on a Monday, I received a text from Tom. He requested that I join him for an evening of dinner and watching a movie on his TV. The text ended with that familiar statement, "Dress for comfort".
My attire for the evening consisted of white button up shirt, an ankle length smooth skirt with slits up both sides that end about two inches above my waist, a pair of flats on my feet and my now familiar coat.
I had a smile on my face (a first for my visits to Tom's house) when Tom opened his front door. I walked in and turned around to face Tom as he closed the door. I removed my coat holding it in my hand as I spun around so Tom could get a look at my outfit. He had a look of approval on his face. Taking an object from a pocket in my coat, I handed it to Tom. He smiled and told me to turn around. Tom then placed the object, a very elegant collar, snugly around my neck and attached its leash to it. As Tom was placing the collar on my neck, I entirely unbuttoned the shirt and pull the tail of the shirt out from under the waist of the skirt thus exposing the middle of my chest from my neck to the top of the skirt.
Tugging me forward by the leash, Tom led me over to the couch. He sat down with me standing in between his legs. He twisted the skirt around my waist until the slits were in the middle of my front and back. That left my pussy and ass exposed. I liked that arrangement and made a mental note to myself to wear it that way from now. Pulling the leash down forcing me to bend at the waist, Tom removed the leash allowing me to stand upright again. He then reached out and stroked my pussy lips while telling me to go into the kitchen and to bring the refreshments out.
After I returned and placed the refreshments on the coffee table, Tom had me return to the couch where He reattached the leash to the collar keeping the end of the leash in his hand (where it stayed there throughout the movie). He then had me sit down on my butt on the rug between his legs with my back against the couch. He turned on the TV and we started watching the movie. As I sat there, I felt like I was in my place, at the feet of the man that I wanted to give this act of servitude to.
Every so often during the movie, Tom would pause the video and have me standup facing him. He would then grope either my breast and nipples or stroke or my pussy or inserting his fingers in there. Other times, I would have my back to him and he would alternate between feeling my ass cheeks and slapping them. All of that felt good and each time it would bring me closer and closer to an organism.
When the movie ended, Tom finger fucked me into a tremendous organism which caused me to collapse onto the rug. I laid there with my shirt open, the skirt up around my waist and the leash to the collar still in Tom's hand. Probably fifteen minutes later, my strength returned. I stood up, removed the shirt and skirt and dropped to my knees in between Tom's legs. I unzipped his pants and brought out his hard penis. I made love to that penis until it exploded in my mouth. Opening my mouth and showing Tom his cum, I swallow it all. I then place my head on his leg and stayed there until it was time to go home.
After rearranging my clothes, Tom led me by the leash to my front door. We kissed and I went inside ending another satisfying time with Tom that included expanding my horizon into the world of exhibition and submissiveness. This left me with a strong desire for more!
At work the next day, I received a text from Tom requesting my presence Friday night to watch another big basketball game with the same group of friends that attended the first basketball game. For the first time, I responded to one of his texts; "Tom as you have requested, I will be at the game on Friday. On Wednesday night at 8:00PM would you honor me with a visit to my house?"
It took a while before Tom replied; "Yes, I will come to your house on Wednesday night."
I wanted him to visit me first since I wanted to up my subservience to him and prepare him for what I plan to let his friends do to me. In the right situation, I want to experience men, not just one man. Friday night would be the right situation if Tom agreed (remember, I needed his protection).
At 8:00PM on Wednesday night there was a knock on my front door. I called out to Tom to come in. As he came through and closed the door behind him, what was displayed before him was me sideways on all fours with my head to the floor, my tits hanging downward, and my ass sticking up in the air. My body was nude except for the collar and leash and a note scotch tape to my rib cage facing him. Tom step forward and removed the note which read, "Tom over the last several months I have honored our agreement. I have done all that you have requested of me in a manner that, at times, required a lot of initiative on my part to comply with what I thought you wanted. Doing these things has changed me into a more sexual woman. But they have left me wanting more. I now need for you to take charge, to lead me into exploring the full potential of this new sexual freedom. Lead me into devoting this last half year to be totally submissive and subservient in every way to you. Lead me into doing all the things that she did for you. Start this Friday evening. I will hold back nothing, ask anything of me and I will eagerly do it."
After reading the note, Tom reached down and pick up the leash and told me, "Jill follow me into your living room. Stay on all fours and walk that way." Slapping my ass, we went into the living room. Tom sat on the couch and had me sit on my knees between his legs facing him. Tom then told me the following "One of the things that she did for me (on her own initiative) was whenever I was seated; she would get between my legs like you are now and ask me if she could suck me off. She would do this whether we had company or not. It would not bother our company because she would be dressed like you are now. To please me, if I told her to go sit with one of our guest, she would crawl on all fours over to that person and sit beside them. They were free to play with her body anywhere except her anus. She was very into public nudity and we had many adventures of exposing her to people. She was into bondage and modest BDSM. The greatest thing that she would do, if I requested it, is to be the center of a gangbang and bukkake. These are the things she did for me. Is this what you want me to lead you into?"
That was a lot to take in. I started to say no to one of the items he listed, but this new desire within me aspiring me to explore the limits of my sexuality, would not allow me to say no to anything. Therefore, my answer to Tom was, "Yes, lead me."
"Ok, we will start this Friday evenings. I will not tell you ahead of time how far we will go. You will just have to follow my lead. When you are on all fours and I say "Heel" I want you to kneel with your legs under you and your back straight, looking straight ahead. By the way, the three men this Friday all knew her and her ways."
With that said, Tom pulled me by the leash up to him on the couch. He had me lay with my back onto his body. He held me that way for over an hour, during which he gently touched me all over my body (including my anus). At the end of the hour, He got up and leading me on all fours by the leash, he had me show him around my house. When we entered my bed room, Tom immediately notice the picture above my bed.
"Jill, you do not have to agree with what I am going to ask you. But it would please me if you did so. Would you give me an exact copy of that picture of you above your bed"? I promise you that no copies of it will be made. It will be for my personal use and in conjunction with the sexual things/events that you have expressed an interest in experiencing."
I thought long and hard before answering him. My decision came down to, do I trust Tom to keep his promise about the use of the picture. Since I already trust Tom to protect me, I must trust that he will keep his word about the picture.
"Tom, you will have a copy this Friday night".
After that, Tom lead me to my front door. Leaving me on all fours, he opened the door and left.
At work on that Friday of the basketball game, Tom texted the following, "Jill I want you to arrive to my house at 8:20PM. You are to wear, under that coat, the white button up shirt completely unbuttoned with the tails outside of your skirt, the smooth skirt with slits in front and back, and a pair of three-inch heels. Have the collar and leash on."
Friday night at 8:19PM, I knocked on Tom's door. He opened it and let me in. I handed him a package which contain his copy of my picture which he placed inside of the coat closet. Taking the leash, he led me into the living room pass his guest, stopping right in front of the TV.
As he removed my coat and I took off my heels, he whispered in my ear, "After I remove your coat, immediately go down onto the all fours position while looking up straight into my face." I did as he said, looking him straight into the face from my position on the floor. Tom then walked me on all fours to the nearest man and said Heel (meaning my legs under me, back straight looking straight ahead). "Jill, you remember Toby." I of course I did remember him but what got me excited was the fact that Toby was staring at my upper body which was now completely exposed due to the shirt being unbutton and untucked. Toby extended his hand in what I though was going to be a hand shake. Instead his hand went to one of my breast which he stroked. This scene was repeated with both Al and Ralph. This left both of my breast red from their stroking. Tom then led me over to his seat on the small couch where he sat down and positioning me on the floor in front of him. I was on my butt, legs bent sideways, with my back leaning between his legs. Everyone turned their attention back to the game. Of course, periodically Tom reached down and stroked my breast. I relaxed against him enjoying his touch as well as being stared at by the other men which excited me. Here I was in an exposed and submissive position in front of all these men. I had never experience this before.
During the first period break, Tom had me crawl into the kitchen to get more refreshments for everyone. Due to the position of the slits, my ass was exposed to everyone as I crawl on all fours. Once in the kitchen, I stood up and decided to remove the skirt. I walked back into the living room wearing only the open shirt. As I handed the men their drinks they each reached out and touch varies parts of my exposed body. I reveled with each touch. After the drinks had been served, I got back down on all fours and crawled back to Tom. As my butt got within reach of his hand, he slapped my ass and told me to crawl over to Toby and to stay with him during the second period of the game. Toby had me sit next to him on the couch. He put his arm around my shoulder and pulled me into his body. This allowed him the freedom to reach any part of my body. He concentrated on stroking my pussy and occasionally penetrating me with his fingers, which make me go limp as I moved further into his body. With my face pressed up against his chest, the moans emulating from me were somewhat muffled. I did not cum but it was close.
During half time, I once again crawled into the kitchen to get everyone some more refreshment. I made sure to drink some water and eat some of the snacks before I came out of the kitchen. Before returning to the living room, I remove the shirt and left it in the kitchen, so I walked back into the living room totally nude except for the collar and leash. After I had serve everyone, I knelt on all fours in between the two couches with my head down in the direction of the TV and my butt up in the air. My ass received slaps from the men. The slaps were not hard, they just strongly stung. Each time my ass was slap, a jolt of pleasure went from the skin of my ass straight to my pussy. I was moaning and clinching my pussy lips shut trying to keep the moisture accumulating in my pussy from leaking out. As the third period was to start, Tom told me to crawl over to Ralph and to stay with him during the that period of the game. Ralph had me lay across his lap. In that position, he had access to my pussy, butt checks, my back, neck and my head. I can assure you that I was in sensory overload as all of them were stroke and groped. My pussy was penetrated leaving moisture on his fingers which he, each time, wipe clean on my ass before slapping it.
For the fourth and final period of the game I sat on Al's lap facing him with my legs straddling the outside of his legs. He had me sit this way so he could look at my face as he fondled my chest area and penetrated my pussy with his fingers. As I looked into his eyes, I saw pure sexual lust and extreme satisfaction when he did make me cum, twice. Both times after Cumming, I fell forward on to his chest. I took those opportunities to stick my tongue deep into his mouth seeking out his tongue. After satisfying myself from the kissing, I straighten up and he started all over again groping my breast, pulling and twisting my nipples before inserting his fingers in my pussy seeking out my G spot. The crouch of his pants ended up looking like he peed on himself from the amount of cum that sprayed out of my pussy.
After the game, Tom led me, walking on all fours, over to the front door. He had me sit up straight with my legs underneath me. From that position, he ordered me to give each of his guests a hug before they walked out of the house. That meant, in hugging them from that position, my arms went around their waist and my face pushed up against their crouch area with my face resting right on their hard penises. On my own initiative, I said to each one of them, "As a thank you for playing with me tonight, the next time we get together I will show my gratitude to you using both sets of my lips." Overhearing my statement, Tom had a look of surprise and intrigue on his face, which made me think, what did I just unleash in him. I was soon to find out.
After our last guest had left and the front door was closed, Tom, using the leash, walked me back into the living room. He had me crawl up onto the coffee table on all fours. Pulling the leash downward, he tied the leash to one of the table legs. This caused my head to rest on the table and my ass to stick in the air. I had never been so vulnerable in my life. I swelled with sexual excitement. Tom removed his clothes, walked behind me and without any preparation stuck his dick into my very wet pussy. Tom pounded me for a good ten minutes before unleashing his load deep within me. I came twice during that time. I was totally spent. Tom unleashed me and sat me down on the coffee table. He put his clothes back on and left the room for a minute. Tom returned with, in one hand, my shirt, skirt, shoes, and my coat (from which he had removed my house keys). He picked me up and placed me over his shoulder. Tom then walked out of his front door and took me to my house.
As he was walking, I vaguely became aware that I was naked and my ass was totally exposed to anyone we might pass. I almost came from thinking that. He opened the door and then deposited me onto my living room couch. He covered my naked body with my coat before walking out of my house to return to his home. I spent the night and half of the next morning on that couch. As I was drifting off to sleep feeling totally sexually satisfied, I realized that I was displayed naked before four men, that four men desired me, four men had groped and sexually (for lack of a better word) "assaulted" me (my ass was red from all the slapping it received), two men had made me cum and one man fucked me. I had never felt so desirable and womanly in my life.
End Part 2