Life with a Nympho Pt. 8. The past resurfaces
"Are you almost ready? We're supposed to meet them in 15 minutes."
As usual, we were in a bit of a rush to get out the door. Maybe if we had less morning sex, it would be possible. But for Kelly and me, that was easier said than done.
I was channel surfing while she finished with her hair and makeup. Sunday morning television is pretty bleak, and I wasn't surprised to come across a telethon begging for money for the disease of the week.
"You know what I'd really like to see?" I said to Kelly as she emerged from our bedroom, looking stunning as usual. "A telethon to raise funds to find a cure for nymphomania."
"Uhh, I thought you enjoyed living with a nymphomaniac," she said feigning outrage.
"Don't get me wrong. I love it. But the eye candy on a nymphomania telethon would be incredible. And I'm highly confident that any cure is decades away, maybe longer. Surely we'll have fucked each other to death by then."
"You can only hope," she said, wrapping her arms around my neck and pressing her body up against me.
"Please give generously, so that the forgotten partners of nymphomaniacs can get a moment's peace in the bedroom," I said, mimicking the voice of a telethon host.
"It seems to me it was you you started things this morning. I was the innocent victim when you got on top of me and slipped that big cock of yours inside me."
"Is there such a thing as a male nymphomaniac, or are we just sex fiends?"
"I prefer male sluts," Kelly laughed. "Let me be specific. I prefer the male slut I'm engaged to."
"I'm not sure I'm a slut. I only have sex with you."
"And Jess and Jennifer and Amanda and those two hookers on the yacht...."
"Correction. One was a hooker. The other was a porn star. But I only fuck other women when you're watching."
"You'd better keep it that way."
Kelly's right hand was rubbing my crotch and mine was squeezing her nipple under the low-cut wool crop top she was wearing. As usual, she wasn't wearing a bra, something my friend Brad would certainly appreciate when we joined them in a few minutes. She had on a short brown suede skirt and matching boots. I wasn't sure how his wife Mary would react.
"In case you've forgotten, we have a brunch date," I said. "We'd better get going."
Thankfully Brad and Mary had gotten a day pass from suburbia and parenting duties and were coming to our part of town. They'd planned to drop their girls off with their grandparents and spend the afternoon hanging out with us.
"I'm so happy we were finally able to do this," Mary exclaimed as we joined them in the restaurant. "I can't remember the last time we went to a place that didn't have a kids menu and crayons to colour the placemats."
"I kinda liked the crayons when I was single," I joked.
Mary was looking way hotter than I remembered her. She was never unattractive, but was carrying around a bit of baby weight after having her kids. She also dressed like a soccer mom.
Today, she was wearing tight jeans, black boots, a white t-shirt and a navy blue jacket. She'd clearly been working out and had lost a fair bit of weight — everywhere except in her boobs.
"You're looking great Mary," I found myself saying.
"I had to get in shape or Brad would have left me," she smiled. "Half my mom friends are getting divorced, and the other half are just turning a blind eye to the fact that their husbands are sleeping with younger women."
"Hey, I'm not like that," Brad protested. "And you know damn well that some of those marriages are ending because the wives fucked around!"
"Life is so much more interesting in the suburbs," Kelly observed.
"Unlike the concrete jungle downtown where nobody ever has sex," Brad added. Kelly and I looked at each other knowingly, and the four of us cracked up.
We placed our orders and settled in. Kelly was aware that Brad knew about her past — and her association with Connor — but neither of us were sure he'd told his wife all the details. Either way, there was no awkwardness in the conversation.
"I don't want to rush things, because we haven't even eaten yet," Mary said. "But Kelly, I was wondering if we could break away from these two handsome dudes this afternoon and do a bit of shopping. Brad thinks I need to update my wardrobe and that you could give me some good advice. He even gave me his credit card and told me to go nuts."
Brad gave me a knowing look. He was clearly relishing the idea of Mary 2.0.
"Sure, that would be great. There are a bunch of cool shops around here, and there's always the mall if we can't find anything there."
We heard all about their kids' busy lives — I honestly don't know how they managed to fit in so many dance classes, soccer games and piano lessons — but we also talked about our recent trip to visit my parents, and our plans to get married just after Christmas.
"We'd love it if you guys could make it," Kelly gushed. "I know it might be hard with the girls, but they'd be welcome too, of course."
Mary looked at Brad and smiled. "They treasure their time with their grandparents, and we loved spending time alone in Mexico. We used to go every winter. And truth be told, Maddie was conceived during our last trip."
"Hope you didn't have too much tequila that night," I joked.
"Who needs tequila when you're with this sexy woman on a beach vacation?" Brad said, squeezing Mary's hand.
"Well, let us know," Kelly said. "It's going to be a pretty small affair. So far we just have Tony's parents and a couple we met when we were down there a few months ago."
We'd all had a couple drinks and were in a relaxed mood. The girls excused themselves to begin their shopping expedition. They promised to meet up back at our condo around 3.
"I'm not sure I want to hang out here any longer," I told Brad. "Want to go grab a drink someplace else? Or just go back to the condo for a beer? There might be a ballgame on TV."
"Why don't we just go for a walk," Brad said. "There's something I need to talk to you about."
It sounded a bit ominous, and as it turns out, it was.
"Remember the last time we ran into each other?" he began.
"You mean that time you caught me in a bald-faced lie about being out of town so that I didn't have to raise a glass to my fiancée's abusive ex?"
"That would be it. And no need to apologize. I'm glad you filled me in. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself if I'd found out the truth after we had a memorial for him."
"So what's going on now?" I asked.
"You remember I told you we didn't know anything about what happened to Connor, just that he'd died? There was nothing online, and you can't ask for a police report unless you're related. So anyway, a couple of days ago, Connor's sister got in touch with Pete on Facebook."
Pete was the host of the pool party last summer where Kelly and I had met, and the one who'd stayed in closest contact with Connor after we all graduated.
"She said she'd read the police report about her brother's death, and it mentioned that his former girlfriend and a former classmate were there when it happened. It named you and Kelly. She wants to talk to you."
I stopped in my tracks, and I could feel the blood drain from my face.
"This is serious, man. I don't want to talk about it on the street. We live three blocks that way. Let's go and I'll tell you the whole story."
"I'm all ears. I don't think you mentioned that rather important detail when we last talked."
We walked in silence back to the condo. When we arrived, I offered him a beer, and we sat down in the living room.
"Look," I began. "Everything I told you last time is true. I just omitted a few things because I didn't think it was necessary to spill the beans. And quite frankly, it's still somewhat traumatizing for us, especially for Kelly."
"The sister — I think her name is Andrea — said he fell down the stairs at a strip club?"
"That's true. The cops told us later that he was obsessed with Kelly and was hunting her down. He planned to kidnap her, fuck her and then shoot them both. They found the gun and a note in his car."
"Jesus. Pete didn't mention all that when he called me."
"If I were Connor's sister, I'd suppress that part of the story too. Anyway, I promised I'd tell you everything. He found us one night at the Sapphire Club. We were coming up the stairs from the Champagne Room where Kelly had given me a lap dance."
"What the fuck?" Brad asked.
"I'll explain that part in a minute. Connor was hammered — the cops said he was going from club to club searching for her — and when he saw us together, he tried to take a swing at me. I'll never forget the look in his eye. I managed to step aside to avoid his fist, and he fell down the steps, banging his head on the way down. I think he was dead before he hit the landing. If he'd been sober, I'm convinced it would have been me lying in a pool of blood that night."
"Oh my God, man! I see what you mean by traumatizing. So the cops cleared you?"
"Not before they basically accused me of being Kelly's pimp. I suppose that would have been an accurate description of what he was to her, but I wasn't forcing her to dance or taking a dime from her earnings."
"You have to admit it's a bit weird though, right? From what Kelly told us at brunch, you guys went to Mexico in early December and got engaged, and then after Christmas, she's back getting naked for strangers in a bar?"
"You're the only one who knows this, and I really hope you keep it to yourself. Kelly hated having to dance naked six or seven nights a week and then give all her money to that loser. But she actually loves turning guys on her with body. She asked me I was okay with her going back to it a couple nights a week so that she could earn some money for school and contribute to our living expenses. I wasn't about to stand in her way. I'm not that kind of guy."
"And it sounds as if she was offering you a few free dances on the nights she was working."
"Au contraire. That night, we acted out a bit of a fantasy where I was the rich businessman giving the struggling young woman a bit of a helping hand to get an education so that she could escape the sex trade."
"I envy you, man. Not the part about Connor, but I'd kill to be with a woman like her."
"To be honest, it's exhausting at times. Kelly calls herself a nymphomaniac, and I've never had as much great sex as I have these past few months. Though as she pointed out just before we left to meet up with you guys, it was me who initiated things this morning. So maybe she's rubbing off on me."
"I almost need to rub myself out thinking about it," Brad laughed. "Sorry. That was over the line."
"Kelly would have laughed, so how can I possibly be offended? But seriously, what happened that night really hit her hard. She might have hated the guy, but they did live together, and it was pretty horrifying seeing his dead body and then finding out what he planned to do to her."
"I'm surprised she seems to be doing so well now," Brad said.
"She's pretty good at hiding it. She probably has it on her mind today, knowing that you, me and Connor went to school together. But it was enough to end her days as a stripper, at least in a club. Now I'm the only one who gets to enjoy her lap dances, and deep down, that doesn't bother me a bit."
"I think I need another beer," Brad said.
'You and me both," I said, getting up and heading over to the fridge. "By the way, I have a question for you. Does Mary know what Kelly used to do for a living?"
Brad's face was red when I returned with his refill.
"Since you've been so honest, I need to be the same. You might have noticed that my wife has never looked better than she does now, even when we were dating."
"In the interest of full disclosure, I did notice."
"So a week or two ago, we're fooling around on the couch and she's naked except for her panties, and I try to get her to give me a lap dance. We were both drunk and she got pissed off when I grabbed her tits, and I kinda blurted out that she should take lessons from Kelly because she used to do it for a living. I'm sorry man. I never should have said that."
"You know what," I said. "I'm not pissed off, and I don't think Kelly would be either. She's really open and positive about sex. She's proud of her body — you got to appreciate it today — and if Mary wasn't entirely joking earlier about putting a little spice back in your relationship, I'm sure Kelly would be more than happy to give her some advice."
"That's great to hear, Tony. To be honest, that's why I encouraged them to spend some time alone this afternoon, though I'm dreading my credit card bill at the end of the month."
It was already a quarter after 3, so they'd likely be back any time.
"One more question: did you tell Mary anything about your conversation with Pete?"
"Absolutely not. And that stays private. I don't know if you'll ever hear from Andrea. He swears he didn't give her any contact information, but she may have a way of tracking you down."
"I'd appreciate it if you could get back to Pete and fill him in on some of the details the sister left out. And ask him to keep it all to himself."
"Absolutely, no problem," Brad promised.
Just then, the door to the condo swung open, and Kelly and Mary came in. Both were laden down with shopping bags.
"Jesus Christ, I'm going to need to get a second job," Brad exclaimed.
"Don't worry, it's not all mine," his wife replied.
"But just wait til you see what she bought, Brad," Kelly said. "Honey, why don't you go into the bedroom and put on that jacket? I'm sure both of these boys would love to see you in it."
Mary giggled and grabbed one of the bags. Kelly turned her attention to us.
"So what did you two do to pass the time while we were spending your money so we could look good for you?"
"Ah, you know, usual guys stuff," I said. "Business. Baseball. Which one of you two is the best fuck."
"After a long and detailed discussion, we decided it was a tie," Brad added.
"Good answer," Kelly said, sitting down beside me. "I think once you see your wife in her new outfit, you might be inspired to go straight home and have a bit of fun before the kids get dropped off."
Kelly was right about Mary's stunning new black silk jacket, cut low but not quite as low as the one that my fiancée wore for special occasions. Kelly had convinced her new friend to go braless without anything underneath, giving us all an eyeful of her big firm breasts.
"I won't have this on in front of the girls, and I'd get thrown out of the PTA meeting if I showed up wearing it," Mary said quietly. She seemed a bit uncomfortable.
"I think attendance at the PTA meetings would skyrocket if you did," her husband responded. "Best way I can think of to get more dads to come out."
"We bought some sexy lingerie for occasions when I can't be waving my tits like this in public," Mary added.
"Honey, you have a great body. Don't be ashamed of it," Kelly said. "Now that the girls are growing up, you have more time for each other. And if what you told me earlier about your husband's cock, why wouldn't you want to ramp it up a bit?"
Mary looked horrified. "Sorry honey," she said to Brad. But he and I were killing ourselves laughing.
"I was telling Brad just before you two arrived that my fiancée has a very healthy libido and a positive attitude about sex.
"From being a stripper?" Mary asked, smiling broadly at Kelly.
"I guess we have no secrets between us," Kelly laughed. "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful and very sexy friendship."
We offered them a drink, but they declined. I guessed they wanted to go home and be the only husband and wife in suburbia actually fucking each other. Mary didn't even bother changing out of her new jacket before they left.
"I really like her," Kelly said as we sat down together on the couch. "She's really serious about having more fun with Brad, and she's worked hard on that body. I'd kill for those tits!"
"There's nothing wrong with your tits," I assured her, sliding my right hand under her top.
"Are you sure? I was thinking of having some work done on them as a wedding present for you."
"That would be the biggest waste of money ever. They're perfect right now. No surgeon on earth would touch them, unless he just wanted to see you topless."
Kelly pulled my hand away from her breast and stood up.
"You might have noticed we were both in a pretty good mood when we got back. We did some shopping, then we walked over to a park and smoked a joint Mary had with her. I guess suburban life isn't as boring as we thought."
"Smoking weed might be the only way to survive it," I suggested.
"That really helped her relax. Me too. We went to a lingerie shop and she bought a whole bunch of stuff. I might have picked up a few things too. Then we went to a sex shop and got a few toys. I think you and Brad are going to be very pleased. And since it's still too early for dinner, maybe I could model some of what I got."
Kelly collected her bags and went into the bedroom.
"You know" I called out loudly enough for her to hear. "Lingerie is almost wasted on you. It's really only for women who need to distract their husbands from the TV or their phones and pay some attention to them. That's never been an problem for you. And you're such a slut, the lingerie is usually lying on the floor as soon as you put it on."
"Let's just see about that," she responded. I finished off my beer as I waited for her to return.
About five minutes later, Kelly re-appeared.
"Like what you see?" she asked seductively.
"Everything I just said, I take it back."
She was wearing an absolutely filthy black leather outfit, consisting of a collar around her neck, and straps that barely covered her nipples and extended down to a leather bikini bottom that had a zipper aligned with her opening. She was also wearing lace stockings and a pair of stiletto heels that were higher than anything she'd had during her days as a stripper. And in her right hand was a leash to connect to the metal loop in the collar.
"I'm a very bad girl," she began. "I've been out with my girlfriend smoking drugs and spending money. I should have been home pleasuring my man. Now I need to be punished."
"Get over here," I said, playing along with her game. "Attach your leash and hand it to me."
"Don't you want to see all of my outfit first? I thought of you the minute I saw it in the store. Mary said it was way too naughty for Brad. Too bad, because it would have looked just as good on her."
Kelly played with the straps, briefly exposing her nipples before returning them in place. When she turned around, I could see her ass was completely exposed. She ran her hands up her inner thigh, teasing her barely-covered snatch, and then walked over to hand the end of the leash to me.
"Now, get down on your knees," I said coldly.
She did as instructed, and I yanked the leash hard. She yelped as her chin brushed up against my crotch.
"Pull down my pants. Then put my dick in your mouth and start sucking."
Once again, she did as she was told, and I yanked the leash hard so that my fully-erect cock was buried deep in her throat. She began gagging and crying as I refused to let up.
"What did you expect, bitch, when you come out here dressed like a total whore?"
I finally relented, eased up on the leash and let her catch her breath. I thought she'd be relieved, but the way she looked at me, I could tell she wanted more.
"I love it rough like this," she gasped. "Please don't stop!"
I pushed her off and stood up so I could kick off my pants and remove my shirt. She remained on her knees, and after sitting back down on the couch, I stuck my cock between her boobs and started pulling on the leash once again.
"I wanna make you cum with my tits baby!" she cried. "But I want that big fat cock in my pussy too."
I was getting extremely turned on too, and decided that for once, I wasn't going to hold back. I dropped the leash and squeezed her breasts hard, continuing to rub my cock between them. I was close, so I pushed her back, grabbed my cock and sprayed a geyser of cum all over her face. She opened her mouth and I shot the last blast right down her throat.
"There's more where that came from," I growled, perhaps more confidently than I should have.
"There better be. I told you I want that cock in my wet pussy," she said, wiping her hand over her cum-covered face and swallowing as much as she could. "Lucky for you, you're with a professional lap dancer. I'm gonna get you hard enough again to make us both happy. Leave it to me."
She started rubbing my cock, then stood up and turned away from me— she was still wearing her heels so her legs and ass looked amazing — and I heard her undo the zipper covering her pussy. Then she sat down on me and started grinding.
''Oooh, I'm already feeling that cock of yours," she whispered. She placed my hands on her rack and moaned as I played with her nipples. Eventually, my right hand wandered down her body and I plunged two fingers through the opening in the bikini bottom into her sopping cunt.
"Oh you're going to make me cum if you keep doing that! This is so hot!"
"You're so fucking hot, you slut," I responded. I was already hard again and ready to give her what she'd demanded.
"Fuck me now, Daddy. Fuck me hard." She'd never called me that before. I'd have to ask her about it once the debauchery was over.
"Get on your back, bitch," I ordered.
She stood up and kicked off her shoes. She laid back in the corner of our wraparound couch and spread her legs.
"Think you can satisfy me, Daddy?" she snarled.
For two people who loved each other so much, we were taking the hard-hearted fucking routine a bit far. But I knew my nympho wife-to-be would be disappointed if I didn't give her the pounding of her life.
I got on top of her, noticing a pool of her pussy juices had already formed on the sofa. Then I stuck my cock through the opening in her outfit and filled her cunt.
"That's it, Daddy. Punish your filthy whore."
I'd pushed the straps of her outfit to the side so that I could grope her breasts aggressively. The leash was still attached to her collar, so with one hand, I wrapped it around her neck and started gently choking her. Her eyes bulged and she started breathing heavily, but I was careful not to hurt her.
"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" she screamed. As her body spasmed, I shot another load of cum inside her.
I released the pressure on the leash and laid down gently on top of her. I kissed her lovingly and rubbed her face, neck and breasts, as though I was trying to reverse any pain she might have suffered during our intense fucking. Neither of us spoke for several minutes, and eventually she started touching me gently too.
"I told you this lingerie wouldn't be a waste of money. And you said it would be cast aside in no time." Smart-ass Kelly was back.
"Holy shit, that was incredible!" I said. "I'm not one to keep a list, but that had to have been one of the top five fucks we've ever had."
"I'd put it in the top three. Maybe even the best ever, baby" she said.
"You've called me baby before, but I don't remember Daddy. What's with that?"
"I used that on the guys I was dancing for at the club. Made them open their wallets even more. But now that you mention it, maybe when we're doing this for real, I'll call you Baby Daddy."
"Eventually," I sighed. "I'm not sure I can handle all the piano lessons and soccer practices that Brad and Mary have to deal with."
"But as long as we keep practicing, we'll get there," she said knowingly, squeezing my flaccid cock.
"I hope they're having as much fun right now as we did," I said.
"I'm pretty sure they are. Mary's new lingerie was pretty damn sexy too. That is if Brad didn't just rip off that jacket and start fucking her the minute they walked in the door."
"I'm glad you two got along so well," I said. "Brad was kinda hoping you'd teach her to open up."
"I aim to please. I hope we get to spend a lot more time with them. I think she might be into doing a little swapping."
"I dunno," I said. "I've known Brad a long time. He's always struck me as a one-woman-at-a-time kind of guy."
"That was before he met me. And I saw the way you were staring at Mary's chest. Now, I need a long hot shower. That first blast of your cum has dried up in my hair, and I need to drain my pussy as well."
"Youarea complete whore," I laughed. "Want spend a bit more time with the male slut you're engaged to?"
***
It was the last day of the school term. It was also Kelly's last class with Ian. I always knew when she'd be seeing him, because she dressed more provocatively than usual those days. On this occasion, she'd left the condo wearing a pale pink mini dress. It had a belt she could use to expose as much or as little of her rack as she wanted. I'd gotten an eyeful during breakfast, and I'd guessed he would too if the opportunity arose.
I'd decided to work from home that day. I wanted to be home to greet her so we could celebrate the end of a very successful term.
I was at my desk when I heard a loud knock on the door. Figuring Kelly had forgotten her keys when she left, I went over to open it.
It wasn't my fiancée at the doorway, but a very upset-looking blonde woman who appeared to be in her early 20's. She barged right past me and stood in the middle of our living room.
"Where is she? Where's the bitch who broke my brother's heart?"
This had to be Andrea, the woman that Brad had warned me about. She must have followed another resident or a delivery person into the building. She seemed very upset and might have been high on something.
"Excuse me, but I don't remember inviting you into my home," I began.
"And you must be that guy she's fucking, the guy who used to be my brother's friend. How do you even look at yourself in the mirror after what you did to him?"
I didn't feel the need to defend myself, but I couldn't figure out how to get rid of her without trying to calm her down.
"Can I get you a glass of water or something? It looks to me as if you don't have the whole story."
"I read the damn police report," she answered. "What more is there to know?"
I gestured towards the couch and encouraged her to have a seat. I got her some water and plunked myself down in a side chair.
"First, I want to express my condolences," I said as sincerely as I could manage. "I'm an only child, so I don't know what it's like to lose a sibling, but it must be tough. It had been a long time since Connor and I spent much time together, and I can't remember him mentioning he had a sister, but I'm sure you loved each other very much."
"He was nine years older than me. When you two were in college, I was barely out of grade school. And towards the end, he was pretty much estranged from the entire family."
"I'm sorry to hear it. He was in a pretty bad way financially and personally at the end."
"If only we'd known!' Andrea started to cry. "My parents and I would have helped him out."
She looked up at me with tears streaming down her face. Her eyes told me she wanted me to hug her, but I didn't budge.
Just then I heard a key in the door, and Kelly burst in.
"You wouldn't believe what just happened at...." She stopped when she saw I wasn't alone.
"Who the fuck is this, Tony? I thought we agreed....no sleeping around behind each other's backs!"
Before I had a chance to explain, Andrea jumped to her feet and started yelling at Kelly.
"If it weren't for you, bitch, Connor would be alive today!"
That was more than enough to get Kelly's back up, and for a moment, I thought there was going to be a catfight, but I managed to grab the sleeve of Andrea's jacket and step between them.
"This woman says she's Connor's sister," I said to my fiancée. "Brad warned me that she was trying to track us down. I didn't want you to worry about it so I kept it to myself."
"What does she have to worry about," Andrea sneered. "She's got a boyfriend, and I have a dead brother."
"I didn't even know he had a sister," Kelly responded. "Shows you how special you were to him."
"Funny you mention that, honey," I said. "Because I found out he didn't have a sister."
"What the fuck are you talking about?" asked Andrea, or whatever her name really was.
"Look lady, I don't know who you fucked at the police station to get that report, but you weren't his sister," I snarled. "None of us could remember him ever talking about a sister, so a buddy contacted his parents, and they confirmed he had no siblings."
"That's a lie!" Andrea yelled, but we could see in her face that she knew it was hopeless.
"Listen, here's what's going to happen. You're going to leave and never try to contact us again. If you start spreading lies about us or try to extort us for money, I'll call the cops so fast your head will spin. Your face will be on the security cameras in the lobby, and I have your fingerprints on the glass of water I gave you. I can't imagine this is the first time you've pulled a stunt like this."
The woman was already halfway to the door.
"Fuck you. Fuck you both!" she screamed as she made her exit.
"I think that's the last we'll see of the world's worst scam artist," I said to Kelly as I gave her a hug.
She looked a bit shell-shocked. "How did you know to ask questions about her?"
"Brad told me about her the day you and Mary were out shopping. She'd tracked down Pete, one of our other college friends, and he gave us a head's up. Her story didn't seem right to me, so I asked Brad to get in touch with his parents to offer condolences and ask about the sister. They confirmed she was a fraud. I guess we owe Brad one."
"I'll try to figure out a way to personally thank him," Kelly smiled, loosening her the belt on her dress to expose her lovely cleavage.
"Good luck with that. He also told me that Mary has turned into a total slut since she hung out with you. She can't get enough sex. He told me it's a blessing he had a vasectomy after their second daughter was born, because they can't afford any more kids, let alone all the condoms they'd need!"
"I'll take that as a challenge. I invited them over for dinner on Saturday night. Now that school's over, I have time to spend in the kitchen. Maybe I'll wear an apron — and nothing else — that night. And I know you wouldn't mind a shot at Mary."
"One of these days, we'll find some friends that we don't have sex with," I smiled. "Speaking of which, I'm guessing you spent some time with your sexy professor today. How'd that go?"
"That's what I was going to tell you when I came in. He invited me back to his office after class."
"Uh, oh. You know the rules."
"Don't be silly. I don't have my final mark yet, so I'm still technically his student. All he wanted to do was formally invite us to their cottage the first weekend in June, once the weather warms up a bit."
"So body heat wouldn't have been enough?" I joked.
"He's out of town for most of May, and it's a busy time for Jennifer at work, so that's the first opportunity they have to host us. I flashed my boobs at him and told him he'd have to wait until then to play with them."
"Jesus Christ, you could have gotten him fired. What if someone walked in?"
"Well, um, as it turns out, a guy did walk in just as I was covering up. He glanced at me and then started going on about some faculty meeting, and then stopped in mid-sentence and said to me, 'Aren't you the stripper who gave me a lap dance at my bachelor party last fall?'"
"Then he turned to Ian and said, 'It doesn't surprise me that you tracked down this little minx. We had to drag you out of the club that night because you really wanted your own private dance from her. And now you're fucking her in your office? Don't you know what that could do to your career?'"
"Ian looked a bit shaken at first, but then responded very forcefully. He told the guy that I wasn't a stripper, at least not now, and in fact, I was one of his top students and we're not sleeping together. And then asked where he got off saying all this holier-than-thou stuff about me when he was the one I'd been dancing for. He also said if the guy was counting on his support to get tenure, he'd keep his mouth shut about all this."
'Wow. I'm glad he defended you," I said. "What happened next?"
"The guy mumbled some kind of apology, then left the office. I turned to Ian and demanded to know if that night we had dinner at his place wasn't the first time he'd seen me naked. He confirmed it wasn't. Then I walked out the door."
I didn't mention that Ian had told me the whole story previously.
"All the way home, I wondered if Ian's only interested in me because I'm reasonably attractive and told him I was okay with having him fuck me after the term was over."
"Hold it right there," I interrupted. "You're not reasonably attractive. You're drop-dead gorgeous. And let me remind you that you're getting straight A's from all your profs, even the females. So unless they're all lesbians, it can't be just because of your looks."
"Well, one of them certainly is. And she's pretty hot. I wouldn't mind getting to know her a bit better now."
"You're something else," I laughed. "Seriously, I've seen how much work you've put into all your courses. You deserve those marks. And I think we need to celebrate."
"If you mean we should go out, could I take a rain check? I'm totally wiped, and as much as I love surprises, I've had more than enough for today. Sometimes I wonder if there would be a lot less drama in our lives if I'd never decided to take my clothes off for money."
"Perhaps," I said. "But don't forget that if I hadn't run into you at that club, we might never have seen each other again."
Kelly started crying as she gave me a hug, then a deep kiss.
"For tonight, I have another idea," I said. "We've never cracked open that massage oil you bought the day you went shopping for lingerie and sex toys with Mary. Why don't you go have a shower, and I'll meet you in the bedroom. After I get rid of all the stress in your body, maybe you can do the same for me."
"It's funny how all the world's problems can be solved in the bedroom," she responded, giving me another kiss and heading to our bedroom. Before she went through doorway, she turned around and opened the top of her dress, fully exposing her gorgeous breasts.
"I think this part of my body is going to need some extra attention," she said.
"Oh, alright, if you insist," I laughed.
I heard the shower go on and I went to grab a few towels from the linen closet. I had a feeling that things would get a little messy with the massage oil. Then I lit a few candles, put on some soft jazz music, and changed into a t-shirt and a pair of loose cotton shorts. I was already pretty hard when she came out of the ensuite wearing only a towel.
"It's too bad this isn't one of those massage parlours where the masseur showers with the customer," she pouted.
"We save that for after the happy ending," I responded. "Why don't you lie face down on the bed here and we can get started?"
Kelly dropped the towel to the floor and did as I asked. I squeezed some of the oil on her back.
"Yeeow, that's cold!" she complained.
"Sorry ma'am, I'm new at this. Let me rub it in and warm you up."
"Ma'am?" she asked, turning her head to face me. "I'm not your mother, you know."
"I highly doubt I'd be giving my mother this kind of massage," I responded.
As much as I wanted to touch her pussy and her breasts, I decided to take it slowly, rubbing the oil into her shoulders, neck and back. Then I squeezed more oil on her legs, eliciting another squeal, and worked my way up from her feet to her thighs and ass.
"It would be better if I straddled you on the bed," I said. "That way I can apply equal pressure."
"Mmmm, sounds good. You're doing a great job. Are you sure you haven't been doing this for a while?"
As I climbed on the bed and placed my knees on either side of her legs, she parted them ever so slightly to expose her pussy. I hadn't spread any oil there, but she was already very wet.
"Do you mind if I touch you here?" I asked, gently rubbing my thumbs over her glistening lips.
"Not at all," she murmured. "You're making me feel so good!"
I spread a little more oil on her pussy and asshole, then started rubbing both. I could sense she was resisting what would surely come naturally if I continued touching her there.
"Relax," I whispered, momentarily lowering myself over her naked body. My cock was rock hard and she tried to grab it as I pressed it against her leg. "I'm enjoying this as much as you are, and I don't consider my job done until I make my clients cum more than once."
I pushed myself up and continued to tease her openings. Her first orgasm was violent, as she punched the bed with both arms and bucked up and down.
As she calmed down, I asked if she wanted to flip over. I got off and she rolled towards me.
"Oh dear, you got a lot of oil on your clothes. Maybe you should take them off," she suggested.
I quickly removed my shorts and T-shirt, and she immediately grabbed my cock and started stroking it.
"Is it okay if I touch?" she asked.
"Whatever the client wants, the client gets," I said as I squeezed more oil over her breasts, belly and legs.
"If that's the case, I'm going to put that big cock of yours in my mouth."
Now I was the one having to resist. She looked incredibly beautiful in the soft light of our bedroom, with the slick sheen of oil on her perfect body. And now she was blowing me.
"As much as I'm loving this, I want to make sure you get your money's worth. You came for a full-body massage, and I still need to pay some attention to your legs," I said.
"Screw that. Play with my tits and my pussy while I suck you off," she commanded.
As I said, what the customer wants, the customer gets. I was dangerously close to cumming in her mouth after she reached her second orgasm with three of my fingers jammed up her tight cunt. I pulled my cock out so she could catch her breath, but immediately climbed on top of her and started fucking her missionary style.
"We need more oil," Kelly exclaimed as I continued to pound her. Get on your back and I'll spread some on you, and more on my tits."
At this point, it was unclear who was massaging whom. Kelly looked and behaved like a total slut, spraying the rest of the oil in the bottle on her breasts and my chest, and rubbing herself all over me as she slipped my cock back inside her.
"That's it. You're hitting my G-spot. Keep fucking me like this and I'll cum again!"
But it was Kelly who was doing most of the work. She seemed lost in her pleasure, yet never forgetting mine. The oil added to the excitement. I made a mental note to replenish our supply.
Kelly soon came again. This orgasm was even more intense than the first two. She moaned hard, and I was concerned she was going to pass out. But she quickly regained her composure, and started riding me again.
"I don't want this to end," I exclaimed. "That has to be the reason why I haven't cum inside you yet."
"Well it's time we did something about that," she said as she pushed herself up, grabbed a couple of throw pillows from the other side of the bed and rolled over so that they were under her belly, and her pussy and ass aimed toward the ceiling.
"Pick your hole, Big Boy, and fill it with your cum!"
As tempted as I was to get some anal action, I wasn't sure the massage oil would be as effective as the lube we normally used, and I didn't want to be holding anything back. So I plunged my throbbing dick inside her pussy and went to town.
"Is that the best you can do?" she taunted. "A real man would want to destroy a whore like me!"
I picked up the pace and she started screaming. When I tried to put my hand over her mouth, she pushed it aside.
"I don't give a shit about the neighbours. "They need to know what a fucking stud you are!"
I had to be hurting her, but she wouldn't let me stop. Eventually she started fingering herself as I fucked her, and as I felt her fourth orgasm coming, I released a torrent of sperm inside her.
We were a tangled mess of oil-covered body parts after it was over.
"I hope you're completely relaxed now, Ma'am." I emphasized the last word.
"We need to do this more often, babe," she replied. "Not only are you a great fuck, but I love the way you play along with our little fantasies."
"Living with someone like you used to be a fantasy for me," I replied. "I'm so lucky it's become my reality."
"Let me remind you that our reality is about to include some of our sexy friends. I'm just so grateful that our bond is so strong that we can play with others on occasion. Now, where's that shower for two you promised me?"
To be continued