"Mom!" Chris Matherson shouted, with obvious happiness lacing his voice. The reason for this glee was the envelope the 18 year old medical aspirant was holding in his hand. He had been accepted into CFNM (College for Neuro Medicine), as the best neuro medical institute in the country was popularly known.
"What is it, honey?" Eline Matherson asked her son. When she saw the envelope, she immediately realised that all the hard work her son had put in had finally paid off. She had always been proud of Chris, never more so than this very moment.
Chris wasn't the jock or the cool kid. He was a geek, and took pride in the fact. He was very clear about his goals, and worked persistently to achieve them. This, however, meant he wasn't exactly a big hit in the dating world. Chris was often awkward with girls, and could barely speak to most of them, let alone ask them out on dates. His mom and Christina, a girl he had known since he was 2, were practically the only women he felt completely comfortable around.
Mom and son were entwined in a huge bear hug. Tears were forming in Eline's eyes as she saw the pride on her son's face. Her son had a slight body,around 6 feet in height. With an average build and blonde hair, he did look quite attractive. She just hoped he would be more exposed to the opposite sex in college. The lack of his dating life hadn't been much of a concern for her, but she believed college had to be about holistic development and dating and sex were a huge part of him becoming an independent man.
From the things she had heard about CFNM, she was very certain Chris would become very very well acquainted with girls. But not more than they would be with him.
The envelope contained every possible detail about the college, very specific instructions to the students and seemed to take rules very seriously. There had been multiple stories about students being expelled because they refused to follow the rules. All these students happened to be boys, which Chris thought must be a mere coincidence.
One of the main reasons Chris had for choosing CFNM was it's nominal fees. In fact, the students had to bear only the expense of food and travel. The college was apparently funded by a very rich and very powerful society, who made sure that the college was run according to the strict policies they believed in.
The prospectus was very enlightening, and Chris smiled as he went through it. The first few pages contained a description of the college, and letter from the director and introductions of prominent faculty members.
The college believes in maintaining diversity within the student faculty, and due to this, 50% of the seats are reserved for female students. The remaining 50% seats are general seats, and can be allotted to both male as well as female students, at the discretion of the college authorities.
This disturbed Chris a little. There was an obvious leaning towards female candidates and he did not believe in discrimination. He went ahead with the prospectus. The next few pages described the various policies of the college.




















Chris was in panic by now. He had never been very good at sports. He had devoted himself to books, and for good reason. He had tried out soccer once, but he soon gave up, not only because he wasn't very good, but also because the boys were expected to shower after training. The idea of a group shower scared Chris.
His father had passed away when he was 6, and since then only his mother had brought him up. She had given him absolute privacy since he turned 9, and that resulted in him developing an exaggerated sense of modesty. He rarely wandered out of his room even without a T-shirt. But now he would have to select a sport, and actively participate in it. A minor price to pay for getting into one of the best private colleges in the country, he finally decided.
The doorbell rang. Chris had just finished reading the prospectus, and he had fallen in love with his future college. The hostel buildings were very modern, at least from the outside. The swimming pool was Olympic size. There had been a photograph of 4 lifeguards, 2 male and 2 female, standing besides the pool. The photograph only showed them to their waists. The male lifeguards were bare chested while the females wore a yellow one piece, with the word CFNM decorated just above their left breasts. Chris looked forward to seeing these angels in person.
The gymnasium was also very elaborate, and consisted of modern equipment. There were courts for tennis, basketball, soccer as well as volleyball. The various pics showed the students enjoying themselves while playing these sports. But why the guys played soccer and tennis bare chested was beyond Chris. The photos didn't go below the waist, but he assumed the guys wore shorts and track pants. The female students wore a dark blue suit with CFNM written on it. The sports seemed to be unisex, as the photos showed the guys and girls playing together.
"Chris, It's Chrissy!" Eline's voice came from the living room.
Chris immediately jumped out of bed and checked himself quickly in the mirror. Christina, popularly known as Chrissy, was Chris' lifelong friend. They had known each other forever and understood each other like no one else. They were practically inseparable, and their common desire to get into CFNM only drew them closer. But that is where the similarities ended.
Where Chris was an out and out geek, Christina was one of the most popular girls in school. She had all the makings of a head cheerleader. Blonde hair, beautiful eyes and as a result of being a tennis player, legs to die for. To top it off, she had an extremely pleasing personality, and no one could really hate her. Always surrounded by a bevy of people, she was asked out by boys on a daily basis. Yet, the moment she saw Chris, she ditched them all and spent time with him.
Chris had often wondered about their relationship. That a girl like Chrissy would never fall for a guy like him was clear to him. He was more than satisfied with the friendship they had. To him, she was his best friend. And he was sure that the feeling was mutual. They could lie on the couch for hours with heads buried in each others' shoulders talking away all their troubles. He felt very protective of her. He had once strongly disapproved of the football captain Chrissy was dating. Chrissy dumped him the next date.You owe me a prom date, Chris Matheson!Was all she had said. Chris had obliged, and had taken her to prom in style. The smile on her lips was all the reward he needed.
When Chris entered the living room, he saw an envelope in her hand, similar to the one he had received this morning. He immediately understood that his best friend had been accepted into the school of their dreams. He bounded over to her and scooped her up in a tight bear hug. With her soft breasts pressing against his chest, he felt a slight swelling in his crotch. Chrissy too was excited. She gave him a quick peck on his lips, which took Chris aback for a moment. He just put it down to excitement, and put her down.
Sitting on the couch, he wished he had worn more than just shorts and a shirt. He didn't wear underwear while sleeping in the summers, and there was now a noticeable bulge in his shorts. He hoped desperately that Chrissy didn't notice. She was wearing a pair of shirt shorts and a crop top. In the summer wear, she looked nothing short of a model.
"So it seems we'll be together for at least 4 more years!" Chris said with a huge grin. He crossed his legs as discreetly as he could.
"You're stuck with me for life, Chris Matheson!" Chrissy replied, looking at him with fondness.
Eline came back from the kitchen with juice and cookies.
"I must say congratulations to both you guys. You have done me proud, and I'm sure your parents feel the same, darling. Oh shit!" The shout had come because Eline had stubbed her toe on the table, and spilled juice all over her son's clothes.
"Chris, take off that shirt immediately. That's gonna stain, but maybe I can get it in the washer quickly enough."
Chris took off the shirt, and only then realised that Christina was sitting right there. He was stuck. His mother immediately took the shirt and rushed to the washing machine.
"I'll go get a fresh shirt..." Chris said with a slight blush on his face.
"It's really not necessary, you know. It's warm as hell out here, and you might feel better without the shirt." came the reply from Christina. In all their years of friendship, she had rarely seen him without a shirt on, let alone naked. She took the opportunity to admire his body. He wasn't ripped or sport six pack abs. But he was lean, without too much fat. He looked cute. Then she noticed the bulge in Chris' shorts. She was surprised.
"Aren't you wearing underwear, honey?" she couldn't help giggling. She had slept with only guy, for all her popularity, and she was a fan of the male anatomy.
Chris looked down, and a look of shock came over his face. Without saying a word, he rushed to his room to wear a pair of undies, and then decide how to explain the situation. There was a knock on the door, and Chrissy entered without waiting much.
"There's no need to be embarrassed, Chris." He was still in the shorts and bare chested. "I know how the male body works and how...umm...erections are mostly involuntary."
The blush in Chris' face had now turned an alarming shade of maroon.
Chrissy continued, "I really see no reason for you to be shy. After all, we are both going to CFNM. I am gonna see much more of you before the term is out."
Chris looked at her with a puzzled expression.
"Didn't you read the prospectus?" Chrissy asked, sensing that Chris was not getting her.
"I did. It's right there." Chris pointed to his bed. His boner had subsided. He needed the blood in his brain to comprehend what Christina was saying. HE was completely in the dark.
Christina went to the bed and opened the prospectus. First a look of surprise, then laughter.
"What is it?" Chris asked, growing impatient by the second.
"They must have sent different copies to boys and girls. Oh boy Chris...aren't you in for a surprise!" Chrissy laughed, as she went across the room to give a hug to her topless friend and long time crush.