This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities between any character in this story and any real person are coincidental and unintended.
I have a habit of writing stories in series. This story starts another. I apologize that there isn't much sex in this story. The intention is to set the background for later chapters. Comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable, are always welcome. Thank you for reading this. I hope you enjoy it
_______________
I graduated from an elite private law school in Chicago. I took a job as a business and finance associate with an "up and coming" law firm in my hometown, Schuler, Hinman & Rohr. SHR bragged about its service to "the new generation of entrepreneurs." One of its marquis clients was Shawnee Solutions, later renamed S-Sol. S-Sol was a tech company founded by Parni Rava. In a few years, it grew from four friends to 300 employees and was heralded in the national business press as a "leader in Midwestern resurgence."
S-Sol turned out to be a huge scam, like Enron only with more malicious intent. Our business and finance chair, Jeff Hinman, who oversaw SHR's S-Sol work was indicted along with four other lawyers from the firm, Rava, and six other S-Sol executives. The firm was hit with lawsuits claiming billions, including two suits alleging the firm was a "racketeering enterprise." SHR closed its doors and I was out of work.
Like most SHR lawyers, I'd never done any S-Sol work and thought I wouldn't have a lot of trouble finding another job. I didn't understand, initially, how bad the S-Sol scandal appeared. Every lawyer who'd worked at SHR was considered poison by the rest of the legal community, not just locally but nationally. After a few months of unemployment, I was stocking shelves and running a checkout register at a small non-union grocery. My mentor, name partner Miriam Rohr, was selling perfume in a department store.
About a year after my legal career ended involuntarily, I got a letter from a lawyer in Athens, Ohio. The lawyer was representing the estate of my uncle Emile Stone. Emile had died without a will and, as his closet living relative, the estate passed to me. The lawyer described Emile's estate as "not insubstantial" and asked me to contact him immediately.
I hadn't known Uncle Emile well. He was about 12 years older than my father. Emile had been born in the South of France in 1944. My grandparents had gone there from their native Paris when Paris was occupied by the Nazis in 1940. My grandparents did something to help the invading Allies that got them preferential immigration status to the US. They ended up in Cleveland where my dad was born.
Dad had met Mom in college. Mom was from Southwestern Ohio and they moved there after graduation. Dad became a bank executive. Uncle Emile did something connected to importing beer, wine, and foods and spent a lot of time in Europe. I was an only child. Uncle Emile never married and, so far as I knew, had no children. Emile's estate would have passed to Dad, but Dad and Mom were killed in a 50 plus car chain-reaction pile-up on a fog shrouded freeway in Tennessee while I was in law school.
"Not insubstantial" sounded substantial to me since I no longer had a career. I called the lawyer and met him in Athens. Emile had investments of about $ 10 million that threw off annual income between $ 100,000 and $ 150,00, and a house on a farm in the Appalachian foothills about an hour from Athens valued at just under $ 2 million. I'd never heard of a house that valuable in that part of the State.
A real estate appraiser drove me to the house. We followed a US highway to a state route to a county road to a township road. Finally, we turned onto a gravel drive that went about a quarter mile up a hill to a plateau. On the plateau was a brick farmhouse, nice but nothing special, and a small vineyard. The appraiser said, cryptically, "Looks are deceiving," and led me inside the house.
The exterior gave no hint of what was inside. The first floor had a formal dining room and a large kitchen with modern, high-end appliances. The other two rooms (excluding a small commode) on the first floor had been converted to a library: four walls of books from floor to ceiling. Upstairs there was a large bedroom with a huge four-poster bed, a large master bath with a new shower and tub, and a second bedroom that had been converted into another library room. Four more walls of books. The titles I saw on the books on the second floor all appeared to be in French.
The appraiser said, "I saved the best for last" and led me to the basement. I expected a cellar with a furnace and water heater. Those were there in a utility room, but Emile had massively expanded the basement extending it out as a lower floor on the rear of the house. He'd installed a sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and workout room with a big screen TV, exercise bike, and a rack of light dumbbells. The highlight was a small indoor pool, a lap pool really, in a room that opened onto an outside patio overlooking the valley behind the property.
Emile died March. I moved into his house in May. Exploring the house took me to the attic where Emile had put several metal boxes. Opening one, I realized it was airtight. The box was full of letters, handwritten and some many pages long. The letters were organized chronologically starting in May 1976 and ending the preceding August. The letters were in French, which I can't read. The earlier ones were signed "Anna." Just the letter A was signed on the more recent ones.
Another box held six fat photo albums. The first two albums contained the usual vacation-type pictures. I recognized landmarks in London and Paris. There were mountains which I guessed were the Alps. The same woman appeared in a lot of the pictures, sometimes by herself and sometimes with Emile or others. She looked very attractive. She seemed somehow familiar although I had no idea who she was.
The third album surprised me. There were more vacation-type pictures. Most seemed to have been taken in a warm climate. Many were beach scenes. Some were on village streets or in a bar or bakery. Emile and the woman; or just the woman; or Emile, the woman, and others appeared in many of the pictures. The people in the pictures all appeared to be happy. The huge difference between these pictures and the ones in the first two albums was that all the people in all the pictures were naked.
Damn, I didn't know Emile was a nudist. The second album had more pictures of Emile, the woman, and, I assumed, their friends naked in various settings. Many of these pictures seemed to have been taken in resorts of some type. Nudist resorts I assumed. The longer I looked at the woman with Emile, I realized she was very beautiful. She had long, perfectly shaped legs, neatly trimmed pubic hair, narrow hips, a flat waist, larger breasts than I expected. Her face had high cheekbones, a pert nose, a strong chin, and a warm smile. I wondered if she was Anna and what had happened to her.
I felt like a voyeur looking at this aspect of Emile's life I'd never known about and that, I assumed, my father had not known about. However, there was something magical, something I can't articulate, that I felt when I saw Emile and the woman together. That troubled me a little. I put the albums back in their box and re-sealed the box.
I chose a hot day in June to start gaining control of the grass. Emile had only a walk-behind mower despite having a large area to mow. It was around 4:00 p.m. I was sweating profusely behind the mower, wearing only shorts and shoes, when I saw a car coming up the drive.
I walked to the parking area as the car, a generic Japanese compact, stopped. A young woman got out. I guessed her to be about 25. She was roughly five-six or five-seven. She had shoulder-length, slightly wavy, light brown hair. She had a lovely face with high cheekbones, a pert nose, and a strong chin. I couldn't assess her figure because she wore a loose peasant-style blouse and long, flowing skirt.
The young woman gave me a warm smile and asked, "Is this the house of Emile Pierre?" She had an accent that wasn't American. I didn't know what it was.
I recognized the original French version of our family name. My grandparents had simply translated it into English when they came to the US. "This was the home of Emile Stone," I answered. "I live here now. I'm his nephew, Harry Stone."
"Yes," the woman said with a slightly sad tone, "I saw from the public records online that he had passed away. I'm Yvonne Charet." The woman said her name as if expecting me to recognize it. I stayed silent. After a moment, she added, "My mother was Anna Charet." Of course, "Anna" made me think of the letters in the attic. "Charet" seemed familiar, but I couldn't say why.
"I'm aware," I said, "that Uncle Emile had a correspondence with someone named Anna for several decades."
Ms. Charet's warm smile became amused. "Oh," she said, "your uncle and my mother had more than a correspondence. They were lovers for, as you said, several decades."
Shit. Was this Emile's daughter? Was the inheritance that I was getting very comfortable with going to be yanked away? That would have been consistent with my recent luck. "I don't know how to ask this delicately," I said, "are you Emile's daughter?"
Ms. Charet laughed. There was something musical and haunting about that laugh. "No, no," she said. "I'm very certain my father was Francois Charet. He was a banker in Paris until he died a year ago."
In that case, I couldn't guess what this woman wanted with me. To buy time, I asked, "You are French?"
"Yes, I am," Ms. Charet answered.
"You speak English very well," I said.
"Thank you," she replied. "Rather, I suppose I should thank your American universities. I received my bachelor's degree from Brown University and my masters from Johns Hopkins." Now, I was intimidated. I had an ok resume, but not on par with hers.
I bit the bullet. "How may I help you Ms. Charet?"
"My mother died five weeks ago," Ms. Charet said. "She was diagnosed with a bad form of cancer about when my Father died. I knew the end was coming and went back to France to spend her last two months with her. The cancer ravaged her body, but her mind stayed clear. That may not have been the easiest for her, but we talked a great deal and I learned a lot about my family and about her life. She mentioned your uncle very often. He was obviously very important to her. I'm between jobs. I have time. I decided that I wanted to learn more about Emile Pierre."
She seemed very capable and confident, but there was something about Yvonne Charet that made me want to help her. I was having the same feeling I'd had when I looked at the pictures of Emile and this woman's mother together. I was also dirty, tired, and stank. I didn't want my first interaction with her to be under these conditions, but I did want her to come back. "Ms. Charet," I said, "my uncle left things that may be of interest to you. They are stored up in the attic. I'll have to bring them down and put them somewhere you can go through them." I gestured at my dirty body. "I wasn't expecting any visitors today. Could you come back tomorrow, maybe late morning? I will have the things down from the attic and set out so you may look at them."
"Certainly," Ms. Charet said," and I apologize for showing up unannounced. I had seen your name as Emile's heir, but you don't have a listed telephone number."
"Only my cell phone," I said as I pulled my old flip-phone from my hip pocket." Ms. Charet looked at my phone like you'd look at an artifact in a museum.
Ms. Charet started to get back into her car, then stopped. "I drove here from Washington this morning. Could you suggest a place for me to stay?"
I thought aloud. "There's an old motor court in Eden, about five miles south of here, but I don't think anyone goes there unless they're looking for oxycontin," I said. "Your best option is probably in Athens. That's about an hour from here. There's a university there and several hotels and motels. I can write you directions to Athens if you like."
Yvonne Charet pulled an i-phone from her skirt and held it up. "I have GPS," she said, "but thank you." She got in the car and drove off.
I went inside, cleaned up, ate, and poured a glass of wine. After washing dishes, I went up to the attic. Ms. Charet would certainly want to see the letters, so I lugged that box down to the dining room. I went back up to get the photo albums. I thought the woman in the pictures with Emile was probably Anna Charet. Did I show her daughter all six albums? There were two I hadn't gone through yet. I took the two "normal" albums down to the dining room.
Going back to the attic, I decided that I didn't have the right to censor what Ms. Charet saw about her mother. I picked up the other four albums and took them downstairs. I set them on the dining table, apart from the "normal" albums. Back in the attic, I saw another metal box I'd not opened yet. Opening it, I saw expensive looking diaries. Each had a year and the name "Emile Pierre" embossed on the cover. The oldest was 1970. The most recent was that year. I took those downstairs.
Ms. Charet came up the drive around 11:00 the next morning. As I walked out to meet her, she said, "I am very sorry. I meant to be here earlier. I must have set the alarm clock in my room improperly. It didn't go off and I slept until 9:30."
"That is not a problem," I said. "Please come inside." Ms. Charet was wearing a tee shirt and jeans that day. Under the tee shirt were beasts that were not large but were noticeable and in proportion to her body. The jeans covered legs that were slender and relatively long given her height. As I held the door for her, I saw that the jeans also covered a very nice-looking ass.
In the dining room, Yvonne said, "This is splendid! I'd never have expected his from the outside."
"Uncle Emile did a lot of unexpected things to the inside of this house," I said.
"May I see?" Yvonne asked.
I gave her the tour. She looked closely at the books in the upstairs library. "Do you read French?" she asked.
"No," I said.
"Too bad," she replied.
Yvonne was most impressed with the basement. "Do you use the pool?" she asked.
"Yes," I said, "I've been swimming a lot of laps to try to stay fit."
Yvonne looked at me for a second. Walking along the pool, she said, "This is so private. You don't need," she caught herself and didn't finish whatever she started to say. I followed as she walked out onto the patio. "What a nice view!" she said. Looking around, she added, "This is very private too. There's no one to see you out here." I didn't understand the repeated mentions of privacy.
I took Yvonne back to the dining room. I told her, in general, what was there. I left the room as she opened the box holding her mother's letters to Emile.
I thought it would be rude to resume cutting grass. I went into one of the library rooms and pulled out a book Emile had on grape-growing. I was trying to learn what I could do to preserve, or revive, Emile's vineyard.
Sometime in the middle of the afternoon, I heard a sob from the dining room. I rushed in. "Are you alright?" I asked.
Yvonne looked up at me with moist eyes. "Yes, it's just reading my mother's words. I miss her."
I went back into the dining room around 6:00 p.m. Yvonne was only a bit more than halfway through the box of letters. "It's around that time," I said. "May I fix you dinner?"
Yvonne looked at her phone. "My god!" she said. "I had no idea it was that late. I badly lost track of time. No, I can't impose on you. I'd better call the hotel and see if I can get my room back. Will it inconvenience you if I come back tomorrow?"
Sometime during the day, my brain had recognized the fact that Yvonne Charet was a very beautiful woman. Her accent and her very polite manner of speech was, well, sexy. "I don't have a busy schedule," I said. "You're welcome to come back until you've seen everything you wish to see."
"Thank you," Yvonne said. She dialed a call. I stepped out of the room so as not to eavesdrop. It seemed like she made several calls. I couldn't hear what she said, but I sensed a growing tone of frustration in her voice.
Yvonne walked into the library about a half hour latter. "I can't find a room anywhere in Athens," she said. "Some conference started today at the University. How far is Parkersburg, West Virginia? That the only place I could find a room."
"Too far," I said. I paused. "Uh, you're only coming back here tomorrow. It's already after 7:00 p.m. Why don't you stay here? You can use the master bedroom."
Yvonne smiled. "That's very kind," she said, "but where will you sleep? I didn't see a second bedroom."
"There isn't one," I said. "But I've got an air mattress and there's a mat on part of the floor in the exercise room downstairs. That will be fine for me."
Yvonne kept smiling. "It truly will not inconvenience you?"
"Not at all," I said.
"Ok," Yvonne said. "Let me get my bag from the car."
"I'll start dinner," I said. I wanted to impress Yvonne Charet, but I'm not a talented cook. I went with my strong suit and lit the charcoal grill outside. I served grilled steaks, corn on the cob, and a decent California red wine on the patio outside the pool.
We talked over dinner. Yvonne elicited the short version of my life story. I learned that Yvonne had gotten her master's in international relations three years ago, which made her a year or two older than I'd guessed. She'd done "contract work" in D.C. until she went back to France to be with her mother. Apart from ambiguity about what she'd done in D.C., Yvonne was a very engaging conversationalist. She was witty, informed, and willing to listen. She had opinions but supported her opinions with facts. She asked questions and seemed to care about what I said. The first glass of wine became a second, then a third.
Yvonne helped me clean up. It was dark outside now. I opened a second bottle of wine in the kitchen. Yvonne took her glass and started to the dining room. Looking over her shoulder at me, she said, "Come on. Let's see what your uncle has pictures of."
To my relief, Yvonne started with one of the "normal" albums. She recognized many of the places in the pictures and named most of them in a soft voice. Finishing that album, she set it aside and took up one of the nudist albums.
Yvonne started smiling as she flipped through the first few pages. I was sitting across the table from her. Yvonne looked at me. "Harry, come over here," she said. Hesitantly, I stepped around the table and looked over her shoulder. She tapped her finger gently on a picture of Emile and her mother. They were standing naked in what looked like a town street, facing the camera with their arms around each other's backs. In the background, I could see other naked people.
"That's my mother," Yvonne said. I hadn't thought of it before, but looking at the picture, probably at least twenty years old, and at Yvonne, I saw a strong resemblance. I couldn't say Yvonne looked like a woman in a nude picture!
"Do you know where this is?" Yvonne asked.
"No," I said.
"It's a place called Cap d'Agde on the south coast of France," Yvonne said. "It's not far from Montpellier. There's an entire naturist city there, shops, hotels, apartments, restaurants, clubs; and no one has to wear any clothes anywhere in the city."
"From the pictures," I said, "it looks like Anna and Emile went there many times."
"I'm sure," Yvonne said, "Mother loved it there."
"Have you been there?" I asked.
Yvonne looked up at me, straight into my eyes. She smiled. "A time or two," she said. "I'm French. We have a different attitude about nudity than you Americans." Yvonne closed the album. "I must get to bed. I'd like to start early tomorrow so I can get through these things without imposing on you for another night."
The air mattress on the floor wasn't too comfortable. I must have been tired because I was still asleep when Yvonne bounced into the workout room the next morning. "Harry, "she said excitedly, "come upstairs now. You have to see what I've found."
Without even looking up, I said, groggily, "Let me get dressed and I'll be up in a minute." I was growing conscious of the fact that I slept in a very sheer pair of silk shorts and had 'morning wood.'
"Please Harry," Yvonne said. She paused. "I know men wake up with erections. I've seen them before." I should have waited until she left the room, but there was that urge to do what she wanted again. I tossed my light blanket off and rolled over. Yvonne looked down at me, I mean AT ME. She smiled.
As I followed Yvonne upstairs, it registered that she was wearing a short, tight pair of running shorts. She had elegant, smooth legs and, as I noticed the day before, a great ass.
I followed Yvonne into the dining room. In front of her chair sat one of the photo albums I hadn't looked through yet. With a flourish, Yvonne opened the album to a page about a third of the way in.
The photo was black and white. I guessed it had been taken in a studio. It was a full-length picture of Anna and Emile. They were hugging each other very tightly. They both had their faces towards the camera and looked blissful. They were also both naked. Yvonne flipped a page. The next picture was almost the same pose except Anna and Emile were kissing. Yvonne flipped another page. This picture was also black and white. Anna and Emile were lying down, side by side, naked. Emile's right hand was between Anna's legs. Anna's left hand held Emile's erect dick.
Yvonne showed me more pictures in the album: Ana giving Emile oral sex, Emile performing oral on Anna, Emile on top of Anna in missionary position, Anna on top of Emile in "cowgirl" position. The pictures should have seemed pornographic. They didn't. I think it was the expressions on Anna's and Emile's faces that gave the impression they were doing something pure, almost sanctified.
Yvonne hadn't said anything while she showed me the pictures of sex between her mother and my uncle. When she closed the album, Yvonne said, "Aren't those pictures beautiful?"
"Yes," I said. They were. Something else that was beautiful was Yvonne in a tank top with no bra underneath.
"Harry," Yvonne said, "do you mind if I take a swim?"
That seemed to come from left field. "Uh, no, I don't mind," I said.
Yvonne took my elbow. "Come downstairs with me," she said.
We walked back down to the lap pool. Yvonne took a step back. She pulled off her top and dropped her shorts. She wasn't wearing panties. She smiled. "I forgot to bring a suit," she said. She dove in.
I stood speechless as Yvonne swam a lap down and back. She stood in the water in front of me, her arms crossed on the pool deck. Yvonne looked as beautiful wet as she did dry. "Get those shorts off and come in," Yvonne said. I started to move. The invitation wasn't one you decline from a woman that beautiful. Still, I hesitated. "Harry," Yvonne said, "We won't be the first generation of Pierre and Charet to get naked together." I pulled my shorts off. Yvonne giggled and started to swim away. "Catch me," she called.
I dove in. I am a decent swimmer and pulled beside Yvonne in a few strokes. I matched my pace to hers and we reached the other end simultaneously. We stood in the water just an inch or two apart. "Now that you've seen me naked," Yvonne giggled, "what do you think?"
"I think you are even more beautiful than your mother," I said.
That ended her playful mood. "You really think that?" she asked.
"There's no question about it," I replied lamely.
Yvonne closed the distance between us and kissed me. I'm not a believer in the mystical or premonitions, but her kiss felt both light and angelic, and momentous as if it was some watershed moment in history.
Yvonne put her arms gently around my neck. She leaned back and looked in my eyes for a moment. This sounds corny as hell, but I swear there was a special light in her eyes. "Let's go outside and talk Harry," she said.
Yvonne pushed herself out of the pool and walked outside naked. I followed. I'd not gone naked outside before. The breeze on my body felt wonderful.
Yvonne stood with her back to me. Her naked body was, from behind, the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. I felt an almost irresistible compulsion to go to her and wrap my arms around her. Yvonne turned to face me. My perception of her beauty from behind was eclipsed by her beauty when facing me. My rational mind, what little was still working, said no one is perfect but, damnit, Yvonne Charet naked was perfect.
"Harry," Yvonne said, "I haven't been untruthful with you, but I haven't been completely truthful either. Over those months I spent with my dying mother, she told me everything, I think, about her relationship with your uncle. They were passionate and inventive lovers, but their connection was much more than physical. It was, according to Mother, spiritual." She waved her hand. "I know, that sounds like a line from 19th Century novel, but bear with me."
Yvonne turned and walked to the edge of the patio, looking out to the valley. I came beside her. She turned to me. "Mother married my father when she was 18, in 1976. He impressed her. He was of good family and already an important man in business. She met your uncle two months after she married my father. She told me that it was, for her, love at first sight. I think it was for your uncle also. Divorce was out of the question for Mother. She started an affair with your Uncle. Father did not care so long as Mother was there when he needed her. I think, but don't know, that Father had his lovers too."
Yvonne got a sad look. "Mother was 45 and Father was 50 when he decided that they needed a child, someone to carry the Charet name. Mother cooperated and they had me. Despite what you might think from that, Mother was very affectionate towards me and we became very close. She stopped her affair with your uncle for a few years but resumed it as I became old enough to care for myself. Oddly, I never met your uncle. All I know of him is what Mother said and what I saw in those pictures. You must admit that there was a special bond between them. That is obvious in their pictures."
Yvonne paced for a moment. "I told you that Father died a year ago. He was ill for several years before that. Mother quit seeing your uncle to take care of Father. When Father died, your uncle called Mother and asked her to marry him. Mother already knew she was sick. For that reason, she turned your uncle down."
Yvonne came to me and took my hands in hers. "Before Mother died, she told me she had made a great mistake, that the Charet woman was ordained to be with the Pierre man. She told me there was another Pierre man alive. She made me promise to find him. I thought Mother's thinking was clouded, but I promised to find you. I keep my promises." Yvonne's voice took on a passionate, almost pleading, tone. "I didn't believe Mother that I was 'ordained' to be with one specific man until I saw you the day before yesterday. Then, I realized Mother spoke truth, the most important truth ever for us. You felt it too, I could see it in your eyes."
What Yvonne was saying was, of course, fantasy nonsense. But it made sense out of many other things. It explained why my career got cratered; why I was living in Emile's house on his money; what I felt when I saw pictures of Anna and Emile together. It explained what I'd been feeling and stumbling over since I'd met Yvonne two days earlier. It explained, or was the reason, why at that moment I wanted to stay with Yvonne forever.
Yvonne took my silence as a sign of disbelief. "You do feel it Harry, I can tell," she said emphatically.
I raised Yvonne's hands to my lips and kissed them. "I feel it," I said.
A look of relief came over Yvonne's face. She pulled her hands out of mine and wrapped her arms around me. She pressed her nude body tightly to mine. I wrapped my arms around her and held her tightly.
We embraced for probably five minutes, just feeling each other's heartbeats. Then, Yvonne released me and stepped back. She smiled. "There is one other thing Mother told me and made me promise to do," she said.
"What was that"" I asked.
"Mother told me that the Charet woman and Pierre man must have lots and lots of sex. She made me promise that, when I found you, I would make love to you every day for the rest of my life." Yvonne reached out and took my dick in her hand. "That starts right now."
"But..." I started. I didn't have a condom. I didn't know whether Yvonne was on birth control.
"Harry," Yvonne said forcefully, "there can be no disease between us. When we conceive a child, it will be the destiny of the Pierre man and Charet woman that was supposed to be fulfilled by the prior generation."
I reached out and pulled Yvonne to me. I kissed her as she stroked me. I put my hand between her legs. She was wet. Usually, it took me time to get hard, but Yvonne had me there in a few strokes. I put my hands on her bottom and lifted her up. She wrapped her legs around me.
I carried Yvonne off the patio concrete and gently laid her in the grass on her back. Yvonne was smiling. Her legs were spread. She looked more beautiful than anything I've ever seen. I got on my knees and leaned forward over Yvonne. As I entered her, I realized Yvonne was a virgin. "I didn't know it," Yvonne said, "but I was saving myself for you."