Synopsis:
Jeri is 18 and wants to become a famous pornstar, she wants to be the erotic fantasy of thousands of people and she's willing to do anything to achieve her goals. However, she soon realizes that she needs help and when it comes in the form of Michelangelo, "Mikey", a much older, unattractive and yet well endowed man, who claims that he can mold her into a star, she accepts it against all reason, embarking herself on a quest to transform into a (erotic) dream version of herself, Jules Sperme, a girl with a tattoo of a giant octopus spreading its tentacles from her asshole, where its mouth is depicted, to her buttocks, lower back and thighs.
To launch her career and create a fan base to make it last, they come up with a fictional backstory: Jules had to become a stripper when she got kicked out from her conservative parents' house for her "freak boyfriend", an older tattoo artist, who eventually becomes jealous and publishes a sex tape for revenge after being dumped. The success of the video, however, makes the fictional Jules realize that she could have a career in porn and finally getting the fake boobs she craves so much.
As for now, the real Jules has made most of this story come true: she works as a stripper and she has published her fake sex-tape. Can dreams coexist with reality though?
In this chapter:
GOTCHA! Jeri's old life catches up, as her high school friend discovers her first porn video, while Morgan, the stripper who fancies herself the alpha-dog of the strip club, exacts her revenge against our girl for wearing a jeweled butt-plug at work. To make matters worse, Mikey is a literal ocean away! And yet, Jules is not as alone as she thinks...
Fetishes and WARNING:
Piercings,smoking fetish, exhibitionism, tattoos.
This story is not meant to give a realistic or accurate portrait of the internal workings of the sex industry, it's just a fantasy.
************
He made me
7. Jules' highs and lows
"Jeri, you there?"
Fuck fuck fuck! React, damn it! But how? One of my high school friends had stumbled on my porn video! How do you respond tothat?
No, wait, she thought it was a doppelganger…
Unless she was toying with me, perhaps because she wasn't one hundred percent sure of her suspicions!
Would Amy do that?
She could be mean…
But never with friends. No, I had to believe that my blue hair and the new piercings and tattoos truly had misled her and that, by the way, could be my one chance at containing this thing!
"Yeah, sorry, but this is… Eerie! She does look like me!" I replied, pretending to be watching the video to take time. "She's hot, though!"
As crazy as it sounds, I needed to know what she thought of Jules. She had called her "disgusting" and "freak", sure, but maybe she was exaggerating just to make her anecdote more interesting. Perhaps she would like the new me…
Or perhaps not: those adjectives hadn't been chosen randomly, they came from deeply ingrained ideas of decency which didn't allow for people like me.
"Just 'cause you are, girl! I don't know, if one likes these alternative types, I guess…"
Ok, from the tone of her voice, at least now I was confident that she didn't really suspect me. Was it too hard to imagine little old Jeri doing something this crazy? Had I been that boring?
"Perhaps I should write her and meet!" I went on, not really knowing what to say.
"Ah, I don't think it's possible: it was actually revenge porn, so she didn't post it! Poor girl…"
That comment warmed my heart: at least she wasn't slut-shaming Jules!
It was time for the big question. With my heart pounding so hard that my head felt about to explode, I took such a big drag from my cigarette that I burned it to the filter and I finally asked:
"And what did the others say?"
"Oh, I haven't heard from them in ages!" she replied a little sad. "Anyhow, I was thinking that we could prank them: I could send them the link and tell them that you went crazy and had a… Well, I guess an early-life crisis and became this chick!"
I had to lie on the bench for that, to avoid fainting.
"That would be so fun, but if somebody slips with my parents, it might kill them!" I replied out of breath: could she hear how much my voice was quivering?
"Yeah, you are right, I don't want to put you in more trouble. How are things with them, by the way?"
Phew! I lit up another cigarette and collapsed on the bench: the last few minutes had drained me.
"They aren't. I've not heard from them in months. We are a very stubborn family. My sister says that they pretend I don't exist."
Which reminded me: Cara didn't watch porn, right?
"So, where are you? What are you doing? You disappeared!" she asked, a little worried.
I gave her the same answer I used with my little sister:
"I'm in California, waitressing like there's no tomorrow in San Diego, figuring out life."
"Cool, cool," she replied, failing miserably at not sounding pitiful.
I needed a break from this torture, so I asked:
"And you? Tell me about this Jaden guy!"
The dam opened and a deluge of words swept me over, but that was okay, because it allowed me to steer away from dangerous topics that would force me to lie and risk being exposed.
When it was finally over, I wanted to puke. I felt stupid, and scared, and stupid and so damn lonely! Did I mention stupid? What had I been thinking? I had left with the plan of becoming a porn star and keep it hidden from everybody, but now I was wearing my career, it was literally and permanently inked on my body! There was no hiding for me! What in the world was I going to do? I felt so confused, so lost!
"Why?": this question kept popping in my mind, interrupting every thought, making it impossible to clear my mind. The Jeri in me was asking why I had done such a stupid thing as changing my looks forever. She was panicking, full of regrets and ashamed. The part of me that was Jules was instead wondering why it was occurring to me only now that these would be the consequences and why I cared so much, since now I looked awesome. She was ashamed too, but for my weakness and lack of pride.
The truth was that being in another city, surrounded by new people, had given me the illusion that I was living in a parallel universe, Jules' universe, and had allowed me to bury all these worries about my previous life very deep. Mikey had urged me to think that way and maybe I should've been mad at him for that, but his influence had set me free! For once, I had just done whatIwanted to do, instead of what everyone else wanted me to do. The only thing to really be angry about was how unfair life was.
"Why can't I just be who I wanna to be?" I whined out loud, beginning to cry pitifully.
These words echoed in my head, setting a rhythm for my sobbing, while I saw through the haze of my tears passersby looking at me, perhaps even empathizing with me, but unable to do anything about it.
Venting that way brought some clarity. I had made my own bed: the original plan wasn't viable anymore, I couldn't make my two lives coexist and I had actually chosen one, Jules', because deep down I knew that, no matter the obstacles I was facing presently, that was the only path that could eventually lead me to happiness. So, for now I had kept Jeri's world away, but the day would come in which I had to reveal myself to everybody and, in all likelihood, loose them all. That was just how it was and I had to face it: even Amy, who was an otherwise loyal friend, couldn't help but judge Jules. Actually, since she didn't understand me anymore, I had to start considering her already lost.
So, I really ought to make Jules' life work, then, because there was no backup now, I was all in.
And I was crying alone. Jeri would've had someone to console her, but as Jules I didn't have any real friends apart from Mikey, who would be away for two weeks.
Right then I felt a terrible chill in my heart. Mikey liked me. He loved having sex with me, sure, but he truly enjoyed our time together, I could see it: I was a fantasy come true, mine and his, after all. And yet he hadn't made me really privy of his life. I was living in his house, but there was always an invisible barrier between us. His vacation was a perfect example: a bomb dropped out of nowhere. As intimate as we had grown, we didn't have a real intimacy.
Same story with Patrick: he was fascinated by how adventurous I was, I could make him laugh and cum so hard that he was ready to work for hours just to have me, but in the end he had rejected me. Jules was a fantasy for him too, the girl who loved anal, but that was it. No matter how much you love a fantasy, how important it is for you, after you cum, you go on with your ordinary life, and there was no place for extraordinary Jules there.
Why were people so obsessed by reality? Why couldn't they settle for the fantasy? I had done it! I decided tobeJules, not toplayJules, I had burned every chance to go back. Who wouldn't want to do that?
These questions didn't find an answer either then, at the beach, or later, when I went back home after having left all my tears by the ocean.
When Mikey called, later that evening, I didn't tell him any of what had happened. Perhaps I felt embarrassed that I hadn't foreseen such an obvious development: after all, he had just disseminated my video everywhere on the internet exactly to make sure that as many people as possible would see it, and that inevitably included those who knew me! He immediately suspected that something was off, however, but I managed to convince him that I was just lonely, which was a version of the truth anyway.
The rest of the night was dedicated to smoking and depressingly watching a TV show I didn't really like, but the morning after I decided that I had moped enough! I had to remember my original plan: in order to deal with the stigma of being a sex worker I had to surround myself with people who were positive about it, and the best way to find them was to look among fellow sex workers! There had to be people like me, somewhere, and I would find them!
Driving in the night towards the club was my favorite ritual. It was all about setting the mood and reminding myself that, whenever I danced on the stage, I had all those men at my feet, both literally and figuratively. So, I usually cranked the volume of the radio all the way up to the maximum and put my egg vibrator between my legs in such a way that the stimulation would be faint, so that it would fill me with sexual energy without any risk of accidents.
That night, however, there was another reason to harness that confidence, besides making money rain: it was time to get out of my shell and make some friends, besides Lotus! After the first few conversation attempts with the other strippers, I had basically given up on getting to know new people at the club. In complicated environments like that, it was a tendency of mine to find those I immediately clicked with and stick to hanging with them. That was Jeri, though: as Jules, I wanted to be better.
As soon as I arrived, I started with the bouncer, Teddy, a big, muscular bearded man that could squeeze someone's balls just with an angry stare, as I had witnessed him doing more than once: with the excuse of needing a lighter, I tried to light up a conversation too. Apparently he had fought with his boyfriend and so he vented with me a little. Wait, if he was gay, that meant that this terrifying man was technically a Teddy "bear"! This thought almost made me laugh quite inappropriately, but he didn't notice and in the end I even gave him some advice.
The house-mom didn't let me have nearly as much satisfaction, because there was the grumpy one that night on duty.
"Hi everyone!" I said very cheerfully entering the crowded changing room.
Several other smiles met mine:
"Are you high or something?" chuckled a girl, whose name was something like Sammy, or Sandy.
Perhaps I had exaggerated a little, so I just shrugged:
"Just feeling good!"
Since everyone was busy taking out outfits, fixing makeup and whatnot, I decided to get ready too and headed to the showers: my octopus needed its glimmering pacifier!
When I walked out of the stall still naked and fumbling with my towel, I found Lotus in her bathrobe staring at me.
"Oh dear me," she said in the flattest, most inexpressive tone, pretending to be shocked and covering her eyes.
Trying not to laugh, I shrieked and covered my boobs. She smiled shyly in a way that reminded me of children, when they do it knowing that they shouldn't, because they have been naughty.
"See you on the floor then," she said, taking my place and then flashing me just before she closed the door, her straight face as usual not matching the scene.
Back in the changing room I put on my outfit and did my makeup. All my heroic attempts at smalltalk with the two girls on my sides were rewarded by polite but measly monosyllabic answers. It was a bummer, but they were kind of busy anyway. Besides, there were plenty of other strippers I could make friends with on the floor, which now was probably almost empty anyway. Not to mention the waitresses.
One of the golden rules to make money stripping is "don't give the club more money than they already take from your garter", which is a nice way to say that you have to be kind of cheap and never buy anything there. For that reason I had always steered away from the bar, unless it was needed to hook up with some guy. This way, however, I had missed a way to socialize with my coworkers. So there I was, with my alcohol-free drink, trying to understand how to approach the other strippers: they were annoyingly all chatting with someone else!
"What does a girl like you do in a place like this?" said a masculine voice at my side: Terry, one of the bartenders.
"Trying to make friends, but they are all talking all the time and I don't know how to find my way in!"
"Now you know how it feels for us guys!"
"Aw, poor darlings!" I mocked him.
"That's very true. Anyhow, don't worry, at a certain point they will have to stop talking!"
They didn't, but at least I got to know a little more about Terry.
My stage show put me in a better mood: there was a guy who kept tipping as if he was in the middle of an auction war! So, after a quick bathroom break, I immediately reached him.
"Hi, I'm Azure! Did you like the show?"
My admirer, a very skinny and tall man, seemed very uneasy, but that was nothing new: it had happened before with other customers who were first-timers.
"Is this your first time here, babe?" I asked with a warm smile, sitting down next to him and putting my hand on his.
He quickly retracted his hand, as if I was radioactive.
"I'm sorry, I can't do this…"
I was at a loss. What just happened?
"Ok, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you. I'll leave you alone, but can I just ask what I did wrong? You seemed to really like me until a few minutes ago…"
"Look, I don't judge, but honestly I don't want to help you kill yourself," he replied defensively.
The muscles in my forehead were about to have a cramp in their effort of raising my eyebrows.
"Come again?"
He looked around and then whispered furtively:
"I know you do drugs and you are such a nice young lady… I don't want to finance something that is going to ruin your life."
"Yeah, that's noble, but the thing is, I don't do drugs. What makes you think that?"
Surely not my "alternative" appearance, considering how he'd been ogling me!
"Well, I don't want to rat anyone out…" he mumbled uneasy.
Morgan! I knew it! I mean, there was no way of telling for sure, but I knew it was her: the fucking bitch was spreading rumors now! Oh, I was so gonna smack her stupid face for this! But first, I was going to prove who was best at this game! So, being careful not to blink in order to irritate a little my eyes, I looked around and saw the cunt talking to another customer and giving a peek in my direction every once in a while. Now my eyes were all watery and I could begin my act:
"Why everyone hates me here?" I whined, tearing up and staring at him.
"Oh, no, sweetie, I don't hate you, I'm just trying to help," the man hastily clarified, spurred by guilt.
"No, you are helping them! I'm not an addict! The girls in this club decided for some reason that they don't like me and now they are doing everything they can to prevent me from making any money and kick me out!"
The guy was still skeptical, but real tears were now flowing down my cheek: I was kind of an expert on this technique!
"Why do you even believe them and not me? Who goes around and tells people whether their colleagues are junkies? God! Why do you think I haven't been fired if that was true? Don't you see that they are using you to sabotage me?"
Yeah, now it was dawning on him, the genius.
"Oh, I hadn't–"
Should I have used the pity card now? Tell him that I needed the money to, I don't know, escape abuse? Nah, that was something an addict would do.
"And the worst part is that it's everyone! And I don't know why! Everyone hates me: the strippers, the waitresses and now the customers too! I'm sorry…"
At that I got up, sniffled and headed towards changing rooms.
"Wait, wait!" he hissed. "I'm sorry, alright? Look, why don't you let me offer you a drink?"
I just nodded and sat back down, blowing my nose on a napkin.
"Will you think that I'm an addict if I tell you I really like Coke?" I blurted, bursting in a shy laugh.
That made him smile too and lightened up the atmosphere: if I wanted him to buy entertainment from me, I needed to be a little entertaining, other than pitiful.
When my Coke arrived we talked a little: he shared his name, Bill, and I, feeling that he was curious about my situation, shared the episode that had started the feud, when Morgan basically accused me of being a whore just because I always wore a jeweled butt-plug at the club. It was a good occasion to arouse him without losing the pity angle and the truth (or at least a version of it) always worked better than any lie anyway.
"I mean, I've been slut-shamed so many times and I thought that this would be a safe environment for people with a stronger sexual drive, you know? And instead same shit, different place!"
"Yeah, that's weird! But girls are known to be mean with each other…" he commented, trying to look shrewd.
After that, I made him talk about himself a little and some time later I was walking hand in hand with him towards the lap dance area. I couldn't spot Morgan anywhere, but I really hoped that the bitch was watching me prevail: in the end, he bought 15 minutes worth of lap dances.
"Hey, how jealous do you think she will get, if I go in the changing room and fan myself with the bills you gave me in front of her?" I whispered to his ear as I led him back to the main floor, with a naughty smirk.
"Man, I wish I could see that!" he chuckled.
"And all thanks to you, my hero!" I replied, giving him a kiss on the cheek and making him blush.
And that's how you get regulars! Now, time to find the bitch and god help her when I did!
"Smoke break!" a familiar voice announced, taking my arm.
Lotus. I wanted to talk about what had just happened, but as soon as I saw her face, I had to say:
"Damn, you look cool tonight!"
Whereas she usually wore very little makeup, that day a holographic lipstick made her lips shimmer in a rainbow of colors under the lights of the club, and the elegant shape of her almond-eyes was highlighted by a pink eyeliner blending into a golden metallic eyeshadow that had green and pink reflections depending on the angle from which you looked. Her cheekbones had a sort of iridescent colored sheen too.
"Yeah?" she replied, with an unusual excitation.
Concentrate Jules!
"Yeah… Look, have you seen Morgan anywhere?"
"Come smoke with me," she repeated resolutely, tightening her grip on my arm and leading me towards the exit: since when we smoked in the parking lot?
"What's happening?" she asked, taking the words out of my mouth, as she lit up the cigarette dangling from my lips. "I overheard a couple of girls in the changing room claiming that you were a junkie and now you seem on the verge of murder."
As she spoke and the truth dawned on me, I felt my spirit crumble: so when I said hello and they smiled… One of them had actually asked me if I was high! They were making fun of me! Morgan had convinced all of them… I wanted to die, right there and then.
"Azure?"
"It's Morgan, she must've worked on this for a while now… That's why all the strippers stare at me all the time… I thought it was because they agreed with her about the butt-plug, but she's been going around telling people that I'm a junkie! And they believe her! A customer didn't want a lap dance because he thought he was paying for my next fix!"
"The bitch…" Lotus commented.
Tears blurred her face and then everything, acting like a film transition between the parking lot and the flashback that started to play in my mind. So many details were finally making sense! For example, when Terry had told me that one day they would stop talking, he meant behind my back!
How ironic! I had believed that I was good at spinning lies to my customers because I could draw inspiration from the truth, but I was actually the one who couldn't tell the difference! When I had told Bill that everyone hated me, I thought I was telling a lie, while instead I had unwittingly guessed the truth! The humiliation was unbearable, now I only wanted to run away, no matter the fee for not completing the shift!
"I didn't know, I'm so sorry," Lotus added and then she did something much more effective to make me feel better: she hugged me tightly and let me cry on her beautiful tanned shoulder.
After a few minutes I calmed down and regained my composure.
"You know what? If she thinks that she's going to drive me out of her stupid turf with cheap tricks like this, she's sorely mistaken!" I said resolutely, sniffling. "I turned the tables immediately with the guy and after a few minutes I had him wrapped around my finger!"
"Yeah, I saw: you were amazing, you won!" Lotus added, a little too hastily and uncharacteristically emphatically to be spontaneous.
"Oh no, it's not over, as soon as I find her…" I growled.
"She will finally get to enact the second part of her plan to get you fired," she completed, putting her hands on my shoulders and looking at me in the eye. "Azure, don't you see? She's cleverer than you think. She wants you to attack her."
Of course!
"Thebitch!" I hissed, blushing for my naivety.
"Please don't do anything stupid, you are kinda the only friend I've got," she begged, albeit with her usual flat tone.
"And you are a great friend, not just kinda," I whispered hugging her again.
Lotus answered with a shy smile.
"So, what should I do?" I asked then.
"Ignore her and show that no matter what she does, you make a ton of money. She thinks that she has all this power here… This will actually piss her off without putting you in trouble. Remember that she's the owner's daughter: they will always believe her over you."
Wait, what? No way… She couldn't be…
"You mean Dana? She's Dana's daughter?" I squealed.
"Uh, I don't know her name, she's a redhead too, in her forties…"
I slapped my forehead: I had even noticed the resemblance the first night I had met her! My nemesis was the frigging daughter of my frigging pole dance teacheranddear friend of Mikeyandpart owner of the club! Of all the people in that damn place, I was about to pick a fight with her! Nice, real nice! Why lately everything seemed just a silly mistake away from going epically shitways?
Lotus helped me fix my makeup and hide the fact that I had cried, so that I was in (metaphorical) fighting shape again. Back inside, it all seemed so clear now: Morgan was truly the queen of the place. Everyone appeared to know her and be in a good relationship with her. Whether because they were afraid of her or they genuinely liked her didn't matter: the only relevant consequence was that they were all on her side. And yet I had someone on mine too, Lotus, who was worth ten of them.
Anyhow, even though I was in a terrible mood, I lucked out with a guy who took me to the private room for a whole hour, allowing me to make a lot of money and, at the same time, tune out the club, so that the night still turned out a profitable one. Anyway, I decided to call it a little early, in order to avoid meeting any of the other strippers in the changing room, and I bolted home.
Considering the amount of cash I had in my wallet, according to Mikey's rules I had earned an orgasm, but that didn't cheer me up either. Instead of him, I would have to get it from a vibrator, but an object could give you a climax, not a reward: only Mikey could make me feel great and accomplished that way. Also, I was in dire need of being cuddled. With a hint of anger I hoped that at least the old fatso was missing me at least as much as I was missing him!
The day after, when he called me, I omitted the incident from my account of the night, adding a new item to the heap of things I'd been hiding. The last thing I wanted was for him to know that without my mentor I was crumbling down, and quite fast at that.
In the afternoon I tried to relax a little by exercising at the pole. Physical activity always made me feel better, but when I turned off the music and fetched my phone, the notifications on my screen drained my strengths much more than the pole had done:
"Hey, I've been thinking about our last call… It was so nice hearing from you again! I miss being part of your life! You never even post anything online anymore…"
Amy. She hadn't bought my story. Sure, she phrased it like a worried friend, but deep inside I was sure that she had some suspicions. So, I flopped on the bed, in a catatonic state that was at odds with my fast heartbeat. I didn't even cry or anything, I just felt… Defeated by the universe. Every single fucking day a new punch in the stomach!
After what seemed ages, I found the strength to come up with an answer:
"I feel the same, but… Right now my life isn't exactly glamorous and… I'm kind of ashamed."
Nice, humiliation, exactly what I needed.
"Hey, everyone falls on hard times sooner or later, but that's exactly when you need your friends the most! I'm here for you, girl!"
Was she though? Would she, if she found out what I was actually doing?
As I idly swiped our messages, I saw the selfies we used to exchange to share our experiences, back when I had no secrets with her. Simpler times… Wait!
"You know what? You are right. Life is already depressing enough without me telling myself that I'm a loser. Tomorrow I'm going to do something for myself, a day trip or something," I wrote.
Perhaps the habit was too ingrained in me, but I had never stopped taking selfies and documenting all the exciting moments in my life: I could recycle some of those I had taken before meeting Mikey, with my old look, and send them to Amy pretending that they were shot in present-day San Diego!
"That's great!" she replied.
"But first, let me show you my mansion!" I added, attaching a picture of my first shitty apartment.
After that, we ended up texting about life in a dorm, while I listed the photos in my phone and made a plan to eke them out in our future exchanges. For example, my touristy selfies in famous places in Los Angeles could be spun as the day trip I had hinted about earlier! And I could go on with this for a while: the following week I would tell her that I decided to make my place more homey and send a picture of my decorations for the old apartment!
That was not a solution, that was delaying the inevitable, I realized when my screen started to show pictures of a much cooler girl than Jeri, with turquoise hair and no fear of being awesome… One day at a time, I reminded myself dispirited.
That evening, for the first time, I wasn't feeling much like going to work and I even considered skipping my shift, but then I realized that this would make Morgan happy and there was no way in hell I would allow that! I also thought about working in another club, but that wasn't fair either: the Connoisseur was nice and I wanted to work with Lotus! Another possible solution to our unspoken war could be that I stopped wearing a butt plug… Well fuck that too! No compromises, not with such a bitch!
As combative as I began the night, back at the club the embarrassment got the best of me. It wasn't just that everybody apparently had a terrible opinion of me, it was also that I hadn't properly fought back: I wasn't on the ground, but still I was just standing. Not weak, but not strong either. So, trying not to look at anybody in the eye, I just rapidly got dressed and went to the floor: I would wait for my turn on the stage hustling the whole time.
Well, trying to. My game was totally off: customers seemed to find me boring, or annoying. One even told me:
"Go get some boobs and then come back to me."
My usual reaction would have been flipping him, but not that night, that night it stung.
Lotus had disappeared very soon. Should I have waited for her in the changing room? Was she offended that, after being such a good friend, I had been avoiding her? I wasn't though! Well, maybe a little: sadness is a beast that likes to feed itself. Was I losing her too? Every shitty scenario seemed possible now.
The night proceeded just as bad, and around 2 A.M. I was raking a few crumpled dollar bills from the tipping rail after a completely uninspired second stage show, when a rowdy group entered the club. Bachelor party. That was a challenge that I had not yet tackled as a stripper. Despite what may seem from my actions and my story, I am a shy person. Well, perhaps not properly shy, because as long as the interaction is with one or two people I'm kind of confident. Walking into a crowd to talk to someone, however, terrifies me and turn me into a clumsy, boring blob.
Other strippers avoided those parties too, but some of them were attracted to them like bees to honey: apparently you could make serious money out of those drunk, loud and frankly a little scary guys. Our strip club had a whole room just for such occasion, where you could take strippers and have your celebration in private. Not a wild thing like the parties organized by agencies that you could have in a hotel, where I heard that girls allowed guys to lick whipped cream from their nipples or even use sex toys on them, but still quite fun, especially if you had had your fill of alcohol in a bar already and you were an unorganized best man.
Oh, there was Lotus. What in the world was she doing around them? She hated that kind of clients even more than me. Probably it was just a coincidence, and I really needed a cigarette now, so I walked towards her. Wait, had I finally become a real smoker now, addicted to nicotine? There was no time to ponder on that:
"Hey, if you really want one for every race, you need a white girl! What about Azure?" she proposed to a tall, lanky young guy, the best man in all likelihood, as soon as she saw me.
"Oh, geez, why are we being racist now?!" the groom was complaining, hiding his face with his hands and sitting on a chair, while another dude was giving thwacks on his back, sadistically enjoying his embarrassment.
"Yeah, a punk girl seems fun!" the best man approved.
My mouth opened, but Lotus quickly came to my side and took my hand, whispering:
"Come on, we can do this!"
It was a lot of money, after all:
"Yeah, let's have fun!" I exclaimed, perhaps not very believably.
We followed the group to the "party room", which was fancier than all the others and decorated with a golden mosaic all over. One of our customers was a woman! Perhaps she was a lesbian. Straight women in strip clubs were a mystery to me: why would anyone take their girlfriend there? Anyhow, besides us, there were two other strippers: a Hispanic girl who went by the name Lara and, of course, Vanessa, the cunt who had run to Morgan to complain about my butt plug. Wonderful.
As soon as we entered, bottles of vodka appeared from nowhere. That surprised me at first, because at the Connoisseur we couldn't sell alcoholic beverages, but I figured that one could bring their own.
Both I and Lotus had no idea what to do, but thankfully Vanessa did and she explained the idea as we huddled like football players:
"Ok, basically the goal is to embarrass and arouse the groom, while we give his friends a sexy show. It's a fine balance, so try and be classy," she whispered, looking straight at me.
I didn't dignify that with a reply.
"Also, they will be handsy and expect more contact than usual. I'm sure it won't be a big deal," the bitch added, again looking at me, "but if it's too much, just pretend you have to entertain the next guy."
There were eight of them and four of us, after all.
The first thing we did was to arrange the chairs in a circle for everyone except the groom. Taking one of his arms each, Vanessa and Lara brought him to the center, while I and Lotus followed. Sure, he was embarrassed, but that didn't stop him from groping the girls' asses in the process. Well, things were just about to get even better for him. I turned on the music with a remote and the lucky guy found himself surrounded by four hot girls dancing around him, touching him and kissing him everywhere, even on the mouth (talk about classy, Vanessa!), while he did the same with us.
Whistles and minds were blown as our clothes slowly fell to the ground. As usual everyone was fascinated by my octopus and even more by my plug. Curiously, however, the groom was intimidated by our growing nudity and that's when I had real fun for the first time that night: the more embarrassed he grew, the more we made sure to brush against him as we danced. We played with his hair, we undid his tie and toyed with it, we passed our hands on his chest and back, we slapped him with our panties and bras and so on: I loved being so mischievous!
Since no more than two at a time could do that, the other two could dance for the rest of the audience. My lingerie, for as long as I had it on, got decorated by bills quite fast: that's why the other strippers wanted this job! I also noticed that the woman was thoroughly enjoying the show, so I imagined that she was at least bi.
In the meantime, the best man was spiking with vodka the drinks that had been brought by a waitress. We danced naked around the groom for a little while and then the best man offered him and us glasses, insisting that we drank. Even though I was 18, I finished mine anyway. My first, believe it or not: alcohol had never particularly fascinated me.
We proceeded to play a series of games, where one of us made the groom do silly things while the others entertained the rest of the guys. Every time I saw Vanessa, I was reminded how much it hurt being rejected by my coworkers. The best man, in the meantime, kept offering us drinks, which I gladly accepted as an antidote to her presence: I just wanted to stop thinking about my shitty life and have fun, as it used to be before at the club!
"You approve our choices, Betty?" a man was asking the woman, who was tipping me generously while I danced on her lap.
"Hell yeah! This one's good!" she answered, fondling my boobs.
"Thanks, you are my first girl, you know?" I murmured sultrily, playing with her long curly hair.
"No, I'm not!" she replied, slurring a little.
"Seriously, I'm kind of new and usually here's a sausage fest!" I said, giggling uncontrollably for my silly joke and realizing just then that I was probably drunk.
"I'm not your first girl, you can't lie to my gay-radar! It's beepin' like crazy!"
"Yeah? How so?" I asked, a little curious.
"I saw the way you look at the Asian girl, Lotus or what's her name," Betty replied with a huge grin.
"You got me!" I revealed, feeling control over myself slipping more and more. "She's so fucking hot!"
There, I had said it. Ever since we had had that kiss in the room adjacent to the one I was now in, I had started feeling a tingling inside whenever she was around. Was I bi? Or was it just a fetish, like for men who liked watching girls having sex with each other? Knowing myself and the amount of porn I had watched and let influence me, the latter wasn't all that unlikely.
Anyway, the question never received an answer because, as the night progressed, I got drunker and drunker, until everything was just a haze…
I woke up and I wish I didn't. The headache I had was epic. Everything was so confused! I had no idea of what time it could be or even what day, for that matter. The only thing I knew for sure was that light was my enemy. Perhaps that was the reason why it took me so long to register a precious detail of what I had seen when I had peeked into the world for a brief moment. The ceiling! It was white, why was it white? I was pretty sure that I had painted it lilac too, like the walls…
My heart sank when I painfully opened my eyes again. That wasn't my room and therefore that wasn't my bed. Also, I was naked. I couldn't possibly have slept with a customer, right? What if they had an STD? My career would be over! And even if he hadn't one, it was such a bad idea sleeping with a client, the umpteenth screw-up in the worst week ever!
I slowly turned my head to the left. A nightstand, a wardrobe… My butt-plug! Fuck fuck fuck! I felt dying inside, as I turned right, and I saw the silhouette of another person sleeping peacefully on my right, partly hidden by a bed sheet and a pillow.
The smell of weed in the room should've given it away immediately, but I was too out of it to make the connection. Raising my head a little I finally saw their face: Lotus!
"Thank god!" I gasped, relieved.
"You are awake…" she mumbled, with a smile, rolling over: she was naked too!
And… Back to panic!
"Yeah, hi, sorry, but I don't really remember… What happened last night? Did we…" I asked, blushing and pointing a finger back and forth at her and me.
"I wish," she yawned, for my great relief.
"So… Why am I naked?"
"You insisted," she replied with nonchalance, propping herself on an elbow and fetching a packet of cigarettes. "You tried very hard to have sex with me. You are not great at seducing women, though."
I almost spit out the cigarette she was lighting up for me.
"I mean, you started well, 'Teach me how to love a woman' was a great line, but then, after I told you that you were too drunk, you put your finger in your kitty and then you offered it to me, saying: 'But I taste great: here, have a free sample!'"
Now I knew how the groom had felt the night before, because I had a sudden urge to cover my face. Unless…
"Oh, you are bullshitting me!" I shouted triumphantly, hating myself for the noise immediately after.
"You do taste good, though," she replied very seriously instead. "I liked the free sample."
As usual, her face and tone were perfectly inexpressive, so that there was no way of telling whether she was joking or not. I was about to rule in my favor just not to feel ashamed, when a vague memory of the scene came back to me.
"Oh, god, Lotus, I'm so sorry, this is so embarrassing!" I murmured, covering my eyes with my hand.
"No, it was kinda funny, really. And frustrating. I hate my stupid conscience. Anyhow, we negotiated down to sleeping both naked with me spooning you."
"Shit! I didn't mean to force you like that, I swear!"
She shrugged disarmingly as usual:
"I liked spooning you."
In the midst of all that embarrassment, that detail warmed my heart. I wished I could remember the sensation! We smoked in silence for a while, until I was ready for the hard truth.
"So, what happened last night?"
"Well, we didn't drink so much, but I guess you have a low tolerance, because when the party was over you were plastered. I wanted to call you a cab or at least get you home with my car, but you kept refusing to tell me where you live, something about not being allowed… So, I asked you if there was somebody you could call and you said that there wasn't. You also failed five times to unlock your phone, so now you can't use it. So, since the night was over anyway, I took you here."
"You dragged me to your car?"
For a crazy moment I imagined petite Lotus holding me in her arms like a firefighter.
"Oh no, you could sorta walk. You were chatty too: you kept muttering about becoming a porn star, how close you had come to being discovered by your friends and family and stuff like that. Oh, and you kept shushing me. Like, me a lot."
"I told youthat?" I said, incredulous.
"Yes, and you hurt my feelings just now," she replied flatly, as if nothing had happened.
Fuck! Of course I had! She had brought me in her home and I was still not trusting her?
"No, wait, I didn't mean…" I fumbled. "No, I actually meant it. I didn't want you to know about my personal life. You are a good friend and I'm a piece of shit. It's just that I have all these secrets to keep and…"
She didn't flinch.
"The fact is, this thing we have is not a real friendship, because it doesn't exist outside the club. We don't even know our real names!"
Lotus lowered her eyes, but I lifted her chin and, gathering my courage, I added:
"So, if you'll let me, I'd like to make it real. My name is Jeri Brooks, but I go by Jules, because… Well, I'll explain it better later, but let's just say that I prefer Jules," I said, extending my hand.
"I'm Yeh Mei, but I like Lotus better anyway. I'll explain too," she replied, shaking it with a smile and an uncharacteristic enthusiasm.
"Ok, so the reason why I didn't want you to bring me home is the following…" I started and then I told her everything and I meaneverything, all my story from the day I left my hometown to the day I published my first porn. Nobody, except Mikey, knew all of it, and it was a great relief to finally say it out loud.
I took a big risk by doing it, but she was the right person. Most people would have reacted in some sort of way to my story, almost all negatively, especially considering Mikey's role. Lotus didn't. She just asked, at the end:
"It's a kinda convoluted way to get into porn, isn't it?"
"Getting in is easy. It's remaining in and making a long career that is hard," I explained.
"Thanks you for trusting me, it means a lot," she replied, looking at me with an intensity that she had never shown before.
As terrible as the morning had started, now I felt great: I had a friend now, a real and good one, as Jules. The new me wasn't alone anymore!
"I'm sorry, my head is killing me, do you have anything to make it stop?" I asked, gaining confidence.
"I have a pretty sharp knife in the kitchen, so don't worry, everything is going to be over soon," Lotus replied very seriously, caressing my neck.
We looked at each other for a few seconds and then I burst into a laugh. Every time I was regaining my composure, I looked at her perfectly serious eyes and I started again, to the point that my belly ached and I had infected her too. That was the first time I had ever seen her properly laughing. It was a very shy manifestation of cheerfulness, as if she was surprised of it herself: her smile just grew wider, showing her teeth, her eyes acquired an unusual vitality and she raised her shoulders as she lowered her head in a vaguely naughty way.
"You know what? If you are indeed a serial killer, do your thing, just make it stop!" I joked, showing my neck.
"I may have some pill, let me check," she said, getting up.
I sat on the bed and grabbed my plug.
"Wait, did you?" I asked, blushing again when she came back with an aspirin and a mint.
"Yeah, it took a while: I hope I didn't hurt you."
"Oh god, I'm so sorry! I'm fine, I'm just very embarrassed."
"Ok," she shrugged, sitting by my side, still completely naked. "I have a story too, would you like to hear it?"
"Yeah! You are so mysterious!" I admitted.
"It's because I come from the far east."
"Yeah? From where?"
"Florida," she replied very seriously, making me laugh hard again.
"So, what's Lotus' story?"
What followed was… Weird of course, since Lotus was involved. Perhaps it was a defense mechanism, but her tale was riddled with sarcastic jokes about stereotypes and made-up facts. The problem was that she was so good at keeping a straight face and a serious tone that… Well, I wasn't one hundred percent sure about what was real and what wasn't! Anyhow, she started like this:
"Before I start, you should know that, like all strippers, I have a tragic story and the ensuing daddy issues."
"Of course, it's a basic job requirement," I jokingly agreed.
"So, as I was saying, I was born in Florida. You ever been?"
"No, what is it like there?"
"For babies? Harsh. Only those who crawl faster than gators survive. We lose so many to the damn beasts…" she replied, shaking her head solemnly.
"Also, hurricanes," I added.
"Yeah, that too. So annoying. Anyhow, my parents met at… Disneyworld I guess, when they were a little older than us. Now the possibilities are two: either they didn't believe in condoms or they really believed in love at first sight. However it went, less than a year later I was born and so was their marriage."
"Well, they are still together, right?"
Lotus shrugged.
"Technically. Besides, they had a son, like, a year later, so I believe it's the condom thing…"
"Oh, so you have a brother!"
"Yeah, and here comes the tragic part of the story. He was born with a neurological disease."
"I'm so sorry…"
"Yeah, it hasn't been easy, but the whole family came together to help my parents financially, so that he could have access to the best cures and now basically the only thing that's wrong with his head is that he's a Florida man, as god intended."
I smiled:
"So there's a happy ending!"
"Yeah, honestly, even though we've been through hard times, my life has never lacked anything important, apart from snow. That's why, even though this is the gist of my life so far, this is not really my story."
I raised my eyebrows and she shrugged:
"I've always stopped here with my tale, because that's what people expect, but I have the feeling that you can understand, that I can tell you what's underneath the events and ultimately why I wanted to become Lotus."
Instead of explaining, she climbed on the bed and crawled on her knees towards me, staring directly in my eyes with a mysterious expression. What was happening? She advanced, now straddling me, the bed sheet too far away to provide a barrier between our naked bodies. I bent backwards and lay on the bed, trying to keep our distance.
"Lotus?"
She slid forward and lowered herself at the same time, like a cat stretching its legs, her turgid pierced nipples caressing my belly and then my own. Her lips and her eyes were the sole focus of my mind: I was paralyzed. I could feel her body through its heat, while one of my own was starting to burn inside me. With a big breath I filled my lungs with her smell, a mix of cigarette and perfume that I knew already very well. Our noses were about to touch. I was losing myself in her inscrutable eyes. Every part of my body wanted to dive forward and kiss her, but I had the feeling that this thing she was doing was part of her story and I had to let her tell it.
Indeed, she slowly got up and took one of my hands in hers, bringing it to her chest. Her heart was beating fast.
"This is why I became Lotus," she whispered, putting her hand on my sternum. "They beat in the same way now, can you feel it?"
I just nodded.
"That's the thing, Jules. My heart almost never works like everyone else's. I realized when I was very little that I don't feel what others feel, at least not with the same intensity. Most of the time there's emptiness in my heart and even when I do have some kind of emotion, I usually don't understand it," she explained and then she lay down again on me, propped on her elbows in such a way that her arms encased my head. I could feel every inch of her body with my own, the tips of our noses were touching and the pull from her lips was stronger than ever. Trapped and with no desire to escape.
"When I was younger I feared that I was some kind of psychopath and I wondered if I should have gone full Dexter. I mean, Miami wasn't far from where I lived anyway. However, I realized that I do understand other's feelings, so I'm not a psychopath. Actually, I can be very sensitive. Sometimes I even find myself crying if I see something sad. So, you see, I understand everyone's emotions but my own."
"Can you feel mine now?" I whispered, putting my arms on her back and caressing her lovingly.
"Yes, Jules. They mean a lot to me."
"Good, go on."
"Friendships with me don't last. When you never know what you want, what you desire, when you are never enthusiastic about anything, the others can see it. Most people find me boring, or even creepy and they avoid me. The rest eventually get tired of me."
Would I? Sure, she was so weird, but I liked her weirdness. Also, I had the feeling that her description of herself was somewhat off. In the meantime, she continued:
"Now, the upside of being me is that I can't really feel lonely either, not much at least, but being alone is still a problem. I'm kind of an emotional sponge: most of the times, if I feel something, it's because I'm empathizing with those who surround me. So, if there's no one around, there's just emptiness inside me. Did you know that you can still find something unbearable even if technically you are not feeling anything? Emptiness is like that."
As if reality was mirroring her words, now I was truly aching for her: what she was describing was a nightmare!
"At the end of high school, I realized that I couldn't go on this way. Besides, I had no idea of what to do with my life and I was so damn bored! Sure, there was the suicide option, but it sounded kinda messy, so I decided instead to become a traveling stripper."
She was joking about killing herself, right? Anyhow, I must've frowned.
"Let me explain. First, it wasn't too big of a deal with my folks. My mom used to be a stripper before meeting my dad. She kept stripping after, mostly because it was the perfect job for her needs: it allowed her to spend a lot of time with my brother, while still making good money. Besides, considering her daily schedule, the only times she was out of the house or sleeping, was when my dad was home or my brother was at school anyway."
"Yeah, but how does that solve you problem?"
"It seemed an antidote to boredom, something thrilling, you know? My mom had had such an adventurous life when she was young and the idea of pretending to be someone else at work was fascinating. It's silly, but I thought that perhaps, if I faked it well enough, I could actually feel something new. Besides, it would allow me to see a bit of the world and earn enough money to have all the experiences I wanted. Like a self-discovery journey."
"Did it work?"
"No. I mean, I was sort of right about the pretending thing. It's better than feeling someone else's emotions, because you get to practice them… As Lotus, I've been so much more than Mei and now I'm not that boring anymore. However, I just spent the money I didn't send back to my folks mostly in weed and honestly I didn't really travel, I wandered aimlessly. Until I met you."
"Me?"
"Yeah, for some reason life got suddenly way more interesting after I met you. Now I know why: you are in a journey similar to mine. And whereas people have generally tried to fill my emptiness with their stuff, you don't seem to find me empty at all. You even made me realize that there was something underneath, when you helped me decide what tattoo I should get."
"Oh yeah, I forgot! I told Patrick to make a design like you said, we should go and see if he's come up with something."
Lotus got up and I regretted it immediately. Why had I said that? Perhaps that was for the better: I should've decided what my attraction to her meant before doing anything stupid.
"Yeah, let's do it."
Still, I had something important to say, so I got up too and I added, taking her hands in mine.
"What do you say, shall we travel together, from now on?"
"Yes," she said looking at me in the eye, only to add with disarming nonchalance: "Also, would you like to be my fuck buddy? It's been a while and you are crazy hot."
Sure, the brain is not a muscle, but I swear that mine had a cramp. I opened my mouth, but no words came out.
"You changed your mind from last night?"
"No, it's just that… I'm really curious, but I've never been with a girl. Actually, I thought I was straight. Perhaps I just watched too much porn and I don't even know what I'm talking about."
"Would you like to know how I found out I was bi? I'm pretty proud of that, considering how rarely I know what I like."
There was a way? I immediately jumped on the idea:
"Yes, please!"
Lotus proved to be very wise: she just leaned forward and began to kiss me. Oh, those lips, how much I had fantasized about them during the week! So I kissed her back and then I caressed her gorgeous ass, finding actually myself trapping her in my arms, as if I was scared she would retract like before. Then I wanted to taste her skin again, like that night at the club, but this time without the aftertaste of the perfume and products we used there: I wanted the real flavor, I wanted her. So, my lips left hers, provoking a moment of uncertainty on her part, but as I dived on her neck to kiss and lick it, she did the same on mine.
She put her hands behind my head, and lifted me up, bringing my lips to her chest. Kissing her sternum, I inhaled her deeply and found myself fondling her cute small boobs: it felt so weird being on the giving end of that act! What should I have done? I was super curious about female nipples, because no man had ever been interested in me playing with his, whereas I knew that I loved that done to me. So I started by rubbing a finger on hers, arousing her with the friction until they were very turgid again and she gasped softly. Like a shark with its prey, I circled one of them with my tongue, until I gave her gentlest bite. There was also another thing that Mikey did and I liked: I licked back and forth one of the little balls of her piercing, so that it twisted her bud a little.
"Oh, yeah, suck it Jules!"
It felt great hearing her calling me by that name. A part of me fantasized about all the girl-on-girl scenes I would do as a porn star, with gorgeous women moaning those exact words. So I complied, working with my lips more than really sucking her. Perhaps that was the distinction between straight and lesbian sex: maybe women were more subtle, more delicate than men. Nah, that probably depended on the woman. This one though? Well, she liked what I was doing!
Lotus' hand reached down, sliding on my belly, towards my wet slit. It was so strange feeling her dainty fingers shyly exploring my sex, compared to a man's! Oddly, she changed hand and showed me how she put the other in her mouth, licking it clean.
"You taste so good…"
My sudden desire to do the same disappeared when I remembered that I, contrarily to her, still had my long fake nails which could scratch her. Sure she would let me eat her pussy later, though, right? Or maybe we would use a strap-on? How did it work in reality? I knew what happened in porn, but…
"Am I doing alright?" Lotus asked all of a sudden.
I frowned: I was the newbie here, why was she the insecure one?
"You are not bored or anything?" she added.
I kissed her again and then I reassured her:
"Are you kidding? This is amazing!"
"People used to say that I'm too quiet or too still when I have sex, but I'm trying to be more seductive."
By being Lotus. I had noticed how she seemed a completely different person with the customers, confident and expressive.
"Do it only if you like it better, if it turns you on. Otherwise, don't. I like your weirdness and I want my first time to be special and real," I found myself saying. "Do whatever crosses your mind and I'll follow your lead."
She thought about it for a few seconds and then she pushed me back on the mattress, where we continued making out laying on our sides, while she slowly started to fingerfuck me. We kept a hypnotized eye-contact the whole time. It was easy to see how people could find her very serious expression off-putting, or even intimidating, but honestly I liked losing myself in her eyes, so mysterious and fascinating.
Her technique was great and I felt compelled to reciprocate with more than kisses. Timidly my fingers trailed her inner thighs, prompting her to open them, until they felt her heat and moisture. This was such a curious sensation, to experience someone else's wetness! Arching my fingers to make sure that my nails wouldn't go anywhere near her delicate skin, I cupped her sex. Whereas mine was somewhat puffy, her pussy was shallower but she had longer inner labia, which I caressed lovingly.
While I felt the need to moan and squirm, it was not easy to tell whether and how much she liked what I was doing, because she just kept kissing me, sucking my lips and caressing my hair with an inscrutable expression.
"Tell me if you like it, Lotus. Teach me… Teach me how to love you!" I urged her.
"Yes I do, Jules, do you?"
"Very much so!"
After that, she started whispering suggestions for me to follow. Perhaps some people would consider it a turnoff, but it meant a lot to me: she was sharing with me her intimacy, the secrets to her pleasure, which were buried very deep in her case, to the point that even she wasn't completely aware of all of them. Lotus, on the other hand, didn't need any handbook. Apart from Mikey, no one had ever been able to fuck me that good just with fingers, not even myself.
"Lotus, I'm so close! Are you?" I moaned.
"No, but don't worry, it's hard to make me cum," she revealed.
Was she embarrassed? I had no idea, but I didn't want to put any pressure on her to be safe.
"Ok, I'll go first, but then I wanna taste your pussy and do you!"
Her answer was to speed up and push my head on her chest, on which I screamed in ecstasy a few minutes later.
It was hard to regain my composure, but I tried to do it as fast as I could, because I didn't want to leave her hanging. So I rolled her on her back and I started to kiss her everywhere, proceeding slowly and excitedly towards her sex. Before doing anything, I just gave a peck to her dripping pussy, inhaling deeply her aroused smell.
"Do you like having me here?" I whispered, tingling her inner thighs with my tongue.
"It's literally the wet dream I had of you a couple of days ago," she revealed casually.
"Really?" I exclaimed elated: being someone else's erotic dream was… Well, my dream. "What was I doing?"
"This."
"And?"
"Well, I was holding your hands with mine," she continued a little awkwardly, especially when I offered my arms to her.
"Come on, take them! I wanna make your dream come true. What else?"
Her response was to trap my head with her legs. At first, I thought it was something kinky, but when she grabbed my hands, her intention was clearly not to immobilized them, but to hold them. She just wanted to feel my skin on hers. At any rate, I got my cue and I began my excited exploration of her pussy. The taste was quite strong, but I didn't care: this time I knew what I was doing, thanks to porn and what I had observed men doing on me.
So I ate my first pussy, keeping eye-contact with Lotus the whole time. She just stared curiously at me, with her mouth slightly ajar, gasping from time to time, while she caressed my hands, sometimes squeezing them in pleasure when I was hitting the right spots. My own words echoed in my head, while I was trying to memorize what she liked, and I finally understood what I had meant the previous night when I had said "teach me how to love a woman".
I had remembered a tweet from Barbie Baby, my favorite porn-star and incidentally Mikey's former protege. She was bi and had done a lot of girl-on-girl scenes. In her message she was complaining about actresses who were straight and did purely lesbian scenes anyway, claiming that those should be a prerogative of women "who actually know how to please a woman". That had started a small online debate with other actresses, some on her side, some on the opposite one, which had then ended up being more about how realistic the depiction of homosexuality in porn was.
Was that what this was all about? Me wanting to know what I was doing to adhere to my role model's standard? Just to be better at lesbian scenes? My eyes focused back on Lotus'. I hadn't said "please a woman", I had used the words "love a woman" with her, spurred by all the honesty alcohol was capable of inducing. Right then, with my face buried in her sex, I wanted to make her happy, to love her the way I felt loved by her, to express all my gratitude for having her in my life.
I didn't have time to reach the end of that line of thoughts, because, after my tongue had worked her tirelessly until it and my jaw ached, she finally came and it was… Well, not how I expected it. She was louder than me! She made a really high-pitched shriek, she released me and then she rolled on her side. I kissed her cute butt and then I spooned her. The long amount of time I had spent between her legs seemed to have had the effect of supercharging her, because her climax lasted quite a bit and she needed almost as much to come down. In the meantime, I caressed her and kissed her cheeks, reveling in strong smell of sex that my face was emanating.
"This was amazing, Lotus!" I told her, when she finally rolled over to face me.
"It was just like my dream. Can I do you?"
"Hell yeah!"
Without further ado, she crawled between my legs, as I propped myself against the pillows to better enjoy the show. I also felt like smoking, so I lit one up exactly when I sensed her tongue meeting my clit. Apparently she enjoyed playing with my clit piercing just as much as I did!
I didn't feel the need of hugging her with my legs, but I did caress her blonde hair while she lapped my pussy. They say that arousal makes men stupid, because it draws blood from their head towards their dicks, so perhaps for women it was the opposite, since we didn't have anything to inflate, because during sex I often had interesting intuitions:
"The makeup! Was it a coincidence that you did something so different from the usual the day you had the wet dream with me?"
She shook her head, keeping her tongue rigid, turning it into yet another form of stimulation.
"Were you trying to seduce me?"
She nodded and then added:
"I also wanted to see if I could… Wear my personality, the same way you do."
"Yeah, that's why I loved it so much!" I replied, caressing her back with my foot.
She wasn't rushing my orgasm, it was like she was savoring me. That was deeply flattering and, since talking nonchalantly with a woman between my legs turned me on anyway, we began to chat, with me doing most of the speaking for obvious reasons.
I told her about my pact with Mikey and she seemed quite intrigued by it, to the point of joining in: so we decided that we would have sex only if we had earned a certain amount of money the day before at the club. Otherwise, we would just tease each other to keep our sexual energy high.
Moreover, I offered to take her to work with my car every time, since Mikey was paying for gas anyway and she gladly accepted it: she hated driving, because it prevented her from smoking weed at night, when she enjoyed it the most.
When I was about to cum, she started to work my clit with her tongue and my G-spot with her finger at the same time. My second orgasm was so even better than the first! After that, we cuddled for a while. She fetched her cigarettes and I imitated her, even if I had extinguished one only a few minutes before: in order to make the habit of smoking deeply ingrained in me, Mikey had suggested me to light one up whenever someone around me did. Considering how I had spent that morning, perhaps cigarettes were indeed inducing an oral fixation in me as he had planned.
"So, you straight?" Lotus asked with her usual serious demeanor, caressing my hair.
"Is it weird that I'm not sure? I mean, I clearly love sex with women, but that doesn't make me bi."
"If you talk about love, I wouldn't know. I have never been in love."
Lotus could say the saddest things with such nonchalance… HadIever been in love, though? Like, for real? I had changed so many boyfriends and I was usually the one breaking up, mostly out of boredom. Crushes, not love stories, that perhaps was a better description of what I had had before.
"Yeah, me neither, come to think about it," I admitted, resting my head in her chest, listening to her heart beating. And her stomach growling!
"I'm hungry. Pizza?" she proposed immediately.
"Sure," I replied, urged by my own hunger, as she got up and fetched her phone to make the order. "I'll take pepperoni. Oh, and I have an idea: let's stay naked and give the delivery man a show when he arrives!"
"What a slut. Letting strangers see you naked," she replied with her trademark flat sarcastic tone, shaking her head. She didn't get dressed either, though!
My head was still aching and so Lotus had me drink some orange juice as we waited ("I'm a Florida girl, I always have orange juice around."). While we waited, I had a look around. Her house seemed like a motel room: minimal furniture, nothing personal about the decorations and she didn't feel the need to put her clothes in drawers or wardrobes, as if she was about to leave and stuff everything into a bag anyway.
"You ever considered making this space more… Yours?" I asked.
"I wouldn't know how," she shrugged.
"I like to scout flea markets and second-hand shops to make my outfits, if you'd like you could join and see if there's something that clicks with you."
She caressed my back and replied:
"Yeah, I would like to. If you had asked me yesterday, I would've proposed a giant picture of you naked on the wall, but I guess I don't need it anymore."
I laughed and fantasized about the day in which a lot more people would have pictures of me! The ringing of the bell interrupted that thought. I grabbed Lotus' hand and we opened the door in the nude: the face of the young man holding our pizzas was priceless:
"Hello, sir!" I greeted him cheerfully.
He stammered as he told us the price.
"Oh no, the money!" Lotus gasped: wait, what did she had in mind?
"Perhaps in my purse…" I suggested.
"No, remember? It's still in your car!"
In the meantime the man was looking at us with a mix of disbelief and wild hope. Then I noticed that there were dollar bills on a small table just besides the door. Laughing inside, I threw my hands on my head, making my exposed boobs jiggle:
"What are we going to do then?"
"I don't know! Wehaveto pay this man, who came all the way here just to feed us with something!" Lotus replied, pretending to be mortified.
Perhaps because he didn't want to risk ruining it, the man stood silent, almost petrified.
"Ah, no, wait, here it is," Lotus announced flatly after a few seconds. Then I basically snatched the pizzas from the very disappointed man while she slapped the money on his hand.
"Bye!" she said and slammed the door shut, my cue for bursting into a laugh:
"You are merciless!"
"When I was little a pizza delivery man traumatized me by bringing Hawaiian pizza by mistake. These scars never heal…" she commented gravely.
After lunch, we had a shower (separately) and then we headed to Patrick's tattoo parlor, since he had confirmed that he had sketched up a design.
"Wait, I'm not supposed to fuck him, right?" Lotus stopped me as we walked on the sidewalk, grabbing my hand.
"No! Of course not! It's just our deal. He's a good guy."
"Ok, 'cause I decided to take a break from men."
"Why?" I asked amused.
"I guess I had an indigestion of cocks, in my previous strip club, you know, where I had to do extras."
Shit! What if…
"Have you ever tested for STDs?" I inquired, a little panicky.
"Don't worry, I'm clean, and I haven't had sex since the last time I was tested."
I sighed in relief, but then, as we entered Patrick's door, I had a disquieting feeling about her revelation: had something bad happened to her?
"Hey, Jules!" he greeted us: he had just opened and was turning on his computer.
"Hi, Patrick, this is…"
"Lotus," my friend completed for me.
"Oh, yeah, the pothead!"
"And you must be the shithead," she replied casually.
"Man, you suck so much at first impressions!" I commented amused, as he blushed.
"I… Uh… I'll fetch my notepad."
"Does his dick compensate that?" she whispered very seriously to me, as if she had some kind of scientific curiosity.
I just replied with a naughty smirk.
When Patrick came back, he regained immediately our esteem. On his notepad, over a dark background there was a plant of cannabis deprived of most of its leaves and a very realistic stream of white smoke was coiling around it in such a way that it outlined in surprising detail the body of a dragon. Two marijuana leaves were hanging from the plant on its path, in correspondence of where its wings should've been. They were positioned in such a way that their fingers, joined by filaments of smoke, looked like the bones that stretched the skin of the dragon's bat-like wings. It was as if the dragon was effectively flying on marijuana leaves! Another smaller one crowned the head of the beast.
"Wow," was Lotus' comment. "How big would it be?"
"As big as you want. The design would have to be adapted to the size, because the details of the smoke could disappear with time if they are too small."
"I like it detailed. We could do my whole back, perhaps adding a plant here to avoid filling everything with black ink."
Wow, Lotus didn't mess around!
"Since it's photographic, it's going to require a lot of money and time, you know that, right?" he warned her.
"Ok," she shrugged.
"And I won't accept payments in anything other than money!" Patrick added, looking at me.
I imitated my friend and shrugged too, disappointing him a little.
We stayed for a while more, so that he could take measures and correct the design according to Lotus' instructions. After that, I spent the rest of the day with her. In the first part of the afternoon we had a walk in the city and she helped me deal with my Amy situation: besides emotional support, she also provided some clever suggestions, like mixing the old photos with new ones that featured some current event. As ridiculous as it sounds, I took a photo of a star in the Hollywood walk of fame making sure to partly capture a crumpled page of a free newspaper on the ground, which I put there myself so that it showed a specific title. If Amy was indeed suspicious, a rapid search on the web would associate it to something happened the day before. Desperate times…
Later we went to the beach and we had dinner in a great Mexican restaurant. Back to her house, at her request I proudly showed her my porn video, which she liked a lot. We even masturbated each other to it, stopping just before cumming, so that, when we left the house to go to work, we were horny as hell. In the car I realized that I couldn't recall the last time I had been so carefree and relaxed. Loneliness had evidently been an invisible monster subconsciously haunting my thoughts ever since I had chosen to be Jules.
So, at the club, even though arguably my reputation had taken another big hit with the sad spectacle of drunkenness that I had given the day before, I was back to being confident and in a good mood, because now I knew that I didn't need any of those bitches.
And, as for Morgan, I would think about a clever revenge, in time.
The day after, I announced to Mikey the good news:
"I wanna meet this Lotus girl," he said, after I had told him everything: I liked how protective he was!
"Yes daddy!" I mocked him, even though he pretended not to hear me.
"At least, I'm relieved: I was getting worried about you! I was afraid of coming back home and find you talking to an inflatable doll or something," he then admitted chuckling.
"Oh, I don't know, in order to inflate one to look like you, I would certainly make it explode!" I provoked him: I was feeling particularly bratty that day.
"Very funny. Remember that as soon as I come back home I expect you to blow me!"
"I'll do much more than that! My octopus is hungry, you know?"
"Yeah, and a girl sure can't do much about that… By the way, it's great that you found your bi-curiosity! Lots of opportunities there!"
"Great!"
Little did I know what opportunities he was actually thinking about…
************
Afterword
Lotus' "condition" is based on my personal experiences, albeit exaggerated.
My first language is not English, so please let me know if I did unspeakable things to Grammar. As usual all feedback is welcome,especially if you didn't like my work.