1969
(part one)
The late 1960s is famous for the many new freedoms given to females. Even the lead in sexual adventure became a domain for many. But having to "start sometime" meant that there was a carryover of a proper, polite, perhaps even docile, generation. That generation was raised one way, and instantly allowed to become the "other" way. Taking the restrictions off of that group was the ultimate in human dynamics.
In her mind, Melissa had it all. She even had the freedom to explore cross cultural experiences. For instance, in the USA, suddenly, sexual encounters with another race became accepted by a growing fraction of the population. Still, such encounters were rare enough to have the extra thrill of rule violation still associated with them. And that thrill of violation was most enjoyed by those girls who were raised under the oldest, most restrictive, rules.
Melissa was one of the women who made that transition during those late 60s. She had the extra liberal benefit of working at a major university. There you had the ivory tower mandate to push the experiences to the extreme. Perfectly acceptable in that isolated world. Her job, as a lab manager, required her to encounter humans from all parts of the world. Every post doctorate fellow or full professor from outside the USA was quite different from any person who Melissa might have met in her own native land of Ohio.
Melissa was now 26. Her own masters was in the bio-sciences. She felt that the lab manager position allowed her to truly use much of her own education and experience, while being directly involved in the continuing education of a great number of formal visitors to the USA. Interspersed throughout her large PU agronomy department were representatives from Australia, Indonesia, China, Brazil, Nigeria and many other countries where food production was or was going to be critical in the coming years.
Physically, Melissa was a little bright star. Only 5 foot, 2 inches tall and 104 pounds in weight, she was in absolute top condition. Her conditioning was done with small weights and an early form of aerobics class. She thought that a lean panther type look was attractive. All the males around her were in total agreement with her Measurements? 34C-22-34 does not do her justice. With the total fitness and small stature, she took on a gymnast look. She did, in fact, have a gymnastic background. Now she had the ample assets that would be "too much" for a competing gymnast.
She had done her proper Midwest USA thing, and married her sweetheart. Tom was from the same area of Ohio as Melissa. He attended that same university now, and had obtained his bachelor's degree in engineering back in Ohio. While Melissa worked full time, he had gotten his own Masters and was well on his way to a PhD in mechanical engineering. They had attempted the new lifestyles, even the early swinging. That was satisfactory for him. It never worked out for Melissa.
True to his own liberal pledge, he had gone out of his way to compensate for her lack of swinging reward by telling her that she could pick up a guy any time. He didn't even want her to necessarily tell him when such an event occurred. Rather, she could wait until there was something good to report, to wait for big developments, and to "surprise" him... She heard him, but took little of it seriously. She was not pushy and did not really believe that she had any social contact outside of their marriage and her, already established, friendships. Thus, she expected nothing from such a fantasy. That remained that way, for many months after his "permission" was given. Not that the newly freed professional woman needed permission
Then, late in the Spring, Tom found out that he was going to be required to make a sort of mini sabbatical that summer, that he must attend another university three states away that entire summer. It would be a concentrated engineering study that would require his full attention 12 to 16 hours a day for 8 weeks At the graduate and post graduate level, this sort of requirement was not unusual. But that would leave Melissa alone on campus. She, in a blah fashion, said that she would make the best of it.
Tom said, "Hey, here's your chance to score." It was said only as a lark.
He just thought that he would temper the bad news with a little jest.
Melissa's response was, "Oh, yeah, sure. I will go right out and get me a harem of men "
In truth, he would be totally consumed by his studies, and she thought that she would be bored all summer on a very hot campus.
As the Spring went on, Melissa met the incoming post doc students. One, who she considered a very sophisticated professor, was from Nigeria. Suave. Slim. 6 foot 6 inches in height. Muscular. She had a hard time ignoring what was obviously attractive to her. Over the next few weeks, she would be slowly introduced to his dry humor and his story telling. He loved telling stories about events in his home country Nigeria. First the stories were of a general daily life there.
Later, after he had her attention, he began to include details about relationships between men and women in Nigeria. He detailed the strange combination of Christian and Islamic interpretations. That a woman who had sex freely was a Jezebel. That there were some interesting rituals that involved any woman who violated her marriage. Those implications were purposeful temptations for Melissa. It was to have her inquire about what rituals might be like for such a Jezebel.
Through the shelves and across lab benches, this discussion went on over the days and weeks preceding the summer time. And it grew in detail. He was very happy to tell of the Jezebel being purposefully fucked by many large men, over and over again, to insure that her vagina became large and loose. This was so that her boyfriend, fiancee or husband would not be able to fit her. Certainly, the practice demonstrated the real domination of the Nigerian male during that time period. The woman was being used to demonstrate large penises, and demonstrate them well. The goal was that she would then only be able to fuck with the largest of men. That allowed the large men to control the possibility of any sex that this Jezebel might be able to have in the future.
As free as Melissa was to make her choice, this sexual work over of a nasty girl intrigued her. She would quiz "Martin" further on the technique. He would give an ever increasing amount of detail. Till, finally, one day, he admitted that he had participated in such a practice. In fact, he told Melissa that he had done so "5 times". She feigned shock; but, she really had suspected his involvement earlier within the discussions. Martin said that he could even produce photos from one girl's repeated fuckings.
"Are you in some of those pictures?"
He replied,"Yes, of course."
No shame. Perhaps pride was in his voice.
Melissa taunted, "Really? Well, you may just have to show me. Can you actually do that?"
"Yes, but you are married, and I have already said so many things that are, I am sure, offensive." Now, he was the one faking concern. Fairly late into the topic to worry.
But he did let her know that he acknowledged his violation of her status.
Then, in an interesting move, he acknowledged her own sin, "If you are so very interested, you might be a white Jezebel "
Melissa, with her 1960s USA liberalism in effect, responded, "Might be."
Martin took her comment as an extreme "go ahead". The next day, he brought a little brown photo album into the lab. When the other grad students were gone at lunchtime, he brought it out for Melissa to see. It started sweet enough, showing a very cute 19 year old Nigerian woman in a nice brightly colored dress. Nice hairdo, nice makeup, very upscale... Then, when the album was turned to the second page, she was nude and leaning against a tree. Very provocative in her pose, she looked trim and balanced. A nice hour glass figure. Smooth caramel skin, a long waist and longer legs. Melissa thought that she looked, "very attractive "
Across from that photo was another with her ass towards the camera; she was bent over. Her large labia were very clear and her slit was relaxed and slightly open.
Melissa gave an "Oh, my..."
When she turned the page, she got her real shock, as the 19 year old was being plowed by a mammoth penis. Missionary style. Her vaginal opening was spread wide. This photo was followed by photo after photo of various men, all with large penises, fucking her. Jet black men, caramel colored men and all variations between, each fucking her in a multitude of positions.
The photos documented different fuck sessions and distinct changes in locale. The photos went on and on. Melissa could only guess, but there may have been over a dozen men who kept fucking the 19 year old over a period of time. When the photos included outside scenes, it appeared that even a change of seasons had occurred during the process. Each of the dozen or so men was huge.
Melissa stopped for a moment. "You're in here?"
Martin gave an upscale, "why, yes I am."
"Where?"
"There for one," as he pointed to a very large shaft splaying the young woman.
Melissa snapped her head around to look straight into his face. "Really?"
"Melissa, it is really me. Now aren't you ashamed to see this and know such things about me?"
"No." And Melissa went back to the album.
As she turned the pages, the intensity of the fucking increased. The woman's vagina was obviously being stretched. Over the time of the photos, the diameter alone doubled. Then tripled. When shown between fucks, the vagina hung open, irregular, drooping and sometimes with cum dripping out.
The photos staged the young woman's changes in great detail. On some of the last pages, the men would double penetrate her. And those photos began to show both a gaping ass and a vaginal opening that remained big enough for a baby's head to easily pass through. The area between her ass and vagina had become quite small. Hardly any distance existed between her asshole and her vagina. Some old scars indicated that the distance had even been less at times in the recent past.
Melissa startled, "Did she split during some of this?"
"Yes, a little..." was Martin's casual response.
"She had all this done to her while her husband was away working in the oil fields. We just made sure that she would never fit him again, and that she would have to explain her new size."
"Oh, that was mean "
"She knew that she could not have all those large men without consequence. Yet, she chose to have the experience. She wanted to be a Jezebel. It was up to her to explain her new size. And she seemed to enjoy getting to that new size "
Martin went on to theorize that he personally knew that the men got great rewards from her nastiness, just as it seemed she had gotten great rewards by being so nasty. But by choosing to have so much intense sex, she became a Jezebel, a now very well known Jezebel in that area.
Melissa's never expressed tilt toward a type of S&M began to surface. The multiple men (of any color), the penis size (of any color) and the over stretching, all, was becoming an attraction to her. Still, she was very curious about a particular.
"That was really you in some of those pictures?"
"Yes. You seem so doubting?"
She looked at his large creased crotch of that era. "Well, I have never seen such a penis. And I don't care if those pants are large, there does not seem to be room in there for what I saw."
"You taunt me with compliments", as Martin reached down for his zipper.
Melissa frantically blurted out, "No, no, no, not in here. Not in the lab. The others could come in at any time."
Martin stopped what he was doing.
Melissa went on, "I appreciate the gesture. I really do. In fact, I will take you up on the offer. But let me get my husband off on his sabbatical tonight, and I will think of a safe place for show and tell by tomorrow. I...really...do...want to see "
A Jezebel In The USA?
Melissa took Tom at his word, about being able to start something without telling him. After he left the next morning, she went to the lab early. Up and down the long corridor, there was just silence. No one was there yet. There was a lab storage area two floors down that only she used for her specific lab items. She went to check it. It was locked. She used one of the few keys in the entire department that would unlock it. Inside she cleaned up an inner small room, making it at least suitable for human visitation.
When Martin arrived, she motioned for him to follow her. She took him to the storage area. They went in, and Melissa locked the door from the inside. She even used an old latch that was left on it from years past and a time before safety rules.
"Now, you had something to show me?"
Martin grinned and went for the zipper again. He paused, seemingly to carefully consider his steps. Then, he went back up to his shirt and took it off.
"OK. I get the whole show?" was Melissa's response.
Then the shoes, the socks and back to that zipper. He pulled down the pants, revealing more of his muscular body. But the area that Melissa was most curious about was inside very large boxer shorts. He looked at her and grinned real big as he pulled down the shorts. There, 'live in person', was the huge penis that she had seen in the photos.
"Oh, that's just fantastic You were not kidding me. So, everything is true."
"You really used 'that' on the girl?"
"Yes, quite a number of times, in fact." was his proud response.
She was about three feet away from him, looking at it dangle down. As she looked, it began to fill. A true 11 of Nigerian penis. And he would have more in a minute. It was as jet black as he was, with lots of prominent veins, and a growing width.
She walked over and reached out. "May I?"
"Of course," and he put her hand under it with one of his hands, as he put his other hand around her shoulders.
He hugged her closer, more personal, as she examined his penis. Still filling. Now she could feel the silkiness, and those prominent veins, including the one most defined on the bottom of his penis. Still filling. Then she gave special attention to its head. It was a large mushroom shape, very defined and wider than even the shaft that supported it. She stroked it lightly as it finished coming to a complete attention, ending perfectly horizontal.
"So, if I continue doing things like this, you will think I am a white Jezebel?"
"I already think that you are a very white, very beautiful, and very nasty Jezebel."
With that, she spun out of the hug, and stood there looking at him again from many feet away. She reached up and started untying the little bow at her collar. Then she unbuttoned her pink blouse, left it for a moment, and unsnapped, unzipped and removed her short black skirt. She was wearing one of the first thongs in town. Good for her exercises, it also had that tremendous sex appeal.
She went back to the blouse, removed it and her bra. Everything got tossed on one of the tables. So, now she was just wearing a black thong. Her fitness was on show. Great breasts, a tiny waist, buttocks with real muscle, legs with creamy tone; it was all there. She pulled down the thong. A small heart of dark hair, perfectly matching the hair on her head, and that was all. She stood there and spun around.
"You like?"
He didn't say anything. He just walked right over to her.
"Guess you do. heh, heh." and she took his penis into her hands again.
With his height, the penis was almost up to the level of her breasts; she only needed to bend over slightly to take it into her mouth. Melissa could hardly open her mouth wide enough for his mushroom head. In fact, it took a few seconds for the edges of his crown to flip past her front teeth. She swirled her tongue around it and then stuck her tongue deep into his opening. She literally fucked the opening with her tongue. He quivered.
Melissa slurped and liberally frothed all around his head one last time. She kept hold of the shaft and did a full spin around, placing her opening directly upon the tip of his penis. Taking advantage of the lubrication, he immediately started into her. The mushroom head parted her lips in an extreme fashion, reforming those lips as a perfect "O". The head finally snapped those lips behind it; the teeth had been only slightly more difficult to get past.
He was extremely surprised how tight she was. So tight that her pinch hurt him for a moment. But he was in heaven, fucking this little hellion. He had thought that nothing like this could ever happen. Never. He was actually beginning to fuck a white Jezebel. That she was married to a white man, well, that made her a most excellent whore. She wiggled on him, and helped him slowly slide in.
He knew that it would take months of fucking by large penises to make her fit properly. Since she really seemed to be his white Jezebel, a white whore by choice, he had hope that she would graduate to that size. So, he intended to protect his investment. He went cautiously inch by inch. Her occasional wiggle helped him continue his slide into her.
Melissa was thinking that Martin's penis was fantastic, that it was not even in the same world as the white swinging fellows who she had fucked. With just a few inches of him into her, she already had sensations that she had never had with any man. It was easy to fantasize herself as a beautiful mare, being mounted by a huge stallion.
That image was fantasy only in degree. For here, in this small locked storage area, a large black male was starting to go deeper inside a tiny white woman. As stallions go, the ratio of his penis was impressive, sort of like a Clydesdale attempting to breed with a pony. He looked at his little prize.
Her long dark hair had fallen forward over her head, covering her face. Her hands, each placed above each knee, braced her. Nice trim muscular legs, a torso as tight as a corset, smooth rounded breasts with large pointed nipples, and butt muscles that responded to his every move. He loved watching her flex those and many other muscles every few seconds. He slowly bumped past her cervix and began to see how much beyond that he could stretch her. You could say that he pushed the vaginal envelope. But not much farther. She stopped his forward movement with a tense wall, and did so at a point he considered only about half of his length.
A very surprised well hung Nigerian After all, the African woman, who he had shown being stretched in the photos, was what he considered small (5'9 and 165 pounds). Here this white woman seemed like toy size. Such observations only enhanced his thrill more. Changes, like he was used to doing to Jezebels in the past, would be massive for Melissa. He pressed harder.
She shook all over, tensed, bucked and came, jerking on the end of Martin's huge penis. As he pressed her from minute to minute, she would respond the same way each time. Finally, he decided that she had made a small adaptation. He began to truly stroke her with that half length. He saw a clean lab table, one covered with a cloth normally used for seed counting. Today it was to be used for Melissa.
Martin reached under Melissa and cupped her breasts and chest with one large hand. He lifted that front section of her, while her rear section remained securely plugged on Martin's penis. He swung her around to the cloth covered table and, except for her ass and legs hanging in space, laid her across it. He resumed stroking her. Her mouth would ooh and aah. Her vagina would slush and foop loudly. She was having the best fuck of her life.
And she was fulfilling some of Martin's greatest fantasies. He would look down, see her stuck on him and think "how could this be real?". Then he took the reality of the moment and made more fantasy. He wondered how great it would be to work on her for weeks, months or even longer. He was bold enough to begin to think of her as a white Jezebel project, one which he and all his stateside friends could work on so long and so well that her little white woman vagina would become as large as the one he had left with the African Jezebel in Nigeria.
He may have been way ahead of the possibilities. But then he certainly had a feel for things. He was feeling way up inside her at the moment. She seemed to be stretching a little for him. Progress
"Melissa." Melissa "
She could muster up, "ummm, Oh, so good "
"Melissa, how big is your husband?"
"Uh..." Pant. Pant. Then he pressed in and she screamed a little.
"We were...stoned...one night. Uh, aaaaah." Then Martin decided, if he wanted an answer, he had better stop moving for a moment.
"We took out a ruler. Gasp. Martin, your penis feels so great in me. Oh...we...we measured like you're supposed to do, from the top of the base to the tip. He was 5 and 3/4 inches, maybe 6 inches at the longest."
Still holding motionless. "Can he make you cum?"
"Sometimes. I think. My god, it is nothing like what you are doing to me I have never felt anything like this. I lost count of how many times that I have already cum while stuck on you."
"Melissa, I am just barely into you."
She twisted her head back and looks to her rear. She sees how much is still outside of her.
"That, that you have out there is longer than he is total, and 2 to 3 times wider "
He plans his wording carefully. "You like fucking with me?"
"Oh, yes." She gasped again as he moved a little to reinforce his words. He went back to stroking her. He increased the frequency and the depth. She came again. Then, after such a nice reminder, he went back to question her again.
"Did seeing what happened to the girl back in Africa, with all the penises working on her, did that make you hot?" He held very still once more.
"Yes."
"It did?"
"Yes."
He started moving again, poking deeper into her. He may have pushed a little more than half of himself into her at that point. She was wiggling, jerking, with her ass arching, and she seemed to be cuming frequently.
"Would you like to work with me, and fuck with me a lot, over the next weeks, or months? So that you might, someday, be able to take my length?" He poked her a little hard, but not any deeper.
"Uh, uh huh...of...course."
"Melissa, even if I work you alone, I will make you large. I will make you too large for your husband. Seriously, too large, Melissa." Martin pokes her again and this time twists a little.
"Does that worry you?" He twists a little more.
"He said I could pick up, uh, oh, aaaaaah...a guy of my choice." She pants.
He makes her cum again. "And you are my choice "
He gives her couple of mild thrusts and twists. She arches a bunch and her hips clench with those nice butt muscles. Her legs are powerfully toned and flexed, like a dancers legs in mid dance.
"But if fucking with me made you too big for him to ever fuck you again." He gave her a smooth continuous set of thrusts, combined with heavier twists. "Is that alright with you?"
"I want you to make me, fit you Love it. Love it. Love it." More panting.
More rewards from Martin, with her cuming intensely over and over. "Love it, really, ummm, oh, oh, oh, aaaah. Oooooooh, I love to have such fucking "
Then he stroked her constantly, adding twists every so often. He did that for over 15 minutes. It was a nasty picture, with them locked away in the building, working on her, instead of just working. The tiny muscular white body, with the large black body sticking deeply into it.
Considering how small and tight she was when he started, she was doing quite well now to receive about 8 inches maximum at times. That was over 25% longer and many times wider than all of her husband's penis at its finest He slowly pulled out and had her stand up. She was smiling big time, and rubbing the lower part of her abdomen, where he had just been working.
She looked at his penis as it pointed straight out, now with her coating on it. "Now that's a male, a real male " And she smiles.
"Why, thank you." and he added, "Melissa, you said that seeing the other woman fucked by so many men made you hot."
He strokes himself and eyes the cloth covering on the table. "I have friends here on campus, and also on campuses near by."
Still stroking, he holds his penis up as an example. "All those fellows pretty much think that this is average." Melissa gave a large smile and left her mouth hanging open.
"If I introduce you, would you like to fuck with them also?"
"Wow That would be great."
And she gave a real nasty look and shifted her eyes back and forth, while rubbing her opening.He reached over and grabbed the cloth from the table. He placed it over the back of one of the tall bench stools. He then moved the stool, with its new cover, placing its back against an inside wall.
"You're not going to check with your husband before we begin stretching you?"
She jumped up onto his chest, ringing her arms around his neck. "Noooo. And, besides, don't you think that it is nastier to not tell him, at least for now?"
"Oh, you are a Jezebel " And he pulled her down a little, so that she would begin being stuck on his penis once more. During all their sex talk, and her thoughts of more hot stuff, she had created a new round of lubricant. She was smoothly sliding down on him, as she still held his neck and kissed him on his mouth several times.
He spun around and placed her upon the tall bar stool, with her back to its back and the wall behind. He stayed slightly in her, as he spread her legs to each side of the stool. She sort of did a cowgirl bow legged split with her feet resting comfortably on the lower rungs of the stool. She sat back, grabbed the seat, looked at his penis, with almost all of it still outside her, and then looked up into his face.
Martin still needed reassurance. "Are you sure that you want this? After you invite me, and all the big fellows I told you about, to get inside you, you will never be as you are now. You will never have a small and tight vagina."
She reached back up around his neck and pulled her mouth up to his ear. "Do...it...to...me "
He started back into her. It was easier to get past her inner lips this time. Still, very tight. She was back to holding onto the seat with her legs spread wide. He began to fill up that entire central area between both legs. Now, he could watch her vagina open and stretch. She was back to the heavy breathing, and the wiggling that helped him slide in last time.
Her vagina was feeling magnificent to him, as he realized that this little female, was the only Jezebel, he was aware of, black or white, who had seen photos of what was done to other Jezebels in Nigeria. For her to then ask for some form, if only some limited USA form, of the same treatment was remarkable. This married woman was the tiniest and, yet, most willful and excellent whore, or, as he was more comfortable saying, 'a most excellent Jezebel'.
Even sitting on a backed stool like this, folded almost to 90 degrees, Melissa's abdomen remained flat and tight. Those 34c breasts looked right at home. In Martin's mind, she had a perfectly balanced physique, and with that flat thin abdomen, Martin noticed a turn on that he normally never could see. He noticed that his penis's shape was visible just above her little fur heart. He watched that closely. It was like a new game to him. How far up could he track it today?
They had started their sex around 7:35 AM. It was now 8:20 AM, and he thought, for the first time, about getting rid of some of the restraint that he had been using. He leaned into her and pushed her and the seat firmly against the wall. She looked down at her stretched opening and thought about how small it still was, when compared to the woman's vagina that was shown in the photos. And Melissa thought of how the woman looked before the men started to change her.
He watched more of his penis enter her. And he tracked where it went after that by looking at Melissa's abdomen. She was squealing and panting very fast, just as he saw that he had stretched her vagina over half the distance to her belly button. He could identify his large mushroom head at that level; from within, the top edge of his crown defined a soft line on her outside.
He started twisting and watched her tight inner rings be pulled in and out with the easy thrusts. When he did a twisting move, her opening took on a very notable football shape, instead of staying circular. Melissa's long dark hair came down both sides of her body to the level of the breasts; that seemed to finish up the look of her little fuck throne. He increased his depth and his twisting.
More sucking and smacking type sounds, and perhaps what might be called a slurping sound, all increased. She held apart her outside labia. He poked deeper through them and twisted all the way out, as far horizontally right and left as the knuckles of her hands on each side. That circumscribed a much larger football shape Over half of his penis was in her, and he noted that the mushroom head was just below her belly button.
She looked up at his face and repeated what she had said earlier, "Do...it...to...me ".
He needed very little cheerleading in order to do an awful lot. And her last comment was dynamite. He just let the full weight of his pelvis move forward. Nothing holding it back. She screamed. Both of them were very happy that the area was closed off deep within the building with solid concrete walls, and that it had two layers of freezer type doors. Melissa had chosen the site well, thinking ahead, knowing or hoping that she might have reason to get loud.
He was up to her belly button now. That depth, in turn, helped him put pressure back on her opening, so that he might increase her width. The twists had a stronger angle of attack. He thought of her last comment. Then, he ground into her with some true effort, as if he were really trying to get somewhere, somewhere new. She arched back, which, for a moment, made his penis on the inside more visible on the outside. When he saw that, he put in an extra tension or jerk. She held a squeal for a few seconds due to that action.
He grabbed her miniature pelvis on both sides and began finally fucking her. A very thick black 9 portion of a much longer penis was now stroking her continuously. She mostly was just trying to get some rhythmic breathing going, rather than the staggered starts and stops that she had been doing. Her vagina would spasm on him. He took that as a tickle. He liked it.
He was never letting up now. Stronger thrusts. Stronger reaming of her opening. To him, it seemed as if she came quite often. Though more shallow than he had ever connected during the very first fuck with any other woman, he finally considered it a good connection with Melissa. He could tell that, if he pushed her vagina any deeper or any wider today, she might tear. He did not want anything like that to happen, today.
He kept going at the steady rhythm for another 10 or 15 minutes. Then he came. She almost looked like she was seizuring, when he let go. She felt the penis spasm, and she could not help but do the same. In addition to never having felt the size, the muscle power and technique, she had also never felt cum hit her inside. She felt it big time today. To her, it was like being hit with a powerful squirt gun, only this one shot warm goo. As they both slowly became still, the cum ran out of her in force and dribbled down two of the stool's legs. She laughed. He laughed.
After the nice early morning start, both tried to go back to mundane lab activities. Neither could keep their mind on that. Both sets of fantasies took off again. She kept thinking about how great it had felt to be so stretched. And he kept thinking about how great it had been to start stretching her. He approached her late in the afternoon.
"I have two roommates from Nigeria. You may know Christopher, who is in the micro biology department, here, in this building. And then there is Robert; he is over in engineering. Both came to campus this last year. In fact, Robert was the one who originally got the place. The apartment is only 4 blocks off campus, over on Vinton street. I am sure that they would want me to formally introduce them both to you." Martin gave Melissa a very sly look that included a nod, tilt of the head, and almost a wink.
"I have never met Christopher. And, of course, with him over in engineering, I have never met Robert." She smiled real pretty. "But, I certainly would like to meet them." And she did wink.
"You live close to campus, don't you?"
"Just 10 minutes west, just outside the limits."
"If you could you come over to 411 Vinton at 7:00 PM, I could introduce you. I am sure it will be a friendly little meeting."
"Sounds very interesting."
"Oh, Melissa, could you do me just a little favor?"
"Of course, anything."
"When you drop over this evening, could you be dressed the way prostitutes do in your country?" Now he really smiled big.
"A few weeks back, I would have slapped someone who said anything like you just said." Melissa looked at his face. "But you're serious?"
He just smiled bigger.
"Hmmmm... well, lucky for you, I seemed to have been changed a little recently." She put her right hand at her pelvis level and rubbed lightly. "I might be able to get together the appropriate attire. Oh, and by the way, this is, indeed, sounding like it will be a friendly little meeting."
Introductions All Around
Right at 7:00 PM, Martin's doorbell rang. Robert opened the door and was staggered by what he saw. Melissa had her hair one sided in a French do, pretty colored hair pieces, a powder blue halter with a bright purple butterfly central, a bare waist, a deeper blue mini skirt that was about 14 long, powder blue thigh high lace hose and blue stiletto high heels. Robert was thinking that she was so very beautiful, and so very brave and/or crazy to show up like this in daylight, and at a house where only black men live. He rushed her through the doorway. Martin was running to the doorway, yelling out how beautiful she was. He "formally" introduced her to Robert, who was still in pleasant shock. He turned to Christopher, who was frozen on the stairs, leaning over the railing with his mouth hanging open. Christopher did not look too sophisticated at that moment. And Martin laughed when he saw Christopher frozen like that. Then he introduced Melissa to Christopher.
Melissa was having a hellishly good time. Hey, Martin asked for it. And he and his buddies really got it. She did that same spin around that she did nude for Martin and this time asked all three fellows the same thing,
"You like?"
They rumbled as a unit, then each blurted out increasing superlatives over the top of the other's. Melissa seemed very satisfied with the response. In her mind, she verified that these fellows can have a very powerful attraction toward a Jezebel, even, if , at the same time they would like to work on her and change her physically. It certainly seemed to represent a conflict in emotions. Such verification started to really kink her S&M tilt.
Melissa wasted no time in breaking ice. "I suppose that Martin told you that we had our own friendly meeting earlier today?"
The eye brow lifting and winces confirmed that he did.
"Good. Then you know that I know what Jezebels are. I mean, does this look pretty close?" All their heads nodded in agreement. Smiles all around.
"I also know what some of you have done to Jezebels in Nigeria." She noted no dissension.
"All...of you have done?"
All three nodded again. Now more of a smirk, a sly, nasty smile formed. "OK, then, what all of you have done to Jezebels. The ritual, so many guys working so hard on one woman, did entice me. Martin knows that." She winked at Martin.
"It is strange for some woman to have that much sex done to her, and for all those men to do it to her. A strange trip, I suppose. I am little, little everywhere; but, for some reason, I really like to be stretched. My senses tell me that I would have a lot of fun getting bigger. My husband knows little of this. He does know that I fantasize about well hung men." She looks into each of the three faces and smiles like a seductress.
"My husband just does not know that there are nice men here to help me, or that I, by your definitions, am a nasty Jezebel of sex."
By this time, hearing all this quickly from her, the men were in full agreement with her. And she got up and spun around again. And, just as an erotic seductress of old times might do, she extended her hand, and swung it around as if it were the pointer at a game of chance. It ended up pointed at Christopher.
"Your bedroom please." She looked back the other two as she and Christopher climbed the stairs.
"I will do my best to get to know you fellows." She was a perfect image of a hooker, but a hooker with some sort of old world flair. Sophisticated and extremely nasty at the same time.
She walked up the stairs with Christopher. Martin was slowly shaking his head in disbelief, as if to indicate that he had no idea that she could do this and do it with such ease.
Christopher Drills Melissa - VERY HARD
Christopher had Melissa down to her high heels. He wanted her to keep those on. He took off his own clothes, revealing another large black penis for Melissa to deal with. He was pretty hard before he took off his pants. And the size was growing quickly. It seems that Melissa was already a great turn on. Christopher, like Martin, was amazed at Melissa's small body and beautiful fitness. For a while, he just rubbed his large hands all over her. He took his large fingers and examined areas thoroughly - sticking two at a time into her vagina and then into her ass. He pried both openings wide. She felt that she was really being examined closely, like maybe at a slave market.
He had her turn around and bend over. He put three, four and then the tips of five fingers into her vaginal opening. Her tightness did not allow him further. That only made him want to try harder to get in there. He grabbed the left side of her vagina with his left hand, and the right with his right hand. As if he must have been mistaken about the limits, he used both hands and attempted to spread her more than any fingers could do.
Melissa gave out with an "ouch."
He pulled her apart harder. "OH, ow, ow, ow."
His response was to pull harder and hold her at least to that distance that he obtained. He held her like that for at least five minutes. As much as it hurt at first, she began to understand that he was getting her ready to take him, at least in width.
He left her bent over and grabbed from the bathroom a jar of Vaseline. He greased up her opening and his shaft. She was still bent over, looking around and up curiously. He started to put it into her. Smooth, but at a much faster rate than Martin used. Soon, the two downstairs could hear her screaming and Christopher thumping away. Christopher knew of no restriction to be slow and easy, or to be any nicer to this white woman than he is to any African Jezebel. So, he was proceeding with vigor. He may have been more like 10 in length, shorter than Martin. But the penis was very fat. Perhaps that is why he hand stretched her first.
In less than 15 minutes, he was all the way into her. She was panting, cuming, howling, cuming again, jerking, quivering, and cuming more. He laid her forward onto the bed, with her face down. He pulled her ass back up and put her knees under her. Now her vagina was a prime target. Standing by the bed, he went back into her. He ground into her, twisting, and prying. It did not seem possible to Melissa. She made guttural sounds and squealed almost all the time. The two downstairs, heard and felt the ceiling shaking and Melissa continuing to scream. Robert looked at Martin and very seriously commented, "I hope he leaves something for me ".
Christopher just thought that this was what he was supposed to do to her. She was smaller than any woman he had ever fucked, and her vagina was tight, ...at first... But, he thought everything else was standard. He thought he was supposed to help start the process of making her vagina huge. He had gotten extra turned on when he learned that she was married; earlier today, Martin told Christopher of the husband's 6 penis. Thinking that this was the standard ritual, he believed that he might even be able to make her too big for 6 this very evening.
He looked down at her stuck on him, and thought of how pretty, how toned, and how white she was. She felt smooth and still very tight to him, as he rammed her over and over. So, in his mind, that just meant that he had not done his job. He knew his usual mandate. He felt that Martin and Robert, and others in the very near future, were all depending on his contribution. As a goal, he put in his mind the image of Melissa with a large floppy opening, all reamed out. Then he pounded her with his penis. Downstairs, they could hear him hitting her harder and harder. And they could hear her scream and cum continuously. Martin feigned shock, covering his eyes. But, then, he did look out from under the covered eyes and smile at Robert.
Christopher looked down at Melissa's opening. He needed to get something major done to it tonight. Banging and banging and banging away, he kept thinking that something should give. Then, it did. She ripped a little on an inside lip. Christopher did not think that was much, and continued to pump her hard. Then he suddenly could tell she was larger, and he immediately gave her his full load. Some of it gushed out, draining down both legs. She was still quivering, still jerking, still occasionally cuming, moving the ass back onto his penis and pulling forward. She was sort of coasting. She felt him slowly pull out what she believed a small fire hose should feel like. When he was out, she did not close down right away. The lips were red and swollen, the one inner lip notched by Christopher, and the opening just gaped.
The only thing that he said was, "I like your shoes."
She laughed hysterically. The two downstairs were sure that Christopher had gone too far and that the little white woman had been driven crazy or was horrified by the vagina changing fuck.
Upstairs, she rolled over, wiped the tears from her eyes and with real laughs interrupting her speech, said, "I am so glad that you like my shoes " "My shoes??"
Now Christopher was horrified. "You...are...angry...??"
"No, no, no, no," as she reached for his penis.
Taking it in her hands and rubbing it softly, "No, I am just happy that this can do what it did. I loved it, Christopher. Loved it."
Well, that made him feel much better. Now, he was sure that he was supposed to have done all that to her. Still, he was pretty confused by her reaction. He was thinking that a white Jezebel might, indeed, be quite different from others. Overall, he was proud of his contribution tonight.
The two downstairs did not know quite what to make of the silence that now dominated the house. Perhaps, Christopher fucked her unconscious, or, worse, fucked the delicate little thing to death. But right then Christopher double jumped stairs on the way down to the ground floor. He was smiling. For Robert and Martin, that clarified nothing about Melissa's condition. Finally, the beautiful, completely nude (except for those blue high heels) Melissa came down those stairs.
She gave Robert the come here sign with her left hand. Robert finally was able to believe that he might get some. He was happy to see that she was smiling. But, now that he was free of such stress, he remembered his own personal plans. He gave her back the come here sign; he wanted her downstairs. Her face lit up and she started on down.
Robert had a great idea for a more public performance that would have powerful sexual rewards for voyeurs. In addition, it would test Melissa's brazen attitude. How unashamed was she? Was she whore enough to be willing to let people on campus know that she was fucking large Africans during her husband's absence?
Only about 200 ft. east of their house was a large graduate student residence hall. Students of all specialties stayed there. Many were post doctorates like Martin, Christopher and Robert. Many studied and worked in the same bio science building where Melissa worked. A glass covered atrium type structure made up the southern portion of the Nigerians' rental house. It added to winter warmth and gave a great sense of openness to the house. It had a tile floor. For all walls and the ceiling, it had crystal clear glass. Most sections of the glass had motorized draping to reflect sun when it was unwanted and to add privacy. Deluxe housing? Not when your families had major investments in oil, as in the cases of all three of these men.
The atrium was a great place for all kinds of activities. Tonight, Robert had something very special in mind. Earlier in the evening, when he still had hope for his personal fantasy, he had shut the drapes on all the ground level glass. Now that he had hope again, his plan might go into action. The 6'8 Robert took the hand of the 5'2 beauty and escorted her into the atrium. Her blue high heels in no way moderated the obvious contrast in sizes.
She loved the room. Exercise equipment, all mixes of furniture, soft lighting, she thought it grand. Robert stood behind her and put his hands on her shoulders. He admired her physique, and thought the heels were a cute touch. As his hands were on her shoulders, he reached over and tilted her head up.
"Oh, dear..." were her words as she saw the full face of the west side of the residence hall looming overhead.
Everyone's picture window, on every floor, had a great view down into the atrium. It would be easy to peer down into the atrium and see clearly any activity. If one of the residence hall rooms had a telescope or binoculars, then they could watch the household very closely. Earlier that year, Robert had been with a friend who lived about half way up the building, and that friend had simple binoculars of ten power. With them, Robert could read the titles of magazines on his own coffee table. That was when he had the idea.
He was massaging her shoulders, and asked, "Well, what do you think?"
"Wow, great view. They can see just as well this direction, right?"
"Right. Only the soft light down here limits their view."
"I know a lot of students over there. There are even couples up there who Tom and I go out to eat with, or go to a show with. And you want to fuck me here, don't you?"
"Yes, a lot, all over the place. I want as many people as we can tempt, to see you as a whore"
"Oooh, goose bumps But something like this has been a part of my fantasy too. Tom and I had no way to legally be observed. But you're talking about fucking in your own house. It is not your fault, right, if someone gets a telescope or set of binoculars. It is not your duty to police them, right?"
"Right."
"Then, this seems as nice a place as any."
He was already removing his clothes. He had no underwear; he needed to send his penis down the pant leg anyway. So, when those pants came off, Melissa was astounded to find out that Robert was the biggest of the three in that household. Robert was even closer to some sexual National Geographic photo. It hung straight down like a salami. When soft, it was perhaps an inch longer than Martin's. But it was quite a bit larger in diameter than either of the others.
She walked over to him. "I bet you tore into some of those Jezebels with that."
And she reached down and began to pump him up. Part of Robert's planning ahead was to take a lot of Yohimbe earlier today, which was going to make a bigger and longer lasting erection for him tonight. He was playing with her breasts as she pumped away. He even kissed her on the mouth, which Christopher never did. He was getting very hard, in fact, rock hard.
Off a shelf nearby, he grabbed a joint. "Here, maybe this will help."
"Help you rip into me? I am pretty small, and I already have a tear tonight."
"Are you hurting? Are you done?"
"Nooooooo I didn't mean that I just want to know that you guys will let me have at least as much time as a 19 year old Nigerian woman."
"Sounds fair. By the way, I am surprised that Christopher did not do more to you than he did."
"He tried " She was back to a sweet smile, and trying to remove any doubts.
"This is nice." She held his penis with her right hand.
It finally ended up only slightly longer than Martin. But the width was about 50% more than Martin; and it was bumpy and nodular due to large veins all around it. She took the now lit joint with her left hand, raised it to her lips and drew in. She immediately choked and coughed. She even had to let go of Robert's penis. So, then, he warned her that it was strong. She considered the warning late.
Robert looked up. He knew some residents were already watching, and that was with the soft, almost candle strength, lighting that was dispersed about the atrium. Melissa was quickly getting stoned from only the one deep toke. He had thought of this plan over 6 months ago. He just had not had anyone to try it on.
Now, he had his beautiful white woman in plain sight of anyone in the residence building who might want to see. That she was white, married, known on campus, and might be seen by someone who she works with, all that was all perfect. He felt extra turned on.
By then, she was pretty heavily stoned. She looked up at the building. "So, you want to spread me out and fuck me viciously, so they can see? You want everyone to know that I am a slut, a whore, a Jezebel?"
"Yes. I want that."
"Well, that sounds pretty good to me. You can do it "
"Oh, just one more thing." And at that moment he flipped a switch on one of the columns.
Bright halogen lights came on all around the atrium. Some were clustered onto couches, weight benches and other places where it might be good to be seen fucking.
"Oh, you're really sneaky." And she walked into one of the brightest lighted sections and laid back on an angled weight bench.
She put one leg on each side of the bench. Then, she reached down and pulled her labia loose.
"I am going to need some lubricant."
He dutifully had some Vaseline in storage, and pulled it out of a cupboard. He stuck a large amount directly into her. She looked up and smiled. Then she waved at the residence hall. He was greasing himself up while she did that. She watched him bring the giant knobby thing over to her. Her perception was now affected. She was thinking that he would just start deep fucking her with it. Luckily, he was less stoned and still knew to start up carefully.
He slipped the head into her, and bumped some the veins along her length. He quickly hit bottom. The length of her vagina seemed to have shrunk back a great deal since Christopher worked on her. He started to stretch it again. Robert's entry was helped a lot by the other two men fucking her first. Now, Robert was able to quickly re-stretch her to at least the point where Christopher had her at. He was already stroking her with 8 to 10 inches. Her insides were sure a lot different than they were early that morning. A lot different.
She was cuming already too. The smoke, the other fucks, everything, was all adding up for her. Huffing, puffing, panting, and her screams and squeals were all happening.
She looked up wild eyed. "So good. So good. So good. Sorry, uh, oh, mmmm, that I, mmmm, ooooh, said that stuff a while ago. Do you still want to rip into me?"
Her opening was already laid wide.
"Sure, but just a little tonight. OK?"
"It feels so good to be so, uh, uh, Oh, ow, ow, stretched So good." She had her hands around his back as he poked deeper and deeper.
He was already at Christopher's depth.
"Oh, Oh, aaaaa, uh, mmmmm. I like being stretched."
She bucked back at him, even with so much deep in her.She grabbed his flexing butt and pulled him in , with each of his thrusts forward. There were, at least, a dozen or so telescopes and binoculars trained on that weight bench. No doubt, they could see her spread. No doubt that they could identify her, that is, if they knew her.
There was probably already a clear photo taken, for someone up in the hall must have had a 35 mm camera attached to a telescope. Even in the late 1960s, that was common. She stopped him just for a second, just to get a question in. He kept twitching and slowly oscillating while she asked...
"Do you think that they are having fun watching?"
"Oh, yeah."
"What do you think that they would like to see done to me?" She hugs up to his shoulders, and puts her mouth by his ear.
"A black man with a giant penis carving another notch in the poor little white girl?"
"I am sure that they would like to see that."
"The size that Christopher did?"
"Bigger."
And then he went back to pumping her. The scene, the beauty who he was plugged into, the possible audience, the smoke and the filthy talk reminded him that he did have a Jezebel here. She was married, yet, here she was stuck on Robert. And she seemed to frequently be asking to just be treated as such a Jezebel. That was another reminder, a reminder to proceed properly with the ritual.
She was sitting back on the incline of the dark leather bench. He began to think that it would be nice to clarify what was happening to the little white woman's vagina, just as the bright lights did for the larger scene. He was sure that a viewer would like forms of documentation. He pulled out of her, turned just a little for a better pose for the hall voyeurs, and showed the abnormally large penis. He had opened and widened the work that Christopher did. So, as busting the cherry the first time in a woman's life was a marker, Robert considered Melissa's enlargement a natural, stage by stage, indicator of a woman who was just now beginning to have sex with properly hung men.
Robert actually admired Christopher, who was not abstract or cerebral about meeting Melissa. Robert was trying to adopt Christopher's mood and the basic senses involved in the real ritual of changing another man's wife, slut, or whore. By any name, such a woman was still a Jezebel. And within her ritual, the extremely hung men saw themselves as sexual vigilantes who enjoyed their duty.
His mind started to flash back to the other Jezebels, at least to the ones he had helped change. He remembered the animal feelings of carving into the woman, of her accepting such permanent changes, of one large penis's changes then added to the changes by 20, 30, 40 or more hung men. And he realized now, as Christopher must have realized earlier, that everything was present in order to begin such an ancient ritual.
White, a tiny American woman, very beautiful and so many other characteristics should not be imposing qualities. She still was such a whore, comfortably saw herself that way, and, for some reason known only to her, seemed to want the ritual. Everything was in place. All three men, and all the ones who might help, just needed to unify in accepting her as their present project.
Only seconds had gone by. His penis was still hovering in the bright halogen light. Her creamy juices, shiny Vaseline, and a small amount of blood that he credited to Christopher's work, all that could be clearly seen smeared all over it. If there were a 35 mm with a great lens, it surely snapped more photos of this stage.
Robert Drills Melissa - VERY HARD
Robert was in project mode now, and did not want any viewer, including himself, to miss the changes that Melissa would go through. There was an iron frame lounge more central to what might be called 'the viewing area'. It had its own set of two cushions and a large mattress type area. He grabbed a simple white sheet out of the cupboard and wrapped around and through the lounge.
Since it was hit from multiple angles by many halogen spotlights, the lounge was brightest area in the room. Melissa had sat there watching the preparation, while slowly rubbing her reddened opening. Robert came back to the bench, took her hand and led her to the lounge. If any guy or gal up in the hall had a quality lens trained on the activity, they could now detail even her little fur heart and the matching long hair on her head.
He picked her up, and, while standing, started to slide her down on his penis. She held onto his neck. He got to hear all the sounds that she could make, very close up. He began to press her down onto it, and not just allow her own weight to do it. Her entire pelvic width was filling with black penis. She seemed to not be able to keep from wiggling. That made her sink faster.
Robert looked directly into Melissa's eyes. Wild hazel. They fluttered and looked around his body and her body; it was as if they asked "what next?" He reached up and took her hands away from his neck. He brought Melissa's arms down to her sides and held them and her entire body with the grip of his two hands. She tried to wrap her legs around him, but she was too small and he was much too big to have that done.
Her legs dangled. With her arms pinned and her body only for him to hold and move, she looked back into his face. He looked at her differently than he did only a few minutes ago. She might have said that he looked focused and on a quest. He started moving her body up and down, as if he were going to use the little thing to jack himself off. Her eyes went ultra wide and she gasped.
He moved around and leaned back a little, so the people in the hall might be able to better see her going up and down on him. Since she was clamped by his hands and depended on his lift, she could do nothing to soften his impact. He began to slide her up and down a little farther each time and he increased his frequency. Melissa realized that he did intend to forcefully use her body to jack off. She remembered nothing like this in the photos.
She was cuming quite often, especially after she knew what was going to happen to her. Her size and weight were no effort for him to hold and use like he was doing. Her head popped back and she could see the front of the residence hall. She wondered if any one she knew was watching her obscenity. She remembered that several of her friends lived high in the building and did use telescopes as an easy way to scan the campus.
He kept extending the range of the jack. She felt both his length, which kept stretching her vagina higher into her gut, and that extra width, which had her opening taunt, smacking and snapping. She was cuming even harder as she was both poked more thoroughly and scared now. And he had finally settled his mind. Melissa was Jezebel. She was supposed to receive his most intense fucking.
"Melissa, do you feel yourself changing inside?"
Between gasps and crying out, "Oh, yes "
"Melissa, I can answer your earlier question now. Yes, I do want to rip into you."
"I know...uh, uh, uh, ow-ow-ow-ow-ow."
He kept jacking with her body, deeper and faster.
"But I am telling you this, because, tonight, in only a few minutes, you will already be too big for your husband."
She did not say anything. She was busy squealing, ooohing and aaahing. She felt another little tear opposite of Christopher's. The feeling was identical. She bobbed her head to her chest and looked at her dangling legs. There was a new red smudge, slightly smeared into the right groin. Christopher had done his on the left.
She asked in a staccato, hard to understand, voice, "Am I too big for him now?"
He looked down at where she had been looking. "Probably. But that is not what I was talking about."
And with that comment, he ground her down on him and tried to get it all in. He twisted her body as well as slamming it down on his length. Then he fucked her that way for another 10 minutes. Melissa thought that produced, at least, two more spots.
Robert laid her on the lounge, with her back down and the two pillows behind her upper back and head. She was still gasping for air, but had absolutely never said anything about stopping. He quickly raised both of her legs above her chest, and immediately put himself back into her. He just straight fucked her hard, with full depth thrusts and lots of twisting. His goals were to make obvious changes.
She was screaming a lot with this position and his roughness. Martin and Christopher came in from the other room to check out what was happening to Melissa. As Robert had planned, the white sheet was showing the voyeurs that this was not play, and that Melissa was a small white woman being torn up by a large black penis. He closed his eyes, thought about the Jezebel that he was connected to, and thumped her hard for another 10 minutes. Then he blasted the inside of her. She came in multiples when he came. As with his friends, his gush was strong and easy for her to identify on top of all the other sensations.
She laid there trying to recover at least her breath, even if she could not recover her old vagina Her breasts were rising and falling in extreme fashion, in perfect sync with the full intensity of her breathing. Robert had stepped back, so that her opening might be completely in the clear.
The tight vagina that she had at the beginning of the day, could have never hung open, even briefly, like this one now did. The lips, the mons, the inside of both legs, just about everything down there had a slapped red look. The white sheet was red between her two legs. She held her lips open; he could see, as well as anyone with a quality telephoto lens, that her inner membrane had a star shape central to it. Five point star? Five pressure relief changes? Robert told her that it looked like a star.
"Cute. Very cute (actually starting to lighten her voice, as in a joke). Guess this means that, from this point on, I can only fuck extremely large penises. And I suppose that you are going to recommend "black" ones?"
"Of course, of course," He switched the lights to low, pulled her from the lounge and then escorted her to the bathroom.
Fair is Fair
Martin was almost sorry that he brought Melissa to his roommates. Not because of concern for her, rather concern that they took up too much of her evening and exhausted her. And they busted her up a lot, something he had been careful not to do with his first time. He was resigned to try another time, that is if she even would consider following through on the fantasy that had seemed common to all four people.
Then she returned from the bathroom. Martin was surprised that she had not gone upstairs from the atrium side and gathered her things. Her hair was combed. She still had on her heels. Most importantly, she was still nude. She stood in the doorway to the atrium and motioned for him to come in there. Martin was very happy with her. She was being a Jezebel all the way. Martin thought that he would still play good guy and come on soft.
"Are you sure you want me over here? Didn't they kind of do you in?"
"You're the one who showed me the photos. How many guys did that 19 year old take on that first night, during her, shall we call it, initiation?"
"Oh, I think I see. Seven guys fucked her that night."
"She sure has me beat. Not that I am envious about the other four tonight. But your friends sort of showed me that you were being very polite this morning, and that you held back. Am I correct?"
"Yes. Sort of feel a little stupid, since they started right in on you. I am very pleased that you are special. You are what other Americans would call perverse, and strong enough willed to follow through on such perversity."
"Wow, what a compliment, I think. Heh, heh. Guess I have been hiding a lot from many Americans, including my husband. Hopefully, he won't be sorry that he promoted swinging and playing around. But I am sure not worried about that now. And Robert tells me that it is too late to worry about fucking with little guys. I suppose that I will have to keep on doing these kind of activities instead (badly fakes a sigh)."
She had undone his belt, unzipped his pants and was dropping them as she finished talking. He quickly finished undressing.
"Clarify something for me. Am I correct, that I might bleed a lot with every change now, but that as I get larger, that will happen less often?"
"Yes. That is exactly the way it goes. Your vagina sort of learns to play with the big boys."
She motioned to the open "see all" area, now bathed in soft light. "Do you like that kind of play, too? Do you want me to keep learning how to play with boys, in there?"
"I sure do"
She moved the sheet around so they would have white, should they choose to land on the lounge. The original stains still showed for the voyeur, just at the other end of the lounge.
"Remember how you started this morning? Me standing, bent over?"
"Oh, yes I do."
"Would you like another chance?"
"Certainly."
Before he let her go any farther with her plans, he offered her another joint. She accepted. They lit up, and, between the two of them, smoked the entire joint. During the smoke, she would occasionally reach over and stroke his penis. He had gotten very hard, just thinking about being able to fully work on Melissa. He began to have the more base type feelings toward her. More proper for a deserving white Jezebel of the USA Martin was the only one who knew that Melissa had not told her husband about any of these activities.
If Robert had not already made sure, Martin was going to finish Melissa enough this very night to insure that the husband would never fit again. That way, the first time that the husband heard of her whoring, she would already be way too big for him. That was a little extra turn on kink for Martin.
In the open area, there was a surround of couch sections. You entered from the south, and all other directions were closed off by the sections as they really made an open "U", rather than a true square. Melissa looked up at the residence hall, went around to the couch on the east side. She was behind that east couch, and she looked over her shoulder at the hall, which was now directly behind her. Once positioned, she flopped all of herself, from the waist up, over onto the pleather of the couch. That left the backs of those beautiful muscular legs and ass aimed directly at the hall.
She spread her legs and said to Martin, "Don't forget the lights."
He grabbed the jar of Vaseline that was left out, switched on the bright halogen lights and walked over behind Melissa. He had her go down to the bend of the couch units, where she could lay across diagonally. Then she pushed out her ass and spread apart those legs again.
Martin realized that would allow any attentive residence hall people to see partially from the side. He greased her directly with the rest of the Vaseline that he had in his hand. Even though she was bigger, she could still identify his large mushroom penis head as it came into her.
He was amazed at how wide and deep she felt now. Within minutes, he was fucking with more than he had ever fucked her with. He was able to grab her hips this time, and pull back strongly just as he poked the penis deeper into her. He admired the work of his two friends. It was up to him to take things farther, and end the evening "big" time. One of the other two started playing some R&B music in the other room (Marvin Gaye?). Good mood music; however, he did have his own count for thrusts, twists, and overall effective Jezebel reaming.
He started slamming into her. That produced slaps, smacks, pops and screams. He really was on track for his own ritualistic contribution. Sometimes, zoned out in space, and stoned on the good smoke, he even forgot who he was fucking at that moment. Rather he saw himself punching, poking and in almost all directions stretching a vagina into a loose bag. Then he would flash back just as fast, and find out he had been doing and was doing all that for real - to Melissa
Of course, all the earlier tears were opened and she slightly trickled down both legs. She knew that was going to happen, ignored it, and pushed hard back onto Martin. She was determined to be a part of this action, action she considered hundreds of times better than fucking her husband. He reached down and spread her ass cheeks. There, for anyone watching, was a bright red opening that was easily shoved into any direction (since his imagination had been working in reality). He pulled out for a second and spread her lips. She still had a general star design. But, Martin did not know it at the time, it was larger in all dimensions than when Robert checked it out.
He went back into her with force. She spent her time squealing, bucking, shaking all over and generally cuming too many times to count. He tossed her left leg over the top of the couch. Now she only had one blue high heel on the floor. With her left leg spread wide, he was able to get in still deeper. It was sort of like a modified scissors, only standing. He grabbed her pelvis again, and with the new angle pulled back strongly. He buried himself and held her little ass on his base. With her like that, he literally screwed. Melissa was stretched smoothly through a whole 360 degrees. When she started to ooze a little onto the pleather couch, he decided to move her over to the lounge.
He just picked her up, still stuck on his penis, and carried her over to it. When he got there, he considered working that same position longer, but, instead decided to put her into a standard missionary position. He turned her around, laid her on her back, grabbed both of her knees, spread them to her gymnastic maximum, and went up the middle and straight into her. Now he was giving deep grunts as he hit so hard and gave such extra effort before and after each hit. Her little 100+ pound body jerked and quivered all over with each single hit. He pumped ever faster, then came in her, holding himself at maximum depth and twisting every last drop out. A large amount of white came out of her, layered over pink.
Still breathing fast and heavy, she dropped her arms and legs to the sides of the lounge. He began pulling out that huge penis. To Martin, it looked like he expected it look at the start of any Jezebel reaming ritual. And he thought Melissa looked like she was supposed to look, with a now very wide, very red vaginal opening that took up a much larger fraction of her pelvis than when she started. But, in Melissa's case, this more standard opening had been transferred into the smallest and lightest colored body that he had ever seen it done to. He spread her lips apart, for his curiosity and any lenses that might be focused on her. Two flaps of the star shape were gone. What was left was a fairly ragged opening that was not unlike what many women have after long experience in this world. But the 26 year old Melissa was radically different than she had been this morning. Her husband had not yet been gone 24 hours, and, already, her vagina had become far too large for his penis to ever work properly in her again.
Scheduled Workouts
Melissa sat up after Martin was done. She pulled him over and kissed him on the cheek. Maybe it was her jock history as a gymnast, her present conditioning, the power of her own personality or a nebulous combination, but she was casual about any bleeding. She was in no hurry to run to a bathroom.
With her chin on her knee, in a very modified 'Thinker' pose, she said to Martin, "That was everything. All of you were bigger than I thought any man could be. The sex felt incredibly good. And then it hurt a lot. It was wonderful, and an ultimate pleasure. It was scary and painful. I feel like every sensation was there."
Martin, "You're a special woman, Melissa. I do not know how you came to understand that all those types of sensations are necessary."
"I was thinking about things very similar, before you came along with your Jezebel stories. When you arrived, with your stories, your rituals and your big penis, or should I say penises," She looks to the other room where Christopher and Robert are calmly sitting. "then it seemed that I could try to make fantasy a reality. Sure seems real to me now "
He gathered his clothing. She continued to sit in the bright light, nude, with her red opening and red stained sheet; she looked up at the hall and gave another wave. As she finally moved away and threw the light switch and headed to the bathroom, she bent over, opened her labia and said,
"Oh, my... How often do I need to go through this to stay big or get bigger?"
"Once a week should keep things going. But we usually find many more of our friends who want to join in fucking the woman. We have had women who had such sex every day of the week."
"More guys?"
"Of course. Remember you saw photos of more than 12 men working on that one woman."
"You don't have that many Nigerian guys over here, in the states, going to school at this university."
"No, but, within 60 miles, and just drawing upon other university students who are at least mild acquaintances, I might be able to find more than a dozen new men for you. It is important to put many different men inside you, as often as possible."
"I get it. A whore, and a well used one. Lots of guys. Lots of guys who are big? This is more wild than I thought. At least once a week, huh? My pussy hurts now. But I bet I could work up to fucking with a few guys at least three times per week. Would that help?"
"Certainly. A perfect attitude, from a perfect little devil."
After his last comment, Melissa went to the bathroom, then gathered the pieces of her outfit upstairs, put the outfit on and headed for her car. With her lab manager planning skills, she had prepared for that ride home. For in that car was a small igloo ice chest, full of ice. Central within the ice was a glass dildo. She slipped it in and drove home.
NOTE: this has been part one of 1969.
You must read 1969 part two, to find out what happens to Melissa.