It has been a terribly hot, sticky summer with no relief in sight. Air-conditioners are sold out everywhere, and those that have the luxury of having it are running them at full blast. The government warns that we are in danger of a black out if consumption continues at this rate. Human nature being what it is, continue to use our electricity at a monstrous rate and soon brown outs begin to occur in neighbourhoods across the province.
We try to keep our air on low to conserve but the humidity is taking its toll. You are at work as I am here sticky and hot and thinking about our night before. Lying still in bed with a fan blowing over me; my eyes close and my hand slides down my body, lightly touching, imagining it is your hand. "Mmmmm," I moan as it reaches between my thighs. Instantly I feel the electricity in my cunt. I squeeze my thighs closed tight with my hand trapped; feels soooooo good I moan. I remember your last words to me as you left for work, no cumming today, understood? Saddened I release my hand and sigh; yes, no cumming I remind myself and drag myself out of bed,
Reaching into the shower I turn on the water until I get the right temperature, as I cannot have it hot against my skin. Being so hot and sticky I choose a nice refreshing cool temperature. Stripping off my pj's, I stand and gaze at my new thinner body in the mirror; hmmm a few more pounds... yes... maybe lift this, tuck this... "Nahhhh I'm a wuss for pain, get your butt in the shower girl!!" Stepping into the shower I. lean back and let the water run down my long hair and feel the heat release from my head... "Goddddd that feels soooooo good!"
I moan. The water runs over my tits and drips from my hardened nipples, down my tummy over my cunt. The coolness of the water against the heat of my cunt feels amazing. I grab the body sponge and squirt the liquid soap onto it and begin to wash my body, beginning with my tits. Taking each one and lathering them up; then around my tummy to my shoulders, my arms, down my back to my feet and my legs until I finally reach my cunt. The touch against my cunt makes me jump as I feel the electricity take my breath away as my mind races back to the memories of you last night. Mmmmm, I ache to have you inside me right now.
Spreading my cunt lips I wash inside and out, taking such pleasure in my own touch. I pick up the razor and shave my legs and armpits next then pay careful attention to that sweet cunt making it wonderfully smooth. Mmmmm that's better, as my hand rubs over my cunt, knowing you will be pleased. Grabbing the shampoo, I squirt out a good handful into my hand and massage it through my hair, enjoying the lathering and the delicious aroma filling the shower stall. I lean back and let the water run through my hair feeling all the delicious suds sliding down my back and my ass, down my thighs wishing it were your hands travelling down my body instead. Mmmmm, moaning again; my eyes closed as my mind once again drifts back to our night before. My hand travels slowly to my clit and begins to rub causing me to gasp. Snapping my eyes open and reminding myself... no cumming!! I quickly remove my hand from further temptation and rinse all the soap from my hair. I finish with conditioner to keep my hair from the horrible tangles and once rinsed thoroughly I turn off the shower and reach out and grab the towel from the towel bar. I wrap it around me securely and then grab the other towel and wrap up my hair. Ahhhhh yes that felt much better.
I dry off and select an outfit for the day choosing a light sundress; a soft pretty coral dress with a halter and a flowing skirt just above the knee. I don't slip on a thong or panties as you prefer me without. Smiling to myself as I feel the dress lightly rub against my nakedness underneath; my cunt twinges feeling the turn on at being so free. I return to the bathroom and continue to get myself all prettied up; applying a light summery look of makeup. I apply some light blush, a faintly tinted lip gloss, soft brown eye shadow and a coating of black mascara. Puckering up in the mirror pleased with how I look, I blow myself a kiss. Now to dry that mop of blonde, I reach down to get the hair blower, I feel my dress lightly rubbing against my naked ass. My cunt twinges again and I feel a slight trickle of juice leak from my lips. "Mmmmm", I moan again thinking yet again of you, wishing you were home instead of work. Ten minutes later my hair is dry and I squeeze a dollop of hair moisturizer into my hand and work it through my hair. I tidy up the bathroom and take a final look in the mirror; Pretty... I smile to myself and grab my purse and slip into my sandals.
Locking my apartment door, my neighbour walks past smiling and greets me, Good Morning; I nod back to him Good Morning while I fiddle with my keys and my lock until he is in the elevator. I wait for the next preferring to be alone in the elevator. During the elevator trip down, I reach into my purse and search for my sunglasses, hoping I didn't forget them and would have to run back up to my apt... phew! Found them. The doors open and I walk out into the lobby, almost run over by two small children chasing each other. "Hmpf!!" I think to myself. I attempt to push the door open, but am greeted with force as it turns to be quite windy outside. Pushing harder I finally get the door opened with a huge gush of wind, it flips up my skirt! Gasping I quickly throw my hands down to make sure no one was able to see anything, specially the two kids that just almost ran me over. I turned to make sure no one was there but was somewhat horrified to see my neighbour standing there waiting for the elevator, and was facing me. Our eyes met, and he had a twinkle in his eye; he saw... he saw my nakedness under my dress. Instantly my cunt twinged and I felt it becoming slick with my sweet cunt juice. I quickly lowered my eyes, blushing a deep red I turned and walked out the door, just as his elevator arrived. I quickly looked back and he smiled, waved and mouthed the words 'thank you'. OMG I thought; he saw my nakedness underneath. I smiled smugly, knowing that my nudity was now etched into his mind, teasing him the rest of the day. Suddenly feeling a little bolder, I let my hands off my dress and began to walk towards the mall, to where I was to meet you for lunch.
With my long, blonde hair rubbing against my back, the sun beating down on my bare skin and feeling the dress rubbing against my bare ass and cunt; I was getting wetter and wetter as I walked. As well a few car honks as they drove passed, each giving my cunt another twinge. My thighs were getting wet as my juices continued to trickle from my cunt. A few times the wind kicked up my dress allowing the drivers to get a quick flash and one car stopped and pulled over and asked if I wanted a ride. I politely declined and told him I was to meet you. He drove away muttering 'lucky bastard'.
By now my cunt was throbbing and my heart pounding; my inner thighs were wet and my cunt so slick with my sex juices. I finally arrived at the mall and headed straight to the Sports Grill and waited for your arrival. Two minutes pass and I feel your hand rub the small of my back, Electricity shoots through me as you pull me to you and touch my face and kiss me passionately leaving me breathless and melting into you. We find a booth facing the bar where several men are drinking their beer and watching a game. We both slide into the same bench, sitting close together. The cute young waitress takes our order and returns to the kitchen, and returns with our drinks. As I thank her, I feel your hand stroking my thigh causing me to stutter as I try to speak. Your hand slips under my dress onto my inner thigh and I hear you moan next to me.
You're so wet my sweet cunt. Why is that?"
I begin to blush furiously trying to find my voice.
"I... I am so horny my sweet Master!!"
Next feel your hand travel closer to my cunt; I gasp and hold my breath. I look down to see you sliding my dress further up my thighs. I look out to the men at the bar and back again at you. You look deep into my eyes, I am held there... frozen... captivated by you. I feel the cool air now on my cunt knowing that my cunt is now exposed to anyone in the restaurant. You slip a finger between my cunt lips causing me to moan, pulling out your glistening finger and put it into my mouth as I suck it clean. Two of the men are frozen in their seats. Their mouths gaping open as they watch you expose my cunt. You order me to spread my legs wider apart. Trembling with excitement and horniness, I slowly spread my legs.
The waitress brings our lunch and we begin to eat our lunch all the while my dress is hiked and my cunt is dripping down my thighs. My cunt aches painfully from needing your attention. You smile at me, noticing me fidgeting in my seat and your hand slips between my thighs and gives my cunt a slap. "Uuuuuuuh," I groan out loud as the electricity shoots through my body. The guy at the bar almost falls off his stool. I catch him staring and he blushes profusely. Your fingers play with my hardened clit, flicking and twisting, bringing me close to cumming several times. The sweet waitress returns and asks if everything was alright. You reply everything is perfect and ask for the bill. She returns with it and you quickly pay her.
Gripping my neck firmly, you lead me to the back of the restaurant while the man at the bar watches as you push me through the men's washroom. My eyes darting around as I have never been in a men's washroom, I am grateful there are no other men in the stalls or the urinals against the wall. You press me up against the stall wall, taking my face into your hand, whispering my sweet wet cunt, and kiss me. You feel my body and my soul melt into you. Your hand travels down my dress and begins to lift it completely exposing my ass and my cunt to anyone that walks in and your fingers enter me.. My knees buckle as our tongues swirl hungrily against each other. Your other hand grips lightly around my throat and slowly applies pressure as your fingers in my cunt work faster. "Ooooooooooh god!!!!" Your hand travels from my throat down my cleavage and into my halter and beings to squeeze my tit, my nipples hardening instantly. You pull my tits out and begin to suck on my nipple. I hear the door open and see the man from the bar enter. My breathing stops; thinking OMG; he can see this... he sees my nakedness but now I am so close to cumming I don't care. My legs open wider for your access, as he walks to the urinal in front of us and whips out his cock allowing me to see and begins to urinate. At this point my legs are trembling so badly my whole body is shaking. I lean on you for support.
You stand up leaving me exposed and gently but firmly guide me into the stall and sit me on the toilet so that my face is directly at your cock level. You unzip and feed me your cock and I hungrily take you Master into my warm wet mouth and begin to give you a wonderful blowjob. The man moves to the sinks and looks into the mirrors and watches you fucking my mouth. He can't take his eyes off the show. His hand moves to his cock and takes it out again and begins to stroke it as he watches us. Several moments later you pull me to my feet and switch places with me; you sit on the toilet and turn me to face away from you, so that I am now facing the man stroking his cock at the sink. Your hands slide my dress up to my waist and you pull me over top of you so that I am straddling you, guiding my hips down until your cock is lined up with my cunt.
Asking me, "Is this what you hunger for my sweet little cunt?"
I groan, "Ooooooooooh yes, yes Master, yesssss!!"
Slowly you slide me down onto your rock hard shaft, groaning as I feel you fill my aching cunt. I look out of the stall to see the other man stroking furiously as he watches your cock enter into my soaked cunt. Any moment he is going to blow his load. I begin to slide up and down on your awesome thick shaft; you expose my tits from my halter and massage them, pinching and pulling my nipples as I begin to slam up and down. I cry out, "Master, May I cum? May I cum please Master?" Knowing you had ordered me earlier today that I was not to cum, I strongly hope that you will allow me my sweet release. You can feel I am getting nearer and nearer to loosing all control, to the point of no return. You begin to thrust up harder into me, as I grind down. Your balls are tingling and tightening; soon you will fill me with your sweet cum. I cry out, "MASTER!!!!!!" You grip my hair and pull my head back against your lips, whispering into my ear, giving me the words I am aching to hear.
"CUM now my sweet Slut!"
Immediately I explode into a massive cum, gripping your cock for all that it's worth causing you to explode your precious man milk into me. Feeling your hot cum shooting up into my cunt, I collapse against you feeling so good. I open my eyes to find the other man has exploded all over his hands and down his pants. Smiling at him I slide off your cock, turning to face you I kneel down and begin to clean your cock and balls covered in our sweet juices until you are all clean. You let me know what a good girl I am as I look at you while I clean you. The other man washes up and smiles at you, nodding and thanking you. He leaves the washroom, muttering 'lucky bastard'. We tidy ourselves up and walk back through the restaurant. Just before we leave through the door, you pull me into you again, hugging me closely and kiss me passionately feeling me melting into you once again. The men at the bar begin to whistle and applaud; sending us on our way.