Madhu was in deep sleep when she woke up with a startle as she felt there is something wrong.
Is Veena not well she thought to herself as she heard some muffled cries, but she was still too exhausted so she just lied down and tried to hear harder.
She was now sure there was something definitely wrong. She quickly got up and with her mind racing she put on her clothes and picked up a small stick in case it was a burglar.
She quietly opened her door with her heart thumping in her chest and crept towards Veena's room.
The door was ajar with light coming from inside. She decided to peep in first not sure of what was happening inside, she was aghast at the sight of her friend who was bent over like a dog and there were two young guys, one was placed behind her fucking her and she was lapping up the cock of the guy in front.
The sight was absolutely mesmerising two handsome young guys were fucking her friend right next to her room like there was no tomorrow just like in the porn movies. She never thought that these things could happen in real life too.
The guy in the front was fair, short haired and looked fit but he had some darkness in him she thought to herself and it looked like he was well endowed. The guy in the front was face fucking her friend quite roughly, she now understood the source of sound was her friend gagging on the cock of that guy, he was occasionally pulling on her head to push the entire length down her throat and just then he smacked one of her friend's breast as she was down the entire length, as she pulled out she just smiled and said something to him and all of them laughed and then he smacked the other one with a similar force and Veena just moaned and backed up to take the dick of the guy behind her inside completely and moaned again.
The guy behind her was wheatish in complexion with long hair and a goatee, he was pounding her from behind quite relentlessly,the sweat was shining all over his well built body, he has a huge thick dick Madhu realised as she saw him withdraw completely from her friend and her friend turned and writhed around like a fish taken out of water.
Wow Madhu thought how would this monster feel inside me, he would definitely tear me up completely. Lost in her thoughts Madhu then realised that unknowingly her hand had already made it's way to her pussy and she was rubbing her hand involuntarily and she was already quite wet there.
She suddenly felt that all of them were looking in the direction of the door where she was hiding so she snuck down and looked through the keyhole. She could now hear them talk and the guy in the front was saying "let's take her out and fuck her in the drawing room over the sofa".
Veena protested saying "you fools! I do not live alone anymore what will happen if my room mate wakes up" the guy behind her just hummed and replied in undistinguishable sounds that Madhu was unable to understand.
The guy in the front laughed and said "let her also see the kind of slut you are" as she began to mouth her protest he shoved his entire length down her throat and then he gestured to the guy behind her to take her outside and he just smiled and nodded.
The guy behind her shoved his entire length into her in one single move as she was gagging and trying to withdraw from the cock stretching her throat from the front and "psshcch" came a sound and this was followed shortly by a moan from all of them and Veena seemed to have run out of breath taking the entire thick dick from behind in one go.
The guy behind her then bent forward and grabbed her by her legs and thighs and bent her like a rag doll over his pelvis and lifted her off the ground and started to carry her outside.
Veena was in no position to protest with the thick meat buried deep inside her and she just whimpered "no, please".
To this, the guy lifting her replied "then why were you begging like a bitch in heat over the phone to come over and fuck you. We will fuck you wherever we want".
"And yeah be thankful that we are not calling out your room mate to see you get fucked by two guys at once. She would be thrilled" the short haired guy retorted.
He then said "she is quite hot herself, maybe we will fuck her too" and both of the guys laughed and as they walked towards the drawing-room.
Madhu started tiptoeing back to her room. She got inside her room and just before she could manage to latch the door she realised that they were already in the drawing room and now if she closes the door they will realise immediately that she was watching them so she just hid behind the door when suddenly she remembered she left the stick behind.
Shit she thought to herself. Then she heard the familiar sounds of Veena getting fucked and now she was moaning continuously. Madhu could no longer control herself and she again tried to see what was happening.
She saw now the positions had changed and the short haired guy was pounding Veena from behind as she was sucking on the fat cock of the bodybuilder with her jaw outstretched.
Madhu thought this must be hurting Veena to have her jaw stretched wide open. Madhu was just too turned on now and as she reached her pussy area over her pyjama she realised it was wet, I will go into dehydration if I leak so much she chuckled to herself and then in one swift movement she took off her t-shirt and glided her pyjamas down her legs and stepped out of them.
She left them on the floor and tried to get into a better position to view the fuck fest in her drawing room. The body builder was now sitting and Veena was trying to get on top of him and the other guy was standing and wanking himself.
As she went all the way down she moaned with pleasure all over her face and started bouncing up and down. The short haired guy changed his position and was now sucking on her breasts and the bodybuilder was pulling her other nipple, and then "smack" came a loud sound as the standing guy slapped the breast he was sucking and it sounded that Veena just had an orgasm with that as she let out a guttural cry but she continued bouncing on the other guy's dick.
Sweat beads had formed a shiny film all over her chest and her boobs were now a shade of red with the slapping.
The bodybuilder then said I'm about to cum to which quickly she kneeled down in front of him and opened her mouth and both the guys laughed and the short haired guy said "that's like a good slut".
The bodybuilder then started to cum in spurts over her face, breasts and in her mouth she quickly tried collecting all of it and licking it off her fingers.
Madhu had an orgasm which she was able to muffle down looking at this and she wondered how the cum would taste.
The bodybuilder then plopped on one sofa and Veena also slumped on the floor. The short haired guy pulled her up by her hair and said "we're not done yet" and started slapping her breasts one by one which Veena was unable to defend from and pushed her on the sofa in a doggy position and said "now it's time for your ass" Veena's expression changed.
And she said "no, not today" but he just pushed it inside and she screamed and the guys just laughed.
The guy said "scream louder for your room mate" and he just started fucking her like a sledgehammer pulling her hair forcing her to arch her head backwards. He was so brutal in fucking her that Madhu was now leaking continuously just looking at them and she was nearing a big orgasm.
As the fucking speed increased there, her rubbing of her clit also increased and she orgasmed with her entire body writhing and from her lips escaped a sound which she immediately tried to stop and just then she realised the guy behind her friend was now looking in her direction.
She hid herself but continued to look from the keyhole as both of them were nearing their orgasms and he just pulled Veena around and asked her to open her mouth and came directly inside her. Veena drank down all of it. Madhu just stared in amazement through the key hole.
Just then she felt that the short haired guy looked directly through the keyhole and she felt as if their eyes met.
She just sat back and quickly went to her bed and covered herself with the blanket and looked at the door as if looking for a ghost.
She heard footsteps approach her door which creaked open slowly and she was sure it was that guy and because Veena was definitely not in a position to move.
Later she heard all of them talking and laughing and while attempting to listen she drifted off to sleep.