First, I am not a writer or do I ever dream of being one. If there are some words or punctuation errors please forgive me. I never was any good at spelling, heaven knows my mother did try.
This is a true story. I may have embellished some parts and add some fantasies.
***
It was September, the month of my birth; I was turning 48. My wife, Kim, thought it would be fun to go out to dinner at a restaurant in a neighboring town. To a little Italian restaurant that we both liked. I wore a pair of loosely fitting dress shorts, a short-sleeve shirt, and my flip flops. Kim took a little longer than she usually did. When she came out, she had on a floral blouse and a black skirt. The material of the blouse was somewhat sheer, and when the light was behind her, you could make out the outline of her body. I noticed she didn't have a bra on. I love it when she doesn't wear a bra. The floral pattern helped to disguise its sheerness. The skirt went to a few inches above her knees and buttoned in the front. Kim had left some of the buttons undone, causing a slit that ended mid-way up.
"You look extra sexy tonight."
"Thank You, so do you," she said.
We headed towards the restaurant; as we drove along, we made small talk of the day, work, and miscellaneous things. Once we arrived at the restaurant, I got out and went around to open the door for my wife. The car sits low to the ground, and sometimes it's hard to get out. My wife swung her right leg out, which caused the skirt to ride-up. I could not make out if she had panties on or not. She looked up at me, gave me a wicked little smile,
"Did you get a good view."
"No, I didn't see anything."
"what do you mean."
"Are you wearing any panties?"
"Well, maybe, maybe not, you may find out later." Inside the restaurant, the hostess showed us to a table in the middle of the room.
"Can we sit at that table," Kim pointed to one in a dark corner. "Not a problem," she led us to the table. We sat down across from each other with the wall to our sides. The table was small, with a short table cloth. The waiter came over to take our drink order. He was in his mid-thirties, a decent looking man. I had noticed Kim looking and admiring him.
She looked at me after the waiter was gone.
"Do you think he's good looking "?
"Not bad, I guess, Why?"
"Oh, just wondering."
Without any warning, Kim gave me a devilish grin, then reach down and undid two top buttons on her blouse. Her blouse was now open to the bottom of her breast. Then I felt her foot rubbing against my calf.
"A little frisky tonight, aren't you?"
"well, it's your birthday," she said with a smile.
The waiter returned with our drinks. I'm sure he noticed that Kim's blouse was more open than before because he couldn't take his eyes off of her cleavage. Which did not go unnoticed by Kim? The waiter finally looked up to Kim's face. Looking him straight in the eyes, she said: "thank you."
The waiter's face turned red because he knew he was caught
"Your welcome."
I don't think he even noticed me until he handed me my drink.
He then left.
My wife being part Italian, likes to use her hands as she talks. So as we sat talking, Kim was moving her hands and arms as she spoke; this caused her blouse to open more. I have always encouraged Kim to show more skin, so I was not going to tell her to cover up. By the time our food came, Kim's blouse was sufficiently open enough that I could just about see her right areola. I was sure from the waiter's position; he had a clear view down her blouse and could see her exposed breasts. Kim kept talking like there was nothing out of the ordinary. She looked up at the waiter, realizing what he was staring at, then looked into his eyes. He finally stopped staring at her chest and looked at her face only to see; she had seen him. She smiled, he turned red and left.
Kim looked at me as nothing had happened then said,
"Do you think he liked what he saw?"
"I am sure he did."
"How can you be so sure? "
"Because you are one sexy woman. "
"You say that because we're married."
"Well, that's true, but the bulge in his pants confirms it."
"Did he have a hard-on? I didn't notice."
"You didn't? OK, tell you what, undo one more button on your blouse and one on your skirt. Put your napkin away and move your chair back far enough so he can see your legs". Kim was reluctant but also curious to see if the waiter was really getting a hard-on.
The waiter returned to see if we wanted dessert; Kim did not attempt to straighten her blouse. He stared at Kim's breasts, then her lap, then her chest again. Kim wanting to be sure he was looking, she spread her legs a bit farther, then she looked down at the bulge in his pants, looked over to me and smiled, knowing she caused his boner. Still looking at my wife, I asked the waiter.
"That's all; we just want to pay the bill." I said for the third time, the waiter finally awoke from his trance, looked back at Kim, and said, "are you sure you don't want any dessert, hoping we would stay.
"We are good, thank you, just the check, please, "I said. He finally broke his stare.
As Kim got out of the chair, she leaned forward enough that her blouse opened up, further allowing me a good view of both breasts and anybody else that happened to be looking. I did happen to notice a couple at the table next to us, the husband leaned over and whispered to his wife, she turned and gave him a dirty look. I imagine he said something like; I sure wish you'd do that for me.
As we walked out to the parking lot, Kim asked for the keys and told me that she was going to drive.
"Where are we going."
"You'll find out."
As we drove, Kim said, "that sure was hot. I hope the waiter enjoyed his tip." With a little laugh.
"Oh yeah, he sure did."
"I love it when somebody looks at me like that. It makes me feel like I am still desirable."
"You're always desirable to me."
"I know, but I want other men to desire me too."
"They do, I hear all the time, you have a hot wife."
"You do."
"Yes, I do."
"Thank you."
We drove for a little while, then pulled into a parking lot, the sign said Rachel's.
"Rachel's?" I said
"Yes, Rachel's, I know you like it."
"I like it because you like you're doing it for me."
"I love you; I would do anything for you." With a little smirk. "Or I should say almost anything."
It was a Tuesday evening. The parking lot was pretty empty. I paid the cover charge, we walked in, looked around. There were two stages, the main stage, and a 2nd stage, both with chairs lining the stages, small tables just a little ways away and then booths on the upper level about the same height as the stages. We took a seat in one of the booths. Looking around, here were half a dozen men sitting at the main stage, a few at the smaller tables, pretty empty. We saw the waitresses standing at the bar talking to the bartender and not paying attention to the patrons. It took us a while to get one of the waitresses' attention; we finally got a drink. We watched the 1st dancer; it seemed like she didn't want to be there, along with the 2nd dancer. Both dancers where non-descriptive. I looked over at Kim and said. "This is pretty boring; do you want to go somewhere else?"
"Do you know of any other place."
"Yes, I do, it's not as nice and elegant, but it's much busier."
"That sounds good; let's go."
As I was driving along, Kim put her car seat back, undid more buttons on both her blouse and skirt, so that only one button now was holding her blouse and skirt together. She then reached inside her blouse and started squeezing her breasts, all the time looking at me with a smile.
"Do you like to watch me."
"You know I do; you're so beautiful.", She then spread her legs further apart. For the 1st time this evening, I could see that she had on a beaded type G-string. There were two strands of beads from front to back. I saw them go down and then disappear between her labia lips, causing her clit to poke out between the beads. As we passed under the street lights, I could see her labia lips glistening from her excitement.
"Does that massage your clit as you walk."
"It sure does, it's been tough for me to keep from cumming." She then moved her other hand down and started rubbing her clit between her fingers, letting out a low moan. Still looking at me, she slightly closing her eyes, letting out another moan.
"This feels great." I rolled up to a red light, a pickup truck pulled on Kim's side, the driver, a middle-aged man, looked over, then down, and he saw Kim. By now, she had two fingers working in and out of her sopping pussy. I didn't want to mention the other driver, as I was concerned that she would cover up and stop the show. I'm sure he had a clear view of what she was doing because he didn't break his stare until the light had turned red. As we drove, he tried to keep even with me so he could keep looking at Kim. He managed to pull right next to us for the next four lights. I finally made a left turn, and he kept going straight. After I made the turn, the other driver honked his horn in a sign of approval, Kim asked: "what was that for." I told her about the truck and the driver.
"I hope he enjoyed the show."
"I don't know about him, but I did. Did you?
"I did! it's making me find hot and horny" I was a little taken back by her comment, because she's always been modest and didn't want other people to see her like that.
"Here we are, T's."
"What kind of place is this?"
"well it's not quite your upscale men's club, but it's sure not a sleazy dive, the girls are little looser, let's put it this way, it's more interesting."
"OK, I'm game." We walked up to the door, the bouncer at the door said," women are free, men are $5." he said, "OK," I paid him the cover, we walked in, the place was dark, there was a long bar at the entrance, and one stage with chairs all the way around it. With small tables just beyond, the place was busy; there had to be 80 to 90 men and a few wives. The dancers that were not on stage kept walking around trying to get someone to pay for a lap dance. We sat at a table off to the side and ordered some drinks. Kim was amazed, with all the dancers being haft naked to maybe a bra and very short skirt with no panties under. "What is that area?" Kim said, pointing at the booths on the far wall separated by a 1/2 wall.
" That is where the dancers take the patrons for the lap dances."
"why the wall?"
"For a little privacy."
"OH."
She turned her head back to watch the dancers on the stage. A waitress came by, and Kim ordered another drink, the drinks were going down fairly quickly.
"Please explain the process?"
"Each dancer does three songs. By the middle of the 1st song, the dancer removes her top, if she has one on. By the middle of the 2nd dance, off comes her bottoms, then they lay on their backs with their legs spread open, showing all the patrons they're pussies. The 3rd dance they move up to the edge of the stage for anyone that had put down some money, they place a leg on both sides of the person, open her legs up spread Eagle so that the patron can look straight up to heaven. The patron is allowed to rub her legs but not anything further."
"Why did you say heaven?"
"it's Just a term! Like seeing the promised land. When the dancer is finished with the patron, she places the money between her tits, moves forward, and squeezes her tits over the guys or girl's face. Then she pulls back and moves to the next person."
Kim sat back to watch some of the dancers; she became very quiet. Even though it was dark, I looked back; I had noticed she had undone all the buttons on her blouse except for the bottom two. If she leaned forward, the blouse would open, allowing anybody to see her breasts. She also unbuttoned all but the top two on her skirt, her legs were spread apart, and her right hand was under her skirt. She was oblivious to everything, mesmerized, looking at the dancers and rubbing herself. Next to us was a table of 4 men, three were watching the dancers, and the 4th was watching Kim. He looked up, and saw that I was looking at him, he seemed a little hesitant, then I smiled, he smiled back.
Kim looked at me as I looked at the other man; she then looked at the man and realized he had been watching her. Instead of being embarrassed, she smiled, leaned over, and whispered something in his ear. One of the men at the table announced it was time to go; they all got up and started toward the door. The one that was watching Kim was last to leave, when he got up, Kim leaned forward allowing him a view of her breast, and her hard nipples, she then removed her hand from under her skirt, moved it up. Her fingers were completely soaked with her juices; she then offered them to the man; he held her wrist and began to lick them clean. One of his friends grabbed him and dragged him out; he looked like a kid that had his ice cream taken from him. I just looked on in complete disbelief, here was the woman that I thought was modest and conservative, masturbating in a strip club, and letting some unknown man lick her fingers.
Kim leaned over.
"Did you see what I just did? ... I can't believe I did that; ...it was like I was in a trance, ... please don't be mad at me. ... But it was very hot, ... oh my, I am so horny, ... what am I saying...OK, I need another drink?" I was still in shock as a girl walked up and sat down next to Kim.
"Wow, that was hot. Hi, my name is Disarray."
We both looked like a dear in headlights, Disarry said
"I have been here for a few years, and I have never seen anything like what you just did. You and I are going to have so much fun." Kim said, "Hi, I am Kim, and this is Tim." Still in shock, I just nodded, then took a big gulp of my drink. I ordered her a drink along with myself and one for Kim. Kim and Disarry started talking like they were old friends, I cannot hear everything they said because it was loud, but I could see the Kim was getting along really well with Disarry I split my attention between the two women talking and the dancers, I'd looked over at Kim, she had gone off and raised her legs along with her skirt, she was showing Disarray shaved pussy and the G string, they both giggled. Disarray then reached over and slid her finger up Kim slit; Kim's eyes closed, letting out a low moan. "Oh my God, that's good." Disarray then leaned over and gave Kim a kiss.
"We can't play out here, but there is a room that we can use. The rate is $200; it is a private room, and we can have more fun. " Kim looked over at me,
"it's your birthday, but I do really wanna do this." How can I refuse a woman in heat, I thought to myself, "sure let's go?"
"I have to talk to my manager. I'll be right back and 5 minutes," while she was gone, Kim leaned over, gave me a very passionate kiss, reached down, and grabbed my rock hard cock. "This is going to be fun." Disarray came back, reached out and grabbed Kim's hand, and let us both to the champagne room. The room was not very large, but it had a long couch, enough for two people. Kim and I sat down next to each other. The music came on, Disarray quickly removed her clothes and started dancing in front of Kim. She parted Kim's legs, and moved between them, dancing very close, turned around, lowered herself to grind her ass on Kim's lap. Kim reached around, taking one breast in her left hand and squeezing it firmly. Kim then moved her right hand down to Disarray's pussy. Then slid one finger along her slit, up to her clit, stopping, placing it between her finger and thumb rolled it, causing it to swell in size, then pushing it in as far as she could. "Oh," Disarray said, then she looked back over her shoulder and kissed Kim deeply. Kim took this as a sign, then added another finger, causing Disarry to squirm. Both still in the deep kiss, a soft moan escaped from her lips. I was amazed at what I was seeing, my modest wife, the one that I would not even consider asking to do a threesome, let alone a girl-girl, had one hand on a complete stranger's breast and the other hand in her pussy and was the one in charge.
I saw that Disarray's pussy juices were leaking out, and covering Kim's hand along with running down her leg. Disarray broke off the kiss and stood up, leaned forward, unbutton Kim's blouse, and started to caress one breast while sucking the other one.
"ya, that's it," Kim reached out, grabbed her head, and pulled it in tight to her chest. Disarray then slowly work her way down Kim's stomach, unbuttoning the last remaining buttons on her skirt, allowing it to fall to the ground. She spread Kim's legs further, lowering her face to Kim's pussy, she used two fingers to spread her labia lips open, with all the attention Kim's pussy had been getting, her lips were now swollen and puffy. Disarray looked up to Kim's eyes, licked her lips like she was going to eat a big hamburger, dove in, and started to lick Kim's pussy.
"That's it, eat my pussy, Oh, Ya, stick your tongue in there, Deeper, that's it, suck my clit you little bitch." The look on Kim's face was sheer lust. I had never heard words like that come out of my sweet wife before. Then Disarray slid one then two fingers in her pussy as she licked and sucked on her clit.
"Ohhhh, my,"
Her fingers where sliding in-and-out of Kim's sopping wet pussy at a feverishly fast pace. "I'm cummings." Kim squeezed her legs together so Disaray's mouth could not detach from her pussy.
I had unbuttoned my shorts a while ago and had my rock hard cock out and stroking it while I watched my wife getting eaten out by another woman. Kim slowly released her leg lock, looked over at me and mouthed the words, Happy Birthday. Then lifting Disarray's head from between her legs, she pointing it to my cock, which Disarray immediately moved over to start sucking it.
Kim replaced Disaray's tongue with her hand and was feverously sliding three fingers in-and-out of herself. Kim was so wet I could hear wet noises as Disarry sucked on my cock. She knew what she was doing. She would lick, then suck, and then she would swallow the whole thing to my balls. Kim was rubbing her clit feverishly, as she watched some other woman sucking her husband's cock as she had never done. She watched Disarray in amazement. She had never got my cock very far in her mouth, and I was almost at the point of cumming but wanted to hold out longer. So I lifted Disarray's head, motioned her to sit on the bench. She did, then spread her legs wide to allow my wife in. Kim got between her legs, leaned forward, and started to reciprocate by eating her pussy. Kim went to town on her new friend, licking, sucking, inserting fingers, then twisting them. Disarray was quickly thrashing from Kim's actions. The sight of Kim eating out Disarray was so erotic, and I needed a piece of it. I moved behind my wife, slid my rock hard cock into her sopping wet pussy, and began to fuck her like there was no tomorrow.
As I pumped my cock into Kim, she would lurch forward into Disarray's pussy, with each stroke, we all became closer to orgasm. It was like a chain reaction Disarray started cumming, she grabbed Kim's, head, then force it deep into her pussy, she shook from her orgasm. Kim's legs became leak and shook as she orgasmed, clenching her pussy hard on my cock, causing me to explode deep into her womb. After a few minutes, we all recovered, gathered our clothes. We said our goodbyes to Disarray; she hoped that we be back to see her again. We said that we would. That is a different story
Kim had only buttoned the top button on her skirt, and the bottom two buttons on her blouse. As we walked through T's, many of the men watched my wife. I could see her breasts were barely covered, and every stride her skirt would open so everyone could see her pussy. Once in the car, I headed home, Kim looked over at me and said, "
Happy Birthday, I love you so much."
I looked at her and said, "this was the best birthday I've ever had."
"I'm so glad I could do this for you, but it's not over yet." Kim leaned her seat back, unbuttoned her skirt and blouse; she was completely exposed.
"That was the most erotic exciting thing I've ever done, but I'm still horny," she reached into the glove box pulled out her hairbrush, she began to push the handle between her still glistening wet labia lips. Laying back in the seat with her feet on the dash, legs wide apart, she was fully exposed for the world to see. "I am so hot and horny," as she kept moving her hairbrush in and out, still gazing at me.
Most of the way home was on the expressway. About 10 minutes into the drive, Kim still looking at me with her hairbrush working away, I saw a semi-truck easing up on Kim's side of the car. Then the truck driver was side by side with Kim. I saw him look over, then down at Kim.
"Kim, there is a truck next to you.
"So."
"I am sure he can see all of you and what you're doing."
"You think so?" she turned to look at the driver, lowered her right leg, allowing the driver a better view.
"Do you think he can see better now?"
"Most likely." She then lowered her window, so there was no doubt of what she was doing. Kim looked over to see the trucker, then back at me, smiled, and then looked back at the trucker.
"I think he deserves a good show, don't you." she then reached up, squeezed her breast with her free hand, using the other hand, fiercely sliding the hairbrush in-and-out of her pussy. The trucker matched our speed for 20 minutes, constantly watching Kim. She kept moaning all the time; finally, she pulled her knees up to her chest, exposing her derriere, a few more strokes, she let out a scream.
"I'm cumming," then curled up.
The trucker must have had blown his load also because he let out a long blast of his horn. After she had stopped shaking, she looked over at me. By now, I had to rerelease my hard cock from my shorts and was stroking it.
"That was fantastic, but I'm exhausted; are you going to be able to drive the rest of the way?"
"Yes,"
"Can I take a little nap? I promise you will get a reward."
"Sure."
Kim fell asleep, and it took me 20 frustrating minutes to get home. I pulled in to the garage, got out, my dick still out. I walked over, opened Kim's door; she looked up at me, smiling. "Hey, their big boy." She Reaches out, opened her mouth, and started to suck my cock. This time was different; she would slide in and out each time, taking more in her mouth until her nose was against my stomach. It was heaven; she kept doing this until I was about to blow my load. Kim had never let me cum in her mouth, let alone swallow. So I was ready to pull it out when she grabbed my ass and pulled me deeper than before. I had my dick so deep in her throat there was a bulge in her throat. That was the final straw; I came, she swallowed like a pro, I pumped another load down her throat. She didn't spill a drop; she stood up still naked, opened her mouth to show me her treat, then swallowed it.
"If Disarry could do it, I should be able to do it too. I love you."
"I love you too."
We were both exhausted and went to bed.
The next morning when we woke up, Kim smiled at me and said, that was definitely an exciting evening.
Happy Birthday