For those that commented so nicely on my previous Prequel about Chrissy Thank You.
This is the beginning of the story I wrote first. It is quite a long tale and will be slow to edit and tidy but be patient it will come. I hope you will enjoy the story; some chapters are better than others but I hope you will like them all to a degree.
As with my other story's this is set in a fictional world where there are no nasty diseases and no unwanted pregnancy. All Characters are completely fictional and over the age of consent.
I am a total amateur at this and write purely for my own pleasure, I know that my Grammar is not great and there will be mistakes, if that's a problem for you read no further I could use someone to edit these tales but why waste someone else's time.
I welcome comments as long as they are constructive, if you want to leave abusive messages about something offered to you for no charge then also feel free I won't hold it against you, after all the world would be dull without morons to brighten the day.
If my story is so dull to you that you would rather count misplaced comers and wayward punctuation, then why did you bother reading the whole thing just click the little cross and find something better written.
*****
Sunday we awoke late, following the night before which had been finished off with some great sex before collapsing into a deep sleep, we were in no rush to do much, after showering and coffee we sat and chatted, I would have to take Chrissy home today as I was working tomorrow. I suggested that we both created a list of ideas or fantasies and we agreed to text each other a new idea at regular intervals during the week.
After I had dropped Chrissy at her mums, I sat at the computer checking out eBay. Obviously Chrissy liked exposure so I searched through the ladies clothing section looking for items of interest.
Text from Chrissy, 1st one to get started, tie me to the bed and use me in any way you wish xxx
Well as she had set the ball rolling, I suggested, following one of my purchases on eBay that she went out in only see through clothing my choice of destination.
Wednesday had passed and as I drove home the text alert went and I smiled, the last 3 days had passed with 5 or 6 texts everyday with new ideas from us both, I had spent a small fortune on line surprised at what's available when you take the time to look.
I pulled over into the services for a coffee and checked the message,
The message was, I'm feeling horny can I see you tonight? Xxx
I replied that I would be home in an hour and Chrissy asked if I could pick her up on the way past her mums.
I hadn't received any of my online purchases yet so thought we should look at one of the other ideas, I had been giving it some thought and had an idea which could be fun.
I pulled up outside and Chrissy came out, she looked good in a pale blue sundress, her long hair tied in a ponytail she slipped into the car and kissed me, a combination of how good she looked and my plans for the evening had my cock stiffening already.
On the way home I pulled into a supermarket and told her I needed to get a few things, we grabbed a trolley and started round the shop, Chrissy asked what I was getting so I told her that we were going to walk each lane of the super market and only buy things that I was going to use to fuck her with, she laughed and said "oh yeh that sounds good". The first line was the fruit and veg section I chose the obvious, a cucumber, Banana and a large carrot as I started to move on Chrissy grabbed a squash of some kind and a marrow it wasn't huge but was much thicker than the cucumber I thought she may be being a bit optimistic. We continued round finding various bottles of different sizes, some candles and again Chrissy surprised me by taking a candle that must have been as thick as my wrist. We also stopped at the baby section and I got some baby oil, Chrissy smiled and added a tub of Vaseline.
We paid for our purchases and headed for home, as we went up the stairs to my flat, I had the top two floors I watched Chrissy as she walked ahead of me I could see enough to know that again she was wearing no knickers, thinking back I had yet to see her wearing any underwear at all.
As soon as we were in the flat she pulled the dress off and was again naked, I dropped the shopping bags and took her into my arms exploring her mouth again as I caressed her firm bottom. Pushing her slowly backwards towards the bedroom and then onto the bed I kissed her again. Using some neck ties I secured her to the bed and stepped back to look at her spread eagled. I quickly stripped and knelt on the bed beside her I then pushed my hard cock into her mouth. She looked great and her mouth was working wonders, wanting to test her limits and also do as instructed and push her boundaries I leant across her and started to slowly fuck her mouth, with her head on the bed she had nowhere to escape as with each thrust I went a little deeper until I felt my balls hit her cheek as she took my whole length. She was not even gagging, I could feel her swallowing as I fucked her throat but relentless I carried on fucking her faster now my balls slapping her cheek with each thrust and her gasping in air with each withdrawal with a final shove I buried my cock deep in her throat as I came, I rolled off her both of us panting for breath.
Once recovered I retrieved the shopping and returned to Chrissy still securely tied to the bed. I started with the baby oil, liberally coating her body until every inch from toe to neck was shining with oil, I played with her hard nipples while fingering her greasy slit first one, then two fingers, when I slipped in the third she started to moan and grind back into my hand. I picked up the slimmest item we had bought and pushed the candle into her pussy, after my fingers the candle wasn't doing much so I switched to something bigger, the cucumber slipped in. I watched her pink pussy as it stretched to accommodate the size. Chrissy pushed back taking it deep inside her, I responded by slowly fucking her with the big green vegetable. I could see her pussy lips swelling and become fuller and her juices where now covering her inner thighs. I fucked her harder with the cucumber, she was trying to raise her hips to take more but her restraints held and restricted how much she could move. After a while I removed the cucumber to groans from my captive but her displeasure was short when I slipped the neck of a tapered wine bottle into her. Slowly I eased in the bottle, again she pushed back as much as she could. The gradually widening bottle stretched her pussy open wider the more she took, her pussy was dripping with a mixture of baby oil and her own juices. Chrissy was groaning and grinding herself into the bottle as she finally took the full width of the bottle stretching her pussy wider than I could have imagined she shuddered then screamed and for the first time in my life I saw a woman squirt, she drenched me in a fountain as she came.
As she lay there trembling I removed the bottle and my mind curious covered my hand with the Vaseline. I slipped all four of my fingers into her pussy and slowly pushed and twisted my fingers she took me up to my knuckles with ease, tucking in my thumb I continued watching as her already stretched pussy took more and more of my hand. As the widest point was reached I slowed and gently pushed watching with fascination as my whole fist was taken in to her pussy to the wrist. I slowly started to slip in and out watching intently her pussy going into spasms as she came again. Faster and faster I fisted her, she was screaming as she came again and again soaking the bed and my hand repeatedly I slowly withdrew my hand and let her trembling subside, clearly exhausted I released Chrissy from her ties, and lay next to her while she slept.
The following morning, I called into my office and said I would not be in until after the weekend, as the company was mine no one could complain and I had managers in place that were more than capable. The sun was shining and I was looking forward to some more time with Chrissy, I was waiting for her to awake drinking a coffee when the postman arrived with a few small parcels the first of my online shopping items had arrived.
The first contained some bikini bottoms, well sort of. Two were just string one which would frame her pussy, like a bikini with only a string triangle around the outside and no material within the triangle to cover her. The second one was just a string round her waist with another that would just part her pussy lips and cover absolutely nothing. The third looked like a normal all be it very small thong bikini but the lower point of the triangle of material at the front was cut off leaving an opening, the picture on the packaging showed that when stood up it looked normal but when sat or laid down the models pussy showed completely within the cut out. The other parcels contained a white fishnet beach cover, a blue spotty dress with a white lining as the blue layer was very sheer, and a short denim micro mini dress with a full length zip up the front.