The Cock Crows
Sean and Ash watch IR porn together and he tells her he is aware of her plans to cuckold him
Later that night I took my time with my shower and shaved my pubes to get rid of any tiny stubble. I like the feel of my bare pussy. I felt aroused just moving my fingers over my labia lips.
I put on a sheer baby doll PJ with matching micro bikini panties and checked the mirror. The PJs wouldn't be on me long. I liked my look in the mirror and practiced making pouty lips and faces. I'm ready.
Sean was already in bed with his tablet staring intently at the screen.
"What'cha watching honey?"
"I'm reading erotic stories on Literotica."
"Are they better than porn movies?"
"Sometimes I think so. But I like well scripted porn movies, too."
"Connect the laptop to the TV monitor and let's watch some porn." I said, grabbing his cock through his sleep shorts.
"Anything in particular?"
"Addy was talking about black cock porn she and Eddie watch."
Sean connected the laptop to the TV and was at PornClub checking on the category INTERRACIAL and scanning titles. All the while I was gently jerking his cock. I felt pre cum wetting his shorts.
"Stop there, Sean. Let's see 'Black on Blonde'. Take your shorts off. I want to watch you while the movie's on." I said in his ear as I removed my PJ top.
I grabbed his cock and snuggled closer to him smiling as his monster started to grow.
The movie looked professionally shot.
It opens with a ground level camera shot of a blonde with long legs and 5" fuck-me-heels walking around a large private pool towards a male figure lying naked on a chaise lounge. The camera shows her swishing mini skirt and ass cheeks as she strides confidently towards the male. I did think the opening was erotic as her skirt swished against her naked ass.
I can feel Sean's cock throbbing and jerk it gently as pre cum drips on my hand. "Perv." I thought.
The camera stopped moving as she walks away from the lens allowing a full view of her killer body from the rear. She stops and plants her legs on either side of the chaise lounge above the resting male.
The camera zooms in between her legs capturing the male's face as he turns over and looks up her body stopping at her face.
Another camera angle from the front shows the male on his back. The angle tightens and shows him stroking a very thick 10 inch cock.
We watch as blondie slowly lowers herself onto his manhood. I don't know how she was able to hold that position for so long. It's probably great exercise for her abs.
His purplish helmet spreads her labia lips as his cock enters her. She stops, raises her cunt a few inches and then drops down on him. The movie fades to black.
Sean turns the TV off with the remote and turns to me. I'm still stroking his throbbing cock and think he's too horny to watch the movie and wants to fuck me now.
Her traces his finger around my erect nipple.
"So tell me, Mrs. Sean Evans. When are you planning to cuckold me?"
I can only imagine the expression on my face as I look at him with my jaw sagging open.
"Ed told me he has been pandering the male hospital staff for Addy for a long time. He gets more sleep, and 'sloppy seconds' turns him on. Have you fucked anyone since our wedding ceremony yesterday?"
"No...No I haven't. I mean...No! Honey, you've got me all wrong. I haven't fucked anyone but you since we became a couple. I don't know what Eddie told you, but..."
"Stop right there, Ash. I've known about the videos on her PC for months."
Then he turned on top of me and got between my legs and nibbled at my clitoris, and I bucked reflexively.
"Are you displeased with my love making?"
"Uh...No...No. Definitely not."
"Then what do you want Ash?" He began fucking me with his tongue until I couldn't think, or talk.
"Do you want a big cock like Terry's in your cunt?"
"Uhh..."
"I don't know if Eddie has introduced her to Tom in radiology. From our showers after racquetball, I'd say he's a good 10 inches. Would you like a 10 inch cock up your ass?"
Now he is finger fucking me.
"Uh...I can't talk while... you do that to... me." I sobbed.
He got up and knelt down, pulling me into his cock and started fucking me. Oh, how wonderful.
"I will not be a cuckold, but youwillbe my slut. I will choose who you fuck and when, not you. Turn over slut because I'm gonna fuck your ass."
He spun me over like a rag doll and had me on my hands and knees before I could catch my breath. Then pushed my head and shoulders to the mattress pulling my ass in the air.
Worried? Fuck no. I was trembling with excitement as Sean never behaved like a caveman before.
SMACK!
"Owww!!" He slapped my ass hard.
"Still want another cock?"
SMACK!!
"NO!"
SMACK!!
"I don't believe you!"
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
"OWWWWW! That fucking hurts Sean!"
He rammed his swollen cock in my pussy then fingered me. I was flooding fluid. He opened my sphincter with two fingers and lubricated my ass hole with the juices from my cunt. He was fucking rough. My pussy was dripping from excitement.
He placed his cock head at my anus and pushed.
"Owww, you're too rough!" I screamed.
SMACK!! And then he was inside me and he stopped thrusting and waited for me to adjust.
The pain slowly evaporated as he began to push and pull, in and out. Soon I felt an urgency in my pussy.
"Fuck me harder!"
Nothing.
"Sean! Fuck me harder."
He increased the tempo of his thrusts. That's better.
His rhythm is increasing and the pounding is slowly getting harder. Now I feel uncomfortable but also extremely turned on at the same time. I'm perspiring and my heart is racing. Oh, I'm being fucked good, and my body tingles all over.
"Don...Don't stop...Sean. Fuck me like that."
Then he stopped. He fucking stopped!!
He threw me on my back, sucked my breasts and shoved three or four fingers in my cunt and fingered fucked me until I was nearing a great orgasm...and then he stopped again!! I stretched my head over and bit his forearm.
"Why'd ya fuckin' stop, Sean? Why?"
"Because I'm the male, not you! You fuck when I tell you to fuck, and cum when I tell you to come."
He grabbed me by the neck and just held his hands there, not choking me. He then mounted me again and thrust his cock back inside me.
"Oooh!" But it felt good, and my blood started rushing in my veins telling me I was nearing an explosive orgasm.
He kissed me hard and started thrusting in me again. He picked up the tempo of his strokes and I felt that I was getting back in the groove for a great climax.
He whispered into my ear. "I love you, Mrs. Ashley Gordon Evans. I also love your perfect body and what it is capable of doing to please me."
With that said he thrust harder and faster making me cum until I passed out.