Please note that this story involves graphic non-consensual sex. If such a story might offend you then please do not read any further.
Please do not copy this story without the author's consent.
*
"Happy Birthday, Claire" said my parents with big smiles, passing me a bundle of beautifully wrapped presents. I was still in my pj's, getting a big hug from my mum and dad on this, my 18th birthday.
"Thanks. You shouldn't have bought me so many presents. But you wont hear me complain" I giggled as I returned to my room to open my presents.
I was finally an adult. Able to make my own decisions, decide what I do and when I do it. I couldn't take the grin off my face. Nobody could!
I opened my presents, which were the usual gifts of pyjamas, jewellery, clothes and money. I was also given a gift voucher for the IKEA store. My mum knew that I needed a new wardrobe and had given me the voucher to choose my own.
The rest of the morning passed fairly quietly. Had breakfast with mum and dad and spoke about my sister's upcoming wedding, which I was going to be a bridesmaid.
Later, I got changed into a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt that accentuated my 18 year old tits. I was a 34C, but somehow they felt even bigger this morning.
I had a small breakfast as we were going out to celebrate with a birthday dinner tonight. My parents, my two sisters (Katie and Laura) and their partners were all going as well as my closest friends. I was looking forward to it.
Before that though, I decided that I wanted to go and get my wardrobe. I phoned my sister, Katie, and asked if she could drive me over. She arrived just after 1 o'clock with her fiancé Aaron, just at the same time as my friend Kirsty dropped off a gift. She couldn't stay as she was on her way to work in the local supermarket.
I went to my room to open my gift as I knew Kirsty could be a bit risqué with her gifts. She was a total slut. Last year she bought me a butt-plug, which has remained unopened in the back of my underwear drawer. She's not my best friend, but my oldest friend. As I expected, Kirsty had got me some lacy underwear that was also crotchless. I laughed when I opened it. She had also gone to the trouble of buying me a rampant rabbit. 'Excellent choice', I thought as I sniggered.
I thought I should try my new naughty underwear on before I went out to get my new wardrobe. I slipped out of my jeans and panties and tried on the new pants. Realising that the pants looked a bit ridiculous with my hair sticking out of the hole, I decided to give myself a quick trim, not that anybody was gonna be looking.
I had a rather painful experience when I turned 16. I had slept with my boyfriend at the time and had decided that sex would have to wait. Boys were so rough and clueless. I wanted to wait for a real man to make love to me and teach me everything I needed to know. I wasn't gonna be some slut for a high school boy.
So the trimming of my hair was just for me. I do like to touch myself occasionally and I found that trimming my bush always got me a bit horny. I stood up and realised that I had cut off a bit more than I had meant to -- I was almost bald. Although, when I tried the pants on it was much better looking. I could actually see my pussy lips sticking out of the hole in the pants, and it was blatantly obvious that they were wringing wet.
I decided that I had enough time to try out the new toy that Kirsty gave me. I ripped open the packaging and put the batteries in. The though of putting this monster inside of me had gotten me so juicy.
I lay back on my bed, which faced my door with a full length mirror on it, and watched myself bring my feet up next to my bum as I spread my legs. I slipped the 'rabbit' in slowly at first letting my wetness slip over the first few inches. I could feel myself close to cumming already and looking in the mirror and noticing that I had 8 inches inside of me was the biggest turn-on. I felt so dirty and naughty. I started breathing heavily and pinched my nipples with my left hand whilst my right hand was thrusting this heavenly toy in and out of my sopping pussy.
I closed my eyes just as I was reaching climax and stifled my scream of pleasure. My eyes stayed closed for the next 20 seconds or so as I was coming down from my climax. I was still moving the vibrator in and out of me very gently and had a huge smile on my face.
My smile soon disappeared when I opened my eyes to see Aaron, my sisters fiancé, looking back at me from the entrance of my door.
"Nice show" he said with a surprised smile on his face.
"What the fuck are you doing in my room" I whispered while I hurried to cover myself up. "Get out" I said quietly, keeping the noise down so that nobody else would come in and see me with these slut pants on and a soaking rampant rabbit wetting my bed sheets.
"Ok, calm down", he smirked "it's time to go. We'll wait in the car"
He closed the door behind him. I had always thought of Aaron as the brother I had never had. He was an attractive man, but I wasn't attracted to him.
"Hurry up Claire", my sister shouted from outside my room. "We've not got all day."
"Just coming" I said as I slipped on a new skirt that I had got from Katie.
I just had enough time to dry myself off from my orgasm and get out into the car. I sat on the back seat by myself as Aaron and Katie made small talk about my birthday, their wedding and the place we were going for dinner tonight. I tried to forget that Aaron had just witnessed me bringing myself off -- something no other man had been privileged enough to see.
We all went into IKEA and headed straight for the wardrobe section -- I knew exactly what I was looking for. Katie went to look for a new bed and some other bits and pieces while Aaron helped me with lifting the three boxes for my wardrobe. We were queuing at the tills when he asked me "Do you do that to yourself regularly?"
"Sorry? What did you say?" was my confused response.
"You know. Touch yourself and use a vibrator?" he whispered into my ear.
I just stood there not knowing what to do. My face was burning up with embarrassment and anger. How could he ask me that.
"Well?" he said staring right at me. I realized I had been silent for about 60 seconds.
"No. I mean yes, no, that's none of your business. Me touching myself is private." I said with authority.
"Ok" he said with a smile. "but the cashier would like your card to pay for the wardrobe."
It was only then that I realised that she had heard everything I had said. I was mortified.
"Oh, ok. Here you go". I passed over the gift card.
Aaron had walked away with the wardrobe and I had to walk faster than normal to catch up with him.
"Why did you ask me that?" I screamed at him as we got outside.
"Listen Claire, it was only a question. You do know I'll need to tell Katie about what I saw. We don't have any secrets, you see. It's healthy for our relationship."
"You cant tell her that," I ordered. "you just cant"
"Don't worry, I'll just tell her I walked in and you were masturbating. I won't tell her that you were thrusting a vibrator into yourself. She'll not care" he said.
"No, I don't want her knowing that. You shouldn't have walked into my room. Don't tell her anything. Please." I pleaded.
We had arrived at the car and Aaron started putting the boxes into the car.
"I'm not gonna ruin my relationship Claire. We need to be honest about everything."
"Stop being such a wanker. You don't need to tell her anything."
At that moment Katie arrived at the car with a new plate set.
"Whats going on here?" she asked
"Nothing. We're just talking about the cost of the wardrobe" I said, trying to deflect attention away from our argument.
"No. I mean with the wardrobe -- it's taking up half the car." She said confused.
Due to the length of the wardrobe, Aaron had to put the passenger seat down and lay the boxes over it and onto the back seat. There were no only two seats available. The driver seat and the seat behind that in the back.
"How are we all gonna fit in there?" she said grinning. "You two are idiots, you should've asked for it to be delivered."
"Well I'll go back in and ask them then!" said Aaron angrily.
"No, that's ok. As a punishment for being so stupid you can sit in the back with Claire on your knee. I'm driving." She laughed as she got into the car.
Aaron got into the back seat and looked at me with his arms out. Despite my protests they told me to get in. I sat on his lap and we made our way home.
Once we had got onto the motorway, Katie put the music on. Aaron had been a total gentleman and I hoped he had decided not to mention the earlier incident.
"Why is my lap wet?" he whispered into my ear.
I put my hand down on to his lap and realised that my pussy had been leaking from my crotchless pants onto his jeans. They were soaking. I closed my eyes trying to think up an excuse.
"I don't know. Have you pissed yourself?" I asked.
I turned around to see that he was raging. He put his hand around my waist and made his way up my thigh.
"What the fuck are you doing?" I asked as I put my hand on top of his -- stopping him going any further.
"Get your hand off me or I will tell Katie right now what happened earlier." He whispered sternly.
As soon as my hand loosened its grip he made his way to my pants.
"Please don't..." I started to say before he said "Aaah, just as I thought -- soaking wet. You're filthy. And crotchless pants?"
"Please don't do this. Take your hand away from there" I said as I tried to pry his hand away from my soaking pussy.
"No, let me tell you how this is gonna work. You have two options." He started rubbing my clit and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't pull his hand away.
"Option 1. I tell Katie everything and she realises that her sister tried to seduce her boyfriend by masturbating in front of him then wearing crotchless pants and rubbing her juice all over him. Or Option 2. I say nothing to Katie on the condition that you take out my cock..."
"No, no, no. No way!" I interrupted him and yanked his hand off my pussy.
"Ok then, I will ask Katie to put the sound down. Katie?" He said just quietly enough that she wouldn't hear.
"No wait. Please. Why would you do this? I'm almost your sister." I asked.
"But you're not my sister. So, take my cock out of my jeans and put it inside your pussy. All of it." He ordered.
"There must be something else I can do" I said as I started to cry without making any noise.
"There isn't. So whip it out and get the job done."
Tears were streaming down my face as I reached into his jeans and pulled out his hard cock. I yelped as I felt the width of it. It was at least twice as wide as the vibrator I had thrust into myself earlier on.
"Please" I begged as I turned around and looked into his eyes as my hand struggled to release his huge cock from his jeans.
"You know you want it. If you don't put it in within the next 10 seconds I will force it in myself", he threatened.
"Ok, ok, just give me a chance" I said through gritted teeth as I fully released his cock and realised that it was also longer than anything I had ever had in my pussy.
I had to lean forward on the seat so that I could line Aaron's cock up with my pussy.
"You okay?" yelled Katie over the music, wondering why I was leaning into her chair.
"Yeah, just trying to get comfy" I shouted. She bought it. I can relax, I thought.
Next thing I knew Aaron was forcing me down onto his cock. I was so wet that it slipped right into my now stretched pussy. I screamed out loud due to the pain.
Katie turned around to see what was happening and just seen me screaming.
"Cramp in my leg" I cried so that she wouldn't realise what was going on. I was now leaning forward, my head against the back of Katie's seat. My ass raised off Aaron's thighs, his cock still half inside me.
Katie laughed and said "You're so unfit. You will need to get a better sex-life so that you can get some proper exercise."
By now I was rising and falling on Aaron's soaking cock -- dripping with my juices. Katie thought I was just in a lot of pain.
"Aaron, rub her leg. Don't worry, I won't get jealous" laughed Katie as she kept her eyes on the road.
Aaron used this opportunity to reach around and rub my clit. I couldn't believe it. I was starting to come for the second time today.
"No problem" said Aaron in such a way that it sounded like he didn't want to help.
They way I was leaning forward, lifting and dropping my pussy onto Aaron's cock as subtly as I could, gave Aaron the opportunity to play with my ass. He was groping that with his left hand and stroking my clit with his right hand.
Just as I was about to cum, Aaron slid a finger into my tight virgin ass. This sent me over the edge. I started rocking back and forth wildly and screamed. I had never put anything in there before. Katie thought it was just my cramp and was laughing as much as she could whilst driving.
Just as I finished coming I felt Aaron shoot his load inside me causing me to cry out again. I wasn't on the pill and I knew that this could be a disaster.
We were almost back at my house, less than a minute away. I started to lift myself off his cock and put it back into his jeans and Aaron buttoned them up.
Katie parked the car and turned around to see me sitting on Aaron's lap and clutching my leg, with tears streaming down my face. She stopped laughing and said "Are you okay?"
"That's the worst cramp I've ever had" I said with a weak smile. Katie got out the car and opened the back door to let us out.
As I stood out onto the pavement I started to feel Aaron's cum running out my pussy. I thrust my legs together to try to stop it and then ran inside the house as fast as I could.
"What about the wardrobe" shouted Katie.
"That's ok. I'll bring it in" said Aaron.
After he had brought the wardrobe in, Aaron managed to get me alone and said "That was fantastic in the car. You have the tightest little pussy. This can be our little secret. I wont tell anyone you came on to me." He then winked at me.
"You bastard!" I cried. "Im not on the pill and you came inside me. You raped me."
"What? I didn't rape you. You had an orgasm. Did you not enjoy it?" he gloated. "Don't say I raped you. That's nonsense."
I tried to storm passed him to get away from him.
He pulled me close and said "Lets do this again sometime."
Little did I know, it would happen again sooner than I ever expected...
To be continued...