This is a work of fiction. It isn't fantasy, but it is fantastic. It is not a short read, so those seeking instant gratification might be better served elsewhere. Enjoy.
----------
I pressed my face against the door. Cold waves of sweat danced across my skin. I'd had too much to drink, again—way too much. But hey, how many times do you turn 21? In my case, this was the third time I'd celebrated my coming of age with a night of partying. Or maybe this was the fourth? Whatever.
I just needed to catch my breath and let the pounding in my head subside. The wood of the front door felt cool on my cheek. My father certainly loved his wood; the double-entendre made me laugh, which immediately sent a fresh wave of pain through my skull. Shit. "Just breath," I said out loud. If I could just make it to my room, I might survive this.
I had plenty of time to sleep this one off; partying started early today. I hooked up with Derrick in the middle of the afternoon. Derrick was my current partner in crime, and occasional fuck-buddy. We were already on our fourth round of drinks when Derrick's rotating posse of glassy-eyed party animals showed up. By the time we stumbled out of the second club, I was good and truly ripped. And it was only 9:30. Early by my standards, but when you're cooked you're cooked, so I called it a night.
I had almost found a lull in the pain and the nausea long enough to attempt the next leg of my journey when the floor fell away. Correction, the wall fell away. No, the door I was leaning against opened. I didn't have a firm grasp on the whole "vertical vs. horizontal" thing at the moment.
I instinctively tried to take a step to catch myself, but that only served to propel me further into the entryway. I came to rest on my back, limbs at odd angles. The light above me was glaring. I turned my head so my cheek was against the floor. "Is this oak or maple?" I thought to myself, examining the inlaid wood that had so recently come into view. There's so much fucking wood in this house, you'd need a botanist to identify it all.
Instead of focusing on the floor, I probably should have been focused on the five people standing over me: three distinguished gentlemen in conservatively tailored suites, accompanied by two elegantly dressed ladies. I should have recognized that my father occupied one of those suits. I should have been concerned that my already disheveled hairdo had become unraveled, that one of my favorite "fuck me" stilettos had lost a strap in the fall, and that my shamefully short pink party dress had ridden up and was now well above my waist.
What should have been at the very top of my list of concerns was my traffic-sign yellow G-string with the words "slippery when wet" across the crotch, which was now clearly visible to all present. That thong was intended for Derrick, but he got too plastered to do anything about it.
No, I wasn't concerned about any of those things. My inebriated brain was actually worried that it would look bad for a professional party girl, such as myself, to be found sneaking into the house at the outrageously early hour of 9:30 PM. I hatched a plan. I would hop to my feet, make some witty remark, and stroll gracefully from the room.
What actually transpired was that I tried to stand with all the grace of a newborn calf. My rubber legs and disconnected shoe strap sent me right back down to the floor again, this time sunny side (ass cheeks) up.
And then it happened. The sudden fall, followed by my pathetic attempt to right myself, followed by another fall was too much movement, too soon. I could feel the freight train of nausea start at the pit of my stomach as it began its journey north. I knew there was no stopping it. I knew I was going to hurl, and I did. Jell-O shooters, some hot wings, and a lot of booze now covered several pair of expensive leather shoes, at least one exquisite pair of pumps, and the oak flooring. "Definitely oak" was the last thing I remember thinking before passing out.
----------
The light through the window was strong and bright. "It must be late morning," I thought, congratulating myself on my razor sharp deductive skills. I slowly took in my situation.
I was in my own bed. That was a huge relief. My shoes and dress were nowhere to be seen. A peek under the covers showed I was still wearing the G-string, but nothing else. I didn't reek of vomit and vodka, so someone must have cleaned me up. The bed was warm. My head hurt. I laid back down hoping the pounding would stop.
----------
I woke again an hour or so later. The pounding in my head was reduced to a low thrumming. I got up and assessed my condition in the mirror. My hair was a mess. I'd decided to go for shoulder length blond with kinky curls last year. The curls were more like clumps this morning, tangled and confused. It was nothing a shower couldn't fix. The rest looked pretty good. I was still the same height (about 5' 10"). I reached up and gave my pert B (almost C) cup tits a gentle squeeze, causing my small nipples to stick out a little in the cool air. No damage here. I think my breasts are, by far, my best feature and I worry for their safety.
It isn't bragging to say I had a knockout figure, but it wasn't from some vegan diet or days spent at the gym. I'm just young, energetic, like to dance all night, and tend to drink when I should be eating. I was naturally trim, a little pale, and sexy as hell. Hate me if you must.
I pushed the G-string down and tossed it across the room. My brunette bush—my natural hair color—was trimmed short and neat, but not sculpted or shaped like so many of the girls I knew. There was no landing strip, or heart, or "V." I didn't like it unruly (that would ruin my outfits), but I had no desire to be a porn star either. My college roommate, Kate, tried to give me the nickname of "Harriotte." It was supposedly a combination of "hairy" and "Charlotte," but thankfully that didn't stick.
My hips and ass were a little on the boyish side. I always wished I had fuller, more "womanly," hips like my mother did, so I didn't look so much like a stick with boobs. On the the other hand, it made it easy to wear jean skirts and tight dresses. And it actually made my tits look even bigger, so I couldn't complain.
Yawning, I walked naked to the bathroom. No one would be at this end of the house this morning. I took a long overdue piss and started the shower. The warm water was easing a lot of the pain. I shampooed the cigarette smoke, and other unpleasant smells, out of my hair. I rubbed soap over my neglected pussy. "Sorry," I told it "you're probably not going to see any dick again tonight."
After toweling off, I grabbed a short terry cloth robe and headed towards the main kitchen. The cotton felt good against my skin. I couldn't prance around nude in the main part of the house. I was likely to run into someone there.
There was, thankfully, no chance of running into my father. My dad was a "Captain of Industry" (que trumpet fanfare). He was up by 5:00 every morning, at the latest, and was out the door by 6:30.
I couldn't say that about dad's seemingly endless stream of "girlfriends." I don't know what else to call them, although they were more like call girls or one-night stands. Most I never saw more than once, while a few were repeat customers. There was never any wining, dining, or romance that I saw. As far as I could tell, they were just there for the sex.
On most mornings I could bump into a fashion model, or a sleeping-her-way-to-the-middle office assistant in a short skirt, bent over the sofa trying to retrieve her panties from between the cushions—assuming she came with any panties to begin with.
My dad didn't seem to have a type: tall, short, black, white, older, younger, it was all good. If they were pretty and had holes between their legs, they were fair game. I've come down to meet everything from a middle-aged businesswomen looking for her car keys to a Swedish tourist with an insufficient grasp of the English language trying, unsuccessfully, to order a cab.
I once saw a girl in a cheerleader's outfit disappearing done the front hallway. It was just a glance, but I swear it was Joanne, a former friend from school. I had just started college then. Joanne was a year behind me and, still a senior in high school, couldn't have been more than 19 years old. "Christ," I thought, "now my dad's fucking girls younger than his own daughter."
I smelled coffee as I rounded the corner. That meant that Kwan, our housekeeper, was around. This was no surprise; Kwan was always around, rarely seen, but ever present. Kwan lived in her own apartment attached to the south wing and she managed almost every aspect of the house: cleaning, maintenance, food, the wine cellar, decorating, you name it.
Kwan is a petite, exotic, woman in her (I'm guessing) mid-thirties. She's some mix of Asian and Latin, or maybe Hawaiian. She never talks about her parents, or her past, and changes the subject if you try. I've developed the impression that she's an orphan, or was maybe a foster care kid. Anyway, she's fiercely loyal to my father for some mysterious reason.
I poured a cup of coffee and sat on a barstool. The cold, hand-carved, mahogany was like a slap on my bare ass. I should have found a longer robe. I took my coffee into the day room and curled up on one of the couches. That was much more comfortable.
There didn't seem to be anyone else around this morning. I guess my dad's dinner guests decided not to stay after I retched on their shoes. I tentatively sipped the hot coffee.
My ass reminded me, again, of my mother. Mom died in a freak seaplane accident in Cuba several years ago. The incompetent pilot was landing in a bay and struck his wing on the mast of a sailboat. The plane lost control and crashed into the breakwater. They said she died instantly from the impact, but it still gives me nightmares thinking about it.
Dad did not take mother's death well. They were like two halves of a finely tuned engine. While my dad was the official head of the business, mom was just as involved, complementing everything he did. She spent most of her days preparing elaborate parties, going on trips, meeting clients at the airport, and keeping her "trophy wife" body in shape and in style.
Despite this, she always found time for me. That ended, of course, when she died. Dad was not there to pick up the slack. We'd never been very close, and drifted further apart after her death. That's when dad's girlfriends started showing up.
My senior year of high school I discovered expensive clothes, which got me into parties, which got me alcohol, which got me laid. Dad and I were hardly even speaking to one another when I left for college, so life didn't change much for either of us. The parties were a little bigger, there was even more alcohol, and now I had a sexy roommate that I could swap (or share!) some hunky college stud with. I thought life was pretty good.
I started out as a business major. I mean, what else are you going to study when your dad's been written up in Forbes? I did pretty well the first year or so. But after another night of partying, booze, and boys, it was really hard to concentrate on school the next day. So I just skipped class and slept in. Then I did it again. Then I was doing it a couple of times a week. A few months ago I stopped going to class altogether. A few weeks ago I just drove home. My dad's only comment was "back from college, I see." I've been living here since, hooked up with Derrick, and reestablished my party ways.
----------
I returned late from shopping. I figured I'd give the nightclubs a break, given the epic fail last night.
I was wearing skinny jeans, boots, and a silk halter-top that really shows off my tits. The silk is jet black and completely opaque. The silk drapes over my precious pillows like water. From a distance it looks quite modest. Up close you can see their shape, and every unconstrained movement, as plainly as if I were topless. And my little nipples look really cute when they got hard, which is often. It was the kind of top that most girls would only dare to wear to a dimly lit nightclub. I wore it to the mall, just to see the looks on people's faces.
I discovered that my dad was upstairs in the den. His den was another monument to dead trees, sheathed in expensive wood flooring, wall paneling, and furniture. I quietly set down my bags in the hall and crept in, hoping to first assess his mood on the 1 to pissed scale.
Seated in a leather chair, my dad was an imposing figure even when he wasn't mad. He was tall (6' 2"), had broad shoulders and a lantern jaw. He was muscular. When he was very young he worked at a steel mill and never lost that "iron worker" physique, even after decades behind a desk.
"Hello, Charlotte" he said in a quiet, controlled tone. He was sipping whisky or something out of a tumbler.
I knew instantly that I was in big trouble for two reasons. First, when my dad gets angry (which isn't often) he raises his voice. When he's really mad, he'll actually shout at you. But when he's furious he gets very, very, quiet. He was very quiet now.
The second reason is he called me "Charlotte." He always calls me "Char." Always.
I got "Look, dad, I'm really sorry about..." out before he cut me off.
"Shut up and listen. I'm going to set you up with a trust. It will pay you $70,000 a year for the rest of your life. You'll move out next month. I don't care where you live or what you do. Your tuition is already paid, so you can go back to college or blow it off. You can get a job and add to your trust, or just sponge off of it. You won't inherit the business or the estate. I'm changing my will and leaving everything else to charity."
I was stunned. I thought maybe he was going to spank me or, at the worst, send me to an all girls college in Belgium or something, but this? This, I did not see coming.
I just stood there. I was at a complete loss for words. Dad continued to sip his drink.
I really had nothing to say, but I just felt I needed to say something. My mouth seemed to open on it's own. "I really just need some ... I don't know ... time to..."
"Charlotte, there's nothing to say." he said. "I know your mother's death left a hole in your life. I know I can't fill that hole. She left a hole in my life too, and I can't fill that either. I also can't make you get your act together. I can't make you stop partying and find a purpose or a career. I'm not going to try. It's your life. You have to live it. I'll make sure you're not destitute, but that's all I can do."
Again, the silence returned. Usually I have a witty comeback, more often than not one that includes a lewd double-entendre, but not now. Not at this moment.
The silence stretched on. I started to shake. I still couldn't think of anything to say. But the silence was worse, so I tried again.
"Maybe if we..." was all I got out.
Dad exploded out of the chair. "Thirty million dollars, Char! Thirty million (he drew out the word 'million' for emphasis) dollars in new business."
All I could do was think to myself, "at least he's yelling and calling me 'Char' again, so maybe he's getting less angry?"
He went on. "I don't have your mother to help me with these deals anymore, Char. I have to do all of the entertaining, all of the travel, attend all the dinners, carry all the conversations. After a month of convincing those four that we were the organization to handle all of their manufacturing, what do I get? I get a drunk, bare-assed, fucked-up, slut on my floor, flashing her porn-star panties and vomiting on my guests. I don't think it's too much of an exaggeration to say that they weren't impressed."
"I'm so sorry. I had no idea. I'll apologize. I'll do anything" I blurted out.
"It won't help Char. I need someone to handle this side of the business, not to fuck it up. I need a business partner, not an albatross. I need your mother. I don't need you."
The instant he said it, he turned a little pale. Even in his rage, he knew he'd gone too far. He'd thought it, but he'd never said it. And I'd never heard it. But there it was, out in the open.
He abruptly turned and left, leaving me standing there. I started to cry. The tears made the black silk even blacker.
----------
A couple of hours passed. I'd cried myself out. I just sat in my room staring at the wall. I thought I'd be angry or hurt, but mostly I just felt numb. Everything he said was true. I was fucking up. Mom was gone and dad would never take her place.
Eventually, I came downstairs. An empty plate on the dining table told me dad had eaten, probably something Kwan whipped up. I wasn't hungry in the least.
I eventually found dad in the entertainment room with his eyes closed. The lights were low and he was listening to some jazz. The entertainment room had state of the art big screen TVs, movie theater seating, the latest video games, and a 1,000 watt sound system—most of it wasted on my father. Dad never watched TV and the only time he saw a movie was to take me to some animated flick as a kid. But, he did like jazz.
I cleared my throat and he opened his eyes. We just stared at each other for a moment. I started to say something, but he got there first.
"Char, I'm sorry for what I said earlier. It was unfair and..." he started to say, but this time I cut him off.
"You were absolutely right, dad" I said with a little more conviction than was I was feeling. He said nothing, so I continued.
"I haven't done anything with my life. After mom died, I had no one to tell me what to do, so I did what I felt like. And that turned out to be getting drunk, and then laid, and then drunk again. You might not have been there for me, but I wasn't there for you either."
I plowed on. "Maybe you'll find someone to replace mom, but you'll still share your empire with her, not me. I get it. I'm the third wheel, and the sooner I get out of here the better. But I can't help feeling that we're missing something. You always said the hard solutions were never obvious."
"So you were listening," he interjected. We shared a laugh, the first time in a long while.
I sat down while we silently contemplated the problem. Eventually dad said, "Listen Char, I can't expect you to do what mom did."
Something went "pop" in my brain, like a little light bulb flash.
"Why not?" I asked suddenly, almost before I'd thought it. He shook his head slowly with that "you just don't understand" face. But I would not be deterred.
"I can dress the part. I can organize a party. I can converse with muckidy mucks. I've chatted up a U.S. Senator, for fuck's sake!" Hey, I was on a roll!
"Dress the part?" my dad asked, almost laughing. "Skin tight jeans and a top that looks it was painted on? Your chest could stop a bus honey, but that's not appropriate business attire, in or out of the office."
"Oh my God, these aren't the clothes I'd wear! I've seen mom dress. I know how to do elegant, demure, even exotic. I wear this," pointing to my tits, as if there could have been something else I was talking about, "because I like to see the boys drop their jaws and then their shorts." I slapped my hand over my mouth. I couldn't believe I just said that to my own dad, but he was completely unfazed by the statement.
He went on. "Alright, but your language leaves something to be desired. We don't refer to people as 'muckidy mucks' or use the phrase 'for fuck's sake' in a sentence," he paused, "or ever," arching his eyebrow at me.
I sighed. "I know that," I said in an exasperated tone. "And I didn't say 'for fuck's sake' once when talking to the senator," I said, punctuating the sentence by sticking out my tongue. "And I have been studying business; I just haven't actually used it. But that doesn't mean I can't talk business. Want to discuss the relative merits and capitol expenses related to dock sharing?"
I think my dad was actually impressed by that, and I was looking pretty pleased with myself.
I could tell my dad was mulling over the possibilities and I felt a seed of hope starting to grow that this could become something. But the more he thought about, the more his expression showed his doubts. After some time he turned to address me: serious, business like. He was in boss mode.
"While I applaud your enthusiasm, I see two acute impediments to this scheme," he said solemnly. "I can't simply put you in charge of entertaining our most important clients. The company's situation is already precarious. The board of directors would have my head on a platter if I waltzed in and installed my 'party hard,' college dropout, daughter as liaison." That last comment stung, and my face showed it. "Sorry, honey pot, but that's the position we're starting from."
I did notice he said "we," not "you."
He then took a very deep breath and exhaled slowly. The next topic seemed like a difficult one. He continued to stare at me, as though sizing me up, judging how I might react. The tension was starting to get to me. What's this "other impediment?"
I didn't have long to wait, as he bluntly stated "And I don't think you could handle the sex."
Sex? What sex? I was searching my mind through all of their business dinner, outings, my memories of mom, mentally cataloging all of the bimbos that have done the walk of shame out the front door. I know dad has a lot of sex, but what does that have to do with this?
"I can see you're confused," he said, taking pity on me. "Let me see if I can explain." He got up and walked over to the wet bar.
As he poured two glasses of white wine, he began. "As you know, I have a rather large sexual appetite."
"Oh, I've see the morning ass parade," I said, snickering a little.
"Much of that was for my own gratification, but some of it was interviews, of a sort" he said.
"Interviews for what?" I asked.
"For a second wife," he said in such a matter of fact way that at first I thought he might be joking. Dad handed me a wine glass, sat down next to me, and went on.
"Your mother had quite the capacity for sex. She almost managed to keep me satisfied all by herself. And now that you're older, you can appreciate what that means. Sex was a daily event. Your mother was untiring. We had regular threesomes with a few close friends, and occasionally even did a little swinging. Of course your mother knew she couldn't keep me entirely happy herself. She allowed for office trysts, and would even arrange companions for me while she, or I, was away. Oh, and she had her own undertakings. More than a few business deals were closed using your mom's 'feminine talents,' not to put too fine of a point on it."
It was the third time today that I was completely speechless. This time I didn't even try to speak. My mom was a slut? How did I not know this?
Almost as if reading my mind, dad explained, "She was very discrete. And let's face it, this is a pretty big house."
I could, at least, relate to that. I can't tell you the number of boys I screwed in various corners, nooks, and crannies without anyone hearing, or even suspecting. And I'm not the quiet type when it comes to climaxes.
He now spoke more gravely. "The situation I'm in now is intolerable. I spend a lot of my time trying to meet woman, while simultaneously trying to keep anyone from finding out. At the same time, I'm trying to drum up new business and entertain regular clients. The fact of the matter is, I'm not doing any of those things well and the business is suffering for it."
"I have sex with a lot of the office staff, and I've taken to letting a few of them come over from time to time. But that's hard to keep a lid on. The rest of the time, I'm 'interviewing' women I've met, but none of them seem to have the stamina or uninhibited zeal your mother did."
"So," I thought to myself, "that explains the 'regulars' and the 'one night stands' in the morning." I took another sip of my wine. If there was ever a time I actually needed a drink, this was it.
"So that's the real problem, honey bunch. And I'm going to be completely frank here: I need a woman to fuck, every day. One that never says 'no' to a blowjob, or eating some pussy, or letting four Japanese businessmen pull a train in their hotel room. A woman that can wear a stunning designer gown, and converse with complete composure, all while there's an anal plug nestled between the cheeks of her ass. That's the woman I need."
I stared at my dad. I didn't blink. I could tell he was trying to shock me, but I wasn't going to let him get away with it. He sat patiently, sipping his wine, waiting for this to all to sink in and for me to say something. I could tell from his expression that he didn't think anything would come of it. He'd just dropped the atomic bomb and assumed I'd wave the white flag and surrender. I was going to prove him wrong.
I swallowed hard and said "Internship," as if that explained everything. He blinked, clearly not expecting that as an answer.
"You have internships, right?" I asked. He nodded, still confused. "You don't have to pay them. They're on a trial basis. Make me an intern. You can take me for a trail run, see if I measure up, or at least have the potential to do the job, risk free."
My dad has a good poker face, but I could tell he didn't expect me to come up with a offer. It took him a moment to shift gears from expecting nothing to actually considering a proposal. He mulled it over. "That's eminently sensible," he pronounced. But the praise was short lived. "But that doesn't really address the other problem," he trailed off.
I held my ground. I gripped the glass of wine, tossed it back in a single gulp, set it down, stood up, put my hands on my hips, and tried to muster all of the courage I had in the world.
"Fuck me," I said flatly.
"What?" he blurted.
"Fuck me," I repeated. "Ya know, there's a lot of business, politics, and entertaining that I've yet to learn, but one thing I'm really good at is the beast with two backs. This is one problem I can solve for you right now."
He bellowed, "You're my daughter!" His voice filled the room.
"So what?" I said. He just stared at me, his brow furrowed.
"Let me see if can get this straight," I said, a little sarcastically. "You and mom were fucking other girls, banging fat business men for contracts, wife swapping, and giving each other whores as travel gifts. Did I miss anything? You tell me that's all cool, but you're going to draw the line at incest—seriously?"
My dad was speechless for the second time today. That had to be a record.
After a pause, I went on, in a normal tone this time. "It's not like we're a regular father and daughter. Hell, we barely know each other. I certainly didn't know any of this shit was going on. But I am your daughter, and that means I'm the product of two of the most oversexed individuals on the planet. So by my calculation, I'm genetically disposed to do this better than anyone you know. And, I have no plans on getting pregnant." I wagged my finger at him.
He stared at me for a long time. Then he started to do what all horny men do: check me out. I could see his eyes traveling up and down, mentally undressing me.
"An internship?" he mused out loud. I nodded. "A trial run just to see how things work out?"
A rhetorical question, but I felt compelled to answer it anyway. "Yes," I said.
I could tell he was ruminating on the possibilities, the problems, the risks, working out a schedule, making estimates. It's just how his mind works.
After what seemed like an eternity, he said "One month. We take this a step at a time. If at any point you're uncomfortable, or I don't think it's going to work out, the whole thing is off. Agreed?"
Butterflies were dancing in my stomach. This was very likely the craziest thing I'd ever done. But I wanted to prove to my dad—prove to myself—that I could accomplish something, and oddly this is something I think I could actually do.
"Agreed," I said.
Dad leaned back in his chair, seeming to relax a bit, and took another sip of his wine.
"Strip," he said, like he was placing a drink order.
I was taken back a little. "You mean, take my clothes off?" I asked, as if there was some ambiguity in his statement.
"Yes," he said casually. "You made it clear that you understood the sexual component of this arrangement. I want to see what I'm getting." He was calling my bluff.
I swallowed hard. This was the moment of truth. Up until now it had been all talk. Now I had to deliver.
My arms felt like lead weights as I reached behind my back to untied my halter-top. After undoing the knot, I held the ends and slowly drew them forward and up, pulling the top over my head and off. I let it fall to the floor. I was now topless in front of my dad.
For some reason, I stopped, as if showing him my tits was going to satisfy his command. It wasn't.
"I'm waiting," he said, patiently.
I bent down and unzipped one boot and then the other. I pulled my boots off and tossed them aside. Next the came the button and zipper of my jeans. The zipper kept getting stuck because my hands were shaking. "Why?" I wondered. I'd shimmied out of my jeans for countless guys and I wasn't nervous.
After pulling off the legs and adding my jeans to the growing pile next to me, I was down to my white thong. "Don't freeze up now," I thought to myself.
Facing my dad again, I hooked my thumbs under the waistband and pushed them down to my ankles. Standing back up, I lifted my left foot out of the thong and used my right foot to kick it away. It landed between two theater chairs.
So there I was: stark naked, standing three feet in front of my father, who was checking out my body in a decidedly un-father-like way.
"Your tits are truly exquisite," was his complement. I swelled a little with pride. This, appropriately, caused me to arch my back and thrust out my perky breasts a little more.
"Turn around, slowly," he said.
I started to do a slow motion turn, arms at my side, like a showroom car on a turn table. The jazz provided a soundtrack. Most of the light was coming from the hall, so I was rather artistically lit from one side. My nipples made long shadows as I began to turn. Then my hipbones and pubic mound came into profile, followed by my ass cheeks and back. Not a word was spoken.
When I was facing him again, he sat down his wine glass and got up. As he approached me, he put out his right hand and placed it on my right hipbone. He held it there while he stepped around and stood behind me. I could feel the fabric of he slacks brush against my bare ass. He brought his left hand around and gently cradled my left breast. He lifted it slightly, as if testing its weight.
Now his right hand began sliding towards my pussy. He whispered, "Spread you legs." I lifted my right leg and moved it out to allow him access to my privates.
His fingers combed through my pubic hair. His middle finger began to probe, a trained digit with years of experience, zeroing in on its target. It slipped between the lips of my labia. Oh God, I was wet! His hand worked slowly lower, his middle finger began tunneling into my vagina. First, just the fingertip, then the first knuckle, then the second knuckle, out a little, and back in again.
The unreality of the scene was starting to sink in. I was naked, and my father was slowly finger fucking me.
I almost jerked when he whispered, "Do you want to continue?" in my ear.
"Yes" was my breathy reply.
Without another word, his finger slowly began to extract itself. His hand returned to my pubic mound, where he caught a few hairs between his fingers and gave them a brief tug.
"This has to go" he said. "Shave this completely before tomorrow."
He removed both hands, stepped away and said, "Give this some thought. I'll send instructions to your room later. If you still want this, I'll see you tomorrow morning. If not, I'll understand."
He turned and left the room.
The room that seemed to crackle with tension just moments ago was suddenly the emptiest room I've ever been in. As if to escape, I ran naked back to my bedroom.
----------
I sat on my bed thinking, "This is crazy. This is just too fucking crazy!"
My heart was racing. I still had the shakes. And I was horny! I spread my legs and easily slipped two fingers into my soaking pussy. Oh my God, was I horny. I leaned back, propping myself up with my other elbow, and started pumping my fingers in and out of my snatch. I couldn't believe how excited I was. I could feel I was already on the plateau of an orgasm. This would not take long.
I don't normally supply my own stimulus. I prefer to rely on self-propelled boy meat to get me off. But sometimes I have to take matters into my own hands, or hand, such as when said boy finishes early and passes out, leaving me cranked up and unsatisfied. I swear, if boys can't finish they just shouldn't start.
I picked up the pace a little and started to raise my hips off the bed. Yes, yes, I was getting closer. I could feel it building, that tightness between my legs right before it blows.
"Awwww fuck!" I cried out as I came. Warm waves washed over my body. I bucked my hips upward, like I was trying to fuck some invisible cock suspended in mid-air. After a few moments my breathing started to return to normal. I kept sliding my fingers in and out, much slower now, trying to cling to the intense feeling for as long as I could.
I finally collapsed back onto the bed, sinking into the comforter. My entire body was covered in a thin sheen of sweat, my breasts rising and lowering as my breathing returned to normal. I idly rolled my thumb and finger together, feeling my cunt juice.
I really needed a shower now. "No," I said as I remembered my promise. "It's going to have to be a bath. It's time to say goodbye to Miss Muff here" as I patted my damp pussy hair.
At least I knew what to do. I'd never shaved my muff before, but I could thank Kate for knowing how it's done. Kate always kept her pussy perfectly smooth. Kate also wasn't shy with her charms. Back at college, I can't count the number of times I walked into the bathroom to see Kate sitting on the side of the tub, legs spread as wide as they'd go, casually shaving her perpetually public privates.
Kate was never the least bit embarrassed. In fact, she'd start conversions. "Hey, you're back. What do you think of the new pub that opened on Elm last week?" she'd say, while lathering up her crotch. "I hear they serve hot dogs with rude names! We should get some dates and compare lengths!" She'd start laughing while expertly stroking the razor across her most sensitive parts. How she kept from cutting herself, I'll never know.
What I did learn from these little sessions was that the first step in flawless pussy shaving was warm water. Start was with a warm bath. You have to get all of those "short hairs" nice and soft.
After soaking in the tub for fifteen minutes, I'd manage to recover from my previous orgasm and was ready to move to phase two. I laid a towel on the dressing stool, grabbed a razor and some shaving cream, and started lathering up my bush.
The top part was easy. A few dozen strokes and my familiar triangle of forest was now a bare prairie. Now came the tricky part. I'd seen Kate do this a million times, so I just tried to emulate her. Legs spread as wide as she could, she'd start by stroking out from the base of her pussy lips towards her leg. She's use lots of short strokes, working from her front around to her rear.
Next came the lips. I held them taught with one hand and stroked gingerly up from the base with the razor. Not as easy as I thought it would be. Kate's lips are small and firm, like her tits. When she stood straight, her vagina didn't look like much more than a coin slot. My lips were a lot bigger and puffier. I can get some great "camel toe" going with the right pants.
It was no matter. Another ten minutes and I looked like a billiard ball. I rinsed off the remaining shaving cream and grabbed some moisturizer. It felt good. Why hadn't I tried this before? I was silky and sensitive. My pussy felt more alive to the touch. And just to think, it took my dad to tell me to do it!
I finished drying off and walked back to my room, still naked. I was starting to get used to doing that. I was surprised to find my bed had been turned down. On my pillow was a note and my pair of black, patent leather, Louboutin high heels. The style was simple, solid, and dramatic. I picked up the note. It read "Breakfast table, 6:00 AM. Wear these. D.G."
I notice it was signed "DG:" Donald Grant. The note wasn't signed "dad," it was signed "boss." I was clearly working towards becoming an employee. Maybe someday that would turn into more. I was not on a trajectory to become his daughter again.
I interrupted my own reverie by blurting out "Jesus H. Christ, I'm starved." I suddenly realized that I hadn't eaten anything since this morning. I threw on an oversized t-shirt and scampered downstairs to the kitchen. Once again the unseen hand of Kwan had been at work. The refrigerator was stocked with a selection of cold sandwiches. I grabbed one, along with a beer, and headed back to bed.
----------
The incessant "beep, beep, beep" of the alarm shattered my sleep at exactly 5:40 AM. I was about to slap the snooze button, when I caught myself. This wasn't just any morning. I had to get up, and get up now, or I wouldn't be living in this house much longer. Without any sense of irony, I said, "So this is what having a job is like."
I sat up and turned off the alarm. I'd slept naked. I don't know why, it just seemed the thing to do. I haven't slept naked in a long time. I started doing it when I was sixteen, just to shock mom. It didn't work, of course, and in retrospect I see what a naive attempt that was.
The cool morning air brought my nipples to attention. I looked down and addressed them. "Well, at least you two are up. Now, what to wear?"
The shoes, obviously, but what else? I wanted it to be something simple, yet sexy. Some tantalizing bit of lingerie would be perfect. I didn't, however, have much of what you'd consider "lingerie." I had sexy clothes and I had sexy underwear. I dressed to impress and then I got laid. Sometimes the dress came off, sometimes it didn't, but there wasn't any prancing about in frilly nothings in between.
Wait, I did have something! I sprang out of bed and attacked the bottom drawer of my dresser. I got a gift card to Victoria Secrets one year and bought a whole bunch of stuff I never wore. "Ah ha!" I yelled in triumph. I held in my hand a sheer, blue-green, teddy with matching G-string panties. It was perfect.
I slipped the teddy on and took a look in the mirror. It was very sheer. I might as well been wearing nothing at all. Everything between the lace trim of the neckline and the lace trim on the hem was clearly visible.
I stepped into the panties, also sheer, and pulled them up to my waist, bending a little to let the G-string nestle itself between my ass cheeks. I adjusted it a little. Why did it feel so weird? I wear G-strings all the time, and I don't remember any feeling like this. Then I remembered I was shaved. Things were more sensitive down there now. I began to appreciate Kate's habit of "forgetting" her panties all the time.
Ten minutes of evening makeup, some barrettes to keep my hair back, and I was clip-clopping my way to the breakfast table, the lacquer of my shoes on the hardwood floor echoing like rifle shots through the house, the hem of the teddy swirling around my thighs. Any male who wouldn't want to tap this was either dead or gay—or both.
Worried I'd be late, I'd picked up the pace as I neared the breakfast area. When I got there I was alone. But almost as soon as the ridiculously loud echoes of my shoes had died down, I heard the familiar sound of dad's leather shoes coming from the other direction. I waited nervously for his arrival.
"You're early," he said as he rounded the corner. "That's a promising start." He was dressed for work, suit and tie, holding his newspaper in one hand and consulting an electronic tablet in the other. He sat down at the table and finished what he was reading, before he looked up at me.
"Your ability to follow instructions, however, leaves something to be desired," the tone in his voice was mild, but disapproving.
I was crestfallen. What had I done wrong? "Don't you like them," I asked as I turned in one leg and lifted my foot to show off a shoe.
"The shoes are beautiful, honey. Now, what else did I tell you to wear?" he asked, pointedly.
My mistake hit me like a punch in the gut. "Nothing," I said meekly.
"So why are you wearing anything else?" he asked. I didn't have an answer and didn't say anything. I just shrugged my shoulders.
"So why are you still wearing them?" he said slowly, as if speaking to a foreigner.
I grabbed the hem of the teddy and pulled it over my head. Before it had even floated to the ground, I was bent forward pushing the G-string off, being careful not to lose my balance in the high heels. I had to steady myself with one hand on the table to get it off one foot and then the other.
While I was struggling with my panties, dad explained "At this stage of your employment you need to follow instructions precisely. When you're told to do something, you need to do exactly that: no embellishments, no additions, no substitutions. If you can't do exactly that, ask someone."
I tossed the panties on top of the teddy and stepped back from the table again. I'd stripped naked for my father twice in the last 24 hours. I was beginning to wonder if this was going to be a regular exercise.
"See, now I can enjoy the wonderful job you've done on your pussy" he said brightly. "I have to say that shaving has improved your looks. You were already pretty, but now you're sleek and elegant, like an Italian sports car." I couldn't help but smile. "You should keep yourself that way from now on."
I nodded in agreement.
"How are your oral skills?" he asked.
"Like, giving a speech?" I queried back.
"No, oral sex. Blowjobs," he said. "And don't start a sentence with 'like.'"
"I'm OK, I guess. I've never had any complaints, if that's what you mean," I replied.
"Then come around here and get started," he said as he pushed his chair back and angling himself away from the table.
I walked around the table to stand in front of him, but didn't know what to do next. OK, I knew what to do—take dick, put in mouth—but I wasn't sure exactly how to approach him. I'd already make one mistake today.
He saw my indecision and started giving instructions.
"Kneel down."
Getting onto your knees in really high heels isn't easy. I steadied myself with the edge of the table as I lowered myself onto my left knee, my right leg bent upwards by the extra 5 inches of the shoe. I had to tip over to the left to get my right foot off the ground, this causing my breasts to wobble sideways.
"Unzip my pants."
"Reach in and take it out."
I had my hand fished through the fly of his pants when I encountered his cock. "That answers the 'boxers or briefs' question," I thought to myself. The correct answer was "none of the above."
I could tell his cock was big. I felt down until I found the tip and pulled it through the opening in his pants. It was just starting to get stiff. Any stiffer and it would have been problematic getting it out.
Once in view I could admire my dad up close. It was big. Not "freak show, horse cock" big, but substantial in every way. It wasn't the longest cock I'd ever seen, and it wasn't the thickest. But in combination it was probably the most massive piece of man meat I'd held in my hands.
I reached my other hand in, cupped his balls, and pulled them through the opening too. His balls were shaved. I was learning new things about my dad by the minute.
His balls were normal sized, which means they were small in proportion to his penis. I think this made his dick look all that much bigger. And it was getting bigger. I could feel it growing in my hand.
I focused on the tip, his cock's most distinctive feature. On a lot of cocks, the tip is just an end cap. They're about the same width as the rest, sometimes narrower, giving the effect of just one smooth cylinder, like my vibrator. In contrast, my day's head was massive. I've heard the term "helmet" before, but this is the first dick that actually looked like it was wearing a helmet. His tip was dark, almost purple, and the head was wider than his shaft, like a little baby fist at the end of a chubby arm. He was circumcised. It looked like a mushroom.
As I leaned forward to get a closer look—my mind hadn't yet progressed to the ramifications of putting that in my mouth—I froze. I head soft footsteps behind me. For an instant I thought one of dad's bimbos was waltzing in, but no, of course not. It was Kwan. It had to be Kwan.
I didn't know what to do. Without moving my head, I looked as far right as I could, to catch a glimpse of Kwan's signature outfit: sensible flats and a crisp cotton shirt-waist dress. Kwan didn't have a uniform, but she always dressed to make it clear she was staff and not family or a guest.
My mind was reeling. The woman who cleans my room, retrieves my bikini bottoms from the hot tub, makes me midnight snacks, and stocks the video library with my favorite DVDs just walked into the room, a room where I'm kneeling in front of my dad, buck naked, holding his cock mere inches from my ruby red lips. I didn't think "Hey, what's up?" was an appropriate greeting.
Kwan walked up behind me. As I was bent forward on my knees, I knew she had a spectacular view of my ass, asshole, and my freshly shaved pussy. I heard china clink on the table. She was bringing dad coffee!
"Good morning Mr. Grant" she said in her slightly eerie accent, the origin of which I've never determined.
"Good morning, Kwan" was my father's polite reply, as though nothing was out of the ordinary. Had he somehow forgotten about the pretty naked girl holding his cock?
"Will you be wanting anything to eat before you leave?" she asked, clearing something from the table. As she leaned forward, the hem of her skirt brushed against my bare back. It was like being stabbed with needles.
"No, I'll be leaving shortly. I'll grab something when I get to the office."
I wondered "Am I invisible?"
"Will Miss Charlotte be eating anything this morning?" she asked.
So she did know I was in the room! A moment of silent passed as the two shared the joke.
"Will Miss Charlotte be eating anything else, this morning?" she corrected, emphasizing the word "else."
Ha, ha, very funny. I wanted to make some biting retort, but I just couldn't work up the nerve. This was just too bizarre, in a "Oh yea, I always chat with my staff while having sex with my daughter" kind of way. I was out of my depth. I remained motionless.
"Char can eat what she wants later" my father said, resolving the situation and dismissing Kwan at the same time.
"Very well" was her proper reply. Her soft footsteps drifted away, once again disappearing into the house.
My focus returned again to my father's cock, but I was still immobilized from the interruption. I simply stared at his dick.
"I'm leaving in twenty minutes" my father announced. "You've got that long to dazzle me."
No pressure. OK. Deep breath. Cocksucking 101: Open mouth, insert cock.
I opened my jaw as wide as a could and lowered my head. I wanted to envelop it, like a giant fish engulfing its prey. As the tip made contact with the back of my throat, I brought my lips around the shaft. I actually had most of it in my mouth. It was still soft, pliable. I knew it wouldn't stay that way long.
I started to kneed it with my mouth, opening wide to take it all in, then closing and withdrawing, stroking the entire length with my tongue and lips. It was working. With each pass his cock grew a little. The head pressed more insistently against the back of my throat. The shaft swelled. I could no longer take it all in my mouth.
Within a few minutes, I could only get my mouth halfway down the growing bulk. I wrapped my hand around the base and started to stroke. This is my best cocksucking technique: work the top with my mouth while pumping the shaft with my fist.
I picked up the pace. Now I was just bobbing my head, bringing my lips just to the base of his head, before plunging down again until the head smashed against the back of my mouth. My hand was beating his shaft, going twice as fast as my head, creating a nice rhythm: back, stroke, stroke, down, stroke, stroke, back, stroke, stroke, down, stroke, stroke.
I kept this up for some time. His cock was really big now. My mouth wasn't going more than a third of the way down now. I attempted to go lower and was rewarded with a gag reflex. I pulled off and coughed, swallowed, took a deep breath, and went back on. I put both hands on his shaft.
After another minute, I instinctively began to stand up. I was about to do what I always do next, get up and fuck the guy. But I remembered my father's words from earlier: "no embellishments, no additions, no substitutions."
My dad only said "blowjob," so that must mean that's all he wanted. This lead to another thought: I've never gotten a guy off this way. For me a blowjob is a warm up, an appetizer before the main meal. I only suck guys until they're hard. Who gets just a blowjob—unless they're gay? I honestly wasn't sure how to finish this.
Well, I was sure as hell going to try! I spit on dad's cock (saw that in a porn flick) and started pumping furiously with both hands. My tits were bouncing wildly up and down from the exertion.
I hadn't once looked up until this moment. Our eyes met. My dad's expression was detached bliss. That unfocused gaze you get when you haven't had ice cream in, like, forever and that first cold creamy taste hits your tongue.
He was getting close. I could sense it. I held his stare while pumping for all I was worth. This was a handjob now.
It began from the base of his cock. The muscles twitched, lifting his cock higher, trying to wrench itself from my hands. I held on. There was another, and then a third.
Without warning, he placed his hand on the back of my head and pulled me forward, impaling me on his member. I can't think of any other way to describe it. At the same moment, he erupted. Sperm hit the back of my throat. I felt like it had been shot from a water cannon.
I choked. I jerked my head back, mouth wide, coughing, gasping for air. Spit and semen were flying everywhere. I held onto his cock, which continued to spurt cum, each spasm a little less, until it was just dribbling on the back of my hand.
There was cum on the floor, on dad's pants, in my hair, on my tits, and on my arm. The cum on my arm was starting to drip onto my thighs. As I surveyed the wreckage, I couldn't have been prouder than if I'd just won first place at the science fair. "My first real blowjob," I thought. And it was roaring success.
I grinned up at my dad, a little droplet of cum clinging to my chin. He smiled back, a genuine, warm, I'm-proud-of-my-daughter smile. I don't think I'd ever seen that smile.
"Honey, that was nice," he said after catching his breath. "A little amateurish, but that just gives you something to work on."
"Amateurish," my fine white ass! That was the best blowjob in the history of blowjobs, as far as I was concerned. But I accepted the compliment. I wasn't going to spoil this moment.
My dad scooted his chair back and stood up, his cock only slightly deflated.
"Sorry about you choking. You will need to learn to swallow. We can't have a mess like this every time. I need to go change slacks and get going. We'll talk later." He spoke the words as he walked out of the room.
I sat back on my heels, the hard leather of the shoes pressing into my butt. The sunlight glinted off the droplets on the floor. I was exhausted. I was exhilarated. I felt different. I felt accomplished!
And I was covered in cum.
The house was quiet again. Dad probably went out the garage door and was on his way to work already. I took off the shoes and got to my feet.
I didn't know what to do about the mess. "Do I have to wipe this up?" I wondered. "What is the proper way to ask your housekeeper to clean up your father's sperm?" I laughed at the absurdity of it all.
What I did know was that I needed another shower. I turned and noticed my teddy and panties was gone. On the sideboard was a neatly folded silk robe, courtesy of Kwan. I wrapped the robe around my cum splattered body. With the shoes dangling from one hand, and using my other to keep the robe closed, I padded quietly back to my bathroom.
Fuck, this was a weird morning.
----------
I woke again around nine. I was still naked. Seriously, after this morning what was the point?
"Well, your ass wouldn't get cold, for one thing" I argued with myself. I slipped on a pair of gym shorts and a burnout T. I was hungry.
I found Kwan in dad's office, concluding a phone call. "Hello, Miss Charlotte" she said cheerfully. Not even a hint about the earlier debauchery.
"Would you like some breakfast?" she asked, obviously concerned that my father's sperm was inadequate sustenance.
"You know, Kwan, I'd love an omelet. Do we have any eggs?"
Kwan's eyes lit up. She truly loved to serve this family, and she practically glowed when someone asked her for real food. When you asked for "toast and coffee," she'd be visibly disappointed.
She rose from the chair and headed towards the kitchen. "Come along, let's get you fed" she said as she walked.
I sat and watched her work the stove. Every motion was a study in efficiency. I glanced through the passageway through to the breakfast area. No evidence of any depraved acts remained.
The omelet was perfect: fluffy, savory, and tender. I was marveling at the blend of cheeses when my cell phone rang.
I didn't remember bringing my cell down, but there it was on the sideboard. I picked it up and looked at the screen. It was dad. Kwan must have brought it down. Did Kwan know dad was going to call? She's starting to freak me out a little.
I punched the answer button. "Hey, lover" I said in a husky voice.
"Well talk about that later" was his abrupt reply.
Without giving me time to answer, he said "Kwan will lay out an outfit for you to wear. Tone down the makeup from this morning. Drive to the Il Fioré Italian restaurant on East Chester at eleven O'clock. They'll have a lunch prepared. Pick it up and bring it to my office" he said.
"OK, sure. So what are we doing?" I asked.
"You'll find out when you get here" he said jovially, and hung up.
"I guess I will," I said into my dead phone. My phone dinged. Someone texted me two addresses.
I finished the omelet, scraping the plate. "That was a great omelet," I reflected. I hadn't had a regular breakfast in a long time, mostly because I hadn't gotten up before noon in a long time.
I would have complemented Kwan directly, but she had, as usual, disappeared again. I hiked back to my room to find a black, spaghetti strap, sun dress with an intense, deep red, floral design that started just under the right arm and swept dramatically down to the hem.
The dress was laid across the bed. Below it was a pair of white strappy sandals, with one-inch heels. "Tasteful" was the word that came to mind.
It didn't see anything except the dress and the shoes. My father's words played again in my head: "no additions." There won't be any panties under that dress.
I redid my makeup, toning down the eye shadow, eyeliner, blush, and lipstick. Basically, toning down everything. I pulled off my shorts and shirt and slipped on the dress. The hem stopped a few inches above my knees.
The dress was neither loose nor tight. It was slightly shimmery, but not silken. (A rayon blend, maybe?) It was tailored to drape, not cling. It was alluring, not sexy.
On the bed, the neckline appeared square. Filled out with actual breasts, it billowed around them. The thin straps were set very wide on the shoulders, creating a broad arc of fabric across my chest. When standing, the neckline draped inward, showing almost no cleavage—quite disappointing, really. Lean forward, and it was a different story. The fabric fell away showing a lot more than a little cleavage. It was a down-blouse perv's dream.
The fabric had a slight stiffness to it. If I swayed my hips back and forth, the air would gently caress my thighs. Without panties or pubic hair, even the slightest gust of air was palpable. "Breezy," I thought. The sandals, which I'd never laid eyes on before, were a perfect fit.
Now all I had to do was wait until 11:00.
----------
I decided to borrow dad's other Mercedes, the one he doesn't take to work. This was the sporty one. "It goes with the dress," would be my excuse.
I left the Benz with the valet while I went inside Il Fioré. A gust of wind plastered the dress to my front and crawled up my backside. This gave a table of suits a pretty clear idea of what I looked like without the dress on, and me the expression you get when someone unexpectedly pinches your bottom. The dress billowed and lifted in the wind. I instinctively reached behind my back and smoothed the fabric down over my ass, idly wondering how much of a show the valets had gotten.
Once inside, and after mentioning my dad's name, they were all smiles. A few rapid-fire exchanges in Italian, and I was being handed a square woven picnic box. I took the handle.
"Do I need to pay someone for this?" I asked.
"No, no, all taken care," came back the broken reply. More smiles and hand gestures shooing me out the door. I heard "godere," "divertire," and a bunch of other Italian words I didn't know.
I drove to the second address, my father's new office. I'd never been to his new office. That's how out of touch we'd become.
The elevator ride ended on the 6th floor. The doors opened to a bright, and open, reception area. I walked across the wood floor to a sweeping, burled wood, reception desk. I told the statuesque girl at the desk I was here to see my father. I was rewarded with a blank stare.
"Donald Grant," I clarified.
That got her attention. She immediately straightened up and practically jumped off her stool. "Yes, of course. Follow me, please."
She was wearing a solid yellow dress with cap sleeves. It was nicely tailored, conforming to her hourglass figure. She was monstrously tall, easily over six feet. In heels, she risked hitting her head on low doorways. "What is it about tall girls and high heels?" I wondered.
Every step I took reminded me I was bare-assed underneath. I've only gone "commando" in a skirt a few times, mostly when leaving a party, and for the simply reason that I couldn't find my panties.
The Amazon girl walked me to an office with an outer reception area. "Donald Grant, CEO" was stenciled in gold on the door. She stopped at the threshold and gestured to the two large doors that guarded the inner office. I got the feeling that this was sacred ground, which she wasn't allowed to tread on.
I thanked her and walked in. The outer office was empty. I approached the two doors—massive, parquet wood structures—and opened one. It opened slowly. Once there was enough space for me and the picnic basket to squeeze through, we did. The door closed itself behind me.
My father was setting at his desk. The office was spacious. Blond wood flooring dotted with white throw rugs, bamboo tile walls, and a massive cherry wood desk in front a picture window with a view of the city. Wood, wood, wood, and glass. My father was nothing, if not consistent.
He was on he phone. He smiled and gestured for me to sit down on one of the two couches. They, along with two over stuffed chairs, were arranged around a table in a loose conversation group at the far end of the room. I sat the basket down and waited.
I didn't wait long. He finished his conversation and strolled over to the couch, leaned over, and kissed my on the cheek; a perfectly respectable father-daughter greeting, without any nudity or cocksucking.
"Hey, I'm starved," he said, rubbing his hands together.
I started to unpack the basket. There were two plates, little bundles of silverware, two wine glasses, a tiny bottle of Chianti, a wine opener, an insulated box containing Pasta Primavera, and some freshly baked bread wrapped in tin foil.
We set up and started eating.
"Wow, two substantial meals in one day," I though. I might start to get fat.
My dad had other business on his mind.
"I don't want to advertise that you're my daughter or that we have any intimate relationship," he started. I looked hurt.
To clarify, he said "I'm not embarrassed that you're my daughter, honey bear, but things will work smoother if people don't know you are related to me—nepotism, and all that. I'll address you as 'Charlotte,' and you'll address me as 'Mr. Grant.' You are here for the intern's position. I'm not going to lie, and not I'm asking you to lie, or pretend you're someone else. Should someone recognize you as my daughter, or connect our last name, that's fine. It's no big deal. But if you don't introduce yourself as my daughter, most people will simply assume you're a colleague. So no more 'lover boy' when answering the phone."
He tilted his head forward and looked up at me to make sure I got the message. I rolled my eyes, but said "OK."
We then chatted about this and that. Which was weird, because casual quality time with my dad was something I'd never done.
After the meal, he stood up and took my hands, stood me up, and looked me over.
"That dress suites you very well, by the way," he observed.
He led me around to where he usually sat. He pushed his high back chair aside and turned me by my shoulders until I had my back to his desk, facing the window. He then moved in close, as if he was going to give me hug. Instead, grabbed me by the back of my thighs, and lifted me onto the desk. I was now perched on the edge.
He put his hands under my armpits, and leaned me back until I was resting on my elbows. At this point I was wondering what the hell was going on.
He took my knees in each hand and pushed them apart. He then picked up the hem of my dress and started to roll it up. In a few moments, my wide-open pussy was on grand display, like a rare jewel showcased in a nest of black fabric. I looked out the window, wondering if anyone from the adjacent office building could see in.
He looked right at me and said "Char, I'm going to fuck you now."
I didn't know exactly how to respond to that.
"This is going to change things. Even if you don't pursue this intern position, or job, or career, or whatever it turns into, what's about to happen will change things between us. It can't be undone. You have to be absolutely sure you want this."
I did.
I didn't need to think about. At that moment, I absolutely wanted this more than anything in the world. I nodded my head in solemn agreement.
"Say it," he said.
"I want this," I said, clearly enunciating each word. "I want you to fuck me."
My dad unzipped his pants and took out his cock. He stroked it with one hand, all the while staring into my eyes. The air conditioner blew gently across my pussy, which began to quiver in anticipation. I've had a lot of dicks part my velvety folds, but this was different. This was special. This was a first.
And just as my life was about to change, the universe had to get one more joke in at my expense. The door to my dad's office opened and someone came in.
"Mr. Grant, you have the European status meeting in 30 minutes." The voice was female, cool, and collected. And for the second time today, my dad went on with his business as though nothing was out of the ordinary.
"I'll be ready," he said. "This is Charlotte. She's applying for the intern position," my dad said, as though that would explain why I had my skirt hiked up and he was stroking his cock.
The girl giggled, recovered her composure, and said, politely, "Pleased to meet you Charlotte, I'm Margo."
My dad did not ignore the giggle. "Is there something funny, Margo?" he asked. As though the situation wasn't ridiculous enough.
"Oh, just an office joke, Sir" she replied. There was a pause. "About the intern position," she elaborated.
"Which is?" my father prompted.
"The intern 'position' is bent over a desk with a cock in her," Margo recited.
Dad laughed at that. He looked at me with a mischievous smile, and said, "Well, we shouldn't disappoint the rest of the office, should we?" I had no idea what he meant.
He then took my hands and pulled me up and off the desk. My dress fell back into place. He turned me around by the waist and pushed gently, but insistently, between my shoulder blades. I leaned forward until I was, once again, resting on my elbows; this time facing the door.
I could now observe the girl connected to the voice. She was pretty, about my height. She had straight dark brown hair, styled with a little wave on one side, dark brown eyes, and one of those really round faces. Her bosom and hips were round too. You could have drawn her using only circles.
My dad spoke again. "We have a tight knit family here, Charlotte. This business is successful because everyone does his or her part, no matter what needs to be done. For example, if I asked Margo here to drop all of her plans for the weekend and work on an important proposal, what would you say, Margo?"
"I'd start a fresh pot of coffee and get to work," Margo replied enthusiastically.
She was wearing low heels and a grey pencil skirt that came almost to her knees. No pantyhose. She had on a matching suit jacket over a shiny lime green blouse that was almost completely covered by the jacket and the folder of papers she was clutching to her breast.
"And if we were entertaining some influential clients who were craving some female companionship, could you do something about that Margo?"
Margo replied, "I'd be happy to make whatever arrangements you thought appropriate, Sir."
Great, my dad's secretary doubles as a pimp.
"And if I asked you to take off you panties, right here in the office, what would you say, Margo?" my dad asked as he began to lift the hem of my skirt over my ass.
"I'd say that I couldn't possibly do that, Sir," Margo replied, with a mock expression of seriousness.
He lowered the dress across my back. With his foot, he gently nudged my feet apart. My cheeks separated slightly. I felt the air drift between my legs and around my ass. I could tell that my entire backside was completely exposed, the folds of my pussy peeking out between my legs.
"And why not?" my dad asked, in a sort of singsong voice. I could tell they were playing some game.
I noticed Margo intently staring at something on the desk. I glanced down to see that my tits were on display too. Leaning forward on the desk, the top of the dress had fallen almost completely away.
"Company policy, Sir" was Margo's mock reply.
My dad placed his cock in the crack of my ass and started to rub it up and down.
"And what policy is that?" my father demanded.
"The company dress code," Margo said. "It states that your personal staff is not allowed to wear panties at work." Margo was having great fun at this little game of play acting.
The depravity of this establishment was starting to reveal itself.
"And would you mind showing Charlotte how you've complied with the company dress code?" my dad asked.
"Of course not," Margo replied as she tossed the file folder on the ground. She place her hands flat against the sides of her thighs and started to slide her skirt up.
At the same time, my father had now positioned the head of his cock at my entrance, and was slowing pushing his way in.
Margo continued to lift her skirt, higher and higher. When it was an inch below her crotch, she grabbed the hem and continued pulling it up.
Meanwhile, my pussy was being asked to spread wider than it ever had. My dad evidently had practice doing this. He pushed just enough to coax me wider, but not hurt me, and then eased up, but without losing ground. Slowly, he was ratcheting that monster helmet of his into my tiny canal.
Margo was now standing directly in front of me, naked from the waist down. She was completely shaved. No surprise there.
And finally, it happened. The head of dad's cock slipped into my opening, the rest of his shift plunging down towards my womb. It was like my hymen breaking all over again. He left it buried to the hilt for a moment.
He then took one, slow, tentative stroke. He pulled almost out, and then pushed all the way back in again. I'd never felt fuller.
He left it there and addressed Margo. "Is there anything else?" he asked.
Margo paused. "I was hoping to watch?" she said, forming it as a question.
My dad dismissed her, saying "Maybe some other time."
Margo walked over to the folder she'd dropped on the floor and made a point of bending over at the waist to pick it up, giving dad and me an unfettered view of her charms. She stood up and began wriggling her hips while tugging her skirt back down into place. Once redressed, she slipped quietly from the room.
My dad had already started again. He pumped steadily in and out, his strokes getting a little longer, and faster, as I became more lubricated.
His hands started to roam. Originally at my hips, he started to gently pet my back. He reached around and cupped my breasts through the fabric.
As the force increased, I threw my head back and grabbed the front edge of the desk. The head of his cock would drag me backwards when he pulled out, and then slam me forward again. I had to cling to the desk to keep from either getting pulled off of it, or have my thighs smashed into it. It was like being fucked with a plunger.
All I could hear was the rustling of fabric and my own ragged breathing. My breasts and the the bodice of the dress had become a single swirling, bouncing, undulating mass.
He suddenly pulled out, lifted me up, spun me around, hoisted me back onto the desk and pushed me back; exactly the position he had me in originally.
I grabbed the hem of my dress and pulled it up to my chest. His cock was back in me before the fabric settled. It was intense, but not hurried. We continued, not saying a word, for several minutes. I'd already had one small orgasm and was headed towards a bigger one.
Just as I was starting to build, I could feel him cum inside me, his smooth rhythm faltering for a moment. He resumed, his cum now oozing around the edges of my opening.
He began to slow down. I screamed "No, don't stop. Please don't stop!"
Like someone had stomped on the gas pedal, he immediately went into high gear, furiously pumping my box. His cum created lubricant, which reduced the friction I was hoping would send me over the top, but the added speed was doing the trick.
I emitted an unintelligible, ululating, cry as I came. My head was thrown back; the room was upside down. I locked my legs around my dad, holding him in. I couldn't let him move, the sensation was too intense.
After awhile, my thighs relaxed their vice grip around his waist and I let him extract himself. I fell back onto the desk, panting.
Dad pressed a button on his desk and then said to me "Now I need you to clean this up."
I propped myself up again and gave him a look that communicated that I was completely mystified by the request.
"Come on, hop off," he said while extending his hands to help me off the desk and onto my feet again.
"On your knees," was his next instruction. I was beginning to get the picture.
I knelt down and took his, now slightly supple, meat into my mouth. I slurped and licked up and down the shaft. I was a cat, cleaning off as much cum and pussy juice as I could.
The button was apparently connected to Margo, because she reappeared next to the desk. She sat down two small wooden trays, both holding warm finger towels. As I looked up, she handed one to my father. He took it and motioned that I was done. He finished the last bit of cleaning with the towel, and returned his dick to his pants.
"That's for you," he said, nodding towards the second towel. "Also, the panel next to the bookshelf retracts. There's a full bath in there, if you need to clean up."
He bent down and kissed my forehead. With that, he and Margo began walking towards the door. Still on my knees, I twisted around to watch them leave.
"I'll see you tonight," he said as they disappeared through the doorway.
I slowly stood up. I could feel his cum trickling down my legs. I picked up the towel, lifted my dress and started wiping up what I could.
After a minute, I was relatively clean again. I found the hidden panel and went into his private washroom. I turned and looked in the mirror to find a wet spot on the back of my dress the size of Alaska.
"Next time, let's just stick to doggy style," I told my absent father.
I took the dress off and found a blow dryer. The picture of me standing naked in my father's office, patiently blow-drying fuck juice out of a dress, like a porn version of June Cleaver, was not lost on me.
After ten minutes, it was hardly noticeable. A little more cum had leaked out, so I dabbed that up before putting the dress back on. The fabric in the back was warm against my ass.
There was no sign of my dad or Margo as I left. The Amazon at the elevator waved goodbye as the doors closed.
I drove the long way home. I opened the sunroof, relishing the late spring air. The sun felt good on my face.
----------
The rest of the afternoon drifted by. I laid down a little, took a swim, checked e-mail, sent a few tweets—the usual.
It was well past sunset when Kwan found me in the entertainment room, watching some videos, dressed in pink boy shorts and a black T-shirt that read, "You can't handle this."
"Mr. Grant would like for you to be prepared for the evening," she said.
I considered the phrase "Prepared for the evening." How did I need to be prepared? Was the evening going to attack me at some point? Should I be armed or have some Ninja moves ready?
Without explaining, she continued. "Mr. Grant is having dinner out and will be back by 8:00. Please come with me," she said and led me towards the north guest rooms. These were the fancy guest rooms on the grownup's side of the house. I followed.
We entered one. It had been transformed into a makeshift beauty salon. A beautician's chair had been placed over a square plastic floor protector. Mirrors were set up around it. A hair dresser and makeup artist stood ready, the tools of their trade arranged about them.
The makeup artist was dressed in a loose, white, crop top with sequins, above a pair of bright pink, Capri length, pants. She had a tiny bellybutton ring. The hairdresser was a little less Jersey, wearing a red bolero jacket and mini skirt over a black leotard and blank and white checked tights. Neither looked too much older than me. They looked fun. I thought, "Yea, I could hang with these two."
I sat down and the transformation began.
The hairdresser combed out my hair (not a trivial job) and worked in conditioner and mousse. She then began separating my hair into tiny squares, tying each into a bundle by wrapping string around it, just above the roots. Each bundle stuck out about two inches. It gave the impression that my hair was erupting from dozens of tiny hair volcanoes all over my head. The effect was exotic.
She then started to weave thin strips of shiny ribbon into each cascade. The ribbons glittered and danced when I moved my head.
Meanwhile, the makeup artist wiped off my face to prepare it for her magic. It started with bronze blush applied with an airbrush. My eyes were done in a silver eye shadow, with heavy, bold, eyeliner that swept out from my eyes and across my face, like some futuristic Egyptian princess.
Bright red lip liner set off silver lipstick. Well, it wasn't lipstick so much as she painstakingly painted my lips silver with a tiny brush. The finishing touch was bright streaks of color, flying up my cheeks and into my hairline, in red, yellow, orange, blue, and green. This had already taken over an hour.
Without asking, they pulled me to my feet and rescued me from the burden of my clothing. I thought to myself, "No problem. I'm naked again. It's only the fourth time today. Thanks for asking."
Standing, they worked together, first rubbing scented moisturizer all over my body. And when I say "all over" I mean it. They unceremoniously massaged it into my fingers, arms, arm pits, breasts, stomach, back, ass cheeks, between my ass cheeks, in and around my pussy, eventually working down to my toes.
The makeup artist took up the airbrush again, this time covering every surface in a coppery sheen. Yes, "every surface." I won't repeat what that means.
The two then took turns placing minute amounts of micro-fine glitter in the palm of their hand, positioning themselves about a foot away from my skin, and blowing the glitter so it stuck to the spayed on layer. After several minutes of this, every inch (YES!) of me sparkled. I was ready for my guest appearance on Twilight.
While the makeup girl was dusting me with some kind of powder, the hairdresser helped me put on a pair of shoes. They were gold high heels. They had a deep V down the front, which opened into a high collar that went around the back of the ankle. Each foot looked like the wicked queen from Snow White.
Then they started putting me into a tiny gold bra. The minimal bra was a "quarter cup," which has just enough cup to lift your boobs, make them nice and round, and push them out for all the world to admire. The makeup girl brushed something on my, now very prominent, nipples.
I really didn't see the point of the bra, until they brought out the feathers. They attached two fans of feathers to the back of the bra. They stepped back to admire their work.
I looked in the mirror. I wasn't me. I wasn't even human. I was some exotic fire creature from some far off world. Oh fucking hell, I was a goddess—a radiant, shimmering, plumed goddess!
I was still staring at myself when Kwan reappeared and took my hand. She led me back down the hall to the center of the house. Most of the lights were out, which created a slightly ominous mood. For the second time today, the only sound was the sharp report of my heels on the hardwood floor.
We walked to the back of the house and out into the patio. The "patio," as we called it, wasn't a single thing. It was a sprawling arrangement of small areas, each suited to a different purpose. There were conversation areas, one for BBQ, several with dining tables, a pond, a hot tub, and so on.
Kwan brought me to the fire pit, a large flagstone circle with a bonfire in the middle. Normally populated by lots of chairs and low tables, tonight there was only one, and it was occupied by my father and a glass of wine.
I stepped onto the flagstone circle and we stopped. Kwan let go of my hand and departed.
Standing perfectly still, I was a column of movement.
I stood between the house and the fire. It illuminated me and cast giant, grotesque, shadows of my silhouette against the walls. Some kind of chemicals had been added, because its flames were dancing with color: red, orange, now green, a flash of white. The colors reflected off my skin and accentuated every curve and surface: the shadow of my collar bone, the dimples above my ass, my hipbone, the swell of my breast.
My plumage waved in the slight breeze. My hair undulated gently, like a huge dandelion. My nipples were rock hard.
I didn't feel naked. I didn't even feel exposed, although both were literally true. I felt like I was radiant energy itself. All the creatures of the world would gather before me and marvel at my naked beauty. My dad just sat and soaked it all in.
In a moment—that sudden moment when you understand something—I knew why I was here. I knew what this meant.
Yesterday, I was his daughter.
This morning, I was his whore.
Today, I was his employee.
Tonight, I was his fantasy.
I was perfectly content to stand there. In fact, I wish I could have frozen this moment for all time. No matter what else happened in my life, I would have this.
Soft music began to play.
On cue, father rose and slowly walked towards me, as if any sudden movement would startle this wild creature. He was wearing a tuxedo. It was black with charcoal grey lapels. He sported a stiff white shirt and bow tie. His shiny patent leather shoes crunched softly as he approached.
Soon he was standing within inches of me, eclipsing the light of the fire. I could almost feel an electric charge building between us.
He reached across with his left hand and gingerly lifted my left hand. He placed it on his right shoulder. He then reached out and took my right hand in his left and held it to the side. Finally, he placed his right hand on my bare left hip.
He took a small step to my right, pulling my arm and gently applying pressure to my hip. I stepped with him, then to the left, and again to the right. We were dancing—the dapper man and the golden girl.
The jazz music was soft, but easy to follow. It was a simple two-step, nothing fancy, just two bodies swaying from side to side in time to the music.
We looked into each other eyes; mine a whirl of metallic makeup, his dark and strong. We were dancing closer now. My nipples would occasionally brush against his lapel; the hem of his jacket would lightly touch my thigh.
He stepped even closer. Now my breasts were pressing against his jacket, my hips against his trousers. I could feel his cock stiffening in his pants, firm against my naked mound.
He took his hand off of my hip and wrapped his arm behind my back, pulling me in even closer. I could feel his belt buckle through his cummerbund. He'd brought my other hand in close and was now pressing his left arm tight against my right side. Our heads were resting on each other's shoulder. He was crushing me against him, as if to keep me from flying away on my wings.
We were no longer dancing, as much as just rocking together. This went on until the music finished. Another song did not start. We stopped rocking and he held me still in the silent evening air.
After a while, my father slowly loosened his clutch, withdrawing his arms and released my hand. He took a couple steps back. A girl-shaped outline of copper makeup and glitter was imprinted on his tux.
Previously unnoticed theater lights came on, flooding the fire pit in blue, green, red, and yellow light. It overwhelmed the light of the fire, which now looked dark. It overwhelmed the stars. I turned my head and shaded my eyes with my hand as I adjusted to the glare. The world beyond the circle fell into an inky darkness.
Two girls walked out of this curtain of shadows. They were identically dressed in body suits that started at their ankles and ended at their necks, leaving only their head, hands, and feet bare. The material was sheer, like smoke colored pantyhose. It slightly obscured everything, but hid nothing. I could discern every anatomical feature of their bodies. Both had dark hair in tight buns, were about the same height, and had small breasts with dark nipples. Their abdomens were toned; their arms and legs were sinewy, with well-developed muscles that could be easily seen through the sheer material. They looked like dancers.
They came from opposite directions and took up stations at either side of my father. They immediately began to undress him. They removed his jacket and tie, then knelt down and untied his shoes. One girl removed one shoe and sock, and then the other repeated the process. The first girl stood back up and began unbuttoning his shirt, while the other remained kneeling, removing the cummerbund and unbuckling his belt and pants. He shrugged off his shirt and stepped out of his trousers. The girls tossed his clothes off stage, because that what this had become.
Now the roles were reversed. He was naked and I was in costume.
My father was still a handsome man. He had strong, ropy, muscles that were sharply defined, nothing flabby or soft. His thighs and biceps, especially, were much more massive than his business suits let on. There were small amounts of hair here and there. He obviously shaved his private parts, but hair on the rest of body was naturally sparse.
The girl kneeling on the ground moved right in front of my dad, directly between us. She placed her hands on the front of his bare thighs. She blocked my view of his groin, but her head began undulating with movements that told me she was giving him head.
While that progressed, the other girl approached, walking strait towards me. When she was within arms length, she began to bend at the knees and lean back. But instead of sinking to the ground, she continued walking forwards, like she was doing the limbo. She inserted her knees between my legs. As she went lower, she forced me to spread my legs apart. My legs were at about a 90-degree angle when she fell back on her outstretched arms and crab-walked through my legs. As her head was about to pass through, she stopped and lifted her head slightly.
Her nose touched my pussy briefly, tentatively. Then it pushed up again, parting my outer lips, like a dog nuzzling for attention. She opened her mouth and her lips engulfed my mound. Her tongue separated my inner folds, exploring every tender surface. She continued this, traveling up further each time towards my clit. When she finally arrived it was like an electric shock. She circled it with her tongue, and then went down to my opening again, only to return and repeat the torture. I stood rigid.
I'd never had sex with a woman—not that Kate hadn't offered. (Kate said she was half bi-sexual, because she liked boys half the time and boys and girls the other half.) In any other situation, I probably would have freaked if a woman walked up to me and started eating me out. But at this moment, I was open to any sexual act. It's like when you go to a foreign country and will eat the weirdest shit just because everyone else is.
The girl was now alternating between my clit and actually inserting her strong tongue into my opening. I could feel a climax beginning. I watched as the other girl continued to service my dad. My dad watched me.
My father touched the girl on her head and she immediately pulled away, got up, and came my way. His cock was at full attention. It glistened with the girl's saliva.
The girl walked behind me, signaled to the one attached to me to stop, and pulled her the rest of the way through my legs, disappearing behind me. With my new lover's hot mouth gone, my excited pussy was suddenly exposed to the cool night air. The air burned.
Behind me, the dancers were repositioning themselves. The next thing I knew one of them (I could hardly tell them apart) was backing up through my legs, ass first. When her waist was even with my knees, she pushed up with her legs, lifting me off the ground. I was left straddling her hips, as if I was riding a pony backwards.
The other dancer held my upper arms and leaned me back. I was now inclined about 45 degrees, back to back with the "pony" dancer, my arms held behind me by the other, and my legs dangling on either side of her hips.
My father walked forward and entered me directly, without any hesitation. We were both slick and ready. The strong, persistent, rhythm of his cock renewed my climb toward an orgasm.
Father reached out and placed his hands on my up thrust tits. He held them in his grasp, using them to steady himself. I felt the warmth of the dancer beneath me, hot hands on my arms and breasts, and a fiery poker driving itself over and over towards the core of my body.
The orgasm came like a spasm in my gut. I tried to bend forward, but was held back. Instead, I rocked my pelvis upward, involuntarily, like a moth beating itself against a light.
Dad's pace never varied, but as soon as my orgasm subsided, he pulled out. The "pony" dancer immediately lowered me to the ground and disappeared through my legs, while the other one righted me again.
My father stood there while the dancers came to either side of me. Each took my hand and formed it into a fist. They then wrapped their hands around my fists. Using the other hand, they straightened my elbows, making it clear that I should keep my elbows locked. They then clamped my arms between their arms and their bodies.
In one coordinated movement, the dancers used my straightened arms to lift me off the ground. I was now suspended by my shoulders, my feet dangling in the air. The choreography continued. They reached down with their free hands, behind my legs, and pulled them up, bringing my knees almost up to my chest. Once there, they grabbed the backs of my calves and straightened my legs, sliding their hands down to hold my ankles.
I was now an inverted tripod. My stiff upper body, sandwiched firmly between the arms and bodies of the two dancers, was one third. The other two formed by my legs, now held wide and pointing to the sky. At at the bottom of the apex was a golden vagina, glistening with juice, open, and inviting. I was a flower, my sex organs crouching at the bottom of a lewd display, waiting to be violated by a passing bee.
My father stepped forward, this time reaching out, palms up, to take my proffered ass as if it were a bowl of fruit. The two dancers lifted me slightly, and he literally placed me on his cock. The three then began lifting and lowering me in unison. He, however, was not moving. I was being used to fuck him, like a life-sized doll.
My feathery wings flapped lazily with each lift, my hair undulated like a jellyfish. Our faces were close. I could see the lust on his. I was his fantasy creature, his property, his "thing" to use however it pleased him.
The eroticism of the moment was working. I could feel him getting stiffer inside me. I could hear his breath, deep and steady. I began to hear the breathing of the dancers next to me. The exertion was taking its toll.
This scene didn't last long. On the next lift up, my father hoisted me higher, up and off of his cock. The dancers released my ankles and my legs swung down underneath me again. They lowered me until I was standing on my own.
The dancer to my right placed her hand in the middle of my chest, fingertips lightly touching my breasts. She pushed backwards, urging me to take a few steps back. I did. They turned me around by my shoulders so I was facing away from my father. The dancer on my right then got on her knees directly in front of me. She lithely shimmied forward until her chin touched my sex. I spread my legs to accommodate her. Reaching between my legs, she placed her hands in the small of my back and lifted her upper body. I was now sitting on her upper chest, her hands supporting my back, like we were playing chicken, but backwards.
The other dancer was now behind me. She grasped my upper arms and began pulling me back. As I fell backwards in slow motion, she rolled to the ground and into ball, bringing her legs up underneath me. I was now horizontal, a human table, my hips supported by the shoulders of one dancer and my shoulders and back resting on the legs of the other, my beautiful feathers crushed between us. I looked up into the black sky.
The head between my legs began teasing my already excited pussy. Her tongue flicked my clit, tempting it out of its hood. Then it would flutter down my inner lips and back up again. This sensation was completely different than before. This must be the other girl.
The dancer on her back placed her hands flat on the sides of my head and tilted it back, holding it in position. My dad was upside down. His thick legs were trunks, planted in the ceiling. The trunks began moving towards me. It was like that scene in movies where the protagonist walks directly towards the camera until they fill the frame. My father's legs and scrotum filled my view as his cock pushed into my mouth.
I was an alter: prone, belly up, legs spread, head thrown back, and my mouth open. I couldn't see either of my worshipers, but I felt their need to penetrate me, fuck me, and fill me with their gifts.
The cool air rolled across my exposed stomach, sending chills down my spine. I abandoned myself to the moment. I became a passive receptacle to a cock and a tongue. I couldn't move my head. I simply held my lips tight around his cock and let it slide in and out. I was coming.
My second climax hit me like an electric shock. I convulsed, pulling my knees up, trying to dislodge the bottom girl from my clit. It didn't work. Even with my knees drawn up, she held my hips with her hands and kept her face clamped against my quivering pussy. The waves of the orgasm continued. I cried out, my scream muffled by the cock filling my mouth.
The girl then began to hum into my pussy, the vibration intensifying and prolonging the sensation.
My father had stopped moving, but had not vacated my mouth. I couldn't scream. I couldn't escape. I was trapped in a orgasm that went on and on. When it finally subsided, the relief that it was over was more blessed than any orgasm I'd had at college.
My father pulled out of my face, the humming girl lowered my hips, resting them in her lap, and the girl on her back pushing me upright again.
Humming girl held me as the other girl got off the ground, came around in front of me, took my hands and stood me up. The girl between my legs then got on her hands and knees directly in front me, perpendicular, her back flat. The standing girl helped me climb onto to her. I was now kneeling on the back of the girl, one knee on her shoulders, the other on her hip.
The standing girl now reached around my back. She gently pulled me forwards, causing me to bend at the waist. To keep my balance I had to stick my ass out.
My pussy was now a study in hospitality. It was at the perfect height for a man of my father's stature to walk over and insert his cock into. With my legs slightly spread, it was open and easily accessible. It was already hot and wet. I waited to be entered again, but did not imagine how.
My father entered me abruptly, and the mood instantly changed. He grabbed my hips and thrust in. Not delicately, but with force and conviction. The standing girl held me steady, keeping me from falling off the girl below.
Father's pace increased. The earlier sensation of his cock gilding in and out, like the bow of a violin, was gone. It was replaced with the unbroken drone of a jackhammer. The girl bent forward, dipped her head and tenderly kissed my nipples, first one and then the other. She rubbed her cheek against my bosom, softly, like kitten rubbing catnip.
Now my dad was pounding into to me, hard. My ass rippled with each impact, my breasts bouncing, the bra unable to constrain them.
He let go of my hips and grabbed the back of my bra. He twisted it, turning it into a handle. The bra cut cruelly into my sides, the straps digging deep into my shoulders. He thrust even harder. This was not pleasant. I was being raped.
My tits were bouncing so violently that the girl couldn't kiss them any more. She buried her head between them, her cheeks pressing against my flesh, still clutching my arms. I could feel her breath on my sternum. It was compassionate and supportive, as if she was trying to tell me that it would be over soon and everything would be OK.
It was soon over. My father exploded into me, his spasm driving his cock even further into my womb, bruising my organs. His hips raised up taking me with them. I was being lifted off of the kneeling girl by his impaled cock. The standing girl held me tight.
Slowly he lowered his hips again, my weight settling back onto the girl. His cock continued to spasm deep inside. His grip on my bra relaxed. His hands and legs lost their tension. I could breath again. When everything was finally still, he pulled out. I was empty.
The standing girl helped me off. My legs were weak. The two girls each took a hand, turned me around, and stood on either side of me, ready to catch me if I fell. My exquisite makeup was smudged and distorted. The feathers were broken, one side hung down, dangling over my ass. My skin was patches of smears and hand prints where I'd been grasped, streaks of skin showing where the body paint had been completely rubbed away. My pussy was still vibrating. One bra strap hung limply across my arm. A tear rolled down my cheek. "When had I cried?" I thought to myself.
My father came to me. He took my face in both hands and leaned in. He kissed me on the lips. A strong, deep, tender kiss. It was a lover's kiss. He held the kiss for a long time.
His lips left mine. His hands fell away from my face. He turned and walked naked into the darkness.
The two girls helped me lay down on the flagstone. I lay there, sweaty and sore, utterly spent. The lights went out. Everything was dark. As my eyes slowly adjusted, I could see the stars reappear, the last embers of the bond fire glowing in the night. I closed my eyes.
----------
I awoke awhile latter. I was shivering, my hands and feet felt frozen. I was naked, outside, at night. The air was chilly now; the stone circle was a sheet of ice against my back. I sat up. The girls were gone. I could see a faint light coming from the house. I got up and ran towards it, hugging myself, trying to hold in what little warmth I still had.
The light revealed itself to be a trail of squat candles. I followed them into the house. The air was warmer here. They led me down the hall and up the stairs toward my room. My broken feathers dangled behind me as I walked.
The candles didn't extend all the way to my room. They stopped at my bathroom. The door was slightly ajar, disclosing a thin sliver of the light within.
I pushed it open. The two makeup artists were there, along with the two dancers, all patiently waiting. They all stood as I entered. The two dancers were now naked, their body suits discarded. They had showered. I saw angry scraps on their knees and elbows. One looked like it could have been bleeding, but had been tended to.
The group circled me and led me to the dressing stool. The makeup girl began removing the ruin of my face, while the two dancers unhooked my bra and used sponges to wipe off the body paint. The hairdresser's nimble fingers began untying each bundle of hair, extracting the ribbons as she worked.
I watched the reverse of my previous transformation in the mirror. The ravaged goddess was fading away, replaced again by a human girl.
In short order, the fantasy had been erased. One of the dancers started the shower, while the other one helped me stand. They stepped into the shower with me. Four hands began soaping my body. One then took to cleaning me with a shower scrub, while the other shampooed my hair.
When they were finished, I was fresh again. The glow of my skin, this time, was my own.
They led me out of the shower. The other two were gone, along with every trace that they had been here. The dancers toweled me off where I stood. Once dry, they quickly dried themselves.
Each holding one hand, the three of us walked naked out of the bathroom. The trail of candles now stretched from my bathroom to my bedroom. We followed the path. My bed was stripped down to its sheets, a soft down comforter folded up at the foot. The only light was the candles.
They tenderly helped onto the bed, laid me in the very center, face up, and placed a pillow under my head. The pillow felt good. They went to the foot, grabbed an edge of the comforter, and brought it up and over the bed, causing it billow and sail before it settled gently around me.
In a day full of the unexpected, the girls then did a very unexpected thing. They both crawled into bed with me. They turned on their sides, facing me. Each placed an arm over me, their hands lightly touching my breasts. They pressed their hips into my hip. They swung their legs over to entwine them around mine. They were warm and soft. I drifted off to the sounds of their gentle breathing.
----------
The next thing I remember, it was morning. I sat up, the comforter falling away. The girls and candles were gone.
There was a white note card tented on my nightstand. I reached over and picked it up.
"Thank you for yesterday." it read.
"The board has approved your internship. You start Monday. Welcome aboard."
It was signed "D.G."
I laid back down, lightly holding the note between my fingers. It was then I noticed something written on the back.
"P.S. You remind me of your mother."