If you haven't read the first three chapters of the series, I recommend you going back and having a look to enjoy these later chapters more!
***
"Oh my goodness..."
I was still half asleep when I heard a familiar female voice echoing in the room. My eyes began to slowly open and I remembered where I was. Laying inside Katie's bedroom, right next to her, her smooth bare leg on top of mine, we were both naked.
But we weren't alone now.
A girl was standing at the end of the bed with her hands on her hips. At first glance, I thought it must have been one of her three sisters who had come into the bedroom. But when I started to see clearly, I saw our friend Milly.
The busty blonde girl was in her athletic gear. Today it was bright fluro blue bike shorts and a black sports bra encasing those massive breasts. She had her mouth wide open, staring at us both as she realised what must have happened the night before.
Katie had woken up too and didn't know what to say, we were caught red-handed, there was nothing we could say.
"Did you two..." she pointed at both of us, "Did you two... oh my god... you didn't... did you?"
Katie sighed, smacking her head back down on the pillow and covering her eyes. There was no point denying it, the evidence was there, With a long sigh, she told her, "Yeah, we did... what are you even doing here though?"
"Nice attempt of reflection," Milly commented, "Maybe you had forgotten with Leo here... but we were meant to be going for a walk this morning, around Cobblers Lake?"
Katie swore, putting her hands to her face again.
All in the meantime, I laid there awkwardly underneath the bedsheets, completely naked. I didn't know if Milly knew that too but I was too shy to find out.
"Ugh... I knew your grandparents weren't in town!" Milly said, pointing her finger again, "They never come down here earlier than Christmas!"
I couldn't tell if she was actually mad or not but any anger over our lies appeared to be only directed at Katie. But the brunette didn't want to have this conversation right here, right now. She told Milly to wait downstairs while she had a shower and changed into some clothes.
After Milly left, very much confused, I eagerly watched Katie's naked body quickly hop out the bed and pick out some clothes. She covered her tits as she did so. As if she had to hide them from me now after what she let me do to them last night. Her ass looked phenomenal as she stood with her back to me. The light from the sun outside lit up the room, making it clearer to see her than the bedroom lamp light from the night before.
She excused herself, leaving to shower in the bathroom before going on her walk with Milly. I didn't know how much she would share with her best friend. Personally, I was just trying to let it sink in about what had happened last night. Not only did I lose my virginity, but so did she.
Awkwardly, I got dressed and hung around Katie's room while she was away. I was too afraid to leave it, worried I'd run into one of her family members and have to have an awkward conversation with them.
Katie and Milly were back at the house by noon, after their walk at the lake. I was planning on heading home but the girls were persistent on me staying and heading out into the backyard with them today. Katie had a beautiful in-ground pool and considering it was going to be a hot Saturday Afternoon, there was no better place to be than by some water.
On top of it, Katie's parents were off to her father's work function which wouldn't finish until late in the evening.
So I stayed.
While the girls changed into bikinis upstairs, I sat out by the pool. It was still only midday but I was already starting to sweat outside. It didn't help that I had jeans on from the night before, I hadn't come prepared for swimming.
I sat on a lounge chair in the small bit of shade there was from a nearby tree that was just outside of the pool gate. The water looked so tempting to jump in but I still held reservations, not wanting to jump into the water with my underwear when her sisters may show up at any point.
The sound of a sliding door and the voice of Milly brought my attention back to what was coming my way.
"Fucking hell..." I muttered quietly to myself.
Out walked the two busty girls in their two-piece bikinis. Katie was first, in her white bikini which was tiny on her, the top half barely covering those mammoth mountains, jiggling as she walked. She listened to Milly talk to her, following in behind her, in a bright pink bikini.
Both had sunglasses on, something I wish I had myself to stop making so obvious with the amount of perving I was about to go this afternoon.
I hadn't seen the girls in bikinis very often. School swimming carnivals was a great day for all the boys at our school to blatantly stare at their half naked bodies.
Milly changed the conversation as the girls neared me.
"What you doing over there?" she asked me, "Thought you'd be in the pool by now."
I looked down at my jeans, "Well I didn't really bring any swimwear."
The girls looked at each while sitting down on the fold-out chairs next to him, theirs actually in the sun. Milly let out a bit of a giggle but Katie answered me, "You can go in with your underwear if you like, it's not like I haven't seen more than that now..."
"Yeah but I haven't so maybe you should take it one step further and skinny dip," Milly commented.
I started to unzip my jeans, "Your sisters won't come out here?"
Katie shook her head, now lying on her back, "Nope, they're all out today, it's just us three inside the house until later tonight."
That gave me a bit more confidence to rip off the jeans. Despite following Milly to the gym recently, I still wasn't confident about my body so taking off my shirt in front of both girls left me a little self-conscious.
I preceded to make my way to the edge of the pool. At least underwater, they wouldn't be seeing as much of me where I could still see all of them. It was just the way I liked it.
As soon as the water hit my body as I jumped in, I felt the icy coolness to it which was overall, a big relief in this weather.
The girls didn't move, just laid out there in the sun on the sun beds. It left me to swim around in the cool water in just my underwear.
I was in a great mood today. Floating around the pool by myself, occasionally glancing up at the girl that took my virginity and her just as an attractive friend.
Shortly after, I was called on.
"Hey Leo!" Katie yelled out, wanting my attention, "Can you go inside and grab the sunscreen from the kitchen, it's in the medicine cabinet, to the right of the fridge."
"Uh sure," I replied.
Hopping out of the pool, I hurried off to the gate. The girls definitely took notice of the way my cock looked in just my underwear as the material stuck to my body tightly because of the water. There was a clear outline of my bits and pieces underneath.
Drying myself off with the spare towel that Katie gave me, I made my way back inside.
I was still dripping some water from my legs as I walked around Katie's kitchen, looking for the sunscreen. By the time I had grabbed it out of the cupboard next to the fridge, I wasn't alone.
"Found it? Taking your sweet time."
I turned to see my busty blonde friend standing there, holding onto the edge of the island bench. It was impossible not to stare at her boobs, sitting nicely in the pink bikini top. Her sunglasses were sitting up on top of her head so I could see her pretty blue eyes again.
"It wasn't that long."
She let out a little 'hmm' as she started to walk around the other side of the island bench, very slowly.
Milly caught my eyes, "Sooo... not a virgin anymore huh? You went to the master to learn a thing or two?"
She certainly didn't know that it was only Katie's first time too. Of course I didn't want to reveal that to her, keeping Katie's secret was important to me so I just shrugged her question off.
"So why her?" she asked me, "Just curious... didn't want to come to me?"
Again, I shrugged my shoulders, awkwardly standing in the kitchen in my dripping wet underwear, "I don't know... I didn't really plan any of it."
She circled the bench a little more, running the palm of her hand over the top of the bench, "It's okay... I don't think you'd be ready to handle me yet."
This reeked of jealousy. I couldn't believe it had gotten to a point where there was now a bit of tension and jealousy between the girls when someone would do something with me.
I knew right then that someone like Rose would feel the same way as Milly.
But it felt like I had a bit of power finally among these five. I decided to answer her confidently with a bit of cockiness, something unlike me to do, "Actually... I'm sure I could.
That made her chuckle.
Milly had made her way full circle, back around the island bench, not a whole lot separating us. She looked me in the eye, "Oh really?"
"Yeah... really."
Her hand travelled to her back. She undid the strings of the bikini top. It shifted off her chest and Molly did the rest, pulling it completely off her body. In a matter of seconds, her boobs were now free.
Milly was topless.
The third girl of the Saturday Night Five to willingly show me their tits.
They were so nice and round, hanging off her chest. After spending so much time with Katie last night, I was instantly comparing. I couldn't tell if they were any bigger than Katie's. A slightly different shape but they looked just as heavy. A noticeable difference was her nipples, Milly's were pinker.
Pinker than both Katie's and Rose's.
I had no way of hiding my erection in my underwear. It shot up immediately, hard and stiff. Milly standing in just her bikini bottoms now, glanced down and smirked at my dick.
The blonde walked towards me and grabbed the sunscreen bottle out of my hands. Again, I couldn't stop staring at her exposed tits. She reminded me of a young Sydney Sweeney, an actress I had jerked off multiple times.
She whispered in my ear before passing, "Don't kid yourself... you couldn't last a minute with me."
She brushed past me, wanting to purposely rub her right breast up against my arm as she did so. Milly headed back out the sliding door, not a care in the world that she was half naked now. I didn't know what neighbours were next door but if they could see over that fence, they'd get one spectacular view.
I followed her back outside, aware that I was sporting a massive boner now. Feeling a little weird about it and wondering what Katie would think, I hopped back into the pool straight away, sliding in the shallow end first.
She's not your girlfriend... we're not even a thing, I kept reminding myself. There was nothing wrong with me getting hard over Milly's bare tits.
"Lost your top huh?" Katie asked amused when she flipped back onto her back to see Milly coming back.
"Oh well Leo here thinks he can handle both of us now," she said, loud enough for both of us to hear, "Guess he doesn't think we're that hot anymore now that's he, not a virgin."
"Is that right?" Katie said, with a smirk on her face, looking over at me in the pool.
She was twisting my words and basically straight-up lying, "That's not what I said... Katie I didn't say that."
"I don't know Leo... sounds like you're getting a little cocky now," Katie replied with cheek.
I stood in the water by the edge, looking back and forth between them. Milly came over to sit on the end of Katie's lounge chair, I watched them whisper to each other.
After a bit of familiar giggling, Katie started to untie her white bikini top. Before I knew it, there were two sets of boobs in my vision.
"Alright then hot shot," Milly called me, "Let's test you out... I know you can't last the day out here looking at us without running off inside to jerk off or end up begging us to let you touch them," she said, pointing at their breasts.
I didn't know what sort of challenge this was.
The girls going to be topless out by the pool all day sounded just like a big win for me.
"You think you can last all day without touching yourself?" Milly asked.
I couldn't see their eyes because they were covered by sunscreen but I could feel both girls staring at me. In reality, I want to wank right now but this seemed like a bit of fun, "Alright, alright... I'm in," I told them, "I won't, I know I won't."
The girls smiled at each other.
It was game on.
They started to work on me immediately, teasing me by the side of the pool. Milly poured sunscreen into her hand and started to do Katie's back now that she was sitting up. Her hands on her body felt erotic to me. But it was nothing compared to the way she grabbed the brunette's tits from behind her.
Katie didn't move as Molly massaged sunscreen into her heavy pillows of joy. She made a real show of it, squeezing them, twisting them, even bouncing them. What really had me going was when she pinched Katie's nipples and tugged on them.
I was getting flashbacks of what I was allowed to do to her last night.
"Let me get you too before your boobs go red," Katie told her best friend.
The brunette spun around to face the blonde, taking the bottle of sunscreen from her. She poured a generous amount into her own hands before lathering up Milly's body, particularly the twin peaks. The girls sitting so casually as they sun screened up each other's tits seemed natural enough that they had done this before.
My boner was painfully hard. I wanted to touch it badly this morning thinking about last night's adventures and now this was just giving me even more wank content.
The challenge was going to be a lot harder than I thought.
"Have you put sunscreen on Leo?" Katie asked me once she had finished with Milly.
I shook my head, "I'm alright."
"Oh honey, come over here," she repeated, "You'll burn easily in the water, that's where the sun can really get you."
Next to her, Milly shook the bottle of sunscreen around. I watched her tits jiggle as they did and felt my horniness reach another level again.
Although they were mainly doing this to presumable tease me further, I also knew they were right. My skin wasn't great in the sun, when it burnt, it stung. So I pulled myself out of the water, and did my best to hide the gigantic hard-on but it was just no use. They both could see it, it was just inevitable.
"Let me give you a bit of a dry first," Katie said, picking up her towel and starting to use it on me, "It won't work properly unless you're dry."
I felt her dry me down everywhere, something I could have easily done myself. When the brunette got to my crotch area, she purposely gave it a good rub, basically giving my shaft a little bit of hand action.
"Alright Milly, I think he's ready."
The blonde behind me had already begun to rub sunscreen on my back. The liquid was cold which make me jump but once her hands touched me, my body relaxed. Her hands were already warm after running them all over Katie's body. Now they travelled down my back, really massaging the white liquid into my skin. Then I felt her drop to her knees, her long blonde hair tickled the side of my legs as she ran her hands around them. Up and down, to rub it in even though they were still fairly wet.
The whole time she was behind me, I had a half-naked Katie in front of me. A quiet smile on her face as she crossed her arms over those spectacular tits. I started to think the girls were right, I wouldn't last all day out here.
"And spin around," Milly told me, standing back up on her feet.
I did as the blonde said. Now with the view of her big boobs instead as she worked on my chest. It was the first time she had seen me topless as well, "Look, I can already feel a bit of improvement from the gym sessions."
We hadn't exactly gone much yet but the little compliment amid all this teasing didn't go unnoticed from my end. But I was quickly thinking about her tits again that continued to wobble around as her hands moved on me.
"Alright..." she said softly, "You're good to go."
Sunscreened up, I waited a bit before jumping back into the pool. The girls in the meaning had started to sunbake, laying topless by the pool. It's fair to say I never lost my boner, constantly looking at the two sets of big tits that were facing the clear blue sky.
When I ended up back in the water, I attempted to block them out. I can't remember how long but somehow my mind did manage to escape their breasts for long enough to have the girls needing to check in on me.
I saw Milly standing up by the tiled edge, stretching her arms out. Again she knew what she was doing, she knew exactly where I'd be looking at.
"How's the water?"
"Cold when you first hop in but nice after that."
She gestured to Katie to come in as well before jumping from the edge, into the deep end of the pool. Her boobs bounced like crazy on her way in. I was nearby her and copped the big splash from her entry. By the time I was clearing the water from my eyes, Katie had jumped in too.
The two topless babes cooled off in the water, floating around, diving underwater.
What could I say, if big tits were my kryptonite then what could you say about big wet tits?
The way those orbs looked, glistening from the water made my heart stop. I couldn't help myself, I subtlety squeezed my cock underwater, giving it a couple of pumps as I watched them both swim over to the shallow end so that their tits were just above the top of the water level.
"Hands up!" Milly pointed at me.
Oops. She had caught me touching myself. I pulled my hands above the water, pretending to act innocent.
"Oh you naughty, naughty boy," she cooed, "Told you that you couldn't last all day without touching yourself."
At first, I was going to lie but there was no point, they deserved to win this little wager. They had my match all afternoon.
"Fine, okay, you win," I admitted, walking up to them in the shallow end, "But seriously... how can you blame me, look at what I'm dealing with."
I splashed some water on their big jugs that were still visible above the water. Wet breasts, their nipples hardening in front of me.
The girls high-fived each other and laughed.
"So what do we win?" Katie asked me.
I shrugged, "Didn't know there was a winning prize."
"Well... maybe you can give us both piggyback rides in the water," she suggested.
"Shotgun first," Milly claimed me.
Without another word, the blonde girl charged through the water and jumped onto my back with force. My legs had to steady and hold myself up as she clung to my body. Her legs wrapped around my hips while her hand came over my shoulders.
I held onto her thighs before I started to walk around the water, giving her a piggyback.
And yes... the best part of it all... those big wet titties up against my back. They were seriously like airbags pressed tightly up against me.
Her boobs moved around against me quite a bit as I shuffled around the water, only able to go halfway down the pool before it got too deep for me to stand and carry Milly. She had a ball as I dragged her around for a few minutes, going up and down the shallow end of the water.
"Come on horsey!" she'd tease me, wanting me to go faster.
Katie was giddy to go next.
I let one girl off to let another one on.
For a few moments, we were just having fun, carrying both girls around the pool as we laughed. They'd tell me to go faster and I'd try to before failing, losing my footing and having one of them fall off.
It felt like they had forgotten about teasing me and were just having innocent fun (with their bare tits out of course). And as the novelty wore off, maybe I did too and was just enjoying the girls' company, after all, they were my friends.
But we weren't just friends now, we had gone beyond that. And after I playfully wrestled with Katie underwater after getting off my back, something clicked. The brunette wiped the brown hair out of her face as she giggled before leaning forward and kissing me right on the lips.
My hands naturally went to her hips underwater, pulling her in. It was like we had continued from where we left off last night. Katie wasn't even concerned that her best friend was standing right there. She just couldn't help herself.
But there was one thing that I had just learnt about Milly.
Jealousy.
The girl could get jealous quite easily. It's why this was all happening right now. The way I viewed her, I couldn't help but see a striking comparison to a child. The kind of child who wants to play with a toy that their friend was playing with, just because they were.
Today I was that toy.
"Woah, woah, woah," she called out, breaking out little kiss up, "Are you serious right now? I ain't no third wheel."
Katie still had a hold of me in the water and didn't seem to be letting go. But she invited Milly to come closer, "I didn't say that I wasn't happy to share."
She took her right arm off me and allowed Milly to close in on us. The busty blonde had a seductive look on her eager face. It was hard to keep an eye on that thought when her large boobs were still moving around.
"Did you want to give him a kiss?" Katie asked, moving aside a little more to let her in.
She shook her head, "Not really... there's something else I'd rather do."
I felt her hand underwater tightly grab my crotch. She gave it a good squeeze in her hand, of course I was still just as hard as before. Katie's innocent little giggle was back as she took one of my hands and planted them on Milly's left breast.
They were just as soft and squishy as Katie's. But unlike last night with Katie, her's were slippery to touch. Her wet breasts slipped out of my grip. I kept pawing at them.
It took me a few seconds to try and work out why I wasn't touching both of them. Suddenly I had my right hand holding onto Katie's tit and my left hand squeezing the life out of Milly's. There was too much going on for me, the girls both had hands on my cock as they slid them underneath my briefs.
"Help me bring him up here," Milly told Katie.
The girls dragged me through the water, instructing me to sit up on the tiled edge with my legs still in the water. They helped me out of the briefs completely and for the first time, Milly was staring at my big uncovered boner.
"Oooh, not bad," she mentioned to Katie.
Katie smirked, "I'll let you choose what you want to do with it."
"Hmm," Milly muttered as she placed herself in between his exposed legs, "What else did you two do last night? I'm sure she would have gone down on you."
I shook my head and so did Katie to her side.
"What? Really? Hmm... did she titty fuck you with those airbags?"
Again I shook my head.
"Oh dear... guess I've got a couple of options then," she said, running her fingernails down my bare thighs.
My cock throbbed as she made me wait, "What do you think? Mouth? Or tits?"
Milly bobbed up and down, pretending she was about to lick the tip of my cock or press her breasts against it. She did it multiple times before finally picking, "They've been torture for you all day, guess I should go with these."
Milly pulled me an inch forward so her hanging boobs could reach my shaft. She pushed me in between them, her hands on either side of her breasts as she slowly began to move them up and down. Milly tightened the grip to increase the tension, pulling down my foreskin every time she went down.
Once the blonde was locked in, she started to watch my eyes, as if she knew I would cum right away. I tell you what, I wasn't far off.
Katie came up to her side and ran her fingertips now against the side of my thigh which made my body tingle. I was watching my cock disappear into the twin peaks of Milly's. Seeing the head pop back up every time before hiding away was so satisfying.
"Ready Katie?"
"Ready for what."
"To switch," Milly then said, dropping her boobs and moving out of the way so Katie could jump in.
One busty beauty was replaced with another as Katie took over. The brunette seemingly wasn't as confident with it as Milly. I now knew that she was a virgin before last night but I didn't know what or if she had done anything else.
It took her a few extra seconds to get into the groove than what Milly did. But the brunette found that rhythm, creating a lot of pressure on my throbbing shaft that was being toyed with by their massive tits. The wet cannons were even more slippery than Milly's but it did make it an easy and pleasure able experience as they bounced.
Everything was so erotic that I could barely get a grip on the situation. As simple as the girl's wet hair positioned in a sexy messy way had me going.
The girls switched three more times, working out a signal between them.
Every time they were about to switch, I felt close to finishing. But when they moved, it gave my dick a bit of a rest and I would be able to hang on for a little longer. But as Milly got back in control, speeding up just how fast her wet boobs were grinding up against my cock.
She had a more determined look written on her face now. A few strands of blonde wet hair got in her eye but she didn't slow down or stop, just gave it a big blow to move it, continuing to bounce those beautiful things.
I lost it. I muttered and shook at the same time as I started to unload myself all over Milly. She kept going until I was completely drained, copping most of the load on her tits and neck.
The blonde still hadn't taken away her breasts yet, "Such a mess..."
"You didn't see what he did to my bed sheets last night," Katie commented.
"Well guess he's never experienced anything like this before," Milly said, leaving my lap but still holding her tits, "Eventually, you're going to have to pay us back one day..."
The girls headed towards the pool steps to hop out. They grabbed a couple of towels and began to dry their half-naked bodies. I was still breathing heavily in the same spot where my cock was given an absolute workout.
"Hey Leo," Katie said, who was covering her body now with her towel, "If you want a shower, we'll leave the upstairs bathroom free for you."
"Ah sure, thanks."
The girls then opened up the gate and started to make their way to the sliding door, to hop back inside. I couldn't stop thinking about what I had just experienced. But Milly's words ran in the back of my mind after they had gone back inside.
Pay them back, she had to be talking about getting them off.
Although my cock may have felt relieved to have finished, I hadn't.
I felt a little guilty.
So I wanted to pay her back specifically. And I wanted to do it now. Back inside, I followed the sound of running water. It led me to what was Katie's parents' bedroom. I hesitantly stepped inside and heard the water coming clearly from behind the door that led to their ensuite.
I didn't feel like I was intruding to barge in while they were naked and having their shower. They had both seen me naked, Katie had fucked me, and they had literally just titfucked me seconds ago. I kept convincing myself that this was fine.
In I went, pushing the door open. Unlike the incident at Rose's, I wasn't locked out, instead, I was given a view of a naked Katie, looking at herself in the mirror and a blurry view of Milly's naked body behind the frosted glass of the shower.
"Woah, fuck," Katie said in surprise, "Scared me."
Milly couldn't see much out of the frosted glass, "Is that you Leo??"
I stood there naked, closing the door behind me, "Yeah it's me."
"Everything all good?" Katie asked.
"Yeah hun, I know things might be a little confusing after what we just did with you," I heard Milly's louder voice over the shower water, "But that doesn't mean you can walk into the bathroom with us any time you want from now on."
Katie was still standing by the mirror, looking at me with curiosity. She was completely naked, her bikini bottoms at her feet with Milly's pink ones sitting up on top of the shower glassed door.
"Well..." I started speaking, a little flustered, "You wanted me to pay you girls back Milly, why not now?"
A little smirk appeared on Katie's face as she turned back to the mirror waiting for Milly's reaction. All I could hear for a few seconds was the sound of the hot water, watching the steam escape from the top.
Then the glass door opened up and her head peeked out, "Right now?"
I nodded confidently, "Yeah right now."
The blonde shut the door, which initially made me panic that the answer was no and that I needed to get out of there before making more of a fool of myself. But then I heard her voice from inside the glass, telling me to hurry up and come in.
"Go on... give her what she wants," Katie told me with a smirk.
Already bare butt naked, I made my move. Tiptoeing to the shower door, I opened it up wide to be hit with a whole bound of steam, coming from the hot water. Standing under it was Milly in a simple yet sexy pose. Her blonde hair looked darker underneath the running water. I looked down at her body, her wet breasts, toned stomach and then finally, her bald pussy.
She was completely shaved downstairs. It was just the second time a girl had shown me their vagina so I was very much amused. I dropped to my knees off the shower floor, still unsure what I was doing.
"You've never done this before?"
I shook my head, copping the water from the shower head.
Milly chuckled to herself as she turned around, her round butt cheeks in the direction of my face. The blonde leaned forwards up against one of the shower walls which stuck her butt back in my face. The further she stretched, the more of her puffy lips I could see. And right above, her puckered asshole.
It didn't matter that I just came, I was naturally hard again. For a few moments, I was just staring at her lips, dripping wet, probably just due to the water from the shower but I'd like to think that I had made her at least a little wet after she played with my cock.
"You know... it's not going to eat itself?"
Seeing her head peek around her shoulder, I hurried up. Getting to work, I moved my face forward and stretched out my tongue to touch her lips. Less than 24 hours, I had my first experience with a woman's pussy and it took me a while to get anything going. I still didn't have a great idea of what I was doing right now.
Grabbing a hold of her soft ass cheeks, I spread them wide so I could press my face further in. I wiggled my tongue around the outside of her lips before I felt it make its way inside her.
Milly grabbed the back of my head and pushed me in further, there was no point in being shy here.
Not being an expert at this, I just flicked my tongue around, looking for spots to make her moan. I had been expecting a much different taste but she was sweet, a little bitter but very subtle.
I kept working away and to my pleasure, I started to hear her lightly moan. Milly kept her hand on the back of my head as I ate her out. In between my legs, I was still as stiff as ever as I enjoyed the feel of my face In between her wet butt cheeks.
The whole time I couldn't see, I was forced to shut my eyes due to the constant running water. But my tongue kept working, despite my complete inexperience in this area.
"Oooh yeah, get right in there!"
I felt her press harder against the back of my head. My nose was pressed up against her puckered asshole as my tongue stretched as far as it could inside her.
She kept letting out little moaning noises which is exactly what I wanted to hear.
"Katie, about time you get your ass in here!" Milly eventually shouted out.
The brunette had dried off outside the shower already but as soon as her best friend said that, she was back at the glass door. She opened it up to see me down on my knees, in between Milly's peach of an ass.
I think she had been waiting patiently for one of us to welcome her back inside the glass-frosted doors of the shower. Maybe that was again a sign of the difference between the two girls. Katie stood inside, making the small area feel even more steamy.
I hadn't left Milly's behind, still eating her out as I felt a new pair of hair up against the back of my head. Katie softly ran her fingers through my very wet hair. She pushed gently, keeping me in that position for a little longer.
But it was only getting more difficult, losing my breath and feeling my jaw lock up.
"Is he hard?" I heard Milly ask her best friend.
Katie inspected me to confirm that fact for her best friend. She had bent down and used her wet hand to touch my privates before giving it a light playful tug. I couldn't see it but I assumed that the brunette had given her best friend a nod of her head in approval.
"Good," Milly said in between breaths, she pulled my head out of her ass and held my chin, directing my face up towards her, "I want to see you fuck her... just like you did last night, okay?"
I nodded, barely able to see her properly with the constant shower water pouring down on my face, getting in my eyes.
The next thing I knew, I was helped back up onto my feet and standing behind Katie. Her ass cheeks looked incredible in the shower, getting wetter by the second as the shower water came down.
Milly was by our side, she slapped her best friend's wet butt nice and hard, making a very nice clapping sound. It still wasn't sinking in, what was happening in front of me, what was happening to me, this just felt like an incredibly wet dream.
But here I was, hard again, ready for another go.
"Don't be shy about us," Milly whispered to me, "Really give it to her."
I looked in front at Katie who bent her head back at me, I could see the smile on her face. With her hands planted on the wall, she removed one to grab my shaft behind her and try and direct it in the right direction.
That was enough for me that I knew she definitely wanted to do this again.
I used my hands on her body as I let my cock slip between her cheeks and line up against her wet slit.
This time, it went in easier. I felt my length be taken in by her hot vaginal lips, swallowing more and more of my length as it progressed inside.
"Uhhh..." she lightly moaned.
Memories of the night before hit me as I started to work on thrusting. I was half-closing my eyes at first, finding a groove as I started to move in and out at a quicker rate.
My grip on her hips helped guide my pelvis back into her. Her ass cheeks were so wet that every time my body pressed in against them, it made this perfect wet clapping noise that was a massive turn-on.
"Ooooh yesss... fuck..."
The harder I fucked her, the louder her voice echoed, even though she was again being cautious of the sound of her voice because we weren't alone. The top of her body was pressed up against the glass as I continued to ram into her from behind.
Katie had her back arched in such a sexy and convenient way that assisted in my thrusting.
It was a slightly different feeling in the shower but nether less, I was using it as a real chance of practising something I was so non-advanced in.
"How is he?" Milly whispered to her friend, up against the glass.
Katie just let out another little moan with another nod of the head.
I had more than a glance at Milly whose right hand was in between her legs, lightly playing with herself. She noticed my staring and used her spare hand to grab her left breast, squeezing and teasing it in front of me.
She circled her nipple, around the areola, making sure I was watching her.
"Don't slow down," Milly warned me, noticing I had started to get more than a little distracted.
I gripped tighter onto Katie and began to fuck her from behind as hard as I could.
"AWH Fuck!"
I was balls deep inside now.
With a couple more minutes of thrusting, I was feeling my cock hit its breaking point. It didn't matter that I had just cum earlier, I was just so horny with everything going on.
My eyes and mind were losing themselves.
Milly's wet breasts.... Katie's big wet booty, my body slapping into it... the hot steamy shower... so much nudity... so much tension on my cock...
"I'm gonna... I'm gonna..."
I was grunting in between my words, losing my breath.
"Cum," I finally managed to squeak out as I pulled myself out of her and began to spray my load.
Katie stayed pressed up against the wall, panting as I came on her ass. It certainly wasn't as much as the load I let out last night or the amount that I unloaded just earlier by the pool.
She pulled a strand of dark hair away from her forehead as she looked back at me, my chest still pounding.
Besides us, Milly was smirking at us both. I noticed the blonde girl winking at me when we both made eye contact for a second. She reached out and gave my depleted shaft one last tug, to make sure I had completely emptied myself.
Turning off the hot water, she slid her wet body in between us heading for the shower door, "Didn't this just open up a world of possibilities."
To be continued...