A trip to the pictures.
"We start for home tomorrow so tonight is our last night. Shall we go to the pictures?" suggested my husband.
The pictures, the cinema, the flicks! That just shows how long we go back.
We literally walked into nudism about three years ago. We were camping in Brittany on the coast. We'd spent a few days on the beach. The sun was shining but there was a bit of a breeze. We decided to go for a walk and take a picnic lunch. After walking into the local village for some fresh fruit and armed with a local map and our compass we headed out across the fields and pathways. As lunchtime approached we took stock of our surroundings and looked on the map for somewhere to picnic. The beach looked to be about half a mile away so off we set.
We expected to see an empty beach when we crested the dune but to our great surprise it was very busy. It was even more of a surprising to see that the vast majority of the people were naked! My husband looked at me as if asking what I thought. Should we go onto the beach or elsewhere? I shrugged my shoulders. I'd normally go topless on the beach anyway.
Some twenty years ago, in my mid forties, I'd thought that I was too old to wear bikinis any more so purchased a one piece. I had modelled it for my husband that evening and took it back to M&S the following morning. One piece swimsuits were NOT acceptable! I wasn't that bothered by going topless now despite wearing walking boots and shorts. I led the way down the path to the beach.
The first thing to come off were my boots and socks swiftly followed by my T shirt and bra then I laid back and looked at the scene before me. No families, no kids, nobody that wasn't an adult. That's how we liked it and why we always took our breaks in school term periods. Those adults were doing all the normal things that get done on a beach in the sunshine. Throwing a Frisbee at each other. Playing petanque on the hard sand of the shoreline. Standing around talking. Laying around talking. Even having a kiss and a cuddle. Either side of the nudist beach was a totally empty section of beach that extended at least one hundred yards. A perfectly normal beach scene, except for the almost total lack of clothing. I felt comfortable but overdressed.
Our day sacs have reasonable sized ground sheets built into the bottom compartment and while I was getting my boots and top off my husband was getting his groundsheet sorted. Once done he had his boots, socks and T shirt off in no time. Laying on the groundsheet he lifted his bum and, to my utter astonishment, he removed his shorts and pants! He looked me directly in the eye.
"See anybody we know?" he asked, "coz I don't."
I had to admit I didn't.
"So, are people going to look at us more if we have our clothes on or off?"
Even I couldn't argue with that logic. I got my own groundsheet spread, laid down lifted my bum and slid my shorts and knickers down and off. It felt wonderful. We spent the remainder of the day on that beach and returned every day until the end of our holiday. From then onwards we looked for campsites close to nudist beaches. Being naked as often as possible has made a big difference to our private sex life. Our holidays quickly became a sex fest'. We went to bed early, got up late and generally fucked like we used to in our youth. The new toys always travelled with us but our experimentation and pleasure never extended to including anybody else. Just the two of us.
Late in the season, while we were doing a sweep of the Mediterranean coast we discovered a small beach town with loads of campsites to choose from and the perfect nudist beach within easy walking distance from all of them. We explored, checking out each of the camp sites, facilities and beach access. Again the nudist beach was separated by more than one hundred yards and a little promontory of heathland jutting out onto the beach. Once on that beach it was entirely adults. Not a child in sight! Perfection. We were only able to stay a couple of days but we knew we would return ASAP.
In May last year we camped as close to the nudist beach as we could. A reasonable three hundred yards. Those of you that know the area will also know that there is one section further on that beach is always jam packed. In May we walked the full kilometre of the nudist beach. At the far end is the harbour wall. The nudist village harbour! There wasn't many people about as it was a bit windy and overcast. In the afternoon we again walked the entire beach. What a transformation. The far section was again packed. We walked passed and discovered that the 150 metres of packed beach had more people on it than the rest of the beach all together. Every single person on the whole beach was a fully grown adult!
On the return trip we discovered why it was so busy.
"That girl's sucking cock!" announced my husband pointing a little way ahead of us.
"She's having her pussy licked, by another woman!" I exclaimed pointing just to our left.
"Nope, she's having her cunt eaten!" corrected my husband.
We stopped walking and just stood there looking. Quite blatant voyeurs. I was most certainly turned on and my husband didn't take long to notice.
"Your nips are like hard buttons." he observed. "Your eyes are bright with excitement. You're enjoying this aren't you?"
I nodded silently, my eyes still scanning the beach for more sexy activity. I'd never, ever, seen anybody else having any form of sex before. Never seen a porn film. Not even photos of people having sex. Now, if I looked hard enough I could watch everything going on, live, before my very eyes.
I felt my husband's hand on my hip. It moved down to my thigh. I waited, willing him to slide a finger into me. I wanted to enjoy sex on the beach, in front of everybody that cared to be looking my way. He moved his fingers across to my cunt. Yes, that's the point in time where my pussy became my cunt. The centre of my sex. Where hand, mouth and cock went to give me incredible pleasure.
Two fingers worked their way easily into my sopping wet hole. I sighed with utmost joy and widened my stance. I stood, with the cool sea lapping around my ankles, looking up the beach while my husband tenderly finger fucked me to a powerful orgasm. It was so intense that when I came I had to hold onto him tightly just to stop myself collapsing into the sea.
The following afternoon we returned to the crowded beach. We watched others enjoying sexy fun. My husband sucked my tits and finger-fucked me. I tossed him off. People watched as I had watched others and I loved it. Within a few days I was sucking him off and he was eating my cunt. It was a simple, natural progression that followed, I'd sucked him hard then started to move up his body until his cock was in position to slip into my dripping, engorged cunt. Holding his cock in the correct position I worked my body down a little and his rampant cock into my cunt. I fucked him. There is no other way to describe it. I was fucking my husband on a crowded beach! Lots were watching and I was loving every second.
In the late afternoon, every day for the rest of that holiday, I took my husband to the crowded beach for a few hours. We watched people having sexy fun and people watched us having sexy fun. Some got quite close but never too close. Nobody else was involved, just my husband and me nor was it ever a quick process. We stopped quite often and rested while we looked about and watched others. Our audience would drift away. When we started again the audience would slowly return, which I absolutely loved. I always finished with his limp cock slipping out of my well fucked cunt as I lay on top of him. I remained on top of him while his spunk dribbled out and dripped back onto his cock.
We returned in September but this time we stayed in a site with direct access to the crowded part of the beach. We again spent every late afternoon on the crowded beach, which is where we came in.
"I'll take that as a 'yes' then?" he asked with a smile as I shuddered with a mix of instant excitement and a small, very small amount of trepidation.
We both knew full well what a night in the cinema actually entailed for a woman. The sign on the door made it very clear that 'Non!' meant 'Non!' and the entrance fee was three times more for a single man than a couple. Unaccompanied women were free! A woman going to the cinema wasn't going to watch the entertainment - she was going to BE the entertainment!
I didn't ask if he was certain that was what he wanted. I didn't want to give him the chance to change his mind.
"I haven't got a thing to wear!" I told him with a enormous grin.
We went into the village where he brought me a skirt, well a thin belt with a few tassels dangling down. None being long enough to even reach my cunt much less cover it. A stringy waist coat that came nowhere near meeting at the front finished off the ensemble. I was wearing two items of clothing. Everything I had to offer was clearly displayed and I loved it!
We set off for the cinema just before 11pm. Straight after he had lubed my cunt, first with his fingers then by smothering his bell end with a copious amount of lube and fucking me doggy for a couple of minutes. Needless to say I didn't want him to stop before I came but he was having none of it. He left me gagging for completion deliberately and we both knew it.
I was wearing my new outfit. My husband was wearing his sarong and a very contented smile. He carried a light shoulder bag containing our money for the night, a large hand full of condoms and a bottle of lube. Packing that bag had been very confirming. In effect it was his statement of permission to fuck. I'd put in a couple of condoms saying 'just in case'. He'd laughed, picked up a handful and thrown them in on top then added the lube.
"Just in case is not an option," he'd stated. "I'm not paying out good money just to watch a film of some woman getting fucked. I'm paying out good money to watch you getting fucked!"
My stomach did a quick exultant flip, trepidation fled out of the window, never to be seen again and I locked 'Non' in the boot of the car and threw away the key. I kissed my husband, reached down for his cock and was delighted to find it was no longer as flaccid as it had been when he had tied on his sarong.
As we walked towards the village I saw a couple a little way ahead of us. The woman was wearing a red belt about 4" wide and red high heels. Her companion was in a jacket and trousers. A single man was following them at a discrete distance.
"I was talking to her this morning down by the showers," I told my husband, "She looked as if she didn't have a sexy bone in her body."
My husband snorted, "Just like you then. What goes on holiday, stays on holiday."
I hugged his arm tight into my near naked body. "Yes! Absolutely! Thank you." I told him with enthusiasm mixed with total sin-cerity.
In the gloom of the cinema I could make out three distinct areas where there were groups of standing men. So I was not the only woman in that night. My husband steered me to the middle of an empty row. I sat down and looked up at the screen. A woman was laying on her back, on a short table. She was being fucked at both ends and stroking another cock, which set the scene for the night quite clearly. My cunt flooded in anticipation. We sat, blindly staring at the screen as the woman entertained various cocks in different ways. It wasn't half as exciting as seeing the real thing, live, right in front of you.
"Bon soir. Parlez vous Anglais?" said a voice on my right.
I turned to see a tall, slim, middle aged man standing right beside me. He'd walked along the row without me even noticing him. Maybe I was watching the porn more intently than I'd realised.
"Good evening. Yes," I replied, "We only speak English, I'm afraid."
"As do I," he said apologetically, "may I join you?"
'No' remained firmly locked in the boot along with 'Non'. Rob introduced himself, shook my husband's hand and sat beside me. His right hand rested quite naturally on my right leg, a little above my knee. I made no attempt to stop him but turned slightly towards him. My husband's hand on my left knee ensured that my thighs got no closer together. I made an attempt at polite conversation but fingers tracing little circles and straight lines of lust and desire up and down the inside of my thigh made it almost impossible to think straight. I parted my thighs further hoping to encourage his fingers higher then rested my head back, closed my eyes and enjoyed the delight of a stranger working his fingers seductively up my leg towards my welcoming cunt.
A finger brushed against the swollen lips. I sighed heavily. It did it again and again I sighed with anticipation. The third time I opened my eyes. Rob was looking directly at me. His finger brushed tentatively again but his eyes asked the question I had missed. 'OK?'
"Please," I begged softly and sighed again as his finger started to probe between the soft, lubricated folds.
He explored my cunt, gently, delicately. He was searching, searching for my button. When he found it, he pressed and held it pressed until I begged him to stop.
"What does his cock feel like?" whispered my husband.
I reached down and explored. Trousers! I struggled to get inside them while Rob did nothing to help. In fact he hindered me by steadily finger fucking me to shudder after shudder. I didn't complain and by the time I had his cock fully accessible it was nice and firm. I let out a grunt of satisfaction.
"Suck or fuck?" came the familiar question from the familiar voice.
"Both?"
"Enjoy!"
I started to massage Rob's cock while he finger-fucked my cunt. After I'd recovered from my third orgasm I worked my way down to the floor and took Rob's cock into my mouth. He leaned back and rested his hands gently on my head. My husband told me to kneel higher and moments later a cock eased into my cunt. There was no rubber on it. My husband was fucking me while I sucked another man's cock. Spit roasted for the first time! Perfect!
Rob was soon close to shooting his load. I eased off. I had no problem taking his spunk into my mouth, none at all but I really wanted to feel a new cock in my cunt, fucking me. I took my mouth from his throbbing tool and looked up at him.
"Fuck me! Swap places with my husband." I told him.
Rob looked a little disappointed as soon as I took my mouth from his cock but his smile returned as soon as I offered my cunt to his cock.
My husband and I had agreed that nobody but himself would fuck me bareback and if I wanted another cock I would hold out my hand for a condom. I put my hand back behind me. Feeling the little packet pressed into my hand I tore it open and rolled it onto Rob's cock. I kissed the encased cock head and turned around to face my husband.
As I felt Rob's covered cock push into my eager cunt I took my husband's bare cock into my mouth. I wasn't going to blow my husband, that pleasure was for later but I did want Rob to spunk while in my cunt. I wasn't really happy with the fact that I'd not actually feel his seed coating my cunt walls but I'd no idea who or how many other cunts he'd fucked. Neither my husband or I were prepared to take the risk of unprotected sex with a total stranger. My first, officially sanctioned, extra marital cock fucked me beautifully rubber or no rubber and knowing that my husband was not only present but also taking part made my first, new cock induced, orgasm totally mind blowing.
I've no idea how many cocks I had that night. Every cock that fucked me had a rubber on but those in my mouth and wanking over my body didn't. When the last cock spunked just outside my mouth covering my chin with spunk and making it drip down onto my tits, my husband told me it was time to go. We'd used all the rubbers. My cunt was off limits to all except him.
When we left the cinema I was naked and covered in spunk. I'd behaved like a slut. I looked like a slut. I felt like a slut. And I didn't give a damn! I was on holiday. What goes on holiday stays on holiday and by lunchtime we'd be on our way home. I'd never see them again!
Unless they are here when we return next year! ;-)