Jacob Barnett having come home from hunting made a sandwich on his own, never wanting their butler Highbone to have to do too much at his age. For every bit of perversion the Barnett boys had there were some semblances of dignity. Respect of their elders was instilled in them since day one. Having built his turkey club he walked through Longhorn Manor until seeing a light on in his Father's office. Knowing it was his brother Matty he ventured in to have a parlay.
"What's going on Brother?"
"Finishing touches on the programming of Operation : Scarriet Harriet. I have Maria's room so tricked out she's going to piss all over herself and never want to sleep alone again. You want first dibs when she screams and wants to sleep with one of us?"
"I'll pass. I'm worn out from butchering boars. Not feeling the whole pimp the kid out right now."
"Tyson and Wiley just got back from taking her horseback riding. She's pretty red from the sun. We sent her to bed after hydrating her good. Princess Maria is sound asleep right now." He turns his monitor around to let Jacob see Maria laying nude atop her sheets snoring away. "I had her room set up before today but only in small doses. I can turn her TV on from here anytime to freak her out, which I did last night. She was spooked but figured out the TV remote and shut it off. Took her awhile though, from what I understand Esperanza didn't even allow her to have TV access. Crazy, but effective if you don't want her being exposed to man's world. Anyways, now I can top that TV with actual holograms. I took old photos of Aunt Harriet and turned them into actual floating ghosts. I'm going to wake her up here soon and introduce them."
"Twisted man for an FBI Agent, Matty."
"I know. I only do what needs to be done. You know I'm not a bad person in the long run."
"Come on Brother, we're all guilty of somethin'. Us Barnett's are crooked as they come. Blame Pop."
"What can I say, I like mischief."
"You have fun I'm gonna go catch some shut eye."
"Turkey Club sounds good. Might have to keep Harriet in the afterlife awhile longer."
"You do that Egon." Jacob referred to a classic Ghostbuster.
"I think I will Vinkman. Yeah I recall that I ain't afraid of no ghosts song. Now I'll be singing that shit in my sleep."
"Well Boohoo."
"OH! That reminds me, Maria has a new nickname now. Call her Boo Cocky."
"Bukkake?"
"Boo as in ghost. Cocky as in well cocky. She got a lil' cocky out at the stables I hear, in a good way. Clint and his crew bukkaked all over her and she loved it. She really believes she's helping us battle the white devil. I don't know about you Jacob, but I'm laughing my ass off. Makes me wanna trick out the stall she was in for the next visit out there. I missed it this round."
"Hell, you'll have the linen closet with a camera in it by morning."
"Won't go that far but if it had a good show I might." He smirks, "Night Big Brother."
"Night next in line Little Brother." Jacob took his leave.
Settling back in his leather desk chair Matty Barnett folded his hands over his belly. Consumed by watching his new baby sister sleeping so preciously he zoomed the well disguised cameras all around her to explore her body. Priming in on her butt he caught a sweet glimpse of her butt pucker through the shadows. Infrared needed there it was, even better. "Damn! I'm thinkin' I'll call dibs on that cute lil' button come time to teach her anal. I haven't really had any action yet trying to get everything set in motion. Yup! Mine all mine." He went so far as to text all of his brothers his final decision on that. Lining up through text their dibs were sent back. Wiley called sloppy seconds. Owen called second but settled for third. Tyson just said he would runner up when the time suited him. Jacob sent an emoji flipping Matty off, it didn't matter to him. Matty had a good chuckle. "Turkey Club." He gave up the haunting until his belly stopped rattling chains.
Upstairs in Maria's room she suddenly woke up realizing she needed to go potty. Crisp in her faint redness of sunburn she whimpered and crawled from bed to urinate. Half asleep she shuffled teetering in step and found the toilet, sitting in darkness. She didn't want to be blinded by the bright light. Tinkling with her eyelids closed at least her bladder felt relief.
Returning with his sandwich and a tall glass of iced tea Matty noticed her missing from her bed. A full spectrum grid of every camera in her room he located her sitting on the toilet. "Perfect! Let's get this CLAMityville started." Chuckling he activated her television on its own like he had yesterday. Hearing static in her bedroom Maria whipped her lashes wide to see the glare of snow pelting the darkness of her room. He noted her reaction as simply being puzzled. It was time to ramp up his game.
Having had hours to set up her room with an assist of a few special effects guys he hired Matty had at his evil little fingertips the perfect haunting planned. Firstly, she shocked her by turning the bathroom light on without her even flipping the switch. Pausing to adjust to the bright light she whimpered as to how that just occurred. As she wiped and stood up to wash her hands he fogged over her mirror so that when she looked at herself she found nothing but a blurry surface. Jaw dropping at the sudden atmospheric chill in the air around her she noted the fog begin to etch a word in the steamed over mirror. Stepping back with wet fingers covering her mouth she waited until a single word revealed itself.
"Child?" She read the mirror. "I am not a child." She told it verbally as if fighting back, "I AM a woman. Go away Harriet." Matty found her valiant attitude cute, even when she stomped her foot on the rug in front of the sink. Watching the steam write another word off to the left Maria whimpered with building fright. The new word written was "Baby." Harriet seemed to be taunting her. "I AM NOT A BABY. LEAVE ME ALONE." She turned from the mirror, hit the light switch, and went back into her bedroom.
Locating the TV remote she shut the annoying static off, only to have the TV come back on the second she sat the remote down. Twice more she turned it off until she showed a tenseness for it's defiance. If she could find an electrical cord she might unplug it, but in the Barnett home every outlet was hidden in the walls. Looking for something to drape over the screen she found a towel in the bathroom. On the mirror was now the word "Boo." Halting she ponders, "Harriet knows my nickname?" So naïve. Using the towel to erase the steam as best she could she left it behind to attempt cloaking the TV screen. While walking up to it a snowy picture appeared on it. Wincing to understand it she found the visage of a beautiful woman smiling at her. A very faint audio whisper spoke, "Do not be afraid child." Oh, Maria was.
"Quit calling me a child." She pouted talking to the Television. If she knew the truth that it was Matty doing the talking using a woman's voice disguised as his own, she would still not understand. Matthew Barnett was a slick one.
"You are a child." He/ She said.
"I will be a woman soon. My brothers are showing me how."
"Yes. Obey your brothers."
"I am."
"They adore you."
"I adore them." Maria found the boldness to stand there talking to Harriet's presence. Fidgeting in thought Maria heard the sounds of buzzing bees all around her. She seemed more frightened of the buzzing than of Harriet talking to her.
"Destroy your clothing. Never wear another dress."
"I swore them off already."
"To be a woman your flesh must attract men."
"You're wearing a dress. I can see it." Maria looks closer.
"I wear only what I died in Child. I can only hide my dress when appearing before someone."
"You're appearing in front of me now, I see a dress still."
"You must invite me in."
"I...don't want to. You...scare me."
"Have no fear."
"You knock things over in my room.' Maria pouts, "You must not want me here."
"I do that to get you to notice me. You are most welcome in my home."
"Your home?"
"I lived here long before your stepfather did. His father was my brother." Harriet's whispers barely made out.
"Oh! So why do I need to invite you in if you're already here?"
"It is the rules of the afterlife I'm afraid. I may appear fully if invited in."
"To hurt me?"
"Hardly Child. To help you become a woman."
"You want to help me be a woman?" She spoke so innocently.
"Yes Child."
"I really wish you would stop calling me child and baby."
"Yet you are my sweet one."
"I'm eighteen."
"With the mentality of a fifteen year old. Please let me help you."
"My brothers can do that."
"I will let you sleep Child. I will visit again. I must warn you, others might visit. The men of this house tend to search for missing love."
"More ghosts?"
"Yes Child."
"Nooooooo! Keep them away." She looked frantically all around her beneath folded arms for safety.
"I cannot disobey them. A woman can never tell a male no."
"We can't?"
"Never. To disobey means to be punished."
"Punished how?"
"Locked in your room until you make up for your insolence."
"What is insolence?"
"The error of your defiance Child. Just know if this happens I will be here for you."
"I won't ever say no."
"We all do Child. You will learn to hold your tongue when not in use."
"What do you mean?"
"You like being licked?"
"Very much."
"Men do as well. You must learn to lick them without their telling you too, as much as when they want it."
"I will. Everywhere?"
"Everywhere."
"Even their...butt hole?"
"Men adore that. Yes Dear."
"Yucky, but okay. I will."
"You will make a lovely woman in the months to come."
"I know I will."
"Rest Child. I will return soon."
"As long as you're nice."
"Be careful of the other ghosts. They are not as friendly as I."
"I'll run and hide."
Harriet's image fades and the TV shuts off on it's own. Nerves calming she returns to her bed and covers up. Holding her sheet to her nose, only her eyes kept watch. She really hoped the others did not come. Ten minutes later she fell asleep as if nothing had ever happened. As if Matthew was going to let her rest.
Sipping his tea Matthew's brother Owen popped his head into the office. "I do get seconds on her ass right?"
"You were the second to text back. Take it up with Wiley." Matty motions him in pointing to the monitor on his fathers desk. Owen stepping next to his older brother leaned on one hand to watch Maria sleeping. "I just set things in motion. She talked to Harriet on the TV. Kid might be naïve but she's ballsy. Even shaking like a leaf she didn't run away."
"How in the hell did you trick her bedroom out so fast?"
"Had the guys at Climax Studios in Dallas on speed dial. Money talks Bro."
"How did you do Harriet?"
"Holograms coming up. I used old photos of Harriet but superimposed them over a pornstars body. Used a ton of porn footage from our archives. Maria will never know differently. I've been working on this shit all night. It's ready to test. If it fails I'll just tell Maria she must've been called away. I speak for Harriet, but Maria hears a woman's voice. So far that's been perfect."
"Show me Harriet while Maria's knocked out."
"Just to be safe let me cast her hologram in the bathroom out of sight. I have it set up that Harriet can only appear full body if invited in. I also took some male pornstars and created holograms of them to have show up when Maria least expects them too."
"Does she need to invite them in too?"
"Easy peezy! A man can do what he wants, a woman needs permission."
"Nice! Show me."
Matty activates the bathroom cameras to create full body actors of Harriet and three male actors, all nude. With no voice activation Owen watches Harriet's vision getting fucked from behind. Both Barnett's had a good laugh and a fond fist bump.
"I say we wake Maria up by pulling her covers off of her."
"Didn't that happen in some horror movie?"
"As if she's seen a movie ever. Dude! She's never watched Bambi."
"True. Okay, pulling the blankets."
Typing commands in her covers are silently clamped by strong yet tiny pinchers beneath her bed until they ever so slowly drag over her gorgeous body until she lay nude, the blankets now on the floor crumpled up. They could tell the tickle of her covers retreat was felt over her flesh but it took her awhile to realize they were missing, sitting up slowly in awe. Uncertain how they ended up there she started to get out of bed when the buzzing noise in her room raised volume startling her. Grabbing her pillow in front of her for protection she sat trembling. Bed posts set up with lift mechanisms teetered her bed unevenly. She squealed and nearly pissed herself.
"Why are you doing this Harriet?"
Without warning four male holograms stood around her bed, stolen from a gangbang video. Each ghost was jerking off. She finally did stain her fitted sheet. Fearing leaving her bed with one man on each side, two at the foot she cringed curling up into a ball.
"I did not invite you." She whimpered.
"Men do not need invited. Who are you in Harriet's bed?" Matty switched his voice box doctored to sound like another man, with a deep disgruntled voice.
"M-Maria."
"You are beautiful Maria. We will visit you often." Another sounds off to her right.
"Don't hurt me."
"We do whatever we want." His voice teeters her bed into vibrating beneath her. She took it as if she were agitating them.
"Please stop shaking my bed."
"Play with yourself." Owen utilized his voice as Matty grinned.
"I only know what Tyson taught me."
"DO IT!" Owen bellowed as Matty made the hologram show anger.
Immediately Maria sat her pillow behind her and laid back how Tyson showed her and began massaging her clit. The sensations consumed her even as her eyes darted from illusion to illusion. They seemed so real. Thoughts on the stable boys crept over her, they too stood around her earlier in the day doing as the ghosts were. She didn't even notice when a hologram looped back to repeating their actions. Scared she fingers her pussy as deep as her virginity allowed. In her new experiences that was enough for now.
"Look at that sexy cunt." Matty spoke through a ghost at the foot of her bed.
Owen adding, "I want to ram my cock in that pussy and make her scream." She squirmed fearing the possibility. She had no idea how ghosts could achieve such things. Of course they couldn't, but she didn't know that. Fearing this she nearly said, "No." Only Harriet's advice to never say no to a man prevented her from uttering her denial.
"HARRIAT I INVITE YOU IN." She yelled in a panic.
"Here goes." Matty told Owen laughing without casting a voice to any of the ghosts.
"Hey!" Owen stopped Matty a moment, "Put Harriet in bed with her. Have her show Maria how to masturbate together."
"Oooo! That's good." A new set of linked commands has Harriet's body appear out of thin air. Having Harriet make her rounds touching each ghost figure was perfect. She in a sense was showing Maria how to get a man to want her. Scenes directly out of the porno Matthew had doctored up to appear as holograms worked like a charm. As Maria discovered Harriet without her dress she grew stressed. Having her show up such as this was not what she imagined. Her first appearance before she envisioned her in a dress. How wrong she was. Harriet did warn her she just let it slip her mind in her confusion.
Taking careful precision in the encounters between illusions, Matty guided the ghost male that Harriet was taunting into picking Harriet up and fucking her standing, her legs wagging about. In her panic Maria decided to scoot up to her headboard and hold her pillow rather than touch herself. The ghosts all seemed to be more interested in Harriet. Maybe she should try making her escape.
Easing out of bed ever so slowly, fearing a male ghost jerking off might try and touch her in some strange way she left the bed and tiptoed around him. The ghost seemed to be devoted to Harriet, as were the pornstars in the true porn they were copied from. Once behind the ghosts at the foot of her bed she raced to her bedroom door and attempted to open it. It was locked. "Please open up." She battled and tugged at the doorknob to no avail.
"RETURN TO YOUR BED." A deafening male voice thundered through the room. Looking back at her bed she noticed Harriet and her lover laying down on her mattress making love. Trembling heavily Maria tried to stay away when a holographic head of a large black man phased through her door scaring the shit out of her. "I SAID IN YOUR BED BITCH."
She screamed and darted frantically to her mattress diving in next to Harriet and the male sex partner. "OBSERVE THE SLUT. WATCH HOW SHE PLEASES HER MAN." The black male parades the rest of the way through the solid oak door. She now had five naked male spirits in her room. Peeing without the ability to control herself Maria watched Harriet's hands and feet rubbing along her lovers body. Terrified of the ghosts she did as told hoping they would not hurt her.
Finally, sitting up on her knees she scoots around her bed avoiding the jerking off ghosts surrounding her. Toward the foot she could witness Harriet's vivid penetration. "This must be wet humping." She pondered, fascinated by the rough pounding Harriet was enduring. Her vocal moans a mimic of the pornstars own perfected acting, as were the grunts and spoken words of her male co-stars. The porn recreation was working amazingly well. Maria having never seen a porn in her life became mesmerized.
"Bro? You're a fucking genius." Owen patted Matty on the back.
"Maria's hooked. Look at her, she's not even acting spooked anymore."
"You know she's going to get attached to Harriet."
"I'll send Harriet away someday. We'll use her in training Maria until her usefulness is no longer needed."
"Hell I might let you trick out my bedroom just so Harriet can visit me." Owen laughed.
"You do realize my voice is hers, I'm never going to whisper sweet nothings through Harriet. Least of all to you."
"Fuck! I never thought of that. Dammit! Sounded good until you ruined it."
"Just buy a hooker."
"Why? We're Barnett's. All we have to do is go clubbing and we'd get ten bitches before last call."
"Being rich has it's perks." Matty agreed.
"That big black buck you had scare her away from the door was awesome. Have him get Maria playing too." Owen advised hopeful of a fun response.
"I'll get her back to masturbating."
"How about having the black guy lay on the bed and act as if he's eating Maria out? She wouldn't feel it but she could see him trying."
"Not sure I can arrange that. The programming feeds on the porn actions up close to one another or standing up jerking off."
"Awww man! It would so freak her if a ghost went after her."
"Let me try something. If it doesn't work I'll have Tyrone there act as if he can't go near her, like he's blocked by an unseen force."
"Cock blocked by God?"
"Fair enough assessment. Here! Use the mic and act like the black guy giving orders."
Matthew began tinkering with options on his control panel keyboard. Owen to his side took the microphone and growled, "SPREAD YOUR FINE ASS LEGS." Maria responded with a scared wince and held her legs wide, her pussy in full view. "MAYBE I SHOULD LICK THAT JUICY LITTLE CUNT." He almost laughed but held his hand over his mouth to avoid cluing Maria in that something wasn't right. Matty found a scene from another porn the black actor had been in and adopted visuals of him eating a girl out. There was no climbing into bed the ghost male just faded out in standing, and reappeared between Maria's legs. Maria tensed up and watched an intangible tongue lap over her pussy. Seeing it but not feeling it made her pout. She loved being licked. "Mmmm! TASTES LIKE CHICKEN." Owen had to adlib, Matty looking up at him with a sneer mouthing the term, "Racist much?" Owen shrugged taking his finger off the mic button.
"It sounded good, not what I was aiming for. You know I'm not racist."
"Uh huh! I remember that cute black girl Cherish you brought home. You could have shared her with me."
"I'll bring her back, I still train her at the fitness center."
"Let's worry more about training Maria for Dad." Matty frowned, "But, yeah bring that hot chocolate back for me."
"Now who sounds racist?"
"I think it's a compliment. I'll just jizz some marshmallows on her cup size."
"You're as twisted as I am Bro."
"Probably more so. Let's finish this, I'm getting sleepy."
While they bantered Maria took it upon herself to use her fingers as Tyson had shown her earlier in the day. Her only stimulations combined by the visual of the black man eating her she realized none of them could touch her. With her opposite hands pinky she delicately jabbed the ribs of the man fucking Harriet on a loop noting her finger passing through him without reaction. Concluding they could not actually harm her she kicked her legs through the black man's body, also passing through without his getting upset. Smiling strangely she chose to keep playing with herself.
Joining Harriet's verbal essay of, "FUCK ME! RIGHT THERE! YES! GOD YES!" over and over Maria giggled and added her own words, "LICK ME! LICK ME!" stealing verses heard of "RIGHT THERE! YES! GOD YES!" She was so very near cumming she grew lost in herself. Who knew ghosts could be so entertaining to a young girl. Fear was a fleeting emotion at this point. Matty knew he needed to make her afraid again.
"She's giggling. Can you believe that shit?" Owen winced in shock.
"Kid adapts to her surroundings quick. You just noticing that?"
"Yeah, but around ghosts? I'd be shitting my pants if something like that happened to me."
"You just wanted me to trick out your room with holograms."
"You know what I mean dickhead. If I saw true ghosts and didn't know differently."
"THAR SHE BLOWS!" They observed Maria lightly squirting, the kid was getting good at that considering her virginity was still intact. Impressive was not even the best word to describe her talents. Not many true virgins were capable of bringing themselves that deeply into orgasm. The excitement in her behavior at achieving it on her own was vivid, kicking her legs about expressing her delight of success.
"Daaaamn!" Owen sighed, "I want that pussy."
"Patience. I'm switching things up, so don't accidently talk into the mic." Matty's fingers blurred command keys masterfully until the illusions moved into doggy style mode, Harriet now being taken from behind while another male ghost lay under her, her face hanging low over his lap. Jumping slightly at the sudden change Maria sat up again hugging her pillow, curiously watching Harriet sucking the man's dick. She was in awe of Harriet's synched moaning and gag reflex. Matty had it down perfectly timed to her porn, including the male responses. Harriet seemed so into it Maria thought. Was this how she should act?
Utilizing the still towering men Matty took the mic from Owen and spoke into it, "That's a real woman." Hearing him Maria looked around for the ghost who spoke up.
"A real woman should act like that?" She asked.
"Fuck yes. The sluttier the better. Just look at how much she likes sucking that cock." Maria wasn't really paying attention to the speaker which was good in Matty's favor, the lips were hardly moving. She chose to ease to her knees and explore Harriet's technique, noticing her hand squeezing the man's balls, her other hand gripping his cock even with her mouth moving up and down deeply. Escaping only long enough to lick his foreskin and flick the tip of his monster cock before diving down again. The man was loving it.
"He likes what she is doing." Maria mumbles in awe, "A lot!"
"A woman's job is to make a man that happy at all times. Take notes little girl, this is why we're here. We used to fuck Harriet in this very bed when we were all alive...back in the day. Every day she made us very happy gentlemen."
Pouting slightly Maria stretches out again to play, she felt like it was time to squirt again, her hormones on high. In a brash move Matty made Harriet switch positions to literally lean over Maria's body to feast on the man to her left. Maria saw her ghostly hands go right through her leg, feeling nothing but the shock of the visual. Uneasy Maria's playtime slipped away, the body crossing freaked her out. Curling up to escape Harriet's crossover, Matty ignited the bed hydraulics making it dance about like a lowriders suspension. Other items in the room began to shake, pictures on the wall becoming uneven. Chandelier light fixtures clinking. It was time for the show to finalize an ending. Men cum hard on or in Harriet. She screamed at the top of banshee lungs so piercing that Maria herself shrieked holding her ears. Riding the storm out Maria sealed her eyes until the bed settled down. Once things grew silent she allowed one eyelid to open, discovering she was all alone.
"The ghosts are gone." She mumbled, and crawled from bed holding her chest behind folded arms, rubbing the flesh of her upper arms against a rash of goosebumps. Shuffling to her bedroom door she tries the knob once again and this time it opens with very little effort. Tempted to run out and seek comfort in her brothers she heard something behind her. The TV was back on and snowy. Curiosity drifted her back to view the television screen.
"Learn child. Learn from us all." Harriet spoke. "Obey your brothers. A woman you will be."
"T-thank you Aunt Harriet."
"After that beautiful evening...I must rest. Fear not, I will protect you." Harriet's voice trailed away and the TV went black.
"Protect me against what? Evil ghosts?" She shivered whining. Now it became evident that Maria's fear was returning. In just that moment her room became cold, pumped in air made her chill. A deafening wail of multiple women crying out in pleasure and pain surrounded her from tiny speakers well hidden. Flickering images of dozens of men and women filled her room, even at her feet, an orgy in progress. Matthew and Owen chuckled in their Father's office. She screamed at the mass amount of ghosts and darted for her door, racing into the hallway. Literally leaving a trail of trickling piss on the tile floor she slipped but was caught by an unexpected hand.
"What's gotten into you?"
"Jacob?" She stormed his waist holding him tight. "So many ghosts."
Rolling his eyes the eldest Barnett scowled at an obvious camera. Matty blinked the penlight on it's surface to acknowledge his watch. As usual Jacob flipped his brother the bird. So much for his early to bed, but fortunate for his early to rise. Just having her hug him his dick grew bigger.
"Can I sleep in your room?" She pouted, her chin directly over his abs looking up with puppy dog eyes. So much for counting boars in his sleep.
"I suppose. My rules though. You obey or go back to your room."
"I will. I swear."
"Follow me."
The bears den was the place to be.