My wife Dina and I have been together for over 30 years and I still think she's the sexiest woman I've ever met. For years, one of my favorite fantasies was to see her with another man and to have her experience having sex with me and another man at the same time.
It took me awhile to share my fantasy with her because I wasn't sure how she'd react. When I did finally tell her, she had a lot of questions as to why I'd want that. But over time, she started warming up to the idea and eventually wanted it as much as I did. Because of this, we decided to enter the LS a few years ago.
When we first began, she had some bi-curiosity and I wanted to experience another woman, so we looked for other couples. However, we soon discovered that finding a situation where four people are attracted to each other can be a complicated and difficult process. So we decided to focus on our mutually-shared fantasy of a MFM threesome instead. Of course, this was a much easier thing to do as there are always men who are ready, willing and able to fuck another man's wife.
After a thorough vetting process, we were able to find a man she found attractive and whom we felt we could trust.
Over the course of a year, we had a few threesomes during which Dina got the chance to try a lot of the fantasies she'd had about being with two men at the same time. Although she thoroughly enjoyed herself, we both felt that there was an element of excitement missing from the experience.
I thought it might have to do with the lengthy vetting process as it took away the mystery and excitement a woman experiences when she meets a man for the first time and doesn't know what might happen next. So one day I suggested that we go to a bar or nightclub where she could get picked up by a man for sex and I could watch from across the room.
In order to alleviate any misgivings she might have, I told her that we could go to a place where there was a greater likelihood of finding a guy who she'd find acceptable. I then suggested a nice resort or hotel where successful professionals (businessmen, doctors, lawyers, etc.) stayed while in town. It took some convincing, but she eventually liked the idea and was willing to give it a try. So we set out to find a place where we could make it happen.
We decided on an expensive resort which was not far from our house. It had a bar/lounge area which was really nice and had a classy vibe. The lounge had floor-to-ceiling windows which overlooked the lake and was very tastefully decorated. There were several different levels separated by a few stairs. The bar was on the top level and the levels got lower as you walked toward the lake. There were carpeted floors, tables with upholstered chairs and nice little private booths. There were no TV's showing various sporting events. Instead it was fairly quiet, with smooth jazz playing in the background.
We made reservations for a Thursday night and arrived late in the afternoon. I planned on dressing in a casual suit and going down to the lounge by myself, ordering a drink and blending in. Once I was there, the plan was for me to wait until there were several men in the lounge, then call Dina so she could come in by herself. I had no idea what she was going to wear because she said that she wanted to surprise me as much as everyone else.
As I was getting dressed to go downstairs, Dina was standing in front of the mirror completely nude while she was putting on her makeup. I could see in the reflection that she had shaved her pussy in anticipation of what might happen that night. The thought of her preparing her pussy for another man made my cock grow hard.
About ten minutes later, I was ready to go. Before I left, I gave her a kiss and told her how beautiful she was and how much I was looking forward to what might happen later. She smiled and told me she was really nervous, but also very excited.
When I got down to the lounge, it wasn't very crowded yet. There were two couples sitting at tables near the front of the bar, three men at another table, and three men sitting by themselves at the bar.
In order to better the odds for Dina, I decided to wait for more men to arrive before I called her. So I ordered a beer and sat down at a small table.
A few minutes later, my cell phone rang. It was Dina who was anxious to know the situation. In case anyone could overhear me, I wanted it to sound like a business call so I said, "Well, I've got six options you might be interested in, but I'm waiting for some others to materialize."
She understood and asked if any of the guys were good looking. I laughed and told her that she'd have to be the judge of that. Still dying to know what she was going to be wearing when she came down, I asked her, "What's your "presentation" going to look like?"
She replied, "Presentation? Oh! You mean what am I wearing? You'll just have to wait and see. I'm sure you'll approve!" She giggled like a schoolgirl, then said "When there are a few more guys there, let me know." We hung up and I drank my beer.
Fifteen minutes or so went by, during which several more men arrived in the lounge. Some sat in groups at tables, a couple of others sat together at the bar, and others sat at the bar by themselves. I phoned Dina and asked her if she was ready to come downstairs. She said yes and we hung up. Ten minutes later, she walked in.
Dina is in her early 50's, but easily passes for mid 40's. She's 5'9" tall, with shoulder-length brown hair and beautiful blue eyes. Her breasts are large, but firm. She has long sexy legs and a very nice little derriere.
The outfit she'd chosen made her lookverysexy, yet classy at the same time. She had on a white silk blouse with a plunging neckline and a sheer white bra which showed every bit of her cleavage. She also wore a short black skirt, which accentuated her gorgeous legs, and sheer black nylons that I knew from experience were thigh-highs. On her feet, she wore a pair of black high heels.
She always turns heads wherever she goes and that night was no exception. As she walked into the lounge, several of the men stopped talking and watched her walk by. One of the guys who was seated with a woman tried to surreptitiously sneak a peek at Dina without the woman knowing and got caught.
Dina decided to sit at the bar and as she mounted one of the stools, her short skirt briefly rode up and showed a bit of her bare thigh above her stockings,. This did not go unnoticed by the men on that side of the bar as I saw several double-takes, raised eyebrows and side glances. It's always both fun and exciting to see men react this way to my wife.
She ordered a Mai Tai and sat looking at the lake while taking a sip every so often. Eventually, she turned on her barstool and nonchalantly looked around. I knew she was checking out the men, and several of them were obviously checking her out too. After a few minutes, she slid off her barstool, asked the bartender to watch her drink and then walked toward the restrooms.
A few seconds later, my phone rang. When I answered she said, "I haven't done this in a long time. I'm really nervous!"
I told her not to worry because I was there and would not let anything happen to her. I also told her to give the Mai Tai a chance to kick in and she would be more relaxed. Then in as low a voice as possible so as not to be overheard, I asked her, "Are your panties getting wet?"
She replied in a very sexy voice, "What panties?"
The thought of her sitting on that elevated bar stool with her short skirt hiked up on her thighs and her bare pussy just a few inches way from being seen by a room full of men was very exciting to me!
I asked her if she'd seen any men she was interested in. She told me that she'd seen a couple of guys who were attractive, but one in particular had caught her eye. I asked her to describe him and when she did, I looked around the room and spotted him sitting alone at a table near the bar.
The guy appeared to be in his 40's and had an athletic body. He had salt and pepper hair, and was neatly dressed in a suit. His tie was loosened and the top button of his shirt was undone. He was texting someone and seemed oblivious to what was going on around him. That is until Dina came back into the room and quite a few of the guys watched her as she walked by, including him. She thanked the bartender, picked up her drink and sat down at a table. The way she positioned herself, no one was going to get a "peek" up her skirt, but she was showing plenty of leg.
After she sat down, I saw her occasionally look at the guy she was interested in. Whenever she looked away, he would sneak glances at her. At one point, they made eye contact and smiled at each other. It was obvious that both of them were interested in each other and I enjoyed watching their flirtation from my vantage point across the room.
When she was done with her drink, she looked at the bartender and motioned to him that she would like another. He nodded and made her another Mai Tai. However, before he could take it to Dina, the man with whom she'd been flirting went to the bar, paid for the drink and delivered it to her. They were too far away for me to hear what was said, but I assumed he'd introduced himself and told her that the drink was on him. She smiled and graciously accepted, then motioned for him to sit down.
As the night progressed, more and more people began to arrive, mostly men, but a few women too. I decided to give up my table for a small group and sat at the end of the bar where I could still see Dina.
Eventually, Dina decided she wanted another drink. The man offered to get her one, but she said she'd get him one instead. The place was very busy and the waitresses were hustling around trying to keep up, so she decided to get the drinks herself.
As she approached the bar, she walked to an open spot near me, glanced over and gave me a secret smile. I could tell she was having a good time and was relaxed and happy.
As she stood there, waiting for her drink, the guy who'd been sitting with her (I later learned his name was Steve) walked up beside her. As luck would have it, they were close enough that I could hear what they were saying.
He said, "I'd still like to buy your drink for you."
Dina replied, "No, that's ok. You paid for the last one."
He said, "No problem. I really don't have to pay for it anyway. My expense account has it covered."
Dina laughed a little and said, "Well then, how can I turn down a free drink? Thank you!"
As the bartender mixed Dina's drink, Steve ordered a martini. He then leaned toward her and said "You are averybeautiful woman. Does your husband know you're here alone?" (she was wearing her wedding ring).
She replied, "Yes, he knows where I am and exactly what I'm doing." She then looked him in the eyes, smiled in a very seductive way and said again with emphasis,"exactly." Steve raised his eyebrows in surprise and smiled.
The bartender delivered their drinks, and Steve paid for them. He then slid his hand around her waist so that it was resting in the small of her back. He asked her if she'd like to go to a booth and she nodded.
She led him to an open booth on the back wall and he sat beside her. She later told me that she'd chosen that booth so that I would be able to watch what happened between them and also see (or at least guess) what their hands were doing under the table, should it get that far.
I stayed on my stool at the end of the bar and watched as she and Steve sat in their booth talking. At one point I saw her lean closer to him so she could hear something he was saying. As she did, she put her hand on his thigh and left it there. I then saw him put his hand on her thigh and start to rub it. I could see by her expression that she enjoyed being touched.
Over the next half hour they engaged in small talk. During this time, their touching got a little bolder. At one point, Steve turned more toward her and leaned in very close to say something. As he did, his hand slid over to the inside of her thigh and I saw her open her legs a bit for him.
It was now after sunset and the inside of the lounge had become darker. So I couldn't clearly see what was going on under her skirt. But from the look on her face, I imagined he'd moved his hand high enough to touch the bare skin above her stocking and perhaps even her pussy. The thought of this made my dick grow hard once again.
When he finished what he was saying, he kept his hand between her legs and they kissed. It was a passionate kiss. But no one except me seemed to notice as the place was now nearly full and people were busy with their own interests.
When the kiss ended, Steve got up and went to the bar to get them a couple more drinks. Apparently, his dick was hard because as he walked to the bar he was trying to discreetly make "adjustments" to hide it. Dina looked at me, then smiled, winked, and giggled a little.
I later learned that some of their conversation had centered on questions he'd had about her earlier comment that her husband knew "exactly" what she was doing. She told him that we had a trusting relationship, and he wanted to know what that meant. She then told him, "My husband knows that I've come here to get picked up by a man who wants to have sex with me and that I might accommodate him. He's fine with it because it turns him on."
After Steve returned to the booth, he became much bolder and more sexual with Dina.
They kissed a few more times, during which I saw her hand go under the table and move toward his crotch. A few seconds later, her arm started moving in a way that I could tell she was stroking his cock.
This went on for several minutes before she said something to him and then got up and headed toward the restrooms. As she walked away, he leaned his head back against the wall, closed his eyes and smiled.
A few minutes later, my phone rang. It was loud in the bar, so I exited the lounge in order to hear our conversation better. I found a deserted part of the hotel lobby and sat in a large, black leather wingback chair which was facing a huge fireplace.
When I answered, I asked her "So, do you like this guy?"
She said yes and told me his name was Steve. She then said, "He's very nice and good looking too!"
I said, "He's been rubbing your leg a lot. Is he turning you on?"
She replied, "Yes. He's making me pretty hot!"
"Has he touched your pussy yet?"
She whispered back, almost breathlessly, "He's come close, but I was worried someone would see, so I made him stop."
I told her that I was in the best position to see something and couldn't see what was happening under the table. So she was relieved.
She then said, "He just suggested that we go up to his room."
"What did you say to that?"
"I really haven't answered him. I told him about what we're doing and that you're in the bar. He said he's cool with that and doesn't mind."
"What are you going to do when you go back in there?" I asked.
"Well, you knowme.I'm really not that brave. I'm not sure what to do."
I asked her, "Do you want to fuck him?"
She hesitated for a moment, then whispered, "Yes"
Hearing her say thatreallyturned me on!
I told her, "Just try to relax and let things happen."
After we hung up, I stayed where I was and watched as she came out of the bathroom. She looked over at me and smiled, then walked between me and the fireplace. When she got in front of me, she looked around to see if anyone else could see her, then pulled up her skirt and flashed her bare ass at me. I just chuckled and shook my head. She looked back over her shoulder and smiled, then pulled her skirt back down and went back into the bar area. God, I love that woman!
I waited a few minutes and then went back into the lounge. As I walked in, I could see Dina and Steve sitting in the booth talking. As I started to walk past, I saw him run his hand up the inside of her leg again. As I passed directly in front of them, I saw her spread her legs apart to give him better access.
Steve moved his mouth to her neck and she responded by moving her head back and to the side as he kissed her there. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip. I suspected that he must've finally discovered that she wasn't wearing any panties and probably had his finger inside of her. She moaned a little and it must have occurred to her that people might hear because she suddenly sat up straight and pushed his hand back.
She then leaned over and whispered something into his ear. As she did this, I saw him turn his eyes toward me. He smiled at me, said a couple of things to her and then waved me over to the table. I walked over and shook his hand, then sat down with my back to the bar.
He said to me, "I hear you've been watching us all night. I hope I haven't done anything to piss you off."
I smiled and said, "No. You're fine. I've enjoyed the show."
He said, "I have to say, I think your wife is very beautiful. It's been a fun night so far and I hope it's not over yet."
Dina excused herself to go check her make-up. Once she'd gone, he asked me, "How far does this game go?"
I told him, "As far as she wants it to."
He smiled and said, "She's very sexy. I hope she wants it to go far."
I smiled back and said, "So do I."
When Dina got back, the three of us talked for awhile. Steve told us that he was a partner in a local law firm and had come to the resort to meet with an out of town client. He also told us that he had a wife and had been married for twenty years, but that they seldom saw each other as she worked in marketing, traveled a lot and was more married to her job than him. I could see that Dina was attracted to him and that she was comfortable.
When Steve received a text from work and was answering it, I touched her hand to get her attention, then nodded my head toward the elevators and raised my eyebrows. She understood that I was asking if she wanted to go upstairs, smiled and nodded.
When Steve finished his text, she told him she was ready to go upstairs. He paid the tab and the three of us walked out together. When we stepped inside the elevator, Dina and Steve went to the back and I pushed the button for our floor.
As soon as the doors closed, Steve's hand went under her skirt and he started to rub her bare ass. She responded by reaching down and stroking his cock through his pants. As she did this, she looked at me and mouthed "Oh. . . My . . .God!"
I looked down and saw the outline of his erection in his pants. It was huge! I looked back at her, smiled and gave a stealthy thumbs-up.
Once we were inside the room, Steve wasted no time and pulled her skirt up around her waist, then put one hand on her ass and the other on her pussy. She was very wet and his finger slipped easily inside of her. She must have been very horny from the night's events because this only went on for a few minutes before she started moaning and was quickly brought to an orgasm. As it was happening, she rose up onto her tiptoes and shuddered, holding tightly onto Steve to keep her balance.
As her orgasm subsided, she slowly dropped down to her knees in front of him, then pulled down his pants and underwear. Freed from its confinement, his hard dick sprang forth like a diving board. His cock was at least nine inches long and two inches thick, if not more, and his balls were large and heavy.
When Dina saw this, her eyes grew wide. She looked at me and smiled, then wrapped her hand around his cock and started stroking it gently. With her other hand, she reached up and started fondling his balls. They were so large that they overflowed her hand on either side. Because Dina loves to give head, it wasn't long before she had him in her mouth, sucking and licking his cock enthusiastically.
I love when Dina sucks another man's cock. Watching his dick slide in and out of her mouth, while she strokes it and uses her tongue expertly is a huge turn on for me. She must have been doing a great job on Steve's cock because he could barely stand up while she was sucking him.
Occasionally, she would look over at me with her mouth full of his dick and smile with her eyes. I could tell she was really enjoying herself.
Steve looked over at me and said, "Your wife gives fantastic head!"
I smiled and replied, "Itisher specialty!"
The floor started to get hard on Dina's knees, so she stood up and started to help him take off his clothes. He returned the favor and it didn't take long before they were both completely nude. They embraced and pushed their naked bodies together. Dina's breasts pressed tightly against his chest, while he reached around and squeezed her ass. She grabbed his cock and started stroking it, then moved it between her legs so she could rub it against her pussy. When she pulled it back out, it was shiny and wet from her juices.
Still holding on to his cock, she led him over to the bed, then lay down and spread her legs. Steve went head first between them and started licking her pussy. I quickly stripped down naked, then walked over to the bed and looked down at her beautiful face as she lay there, enjoying Steve's tongue on her pussy.
She grabbed my cock and pulled me closer to the bed, then turned her head and started sucking me. I started feeling her tits while Steve continued to lick her pussy. After a few minutes, she stopped sucking my cock and said "YES! Oh God,YES!" She arched her back, pushing her pelvis upward against his mouth, her belly muscles tightened in pre-orgasmic tension, then she suddenly started writhing, deep in the throes of a powerful orgasm.
Steve stood up and we both looked down at her lying naked on the bed. Her eyes were closed, and she was smiling in erotic bliss.
He said, "She is so beautiful like that!"
I replied, "I know. That's why I love doing this so much."
Dina reached down and grabbed Steve's cock, the pulled it toward her mouth and started sucking and stroking it. When he was rock hard, she said "I want you inside of me!"
As she said this, Steve's huge cock was bobbing up and down like it had a mind of its own and was nodding in agreement.
He moved between her legs and started sucking her tits, alternately moving back and forth between them. Dina was already very horny and when he started doing this she began to squirm under him and thrust her pelvis toward him, trying to get his cock into her pussy.
Steve knew what she wanted, but decided to make her wait a bit longer. So rather than moving his dick toward her pussy, he instead moved his hips closer to body and laid his massive cock on her pubic area and stomach. It was so large that it reached all the way to her belly button!
He grabbed it at the base and banged it against her stomach a few times as if to show her how deep he was going to be inside of her. Each time it landed on her skin, it made a heavy thudding sound.
I don't know what Dina was thinking at that moment, but it certainly made an impression on me! However, as exciting as it was to watch this magnificent display, I couldn't help but wonder how she was going to handle something that big.
He rubbed his hand along her wet pussy and used her juices to lubricate his shaft, then maneuvered his throbbing cock between her legs and lowered it down to the entrance of her pussy.
As his giant swollen cock moved inexorably closer, Dina's pussy looked innocent and vulnerable in comparison. With its delicate pink petals slightly parted in quivering anticipation; it was as if it were unaware of what was approaching and what wasreallygoing to happen when it got there.
When its bulbous purple head brushed up against her tender entrance for the first time, Dina moaned.
When he entered her, he was very gentle and took his time. I watched, mesmerized as her pussy lips stretched open to accept this massive cock, then slowly envelope its tip, its head and finally its shaft.
I wish I could put into words the emotions I feel when watching another man have sex with my wife, of seeing her lying there with her legs spread for him, of watching as he enters her for the first time, of hearing her moan as he starts to fuck her. But I cannot begin to even come close to describing the combination of excitement, lust and love I feel for her in that moment because mere words are simply inadequate.
When Steve's cock was about two-thirds of the way inside of her, Dina grimaced and put her fingertips against his thighs. He stopped and waited patiently for her pussy to adjust to its tremendous size.
She lay there for a minute, moving underneath him to reposition his cock inside of her. Eventually she took her hands away from his thighs and he asked her if she was ok. When she nodded in response, he resumed his slow and gentle penetration of her.
Her eyebrows furrowed a few times as she experienced a mixture of pleasure and pain, but she did not stop him from going deeper. Eventually, he was finally able to work the entire length of his cock inside of her until his balls were pressed against her ass.
Once he was all the way in, Dina wrapped her legs around him and held him there, enjoying the sensation of having her pussy stretched so wide and filled so deeply.
They stayed like that for a minute or two, enjoying each other's bodies and the sensation of newness. Then he started to slide his cock in and out of her in long, gentle strokes.
Once she'd gotten used to his dick, Dina started to really get into it. She began to move her hips to meet his thrusts, then grabbed his ass and pulled him toward her, as if she wanted him to go deeper still.
As this was happening, she threw her head back, turning it from side to side in ecstasy, her hair splayed around her face in sexy disarray. Her eyes were closed and she moaned loudly as his cock touched places inside of her that she didn't even know existed.
They continued fucking like this for awhile, during which Dina came several times. I was amazed at Steve's stamina and skill as he continuously changed the rhythm and depth of his penetration.
After Dina's third orgasm, he told her to get on her hands and knees so he could fuck her from behind. Dina complied and positioned herself in front of him with her ass in the air and slightly pushed back, ensuring that her pussy was at the best possible angle for him to enter her. His dick looked even more massive as he moved into position behind her and began to penetrate her once again.
Because of the way her body was angled toward him, Steve's cock went even deeper than before, so he had to go very slowly to give her pussy time to adjust again. Eventually, he was again able to work its entire length inside of her until his groin was pressed against her ass. Like before, he didn't start fucking her right away, but instead held his cock there, completely encased deep inside of her tight pussy and allowed her to experience its fullness.
After a minute or so, he reached around and started to fondle her breasts. Dina was really turned on by this and started to slowly move her hips in a circular grinding motion as if she wanted to feel his cock from every angle. Steve didn't thrust back, but instead remained motionless and played with her tits whileshefuckedhim.
This went on for several minutes before he started to slowly fuck her in long strokes, withdrawing nearly the entire length of his cock from of her pussy, then sliding it back deeply inside of her.
For me, this position was the most visually exciting to watch because I could more easily see his huge cock as it moved in and out of her, its thick shaft glistening with her juices, his balls pressing against her clitoris with the completion of each thrust, her pussy wrapped snugly around it, eagerly accepting each thrust.
After a few minutes, Steve started fucking her harder. He grabbed her hips and pulled her toward him. With each thrust, his groin would slap against her ass like she was being spanked and fucked at the same time. As he slammed his cock into her, Dina moaned loudly then said "Oh my God!Oh my GOD!Fuck me!FUCK ME!!"
When she came this time, I saw her whole body shudder intensely in a way I hadn't seen before. She collapsed onto the bed and lay there panting.
After she recovered, she told Steve to lie on his back. She then climbed on top of him, grabbed his dick and inserted it into her pussy. I watched as she slid down his shaft until her pussy rested on his crotch. As she straddled him, she leaned forward and he sucked and fondled her breasts. I liked seeing his hands squeezing her tits as she fucked him. It was a huge turn on!
She seemed to really enjoy this position and spent most of the time keeping his cock as far inside of her as possible. She moved her hips back and forth, grinding her pussy against his groin like she was trying to make his dick touch every possible spot inside of her.
Remembering what I'd seen earlier when he'd rested his cock on her belly, I couldn't begin to imagine how she was able to accept its entire length, let alone where it was going when it was inside of her. But it was very sexy to watch.
After Dina had another orgasm, Steve sat up and, while keeping her impaled on his cock, scooted them both to the edge of the bed, then stood up. He held onto her ass, while she wrapped her arms and legs around him. He then started to fuck her standing up. As they were fucking, it appeared as if he was allowing the majority of her weight to settle onto his cock so that she was being held aloft mainly by his huge cock inside of her snug pussy. This of course drove me wild!
After awhile, he started to moan and I could tell that he was going to cum. He thrust deeply into her, then maneuvered toward the bed and laid her on her back. He laid on top of her so that her tits were mashed against his chest, reached underneath her and grabbed her ass, then started fucking her again.
She responded by putting her feet on the bed and pressing upward, grinding her pelvis in rhythm with his thrusts, while urging him on by saying "Cum for me! Cum inside of me!"
She started to moan and had another powerful orgasm. As this was happening, Steve moaned, then thrust deeply inside of her and held his cock there while he came. I could see his balls contracting as he shot load after load deep inside of her pussy.
Having been inside of Dina while she's having an orgasm, I knew what Steve was experiencing as her pussy pulsated around his throbbing cock, squeezing every drop from its entire length.
When their orgasms finally subsided, Steve lay on top of her for a moment, keeping himself buried deep within her. Dina wrapped her legs around him and held him there as if she didn't want to let go of his cock just yet.
Eventually, she opened her legs and let him go. I watched as his semi-erect cocks slowly slipped out of her pussy which was still pulsating from the thorough fucking it had just received.
Dina looked up at me and smiled, then reached out to take my hand. She guided me to the side of the bed so that my hard cock was near her mouth and started sucking me. She was still very turned on, and as she gave me head, I noticed that she sucked me harder and deeper than I'd ever felt. It was as if she were ravenous for my cock.
After everything I'd seen, it didn't take long for me to cum. When I did, she took me deep into her throat and eagerly sucked me until I was completely drained.
I opened my eyes and saw that Steve had already dressed. It was nearly midnight and he said he had a 9am meeting to attend the next day.
As he was leaving, we thanked him for an unforgettable evening. He thanked us too and said he'd had a great time. I gave him my cell number and told him to give us a call if he ever wanted to get together again.
Two months later, he did . . .