First let me thank you all for the votes and emails. And as I've said before, this is not meant to be the next great novel, so if that's what you're looking for, I'm sorry to disappoint. I started it wanting to do a running chronicle that spans years like a soap opera, so it may never actually reach a satisfactory end for some people. With that in mind, if you haven't read all previous chapters, I suggest you do so before proceeding.
If I haven't already scared you off, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do writing it. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 05
"I miss her already." Cybil pouted as she and Mason left the airport after dropping Brigid off for her flight back to Charleston.
Mason could only agree with her. He knew Brigid hadn't wanted to use the return ticket, but was concern about Marcus being left alone for too long. He'd gone after a UPS driver once, because the guy hadn't slowed down enough around the sheep. They still had to go to the branch office to get their packages. "She'll be back before Thanksgiving and by then we'll be settled in at the hall." He assured her, running through the gears as he merged the Chevelle into traffic.
It was Saturday morning, heading into the Columbus day weekend and things were going to be hectic. Brigid had worked tirelessly to get the hall ready for occupation, usually with the help of anyone that was out of class for the day, but sometimes alone. With the holiday weekend everything was ready for the move, but unfortunately Brigid's return flight date had come and though everyone hated it, she had decided to stick to it.
She and Mason had spent all day Friday together, doing a couple more of the photo ops Marcus had requested, and simply having a nice slow day together, followed by a nice slow evening that just might tide them over until she returned.
They had a lot to get done in the next three days. Mason was the simplest to move, since everything he had with him, easily fit in the trunk of the Chevelle. But on top of Cybil and Ardella, he had agreed to let Becky take an apartment on the second floor next to Katey's, so there were four of them to move as well.
Mason had figured they would use the three CX-9's to move everyone, but Abigail had suggested that she tag along for the day with a twenty-foot panel van she had at the dealership. So Mason was headed there first to collect her.
Abigail was dressed to work when they got there. Wearing jeans and a flannel shirt that swayed alarmingly as she used a broom to sweep out the back of the van. Cybil just shook her head, not surprised in the least that Mason had yet another drop dead gorgeous woman on the hook.
"You must be Cybil?" Abigail smiled as she leaned the broom against the wall. "My, you are a beauty aren't you?"
Cybil looked at Mason and mouthed 'I love you', as she extended her hand to shake. She was already wondering if Abigail had any other tastes in common with her besides an appetite for Mason's cock.
"Oh I'm going to like you." Cybil grinned, eyeing her full flannel shirt deliberately. Making Abigail laugh.
"You two behave." Mason chuckled as he popped the trunk on the Chevelle and started transferring his bags to the open panel door. He was going to leave the car at the dealership and drive the truck, then pick it up later when he brought Abigail back.
"We are." Cybil and Abigail assured him almost in harmony, setting them both to laughing and ending with them hugging. Mason just shook his head and grinned, there was never a dull moment around Cybil.
They moved Mason's stuff to the front and closed it up, then climbed into the cab, Mason driving with Abigail sitting in the middle. But as he reached for the keys lying on the dash, Cybil snatched them away.
"Before we get going here," she told them with a grin. "I believe you two still have unfinished business to complete." They both looked at her puzzled and she sighed dramatically. "Mason did buy three of the CX-9's, for which I believe you offered him a certain gratuitous act, and I think it's time you paid the piper."
A slow smile spread across Abigail's mouth as Mason started blushing. "I believe you're right Cybil," she agreed, " a deal is a deal."
Cybil couldn't help laughing as Mason squirmed while Abigail went right to work getting his jeans open and fishing him out.
"Damn boy!" Abigail breathed as she got his thick half hard cock into the open then engulfed it like a starving calf.
Mason turned toward her as much as he could, one hand on the steering wheel and one gripping the back of the seat. His eyes locked on Cybil's beaming face as a woman old enough to be his grandmother showed him what a real blow job was. Then groaned in awe as Abigail somehow got his cock down her throat and started humming. "Oh shit!" Mason breathed as he let his head fall back against the window and just let the sensation wash over him.
Cybil leaned around to look at Abigail's swollen throat, unable to believe her own eyes. There was no way she would ever fit Mason's fat cock down there like that. She had actually tried it a couple of times and failed.
For her part, Abigail pulled out all the tricks she had learned in her sixty years, drawing an infinity symbol in his pubes with the tip of her nose as she cupped his balls, stroking under them with two fingers to stimulate his perineum. She backed off for air only when she had to, then bore down again, time after time until she felt him swell and tense up. She took his first shot down her throat, but then pulled up and savored the rest as it pulsed into her mouth.
She gave Mason a satisfied grin when she finally sat up, then turned and took hold of Cybil's hair, drawing her in for a kiss and passing her the last of his cum. Mason just stared as the two woman got better acquainted, Abigail's left hand still gripping his cock as it tried to decide whether to finish going flaccid or not.
"He tastes good." Abigail breathed at Cybil as they slowly separate, at which Cybil grinned and nodded.
***
Katey watched as Mason carried the last boxes from her room to put them with everyone else's stuff in the truck. She couldn't believe he was not only giving her the job in the kitchen she wanted, but was letting her live there and paying her more than she'd ever made before. No man had treated her the way Mason did. Starting with her father, an abusive drunk that she quickly learned to placate by staying in the kitchen where he thought she belonged. Oddly enough, instead of resenting this, she'd found she really loved to cook, and a good meal went a long way towards making the old bastard pass out each evening.
She'd worked hard to get through high school and moved out as soon as she got her first paycheck. But before Mason came along and took care of her tuition and loans, life had never really gotten any easier for her. She had some good female friends like Cybil, who had always stood up for her. But guys were another matter, she just couldn't seem to meet a decent one. The last had been the worst, she'd been so scared. Then Mason had been there and had fought for her. No man had ever fought for her before, and the thought of it both thrilled and confused her.
She didn't understand what she felt when Mason was around, couldn't figure out what he expected of her. Part of her was still waiting for him to show his true nature. She was afraid she might love him, afraid to even look at the idea, not again. She wanted him to tell her what to do with her life and show her that he approved. She remembered Cybil's birthday and riding both his tongue and his cock and wanted that too, but she wanted him to make her, and that was strange because she'd fought her whole life to keep men from taking her. But the idea of Mason doing it just did something to her.
With a sigh and a last look around, she ran to catch up with him.
***
They pulled in at the hall with their first load, consisting of everyone's stuff except Ardella's and Mason backed up to the front steps, while Cybil's little Fiat parked off to the side. It was a little after one in the afternoon and everyone was hungry, so as they began unloading, Cybil headed into Arlington to grab a couple of pizzas. She spotted Shelby coming out of Deno's when she pulled into the lot and honked her horn, stopping next to her.
"Nice car." Shelby greeted her as she bent down to peer inside.
"Thanks, Mason gave it to me for my birthday." Cybil told her as she peeked down Shelby's shirt at some nice lace bordered cleavage. "What are you up to?"
"Just came in to get my check, what's up with you?"
"We're all moving in this weekend and I came in to grab some pies." Cybil told her, "if you've got some time, you can come out and give us a hand. And I'll introduce you to everybody."
"You mean I could actually meet your mysterious Mason?" Shelby grinned. "Will there be a house-warming orgy with his harem?"
"You never know what might happen between now and Monday." Cybil shot back with a wide smile.
"Oh man, I'm so there." Shelby laughed. "Why don't you get your pizzas and I'll go drop off my bike and my check at my dad's shop. You can pick me up there or I can just come out in a bit."
"Your dad's shop?" this was new to Cybil.
"Anderson's Ducati Triumph, about six blocks back that way." And she pointed farther down the main drag. "That's how I got my Speedmaster." She then pointed at a sleek red bike that looked way too big for her.
"Nice!" Cybil blurted, "Okay, I'll grab what I need and come pick you up, but you're going to give me a ride one day soon I hope you know. If I can't get you home later when you need to leave, I'll get someone to drive you."
"Sounds like a plan." Shelby grinned. "I'll see you in a few."
The truck was pretty well unloaded by the time they got back, so everyone took a break and Cybil introduced Shelby to those that hadn't met her. Grinning when she saw a flush wash over Shelby as Mason took her hand and shook it.
"It's nice to meet you Shelby," Mason told her, "I've heard a lot about you."
"I doubt it's nearly as much as I've heard about you." She threw back with a grin, though she was still blushing.
Cybil laughed at Mason's confused look and decided to change the subject. "You should see Shelby's motorcycle Mason, it's beautiful. Damn thing made me wet just looking at it." And she did a little shudder that had everyone laughing.
"What kind you got?" Mason asked her, as he twisted the cap off a Guinness.
"It's a 2014 Triumph Speedmaster, cranberry red with smoked highlights. My father gave it to me last year for my high-school graduation."
"You should see some of the bikes he has at the shop." Cybil couldn't help adding.
"He owns the local Ducati Triumph dealership." Shelby explained for everyone.
Glancing around the table at all the excited faces, Mason had to chuckle. "Tell me Shelby," he began, "Does your father have a beginners course for new riders?" at her nod, "And if you brought a customer in personally, would you get a commission?"
Shelby looked shocked and started shaking her head, "I wasn't trying to," she started to protest but Mason waved her off and Cybil took her hand.
"No, that's not how I meant that." Mason assured her, "I've actually wanted to get a street bike for a long time. And I have a sneaking suspicion that some of my friends here like the idea of riding also. If I'm going to buy anything though, I'd like to see the commission go to someone I know can use it for school."
"Are you serious?" she asked.
Looking at the table as a whole, Mason asked, "Well?" and laughed as everyone started clamoring, including Abigail. "I'd say there's a good possibility."
"Let me talk to my dad, I'm sure he would go for it." Shelby beamed, "In fact if you're talking several bikes, I'm sure we can set up a run of some kind for graduating the course. Maybe go up into Vermont and see the fall colors."
There was enthusiasm all around at that idea and Mason figured he was stuck, but didn't really mind since he liked the idea himself. "Well, if we can get done with this moving by sometime tonight, maybe we can all swing in there tomorrow afternoon and talk to him, see what he says." After which everyone seem to move with a bit more purpose.
Shortly after four, Mason and Abigail took the panel to go get Ardella's things. Katey and Ardella following in one of the CXs. Mason was relieved to find that she was all packed and ready, something he should have figured on with her. So they got right to it, though he was surprised to find that the first big load was going to the local hospice, Ardella saying it was time for a new start.
In the end, all the household furniture and goods were at the thrift store, and they were headed back with basically Ardella's office, clothes and personal items.
***
As soon as Mason pulled out with the truck, Cybil took Becky and Shelby up to his room to help her put the monstrous bed together. It was about all they could do to hold up the head and foot sections while she got the first side rail bolted in place, but after that it was much easier.
Both girls kept eyeing the bed as it went together, neither of them having seen it at the auction, though their reactions were polar opposites. Cybil was in heaven and laughed at them, taking pleasure in pointing out its features as they went along. She made sure it was at least six feet from any wall and skewed catty-corner for effect. The hardest part turned out to be aligning the hanging grid canopy. But once they put the box springs and mattress in place that too was easier.
When the last bolt was tightened, Cybil couldn't resist jumping up and swinging from the canopy upside down.
"It's beautiful." Becky gushed when it was done, and Shelby looked at her like she was crazy. "No, you just don't get it yet." And Cybil laughed.
"Did you bring what I asked for from Leathers & Feathers?" she asked Becky, who nodded and ran out the door.
"What's that?" Shelby asked as she tugged at a ring on one of the corner posts.
"You'll see," Cybil grinned, dropping to the mattress and rolling off the bed. "Help me get the sheets and stuff on." They were a blood-red flannel set followed by a grey and black paneled comforter, it was the closest she could find to the colors on the Chevelle. A half-dozen red flannel pillow covers finished it off.
"Damn, you could sleep five people on that thing." Shelby blurted shaking her head as Becky came running back in.
"I suppose you could," Cybil grinned, "after the party was over." And she laughed.
"This is all we had." Becky told her, just a little winded or maybe excited. Then spilled out a pile of leather cuffs and chains on the bed. Cybil hooted and did a little jig, while Shelby blanched and Becky got wet from past memories.
Cybil quickly sorted her treasures, coming up with a pair of wide collars that had two foot long chains hanging from them, which she attached to the mid rings on the foot posts. "Can't have those high enough to strangle anybody." She muttered and Shelby giggled nervously. There were four sets of leather wrist cuffs that she draped artfully over the head rails and two sets of thicker construction with large dull metal hooks that she hooked over the canopy bars.
"Now it's beautiful!" She crowed, stepping back to take it all in. She saw Shelby shake her head and decided that she would instruct her the first chance she got. Looking over at Becky, she saw the dreamy look in her eyes and laughed. "Not right now you silly slut, we have more work to do."
***
It was getting late when they got the last load off the truck, and Mason decided to take Abigail home and get his car. She had held up remarkably well, but he figured she had to be getting tired. He was. Cybil sent them off with a knowing look that wasn't lost on either, but it was a quiet ride back to the dealership.
It was dark behind the building, nothing like the Vegas worthy lights out front and Mason turned to help Abigail down after he alighted. She ignored his hand though and bent forward to place both of hers on his shoulders.
"Help a lady down like you mean it Son." She gruffed as she continued to drape herself against him.
Mason didn't need any more invitation than that, so he stepped into her, her soft chest caressing his face as he wrapped his arms around her hips and lifted her out. Slowly letting her slide down until her feet were on the ground and she was in his arms. Her lips parted under his and they let it last a long moment before either pulled back.
"I think I'm ready for a ride in that Chevelle now." She sighed, slipping from his arms and turning to walk towards it. Mason watched her, her hands spreading the flannel shirt open, before she shrugged it off to drop on the ground behind her.
"You coming?" she asked the night without looking over her shoulder at him, and Mason shook himself while he hurried to catch up, fumbling in his pocket for the keys. He looked down at the fob, trying to spot the right button to unlock the doors and when he looked back up, she was naked, a pale beautiful form with a sweet heart-shaped ass.
"Damn." He breathed and she chuckled, looking back at him now as she opened the door and bent to crawl in.
Mason watched her ass round out and open before him, her nether lips a perfect peach for him to feast on. Then he too started shedding clothes, sighing in relief when his raging cock was free of the tight denim. Toeing his shoes off, he walked or stumbled the rest of the way out of the jeans and crawled in behind her.
She had her arms resting on the far window sill, her head out in the night air and her ass waiting for him. Remembering his dream, he took her hips in his hands and buried his face in it. Hearing a husky groan from her.
Abigail shuddered in ecstasy, fuck all those old memories, none of them ever did things to her insides the way this boy did. In a couple short months Mason had awakened many things in her that had long been asleep if not dead. And now he was lapping at her center like a Blue Heeler after a flea, maybe there was life left after all.
Mason had fantasized about something like this happening ever since he'd met Abigail, and he was damned if he wasn't going to enjoy it now. He pushed his face into her, his tongue seeking as his nose mashed against her and he didn't pull back until she wailed and sprayed his chin. Then he simply laved her gently until she stopped moaning before rearing up over her to bury himself inside her.
"Oh fuck yeah boy!" She cried into the night, "Give it to me Mason." So he did, one knee on the seat and one foot on the floor, he held her hips and fucked her hard.
Abigail was in heaven, never before, never had she felt so wanted, needed. She just hung on and thanked God this man still found her desirable. And damn he had a nice cock, it was hitting spots she never knew she had on every stroke, it felt like it was going to turn her inside out any second now.
Mason was holding out with every fiber in his being, he was damned if he'd cum before she did. So when she threw her head up and he her body went rigid, he sighed and let loose. Then held on as she started convulsing in his hands. He was more than a little relieved when she finally relaxed and slid into the car to lean against him breathing.
"You are one hell of a woman Abigail." Mason breathed in her ear as he finally got to heft her beautiful tits.
"Hell boy, after that why don't you just call me Abby?'
Mason chuckled, "I thought I killed you there for a moment."
"From your lips to Gods ears, that's the way I wanna go."
***
Mason had never driven the road to the hall after full dark, the last bit was kind of spooky winding in and out of the trees. And he started thinking about Halloween and how cool it would be to have a big party now that the hall was open. He was surprised to note that none of the windows were lit when he finally stopped out front, just the outdoor lighting. But once he got through the door, he saw blue light ghosting up from the spa along with a low steady buzz of conversation and laughter.
At the bottom of the steps he paused to take in the sight before him. Five beautiful woman sat or laid around the bath, and not a stitch of cloth to be seen anywhere. He thought about leaving them in peace for about two seconds then started stripping down as he walked towards them.
"Well hello ladies." He called as he dropped his shirt and toed out of his shoes, causing a couple of squeals and he thought Shelby to duck under the water. But Cybil jumped out and ran naked to him.
"You're back!" She cried, pulling him down for a kiss then tugging at his pants to help him out of them. "Did you fuck her good?" she asked him in a quieter tone, her eyes dancing.
"I did my best, damn near killed her." Mason admitted and grinned as she jumped into his arms and hugged him.
"I knew it," she breathed in his ear, "Next time I want to play too though," and she licked his cheek, "let's get back in." dropping to her feet she pulled him towards the bath.
Mason blushed as the girls started cat calling him, grateful that he had just had sex with Abby or he would probably have been fully erect instead of just a little chubby.
"Shelby." Cybil singled her out, pointing at the top half of her head, which was all she was showing. "Come here, you've been wondering about Mason for a while now, come look and get it over with and stop hiding like that, your beautiful."
What Cybil didn't realize, was that Shelby was in fact a virgin. She talked a good game, and wanted to fit in with this new crowd, but it had been all she could do to strip down and be with the girls naked. The idea of Mason being there naked was very alarming, yet she couldn't take her eyes off him. He was so solid-looking, it was very different from looking at pictures.
The girls switched their ribbing and cat calls to Shelby trying to convince her to stand, but when Mason saw her eyes he recognized the fear in them.
"Okay everybody, that's enough." He half barked, startling them all. Then he turned back to Shelby. "I'm sorry, you don't have to do anything, I'll go so you can get dressed or stay in the bath, it's up to you. Nobody here will give you any grief for not being comfortable." And he looked around at the rest to make sure they knew he was serious, before turning to leave.
"Wait." Shelby called, then paused involuntarily to look at his ass. "It's, it's okay, you can stay." And she forced herself to stand, fighting to keep from covering her tits with her hands.
"Are you sure?" Mason asked, not turning back yet. Though it was hard not to when he heard water splash as someone climbed out of the bath.
"Yeah.. I'm sure," he heard her say, noticeably closer behind him. So he turned and met her eyes, waiting until she looked down at him before he let himself look at her.
"She's beautiful isn't she?" Cybil asked him, her arm around Shelby's back for comfort.
"She certainly is." Mason answered. Shelby was definitely a true blond, slim with flaring hips and a nice small pair of breasts with tiny almost invisible nipples. She was shaking, but there was curiosity in her eyes as she looked him over and seemed to get stuck at his cock. Which decided that maybe it did have some life left after all.
Cybil watched Mason's cock slowly fill and rise, then squeezed Shelby with a one-armed hug. "See, he really does think you're beautiful." Then she stepped over and took Mason's hand to pull him towards the bath again. Shelby too started climbing in as Mason settled back in the water with Cybil in his lap. "Behave yourself." He whispered in her ear and Cybil smirked at him.
"We should play Marco Polo." Ardella threw out, as she arched her back languidly, her puffy nipples catching the light and Mason's eye.
"You just want Mason to grope you." Cybil laughed at her, then waded over and pulled her up and back to Mason. "There," she told her, pushing her into Mason's lap and laughing. Mason caught her hips, startled and almost dumping her from his lap when the head of his cock caught in soft folds, but Ardella reached back and grabbed his hands. She rolled her hips a little and used her fingers to spread herself a bit, until she felt the head of his cock slip in, then settled back with a sigh as Cybil joined Becky in a corner.
"God you feel good." Mason whispered to her, sliding his hands up to cup her breasts. She just groaned and started rocking her hips slowly under the water. It wasn't how either had pictured their next first time would be, but at least Mason's hands were free this time.
"Hey you two, pay attention." Cybil called to them, and Mason looked over at her. "We want to have a house-warming party. With a band and lots of people. We were talking about it just before you came home."
"Actually," Mason got out then paused as Ardella moved just right. "I was thinking on the drive in that we should have a Halloween party." This met with enthusiasm so he was able to get back to what Ardella was doing to him as the others talked excitedly around them. He had to bite his tongue to stay quiet as he fought the urge to start matching her movements with short thrusts of his own.
Shelby was listening to the ideas flying around her, but she hadn't really taken her eyes off Mason since returning to the bath, and she wasn't sure, but she thought he and Ardella might be fucking. They were barely moving, but she was pretty sure they were and it was the hottest thing she had ever seen. On a night of many firsts for her, she found herself envious of the elegant black woman. When Ardella's head fell back on his shoulder and he kissed her long neck, Shelby was sure, and began squirming a little as she caught herself idly strumming her clit. With an embarrassed blush she stopped and glanced around, blushing even deeper when she saw Cybil was grinning at her.
Ardella relaxed against Mason as he finished cumming in her, she was going to love living there. Then she stood and turned to give him a long hard kiss before wading back to her original seat. "Next!" She called and there was general laughter. But to Mason's surprise, Katey quickly crossed to him and climbed into his lap. Sighing as she leaned back and pulled his hands to her magnificent chest.
"There is a problem with having any kind of big open party here right now though." Ardella got everyone's attention, though Mason was distracted by Katey's truly spectacular tits. "We still have a lot of construction going on around the grounds, and we're carrying special insurance to cover it. Unfortunately that doesn't include private event insurance of any kind." That put a damper on the idea, but nobody doubted Ardella knew what she was talking about.
"Well then," Becky interjected after a moment of silence. "we'll just have to all go to the Leathers & Feathers erotic exotic ball. It's ticket only, but I'm pretty sure I can still get us some. And this year it's being hosted at the Tea Room, so it should be epic."
This set everyone off again and while Mason tried to pay attention, Katey had found his sorely abused cock and was playing with it.
Shelby didn't know what to think of these people, they all seemed so enthusiastic and free about everything. They were nothing like her friends from school. Her head was kind of spinning with it all, but she thought she wanted in, wanted to jump in with both feet and the hell with the consequences. Then her eyes wandered back to Mason and Katey, who seemed to be in a world of her own, and she told herself if there was another call for next, she was going to get a turn.
"Oh I love it, we could have so much fun." Cybil enthused, "I've always wanted to go to it." This set off another round of talk on what costumes to wear.
Just when Mason was fully hard again, and thinking about ways to get Katey mounted, Cybil waded back over and pulled her up from of his lap. "That's enough for now, I don't want him worn out on our first night here. You can play with him later, I promise." And she took her place giving Katey a smack on her bare ass when she stuck out a pouty lip at her. Getting laughter from everyone including Katey.
"There's a really nice custom costume place here in Arlington." Shelby told them, hesitantly. "My friend Erica works there. They do everything from Halloween to ballet to theater productions. I could probably get her out here to help." And their enthusiasm at the idea made her feel like part of the crowd.
"I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm getting hungry." Becky told them, looking around to see if anyone else was.
"I could eat," Ardella agreed, "but I don't want pizza again. What's good here in Arlington?" she directed at Shelby who was looking more relaxed now.
"There's a new hot pot restaurant," she answered hopefully, then sighed in relief as Katey got excited and took everyone's attention.
"They have a hot pot here?" she bubbled. "that's so cool." And seeing some confusion on a few faces, she became Katey the foodie. "A hot pot restaurant is an Asian soup bar, they place simmering pots of broth in the middle of your table that you cook thinly sliced meats and vegetables in. One pot is usually spicy, and you mix your own sauces to dip in, it's really good."
It was agreed that this sounded okay as long as she helped them with it, so everyone started climbing out. But nobody wanted to put on the clothes that they had worked all day in so it was a bare-assed troop that headed up the stairs, even Shelby pulling up the rear after Ardella offered to loan her something to wear.
Mason found his new bed more than comfortable that night, it was freaking huge. Dinner had been a bit of an adventure, but he was ready to be alone with Cybil now and actually kind of tired.
"I hope you have at least one more in here for me." Cybil told him as she snuggled up to him and took hold of his cock.
"Always." Mason assured her.
"Okay then, spill it, I want to hear about Abigail and I want details." So he told her, trying not to leave anything out as she sucked him hard then mounted him. All the while moaning encouragement at the juicier parts of his tail. "I bet if we went down there and reenacted it, I could still smell her in your car." She told him dreamily when he finished, lost in her belly dance on his cock.
"I'm not going to wake up tied to this bed am I?" he ask her later as they were drifting off to sleep.
"Did you mind it last time?" she asked sleepily, and when he admitted he hadn't. "Then don't worry about who I tie to this bed, just enjoy it."
***
Mason was dreaming of Brigid, they were lying in bed snuggled with one of her heavy breasts in his hand as he spooned her ass from behind. With a moan, he felt her reach down and line him up then sink back onto him. And he woke up still feeling every bit of it. Confused for a second because the breast in his hand was definitely not Cybil's, yet the hair in his face was blond not Brigid's fire-red, Mason reared back to see what was going on. And Katey turned to look at him over her shoulder, her green eyes shining.
"Cybil came and told me it was later." She told him with a smile and held up her right arm so he could see that it was shackled to the bed. Before she started humping back at him.
God I love that girl, Mason thought as he grabbed Katey's breast again and started moving his own hips. "I love my life." He growled into Katey's ear before he started nibbling at her neck, setting her to giggling.
They had just finished when Cybil breezed back into the room followed by Ardella. "Okay you two, time to get busy and I'm not talking more screwing." She told them as she started undoing the buckle of Katey's cuff. "Everybody is hungry again and we think it's silly to have that huge kitchen and no food. So get dressed, we're going shopping."
Mason needed to get out of bed and relieve his bladder anyway, so he rolled out and grabbed Ardella, giving her a morning kiss before heading for the bathroom.
They all ended up going in two of the CX's, with Ardella driving the trailing car. "We should swing by Shelby's and see if she wants to come along." Cybil suggested to Mason nodding towards the road they had taken when they dropped her off the night before.
"You like her eh?" Mason asked as he made the turn.
"Yes, I think we should offer her one of the rooms on the second floor with the others." She admitted while reaching over to give his crotch a light squeeze. "I think she would be fun to have around." Mason just chuckled, so after a second she swatted him. "Does that mean we can?" and he nodded.
Shelby was out front washing her bike when the two CX's pulled up, and she hollered into the house for her dad to come meet everyone. Wondering what was up.
Mason saw a tall lean man come out the front door as his pack spilled from the cars. Watched him stop and take a long appreciative look at the girls and the grin that spread across his face. He was a rawboned Sam Elliot looking guy minus the mustache and Mason figured the girls wouldn't mind getting checked out by him. In fact he heard Becky mutter a "Nice," under her breath when she saw him.
"These are my new friends I told you about." Shelby told him, dragging him over to them. Mason stuck out his hand and shook as she started the introductions. Then grinned as Cybil and Becky both went in for hugs, surprising and tickling the old guy. His name was Pat Anderson, and his voice was as gravely and distinctive as his rugged face.
"Welcome to the neighborhood, anyone that's been as nice to my girl as you have is alright in my book." He told them. "What can we do for you?"
"Well we planned on coming by your shop later to look at some bikes," Mason began, but Cybil cut in. "But right now we're hungry and want Shelby to show us where to get breakfast, then where to shop so we can stock up our pantry." Then she gave him one of her coy looks, "But you're welcome to tag along too."
He grinned at her, "I can see you're trouble," and he chuckled, while Mason and several of the girls barked involuntary laughs. "but I've got some stuff I need to get done around here, so you'll have to get by with Shelby, she knows the area as well as me anyways."
Breakfast ended up being omelets at a little place named The Best Cafe, not bad, then Shelby took them to a butchers where Katey had a field day's worth of fun. Mason was following her around trying to get an idea what the meals in his near future might entail, when he heard some excited commotion among the other girls and guessed that Cybil had probably asked Shelby if she was interested in staying at the hall.
It took about half an hour, but they left the butcher with three heavy boxes loaded in the back of one CX, then Shelby had them drive a ways out-of-town to a wholesale cash and carry place and they all got busy shopping. By the time they were checking out, Mason was wondering if they shouldn't have brought the third car. But they managed to get it all in the two.
Katey was like a little majordomo when they got back to the hall, directing traffic in her kitchen then shooing everybody out so she could put things away where she wanted them. Everybody scattered then, going to finish setting up their rooms, and Mason found himself with nothing to do. So he decided to take a tour around the outside and see how things were shaping up.
***
Mason knew the Triumph Rocket X Limited Edition was his choice as soon as he laid eyes on it. The black bike just looked bad-assed. Unlike the girls, this wouldn't be his first bike, though the others had all been dirt bikes. Still he figured he could handle it. There were three of the Speedmasters on the floor, but no colors except the stock grey and black which dampened the girls enthusiasm a bit until Shelby pointed out that the shop had painting facilities.
Pat took him back in his office after it was decided to just get the Rocket and two of the Speedmasters. Mason figured he could buy another bike or two later if more were needed, once they got through a riding course. He prepaid for painting and powder coating on the two smaller bikes, planning to let the girls decide on the colors. The paperwork was sorted and Mason handed over the BNY card.
Pat looked at it for a minute, then looked at Mason. "Tell me a little bit about yourself Mason," he began, " my girl says you've invited her to live with you and I'd like to know what that entails and just who is asking."
"Well, it's not so much me that asked her to live at the hall, that was Cybil, but I told her to go ahead." Mason told him, "And she would have her own apartment, so she would only be living with us in a broad sense." And watched the man relax a little.
"As for me, well, I inherited more money than anyone should be allowed to have." He began, deciding to be open with him, figuring he had a right to be concerned about his daughter. "My father wasn't a nice man, though he stole his fortune legally. He was what's known as a corporate raider and he was ruthless about it, moving through the world raping other men's dreams." He paused, deciding how he wanted to say it. "His greed got my mother and him killed. Or at least the money did. Him I can do without to be honest, but I'd give up the money if it would bring my mother back."
Mason fidgeted a bit, afraid that simple truth was going to make his eyes water, embarrassed. "There is more to his legacy than the money though," he went on when he was sure he had control. "He left me more to clean up in this life than I think I can. So I'm going to school, hoping that I'll be able to repair at least some of the damage he did. Even though I know I'll never come close to finding all the lives he destroyed. And I'll be damned if I'm going to be like him. Those woman out there are my friends, sometimes lovers, and Cybil is one of my loves. And they will have every advantage in this life I can give them."
"I'll tell you now that I don't have plans to seduce Shelby." Mason tried to assure him. "But from past experience, anywhere Cybil has her hand in things, there's a pretty good chance things will get wild occasionally. I'll do my best by her and nobody will force her into anything. And on top of that, you're welcome to stop by any time and check on her."
Pat sat there studying Mason when he finished for a minute then just nodded. "Good enough." Before swiping the card and handing it back. Then taking the printout from the machine behind him for Mason to sign. "Does Shelby get a commission?" Mason asked him then signed when Pat nodded and smiled.
"Now for the fun part of this deal," he grinned at Mason as he handed over the receipt. At Mason's frown he chuckled. "Trust me, you'll enjoy it and I'll let you have everything at cost." So saying he led Mason back out front.
"Well girls, now that the damn paperwork's done, it's time we outfitted you in some leather." He barely finished before Mason and him were swarmed with hugs and kisses. What followed Mason did enjoy, as Shelby and a blonde woman who worked there showed the girls outfit after outfit to try on and model.
Later they were sitting down to Katey's first dinner, beef stroganoff over home-made egg noodles with a green salad and some fresh crusty bread, when they heard a couple of bikes out front and Shelby led her father in.
"I'll get more plates." Katey said before disappearing into the kitchen.
"Come eat." Cybil waved them over, "Katey has outdone herself here, it's delicious."
Mason stood and shook hands with Pat, then waved for him to take a seat as Katey returned with more service for the two. "Help yourselves, there's plenty." He told them, and there was.
"Damn. It is good." Pat said after the first bite, looking at Katey who blushed a little.
"So, what can we do for you?" Mason finally asked after the plates were about half empty and people were slowing down a bit.
"I wanted to see where my daughter was moving to for myself." Pat told them and grinned when Cybil and the other girls whooped. "Now I'm a little worried she'll get fat." He went on, smiling at Katey.
"Just so you know dad," Cybil told him, "as long as Shelby is living here, you're welcome at this table any time you want to show up."
"See, I knew you were trouble." He told her and grinned. "Trying to fatten me up too." Typical Cybil, she hopped up and went around the table to crawl into his lap.
"But you love me anyway right Daddy?" she asked, batting her eyes at him.
"Okay, okay. I surrender unconditionally." He cried throwing both hands into the air.
"Of course." She told him then pulled his head down for a kiss before jumping up and returning to her seat. "I'll keep him in line for you." She told the stunned Shelby and everyone laughed.
After dinner Pat got the full tour while Mason got on his laptop and set up a household account for Katey to draw from and ordered two cards for it to be mailed priority. Then he went on Best Buys website and started ordering some of the electronics he'd been meaning to get for his room.
That night while they were lying in bed, Cybil turned to him. "You're not mad at me for kissing Shelby's dad are you?"
"No, you do what you want." Mason told her, " I know you love me, and God knows you're generous with me, so you do anything you think will make you happy. Well, except I don't ever want to wake up with him shackled to my bed." And he kissed her as she smiled.
"I love you." She declared and crawled under the covers after her favorite pacifier.
***
Monday morning, Columbus Day, Mason woke to an empty bed, he was disappointed for a moment then chided himself, he couldn't expect to have sex every morning. With a chuckle he rolled out and went into the bathroom to shit, shower and shave.
He was wiping the last bits of shave cream off with a towel as he left the bathroom and froze. At the foot of the bed, neck collared and wrists shackled to ankles forcing her to kneel, was a naked Becky.
Mason approached her but stopped a few feet away and looked down at her. "So, what did you do wrong?" he asked her as his cock started rising to point at her.
"I'm not supposed to tell you." She told him, "But I've been really bad, and now I'm supposed to be punished." And she leaned forward like a fledgling in a nest, mouth open.
Tossing the towel on the bed, he let his gaze run over her. Remembering what Cybil had told him about Becky's appetite for this kind of play, not sure he was into that. He could see her quiver and she was literally dripping on the hardwood floor. It was her eyes that made him step closer, there was a real need in them, an almost desperate hunger. Her lips closed around him and she made a contented groan, leaning into the collar as she sought to take him deeper.
Mason had to admit it was pretty hot, he eased forward a little giving her what she seemed to want. And her eyes closed as her tongue went to work. "Ah, Damn." He muttered and she leaned into her chain even harder.
Mason relaxed a bit, realizing she seemed happy. That he didn't have to slap her with his cock or something just because she was giving him control. Placing his hands on top of her head, more to steady himself than to hold her, he began slowly moving his hips. His cock almost slipping out of her reach, the head pulling at her lips before he rocked forward again. Becky making urgent little wines, straining at her chain.
She started almost purring when he slipped his hands down to the sides of her face and started thrusting a little faster. His need started taking over as he relaxed and stopped worrying about what was expected of him and just enjoyed what was happening. She gave a grunt when he bottomed out, thrusting a little too deep. But whined when he flinched back, so he did it again on the next thrust. The head of his cock pushing her head back before he let up. And she looked up at him, eyes watering but nodding her head slightly, still leaning into the collar.
It was enough, Mason started moving with more purpose, hitting the opening to her throat with every thrust, settling into it, fucking her face. Becky started shifting, not trying to pull back, but scooting her knees back. Trying to give him a better angle, leaning hard into the collar, tears running down her cheeks.
Her need was killing him, driving him to be just a little more aggressive, give her a little more. When he bottomed out the on the next thrust, he paused, his hands tightening on her head, holding it for a long second before drawing back. Hearing Becky suck air in through her nose, her lips staying sealed around him. He paused again on the next thrust, not holding her head this time, but she never moved. A tick longer then he eased up and she sucked air in. He stopped for a moment, letting her breath until her tongue went back to work, then did it again, taking his hands off her head and leaning into her. Waiting to see if she would pull back this time, his own hunger starting to match hers. She didn't, she just leaned into it, his cock lodged tight at her throat. The moment stretching until he gave in, pulled back. Her lips finally breaking their seal as she gasped for air and panted, a long string of saliva slipping from her mouth, Mason watching as it dropped to a puddle between her thighs.
Bending, Mason's cock slipped from her mouth as he picked her up, holding her against him awkwardly when he remembered the chain and reached one hand out to unclip it from the ring, then he rounded to the side of the bad and dropped her on it. Her hands were still shackled to her ankles, the chain from the collar ending up lying between her breasts as she looked up at him. He took her hips and pulled her to the edge, pushed his cock down and slipped into her, his groan and hers mixing.
"Oh Master!" She cried, her firm tits starting to wobble as he started moving again, and he laughed. Taking hold of the chain, he pulled it tight to hold her at the edge of the mattress as he start fucking her hard. Both of them lost in pure need, building and breaking together. Mason leaning on her again as he lost it in her. Standing there as he slowly softened, looking down on her. Slipping from her when she finally opened her eyes and looked up at him almost shyly.
Picking up the damp towel from the bed, Mason folded it a couple of times and laid it between her legs, then rolled her to her side. Taking the chain, he clipped it to the rail of the foot board, before leaning down to kiss her cheek.
Becky watched him walk away, watched as he slipped into some sweat pants and a t-shirt.
Mason was just getting back from a run, when Cybil found him about an hour later. She was grinning from ear to ear when she saw him and sprinted across the floor to leap into his arm, almost taking him down.
"How did you know?" she asked him, "God I think Becky is in love with you now, it took me forever to get her calmed down, she just kept cumming and cumming. You're so perfect." And she kissed him.
"I'm perfect? You're going to spoil me." He laughed.
"You figured that out did you?" she smirked at him.
***
A little later that morning, Mason was at the table eating eggs and bacon with some of the bread from the night before when Shelby and a girl who had to be wearing a wig, it was all Tina Turner from Thunderdome but in rainbow colors, came through the front door. Cybil came running down the stairs and hugged Shelby, then greeted her friend before they all disappeared, following Cybil back up. Mason took a few more bites, but then couldn't take it, so he pushed his plate aside and headed up himself.
They were in the room across the hall from Katey's. Her and Becky having joined the group, all of them laughing as Shelby came out of the bathroom exclaiming over the size of it. When Cybil spotted him looking in, she grinned and ran over to him. "Come on, let's go grab some of her stuff." And taking his hand, she pulled him towards the stair.
"Who's the girl with the rainbow on her head?" he asked as they went down the steps.
"That's Shelby's friend Erica, the one that's going to help costume us." She explained as they went out the door. They found Shelby's things in the back of a white pickup, Cybil climbing in and handing down a box to Mason. Then piling two more on. He turned away when she grabbed a fourth, barely able to see as it was, so she climbed down with that one herself. Figuring he was going to be making more trips, he followed her back in.
He made four more trips to get the rest of Shelby's stuff. Then stood in the doorway and watched them for a few minutes. Seeing that Becky had joined them and was watching him, he waved for her to follow him and went back downstairs. Taking a seat on one of the couches and patting the spot next to him.
"Is something wrong Mason?" she asked as she sat, looking worried.
"No, I just need to talk to you for a second." He started. "I guess I need to know that you're okay, that what I did this morning was okay."
"Oh Gawd yes." She told him beaming. "I loved every second of that."
"Well, good." Mason said, relieved. "But if we're going to be doing that kind of stuff, aren't you supposed to give me a safe word?" The question sounded funny to him even as he asked it, and she laughed.
"Are you planning on getting rough?" she asked him with a grin and he blushed.
"No. I just thought you were supposed to set that up before hand."
She thought about that for a moment then nodded. "Okay, if you and I are playing and I'm collared, I'll never call you anything but Master." She told him, "If I use you name, stop and see why." Smiling and giving him a quick peck on the cheek when he nodded.
Getting to her feet, she curtsied. "Master." She called him softly, before turning and running back up the stairs laughing.
***
"No it's settled," Cybil cried, "Mason has always been Batman to me, and I'm going to be his Robin. All you other bitches choose a villain." Mason laughed and looked around at them.
"Actually there aren't enough well-known female villains to go around," he began, "and if we're going to borrow from the DC universe, I have to see Katey here in a Wonder Woman outfit." Grinning as she gave him a surprised look and blushed.
"More like, you want to see her tits about ready to pop out of the costume." Cybil corrected him laughing.
"That too." He admitted, "But seriously, some things are a no-brainer. As for villains, I think Ardella would look great in a leather Catwoman outfit, and I've always thought Poison Ivy was hot, so Becky could be her."
"Okay smarty pants, what about Shelby?" Cybil asked, excited and trying to picture it all.
Mason looked at the newest member of their pack, blushing as usual, and couldn't resist teasing her a little. Standing he went around the table and took her hand. "Stand up." He began, stepping back as she did and drawing her away from the table. Where she stood quivering as he slowly walked around her. "Let's see, a tall sexy blonde with an innocent girl next door manner, I'm seeing a cape with a very short, tiny red skirt that leaves these long legs bare in all their beauty." He said as if talking to himself, his fingers brushing her thigh as he came back around to face her. "And a big red S right about here." He went on, tracing an S across her chest with the tip of a finger, careful to run across the tiny bumps that had to be her nipples.
Shelby's breath caught and the rest of the girls just stared for a second then Cybil broke up laughing. It was like popping a balloon, everyone started and most of them sighed, while Shelby's lip was actually quivering a bit. "Well at least kiss the girl after all that." Cybil scolded hm.
And seeing a tiny spark in her eye, Mason took Shelby in his arms and kissed her gently, relieved when she kissed him back. She smiled shyly as they separated, then turned and went back to her seat, all thoughts of costumes lost for a while.
"So Supergirl, okay, now that's settled." Erica began, more than a little flustered herself, "What kind of budget are we talking about?"
"What are the options?" Cybil asked as Mason returned to his own seat.
"Anything from off the rack costumes to movie set, I can get or get made anything you want with respect to the short time restraints."
"If I paid your company three thousand, with a five hundred bonus for you if I like the end results, would that work?" Mason asked her and watched her eyes light up, "And how would you suggest going about it?"
"Well to save time, I'd identify the iconic pieces in each costume and buy good quality productions of them. Like Batman's mask, gloves and belt, then have one of our costumers render the rest from a design that you approve of. If I get two of our better people working on it we could be done with time to spare."
"That sounds good to me," Mason agreed, " let's do that then. Just let us know if you need anything else."
There followed a rather lively internet hunt on Cybil's laptop, for just the right versions of each character for each girl's taste. Mason wandered away and went to his room. He was suddenly lonely for Brigid, so he stretched out on his bed and called her.
She assured him that things were going well when she got home. Marcus hadn't started any wars, but he was antsy to see his new cottage. They both knew he really wanted to see Mason. He told her how things were going and about buying out half the local cycle shop, getting scolded and told he had better be careful.
She wondered what he planned on doing with the property there once she and her father joined him, and he suggested finding a management company to keep it up, not wanting to think about selling it yet. There were just too many memories there. She told him she was going to start packing up the incidentals and personal things, and would have the latter shipped to the hall. They talked about the erotic exotic ball and the costumes, and how he wished she could be there. She pointed out that he needed a Batgirl. Long before he was ready to let her go, she had to, telling him she loved him but had a hair appointment to get to. He was just lying there when Cybil found him.
"Here you are." She purred as she crawled up on the bed to lie on his back. "Are you tired?"
"No, I was just talking to Brigid and it made me miss her more." He sighed, enjoying the contact.
"Well, we were down stairs talking about the Columbus Day stuff that would be going on today, and whether any of us felt like going to the parade. But it just sounds like too much hassle, I mean it's not like any of us actually knew him." She laughed.
"Yeah, I'm not much on parades." Mason agreed.
"Then Erica said they usually go out to Mystic Lake to party and that got everyone excited. So I came to see if it sounded good to you." And she dug her chin into his neck starting a brief tussle that found him on top pinning her, his mouth over hers.
"That's more like it." She grinned at him when he pulled back.
"Have you ever been to this Mystic Lake?" he asked her, picturing her in shackles. "What kind of lake is it?"
"My dad used to go to the upper side fishing a lot, and I think I went a couple of times when I was young." She began, "But I don't remember a lot about it except that it was big and there were lots of boats."
Katey was in the kitchen putting together a cold lunch for the day, wondering if they would be eating there or at the lake, she still didn't know which. And if it was the lake, then she needed to go get a cooler and fill it with drinks. But since Cybil hadn't let her know yet, she was stalled. So when Shelby stuck her head through the door to see if she needed help, she waved her in.
"Do we know if we're going to the lake yet?" and at Shelby's shrug she frowned, "Guess I'll go ask." She muttered to herself.
"I can do it if you want." Shelby offered.
"You know where Mason's room is?" she asked, then continued even though Shelby had nodded. "Top floor, front of the building." After Shelby left, Katey grabbed the bigger of the two ice chests off the top of one of the reach in fridges and took it to the sink to wipe it out, muttering in Portuguese under her breath.
Shelby did as instructed right up until she stepped through the open door into the room. Her eyes traveled almost involuntarily to that scary bed and she stopped. She'd seen a couple of videos of people sixty-nining, but that hardly prepared her for the real thing. She stood there frozen, her nerves shouting at her to back out of the room quietly, but she couldn't. The sight of Mason's legs sprawled open, and the top of Cybil's head as she bobbed. His cock looking way to fat for her mouth. His balls so out there, they were huge and hairy and obscenely beautiful. It was insane, she needed to get out.
Then Cybil looked up at her, looked her right in the eyes with Mason's cock in her mouth, her own eyes getting a wicked glint in them. Shelby thought she'd faint when Cybil sat up, obscuring the little of Mason's head that had been visible even more and held a finger up to her grinning lips for silence. Leaving a massive glistening cock just standing there in plain sight.
"Did you need something Katey?" Cybil asked her still holding the finger up, and when Mason started to try to see, "No you don't mister, you get back to what you were doing, I'll handle this." She reached back and pushed his head down and wiggled her ass for emphasis. "Yes we're going to the lake." She went on to Shelby as she started stroking Mason, guessing why the girl was there.
Shelby walked forward mechanically when Cybil crooked a finger for her to, stopping when she came up against the mattress, staring mesmerized as Cybil's tiny hand stroked the cock. She could see a milky drop threatening to spill from the slit in the end of it, but that was nothing compared to what was flooding her panties.
"Fine, you can have a taste. But only for a second, you had yours the other morning." Cybil told her, not making any sense, but bending Mason's cock so it pointed at her and nodding down at it. "Come on, I wanna get back to it so we can go to the lake." And she looked at her questioningly now.
Not believing she was doing it, almost against her will, Shelby found herself reaching for it. Her fingers brushing the soft skin, wrapping around it and feeling how right it felt, how wrong it felt. Cybil's hand guiding hers to stroke up then down again, the soft skin gliding over the hard cords underneath, and her knees melting along with her insides.
"Get your taste and go, I wanna play with it too." Cybil whined at her, grinning.
It was time to run, Shelby knew that, but for some reason she found the head of it in her mouth. Her lips brushing the hand she had wrapped around it, a salty taste like sweat on her tongue. The shaft was so firm, but the head was more like a marshmallow she thought, her tongue exploring it.
She was lost in it when Cybil cupped her cheeks and lifted her head gently, her lips sliding loose, losing it. "That's enough for now, you'll get another turn." Shelby looked at Cybil, and found her smiling proudly at her then pointing towards the door and hushing her again. So she left, one hand brushing her lips as she went down the hall, trying to capture the feel of it in her memory.
Cybil watched her leave, then went back to sucking her cock. "Who was that?" Mason asked her after they rolled apart, both drained. "Because it wasn't Katey."
"Well since I'm sure you'll know the second you see her, it was Shelby," Cybil told him, "but you are not going to let on that you know, you got me?"
Mason thought about his talk with her father and nodded. "Okay, but don't push her too hard."
"I won't push her to do anything she doesn't want to do, I swear." Cybil declared giving him a backwards boy scout salute and a crooked grin. "Now we better get dressed before someone else comes looking for us,"
It was windy but sunny at the lake. Shelby's father met them there after she called him. Mason watched the boats for a while, never really having been around any before, but intrigued and thinking it looked like fun. Cybil warned him that if he got one, her dad and Saul would be bugging him to take them fishing. Pat adding his name to the list of potential fishing buddies.
It seemed a lot of people preferred the lake to watching parades, and after they'd eaten the lunch Katey had packed, Cybil got them invited to play volleyball. They played a couple of games with everyone, their group against the group that had set up the net. Losing both, but having fun. Then people from both sides started begging off, and it ended up being a four on four match.
Mason was at the net, looking back at Ardella as she prepared to serve the ball, when something, it looked like a beer bottle, hit her in the back of the head. There was a sickening thud and the sound of a bottle breaking. The ball flew from her hands, Mason's hands picking it out of the air as his mind tried to understand what was happening. Frozen for a second as Ardella dropped boneless where she stood.