Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright.
*****
I grinned up at him in response, it was a great feeling to know I was the reason he was so turned on. He shook his head in disbelief but smiled back at me all the same. Then kissed me again as he slid his hands from my knees all the way up my legs until his thumbs brushed the edges of my panties on either side.
My breath hitched in my throat as he dipped both of them below the fabric and started gently stroking back and forth along my outer lips.
"You're shaved."
His voice was low and deep and I could hear the approval in his voice but I couldn't respond. It felt too incredible. He quickly unzipped the front of his uniform and pulled it down so the material hung off his upper body but still, sadly, hid his bottom half... for now. My eyes swept over him appreciatively. His chest had a number of tattoos and was just as hard and muscled as I had hoped.
I knew I was way beyond dripping wet and ready for him and lifted my hips slightly trying to get him to continue. Victor grinned into the kiss but didn't stop what he was doing, thank God. He hooked his finger on the material and gently pulled it to the side out of the way. I felt the cold air hit my bare wet lips and shivered slightly. I honestly wasn't sure if it was from the cold or the anticipation but I didn't particularly care.
Victor used his other hand to start stroking back and forth over my slit but didn't push into it at all. I groaned loudly and wrapped my legs around his back trying to pull him forward into me. He chuckled yet again and I sighed loudly in annoyance. He was back to teasing me.
I was about to try begging him again, since it had worked exceptionally well before, but before I could open my mouth he slid his finger between my lips and dragged it up to brush lightly against my clit. I dropped my head back and let out a loud throaty moan. Yes, yes this is what I needed.
I spread my legs wider and laid back on the hood of the car as I stared up at him leaning over me. He grinned seductively before stepping back slightly away from me. I opened my mouth to protest but he shook his head and I closed my mouth.
I watched him turn around briefly and grab something nearby but I didn't see what it was. When he turned back around to face me he smirked and bent to give me a quick kiss. Then he was sitting down and his lips found their way to my clit.
My moan echoed through the room and I felt his hands sliding up my inner thighs as his tongue lapped at my wetness. When his fingers reached the tops of my legs he moved one of his fingers to my entrance and slowly probed it, drenching his finger thoroughly before sliding it into me.
His fingers were long and amazingly thick and I swear I lost consciousness for a second. His tongue began moving faster against my clit, alternating between licking it and sucking on the small bud. At the same time he started moving his finger inside of me, sawing it back and forth. I moaned again and bucked my hips against him.
He moved his free hand up to my hips and gently pushed me back down flat. Victor continued his ministrations and after a minute slid a second finger into me as well making me feel incredibly full as he moved them around slightly trying to open me up.
"You're awfully tight princess. We're going to have to do a lot of work before we can go much further."
His voice was an alluring mix of deep and husky but I froze at his words. Feeling immediately intimidated.
"What do you mean? H- How big are you?"
Victor laughed loudly and glanced up to meet my concerned gaze with a full on grin and a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"Bigger than these two fingers, that's for damn sure."
I didn't feel even a little better at his insinuation and opened my mouth to respond, but all that came out was another deep long moan as he dipped his mouth back down to latch onto my clit once more.
He started moving his fingers faster and I could feel my body start thrashing from the pure ecstasy I was feeling. He pumped them into me matching the pace of his lips to the pace of his fingers with unbearable accuracy. Then he slid a third finger in and I felt like I was stretched as far as I could.
There was a slight edge of pain mixed with the seemingly limitless pleasure but all it seemed to do was add to my arousal. I moaned louder and could feel my release approaching. He seemed to know what I was feeling and sped up again fingering me with vigor.
"Fuck Victor, yes. God yes I'm so close."
I couldn't help the breathless words that slipped from my lips but it only seemed to encourage him. I raised my arms to my chest massaging my breasts through the fabric of my dress that seemed to very much be in the way at the moment.
My release crept closer and closer as he pushed his fingers into me and I screamed out in pleasure as I finally came hard against him. The sound was cut short as I felt his hand quickly cover my mouth to drown out the sound and I realized his mouth had withdrawn as well when I heard him talk.
"Shhh princess. Not so loud, you're gonna get me fired!"
But there was an edge of laughter in his voice and his fingers were still moving inside me so that was what I focused on as I rode the waves of my blissful orgasm. He pushed them deeper into me and I felt him curl them up and stroke them against a spot inside me and screamed into his hand again as a second orgasm ripped through my body.
As the high faded he slowed down his fingers until pulling them from my body, leaving me feeling surprisingly empty at the loss. I forced my eyes open again and watched as he locked his gaze with mine and pushed two of his fingers into his mouth sucking my juices from them.
I'd never realized just how sexy something like that could be and sat there dumbstruck as he pulled them out of his mouth and moved closer. He lifted his hand and pressed the last of the ones that had been in me to my own lips gently.
Without really thinking about it I parted my lips and let him push it into my mouth sucking and licking his finger carefully as I stared up at him. He smiled in approval and nodded as he pulled it back out of my mouth and I let my lips curl into a smile as well before I leaned forward and grabbed the loose material of his uniform.
"Now it's your turn."
I smirked up at him as I ran my hands over his muscled body fully admiring every aspect of him. I moved my hands to the front of the uniform and slowly massaged his unbelievably hard dick through the fabric. He groaned softly and dropped his head back to stare up at the ceiling.
I grinned and moved my hands up so I could slide one beneath the fabric and waistband of his boxers and ran my hand along the soft sensitive skin of his cock. He wasn't kidding, this thing was huge. I went to push the remaining fabric down and out of the way when I heard a voice yelling and we both looked up in surprise.
"Hey! Someone's coming!"
Tommy was yelling at us from where he was standing at the doors to the garage and immediately Victor jumped back and yanked his uniform up and zipped it quickly back into place. I froze and looked at him before looking down at myself and realizing just how I was sitting. He grabbed my hand and pulled me up, back onto my feet before pulling my dress back down for me.
I quickly ran my fingers through my hair trying to readjust it as much as possible. Luckily Victor hadn't really touched it so it didn't seem to be too out of place. I looked up at him knowing my face was creased with a mixture of shock and worry.
"How's my makeup? Does it look normal, or you know, like we've been fooling around?"
He laughed and let his gaze sweep quickly over my face.
"Looks fine, but you may want to pull your hair forward and hide that hickey."
My eyes widened in shock and I grabbed handfuls of my hair on each side pulling them forward to hide my neck.
"Can you still see it?"
He leaned back slightly and shook his head.
"Nope, you're good."
I sighed in relief and he grabbed my hand pulling me over to stop in front of one of the workbenches just as the door opened. I looked up and saw my father enter and glance around the shop until his eyes landed on me and immediately slid over to Victor and narrowed.
"Liliana, I've been looking everywhere for you... What are you doing in here."
I smiled at him reassuringly and tried to come up with a lie when Victor stepped in.
"Hi Mr. Scott. We've been slow today so I offered to show her a few things."
My dad nodded slowly and glanced back at me with a look that said he didn't really believe what he was saying but I nodded quickly.
"Yeah he was really sweet. I was bored out of my mind but I was curious about some of their tools and stuff so he offered to explain a few."
He swept his gaze over us carefully then smiled, apparently appeased by what he saw. He walked over to us quickly, and I saw the other three employees standing off to one side trying to make themselves look busy.
"Great, well that's wonderful Mr..."
I froze realizing I didn't even know Victor's last name and turned quickly towards him to hide the pink blush in my cheeks. Victor smiled and took my dad's hand as he offered it to him.
"Orlov. Victor Orlov, It's nice to finally meet you sir."
My dad nodded and turned towards the car where everything had happened. And I bit my lip in embarrassment.
"Great to meet you too Victor. And I must say this is a nice vehicle. I used to have one like it."
Victor smirked down at me as my dad walked around inspecting the car. And I pressed my lips together trying to push down the laughter that was desperately trying to get out.
"Thank you sir. It's actually mine. I work on it occasionally when things are slow like this. I hope that's ok, Mr. Matthews approved it and everything but I figured it would be good to check with you."
I looked at him curiously, I hadn't known it was his car. But then again we hadn't exactly done much talking. My dad nodded in response.
"Oh yes, yes that's fine. Well anyway, we must be going Liliana, we've got a lot more stops to make today. But she'll be back with me tomorrow, unfortunately there is a lot more I need to go over here. Maybe you could give her another lesson if you're still not busy. It would do her some good to learn more about cars."
Victor smiled and glanced over at me behind my father's back as he started walking away.
"Yes, of course sir. I'd be more than happy to give her another lesson."
He winked at me as he said the last word and my face turned a deep shade of red at the type of lesson he was planning on giving me tomorrow but I grinned up at him just the same.
"Well that's great Mr. Orlov. Thank you for all your help today."
I put out my hand for him to shake and he looked at me like I was crazy before glancing over at my dad then pulling me into him quickly, kissing me lightly on the lips. Whispering to me as he pulled away.
"Oh I'm looking forward to tomorrow princess."
I bit my lip and looked up at him as we both pulled back and he grabbed my purse from where I'd left it on a table earlier. I looked over at my dad and saw him huddled with the other three talking with them. I pulled a small strip of paper and a pen out of my purse scribbling my number down on it quickly before pressing it into Victor's hand and kissing him lightly on the cheek before hurrying over to meet up with my father.
He exchanged polite goodbyes with them as well and I made sure to avoid eye contact with the three of them as I was still very much embarrassed knowing what they had seen, instead glancing back to where Victor was still standing at the workbench.
He met my gaze and smiled softly before moving a few steps back and leaning against the hood of his car where not long ago I had been sitting and I felt my face start to heat up again. My dad moved behind me and opened the door for me and I stepped forward holding it open as I glanced back once more.
Victor smirked at me and winked before jerking his head motioning for me to go. I turned and followed my father down the hall quicking my steps so I could catch up with him.
"See, I told you you'd find something to do today."
My dad said, shooting a quick glance back at me. I nodded and looked down at the floor as I played everything over in my head.
"Yes dad, you were right. How did your meeting go?"
"It was a nightmare. Everything's a giant mess. That Matthews fellow is probably going to have to go as well as the shop manager. Nothing is done properly, especially the scheduling. Everything was understaffed today except the repairs shop, which for God knows what reason, had only one repair scheduled for the entire day. I'm going to have to overhaul a lot. Say, maybe that, what was his name, Orlov could make a better shop manager..."
He launched into a long winded description of all the various things going wrong here all the way to the car and continued as we both got in. I felt my phone vibrate in my purse and pulled it out.
"Yes, that does sound like it's going to take a long time to fix."
I responded as he finished. He agreed and I opened my phone to see a new message from an unknown number. I clicked on it and felt my heart speed up as I read the short text.
See you tomorrow princess.