Mandy told me about the minivan idea that she and Kaye had cooked up. The way Mandy put it, nothing like driving down the road riding on my hard cock. The bumps in the road would be like a bonus, Mandy whispered as she once more sunk herself onto my Eveready cock.
"OK, all fine by me," I said as Mandy prepped for our little Saturday adventure ride. Just looking at Mandy getting ready for this late summer drive was enough. Sunglasses check. Short skirt, check. Skimpy top, check. High heels check. No underwear check.
Kaye rolled up around 9 in her minivan. Not quite so mini as it had four big armchairs in the back that swivelled 360 degrees, and could be folded flat to more or less sleep on. Mind you, sleeping was the furthest from our minds. Especially seeing what Kaye was wearing, a one piece wrap around type of clingy dress showing perfectly the curve of her medium sized perky breasts...clinging to her firm butt and ending mid thigh. That is mid thigh whilst standing upright, the minute she bent over it would leave little or nothing to the imagination.
Kaye and Mandy looked each other up and down, and then in unison announced: "Perfect!"
Perfect for what I didn't know at the time, but I knew that between these two cock teases a lot of blood would flow to the little head. I just love how women can tease almost any guy, and these two ladies were on the same wavelength.
Now with Mandy driving, and Kaye in the back alongside me. "OK lover, I am ready," Kaye announced as she's hiked her dress up and has her legs spread wide. Instead of giving her my cock I dive into her fanny face first and lick her split peach to get her juices really going.
"Hhmmmmm, that's cheating boy, you will pay!" Kaye says as she wiggles her finger at me. "Now stop licking and give me that cock," she says in a shy manner, fluttering her eyelashes at me.
"C'mon babe, just fuck the little cock teasing slut," Mandy says loudly as we roll to a stop at a traffic light. "No mercy, just ram her full of cock and don't stop fucking until she creams herself," Mandy adds.
Kicking my shorts off I soon drive my always willing dick into Kaye, who is soon yelling vocal encouragements. "Yeah big boy, that's more like it, no tongue.... I want cock!" she huskily growls. Mandy is laughing as she hears the backseat commentary.
Taking charge I sit back and position Kaye over my dick, she wastes no time in sinking my full length into her juicy snatch. Rocking back and forth with my balls trapped between her arse and my thighs, she unbuttons the two buttons that hold her wrap dress together and flings it towards the front of the van. "Find me a bumpy road Mandy, I need to feel this big dick really open me up," Kaye orders to the front.
"Aye aye captain," Mandy cheekily replies as we head off the main road.
"Mmmm, these bumps do feel good don't they lover," Kaye asks me as the combination of my cock and the vibrations from the road made for a rather exciting sensation.
"Yeah, not bad at all, now hop off and face the front, then lay back on me Kaye," I suggested. Kaye promptly dismounts and faces the front of the van. "Reverse cowgirl, my favourite," Kaye moans as she once more guides my slick throbbing cock into her cunt. Leaning back I take hold of her perky tits and roll her nipples between thumb and forefinger.
It's when I reach for her clit and start fingering her whilst my dick is splicing her open that she rapidly goes over the top. "Uurrggghhh, fuck, fuck, oh yes.....mmmmm," Kaye groans and moans whilst her body twitches.
"Oh shit, so soon already," Kaye said out loud. "What's that, my turn already is it?" Mandy asked. "Afraid so," Kaye replied as she grabbed her wrap dress and buttoned up the two buttons protecting her modesty. Mandy pulled over and the girls switched positions after briefly deciding where to go etc.
"Righto you bad little boy, let's see if I can make you blow your wad then," Mandy says as soon as she's got the door shut behind her. As she positions herself in a rear facing seat she spread her legs wide and start to play with her fanny, dipping a finger in, licking it clean with a popping sound and then repeating it. My dick is twitching at the sight of this display.
"Who am I kidding," Mandy says as she climbs onto me and straddles my rigid dick, guiding it into her hungry cunt. "Yes," she hisses as my shaft spreads her open. As her head tilts back we hit a bump that helps her sink down to the hilt, causing a stifled moan from my hot lover. "You are a lucky fucker aren't you, having two hot juicy pussies on your big hard dick in one day huh?" whispers Mandy in my ear as she humps me.
The van comes to a halt and as I look around I see we're at the end of a deserted farm track. "Sorry, but I just have to watch you two fuck yourselves silly," Kaye said. "Can't drive right now, I wanna watch that big cock splice you open Mandy," Kaye huskily said as she turns onto her knees in the front seat.
"Figured as much," Mandy replied as she continued humping me, her juicy snatch squelching around my fat shaft. Her juices were coating my nuts and the whole situation was just so erotic, Kaye watching me fuck my horny girlfriend... Oh shit, this was getting weird.
Pushing Mandy off I told her to get on all fours so I could drill her from behind, this got Kaye a little flustered, as she couldn't see very well. She solved this by getting out and opening the right hand side sliding door of the van. Oh crap, here I am in the middle of farm country, fucking one hot blooded woman from behind while another one watches. It was when Kaye reached in grabbed my arse, then slipped her hand down between my cheeks to cup my ball bag that I lost it. "Uuuhhhh, mmmmmm," was about all I uttered as I pumped Mandy full of spunk with Kaye squeezing my nuts rather firmly.
"Your turn to drive Nick," Mandy announced. "Us girls need to pretty ourselves up for our cock teasing assignment.
"OK ladies," I said as I climbed into my shorts and took the front seat. "Where to then?" I asked.
"Back onto the main road, then to the cafe about ten minutes south," Mandy explained.
Being the end of summer, I guess the ladies' attire was more or less appropriate for the time of year.
At the cafe the girls wanted to stop at I parked the minivan and helped them hop out in a dignified fashion, although neither looked dressed for the occasion really...yummy!
The young fellow doing the waiting started drooling as soon as Kaye leaned forward a little, showing him one of her perky nipples in the process. "Poor fellow, if I spread my legs a little he'll probably blow his load in his pants," Kaye quietly said.
"That sounds like a challenge," Mandy said. "So the loser pays for lunch?" Kaye asked. "Bring it on, let's see if we can make him blow," Mandy said, thus accepting the challenge.
"So what's in it for me?" I asked, not wanting to be left out.
"Oh shut up, you know you'll get to fuck the winner," Kaye said, to which Mandy just nodded in agreement.
The poor waiter didn't really stand a chance; mind you he kept coming to the table too many times. In turn Kaye and Mandy kept showing more and more flesh. Kaye had the advantage in how she was seated, the rest of the guests couldn't see that her dress was split open at the front allowing the young waiter an almost full frontal view of her plumped up freshly fucked pussy... And when she leaned forward only slightly one of her nipples made it's presence known. I have to give the young guy credit for coming back to the table with a difficult to conceal boner.
Mandy was the winner however, as she had the nerve to 'accidentally' elbow the waiters' groin. It was when she did this the second time, he jerked slightly and a wet spot appeared in the front of his pants. He covered it up with the towel he was carrying, and I was pleased that by this time we'd paid the bill and were ready to leave as I didn't want to know what either of the girls would have done next....
As Mandy went to hop in the back with me it was Kaye who spoke up: "That was kind of unfair really, we never said anything about touching him up."
Mandy just said: "No rules really were there? Now drive so I can get some more of Nicks' cock in me."
Kaye agreed in the end and before long we were once more cruising down the highway. With both of us now stark naked, my cock once again balls deep up Mandy. Kaye yelled out: "Hope you're happy back there you cheating little slut, riding that cock again, I should be riding him as you got the last load from him."
Mandy just laughed and said: "Oh shut up, you can always get him to fuck you at work during the week."
"Yeah that's true I guess, I can get his cock almost as often as you huh?" Kaye laughingly replied. As for me, well I guess there's no downside at the moment?? Not entirely true of course, having to service two hot-blooded women on a regular basis is hard work...
That day of riding around in the minivan wasn't repeated. I don't know why really, not that it worried me as having a horny woman driving a van whilst I'm fucking another in the back was never really the safest thing to do.
The competition between the girls would turn out to be a problem in the long term, but for now it was no big deal. I knew that things couldn't go on like this forever of course, but heck, if you're enjoying the now why worry about the future too much?
At work Kaye was getting a little careless about our after hours liaison. The quickies Kaye was addicted to having at work were getting harder to hide and it seemed like it was just a matter of time before we'd get caught in the act.