Chapter 8 - Heather takes Gary in hand - again
Gary was perfectly ready to enjoy a further oral experience with Heather when he turned up to do some more gardening a week or so after his last visit. He was rather expecting it, indeed looking forward to it. Her enthusiasm had been more than a little pleasing the last time!
It was another lovely day as the summer just seemed to go on and on. Nice to enjoy a cup of coffee before he started his work and chat to Heather. Mark was not at home. Once again the white dress and once again the question in his mind about the panties. Why not just ask her?
And should he simply remove his clothes or wait to be invited?
"Well, I'd better start."
"Is Norman well? Did you bring him with you?"
"Nor... oh yes, fine. I'll, err..." It was if they were talking about a dog he had brought. A dog to accompany him whilst he gardened. Norman, though, was not exactly a dog.
Gary, a little self consciously took off his clothes and bent and laced his gardening boots up again. He stood and there was Heather close to him.
"Good morning, Norman."
She had reached and taken hold of his penis and was shaking it up and down like you might shake hands.
"Oh look, Norman's sitting up and begging!"
It was amusing, the analogy with a dog seemed to have been picked up by Heather as if by thought transference, and Norman had indeed stood itself up. No real surprise, given how Gary had been thinking about Heather and then her gently shaking his penis. Once again the strange experience of standing naked and erect with a pretty clothed woman. Was she wearing any panties?
"I mustn't keep you from your gardening. She let go and watched with clear amusement as Gary picked up his fork and walked tumescent across the garden in just his boots to begin his work.
Steady work (not with an erection) and then time for another cup of coffee around eleven o'clock.
Coffee was consumed together with some pleasant conversation. Once more Gary and the clothed Heather. Gary stood up ready for work again.
"Would Norman like to do his thing again?" Heather was very clearly watching Gary's penis to see if she got a reaction. She did.
"I'd be very happy... yes, please." Gary was more than happy to be feeding Heather again.
"Come here then."
Lovely once more to feel the touch of her lips on his penis. Not her hands, just her lips. Gary moving a little closer to the seated, clothed woman and then to feel himself taken into her wet, warm mouth and gently sucked. So nice to stand there in the sunshine and enjoy the attentions of a pretty woman. Wonderful really to enjoy looking at her, looking down her dress in fact, whilst his penis was within her mouth being coaxed to release. It is not normally the done thing to look down a lady's cleavage but when she's sucking on your penis it is perhaps a different matter!
So good to watch her sucking mouth, see her lips move and her eyes looking up at him, watch as a hand was brought up towards him and finger tips lifted his ball sack. Could he perhaps find out a little more about what was inside that strappy white dress? Would she mind, would she like it if he felt her breasts? Would she like him to put his head up inside her dress and taste her?
Gary was just wondering how to phrase a suitable question when what he had been worrying about the other day actually happened. There was no warning, no sound of a car arriving, no clink of a garden gate closing. Mark simply strode around the corner and there before him was his pretty wife and Gary stark naked and, more importantly, Gary's penis in his wife's mouth and she very clearly sucking it.
Suddenly to Gary it seemed as if his luck had run out. All his wonderful sexual adventures of the last year about to culminate in a dreadful scene.
"Hi Gary, hallo dear. Lovely morning!"
Gary tried to pull away, tried to remove his penis from Mark's wife's mouth but the suction, the firm clamping and the hand around his balls prevented movement. He was well and truly caught!
Mark strode towards them in chinos, open neck shirt and sports jacket, just like at the golf club, and put out his hand.
It was one of the most peculiar and amazing moments of Gary's life. He was actually shaking hands with a man whilst completely naked, erect and, moreover, whilst his cock was held in that very man's wife's mouth
"May I join you?"
There seemed complete unconcern on Mark's part. Heather had said they 'swung' but this just seemed so very odd. Gary could almost not believe his eyes. There was Mark stripping off, laying his clothes next to his own, as if he was in the golf club changing room getting ready for a shower and, certainly, Gary did that often enough at the club: but it was not the practice of the golf club for naked men heading for the shower to expose an erection. Gary had never walked naked across the changing room erect with other men, or even all alone in the clubhouse - why would he? And had not seen other men tumescent there either. Naked men, yes, men with soft exposed genitalia, yes, erect penises, no. Yet there he was, all of a moment, with Mark Gamble: both naked and undoubtedly erect and with Mark very deliberately pushing his penis forward close to Gary's for Heather to suck as well.
The contrast between the penes was of course remarkable and embarrassing for Gary. It was what he had always dreaded. His ex wife had made the most disparaging comments about his penis. Had made it difficult for him - for a time - even to achieve an erection. It had taken quite a time to get over that but careful practice in his garden shed had certainly helped. He had done a lot of practice!
But never before had the comparison been possible in the flesh; never before had Gary been visibly naked and erect next to another man and with a woman looking on (or simply visibly erect to another man for that matter!). Had he not been in Heather's mouth he might have lost his erection all together.
As Heather had said before, Mark's penis was long and it was also surprisingly slender. The contrast with Gary startling. Mark's knob, swinging about in the open air inches from Gary's, was streamlined too, So much so that it almost came to a point whereas Gary's knob was squat, fat, rounded and bulbous. The difference between a racing car and a Ford Transit coming into his head. Mark's cock built for speed!
"Hasn't my husband a pretty cock, Gary? Like a flute!"
Her fingers carefully curled around it and she held it up at an angle for Gary to see, lightly pulling at the foreskin bringing the streamlined knob into even more focus.
"Have you ever seen one so long?" Her fingers were fondling it, stroking it as if it was some priceless object to be admired.
Gary was astounded. Heather's lips moved from his cock to Mark's and began to lick it. The whole scene to him bizarre. He was being invited to examine and compare.
"As I told you, Mark, Gary's penis really is not very big but isn't it so lovely and thick with such a powerful looking business end?"
Mark looked at Gary and shrugged his shoulders, "I'm afraid you are a little, um, under endowed, Gary, but Heather seems to like it."
Gary had not expected that, had not expected Heather to have been discussing what they had been doing with Mark. Did he know about feeding the fish?
"Yes, but," said Heather, "a girl likes to be stretched and, what's more, does Gary shoot or doesn't he! You've just got to see him do that. You just have to. You'll be impressed! We fed the fish... I told you about feeding the fish - and me. I'm so tempted to get him to feed me again but you won't really see that. That just won't do. How'd you like to come on my tits, Gary, or my face." Her hands took hold of the two men's cocks and began to wank. "You watch, Mark, you won't believe this. Come on boys, Gary on my right tit, Mark on the left."
"Has Gary stretched you then, yet? Have you Gary?"
Conversation whilst he was standing with his golf friend, both being wanked off. Unbelievable.
"No," said Heather, " we haven't done anything like that - yet"
"If we're going to come on your tits we'd better get them out of that dress. Give us access. Gary, I've done that just a few times before, would you like to do the honours?"
"Really?"
Heather nodded and Gary reached down to the seated woman. His hand going to her cleavage, slipping in and feeling the soft warmth of a breast. Her hand on his penis: his hand on her breast.
"Perhaps," said Mark," it'd be better if you took the whole thing off."
Would he like to help Heather off with her dress? Yes a bit, he had been thinking about that. But it was Mark who was asking! The whole scene was remarkable.
The girl released the two penises, stood up and turned. Gary reached and undid a few buttons at the back.
Heather raised her arms and Gary took hold of the thin cotton and lifted it up and off and folded it over a seat. There were indeed panties! White frilly ones and a bra. Presumably the bra at least needed to come off. Gary reached for the clasp at the back. As the word goes, Heather 'spilled' out of her brassiere. Wonderful things breasts and how they 'spill'!
Gary was appreciative. He stood looking and admiring.
"You can touch if you like." Mark not Heather.
Gary liked. Gary stepped forward. What a scene. A pretty woman in just her white underwear standing with two naked erect men.
Heather's breasts were plump and firm - lovely to take in his hands and weigh them up and down. A gentle lifting. One of the many wonderful differences between men and women. Heather was blond haired so, not surprisingly, there was a lack of pigmentation to the areolae and nipples: a pale pink. His finger tips closed on the nipples. He looked at his golfing friend. Mark raised an eyebrow.
"Yes," said Gary, "um, nice breasts. Very nice. Faultless - lovely!"
Complimenting a man on his wife's breasts whilst holding them - well actually just her nipples. The pale pink erect nipples held lightly between his finger tips. Not the sort of thing you did every day.
Heather sat again, just in her white panties. It seemed they were not coming off. The idea, then, had not progressed to jointly engaging between Heather's legs, not to engage in sexual intercourse: the spurting was going to be public not private! Not shared copulation but a public demonstration of ejaculatory prowess. Despite the embarrassment of his stumpy erection Gary felt he would not disgrace himself in that way even if he had last come only the night before. A pity, almost, that he had not had a couple of days of abstinence to build up his seminal reservoirs but Zoe had asked him to have another go at inseminating her and of course he had helped his friend out. Been delighted to, what was more. Not exactly the most prolonged act of intercourse, though - again.
It had been like putting the stallion to the mare. It was all over very quickly. He had waited, as instructed, in the darkness of her garden for her to come downstairs post intercourse with Tom but, as Zoe had whispered to him on her eventual appearance, Tom was not asleep but reading - something he never did after fucking and she had just nipped down for a glass of water. Could he be quick? Could he just do the job? She had just settled herself flat across the kitchen table on her front, her hand had hitched her nightie up so her rear, exposing her bottom and she had simply waited for Gary to 'service' her. Of course he had been pleased to do it; had risen easily to the erotic sight of a feminine bottom and spread legs and simply slipped his erection into Zoe's already well lubricated - well inseminated actually - passage and begun to push away.
Gary smiled at the memory of Zoe whispering, "Quietly!"
The vigour of his work in the kitchen had made rather a squelching sound, perhaps it was the girth of his erection meaning the connection was particularly tight, perhaps it was simply the wetness of it all but he recalled being very hopeful Tom would not hear. Not good to be discovered like that. Not good for Tom to suddenly appear in the kitchen puzzled by the noise and find Gary making babies with his wife!
As Zoe had requested Gary had been able to bring himself to a speedy climax - very animalistic. No sooner had he done than Zoe was wriggling to be free. Hurrying to get her glass of water.
"Sorry Gary it was so quick... again Thanks though. I'll make it up to you. Another time - whatever you want to do - for however long!" She'd kissed him on the lips. Squeezed his penis and hurried off upstairs leaving him naked, still erect and dribbling. Gary had switched off the light and quietly let himself out into the night and closed the French Windows.
It had been a nice ejaculation in Zoe's kitchen but a bit more playing around would have made it all the better. Too much of a 'quickie,' again. On the other hand, he had quite liked the idea of being brought in stud like to 'service' Zoe.
A quickie with Zoe the night before but at Mark and Heather's things were going a little slower if not towards actual sexual intercourse. Gary watched Heather working both Mark and his own erections - their foreskins sliding. He had never had this experience - being wanked off with a friend by a pretty girl. It had never happened to him as a boy, he had never found himself in that sort of situation with a friend. He had not wanked with a friend, been wanked by a friend or had the better experience of being wanked together with a friend by a girl. Perhaps a bit late in life but he was catching up. Quite exciting really, quite interesting watching Heather's hand working on Mark but every so often giving both cocks a bit of a rest, leaving them standing there close to her breasts. It was good just to look, just to see the juxtaposition of penises and lovely breasts. Nice to seeing her raise her hands again and watch them slowly approach the penises - the anticipation of the touch exciting.
Heather laughed as she worked the cocks with enthusiasm, "This is fun. I wonder who'll come first? Do you think I'm aiming right?"
"Careful Heather or I'll..."
"No, Mark, you've got to come. There is no 'or.' No holding back, give us your best," giggle, "shot!"
Gary watched as Mark's penis, close to Heather's left nipple began to ejaculate. One spurt and then another, followed by a steady running of creamy semen out onto the breast. A reasonable load, Gary thought and interesting to see another man ejaculating. You got used to seeing yourself but quite different seeing somebody else. It was a completely different angle of view and, of course, you were somewhat the disinterested observer - you were not having the intense feeling of orgasm yourself! Interesting watching Heather's hand work and then, all of a sudden, out the stuff came. A respectable ejaculation though, he thought, he would do rather - if not a lot - better.
He did, of course.
Heather's hand was still moving Mark's erection but the flow seemed to have stopped. Her other hand was working Gary. All three of their attention on the two penises.
"May I?" It seemed polite but also a bit silly to ask. It was about to happen anyway - whatever the answer!
"Of course, Gary, please do!" said Mark.
And Gary did. Gary was not as close to Heather's breasts as Mark had been but his strong first spurt of creamy cum easily bridged the gap landing right on Heather's right breast, a more powerful second splashed against the nipple and then a third and fourth spurt shot from his stumpy little erection - and still more came, splattering her breast.
Gary smiled to himself as his penis stopped producing - he had, not at all, let himself down. Heather's right breast was being covered with little ropes of cum, some catching her nipple, elongating and threatening to drop onto her white panties. Heather's left breast, whilst very clearly showing the results of an ejaculation, was much more sparsely covered in translucent droplets. There was at least twice as much cum, very possibly more, on the right compared to the left breast and it had been equally obvious it had been placed there with the greater force.
Heather was laughing as her hands played with the softening penises.
"You win that Gary. I'd have choked again today if you'd come in my mouth - I think! Now what about a taste test?"
A finger to her left breast. A dollop of cum on her finger and conveyed ot her mouth: then a finger to her right breast and that dollop tasted as well.
Gary liked the sight. A pretty blond girl sitting dressed in just white panties, her breasts decorated with pearls of creamy semen slicking up a little on a finger and bringing it to her mouth and popping it in. Real eroticism.
"You were drinking last night weren't you Mark? Gary's is the sweeter. Your cum is definitely a bit bitter - today." Another dollop of Gary's on her fingers and then slipped into her mouth.
For a moment it looked like she was going to offer the men a taste. It was the smile, the twinkle in her mouth and the pregnant pause as she twirled a finger in the semen which gave the impression.
"I'm going to have to have a shower. What a mess!" Her hands on her breasts rubbing the semen around to make the point. "What a mess and look how sticky my hands are now." She was rubbing them together in front of her, hands sticky, stuff between her fingers, mixing Gary and Mark's semen together. It was deliberate, very deliberate. Clearly she thought, or rather knew, men like seeing their semen played with by a woman. Like to think what they do is appreciated. Gary was not going to forget in a hurry the sight of Heather's cum strewn breasts, her fingers playing with it, spreading it over her skin and then rubbing it between her hands.
"Well Mark. What do you think of Gary's cock now, then? Gary certainly cums doesn't he?"
"Yeah, OK, I have to hand it to you, Gary. You win that contest. Impressive. Perhaps we should call you 'Spunky Roldern' at the club!"
"I'd rather you didn't."
"Not really likely is it! I'm hardly going to tell everyone you've been fucking my wife."
"I haven't been..."
"But you will, Gary, you will!"