So Alexa had given me a digital camera that I had wanted for quite some time, but the learning curve for all the features was a bit steep. Our friend Jonathan was helping me and suggested joining him at the local Community College for their instructional class, and I agreed. I went to two, learned a lot, met many friends, and then the semester ended. At the last class, Jonathan invited our group of friends in the class to his house for swimming and a barbeque. He asked me to bring Alexa to model, and everyone could try out the techniques they learned. I was surprised by that, but Jonathan adores Alexa and it sounded hot to me. No one else had met her.
Later, I discussed this with Alexa, and her face grew red with embarrassment. I told her she would be in a swimsuit plus other apparel, depending if the guys brought anything for her to wear. The unknown frightened her, and she trembled as her imagination ran wild. "Promise me I will be dressed?" she asked as a question more than as a statement.
"So we'll just see how things go, but I'm not promising you anything, honey," I said. She is so shy about her body and knowing she'll be the only female there was making her uncomfortable. If you could see her, you'd think she was crazy, as she's drop dead adorable, with a petite figure, slim hips, more tomboy than voluptuous woman. But for whatever reason, she has this shyness and insecurity about herself that I just love and want to exploit. It's not cruel, as I know she wants to be more confident and needs a gentle push to open up more. We've discussed this for hours, and I know what makes her tick, in spite of her protestations.
Saturday afternoon arrived, and I selected her outfit: high waisted shorts that were not tight, showing all of her legs and then some. Her bum showed slightly, and she wore pink and white cotton panties with little lace bands around the top and leg bottoms. Not really sexy other than in a very innocent way. Also a flattering pink bikini top without straps. She can make anything look good on her body, but this was not overtly sexual. Some wedges cause she likes to look taller, and that was it. Her legs and bare midriff were the best parts! She had a nice tan as the summer was just winding down, and we love the beach and friends' pools.
On the ride over to Jonathan's, she was shaking from nerves and goosebumps all over. She asked me to turn off the A/C as she was shivering. I reassured her and told her I'd make sure she was perfectly safe and comfy. Ok, so I wasn't entirely accurate about the comfy part. She asked who was going to be there and I told she didn't know anyone but Jonathan. Plus some guys from the photography class. She said she didn't know how to model, and I told her we would pose her and just relax, it will be fun. I knew she was genuinely scared and self conscious, but I also knew her little heart would soon be pounding out of her chest with excitement from pushing her limits.
We walked around back to the pool, and Jonathan plus two of the guys were there talking photography. They gave Alexa a very warm greeting with hugs, and she seemed relieved that at least Jonathan was there to make her feel more comfortable. He offered her what I think was pink lemonade and vodka, and she made the mistake of drinking it quickly, probably due to her nerves. Then another one, and she was relaxed and a bit unsteady. Alexa is not going to drink anyone under the table. and very quickly feels her alcohol. I chuckled under my breath, as she is funny and quite adorable especially when she loosens up. The guys began posing her and snapping away. She seemed comfortable and stood in the shallow end of the pool as they directed her what to do.
Then the rest of the party showed up, our other three friends from class. I could see from the looks on their faces, they were stunned at how lovely my wife was. Everyone was overly solicitous to make her feel at ease. Everyone got the poses and pics they wanted, and then asked Alexa to take the shorts off, presuming she had the rest of her bikini underneath. Well, she just had those cotton panties, so I gently asked her to remove the shots, and she complained about having the panties on. I said they are not see-through, and truthfully covered much more than a bikini bottom. After much encouragement from the guys, she pulled the elastic waisted shorts down and let them fall to her feet. I saw a couple jaws drop, as the panties were way sexier than a bikini bottom would have been.
The soft fabric wrapped itself around her girlie parts showing every indentation and folds down there. She blushed a deep crimson and asked for another drink. She carried that into the water and resumed taking instruction on poses. Soon she was wet all over, and her panties seemed like a second skin revealing her pussy in glorious detail, even though being completely covered. She didn't look down, probably afraid to see for herself. She looked so innocent and beautiful, and I could not have been more proud of her. The compliments never ended, and certainly were heart felt. Everyone took a break, partly to let Alexa steady herself from the vodka. I could see her hands slightly trembling, but her eyes told me she was happy and not afraid. She was all smiles and I'm sure she enjoyed basking in the stream of compliments.
So lots of laughing, joking, and innocent touching, when someone asked her if she could remove her top. It got quiet, and Alexa blushed again and said she didn't have the nerve to do that. The guys reminded her it would be so erotic to have her playing in the water topless, great for the photos. Someone came up behind her and placed his hands on her sides and just up to her bikini top. He asked if he may remove the top for her and she squeezed her legs together and her arms tightened down on his while she totally blushed. She looked at me for either help or permission, and I told her we would love to see her little figure. She loosened her arms and Paul, behind her, unhooked her top and dropped it to the ground. Alexa covered herself with her arms the best she could. There were audible ooohs and ahhhs, as the girl is simply outrageously gorgeous.
I smiled with pride and the others hugged her while she continued to hold her arms across her chest for some cover. She went back into the pool and found refuge under the water. Pictures were taken in the hundreds, and the guys encourage Alexa to change poses, and finally got her arms down. She relaxed more and more, and threw caution to the wind, walked into shallow water and stood dripping from her head down to her knees. Her nipples were hard like pebbles and the soaked panties continued to give away any secrets she may have been concealing! I could tell she was finally adjusting and relaxing, and being swept away with the adrenaline and alcohol rush undoubtedly going on inside her slight body.
So many pictures were taken, and breaks where they guys chatted her up and flirted. I kept a close eye on her, held her next to me much of the time, and let her enjoy being the center of attention, something I believe she does crave, in spite of her nervousness and embarrassment. The guys pulled her from me good naturedly and hugged her again and caressed her in innocent places, arms, neck, face, legs. She backed up against Jonathan, who was seated in a barstool, and his hands slipped around her waist and down to the tops of her thighs. She visibly shivered, it was easy to tell how aroused she had become. Most of the time her arms and hands would be covering her breasts, but when she spoke and gestured with her hands, her naked breasts came more and more into sight.
She reached down to stop Jonathan's hands from wandering too close to her pantied pussy, and another guy added her hands above her breasts and slightly down over them. She raised her hands to stop his from continuing their path downward, and Jonathan's drifted lightly over her panties and dragged across the impression of her pussy. She gasped and froze, as she has a tendency to do when so arroused. He moved her fingers softly around her pussy and her head fell back onto his shoulder and her lips parted. Then her breasts were covered by two other hands, ownership of which was not always easy to determine. Everyone was crowded closely around her, leaving just enough personal space for her to not feel trapped.
Alexa lazily rolled her head toward me and locked eyes, as I smiled and blew her a kiss and mouthed "I love you". She smiled and closed her eyes and let happen what I was hoping for. She was beyond control with the heat of the moment. She calmly let them grope her body, no longer stopping anyone. She leaned further back against Jonathan and we watched her hips gently undulating to his touch. He touched her so softly over the wet panties, she appeared to be suffering and wanting more, but he just continued as before while it began to drive her crazier and crazier. Finally, they picked her up and laid her on the lounge chair, and peeled her panties down over her thighs and ankles. The pushed her legs open and studied her parts which were totally bare. I'm not even sure who it was that worked his way between her legs and licked up her thighs to her clitoris, but her body went rigid when he found the spot. The others groped her breasts and held their hands over the muscles in her tummy as she clenched often to the licking.
Then her hips slowly rose up and she clenched, gasped, and moaned her way through her orgasm. Finally her hips fell back to the lounge and they guys took turns licking, then slipping fingers into her holes, and sawing in and out of her very softly. It wasn't long before she came again, then again. Jonathan said that was enough, give her room, and everyone backed away. I am sure they all wanted their own satisfaction, but Jonathan saved me from having to end things myself. Things went far enough for now. I picked Alexa up and asked her if she wanted to get dressed, and she said she wouldn't mind staying naked, and everyone laughed.
The rest of the day I'll save for another story.