"So are we going to the Sylvia?" April asks.
"Why yes we are." Greg Responds.
"How did you get this all planned out?" She asks.
"Well I got ahold of Connie and she said she was surprised I hadn't called her sooner." He said.
"So what's your plan?" She inquires with a sexy smirk.
"Well you will just have to find out." Is his return with a similar grin.
Their drive up is very enjoyable, with music, fun conversation of past trips, and stays in Vancouver. He shifts his free hand to find a welcome home between her thighs. He works it up so his little finger is teasing the satin of her panties beneath her dress. She had surprised him with the new outfit after he handed her a bag to pack for the night away. His bag was already in the car waiting for them. She slipped on the dress when he was dealing with Connie, and instructing the boys on behavior. She saunters down the stairs surprising him with her new look.
Feeling her warmth as he glides over her sex, it has him rock hard. He presses a little harder to slip into her cleft. Teasing and playing the whole way up has them so turned on orgasm are going to be quick and powerful.
After checking in, they go to park the car. As he goes to retrieve their bags April leans into the back of the car acting like she was going to grab them, but more in an effort to tease again. She hikes up the hem of her outfit to flash her ass showing off the panties she know he loves.
With a satisfying smack his hand lands on her backside. Stinging but arousing she turns to look at him and asks if he was going to even them up, or leave her hanging. Without hesitation he lands his answer on the other cheek.
Greg grabs the bags and they both turn to see that they had an unexpected audience of a young woman. Biting her lip and smiling, they all stop and just exchange looks. Without missing a beat April turns to the young woman and says.
"You should see us when we've had a couple of drinks!"
With that wrapping her arm around him grabs his ass and starts walking to the elevator. In the elevator they giggle and joke about the encounter. His hands full of bags he can't stop her hand from rubbing his cock through his shorts.
Getting to the room he drops the bags, turns to grab April, and toss her on the bed. Kicking off her flip-flops while he starts to reach under her skirt to pull down her panties. With just a few motions as possible, her skirt is up, legs spread and his lips on her waxed smooth pussy. Feigning a protest, she succumbs to his tongue on her clit. Licking with abandon, his tongue going from the entrance all the way to her sensitive spot and back. Climbing quicker than she has in a while her orgasm right on the edge. She is so wet it is coating his lips and chin. He pushes her up and over the edge to body shaking.
Reaching down April grips Gregs head and pulls him up for a deep kiss.
"I need your cock!" she says with a lustful demanding tone.
He stands to undo his shorts but she is already doing it for him. As they hit the floor her mouth takes in the head. A few deep sucks combined with a deep look into his eyes as she pulls it out of her mouth. Laying back pulling Greg on top she spreads wide for it. One well placed thrust, he sinks deep into her. Moans fill the air as he pumps quickly. Her orgasm builds with each motion. Without warning it rolls over her, and his climax joins hers.
Collapsing into each other they catch their breath. Not wanting to waste their short freedom, they straighten what they are still wearing to head out. Greg reaches for his shorts, April stops him and once again puts him in her mouth. A few sensual eye contact sucks later she tells him he can pull his shorts up. Pulled together they leave for dinner.
All through dinner they tease and play. Her hand on his member. His hand up her skirt. Not caring if they are being watched. After dinner and dessert as they are walking back, Greg stops her and tells her something is bothering him.
"What is it?" April inquires.
"Well... and with a quick motion he lifts her skirt and pulls down her already soaked panties, and puts them in his pocket.
"Those are what's bothering me." Greg returns.
"We can't go to a bar for a late night drink with you wearing those." He proclaims.
"Sounds good to me." She says.
They find a bar close to hotel. Finding a cozy place to sit next to each other they order drinks. The atmosphere is mellow but kinda sensual with lighting just right and music the same. After sipping their drinks for a moment Greg slips his hand once again up her skirt. April shifts just right to let him in but to not announce she is getting fingered. Her hand reaches over to feel him through his shorts but ends up going up the leg. Fingers find her very slick, and use that to love her tender button. Her exploring has found him very hard, and the head to starting to get slippery. They enjoy the drinks but are enjoying the fondles more. His minstrations ease her closer and closer to an orgasm. Their conversation slows and she gets achingly close. With a slight adjustment to his work her climax rolls over her perfectly. Greg leans in for a quick kiss and withdraws his hand. Downing his last gulp he whispers he will return and heads to the bathroom.
When he gets back there are two more drinks and April with her hand on a napkin. A look of shock, bewilderment, and lustful arousal is on her face. She had pulled up her skirt to almost showing herself off to him. As he sits she bites her lip in only they way she can and hands him the napkin. Greg looks at it and turns it over. Written in a woman's handwriting on it is.
"I have been watching you two since you walked in. I found your performance better than any porn I have ever seen. These two drinks are on me. I was wondering if you would like to preform like that for an audience of me when I get done working here in twenty minutes?"
Your turned on server.
April's hand had found its place again, and Greg looked to her face to judge her response. She lovingly rubbed him as she asked what he thought.
"Sounds interesting." Greg replied Are you interested?
With a squeeze of his cock she leans in to kiss him deeply. As their lips part she says "Yes I want you to Fuck, suck and lick me till I can't stand anymore infront of her."
April takes the napkin and writes a reply under her note with the pen she left.
"Yes please come be our audience of one but you must be naked as you watch us on the bed. We are staying at the Sylvia room 506."
They finish the drinks and wave the server over to pay. April hands her the note. She reads it smiles, puts it in her pocket and says the drinks are on her and she will see them shortly.
In a state of lustful excitement and nervous jitters April and Greg quickly make it back to their room. Fondles and kisses fill the elevator as they head up. Once in the room April pulls out a sexy little number out of her bag, while Greg pulls out some new boxers he got for the occasion. With a sly smile April runs to the bathroom to change so she can model her new outfit. Wasting no time Greg puts on his shorts, makes the bed look presentable, sets up a comfortable chair for their audience, and takes his place on the bed. April emerges in her new short nighty. She is a picture of sexy. She scans the room to make sure all is well, then joins him on the bed.
On their knees they hold each other close and begin to kiss very deeply. Like each other was air needed to survive. He runs his hand up to her breast to experience a her very hard pert nipples trying to Pierce the saitn in arousal. A sigh and moan slips through her lips as his touch sends bolts from her nipples to the hairs on the back of her neck to her very wet clit.
As their hands explore, just as they reach the spots that will send each other to climax there is a soft knock on the door. Startled but with a peak of intense arousal they stop and both head to the door. April looks through the peep hole to see their audience for the evening. She is standing there in her work clothes of a short skirt and tight baby tee and brilliant chin length red hair. April turns and kisses Greg deeply with such need. She then opens the door. A smile breaks across all of them of anticipation and jitters. No words are spoken, April reaches for the girls hand and leads her in. Stopping infront of the chair she drops her hand and climbs onto the bed pulling Greg with her.
Greg comes up behind April kneeling with his arms around her. His hands once again gliding over the satin. The girl begins to take off her clothes. Her shirt, then her short skirt. Her bra and panties match in wonderful red. She turns once around to showcase her body before taking off her bra. Her panties next, then settles into the chair and spreads her thighs. Her sex is smooth except a small strip of red hair above her cleft. His finger playing with her nipple Aprils body lustful for his touch. The young woman starts to run her hands down her body. He follows the same pattern on his lover. Just as he reaches her pussy he dips his finger in and sends jolts through April as she sees the girl do the same to herself. Arching her back in pleasure she reaches back to grip his cock. Rubbing, dipping, back to finger tip circles, her clit is just on fire an orgasm rushing in like a massive wave. Aprils body is rocked by the sensation. Each movement sending her higher and higher. Pushing his hand away and turning she lays on the bed so she can take his cock in her mouth with a view for her audience. His cock still tasting of her wet and the fresh precum on the tip. She loses herself in the moment to suck. Her mind onfire as his member fills her mouth with his fingers one her sex. Feeling his excitement build she feels her own ready to join him. She sucks, and strokes him until his moans and sighs tune her into his orgasm. Just as he starts to cum she pulls him out of her mouth to paint her lips. As she first feels, and tastes him, his clit rubbing sends her on her next climax.
With his excitement still on her lips April looks over to see the redead rubbing her glistening sex. As they lock eyes, Greg leans down to take Aprils pussy into his mouth. His licking is direct and intense, yet not fast. Her back arches at the sensation. Circles of perfect pressure send her head spinning again. He keeps it up going just a little faster and a little firmer. Orgasm is right on the edge, she looks at the girl in the chair rubbing. Her breath saying she is close pushes April to cum. With that the redhead joins her orgasm.
April can't seem to catch her breath as Greg moves from his position to one where he flips her ass up. She grabs a pillow and puts it under her. A loud satisfying crack of a spank fills the room making her ass cheek hot. Lining up he takes position behind her. The head of his cock rubs her wetness, to then slip in once again with one perfect deep stroke. The sensation send her off the deep end. She grips the bed as he moves in and out with precision. Thrusting faster and faster it all becomes a blur. The only thing she can feel is his hands on her hips, his sweat dripping on her lower back, and his cock lighting her pussy on fire. Her first orgasm shoots through her like a shot. The next one building but achingly close. Greg reaches forward and runs his fingers into her hair. Close to her scalp her grips firmly but not painfully. Pulling her head back just enough, send the next climax over her. Hearing her voice as she gets there sets his in motion. With a few final thrusts he unloads. His grip loosens and falls away. Collapsing on her, he rolls her into him as they face the redhead laying on their sides. Her fingers still softly running over her sex she thanks them for the show.
In a fog they thank her for her showing off to them. She asks them if they had done that before. "No" April says Greg asked "Have you ever done anything like this?"
"I haven't." She returns. "Would you do it again?" She asks.
April turns her head up to Greg. Planting a deep sensual kiss, she turns back and says, " I think I would really enjoy that, and I think he likes the idea too."