**This is not a series, just a reoccurring character put in unrelated stories**
Who is Emma?
Emma is a fictional version of my wife that can be subjected to all of our fantasies.
What does she look like?
Emma is blessed with the looks of my wife. A 5 foot 5 inch redheaded bombshell.
Anything else readers should know?
Unless specifically stated, these stories are not sequels. Meaning the experiences Emma had in one story do not carry over to the Emma in another story.
____________________
KEEP THE BLINDFOLD ON:
The note attached just said, "Wear it tonight. I'll take care of the rest." Emma found it when she reached into her bag for her car keys. She hurried up and got in the car to have a better look at the box. It was obviously a sex toy, and apparently a wearable one, but it was shift change and there were far too many other nurses filtering through the hospital parking garage that morning to analyze it closely. So, she exited the garage and look for a less populated area.
Emma was more than familiar with the concept of a wearable vibrator. She had two of her own that she had worn out a couple times each. The first wearable toy she bought was to be worn in her underwear, against her clit. The other was her favorite sex toy. It was bulb-shaped and worn inside against her g-spot. Driving away from work, she thought back to the concerts and movies and casinos where she had worn them.
After pulling into a nearby hotel parking lot, which was full, but not very active at 8am, she took it out of her purse and opened the box. The remote control wasn't in there and the toy itself was different than either of her own. It was c-shaped and had two buttons on the top. When she pressed one, it came to life.
To her surprise, both ends vibrated. The feel of it was smooth and supple, and the vibrations were not just a buzz. It rumbled and shook in her hand. As she adjusted the buttons on top, she finally started to wonder who left it for her. There was no way she would wear it for her next shift, but who wanted her to in the first place? There were only two men that worked on her unit and she was fairly certain neither of them was on the schedule, so that meant it had to be a woman that wanted to control her. A woman wanted to make her wet...drive her wild...make her cum.
Emma began to cycle through the possible faces in her mind, but then allowed herself to think of the bodies, of curves and hips and tits and butts covered loosely by scrubs. She was barely aware that she had stopped pressing buttons and was moving the vibrating hand between her legs. When the toy touched the crotch of her pants, the scrubs covering her coworkers came off. She pictured the bodies of a dozen women all wanting her and watching her.
"Whoa!" She said it to herself but put both hands out like she was stopping someone in front of her. Then she laughed because there was a pink sex toy wrapped around the crook of her thumb.
She looked around the area wondering what the hell she was doing masturbating in a hotel parking lot at 8am, but saw the only people moving around were up near the entrance loading their luggage. She bit her lip and considered for a moment.
Analytically she pressed the button that began the vibrations. Pressing it repeatedly predictably made the vibrations stronger. Pressing the other button reduced them until they stopped.
Again, she surveyed the lot. There were still only a few people, loading two cars far away by the door.
She tilted her head to look through the windshield up at the hotel, and she saw that every window she could see had a curtain drawn.
"Eh, what the hell," she said with a shrug while turning it about halfway up and returning it to the seam of her pants. The all-female line-up of co-workers returned to her mind. It occurred to her that whoever left the toy in her purse had probably also masturbated thinking about her. Suddenly her mind was filled with naked nurses touching themselves, legs spread exaggeratively like porn stars.
Emma switched the toy into her left hand and reached into the glovebox. With the deft one-handed movements of an experienced parent; she opened the emergency pack of baby wipes, removed the seal, and retrieved a wipe without ever stopping the good work of her other hand. She then lifted the toy, gave it a quick wipe, and moved it into her underwear.
She flopped over on the steering wheel, driving the vibrations up and down in her lips against her bodyweight, thinking about how much some woman, a woman she knows, would love to see her in this state. How wet would they be watching her? A woman wanted her, wanted to touch her, wanted to put her tongue where her hand was getting soaked. The women in her mind were turning on each other. Her co-worker's wet rough tongues tasting things Emma could only imagine. Then they with her, and it was their hands grinding the vibrations into her clit. In her mind, she was in the center of them with female hands and mouths all over her body.
These thoughts pushed her over the edge. She moaned loudly, resting her face against the top of the steering wheel, without considering if the car would contain the sound, or looking to see if more people had entered the lot. She came hard, shivering and bucking, and she wasn't' even sure what part of her honked the horn.
She looked up in good-humored surprise and saw that although no one was close by, all eyes were drawn to the person sitting alone at the edge of the parking lot who just honked their horn. She quickly put the toy next to her, started the car, and left the parking lot. There were two exits, but she made sure to choose the one that went by all the people by the door. She waved at their curious faces, laughing with herself.
_____________________
Emma's husband, Jason, normally tried to keep the kids out of the house, after nights that Emma worked, so she could sleep better. That day he had taken them to Grandma's all day and Emma slept like a stone. Until, that is, she woke up in the early afternoon to the feeling of a hand in her panties. She reflexively jerked to swat Jason away, only to realize that it was her own hand. She must have started masturbating in her sleep.
She couldn't remember ever touching herself in her sleep, but even her bleary, half-awakened mind could understand that she would only know if it had woken her up. At first, she told herself it must have been because she had cum in public. That had always turned her on. After all, she did have two wearable vibrators of her own for that reason. Or, maybe, it's because she didn't say anything to Jason, so it felt like a naughty secret. That was plausible, but her reason for not doing so wasn't devious. Jason was already on the highway when she got home. Then she knew. Lying alone in the darkness provided by her blackout curtains, her whole body warmed, remembering the thought that was on the front of her mind as she woke. A woman was responsible for that morning's orgasm.
Not only had a woman caused the whole situation, but Emma had cum thinking about other women touching themselves and each other...and her. Women she would see tonight, and one of them wanted her bad enough to make such a bold move. She felt desired on a much different level than when Jason looked at her, "that way."
It both made sense and confused her. It made sense in the way a compliment from a stranger could often flatter her more than a compliment from her husband. Jason's love for her would always keep Emma beautiful in his eyes, so other people's opinions were just more objective. What confused her is that she didn't feel flattered, she felt aroused. Like a lot of women, she had made out with a friend or two and even had a bit of a girl crush, but that didn't mean..." Well," she thought clearly, "it doesn't mean anything unless it meant something."
She thought back through time to her crush on Victoria, with the big green-blue eyes always heavily framed with black eyeliner. She would have fallen into them if Victoria had let her. Emma stirred at the memory and her fingers walked their way back into her underwear. Once they found their destination, she continued to explore her memories. There was Miranda, her second college roommate. Emma didn't just kiss her, she felt her up. Also, there was another factor about that night that she had never taken the time to consider. Emma and Miranda didn't stop themselves. Someone else had broken them apart because they were getting carried away.
Lying in bed lightly touching herself to the thoughts and memories of other women, Emma couldn't be certain that she and Miranda would have stopped at all, on their own. Emma couldn't be certain that, left to her own decisions for just a minute longer, she wouldn't have had her hand in Miranda's pants and rubbed her the same way she was touching herself to the idea of it. Emma couldn't be certain that given a few more minutes they wouldn't have been shedding clothes in the middle of a party. Emma's body started to writhe under the blankets as the unsolicited image of Miranda's head between Emma's smooth white thighs appeared in her mind.
She decided to finish what her fingers had started, but this time wanted something inside of her. Emma reached into the top drawer of her nightstand and pushed the pile of underwear aside to retrieve a vibrating dildo. She closed her eyes and habitually pumped it in and out of herself beginning her usual fantasy, being with some muscular hardbody that would have resembled Jason if he spent 6 hours a day at the gym. This time, though, other images were getting in the way. Emma started to wonder if the silicone dick inside of her was what a strapon might feel like. The hardbody gave way to a nondescript female body that had some manner of black belt around her hips. Both images were too thin to get anywhere because her mind didn't seem to want the man, but she couldn't clearly picture the woman.
Unable to straighten out her fantasy, she removed the toy and held the vibrating tip against her clitoris. Only her clit made her cum anyway and the vibrations quickly began to melt away her confusion. Now it was images of earlier in the morning, masturbating in her car. She knew that the people outside were looking at her after she accidentally honked the horn, but what if they had noticed her before? Maybe someone saw her cumming, saw her moaning and writhing against the steering wheel. Thinking of the very real possibility that she was caught or watched brought on the release she was after. Emma's moans echoed through the empty house. She always felt more satisfied if she could make a little noise. A moment later her second orgasm was just an echo of the first, but the third carried a jolt of adrenaline and for some reason it made Emma laugh. Afterward, she lay in the tousled bed, smiling.
"Whoever you are, I get the feeling you know something I don't." It was just a thought, but it was whispered.
Emma got up and took a shower, starting her typical pre-work routine. It felt normal and calmed both her mind and body. Soon, Jason would be home without the kids (who were staying behind at Grandma's for the weekend) to eat dinner. Since she was awake early, she thought maybe they should eat out. This would both be a rare treat and would keep Jason from attacking her overstimulated body while they had the house to themselves. So, she called,
and Jason answered, "You're up early."
"I am, and I want to eat out."
"That's what I was planning to do." (That man never let a sex pun go by)
"How about Mexican?"
"I was hoping for redhead, but I suppose I can settle for Mexican. I'm closer to there than home. How about we meet there in about 20-25 minutes?"
"Sounds good to me. I'm all ready to go."
"Wow, you must have been up really early"
"Yeah, I couldn't sleep well. I had a weird morning. I'll tell you about it at dinner. Love You."
"Okay...love you, too. Bye."
Emma needed to talk with Jason, and she was glad that she had now committed herself to that conversation. He was Emma's best and oldest friend, the biggest part of her support structure. Emma needed to talk with him, but wasn't really sure what talk she needed to have. Something was becoming apparent to her that she wouldn't even allow her own thoughts to articulate. She decided that she would just lay out the facts and see where the conversation landed.
Emma beat Jason to the restaurant by about 10 minutes, and when he arrived, he was obviously curious about what was keeping her awake. He seemed a little too concerned, so Emma assured him, before they were seated, that it wasn't anything serious. However, by the time they sat down and ordered waters, his patience was wearing thin.
"Spill the beans. What's goin' on with you. You seem a little apprehensive."
"I got hit on this morning."
"It must have been pretty overt to have you so flustered. What happened? Did you go somewhere this morning?"
"It is, I mean it was. Well, really it's kinda still happening, and it was at work."
"I don't get it."
She lowered her voice, "Someone at work left a remote control vibrator in my purse, and she wants me to wear it tonight."
"She?"
"Yes, she."
"What does she look like?"
"You perv."
"I'm just trying to get all the information here."
"You don't care that someone else is trying to screw me?"
"I don't mind if it's a woman."
"I'm sure."
"No, I'm serious. As long as you give me the details, I'd love for you to be with women. Now that it's come up, I'm actually a little disappointed that it upset you so much that you couldn't sleep."
"Well, 'upset' isn't exactly what it made me. I couldn't sleep because I was masturbating, once before bed and again when I woke up already touching myself."
"I'm sorry you didn't get much sleep, but is it weird if this is about the hottest story I've ever heard?"
"I think it's weird that you want me to sleep around."
"It's not like that. If you got all horny for some ripped guy with a huge dick, I would see that as you want something better than me, and that would make me feel lesser and insignificant. But a woman? I'm not a woman, so we aren't competitors physically. Plus, how is this surprising? You know all my fantasies are you with women."
"I just figured you wanted a threesome."
"To be clear I wouldn't turn one down. However, you being with a woman, for you, would be way sexier than you being with a woman, for me. And if you're saying it turns us both on, then why shouldn't it be part of our sex life."
"I'm not sure what about it turned me on, but this really works for you doesn't it?"
"I could cut glass with the erection under this table. But, if this is a serious conversation, there would have to be some hard and fast rules."
"Like what? Remember, I got turned on by one proposition from one girl, I'm not quite ready to be fitted for my rainbow leggings."
"RULE #1: It would only work if it were fun for both of us. This is OUR sex life, so I would need the stories from you. I don't mean that you'd have to stop at the front door and give a 'mission report' to get in the house. Just that we'd have to be able to talk about it. You letting me know what you liked and what you did would be an incredible turn-on. That way we both get to have fun with it."
"I like that one. I like that it would be for both of us even if you're not there."
"I'm sure you aren't surprised that I've thought about this before. Which brings me to RULE #2: Absolutely no other men anywhere. Not watching, not in the same house, not on facetime, not getting pictures, nowhere."
"None but you, of course."
"That's the great part about making the rules, sweetheart."
"Well don't get your hopes up, stud."
"Oh, I will. I'm ordering those rainbow leggings as soon as I get home."
(The waiter took their order, and after he left there was a loaded silence. They both wanted the other person to say something, but Jason was just a little more stubborn. Eventually, Emma spoke up.)
"It's not like there aren't any other problems with this situation. I have a job to do while I'm at the hospital."
"Well, that is a good point that I guess I couldn't quite see through all the other images in my head right now."
(It seemed Emma's point had put a stop to the progression of that conversation. Jason broke the silence with a change of subject, which Emma was thankful for. They discussed Jason's much less interesting day with Emma's mother and a few other mundane things, but it was all half-hearted conversation. Their minds were elsewhere. The food arrived, and as they ate in silence with their thoughts, one of Emma's spilled out, only half by accident.)
"Although..."
"Although? Although what?" Jason looked like a dog watching a tennis ball.
"Well, she's a nurse, right?"
"Probably. What's that mean?"
"It's just that...well, if it were me with the control, I wouldn't let it interfere with patient care. You know? Like, I'd just hit it during downtime or breaks."
"Are you actually thinking about wearing that thing to work?"
"No, it was just a thought." (But it was not a fleeting one.)
Emma headed straight to work from the restaurant. She felt much better (as she knew she would) after talking with her husband, but she could hardly track how wanting to talk about her feelings became setting ground rules for lesbian trysts. She supposed that was a logical consequence of introducing a male brain to the situation. "But," she thought, "was I wanting advice...or permission?"
Emma pulled into the parking garage at the hospital and began talking to herself. "Okay, I'll figure out who it is," she moved the box into her purse, "and give this back with a 'thanks but no thanks'. Over and done...unless she asks if I tried it...I'll lie...no I won't...I'm not embarrassed...I'm horny." Emma looked up like she was explaining it to an invisible classroom, "That's it! I'm horny. I'm horny like a teenager because I want this. I want this, she wants this, and Jason wants this. So, what's the fucking problem?"
There was a brief thoughtful pause before she concluded her lecture, "And, it doesn't have to mean anything. I like getting off in public places, and she wants to pull the trigger. There is no victim here. If it interferes with work, I'll stop it."
There was one part of Emma that clearly had no conflictions and it welcomed the toy before she went upstairs.
_____________________
The broken bone unit was on the east wing of the fifth floor. It was shaped much like an 8. Two circular bundles of staff only rooms, each with a nurse's station at the front and a hallway between them, surrounded by patient rooms on the outer walls. The circle closer to the entrance was a little larger and usually carried 7 nurses. The one in the back staffed 5.
Emma checked the staffing binder to see who was working that night. Fully staffed with 12 nurses and 3 aides. She hadn't even considered the aides. Surveying the list of 15 female names, she saw no good candidates. However, there were three unlikely ones. She had overheard two speaking very negatively about a gay patient once, and another seemed to be aged out of Emma's bracket. Even those couldn't really be eliminated, though. This game was already turning her on. She could hardly wait for the first...
(buzz)
It was very short, but it made her jump and look around. There wasn't a single pair of eyes on her. It could have been one of the other people at the desk, but it also could have been one of the people who just got off the elevator or someone who ducked around a corner or someone who couldn't even see her behind a door. The only information she could gather from that first interaction was that it was all real. She was really letting an anonymous person control a dual vibrator inside of her, at work.
Emma grabbed her things and went into the employee only rooms through a door behind the front desk. Behind that door was a hallway that went straight through the circle of rooms to another door that opened up in front of the slightly smaller back nurses' station. The first door on the left in the hallway was the break room, and that was the door Emma went through. The break room was fairly large, but it was tightly filled with a kitchenette, two round tables, and a bank of storage lockers. She greeted a few co-workers that were sitting around waiting on shifts to begin or end, with a suspicious eye, and made her way to the locker she always used.
Like getting ready at home, the comfort of routine calmed her down as she prepared for her shift. She snickered a little when she had to move the box for the sex toy to get her padlock out of her purse. Then she realized how truly bold this woman was. Emma's purse stayed locked up all night with the keys to the lock in her pocket. They would have had to put that box in her purse without her noticing in a window of maybe two minutes. It must have been put in after she got her purse out of the locker, but before she left the unit.
The internal part of the toy started vibrating again. Inside of her, it didn't just buzz, it rumbled and jiggled and made her weak in the knees. She let out a soft, "Mmm" like she had tasted something decadent, and it drew some of the eyes in the room. Emma went back through the door, into the hallway for ironic privacy. There were too many rooms, too many hallways, and too many women. Her secret admirer could be anywhere or anyone. She couldn't even know if it was about her. Maybe she was just the next person on a list and half her unit had already been toyed with.
The thought of woman after woman cumming on the same arm of the same toy that was now rumbling inside of her made her skin flush with heat, and then the vibrations inside her intensified. This time she took the second door on the left. It was a three-stall bathroom with a second entrance from the back of the breakroom. The bathroom was busy, but the middle stall was available. She hurried in and sat down. Emma slipped her hand into her pants, ready to take care of herself. Then the toy went dead, and someone left the bathroom. "Why?" she thought, "Because it isn't time. She hasn't touched my clit yet because it isn't time, but how did she know what I was about to do?" Then Emma realized, "That must have been her that hurried out. She saw me and knew what I was about to do."
Her head spun.
Was it really her?
Which door was it, the hallway, or the breakroom?
Emma burst through the stall door like a hero ready to save the day, but to do what? She didn't know which way the culprit went, or even If that was her. She washed her hands and went out to get report and start her shift.
Emma went about getting her assignment and introducing herself to her patients. She was nervous and constantly ready for a buzz, but nothing. It appeared her assumption about patient care being a safe zone was correct. Slowly the comfort of routine again put Emma at ease. The toy was light and very comfortable. She found that, within minutes, she had already forgotten it was there enough that it surprised her when she sat down and felt it adjust inside of her.
She was still taking mental notes of everyone that did or did not make eye contact, trying to figure out who had the control, but she could draw no conclusions. Two hours in, she decided to make her customary coffee run to the first floor, where there was a cafeteria with an all-night barista. One of the nurse's aides, (that she barely knew) named Sarah, volunteered to go with her after the order reached a total of seven coffees.
The number was unusually high because she had made a point of telling absolutely everyone that she was going. After two hours of near silence from the toy, she was hoping she would get a buzz or two if she showed everyone she wasn't busy for a few minutes. The plan failed, and all she got was an unusually large order to carry back.
Still, Emma thought she would be thankful to get off the unit for a couple minutes. As much as she was now craving stimulation, there was a certain anxiety to never knowing when it might come. She knew from experience that toys like this had a control range of maybe as much as 30 feet, but certainly not all the way to the cafeteria. As she and Sarah got in the elevator, and the doors began to close she felt at ease. As if she were taking a break from several things at once. Then, right as the doors fully closed, someone knocked on the other side, and the internal arm of the toy began to rumble again.
Sarah said, "That was strange. Guess they just missed it.", but Emma just leaned against the wall for support saying nothing.
It was not cranked up like earlier when it drove her into the bathroom. It was very low, maybe even its lowest setting, but it was delectable. It was expertly grazing all the right places like a lover just starting their seduction. Emma knew that her safe distance had become just the opposite. No one could stop this until she got back upstairs, near whoever knocked on the door, with seven cups of coffee in tow.
It was such a clever move. Emma clearly would not be doing anything important or work-related until she got back on the unit. She was fair game.
The whole round trip was maybe 15 minutes, but Emma's body had betrayed her before she even reached the first floor. She was fighting off images of jumping Sarah and then being discovered in some sapphic act when the doors opened. She found herself staring at Sarah's hips. She had never noticed how full and shapely they were. She thought about how they would feel in her hands or look in a pair of exotic underwear. Emma shook her head trying to rattle the thoughts away.
After they arrived on the first floor, she imagined everyone in the lobby and cafeteria somehow knew that she was being mentally and remotely fucked right in front of them. Waiting for the coffee to be made with the slender vibrating arm inside of her, she noticed every finger in the room and pictured them being the pleasure device she was covering in her arousal. During the return elevator ride, Emma was thinking about this other woman. Was she as turned on by all this? Was she also using all of her willpower to not drop everything and start rubbing her clit regardless of who might see?
It didn't stop vibrating when she returned to the fifth floor and it didn't stop vibrating when she walked past the front desk. It stopped the second she walked into the break room. It was another perfect move by her secret admirer. She couldn't eliminate anyone. It could have been one of the two women in the break room who just saw her, sure. It also could be someone out front who waited for her to go by. It could even have been someone working the back station if they were watching down the hallway then got close enough to turn it off.
Then the toy buzzed for just a second.
Then again
And again.
Then it stayed on, like before. Just the inside arm, but a little more intense. She was having a great deal of difficulty maintaining her composure when her patient's call light went off. And the buzzing stopped immediately. The nurses wore a device similar to a beeper that let them know when a call light was pressed and showed them the room number. If she ignored the patient for a moment, she might have been able to cut down the suspect list to the people in the break room who heard her "Badge-Buddy" go off, or those who could see the light over the patient's door come on, but even that wouldn't be full-proof because they could have seen it light up and then scampered off.
Regardless, her secret admirer had already demonstrated that Emma was off-limits whenever she was engaged in her occupational duties. She was enjoying the cat and mouse of the sexual situation, but Emma was getting nervous about whatever climax the evening held, and she welcomed the reprieve of patient care.
However, it was now more difficult to completely ignore her situation. She had gotten so wet during her coffee run that some of it was still held in her soaked through panties. This only served to make her more turned on and anytime she sat, shifting the toy slightly, she felt like a water balloon getting ready to burst.
An hour clicked by, with lots of work and no buzzing, then another. Emma didn't have even a minute of downtime, constantly bouncing from room to room helping patients trying to find sleep through pain and worry. After a gap that long, she yearned for stimulation. Emma found that every time she sat down to chart, she was rocking lightly back and forth manually working the toy in her seat, counting the minutes until 1am.
Lunchtimes were assigned and written into the schedule. Emma found herself watching the clock like a child watching for the end of the school day. Whoever had the remote control would know that she would be free from responsibilities for 30 minutes starting at 1am. Also, Emma had not packed her lunch, so she would have to make a return trip to the cafeteria.
Her body readied itself in the hour between midnight and her lunch break. As the anticipation built, she was aroused, wet, swollen, and sensitive. Her breasts firmed and her nipples were uncomfortably hard in her bra. Promptly at 1am, she declared loudly to both desks that she was going to lunch, handed her Badge-Buddy off to Sarah, and walked to the elevators.
Emma was filled with lust. She felt like someone walking on a tightrope that wanted to fall just to feel the air go by. She could hear the blood rushing in her ears. She could feel every soaked through fiber of her underwear against every short trimmed red hair on her pussy. Stepping into the elevator was like being dropped in the eye of a tornado. Everything seemed so calm, but she could feel forces all around her. She grabbed the support bars in the elevator as the doors closed, bracing herself.
Then...
Nothing. The elevator went down, and the doors opened up to the first floor. Despite the late hour, there were several people besides the other hospital staff sitting around in the lobby armchairs or going into the cafeteria getting food and coffee. It was completely normal, and nothing could have thrown Emma off more than that. In her mind she half-expected the trip downstairs to end with her in a heap on the floor, cumming in front of three dozen strangers.
Away from everything, she found herself lost in thought. She went through the lines and gathered her lunch without an unnecessary word. She had spent most of the night just thinking about the toy and her own pleasure. Now she thought of the woman behind it. Emma still didn't know if the knowledge that it must be a woman was a factor in how much she wanted to be pleasured further. What she did know, is that her husband had, just hours before, made clear that it being a woman meant she was free to indulge herself in the experience however she wished. She just wished she knew what that was.
On the return ride up to the fifth floor, Emma was not just wanting but longing for powerful vibrations to assault her again. She reached a hand in her pants to press the buttons on top, but that didn't seem right. That wasn't how this night was fated. That wasn't how this game was played. Still, she hoped for something sooner rather than later. The idea of having someone servicing her pussy while she ate with a few of her co-workers actually started to sound like a great way to spend lunch.
She did not have to wait. As soon as the elevator reached the fifth floor, before the doors began to open, the inside arm of the dual vibrator came to life. This time it meant business, turned up much higher. She walked onto the unit very slowly with the toy rumbling away inside of her. It was the stride tempo necessary to maintain control as her legs weakened. Right as she crossed the threshold of the nurses' station the other side of the toy on her clit came to life as well.
she yelped, "Oh!" and stopped, leaning on the counter of the nurses' station for support.
"Are you okay?"
"What's going on.?"
"What is it?
"Do you need help?
Then, both arms of the toy began a wave pattern rising up in speed and intensity, before falling to a lower setting. "I just have a cramp in my leg" (rising and falling) It was the best lie she could muster. (rising and falling) She decided it was a (rising and falling) clever answer, because it (rising) allowed her (falling) to squat down (rising) feigning a stretch (falling).
So, there was Emma, sitting on her heels on the floor of the nurses' station, rocking back and forth on a powerful sex toy with her eyes closed, while four women stood around her in a circle. At that point they were all sure that she was in pain, incapacitated by some awful leg cramp. Or, were they? Was one of those women doing it to her? As always, no way to know. From there the remote could be in the breakroom or the med room or maybe even the Unit manager's office beyond the med-room.
Wherever the person was, they released her. The vibrations on the outside stopped completely and the vibrations on the inside stayed on a very low setting, just enough to make it hard to concentrate on anything else.
"Boy, that was really something. Haven't had that happen before, but it seems better now. I think I'm alright."
The other nurses nodded and accepted the lie, including Emma's fake limp to the breakroom, but they all felt like they were missing something. They were sure there was a wrinkle to the situation that just unfolded they didn't grasp. The four women all looked at each other, recognizing the mirrored confusion on three faces. Nothing came of it except an exchange of "bad cramp" stories that covered everything from periods to contractions.
"Something has changed," Emma thought as she sat at the table where two other nurses were eating their lunch, consumed by their phones. "She's been so disciplined and careful all night. That was completely reckless. Why?" Emma leaned back to luxuriate in the low vibrations, and the answer came to her, "The same reason she can't bring herself to turn it all the way off now, she's in as bad of shape as I am. She's horny as shit and losing control. Just like I almost masturbated in the elevator, she almost made me cum at the nurse's station."
Emma had another realization that turned her on even more than the object lightly jiggling around in her pussy. She had done this to her secret admirer. Emma had made her wait for hours by being too busy. Whoever this is must have been watching for openings the whole time, hoping in vain to catch Emma in a free moment with her finger on the trigger. Waiting outside the elevators for one to go from the first to the fifth floor, was not an act of genius. It was an act of desperation. This woman had to know when Emma was back within range. This woman needed to pleasure her every bit as much as Emma needed it.
Then it started.
The inside arm of the toy began its waves again, a sloping increase in vibrations followed by a sloping decrease, rise and fall, wave after wave. Emma could feel that this was a warning. She needed to find somewhere private before the other arm of the toy started playing her clit like a snare drum.
Leaving the lunch she had never begun to eat, Emma abruptly staggered her way to the bathroom. The other two nurses looked up from their phones and both assumed she was about to throw up. Emma burst through the door but saw two of the three stalls were occupied and the room smelled like shit. That wouldn't do at all. She exited through the other door into the small hallway and turned left instinctively seeking escape. As soon as she came face to face with the back nurse's station her clit was assaulted with vibrations.
She nearly collapsed, but she caught herself and hunched over the doorknob. It was different than before. Both sides were now sapping her self-control with waves, but not in unison. They mirrored each other. As one side went down the other went up, then they switched. Even though it wasn't that similar, the first image that clouded Emma's mind was of being double-penetrated, of having two cocks alternately pumping in and out of her. That door was the wrong choice. She had gone the wrong way. This was the woman in control stopping her from making a mistake. She turned and went back into the hallway leaning all of her bodyweight against the doorframe and walls. As the door closed, she heard a distant conversation through the door:
"You think she is okay?"
"I'll go check on her."
Now that Emma had turned around, she saw where she was supposed to go. It was a door that was almost never used, the meeting room. A superfluous room that rarely served any purpose.
Emma crashed through the door. It was the only carpeted room on the unit, mostly filled by a conference table with 8 chairs around it. Like most rooms in the hospital, even with the lights off, one stayed on leaving it dimly lit. She turned to close the door quietly before dropping to her knees, leaning over on her fists, and letting the pleasure overtake her. The tone of "I'll go check on her" was that of intent, not of concern. Emma was certain that two things would happen before she left this room, she was going to have an earth-shattering orgasm and she would know who was so expertly overwhelming her body.
When the doorknob turned, she thought, "I don't even care if it's my secret admirer or not. I'm going to cum for whoever walks through that door, and I'm not going to hide it." The vibrator reduced to a slow buzz. Emma's body lurched as if someone had slammed on the brakes. The first thing through the door was a hand holding a pink controller. Then she stepped in...
_____________________
Her name was Shelby. She and Emma had been hired on at the same time, and they had become fast friends. After working together for a couple years, they had a deep well of inside jokes that would keep them whispering and giggling to each other all through the 12 hour night shifts. Whenever they worked together, the time just flew by.
Despite the depth of their friendship, they very seldom saw each other outside of work. Sure, occasionally they would eat breakfast together somewhere after their shift or even less often meet somewhere for dinner before it, but they had only seen each other's homes once each and had never gone out together. They wished they could become a bigger part of each other's lives outside of work, but they could never find any other shared space in their Venn diagram. That is where the different lives came in.
Emma had been in the same relationship since before she was an adult. Her life was filled with playgrounds and stay-in dates with her husband. She had her time of going out every night and acting wild when she and Jason were in college. Now they lived the life they had long dreamed of, raising kids, tending the house, pursuing hobbies, and keeping an eye toward a delightful future of growing old, and always more together, as grandparents and great-grandparents.
Shelby's life was filled with trendy restaurants and nightclubs. She was tall, for a woman, and loved the attention she got showing off her long shapely legs and highlighting the curvy features of her tight yoga body. She kept a stable of guys (Were they guys? Did she said they were guys?) she kept like stable ponies, with somebody showing her a great time any time she wanted to go out.
Often their conversations at work would be about Shelby's adventurous sex life. Shelby was always happy to share because she loved getting that gorgeous redhead all worked up. For a long time, Shelby assumed the stories turned Emma on because her sex life must have been boring and routine, but over time she began to suspect that it was really Shelby herself that turned Emma on. To test this, Shelby started sharing some stories about her masturbating and Emma's eyes were bigger and hungrier than ever. Just thinking about how much Emma liked the retellings had caused Shelby to masturbate more in the preceding 6 months than at any point in her life, especially in public because she knew Emma liked that, too.
It got to the point that Shelby was having two or three orgasms a day to thoughts of Emma, and she knew that Emma's new routine was to have sex with Jason the day after her shifts. Emma said it was because they missed each other the nights she worked, but Emma was a nurse for years before meeting Shelby, without that routine. Shelby decided to test the theory further by "getting caught" sending dirty pictures of herself to one of her booty-calls to gauge Emma's reaction. Verbally it was all "You Go Girl" and female empowerment, but non-verbally Emma was biting her lips and adjusting her clothes when she helped her choose a picture.
Shelby was tired of getting Jason laid, but not getting to touch Emma herself. So, she devised her plan, not of seduction, but of realization. Emma already wanted Shelby, but she wasn't admitting it to herself. First, Shelby would get Emma to face the fact that women turn her on by choosing to allow a woman to sexually please her, then Shelby would fess-up and present herself as an option. Shelby had done an exceptional job of not being seen by Emma, and any free time that Emma might have normally thought to go looking for Shelby was instead filled with vibrations. Up to that point, her plan had been perfectly executed.
But...the plan had gone off the rails. Toying with Emma, pleasing her pussy, and seeing her flushed and panting from pleasure was way too hot. Shelby was losing control of herself. After she saw Emma frantically searching for a place to cum, Shelby tossed "the plan" out of her mind and headed to the meeting room to fuck Emma.
_____________________
Emma looked up at Shelby, from her knees, with desperation in her eyes. Her pussy was literally throbbing. Her whole body felt like one sexual organ ready to explode that had been put on a terrible pause by Shelby's remote. Through her labored breath, she pleaded, "Take me."
"This won't take long" Shelby promised. Her pants and underwear fell to the floor after shucking them past her hips. Emma only had a second to panic before Shelby stepped over her planting her pussy firmly on Emma's mouth. With an even mix of arousal and shock, Emma began peppering it with closed-mouth kisses. Shelby was a fountain of wetness and, even though Emma had never tried to please another woman, it was a simple task finding her engorged clit. Shelby was so ready to burst, she was sure that even Emma's little kisses would make her cum in short order.
Shelby rewarded Emma by returning the toy to the alternating waves that had brought her into that room. Emma gasped, and in doing so, she instinctively took a full long lick of Shelby. Emma's senses came alive, and fireworks went off in her brain. It seemed so right, infinitely correct. Every time her eyes had lingered on a woman's body, every time she had told herself she only liked lesbian porn because the guys are too rough, and every time Shelby's stories had sent her running to Jason's dick like medicine, all clicked over from confusing to confirming.
Later, when she relayed the encounter to Jason, Emma described herself at this point as "looking like a hamster licking its bottle for drops of water." It was not an inaccurate description of the first-timer licking away while her body was under its own attack. However, no expertise was needed in this matter. Not two seconds after feeling Emma's eager tongue begin lapping at her clit, Shelby started to cum. Somewhere, a whisper of reason in the depths of Shelby's mind told her she was throwing too much at Emma. It told her that she normally gushed a little when she came, and Emma wouldn't be ready for that. But the rest of her body was screaming to the contrary.
Shelby's abs fluttered causing several pointlessly short breaths. Her sides tensed, her legs stiffened, and her mind went blank as if there were only one body function that mattered. Shelby felt her orgasm rush straight through her pussy and into her new favorite body part, Emma's mouth. She could feel her gush of cum passing between what were previously two separate bodies. Running over the mouth between her lips.
Measured out, it would only have been maybe a couple tablespoons (and at least half missed her mouth), but it was still too much for Emma to swallow while she was gasping for breath. It trickled out of the sides of her mouth and joined the rest that running over her chin. Once there was a path for her breath to return, she could taste it. In another context, she couldn't be sure she would have liked it, but right then it was so incredible that her pupils dilated, and she salivated uncontrollably. It was like she held all of what made Shelby a woman within her taste buds.
It was all too much. Emma came with her curvy hips and ass lightly bouncing on her heels and her face upstretched. Her mouth was still overflowing with cum and drool, trickling down her neck and dripping from her chin as she continued to suck the marrow out of Shelby. At the peak of her release, Emma felt like the force of it could break her body in half. It was terrifyingly wonderful. She buried her face into Shelby's pussy to muffle the sound and screamed with pleasure. Shelby held Emma's head tightly against herself with one hand, still working through the tail end of her own orgasm. Shelby's other hand was expertly reducing the rumbling vibrations inside of Emma, not leaving too suddenly and not overstimulating. Emma's entire body was a flexed muscle and after her scream had left her body, it fell over on its side. Emma rode the remainder of the orgasm out on the floor with her muscles twisting her body like they were trying to wring it out of her. Afterwards, she was shivering, nearly delirious, and covered in her friend's cum in front of an unlocked door. Magnificent.
Shelby got down on the floor and rolled Emma on her back, slipped her tongue in her mouth, and her hand in her underwear. Emma seemed half-dead and Shelby was surprised how passionately Emma responded to her kiss. Her hand retrieved the dripping toy. She wanted badly to clean off Emma's pussy with her tongue and keep her cumming and cumming, but Emma was obviously done. After Shelby broke their kiss, Emma still seemed dazed. Shelby looked for something to help clean up Emma's face. Eventually, she just used her own panties. Luckily, Emma usually didn't wear much make-up.
Shelby's Badge Buddy startled both women as it alarmed to let her know a patient had pressed their call light. Shelby quickly dressed her lower half, and said before leaving the room, "You've still got ten minutes left of lunch, and you should fix your ponytail before you step out. I'll see you in a few minutes." Then, she cautiously went through the door before hurrying off to check on her patients.
Part 2 of 3: What now?
The encounter itself was without thought. In the moments after, Emma was able to reflect on the events at a slower speed. Details that she paid no attention to, came to her, and each one only made it seem better. In the moment, Emma was so out of control she might have done anything to anyone that walked through that door, but thinking about when Shelby dropped her pants made her mouth water. She really was very enticing. The slope of her hips and visibly supple skin made a perfect setting for her pussy. Shelby had a patch of pubic hair, but her lips themselves must have been waxed.
As Emma continued to roll that wonderful taste of femininity around in her mouth, she recalled how smooth those dripping wet lips had felt on her mouth and cheeks and chin. A smile came to her face. She tried to picture what she must have looked like, in that incredible moment that she was a drooling, orgasming, pussy sucking animal. Emma felt like she should be in shock or at least shaken, but instead, she silently chuckled to herself and felt a smile so big it pulled at her cheeks. It was an absurd thing that just happened, and she found that she could barely stop snickering about it.
She straightened her clothes and took Shelby's advice of putting her hair up again. By the feel of it, her hair was in quite a bit of disarray, and at first, she couldn't figure out why. She hadn't done much after lying on the floor, but then she realized it was from Shelby's hand. Then more details came back clearer than they had been in the moment. "She must have really had ahold of me." she quietly said to herself as she snapped her hair tie into place.
Emma felt like she should be more nervous exiting the room, more nervous facing the world. "I was just face fucked, drenched in cum or squirt or I don't even know, and left lying on the floor at work!" she thought, "I was just with a woman for the first time!" She was almost trying to will herself into freaking out, but she still couldn't even wipe the grin off her face. Suddenly she realized that she was very hungry, saw on the clock in the room that she still had a few minutes, and decided to cram down some of her abandoned lunch.
When Emma went out to get her Badge Buddy from Sarah, she saw Shelby. For a brief second, they both looked at each other with an unsure tension, then simultaneously broke through with a snicker and brief laugh. Then hugged each other like they normally would have done at the beginning of the shift. A tight-lipped 65-year-old nurse named Ruth rolled her eyes at the two laughing, hugging women. One more inside joke to annoy the more self-serious nurses with.
Emma thanked Sarah for watching her patients, then Shelby walked with her to the Med room so Emma could get a patient's 2am meds ready. Emma smacked Shelby's arm and said with a smile, "What in the hell was that all about?"
"I'm sorry. It wasn't supposed to be like that."
"What was it supposed to be like? How could you know that I wouldn't freak out or report the note to HR?" Then in a whisper, "I just licked your 'you know what' at work! Also, do you always drop a whole bucket-full when you cum?"
"I do when it's really good."
(At that, Emma stood up straighter and lifted her chin smirking.)
"So, I was really good, huh?"
"Let me just get out there, that I wasn't even planning on touching you tonight. I've wanted you from day one, and when I noticed that you wanted me too, I..."
(Emma needed to interrupt because too many lightbulbs were going off in her head)
"For the record, I think I did most of the touching."
"I'd be very happy to return that favor"
"So, have you done this before?"
"Which part?"
"Being with women?"
"I would say that only about a third of the stories I've told you were with guys maybe even a quarter."
(Emma laughed with obvious surprise,)
"You lying skank"
(and smacked her arm again.)
"I'm probably with guys more often than that, but there isn't usually as much of a story to tell. So, I'd fudge the details. You know how some of the people around here talk. I didn't get the initial impression that it would go over well. Then, time went on. You don't know any of my other friends. You were pretty much the only person, that matters to me, that didn't know."
Emma busted out laughing, "Well I'd sure as shit say that I know now!"
This caused raucous laughter for both women, and they were still laughing when they spilled out of the Med room earning another scowl from Ruth, who was on her way to get some pain meds. The next few hours passed with surprising normalcy. The game of the evening was Emma naming one of Shelby's memorable exploits, and then guessing if it was a man or woman. Eventually, Emma asked, "Are you ever with guys?"
Shelby imitated Emma's exaggerative superior stance from earlier when she replied, "It's not my fault you only seem to like the ones with women. I told you that they made more interesting stories." The two continued their quiet giggling conversations for the remainder of the shift, which was their norm. The only awkward part was going their separate ways afterward. They both silently considered going home with each other, but Emma had to confirm that everything was okay with Jason. She was nervous that the fantasy of her being with a woman would be different than the reality that she had been with someone else.
The drive home was full of nerves and worry. Emma and Jason had been together since they were teenagers. Emma had a limited sexual history before Jason, but she was Jason's first girlfriend. Emma couldn't help but feel like she had stepped out on him. Sure, he seemed into the idea, but they had only had one brief conversation and zero time to reflect on it. As Emma walked through the door of her house, she decided on a strategy that would soften the blow if it was bad news to him. Jason greeted her at the door:
"Hello pretty lady, how was your night?"
"I have a story to tell you. Take off your pants and get in bed."
(Jason could see the apprehension on her face and was a little worried about bad news, but that isn't the kind of request a husband turns down.)
"Yes ma'am"
(They lied down facing each other. Emma stayed in her scrubs, and she started pulling on Jason's dick.)
She took a few seconds to silently decided how to begin. It was Shelby. Shelby put the note in my purse."
"How did you find out?", his voice conveyed surprise, but his penis jumped with excitement in Emma's hand.
"No questions for now. Just let me tell you the whole thing."
Emma recounted her evening from when she left him at the restaurant, all the way through their longing departure the following morning. Jason came in Emma's hand when she was telling him about ordering coffee with a jiggling vibrator inside of her and hungrily eyeing the nurse's aide that had helped her carry it all. (That was perhaps the quickest a hand job with Jason had ever gone.) A minute later when Emma got to being crippled with pleasure at the nurses' station, Jason put her hand back on his new erection. It was a little greedy, but it was what made Emma sure he wasn't all talk. It was a little sign that sharing the details really worked for him. She couldn't remember a time when he was stone hard again so quickly, and the look in his eyes was so intensely hungry it both drove away her concerns and turned her on. Emma slid off her pants and rode Jason's refreshed erection while rubbing herself for the remainder of the story.
They both came when she said, "I was bouncing just like this and gasping too hard to swallow it all. So, it ran down my neck and my shirt and dripped off my...Oh...Oh, Fuck..." Jason stripped off her scrub top and bra then laid her down. She finished her story while Jason's hand gave her two subsequent orgasms and Jason's mouth was kissing and licking every place Shelby's orgasm might have dried on her skin. Emma's naked body was covered in cum and saliva. She should have wanted a shower, but all she wanted was sleep.
_____________________
Emma woke into a dream of Shelby hovering over her, kissing her jawline, and whispering her name. Emma imagined she could smell the shampoo in Shelby's hair as she rolled from her side to her back, putting Shelby's legs between her own. Emma put hands into her dream woman's hair while she sucked on her neck. She could tell there wasn't an article of clothing between them as her imaginary Shelby kissed her way down Emma's body. She thought she could feel Shelby's hair brushing her nipples as it trailed behind kisses on her sternum and stomach. Even more vivid was the feeling of two arms wrapping around her thighs and the preliminary explorations of a mouth with full soft feminine lips.
Emma looked down and could see that her dream version of Shelby was both naked and flawless, each curve was exactly as an artist would draw it. When Shelby's eyes looked up into her own, the fog cleared, and she realized it was no dream. Emma was lying in her own bed, still naked from the morning, and her sexiest friend was tongue deep inside her. Shelby's knees were bent under her, sticking her tight, round ass up where Emma could not stop watching it wave slowly from side to side, feeling a flat tongue drag across her clit. Emma's pale skin became flushed, and the lips concealing her friend's mouth flooded with approval.
Shelby moaned and her eyes became white slits, rolling back into her head, before closing. Her long legs went straight, sticking off the bed, and her body lay flat. She lapped at Emma's pussy, "Holy shit Emma, you taste like candy." more licks "I thought Jason was exaggerating. I mean how would he know he's only had one, but...wow." Emma had also always thought that Jason's infatuation with her taste had more to do with his lack of reference points than anything, but, now fully awake, Shelby's statement prompted questions:
"Wait, hold on. What's going on? When did you talk to Jason? Where is he?"
Shelby reluctantly lifted her mouth and inserted her middle finger. She slowly pumped Emma's pussy as she talked, and Emma listened while circling her hips in rhythm with the finger. "Well, I was restless. I couldn't sleep, and I felt like there were some things to discuss. So, I texted Jason and asked when you usually got up. He said noon, and then let me know that you told him about what happened. I suggested I come over around 1pm for lunch so we could all talk. He agreed that it was a good idea, and he told me that he thinks you wanted to talk more but fell asleep." Shelby removed her finger and sucked on it briefly then inserted two fingers, working upward at Emma's g-spot. "At a quarter 'til, he sent me a message that you were still asleep, and he thought it best not to wake you if you needed a little extra sleep. I was only five minutes away, so I called and told him I'd just wait for you to get up." She paused to briefly add her tongue above her fingers, then licked her own lips and went on with Emma still matching her rhythm. "After we sat around for like an hour, he suggested I go wake you up. He's devious, you know. Your husband is downright devious."
Emma was still listening although it was the most distracted conversation of her life. She thought it must have been similar to her earlier conversation from her husband's perspective. Still, she was alert enough to ask, "Why?"
"He didn't tell me you were in here naked. He knew what he was doing because he has seen you before, I haven't. I cracked the door and there you were completely nude with your bare leg thrown over the blankets. You hit me like a ton of bricks. Your milky skin all over, the curve of your back, and the curve of your hips. All the red hair spilling out across the pillow. I knew you had a great ass, but uncovered and attached to those thighs...I was no match. I walked back out to where Jason was sitting and found him putting on his shoes. He told me, since lunch was a bust, he was going to go get some groceries for dinner. Here's the real kicker, as he leaves, he says, 'If you get hungry before then, feel free to eat anything in the house.'" Shelby removed her fingers and gave them a long suck. "That little shit played me like a fiddle." Finished with her story, Shelby returned to the delightful task of eating out Emma's red-trimmed pussy."
"You deserve to be fucked with after what you put me through last night." Emma tried to sound spiteful, but it carried no sting being said through a moan.
Shelby lifted her head one last time to say, "and after last night, you deserve this."
Emma sucked in a long breath and arched her back off the bed as Shelby's tongue began spinning around her clit. The speed of the circles seemed impossible. It was quickly overwhelming. Emma instinctively started to pull her hips away from the intense sensation, but Shelby wrapped both arms around her thighs and held Emma firmly against her face. Emma raised her hips and put both hands on the back of Shelby's head. Emma was a moaner and could really let loose when the kids were away. She pumped herself against Shelby's mouth and the relentless circles with escalating moans before damn near screaming when she came.
As she reveled in post-orgasmic euphoria, Emma's mind was on a different orgasm, the way Shelby gushed cum into her mouth. She found herself unexpectedly longing for it, but Emma was unsure if she could make her cum at all. Shelby was practically cumming already last time after hours of excitement and frustration.
But it wasn't time for that yet. Shelby turned her head sideways, stretched her tongue inside of Emma, and began pumping her tongue in and out like a piston from her mouth. Then she reached her hand up and rubbed Emma's clit with her thumb. Emma's second orgasm arrived quickly with a fresh set of musical moans.
Shelby's hand and tongue switched places. Her middle finger attacking Emma's g-spot at a pretty quick pace, but her tongue giving long slow licks. After a moment of this Emma was pumping Shelby's face as fast as she could, trying to cum. But Shelby just kept edging her, keeping her right on the razor's edge of cumming without letting her fall into it. (Long, slow licks) Emma began frantically tossing her body and instinctively reaching her hands toward the place blocked by the woman torturing her. (Long, slow licks) Her moaning became so constant and intense that she felt her throat getting raspy and sore. Her body was tensing. Her third orgasm seemed to emanate from her spine and shoot fireworks in all directions, wreaking havoc across her whole body. Her pussy quivered and her toes curled. She saw spots, heard thunder, and tasted metal. Her belly was hot like she swallowed a warm drink, but her fingers were numb and frozen. Seconds later she was limp and breathed out in small whimpers.
Shelby kissed her way up Emma's body. First, a goodbye kiss to her exquisite pussy, then a peck on the short trimmed red hairs. She peppered Emma's stomach and sides with kisses, then started tasting her skin by adding a little tongue. Coming up beneath her soft white breasts Shelby first sucked on the bottom of the left one, before licking in a spiral to the puffy pink nipple resting on top. Then her hand took over that mound while her mouth jumped to the other, tongue kissing and sucking every part except the nipple. Light soft pecks dotted Emma's collarbone before a single lick on her neck without any lips at all. Then they kissed.
Even though the two women had kissed briefly at the hospital, it occurred to Emma that this was the first person that she had kissed since meeting Jason many many years ago. Shelby's lips were so soft and so full. Her skin was smooth as silk. Her tongue tasted like pussy, which made Emma anxiously hope that she would go down on Shelby again.
But, as they kissed she could feel Shelby's hand quickly working between her own legs. Emma's hand shot out on its own and stopped Shelby's, then she thought, "Now what?" Emma began to feel around Shelby's smooth lips. She went in between the outer lips and found a sea of lubrication in which she fished for a clitoris. She felt Shelby's body jerk when she found it, and Emma began to feel more confident.
Shelby laid on her back and Emma lay on Shelby's right. Emma reached her right hand down and found that same button quickly. She rubbed it the way she rubbed her own, short, fast up and down strokes. Shelby whispered, "Slower. Side to side." She followed direction and Shelby's body tensed and twisted as Emma could feel her engorged clit popping out on each side of her finger. Emma thought Shelby looked so beautiful with her eyes closed and her athletic body twisting with pleasure, but her eyes lingered over her pussy. She wanted to be down there. She wanted her tongue where her finger was, with Shelby's flawless body pivoting around her mouth.
Without thinking, Emma's finger was in her mouth and she moaned at the presence of Shelby's arousal on her taste buds. Another whisper from Shelby, "I want your tongue." It was the sexiest thing that had ever hit Emma's ears, but it filled her with insecurity. She began to shift down in between Shelby's legs. Shelby bent her knees up to greet her arrival. At the first kiss of Shelby's inner thigh, all anxiety was replaced by desire. Emma practically dove into Shelby's pussy. Her tongue broke through into that sea of wetness and she lapped at it hungrily. Emma could feel the precious drops running over her tongue and coating her throat.
For a moment Emma had forgotten that she was supposed to be pleasing someone as she explored and experienced so many new places and things. She began to feel overwhelmed. It suddenly seemed like an undiscovered country and she had no map to guide her. She confessed:
"I don't know what to do."
"What do you want to do?"
"I want your cum. I want lots of it like last time."
"Your wish is my command. Lie on your back."
Shelby sprang up and straddled Emma's face. Emma looked up across Shelby's flat stomach and over the end of her wine cup tits to see a half-crazed smile. "Stick your tongue out." Shelby positioned her clit right on the tip of Emma's tongue. "Leave it out and move it toward your nose then toward your chin. Do that as fast as you can, but don't move your jaw." Emma's tongue was waggling inside Shelby's lips. "Make your tongue less pointy. That's it...oh that's it...don't you fucking stop."
Shelby began to ride Emma's face, half bouncing and half grinding. She was so wet that Emma had to take brief pauses to swallow. "I said don't stop." Emma's tongue was getting tired and sore at the base. She thought about giving up until, "Oh shit, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum." Emma struggled to continue, but she bent in the middle fighting to give Shelby every second that she could manage, though her tongue ached terribly. Shelby let out a guttural sound and slammed Emma's head into the bed before filling her mouth with the cum she had requested.
This time Emma was ready. She swallowed it slowly and serenely in three gulps. Then probed her teeth and gums for hidden reserves. She could feel it going down her throat, somehow both thin and viscous. Emma pictured it traveling to her stomach and being sent out to feed her body. Every cell feasting on Shelby's cum, sustaining her life and exiting through her pores. Shelby's cum emanating from a thousand points in her skin and flavoring her sweat. She was in a daze as she felt Shelby sliding down her body.
Much more so than at the hospital, Emma felt changed. It was so much more purposeful, and she realized that she still wasn't sure if this was something she really wanted until now. Admitting attraction and craving pussy were two separate things and she had moved on to the second. She was bisexual. She always had been bisexual. It seemed like everyone knew it, but her, a secret she had kept from herself.
Emma smiled as she was surprised by the now-familiar tongue. She kept the smile on her face along with her left hand, with her right hand squeezing her chest. She pictured them in the third person. Two women, completely nude and perspiring with pleasure. Emma's fourth orgasm was without the thunder of her earlier ones, but it seemed more intimate and became her favorite moment of what she would always consider her first time with a woman.
The two kissed briefly, pulled up the blanket, and fell asleep.
Part 3 of 3: Blindfolded
Emma, who had already had plenty of sleep, woke up 20 minutes later and got in the shower. Jason came home sometime while she was in there, heard the shower running, and saw Shelby sleeping in his bed. "Guess she tuckered you out," he said with a daydream smile stuck on his face.
When Emma got out of the shower, she saw that Shelby was still asleep and knew that she had slept little, if any, after work. So, she grabbed some clothes and decided to dress in the living room to let Shelby rest. Jason really had gone to the grocery store and was putting things away when Emma walked out in just a towel holding her clothes. As soon as they saw each other, Emma dropped her towel and bent over their dining room table. Jason dropped his pants and slid into her. She started, "When I woke up, Shelby was already whispering to me, and I thought it was a dream. She was naked, and..."
When Shelby woke up, she heard the unmistakable sounds of a couple making no effort to be quiet. The table shifting across the floor a quarter-inch at a time, skin hitting skin, female moans, and male grunts; but also, Emma was still telling her story. "I swallowed it. Oh! I swallowed all of it. It's as inside of me as you are. Yes! Fuck! Oh, it will grow in my hair like rings on a tree marking every time I...mmmm...eat pussy." Shelby, still naked, looked around the corner. Emma reached back and started rubbing herself while Jason continued to knock her into the table. "She made me cum again. She loves the taste as much as you do. She said I...Ohhhhhh...taste like candy. When we kissed it was...oohoo...like...oh...eating two..." Emma laid the side of her head flat on the table bracing for her orgasm and made eye contact with Shelby who was also rubbing herself. Emma came instantly at the sight of Shelby, and Jason finally let go when she did.
Shelby didn't cum, but she didn't need to. She went back into the bedroom to get dressed and waited for Emma to come and get her. No one ever told Jason that she had watched them.
They ate dinner together and talked for a while about how it would all work. It was as new to Shelby as it was to the couple. She had never been a mistress before. It actually turned out to be an easy discussion because they were all conveniently like-minded. Shelby, in general, had never wanted a committed relationship. Monogamy and life-partners were not things she wanted or needed. Emma already had all the romance, support, and dedication she needed in her relationship with Jason. Despite what he had said at dinner the day before, Jason did turn down the offer of a threesome. He thought it best if it was just the two of them. Emma was all the woman he would ever need, but he knew he couldn't be that for her. Plus, having his smoking hot redheaded wife eating pussy was a literal dream come true.
For the next several months, Emma would often go to Shelby's Apartment. She was on the top floor of what used to be a 5 story office building. It had been renovated so that each apartment had its own level. Shelby had chosen it because she didn't like to share walls. She was never surer of that decision than when she started bringing the moaning, screaming redhead home with her.
They were closer friends than ever. Both women were more than happy to have finally found that common space in their Venn diagram that allowed them to spend more time together. Even though they often shared a bed or a meal, and certainly held some manner of love for each other, no true romance developed between them. Emma needed none and Shelby wanted none. They had effortlessly formed the kind of "friends with benefits" situation that is so often forced and so often fails. Perhaps the secret was that they made no effort not to care for each other. Perhaps they were just lucky to have exactly what they needed.
Emma and Jason's sex life had never been better. The new arrangement had brought them closer together as well. Emma's sex drive was at a whole new level. They were having sex about five days a week, often more than once in a day. They went on date nights to strip clubs and she blew him in the back seat of their Uber rides home. Emma found that she liked being a little bit submissive to Shelby, and they would send Jason pictures of them together and short videos of Shelby pounding Emma with a strapon or smothering her face.
Emma really wanted Jason to be able to see her and Shelby together with his own eyes. She knew that he would love it, but no one wanted him just sitting in the corner whacking off. So instead they had him film them together once. The two women played it up for the camera and everyone enjoyed themselves immensely.
The whole situation was just a positive for everyone. It was easy, and it was fun.
As Emma's appetites and experiences grew, however, she began to view the women of the world differently. They were all so beautiful. It seemed like every one of them knew what their best features were and how to highlight them. Emma could see the years of practice in finding accentuating clothing or the perfect cosmetics. Compared to the haphazard effort of most men, they just looked so damned sexy.
Emma wondered about the women she saw and occasionally undressed them with her eyes. She would sometimes fantasize about how they would feel if she touched them, or how they made love to their partners. She started watching more porn, especially women masturbating, marveling at the variety of bodies. Her random internet dives started to include searches like "best apps for LGBT hookups".
Most weeks, Emma would go home with Shelby after at least one of the nights they worked together. It was another part of her new lifestyle that benefited everyone. Shelby's apartment was a quieter place for Emma to sleep during the day, and her family didn't have to tip-toe around trying (often unsuccessfully) not to wake her. On one of those occasions, the two nurses woke up together in the afternoon, and Emma timidly started a conversation.
"Shelby, I have a question."
"That doesn't sound good. What is it?"
"How did you meet the other people you go out with?"
"Well, mostly I met them...by going out. Sometimes I've been introduced by other acquaintances, and..."
"And?"
"And there have been a couple of 'group' settings."
"Groups?"
"Oh, you like that."
"Shut up."
"C'mon Emma, I've been with you enough to know when something turns you on. Why are you asking? Do you want to meet some other people?"
"No. Well, yes. Heck, I don't know. We have such a good thing, and it's so easy and comfortable."
Shelby rolled her eyes and let out an exasperated sigh. "That's the way of most people, isn't it? They find a little bit of comfort and build walls around it. Lock themselves inside with it. Keep the other wonders of the universe away for fear of the unknown. Then they suck the same dick and cook the same meals for the next 40 years."
Emma felt a little offended. "I don't think it's as bad as you make it sound. Not everyone is built with the same wants and needs."
"Exactly, think of all the experiences you lost out on by trying to live inside those walls. Those walls weren't built by you, they were built for you by other people's expectations. Imagine how much fun you could have had if you were out in college, surrounded by hot girls in every direction."
"I mean, I guess, but I had plenty of fun without being a..."
Now it was Shelby's turn to take offense. "A what? A slut?"
"I'm sorry. I don't think that."
"I'm sorry, too. I know you don't think that, but you've been told, all your life, you should think that. We all have. Emma, you could really have it all. You've got a kind of unconditional love and support at home that most people will never know. You already have your comfortable life, and you've got the freedom to have wild flings whenever you want."
"I don't know about all that. Jason likes me being with you, but I don't want to take him for granted."
"I'm just saying Jason knew that you wanted something he couldn't give you. Now I can see you want more than I can give you, too. The whole idea of being a 'slut' is ridiculous. If you're the kind of person that wants to be with multiple partners, then that's the kind of person you are. It doesn't matter if you do it or not. Just like you were bisexual before you were with me. You were just a less satisfied bisexual. Other people, like Jason, aren't that way. We offered me up to Jason around your dinner table and he turned me down, because he's a one-woman guy. Emma, I hate to break it to ya, but you're not a one-woman girl."
"I know. I've been thinking about it all the time, but I can't just go meet somebody random. And I feel ashamed for wanting to."
"Of course you do. We've got other people's 'hand-me-down morals' telling us that we need to act like we aren't individuals. It comes from everywhere. Then we build that mental prison out of other people's expectations. You reached out of it and got me. I say you should throw open the gates and tear down the walls."
"I'm married remember. There are still some rules."
"I know how to play by the rules. Leave it to me. I can get rid of that shame you feel for wanting to be yourself."
"How do you plan on doing that?"
"You know that scene in The Matrix when Keanu Reeves has to pick the blue pill or the red pill?"
"Yes."
"Well?"
"Well, what?"
"Which one do you want, Emma? The blue pill or the red pill."
Shelby's eyes were hungry and serious. Emma chewed on her lip hesitantly for a moment before finding her resolve, "The red pill."
____________________
Shelby's apartment had a somewhat unusual layout. The outline of it was a perfect rectangle. The entryway was on one of the short ends, and there was a wall that cut the space into a front half and a back half. The front half had a kitchen, living room, and dining area. There was also a bathroom next to the kitchen that Emma had never used. The back half was all bedroom, or, perhaps more accurately, master suite. There were a bathroom and a very roomy walk-in closet, but most of it was just an extremely spacious bedroom. Some people might have filled the space with a sitting area and something like a large tri-fold mirror, but Shelby just had a black-framed, king-size bed with a white comforter and two matching black bedside dressers. The rest of the room was only filled with plush grey carpet that was a couple shades darker than the grey walls.
Sitting in the living room, Emma analyzed the blindfold in her hands, "I haven't seen this before. Did you just get it?
"It came in the mail a couple days ago."
"Did you get this just to use with me?"
"Well, you'll be the first, but you can't take it with you. Maybe next time I'll wear it."
"Okay, why can't you be the one who wears it this time?"
"I've already thought about all the things I'm going to do to you when you can't see. I doubt you showed up with a list of blindfolded activities in your pocket."
"Why'd you text Jason that I'd be staying the night?"
(Shelby hadn't expected Jason to show her that.)
"Oh, Emma, you're going to be too tired to go home. I did say there was a whole list of activities to get through."
It had been over a month since Emma had agreed to Shelby's plan, but Shelby refused to tell her when or what that would be. Despite her recent sexual awakening, Emma was still intimidated or even fearful of her own sexual nature. When her passion was running high, she felt too out of control. It felt so right in the moment, but, beforehand, the idea of it felt wrong or more accurately, it felt improper. That is what Shelby thought of as "a cage made of other people's expectations". Somewhere, deep down inside herself, Emma knew that she craved it all, all the skin and bodies, mouths and fingers, submission and dominance. Emma felt like her control over herself had eroded, and she couldn't decide if that was good or bad. She saw the blindfold as intentionally giving up a piece of whatever control she had left. It scared her mind and excited her body.
Something was different about that moment. There was an intensity in the air, and in Shelby. Emma could sense the blindfold was important somehow. Shelby's face was trying to conceal the anxiety present in her body. Emma's mind reeled. Something else was different. The bedroom door was closed!
Her first thought was that there could've been some other woman in there. Emma pictured her waiting on the bed in black lingerie. What else could be hidden? Some kind of red-room bondage chamber? She had let Shelby dominate her a few times, but nothing involving being tied up or blindfolded. Then her mind went back to the idea of a woman on the bed, and she pictured herself between the woman and Shelby.
Emma's body wanted the unknown, but her mind wouldn't allow her to put the blindfold on. That particular battle between mind and body seemed somehow climactic, like the war might be won or lost based on her decision. It was a simple request from someone she trusted deeply, "put on the blindfold", but her hands wouldn't do what her heart wanted. The moment was oddly intense, Shelby was oddly intense, and Emma's mind was still spinning trying to figure out why.
"Emma. I've got quite an evening planned for you, but you seem nervous. If you're not up to it, we can just go out to dinner. This is just about having a good time, it's not worth stressing about."
"What's behind the bedroom door? It's never closed."
"An unseemly number of orgasms."
Emma nodded and slowly put the blindfold up to her face. Shelby tied it securely. The blindfold was not a simple strip of cloth. It had cushioned eye patches sewn into it, and it completely took away her sight without any shadows or peripherals coming through.
Shelby took both of Emma's hands and stood her up. Then Shelby kissed her. Their tongues went into each other's mouths without any hesitation. Their taste buds swirled while their lips chewed and their arms wrapped around their bodies. Both women felt the other's skin flush and grow hot. Shelby broke the kiss, grabbed Emma's hand, and walked her through the bedroom door.
____________________
The air felt different. The minimalist set-up in the room typically made it feel airy and sometimes cold. Emma thought it was just the blindfold, that she usually must have felt a bit of what her eyes saw in all the open space. But there was more. It smelled different. She could detect some mix of flowery scents. It made her wonder if Shelby had put out lotions or lit candles. Either one seemed potentially exciting, but maybe a bit uncharacteristically romantic from her best friend/booty call.
Shelby stopped them in what Emma thought must be either the middle of the oversized room or near the foot of the bed. Shelby slipped the straps of Emma's dress over her shoulder and let it fall to the floor. Emma began to see the attraction of the blindfold as Shelby kissed her neck while undoing her bra. Then Shelby backed away. Emma could feel the wet spots on her neck exposed to the air, but nothing else. She felt unsteady. Only her feet on the carpet made sure she was tethered to the Earth.
Emma jumped when she felt Shelby come up behind her. She felt Shelby's arms wrap around her and Shelby's hand slide into her underwear. Emma was more than ready, and a finger began pumping into her in a way it had never done before. The whole hand rocked back and forth over a pivot point, rubbing her clit whenever the finger retracted. It was a divine sensation and it made her legs like jelly. She sank down to her knees and let herself get wrapped up from behind again. The rocking, pumping motion resumed, but it wasn't Shelby behind her. It was never Shelby behind her because, at that moment, Shelby's voice came from in front of her.
"Emma, we're not alone."
(Emma's hand instinctively shot up toward the blindfold but was stopped by Shelby's. Not forcefully. Shelby didn't grab her wrist or shove Emma's hand away. She only put her hand in the way of the reflex with her fingertips touching Emma's temple.)
"We're not breaking any of your rules. However, before you go taking the blindfold off, let me explain MY rules for tonight."
(Emma realized she was reflexively humping the hand expertly working inside her underwear. She felt like she was supposed to pull away, but this was what she wanted. This was what she was hoping for when she put on the blindfold. She still felt like she wasn't supposed to want it. Then a mouth clamped down on her left nipple. "There's two of them," she thought as she continued to bounce and roll on whoever's hand was pleasing her, "how many more coul...". Another mouth began licking and sucking her right nipple. Both women were massaging the breast their mouth was on with one hand and rubbing Emma's glorious hips and ass with the other.)
"My rules are simple. The evening is over when you take the blindfold off. You can take it off right now, and these three women will stop and walk away. You'll see who they are, but the price of knowing, is everything stops. No one is going to tie you up or make it so that you can't take the blindfold off. Now, or later, it will all be over as soon as you take off the blindfold"
(Emma's hand was still up, frozen on its original way to take off the blindfold. Shelby's hand was no longer in the way. Emma had six hands and two mouths taking a full survey of her body. What was left of other people's expectations, other people's definitions of ladylike, and other people's definitions of slut, were trying to hide, scared, deep in Emma's mind.)
"If you leave the blindfold on, these women will fulfill every fantasy you've ever told me. Including being another woman's first. This is the woman on your right's coming out party."
(That woman raised up and kissed Emma with shocking passion. Emma could sense years of longing in that kiss. It was the kind of kiss a soldier gets in the first private moment after coming back from war. It broke Emma's faux panic. It melted away every worry. This woman was herself a few months ago, touching and tasting a woman for the first time too late in life because she was taught not to trust her own emotions. Emma was her Shelby, her guide to being true to herself. Emma's raised hand finally lowered and moved into the tightly curled hair of the woman she was kissing.)
"If you leave the blindfold on, these could be any women in the world. Maybe a friend from college that wants to know what your pussy tastes like. Maybe a woman you've seen in the grocery store that wants you to cum all over her strapon. You won't know if you're licking your favorite waitress's pussy or sharing that taste with your boss in a kiss."
"I'm the only one that's going to talk. If you want to hear anyone else's voice, you'll have to make them moan."
Emma felt someone step over her shoulder so that they had one foot in front of her left side and one behind her right side. Whoever it was, they gently tilted Emma's head back and lowered themselves onto her mouth. When she felt the smooth lips of the woman on her mouth and trimmed hairs on her nose, Emma eagerly dove her tongue into who she assumed was Shelby. The lips weren't as full, and the taste was unfamiliar, very unfamiliar. It was much richer and more intense than Shelby. In short, it was delicious. Emma suddenly found herself unintimidated by her situation. She was just eager to sample the whole buffet of experiences that had been prepared for her. She could always take the blindfold off when she had had her fill and see who they were.
At that point, the count was four. She was riding one's hand while licking another's pussy like it was the only thing keeping her alive. The two women working her breasts pulled off and grabbed her hands. Each of them led one of Emma's hands between their legs. They were both excited, but the first-timer on her right was so wet it was running down her legs. It felt like the woman on her left was wearing some kind of garter or crotchless panties. Before finding her clit, Emma ran her hand along the thighs and found stockings. There was no such body mapping for her right hand. Both of the first-timer's hands steered Emma's fingers straight inside where they were swallowed up eagerly.
That got Emma her first moan. As her fingers slid in, the moan came out. Then, as if it were contagious, a moaning, grunting chorus formed around her, singing its song of pleasure. The second to join was the woman she was licking. Then from several feet away a moan let her know that there were people she had not yet encountered, probably touching themselves to the show she was putting on. Picturing an aroused audience caused her own body to flush with excitement, and the woman fingering her (who was also fingering herself at that point) let out a moan with the rest when her hand was soaked anew.
Emma heard the first camera snap, and she smiled around her busy tongue. She knew Jason would lose his mind when he saw her smothered by four women. She loved driving him crazy.
The moans continued to spread across the room and Emma lost any attempt at a count. It could have been 6 or 7, but also could've been two dozen. She was jerked out of that thought, and away from the women on either side, by being aggressively pulled into the pussy she was pleasing. Whoever it was, she was cumming, and cumming hard. Two hands on the back of Emma's head pulled her in so tightly that she could feel the weight on her teeth. She struggled to keep her tongue working the succulent woman, eager to taste her impending orgasm. Now that Emma's hands were free, she ran them over the woman's body. She felt it happen, a ripple of tightening muscles imploding into the center before bursting out with a buck against her mouth. She wrapped both hands around the delicious woman's ass to hold on. She licked and sucked and held the woman in place through her orgasm. There was no gush like Shelby, but a fresh batch of juices coated both her lips and Emma's. It was like catching drops of heaven on her tongue. Then they released each other, and the woman disappeared from Emma's touch into her blindness. Similarly, the woman behind her pulled her hand out of Emma's underwear and backed away audibly sucking her fingers.
There had been so much sensory information that Emma had almost forgotten she was blindfolded. Now, free of the four women who had encased her, she was again off-balance in the dark. Emma had forgotten where she was in the room and didn't know which way she was facing. A soft moan to her right was the first bit of input she had to navigate with, and she crawled toward it through the darkness. Barely more than an arm's length away, the first thing she found attached to the sound, was that head of tightly curled hair.
Emma's hand explored the body. Whoever she was, she was furiously masturbating. Her body was soft under Emma's hands, far more plump than either of the other female bodies she had examined. On top of all the tense, self-pleasing muscles was a cloudy layer of puffy flesh. There was something inherently feminine about it, delicate and substantial. As Emma's hands moved south, circumventing the two arms that were hard at work, they grasped at the feast of tender flesh. There wasn't enough of a stomach for her to think of the woman as fat, but she must have been very full-figured. After Emma found the woman's large circling hips, she moved around the body to get between the legs. Emma said, "Let me help you with that", and dove into a world of succulent puffy flesh. The woman's pussy was like a large peach without a pit. There was soft wetness engulfing Emma's whole mouth and part of her cheeks. Emma struggled a bit at first to keep her nose where she could get breath. Then, more of that tender, womanly flesh contacted Emma as the two thick thighs squeezed her ears, effectively removing another of her senses. Leaving only the new taste of another woman and the soft embrace of her comforting skin.
Emma felt three hands begin to remove her underwear. She could sense their two owners on either side of her as she lifted her knees and then toes to let the underwear slide off her legs. Her ass was hiked up in the air and her back was arched downward to her buried face. "Curly Hair" was moaning in the fast rhythm of her panting breaths, preparing to cum on the redhead's busy tongue, when a strapon entered Emma from behind. She moaned like a woman getting exactly what she was hoping for.
She lifted her head with her eyes closed, biting her slick flavorful bottom lip. Emma's focus shifted to pushing back into the dildo. She wanted all of it in her, but Curly Hair's hand, desperately grasping for the back of Emma's head, put her back on the task of finishing what she started.
Emma was now fully nude, getting fucked from behind in front of a room full of women, with her tongue in some mystery woman's pussy, and she had never been more turned on.
The strapon began pumping into her at a steady pace. It was driving Emma's face into Curly Hair's pussy. Emma laid a fat flat tongue at the base of Curly Hair's clit and let the hips slamming into her ass do the rest. Each thrust and retreat pushed and pulled Emma's tongue across the swollen bud. Curly Hair kept one hand on the back of Emma's head and, after a moment, she started to grind against Emma's face at a much quicker pace. Curly Hair's other hand pounded against the floor, and then a small flood let Emma know her work was done for the moment.
She turned her head and lay her cheek on the quivering pussy she had just pleased and began to melt into the sensations of whoever was fucking her. The fullness of the strapon at the end of each thrust was maddening in its perfection. Emma was still being pushed into Curly Hair's lips and after a few seconds of her cheek passively grinding into them she could sense there was more to do. She turned her head to flutter her tongue against the re-engorged clit, and Emma gave Curly Hair her second orgasm almost instantly.
The pace of the strapon increased dramatically. The woman behind her sunk her fingers into Emma's hips drilled her with what she recognized as the toy she and Shelby had picked out together. Every thrust adopted an audible smack when it met Emma's perfect ass. Curly Hair was still receiving the good work of Emma's mouth as the other woman fucked her like a jack-hammer. With her body being frenetically tossed around and her own moans escaping around her tongue, Emma delivered Curly Hair's third orgasm about two minutes later to actual applause.
By that point, Emma needed to cum badly. She scrambled away from the strapon, through Curly Hair's legs and sat on her mouth. She felt the woman under her freeze with panic. Emma told her, "This won't take long, I promise. Stick your tongue down toward your chin and wave your head side to side." True to her word Emma came quickly with both of her hands full of tightly curled hair. The orgasm itself was not spectacular, but it was relieving enough to let her take emotional pleasure in the savoring moans of the newly christened pussy eater lapping up what she was feeding her.
Emma crawled back toward where she had left whoever was wearing the strapon and found that she was still there, but she wasn't alone. She was lying on her back and someone was bouncing up and down on top of her, riding her like a cowgirl.
Emma discovered a glorious fact about being with women that night in Shelby's enormous bedroom. Every woman's body is a uniquely erotic experience. Emma wrapped her arms around "Cowgirl" and she was tiny. Her body was so small and tight and slim, but still held all the femininity of all the others. Her skin was smooth and supple, her pert breasts perfectly filled Emma's palm, and she had just enough hips and ass that Emma could feel them flatten out when they crashed down on the woman under her. She was just as much woman as the curvaceous Curly Hair or long shapely Shelby, and her femininity made Emma want her.
Emma reached around in between Cowgirl's legs and found her clit. She flicked it back and forth with her finger like a windshield wiper. Cowgirl sank down on the silicone dick inside her, tilted her head back, and pulled Emma in for a kiss. Their tongues wrapped around each other, and both of their mouths tasted like the other mystery women in the room. Cowgirl came while their tongues were still sharing their secrets, and then she got up and pulled Emma forward. Emma lowered herself onto it, feeling the slickness of Cowgirls juices sliding into her. She reached down to touch herself, feeling another orgasm could be quickly achieved with the wet strapon inside of her, but instead she was slowly bent over by someone behind her. Judging by the small delicate hands she assumed it was the woman she had just been kissing.
The woman wearing the strapon hugged Emma's body to her own and began pumping it into her at a fast and steady pace. Cowgirl put on another strapon, but it was much smaller, only about the size of a hotdog. Emma had no idea until it started to slide into her ass. It was a fantasy she had only said out loud once in her life. Emma wondered if Jason had told Shelby, knowing she could make it happen. The small dildo eased its way in delicately, with the care administered by someone familiar with the sensation of having things aggressively shoved in their ass.
Once fully inserted, the three women started a perfect alternating rhythmic dance. Emma rolled her hips forward in unison with a thrust from beneath her, while Cowgirl pulled back. Then Emma rolled her hips back, welcoming Cowgirl's thrust into her. Things started very slow. (front...back...front...back) Sliding in and out with smooth and sensual ease. Emma felt impossibly full. The women inside of her were both experienced and made sure it was as comfortable as it was pleasurable.
As Emma got more into the sensations, the pace quickened (front...back...front...back). Emma placed her hands wide out on the floor for support. She started humping at them both with such force she nearly knocked Cowgirl over, but the gathering crowd caught her and held her in place before she slipped out. (front back front back) Emma was still blindfolded and began to feel many unknown hands rubbing her body, fondling her tits, squeezing her ass, and tugging her hair. It was an exhibitionist's dream. (frontbackfrontbackfrontback) The forceful rolling of her hips became frantic and almost violent. The woman under her had to raise her knees for fear that Emma would break the harness. Cowgirl had to have someone hold her up against the force of Emma impaling herself again and again with mad eagerness. She fucked herself harder than anyone else had ever dared, working her body with maximum effort, making unintelligible sounds like a maniac. The other two women could barely hold on as she turned her head up with veins rising out of her neck and released a teeth-baring scream into her blind darkness.
The body-wrecking orgasm was a complete surprise to Emma. She didn't recognize it coming from somewhere other than her clit. She didn't even think it was possible for her. Emma lunged forward away from both members and curled up in the embrace of a woman she found there, riding out the remainder of her orgasm, holding her knees to her chest. After she had finished cumming, she rolled onto her back, flat on the floor, and felt the leather straps of the strapon being slid over her feet and up her legs. She was just recovering her breath as the buckle was tightened and someone with very muscular thighs lowered themselves onto it.
Emma had never worn a strapon and couldn't really tell if she was supposed to do anything with it while on bottom. She was too spent anyhow and just let herself be ridden, thankful for a break after the overwhelming sensations of being DP'd for the first time. Emma's hands were pulled off of the thighs straddling her and each one was handed a dildo. The one in her left hand was buzzing and moving. The one in her right hand was so monstrous that her fingers could not meet on the other side of it. Both were led away from her body and straddled. She felt a pussy lower on each of them to the top of her hands.
Two more women crawled up on either side of the one riding her hips and began kissing Emma's chest and ribs and stomach all the way up to her collar bone. With five women on top of her, she felt there was only one thing to do. Still blindfolded, Emma tilted her head back, opened her mouth, and stuck out her tongue, silently asking the darkness for another woman. She felt two shins deftly placed on either side of her head without sitting on her hair (being with women had many advantages), and a new set of lips were placed on her tongue.
The seven women were all luxuriating in the eroticism of the moment. Not one of them was in a rush to get anywhere. Three women slowly and continually impaled themselves on the toys Emma was wearing and holding. Emma pictured them kissing each other and fondling themselves. She remembered what Shelby had said earlier and began imagining that they were women she had known or wanted.
The two women between those three were seemingly on a mission to kiss every inch of Emma's body. Their lips found the nape of her neck, the areola of her breast, and the scar at the top of her belly button. Everything they touched became an erogenous zone, and they touched everywhere.
Emma was taking the time to map and explore the newest woman on her mouth with long probing licks, and the woman was more than happy to feel Emma's tongue on every inch of her pussy.
In that moment, Emma felt that not only was all of it not wrong, all of it was right. That sort of joyful succulent sexuality. No one was being harmed by it. No one was being demeaned or losing their sense of morality. She wasn't endangering her marriage or home life. The only reason people told her that something like seven consenting adults taking their pleasures in each other was wrong, was because someone had told them it was wrong. It was just "hand-me-down morals" with no reason or basis in reality.
While the last shadows of other people's expectations were leaving Emma's mind, the group's audience descended upon them. Each of the three riders had someone sit behind them to reach around and rub their clits, and each of the body kissers got a tongue in them. Then, Emma felt Shelby put the toy she had worn at work inside of her, beneath the strapon, and turn it on.
The pace of everything quickened. The air was filled with intensity and moans. More women joined, fingering the clit workers and licking those who were licking the body kissers. Emma couldn't see the increasing crowd, but she could feel all the motion around her and hear kiss stifled moans expanding away from her body. The woman on her mouth came first, but she then stayed in her place near the center of the writhing female mass. Then the pleasure of the toy inside of Emma finally told her hips what to do with the woman riding her. She drove up into the owner of the muscular thighs who had been stilled by the person rubbing her clit, and the rider came at nearly the same time as the woman riding the self-thrusting phallus in Emma's left hand.
There seemed to be other orgasms happening all around her. She could feel bodies jerking, and she could hear voices calling out. Everyone stayed in their place, leaning against each other, riding a single wave of post-orgasmic hormones, until the last of them, the size-queen on Emma's right hand came while laughing at the incredible nature of what they had just completed.
As everyone dismounted each other, Emma felt the toy inside her turn all the way up.
"Where are you, Shelby?"
"Come find me, just keep the blindfold on."
Emma got to her feet and headed toward the voice, still wearing the strapon, fully intending to pound Shelby into next week. She hit the edge of the bed and blindly crawled onto it feeling her way. What she found were feet. Too many feet. Six of them in total with ankles up and toes down. Emma was able to picture what was happening and, after running her hand farther up the legs, confirmed that there were three women, ass up on the bed. They were side by side and one of them was Shelby.
It wasn't hard for Emma to recognize Shelby's body and she entered the woman in the middle. The toy in Emma started cycling in its alternating waves and Emma took it out and put it in the woman on her right. Shelby wasn't in charge.
As Emma began to stroke in and out of Shelby, she called out, "I want someone in front of her, too." Immediately she felt another body crawl onto the bed and position themselves in front of Shelby. Emma reached up under Shelby's torso and took the remote from her hand. She held it out to her right and said, "Someone take this." Then she smacked the ass of the woman on her left and added, "Then someone take of her, too."
Emma felt powerful directing the room while fucking Shelby, who was diligently licking as intended. After her hands confirmed that the woman on her left was tightly wrapped in a sixty-nine and the woman on her right buzzing away, Emma grabbed Shelby's hips and began pounding her as fast and as hard as she could.
Shelby was letting out a series of mumbled moans while still doing her best to please the woman in front of her. She could tell that Shelby was already heading for an orgasm. So, it must not have been her first. But, still, making her cum with a strapon was proving far more taxing than tongues, fingers, or vibrators had been. Emma was fighting a cramp in her right thigh and Shelby was getting closer still. She kept up the breakneck pace for as long as she could and decided to stop, but Shelby lifted her mouth off the pussy and cried, "I'm cumming. Oh, Emma, I'm cumming". So, Emma continued on, out of breath with her heart racing and a layer of sweat across her back.
Shelby was good to her word and came on Emma's strapon. Emma stood off the bed, unlatched the belt of it, and let it fall to the floor. She was planning on climbing back onto the bed where she had left 5 bodies, but women gathered on all sides of her and she was covered in hands. She kissed from mouth to mouth and tongue to tongue and groped into the pile of bodies. She couldn't believe the endless bounty of skin and tits and ass and mouths and hair and just...femininity.
And then...
Several hands guided Emma to lay on her back on the carpeted floor. Her face was straddled, and her pussy was licked immediately. The two women worked independently, as if the other didn't exist. Eventually, Emma came on that tongue and then another. She came from a vibrator then a finger. Women came on her face and in her mouth and were replaced with more women coming on her face and in her mouth. An impossible number of hands touched her body and their owner's lips dotted her skin with tongue laden kisses. It seemed to go on forever. Emma screamed and moaned with pleasure until her voice went hoarse then silent.
After each climax, she was sure she couldn't have another and each time she was proven wrong, even though it kept getting more difficult...
The warm-up took longer:
They were so gentle and took great care to touch her without causing overstimulated discomfort.
The stimulation took longer:
Emma had always cum easily, but now she was exhausting women, forcing them to tap in and out.
But the orgasms also lasted longer:
Eventually, she was cumming for minutes at a time.
The women on her face showed up ready to cum. They must have been touching themselves or each other. They usually only needed her increasingly feeble mouth for a matter of seconds. Woman after woman. She couldn't tell if it was a rotation or a parade. Emma had reached a kind of euphoric delirium. Her body was beyond flooded with hormones from her own endless orgasms, and she was cum drunk on pussy.
Her knees were held up by two rotating volunteers at a time to allow the next tongue or fingers or vibrator proper access. Emma's body went increasingly limp and her own tongue became nothing more than a passive sex toy the other women humped and came on endlessly. Eventually, it appeared that her body had no more to give. The women between her legs had given up, and Emma heard, "My turn, I know what she likes." From Shelby's familiar voice.
A woman came on Emma's tongue and Emma pulled a trickle of liquids into her mouth before sticking her tongue out for the next one.
Shelby's tongue began its impossibly fast circles around Emma's clit as another woman began grinding on Emma's tongue.
Slowly, Emma could feel an unstoppable orgasm building from some place so deep inside her body that she thought it must have been her soul.
The woman came hard on Emma's mouth and her juices went unattended to, running down Emma's cheek. Her tongue stayed flat over her bottom lip, and another pussy began to make use of it.
Emma's body was filled with heat.
She breathed heavily through her nose while her closed mouth was wrapped up in plump lips she was unaware belonged to the woman with the tightly curled hair.
Shelby's tongue was relentless, the circles perfect and unfaltering.
Emma's body began to convulse so violently that Curly Hair abandoned what would have amounted to her tenth orgasm of the evening.
Emma's stomached flexed and her blindfolded head flew back like the end of a whip.
The orgasm reached every point of her being. Not one muscle was functioning under her control. Emma's body was operating completely autonomously. She came so hard and so beautifully that everyone in the room could feel their own bodies tighten as if Emma were radiating orgasmic shockwaves.
Then something blacker than darkness washed over her vision.
She woke up alone in the bed the next day. The other ladies had carried her to it, like a fallen hero, after making her cum until she passed out. The blindfold was off. Midday sun filled the room. On the nightstand was 14 strips of paper with names and phone numbers. Emma let out a brief laugh realizing that was a hell of a way to meet some other women.
She felt at peace. There were no conflicts left inside of her. Emma had realized that she didn't need to be afraid of an extraordinary experience just because other people were. She had friends and lovers and a partner and a family, but she was also her own person. And that person was extraordinary, the kind of person that decides to take the leap, the kind of person that decides to take the red pill, the kind of person that decides to keep the blindfold on.