Chapter 1 -- Judi's Gangbang
"Are you going to the gangbang tonight?" Billy asked me.
"What are you talking about?" I asked him.
"Freddy's wife is going to take on all comers. They have rented the Johnson's lodge out in Duval and she is going to live out her big fantasy. Billy told me that she has been dreaming about this for years. She wants to fuck and suck as many men as she can. Apparently she just loves the taste and smell of cum and is an insatiable cock sucker. Are you in?"
I thought about Judi, Fred's wife. I had always thought of her as a real hottie, but not as a cum-slut. She is about 5'5" tall and has nice c-cup tits (as best I could guess), and has a great body, but she always dressed rather conservatively when I saw her. What Billy was telling me made me see her in a whole new light.
I also thought about Susan, the woman I have been married to for 11 years. Susan is is 32, 5'9" tall and weighs in at 125 pounds. She has a beautiful thick head of auburn hair and a runner's body. She is tall and lean but fills a C-cup quite nicely. She is an accountant by profession and perhaps that is where our challenges lie. I am a marriage and family counselor. I work with people and emotions and she works with data and numbers.
My name is Bob Carpenter. I am 35, just over six feet tall and I tip the scales at 185. Susan and I live in a modest home in Kirkland, Washington, and we have no children. We both wanted kids, but something in our chemistry never allowed us to have any.
Susan is a beautiful woman and I love her dearly, but our marriage lacks passion and excitement, so Billy's offer caught my attention. I hunger for some excitement and the thought of a wild and crazy gangbang party sounded like just the ticket.
"Count me in," I told him and asked him to pick me up on his way to the party.
I went home, had dinner with Susan and told her I was going out with Billy and some friends tonight. Susan and I have a good relationship, but I doubted that she would approve of my participating in a cluster fuck of Freddy's wife. Or at least, so I thought at the time.
I went upstairs and took a shower and changed into some lose fitting shorts with no underwear, a T-shirt and sandals and was ready when Billy honked. Billy DeAngelo is a hot blooded Italian wild man. He is a a 34 year old builder of tract homes. He loves beer, football and sexy women. We met playing soccer a few years ago and have hung around together ever since.
"So I never thought of Judi as a slut. She always seemed so sweet," I said to Billy as we got underway.
"Me too," he replied. "But apparently she and Freddy are swingers, at least according to Gordie. He said he and Freddy got a bit hammered a few weeks ago and Freddy told him about Judi's insatiable sex drive. They go to swinging parties at least once a month and Judi has been known to fuck three or four men in an evening, but she never seems to get enough. So they talked about her desire to be the only woman in a room full of cocks. She wants to make at least 20 men cum in her mouth tonight, Gordie said."
"Wow, who'd of thunk it," I said. "So who else is coming?"
"I don't know how many, but I know that Gordie and Freddy have been busy spreading the word. So how did you get away from Susan so easily?"
"I just told her you and I are going out drinking with some of our friends."
"Carousing is more like it," Billy replied. "What would Susan say if she knew that you were going to a gangbang?"
I thought about Billy's question for awhile. Susan and I have been married for 11 years. We have OK but not terribly frequent sex. We have talked about what it might take to spice up our sex life, but she always seems uncomfortable with that conversation and winds up changing the subject.
"I suspect that she would be angry with me, but she would probably get over it. I may get shut off for a couple weeks, but that would be nothing new," I told Billy.
Something in the back of my mind told me that I was wrong about how Susan would react, but I didn't have much of a chance to think about it because Billy started telling me about the rumors he had heard about Judi.
"After Gordie told me about Freddy's invitation, I had lunch with George Sampson and Harry Albert. Both of them had heard about the party and will probably be here tonight. George told me that he had heard about Judi's sexual overdrive. I don't know where he heard about it, but he said that she has taken on three men at the same time, one in her pussy, one in her ass and one in her mouth. That should be a sight to see. Apparently she can have squirting orgasms. Have you ever seen a squirter?"
"Only in porn flicks. Cytheria is the queen of the squirters," I told Billy. "She can douse the camera from 15 feet away. I have seen some of her orgasms and they are something to behold."
"Yeah, she is," Billy replied. "And she can do it over and over again. According to George, so can Judi."
"What, shoot it across the room or cum repeatedly?" I asked.
"She's multi-orgasmic," said Billy. "Or at least that's the rumor." He turned on the radio and tuned in KMTT, one of the local rock stations as we headed out to Duval, a small town out in the countryside. It took us about 20 minutes once we had cleared the usual traffic jam on route 520.
We made it to Duval and then turned up a dirt road that lead to the Johnson lodge.
"There it is, up on the hill," said Billy. "And judging from the number of cars, I think Judi's going to get her wish, and then some."
We pulled up to the Johnson lodge. It was a huge log home in the classic hunting lodge tradition. A central great room with a huge stone fireplace was bracketed by a kitchen and dining area off to the left and the master bed-room off to the right. The roof of the great room was at least 20' high and there were several bedrooms upstairs. As we pulled up, we could see through the giant windows that covered the front of the lodge and there were at least 30 men standing around in the great room, drinking beer and talking.
We parked and went to the front door. We didn't even get a chance to knock when Harry Albert opened the door and handed us each a beer. Harry is in his late twenty's and has a sculpted body from his regular workouts. He is rumored to be quite a stud, but I have no idea where I heard that rumor.
"Welcome, gents," Harry said as we walked in. "I hope your pipes are fully loaded because tonight they are going to get drained."
"So what's the program, Harry," I asked.
"Well, Judi has been in the bedroom getting herself ready and when she decides its time, the fun begins."
"So how does this work. We can't all fuck her at the same time," said Billy.
"When she comes out, we will all gather around and welcome her. We are free to touch her any time anywhere, but no hitting or our rough stuff. She is in control, so let her take the lead."
"OK by me," I said as I looked around the room. I knew some of the faces, but most were strangers to me. There were men of all ages from the early twenties to the late fifties and even two men in their sixties. Most men were in decent shape, but many had growing bellies and receding hair. I spotted Gordie and went over to say hi.
"Glad you came," he said as I walked up. "Are you ready for this," he asked?
"I guess so, but I have never participated in a gangbang before, so I..." I stopped as the whole room went silent. The door to the bedroom had opened and standing in the doorway was an apparition in white and black. Judi was dressed in a sheer white silk dress that hung on her very loosely. The front had a deep V that exposed substantial cleavage. The arm holes were cut very deeply and the bottom of the dress came to her mid-thighs. She had on black stockings and stiletto heels, and a string of black pearls around her neck that drooped deeply between her boobs and contrasted with her white dress. The bedroom lights behind her shone through the sheer dress and her crotch was highlighted from behind. It was clear that there was nothing under her dress except skin. Still standing in the doorway, she turned to her right and leaned over to pull up the stocking on her right leg. As she bent over, her dress fell away from her body and her breasts became fully visible. I realized in that moment that I had underestimated her bra size by at least a full cup, or that she had had her boobs enlarged since the last time I saw her.
I was staring at one of the most beautiful bodies I had seen in recent memory.
"Hello, fellows," she purred. "See anything you like?" She strolled slowly into the room, looking at each man as she passed him. Some she knew and greeted with a kiss... on the lips. When she got to Harry, she stopped and said, "High there, Harry. Is it true what I've heard about you," she asked him.
"What's that?" Harry replied.
Judi reached between Harry's legs and grabbed his cock. "I have heard that you have a 10 inch cock and know how to use it," Judi said. "I hope that's true," she finished, giving his cock a squeeze and turning to another man who I didn't know.
"Hello, Robin. I was hoping you would be here. After that fucking you gave me last time we saw each other, I was hungry for more."
"I'm here to oblige," Robin answered, and reached out to Judi's left tit and started to stroke it. Judi faced Robin and set her feet about 18 inches apart and threw her head back as Robin pulled the top of her dress open and started to stroke both of her boobs.
"Feel free to join in," Freddy announced. Gordie, who was standing right behind Judi started stroking her back and moving his hands down toward her ass. He pulled the back of her dress up and started stroking her buns and she swiveled her head and said, "I want to feel your cock against my skin, Gordie."
Gordie was the first man to drop his pants as he moved up against Judi and started stroking her ass with his cock. Judi stood up straight and shook her shoulders. Her dressed drifted off her and onto the floor. She stepped out of her dress, reached to Robin and pulled his pants down and bent over to take his cock in her mouth. She started sucking him and Gordie started preparing to do her doggie style as the rest of the men quickly got the message. Pants off.
We all gathered around Judi as she would suck one cock and then another and another in quick succession. Sometimes she tried to get two cocks into her mouth at the same time and sometime she just focused on one at a time. Men started cuming and squirting all over her. Some landed on her face, her chest, her hair and some even landed in her mouth.
Gordie was starting to pound with intention and as he started to groan, Judi swung around and took him deep in her mouth. She swallowed him all the way to his balls and licked his balls while she was inhaling his cock. Gordie's face took on that "I'm coming!" look and with a shudder, he drained himself down her throat.
As Judi finished swallowing him, I saw her start to shake and shudder herself, and I saw a small squirt of juice shoot from her pussy. She got a slightly glazed look on her face as she let go of Gordie and started sucking any cocks she could reach, and there were plenty to pick from. Some would cum quickly and dump their loads on her face, but the ones with larger cocks, she insisted on deep throating. It started to become clear to me that the taste of cum down her throat was what was triggering her orgasms.
"I want a man on the floor to fuck my pussy and another up my ass," Judi ordered us. Quickly one man was prone on his back with his dick sticking straight up. Judi sat on him and pulled him into her cunt. Another knelt behind her and started to press his cock on her back door. Judi wiped some cum from her face onto her hand and reached back to the back door cock and rubbed with cum. "I'm ready. Give it to me now and make it hard," she ordered.
Both men started fucking her and she build up a rhythm with them that was getting faster and faster. There were still dozens of men standing around in front of Judi and she would reach out and grab a cock and suck on it until it came or she got bored with it and went to another cock. She continued to fuck two men and serial suck others until the two guys fucking her said they were about to cum. She jumped off both of them and turned to face them. She sucked first the man who had been fucking her pussy and then switched to the man who had been fucking her ass, pounding on their cocks with both her hand and her mouth.
As she was doing this, another man started fucking her from the rear and a dozen or so men were just jacking off close by.
Judi would change cocks frequently, but when she found a really big one, she made it a point to take it all the way down her throat and keep it there while until it yield its payload. And as she did this, her squirting orgasms started to get wetter and longer. Each time she had one of these orgasms, she seemed to get a little wilder. Before long, there were twenty men standing around jacking off on her face and body, many of whom she never had a chance to suck.
This whole event lasted about two hours. Every man in the place had as many chances to dump as many loads as they could muster on or in her. Some of the older men could only handle one shot, but a few of the twenty-somethings got it up at least four times. Overall, she was responsible for at least 60 male orgasms that night, and probably many more; and I saw her cum at least a dozen times, in very liquid form.
When things started to slow down, Billy and I took our leave and headed back home. He dropped me off in front of my house. As I walked from Billy's car, I could see Susan through the living room window. The curtains were wide open and she was sitting on the couch watching TV. I walked in the door and went over to kiss her and as I did, she grabbed my shirt and looked directly at me.
She leaned toward me and sniffed me and my shirt. "That's pussy I smell," she said. "Were you at Judi's gangbang?"
I was a bit stunned by her reaction and by her question. How did she know about Judi's gangbang? I am not a very good liar and Susan had caught me flat footed and with evidence in hand. "Yes," I told her a bit sheepishly, "How did you know about that?"
Susan looked at me with her head slightly tilted to the right. She was clearly thinking about what to say to me, but she didn't appear angry and that puzzled me. I expected her to come down on me like a ton of bricks, but she seemed to be headed in a different direction.
"Did you like it?" she asked. "Tell me the truth and don't try to hide or shade anything. I can easily check, so here's your chance to be completely honest. Understand?"
I shook my head rather lamely, feeling guilty and confused at the same time.
"I asked you if you liked it," Susan said again.
"Yes, it was fun."
"What happened? Tell me how the whole evening unfolded."
So I told her about how Judi made the grand entrance and then started to take on all cummers (so to speak).
"How many men did she fuck?" Susie asked.
"I wasn't keeping count, but I would guess that she fucked at least 15 men."
"And how many did she suck?"
"Everyone."
"OK, how many people where there?"
"At least 30. Could have been close to 40."
"And she fucked or sucked every one of them."
"Well some just jacked off on her and never got a chance to fuck her."
Susie didn't say anything for quite awhile as I got both curious and nervous. This was anything but the response I had expected.
"So help me out here," I said to Sue. "I don't understand your reaction to this. Are you angry with me or what?"
"Not really," Susie replied. "Actually, I rather envy Judi. She had the courage to live out her fantasy. I haven't had the courage to even ask for mine."
My mind started reeling. Sweet Sue the accountant has sexual fantasies? I had to learn more.
"So tell me about your fantasies," I asked.
"If I tell you, I am not making a promise that we will live them out. Some fantasies are best left as fantasies; and I am concerned that if I tell you what I dream about sexually, you will think I am strange and may get totally turned off. But if you had a good time fucking Judi, maybe you will be OK with my fantasies."
She certainly had my attention now. "Do tell!" I asked her.
"Well, I have read about these sex clubs where they ask for the women watching the show to become part of the show, to go on stage and get fucked by the performer. In my version of the fantasy, I fuck three men at a time, on stage, with you in the front row watching. And when they have all cum, I masturbate right in front of you and reach a screaming squirting orgasm and drench you, with dozens of people watching. So does that freak you out?"
I was a bit stunned, but anything but freaked out.
"I didn't know you could have a squirting orgasm. Or that you had any of these public sex fantasies. And what's strange about it is that your fantasies and mine mesh nicely."
"Oh," Susan said. "So tell me about yours."
"OK. In my fantasy, we have gone out to dinner in an expensive restaurant with a close friend like Eddie or Rick. You are wearing a sexy dress that allows your boobs to leave the confines of your dress quite easily, and you have nothing on underneath your dress. And your pussy is saved smooth.
"While we are at dinner, you and Eddie start feeling each other up under the table. You spread your legs so that we can both stick our fingers in your pussy at the same time. Then I stick a remote control dildo in your pussy to help you really get off.
"After dinner, you and Eddie start dancing, and I start playing with the remote control. When you guys are in the middle of a slow dance, I turn the dildo up to max and you start having an orgasm right there on the dance floor."
"You know, I'm liking this idea," Susan said. "And I think I can make it even more interesting. Why don't we setup a date with Eddie for next weekend and let's have some fun."
"Do we have to wait until next weekend to have some fun?" I asked her, my mind reeling from what I had just heard. I leaned into her and kissed her hard and started to stroke her nipples. Susan has beautiful melon-shaped breasts with nipples that extend almost a half inch when they get stimulated. I could feel them getting hard as I stroked them, first one, and then the other.
As we kissed, Susan started stroking my cock. I was already hard from thinking about the erotic gold mine we had just uncovered in each other, and I said, "Let's do it, right here, right now." We tore off our clothes and she pushed me onto the couch and mounted me without a moment more of foreplay. We were more turned on in that moment than we had been for years, and I could feel the pressure in my balls growing quickly.
"I'm about to cum," I told her as we fucked wildly.
"I want to taste you," she said and swiftly shifted into a 69 position and took my cock into her mouth. She started sucking me furiously and I drilled my tongue into her drenched pussy. As my load started to explode into her throat, she drove her hips into my face and exploded with her own orgasm. It felt like she was peeing on my face, but I could tell from the taste of her orgasm that it wasn't piss she was shooting from her cunt. She was having a squirting orgasm, the first I had ever seen her have.
She collapsed on top of me, panting from the exertion of our love making, and my cell phone rang.
"Shit, who could that be?" I heard myself think. Fuck it, I'm not going to answer, I thought. I let the phone go to voice mail, but moments later, it started ringing again. I didn't answer it this time, or the next, but when the persistent caller tried for the fifth time, I reached down to my pants that were sitting on a bunch on the floor and pulled my phone out and looked to see who was calling. It was Billy.
"What?" I almost yelled at him as I answered on the fifth ring of the fifth call.
"Great show," said Billy, and I heard the sound of his car horn as he honked twice. He was parked right in front of our house and had watched our blatant display of affection through the wide open living room windows. "Sloppy seconds?" Billy asked.
"Who is it?" moaned Susan.
"It's Billy. He is parked right outside and has been watching our whole show. I guess we started on your fantasy a week early."
"What fantasy?" Billy asked.
"What does he want?" Susan asked.
"Sloppy seconds," I said.
"That's her fantasy?" Billy laughed.
"No, it's yours," I said.
"Give me that," said Susan. She took the phone from my hand, stood up and walked to the window. She looked directly at Billy's car and said, "So I hear you want some sloppy seconds, Billy. Are you hard right now?"
I couldn't hear what Billy said, but Susan was quite a site. As she talked with Billy with my phone in one hand, she started stroking her pussy with her other hand. "Like what you see?" I heard her ask him. "If you want some of this, take your clothes off and walk naked to our front door, stroking your cock all the way."
She tossed me the phone and said, "You have had two women tonight. I want another cock... and another orgasm. And here comes Billy, lead by his cock, as usual."
She walked to the door and opened it and dropped to her knees in the doorway as he walked up. She grabbed his cock, guided it into her mouth and then grabbed his buns and pulled him toward her so that his cock was buried in her throat. Billy looked at me and said, "Who lit her fire?"
"She smelled Judi's cum on my shirt when I got home and the next thing I know, we were fucking and then you were calling. It's all happened pretty fast."
"You never told me Susan was such a great cocksucker," Billy exclaimed.
"I never knew. It's almost like the woman sucking your cock in my doorway is a totally different person from the woman I have lived with for eleven years."
"Will you two ass holes shut up and fuck me!" Susan shouted as she detached herself from Billy's cock, then grabbed it with her left hand and pulled him into the house. She pushed the door shut and then pushed Billy onto the floor and mounted him just like she had mounted me only minutes earlier.
"Give me that cock of yours, lover," she said to me as she coaxed me off the couch. I stood in front of her, my feet straddling Billy's chest and she started sucking me back to life. My mind was reeling with the rapid shift in our relationship, but my cock had a mind of its own and was soon solid and ready to party. "Fuck me in the ass. I want to feel both of you in me at the same time," she said as she came up for air. I moved behind her and started to stroke her anus and lubricate it with some of the juices that were flowing from her well stuffed pussy. She groaned as I started to ease my dick into her ass. "Are you OK?" I asked her.
"Just fuck me hard," she said as she started rocking back and forth on our tandem cocks. So we fucked her. Hard.
"Oh, Lordy, that feels so good," she groaned. "I am going to have a big one."
"Me too," said Billy. "Right about NOW!" Billy jammed himself into Susan's cunt as he climaxed. Susan screamed as she cut loose again and I could feel her juices drench my balls. Her whole body was shaking and spasming as she climaxed. I felt my own orgasm rising in response to theirs and moments later, I jammed my cock as deep as I could into her ass and let loose with yet another load, at least my fourth of the evening. Susan continued to spasm and juices were pouring from her pussy in torrents. I was certain that our rug was going to need a major cleaning.
I rolled off Susan and she rolled off Billy and the three of us lay there on the living room floor, panting from our exertion.
"Holy, shit, Susan. Who'd a thunk you were such a sex slut," said Billy.
"It's a secret I have hidden all my life," said Susan. "But when I heard the rumors about Judi organizing a gangbang, all my old fantasies started to resurface. And when bozo here disappeared right after dinner and came home smelling of pussy, I knew that it was time for me to let Pandora out of her box, or my box as the case may be."
"So was this your fantasy?" Billy asked her.
"Sort of," she said. "What I really want is what Judi got. Lots of cocks and gobs of cum, but I want to have Bob watch me do it. I want him to see what a slut I really am, and I want to feel free to, well, embrace my inner slut."
"So you want me to schedule a performance for you at the Johnson lodge?" Billy asked. The guy just has no tact, but then Billy was the guy who would walk up to one woman after another at the local bars and ask, "Do you want to fuck?" No lead in. No foreplay. Just the direct approach. Nine times out of ten, he would get slapped or yelled at or some other rather obvious form of rejection; but one time in ten he would get lucky. He got laid more quickly and more often than any guy I know.
"Not quite yet," Susan said. Bob and I were talking about something a little less drastic to start with."
"What's that?" Billy asked.
"Well, why don't we let you join us for dinner next Friday and find out for yourself? Right now, I want to shower and go to bed, and no, you are not invited to spend the night. So thanks for the fuck and now go home."
Susan knew how to speak to Billy in his own dialect. Direct.
"Good night, folks," Billy said as he stood up and walked out the door. Moments later, we heard him honk as he drove away. I don't think he bothered to put his clothes on.
Susan got up and headed for our bedroom. "Coming?" she asked. I got up and followed her as she headed for the shower. We both soaked in silence and washed each other thoroughly and then went to bed, each lost in our own thoughts. We cuddled and spooned, but we were both drained and exhausted and soon fell asleep.
To be continued...