So much had changed in such a short while. Having been consumed by her hoard of young men, their Father's, neighbors, Christina Holly lost her reasoning. Her man Dixon at home was just not enough. Partying with him to a short degree by stocking up on his favorite beer, she let her boyfriend succumb to the alcohol. The drunker he was the more manageable he was. She knew that for a fact and used the advantage to support her newfound need for sex, and to give her young men everything they wanted from her whore ass. In a mere two weeks, slightly shy Christina cast her shell aside and went for the gold. Nothing...NOTHING was going to prevent her from getting her holes destroyed. Bring it on Boys. Bring it on.
Sitting with her man Dixon while watching a movie, he engrossed in the action sequences pretty much tuned Christina out of his universe. Drunk as a skunk didn't help her chances of spending quality time with him. Not that it mattered. Christina Holly knew just outside her home, her lover boys were secretly watching. Having over the course of the last two weeks becoming a nymphomaniac at their disposal Christina craved sex, just teasing kept her mind contemplating the future outcome. Wearing only a nightshirt that hid nothing pretty convincingly, she smiled at every window. She knew it was just a matter of time before her man passed out drunk, her plan was going well. In another week he would be back over the road and her real fun could resume. She needed her house full of cock, her holes consumed by their lust. The word of her sluttiness was spreading, every guy for three blocks knew of her, reeled in by their neighbors who had already used her for their own dark fantasies. She did feel bad for all the lonely wives their husbands left behind for her, just not badly enough to tell their men no. Whore indeed.
"Need another beer Baby?" She asked Dixon just to see how far gone he was. He could barely acknowledge her. Topping it off she stood up and walked directly in front of him before removing her nightshirt. Curious to see if he could wake up and desire her led to him just grinning. Patting his lap she took a seat over him and he did his best to kiss her chest. She only wanted him to realize that he was ready for bed. So far gone that he wouldn't remember anything she did. His kissing over her nipple was more just drool and nuzzle. "You need to go to bed Baby." Slipping from his grasp she took his beer can away and set it aside. Dead weight was not in her favor in helping him to bed. It was best to let him just sleep it off in his recliner. Another four minutes he was snoring away. All the while she went from window to window offering close up looks at her plus size hotness, always returning to Dixon to be aware of his reality. She had to be certain how dead in his seat her man was before taking further risks. He had been known to pass out and sleep for fourteen hours straight, without even getting up to take a piss. Sometimes that deep of a problem scared Christina, but at least his intoxication never once led to violent abuse. He was a good drunk.
She knew her man when he got this plastered, he wouldn't hear a plane crash outside on the street and sleep through the neighborhood burning due to it. She felt safe, even more frisky to play right in front of him. Walking to her front door she opened it wide open and stood there waiting to see who was wanting her. Expecting her prioritized ten lovers who gradually introduced her to more and more friends and family she discovered four boys, only Tucker was recognized. Whispering to her as he stepped up to fondle her breasts he said, "My cousins are in town. Blow them."
"Gladly. Dixon is out cold. Bring them in and sit them on the couch."
"In front of him? What if he wakes up?"
"He won't. Trust me."
"What if they get noisy?" A thumb points at his cousins.
"I'll hold the TV remote and tell Dixon it's his movie. He will just nod back off."
"Ballsy."
"You've made me this way. I live to please everyone. I'll take the risk."
"Alright! Get that big juicy booty in there." He turns her around and slaps her ass for his three cousins Derek, Milo, and Wade. The boys grinned at her beauty, she expressed desire over her shoulder as she moved inside. Even being a plus size beauty she carried that weight in a stunning fashion, at 170ish a good twenty five pounds was in her massive tits and ass cheeks. Her legs and tummy while chubby were rather tight in muscle tone, just enough jiggle to be sexy. Daily walks on her treadmill helped, always nude since day one of her convincing young lovers drawing out what her life was missing. Namely, attention, to feel wanted, to be called beautiful. A once shy girl from Alabama was now unstoppable.
Quietly, getting enough nerve up the four boys step inside following Tucker to the couch behind Dixon's back, his recliner oblivious to the sofa without looking around it. Tucker taking the lead whips his dick out and nudges the others to join him. Watching Christina touching herself with a yearning gaze helped resolve their issues. Four proud erections stood ready for some lips. Choosing Wade in the middle first she kneels between his legs, planting her palms on his knees and dives right in, jaws wide and swallowing his meager six inches. Hands leaving his knees, rising over Milo and Derek she curls her fingers around a solid six and a sturdy seven, then jerks them off to keep them happy. Watching her devotion in the messiest of blowjobs Tucker stood up and went behind Christina patting her bottom to lift her ass so that he could take her from behind. Embracing his cock inside her she instantly moaned although muffled by her deep throating. That effect led her to feed on Wade like a woman obsessed, slobbering his knob and making it known by her expressions just how in love with servicing them she was. Not even slapping Christina's ass revived Dixon. His snoring never ending was their detector to beware. As long as that train was rolling, so would theirs.
Tucker shared a smug confidence with his cousins who grinned at how easy she was. They had heard stories of her starving hormones. Of just how fast Tucker and his buddies had coaxed her out of her shell. She gangbanged all ten boys that first day that they revealed themselves to her and took more throughout the week. At one point while Dixon was on the road she had allowed 22 boys inside her home all at once. Not one of those 22 left without cumming on her. They had even talked her into outdoor sex in broad daylight, further down the block at nightfall. Every corner of their block Christina got laid holding a stop sign as inspiration yet saying, "DON'T STOP!" at the top of her lungs. The boys kept her going, further and further until concluding she was fearless, dedicated to getting off and fulfilling their desires of her. Not even having her man Dixon at home prevented her from performing her duties as the neighborhood slut.
Wade nutting in her mouth left her feasting with pure ecstasy across her face, she swallowed his jizz after an exposed tongue full of milk to show his cousins. Once down the hatch she moved to Milo and sucked him off. Wade and Derek switching places allowed her to also continue jerking him off. Milo took her by the hair and smirked, "Nothing like a whore on a leash." She slipped his cock from her throat just long enough to whisper her reply, "Take me for a walk later." Milo had heard Tucker describe taking her out on a dog collar and leash to walk the neighborhood. Fucked in many a yard as she was led to it. By the boys, or literally by the residence she was trespassing in. Nothing was sacred. She even knew that married men were fucking her, hearing them tell her to quiet down before their wives hear her. Most didn't care if they did hear, those that did found ways to silence her. The bolder Christina got, the bolder the men got. Christina had no boundaries.
A few weeks ago her sole taste of dick was from Dixon, having met him online and moved in with him. Losing her virginity she tried her hardest to be just his. Now that her appetite was increasing, Dixon was going to have to accept her or lose her entirely. She liked her home so she really just hoped to avoid him finding out. Doing what she was doing here and now was really stupid, yet she came harder knowing she could potentially lose everything. She would keep taking risks until the bitter end. This whore was on a mission to satisfy the world. No amount of men would contain her lust. She felt sexy within their company. She was sexy.
"Derek has a really nice cock." She bats her lashes at him as she watches the boys play musical seats once again, so that Derek was now her centerpiece. Swallowing his cock she reaches out with both hands to taunt his chest with her yellow painted nails digging through his shirt. Dragging his shirt along with her she bobbed her head with a rapid rhythm. He loved it enough to plant his arms behind his head and just enjoy her blowjob talent.
"Her ole' man can sleep through a hurricane." Milo pointed at the snoring Dixon, "We should take her over there in front of him."
"Good idea." Tucker halted his penetrations and pulled out. Coaxing her away from Derek he drags her toward him by her hair. "Crawl over there and lay on your back facing him. I'm fucking you right in front of his drunk ass."
Trembling at the thought of Dixon waking up and catching her made her tense, still she loved pushing her limits. Holding her breath she draws away from Tucker's grip on her hair and turns to crawl on all fours out in front of Dixon, her big ass swaying and gently jiggling all the way to her destination. Facing him she takes a seat on the floor and lays back, her legs wide and held high for Tucker to arrive. She wanted to smile but chose to be coy. Truth be known, she wasn't even looking at Dixon, she wanted Tucker. So bad that her fingers were prying her cunt wide in preparation, her pink tunnel inviting him in. All of the boys were biting their fists at her boldness. Only Tucker had the balls to move in for the thrill.
Crawling over Christina he slid his cock in and began thrusting, her legs curling his waistline without preventing his movement. Moans escaped her lips at an accelerated rate, she didn't want to hide her enjoyment. If Dixon woke and caught them, she wouldn't stop. The whore was never more in control over her own life. She needed to be fucked and fucked hard. Tucker was less involved, gritting his teeth at her echoing tone. Tempted to clamp a hand over her mouth he had to try a simple, "Shhhhh!"
"I can't. I won't. Fuck me Tucker, make me scream." She spoke valiantly. Tucker's cousins were in awe of the choices she was making, at the same time worried for everyone. Drunk to the point of no return Dixon was pretty much comatose, yet the stress was still there. Tucker wanted her too badly to just give up. Sucking up his courage he nailed the 5'7 Amazon with all that he had, namely hammering her cunt with a rapid fire of thrusting hips. Her response was to howl and huff at her enthusiasm. Her massive tits circling in motion at his destruction. She refused to even contain her tits, let them be turbulent. She knew the boys loved to see them dance. In her cries of pleasure the front door opened again, entering six more friends, all of whom had fucked her at one point in the last two weeks. Quietly braving the environment knowing that even if Dixon woke up he might be intimidated by so many guys. Still they stood back and watched Tucker destroy her cunt. Yet again, the magical number of ten boys were in the mix. Seeing them Christina cherished the visual and gave them the best show possible, letting them know that nothing would stop her from being the center of their world.
"Fuck this bitch is hot."
"Bold as hell."
"Push her buttons Tucker."
Hearing their whispered encouragement Tucker Randell stopped fucking her long enough to pull out and crawl away from her. Still on his knees he points toward Dixon and challenges her, "Lay over him and let me fuck you from behind." That order made all the boys pump their fists trying hard not to laugh. Christina Holly did as she was told. Crawling to her hands and knees she moved in front of Dixon in his recliner and used his knees to lift herself up. Once to her feet she straddles his lap and smothers his face with her monstrous melons. Dixon couldn't see anything if he did wake up. As long as he didn't suffocate Christina was happy. He was still out cold and snoring. Behind her Tucker patted her ass to be lifted more then dug in between her cheeks finding her juicy cunt. In he went, proudly fucking her right over Dixon. His audience was blown away. Christina had officially lost her mind by even doing this. Still, the whore moaned louder than ever. Dixon stirred beneath her weight a bit but merely groaned and slobbered over her breasts like an incoherent bulldog. She made certain his face was buried deep and kept their secret as much as possible. Behind the recliner back Theo Jameson snatched up Christina's hair and lifted her gaze toward he and his friends. Her eyes met with theirs then rolled back at Tucker's tagging of her G-spot. He was fierce.
"Let's take her to bed." Theo motioned to Tucker.
"I say we take her man to bed and all fuck her right beside him." Another added.
"You up for that gorgeous?" Theo pats her cheek.
"Anything you want. Just fuck me." She didn't miss a beat, her yearning gaze lifted to their uncertainty. They were more on edge than she appeared to be. Not that the thought of her being so bold as to fuck them right there in front of her boyfriend wasn't appealing. But, the idea of in their bed while side by side...that was going to take some serious balls on their part.
"All of us?"
"Yes. Everyone."
Tucker gave up on cumming and pulled out. Theo then instructed her to get Dixon to bed. That was more challenging than anyone anticipated. Finally Theo just moved Christina aside and lifted Dixon up like a puppeteer. Between he and Christina they managed to get Dixon to the bedroom and stretch him out on his side. Christina then set about undressing Dixon down to his boxers for comfort, being the good girlfriend that she was. Once stripped down she moved to her side of the bed and crawled in next to Dixon, her legs wide and ready. Instead of Tucker resuming his tour of booty, Theo stripped his sweats off and took her missionary. The other boys surrounded the bed and watched as she wrapped her muscular legs about Theo's hips to keep him on track. Not once did Christina look at Dixon out of fear, she devoted her sole attention toward Theo. Her moans were aggravated by his persistent thrusting, eyes flaring with each impacted thrust, her pussy sloppy wet and noisy complimenting her behavior.
"Your dick feels so fucking good inside me." She hisses and digs her nails into Theo's shoulders, the pain inflicted making him more aggressive to her desires. Even in the dark the other boys enjoyed hearing her exhaustion reignite as she had orgasm after orgasm. Theo nutting in her left the others uncertain of taking over once he departed. They all wanted in but men were men, none of them cared to mingle their cocks among another man's jizz. Only Milo had a condom which he put on and went in swinging. Her sweet scent led him to risk making out with her, she the greedy lover that she was shared more passion with Milo than she rarely did for Dixon. Dixon merely rolled over on his side as if nothing was wrong, he was just that drunk to not feel or sense anything amiss. Of course, the boys ducked low fearing he was waking up. Christina did not have a care in the world, coaxing Milo into softly making love to her as they Frenched.
In the boredom of less activity the boys began to move from the bedroom back into the living room for safety, as if giving them privacy. Christina hadn't missed them until Milo filled his condom with a second batch of milky delight. Pulling out of her Christina followed him upward and removed his condom from his dick, tilting the rubber over her mouth Milo watched her guzzle his leftovers. She swallowed every drop and actually licked the interior of the latex. Greedy whore indeed.
While she sat there next to Milo they both heard the front door open, at first thinking guys were leaving, it soon became evident that more had arrived instead. Whispered voices in the living room explain that Christina was being fucked right beside Dixon. Guys had to see it for themselves. Soon Chad entered with Vince and crept to her side, Milo not knowing them shied off and got dressed. With him leaving Vince the bolder of the two took his clothes off and donned a rubber. Handing Chad his cell he told him to record their activity.
"Lay directly over Dixon." Vince motioned her to crawl to her knees and lay right across her man's slumbering body from the side. Chad grew fearful in his recording stance but stayed tough as Vince took her from behind. Her weight on Dixon made her boyfriend hiss under pressure, a mumble of "Can't breath." led her to apologize and say, "Go back to sleep Baby. I'm just cuddling with you." Vince tried not to laugh then slapped her ass hard, the impact leaving a red mark. Digging his fingers into her cheeks he pried her crack wide to let Chad capture his cock fucking her sopping cunt. After a tense but short orgasm Vince patted Christina's bottom. "Take Dixon's boxers off and stroke him." Lifting away breathlessly she moved in to try her best to remove them, finding his dead weight too much to manage the job. Instead she just unbuttoned the single button on his boxers and pulled his limp beast out, curling fingers and encouraging Dixon to grow. Soft words of, "Get hard for me Baby." went unheard, yet he did shiver a bit at her grip.
Tapping her again word was out, whispers so faint calling guys back in to watch her jerking off her man while being fucked right over him. She was just amazing. Not one of them suspected that she would be daring enough to do this. Her hand tried, but in his stupor Dixon was defiant. Tucker facing her from the other side of the bed took her by the hair and nudged her face toward Dixon's cock, she took the silent bait and began sucking her man's large yet lifeless dick. Her warm throat and tantalizing tongue revived his cock some, even if Dixon himself was torn between snores and mumbles of, "Feels good." At least he felt something. How he didn't feel Vince pounding her cunt from behind was beyond anyone's understanding. Her lively moans exhausting over his cock kept her a tad quieter even as her juices flowed heavily dampening the bedding at Dixon's side. Best of both worlds Christina. She was giddy.
Fingers kneading at Dixon's scrotum she truthfully hoped that she could make her man cum even a little, mainly to show her gauntlet of lovers that she had no resistance to anything they asked of her. In the moment Dixon was just another dick to appease. Christina was changing, her former life of just being a non married housewife was fleeting. She would stay with Dixon until he inevitably found out everything she was hiding, then deal with his loss as it occurred. If it meant losing her happy home so be it. Until then, home sweet sex partners. Mind made up two weeks ago, Christina Holly would be the sexiest whore she could be. If guys wanted her, she wanted them. All she hoped for in the long run was not to get pregnant, nor any disease. That and should she ever be arrested that her lovers would band together to bail her out. At least with Dixon not having many friends her life should be secretive just enough. Most of his friends were too masculine to even read a paper or watch the nightly news. Like Dixon they drank a lot so when not working they lived in local taverns.
Chad recording her up close sucking Dixon off led to a hand on her head pushing her down over her man. Deep throating him in a gurgle of saliva she just went with what they wanted from her. Behind her, sweating up a storm Vince tore that pussy up, his finger taunting her butt pucker for extra excitement on both of their parts. In a maddening tense up Christina had another orgasm, her body quaking over Dixon. Seconds later Vince nutted filling his condom. Being arrogant as fuck he pulled out, carefully removed his rubber to hold it's fullness up for Chad to video. At first he considered spilling it over Christina's back, but inspiration hit, he was curious to know just how truly dedicated she was to the boys. Evil spoke and Vince crawled over her leg and moved to Dixon's upper body. Every guy there nearly shit a brick. Tipping his condom over Dixon's face he let droplets cascade his bearded features, trickling more down over his chest. Christina in her feeding didn't immediately realize anything until Vince dangled his condom upside down before her eyes to watch a final few drops of jizz hit Dixon's thigh. It was then that her captor released her head. Pulling away from Dixon's timid erection she lowered her face to lick up the jizz on Dixon's thigh. Her former captor then pointed out the cum on Dixon's chest and face. Watching her work Christina roamed her tongue everywhere that she discovered Vince's leftovers. Her thoughts were only on his scrumptious cum, not of how twisted it was to do that to poor Dixon in his condition. Chad filmed every lick she made, it was remarkable that she would even do this without argument or even a hint of bitterness.
"Fuck yeah. Lick that shit up Whore." Vince prodded her. In her final licks Vince had yet another crazy idea. Swatting her bottom he ordered her to move over Dixon again. This time to 69 her man. Muscled legs move in for the kill and she sets her messy twat directly on Dixon's face. She felt his lips try but her man was pretty useless. Returning forward to suck his dick she just lay there atop him and let him try. Her thighs certainly were big enough to mask her lovers from being caught in their bedroom even if Dixon did react by waking up. Her weight was enough to give them time to retreat in silence. The Amazon just fulfilled their fantasies, possibly her own. Over the last few weeks her fantasies were all about being what the neighborhood wanted. Fine tuning her skills at each command she was given Christina became the finest slut around. It was nice to feel needed.
Knowing Dixon was incapacitated two other boys opted to whip out their erections and move to each side of Christina's upper body. In response she reached out and groped both cocks and began jerking them off. In her eagerness to please she wiggled her thighs over Dixon's face knowing it gave him time to breath in the process. She certainly didn't want to smother the life out of her man. At least she was thinking about all involved. The erotic nature of her getting away with this made Christina insane, her juices flooding Dixon's mouth. Hearing him choke on her saturations the boys grew tense, ready to slap her hands and bolt. Even with her weight on him the possibility of him reviving was always apparent. Christina didn't even slow her sucking Dixon off. All through his coughing fit she feasted, deep throating her man until his swollen balls blocked her own nasal passages. Chad whistled without thinking causing the others to grit their teeth and show him a fist. It was an innocent mistake, one that could still create trouble.
Stirring beneath her Dixon's arms attempted to rise, his hands pawing up toward Christina's ass digging in to hold on, yet failing in muscle control. One simple pat on her bottom led his arms to give out and slip back on to the mattress. They heard more snoring and felt their tension wane, Dixon was just too far gone in his intoxication. Tired of her collapsed state Christina reared upward and sat on Dixon's face, his chin seen between her legs, lower jaw drooping to catch his breath. The boys that she had giving hand jobs felt cheated in her new position. She just needed a break on her back, reaching to stretch and actually grip the headboard rails behind her. Vince admiring her monster tits rubbed his chin and dared to climb up on the bed and stand with one foot to each side of Dixon's arms. Leaning over Christina to plant his palms on the wall he mashed his erection between her tits. A standing titty fuck was recorded, her hands refraining from crushing her breasts together. Not wishing to waste the opportunity the boys she had jerked off reached over from both sides in a joint effort and pressed her tits together for her, giving Vince a snugger feel of his cock crushed between her melons. Nipples were pinched in the process. Miss Holly loved the teamwork. Her eyes full of life and desire watched Vince above her. Holding her breath she whispered, "I'm going to cum."
Just their simple activity combined with sitting on Dixon, whose warm exhales were stimulating her clit sent her hormones into a dire need for release. Seeing her struggle to contain her moans Vince palmed her mouth to avoid Dixon hearing her cries. Bad enough the poor guy was going to feel another gusher into his mouth. None of the boys retreated, wanting the video of her dramatic detonation and Dixon's response. The second Christina froze and whined, Chad caught a perfect flood spewing from her twat and drenching Dixon's chin and chest. Dixon's snores faded in preference of gagging, his limbs moving unexpectedly. Arms literally rubbing against Vince's ankles, his legs kicking at being pinned down by Christina's weight. Moving his palm away Vince opted to use her yelping as cover. Escaping carefully Vince stepped down from the bed and motioned everyone out, just in case. In stealth mode the room full of boys relocated to the living room. All but Vince and Chad. Vince grabbing his clothing nodded for Chad to stop recording. Giving Christina space even they vacated the bedroom and closed the door.
Christina sat proudly on Dixon's face and rubbed her cunt across his trembling lips. Enjoying her moment she rubbed her pussy before tasting herself in an expression of pure delight, eyes rolling back at her flavor. As Dixon slowed his coughing she finally left his face and lay down next to him to cuddle until he passed back out. Once the snoring resumed she kissed him on the cheek and whispered, "I love you." Not enough evidently, as she eases from bed and shuffles to her dresser to obtain her bottle of lube, she knew it might be needed at some point. A good thing the money the boys gave her in the greeting card weeks ago got her stocked up.
Opening the bedroom door she peeked out to find not a single boy had left, a few more had snuck in. The head count was twelve. Smiling brightly she wagged her tongue at them with a shiver of Christmas morning giddiness. Dicks out everywhere in anticipation that she wasn't leaving them hanging Theo took point, "Choose a seat Ho."
With a smirk and an Eenie Meenie Miney Mo point that went unfinished she opted to go for someone that she had rarely seen. Crawling into his lap she gave him a tender lap dance and caressed his face. "Do you want me?" She softly enticed him. He nodded feverishly, feeling her warm wet labia rolling over his erection. She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips before looking to her sides. "Do you think they all want me?" Again the young man nodded, the others concurring with a unity of, "Fuck yes we want you."
Pouting playfully Christina shook her head, "I don't think they do."
That led hands moving in from both sides of her seating arrangement to squeeze her tits. Their gropes jostling her ladies about made her tremble with bliss. Lifting up over her targeted lap she let her temporary lover slip his cock inside her. Gyrating over him slowly made the boy rest back with a gaping mouth, awestruck by her sweet tender movements. As in the bedroom she leans forward and smothers his face in her cleavage, while her gropers crushed her breasts around his cheeks. Moans escaped her throat instantly, feeling his heated breath on her flesh, hands gripping her tits to both sides and toying with her nipples.
Riding him with delicate thrusts coaxed in boys standing behind her stroking their cocks at her big beautiful ass. Moving in closer to her, their hands rub her ass and tease her butt pucker. She smiled at her surrounding men, knowing that they all wanted more than her softness, they wanted a wild slut. The teasing in her mind was meant to make them take her, rather than her just please them. Building up a frenzy was one of her favorite things to do. The thoughts of Dixon in the next room drove her desires to the brink. She wanted gangbanged without Dixon ever knowing. If she could achieve that goal, then she could do anything. Nothing...NOTHING was going to prevent her happiness.
Theo growing bored of the slow start leaned over her shoulder between men and gripped her by the hair to garner her attention. "You know that nice guy stuff we talked about that first day? BULLSHIT! Ride that cock like the slut we own." She whimpered slightly at his aggressive snatch and whispered, "You...own me?"
"We all own your cunt ass Bitch. No more of this Mister Nice guy crap. Fuck that dick like he wants you to." She darted her eyes to the boy she was riding for confirmation.
"Is this what you want of me?" She studied his reaction. While hardly as stern as Theo the boy did nod yes. Even with Theo clutching her brown locks tightly she directed her words to the room, "Is this what you all want from me? To be a more aggressive slut?"
"You know we do." Vince spoke up, "Top of your lungs every time. Fill those holes like you can't breath without them having dicks inside. Take every drop of cum and beg for more."
"So...my pampering days are over?" She pouts.
"No way." Chad intervened, "I love massaging you and making you feel good."
"Stop letting her think this shit is about her." Theo grumbles, "She's our cumslut to do as we tell her to. Ain't that right guys?"
The consensus was strong in Theo's favor, only a few kept their opinions to themselves. She knew by their expressions that they had more heart than the others did. She wanted both worlds so she intended to reach out to both sides.
"I can offer both. Those who want me should take what they want. Those that like me can be sweet when the desire rises."
"Whatever!" Theo shook his head, "Get out of my way you pussies." He nudges the boys rubbing her ass to vacate, giving Theo room to step up and slap his reinvigorated cock on her butt cheeks. Feeling him zero in on her anal canal she lifts her bottle of lube up for him to see. He waves it off and forces his crown inside her against her wishes. She allows it and gasps loudly. Falling forward over her seated lover Christina cringed at the entire length of Theo's dick sinking balls deep, it hurt but she took it with grace. The boy inside her cunt felt awkward about the DP, it was as if he himself felt violated. Add in the fact that boys to their sides were lifting her massive tits up for Christina to suck her own nipples. Giving it his best shot the Boy tried fucking her pussy as best he could, Christina trickling over his dick with succulent juices.
"FUCK!" Christina released her nipple to honor Theo's rapid penetrations. Glaring over her shoulder at him she whimpers heavily, "It hurts."
"Live with it." Theo snarls, "You never complained before now so don't start." She endures with a fear in her eyes.
"Dude! Don't be mean." Chad shared her concern. In his worry Christina found it in herself to put a palm up toward Chad in his recording. She refused to let him interfere. Instead she focused on the man before her. Mumbling toward him with yearning words of "Faster." He gave it his best shot. The harder both he and Theo took her DP her voice grew to high octaves, unafraid of Dixon hearing. Cumming hard twice at their efforts she screamed. The room froze at her orgasm. All eyes went on the closed bedroom door. A boy moving in to press an ear against it listened intently before casting a thumbs up at hearing a rash of turbulent snores.
The boy inside her cunt detonating into her made her squeal. Theo in his swagger held out, hitting her ass hard in his sweaty statuesque form over her back. Palming her throat he held her against his chest, her tits bouncing madly in front of her seated lover still breathing heavily. Forced to remain on his dick for the duration Christina had another erratic orgasm. Hearing Theo snarling it became evident he was gonna bust. Christina whined heavily, "Don't stop! I can take it."
"You got no choice Ho." Theo grunted. "Tell these bastards that."
"I--I have no say so. Take me, never let me change your minds."
"OUR WHORE!" Theo was always the loudest in the room.
"YES! I AM EVERYONE'S WHORE." She retaliated convincingly.
"Bitch? You need to make them believe your ass." Theo yanks her from her lovers lap and hauls her around the room with his dick still inside her ass, forcing her to look each one of them in the eye.
"I want all of you. Fill my holes, cum in me whenever you want. Never let me turn you down. TAKE ME!"
"That all you got Slut?" Theo choked her from behind making her body quake, trickles of pussy juice was falling to the carpet between her legs.
"I need your cocks. 24/7! Pleassssssssse never stop fucking me. I live to be your whore."
"HARDER!!" Theo rallied her emotions.
"I just let you guys abuse Dixon...that should tell you I'll do anything you want of me. If I could I'd fuck you while he's watching and fully aware. I'm risking my entire life for you guys. I could be homeless tomorrow. Still, I will never deny any of you."
"Open that bedroom door." Theo motions the eavesdropper keeping tabs on Dixon. Shrugging the boy turned the knob and nudged it wide open with his foot. Forcefully carrying Christina to the door he walked them inside and Theo hit the light switch illuminating the room. Nudging her to lay back over Dixon, Theo pounded her ass hard, the bed bouncing under their weight. Dixon stirred eyes opening in a squint but the light made him close shop just as fast. Hearing Christina moaning hard, and Theo grunting ready to nut, Dixon tried to revive, still so groggy that it was hard to focus on his eyelids let alone the turbulence. There was no hiding this time, if Dixon woke fully, game over.
"I need you." She begged, whether it was for Theo or Dixon it remained in question. A slap to her ass made her repeat herself louder, "I NEED YOU. FUCK ME!" Theo nutted a second later. Pulling out of her he wags his cock all across her ass cheeks and splatters another coat. Lifting her up Theo tossed her 170 pound body over Dixon taking her man's breath away. Just as Dixon revived Theo was out of the room in a wink. Before Dixon could gain full vision he shook his head against the alcohols effects and lifted his head to see Christina looking at him face to face. "I need you Baby." She caressed his cheek. He frowned and let his head drop back into his pillow. Staring at the ceiling he felt something amiss but just couldn't comprehend the afterthought.
"What?" Was all Dixon could express in his confusion. She merely cuddled with him and teased his hairy chest. Feeling his dick out of his boxers he touched himself to find it semi erect. Pulling away from her he sits up slowly and attempts standing. At first unsuccessful he tried again and used his nightstand to give him enough leverage. Shuffling toward the bathroom he stepped from her sight, having walked right in front of the opened bedroom door. If he had only looked out he might have seen 7 guys still daring to stick around, the rest having vacated out of panic. The second Dixon was in the bathroom Christina rolled out of bed and stood in the doorway. To her shock the hold outs were still nurturing their cocks showing their boldness, arrogance under pressure. Theo still in the lead being totally nude with his dick proud and arms crossed. Dixon was heard urinating.
Risking everything Christina marched out and straddled the lap of another guy and slid his dick into her with a bit of encouragement. Riding him hard just to prove herself the other guys watched, Theo eying the bedroom door to monitor Dixon. A loud clatter of a toilet seat falling made everyone but Christina tense, she marched on moaning up a storm. Her young man gritting his teeth and fondling her breasts.
Dixon shuffled aimlessly from the bathroom and found the bed, without even venturing a look into the well lit living room. He was more concerned with sleeping off his booze. Feeling a wetness of cum on his sheets Dixon merely wiped his fingers off on the sheet and began snoring all over again. Theo smirked, they were training her well. He had faith in her further boldness. Cumming with her man Christina crawled off of him and stepped out to the middle of the living room and lay down on her back, legs lifted and pussy pried wide, "More! I want more." She melted their sensibilities until one of them took the chance. Standing up he dropped his jeans to his knees and took her missionary. She made it known quite verbally that his dick felt good.
"FUCK YOUR DICK IS HUGE." She rallied with glee and an expression of, "Oh shit!" The guy was a good nine inches and pop can thick.
"Like that Slut?"
"You might just be my favorite lover." She giggled wrapping her feet around his calves.
"Lover?" Theo grumbled, "He ain't no lover. He's your next dick is all."
"Well, I love my next dick, he feels awesome." She defied Theo's gripe, her voice loud enough to be heard by Dixon should he revive yet again. The man inside her thanking her with a wink. "I can hear your balls slapping against me." She giggled.
"I think you should hear a bunch of balls slapping against you." The guy looks back at the others drawing out the brave ones in the crew. Standing tall two others stood beside the missionary couple and explored their options. Taking his pants off for comfort one of them straddled her face and dipped his crown into her gaping mouth, his balls smashing tightly against the bridge of her nose and brow. The second new gent laughed at his idea. Running it by his buddies they chuckled and agreed to go for what he had in mind. Christina with her mouth full already had heard the thought and dreaded it, but would not say no. The second guy forced to ditch his own pants for the reasoning of flexibility, straddled Christina's chest and sat on her belly, at first just titty fucking her as the guy behind him tore her cunt up. She was a gagging screamer under the circumstances.
A new video was being made of her predicament. Before the guy squatting over her torso implemented his true plan two other men moved in beside them, one to each side. Claiming her ankles they draw her legs back toward her shoulders and hold her firm at her sitters ribs. Scooting higher to literally use her breasts to sit upon the man dangled his cock along her chin and slapped her lower lip while being face fucked slowly. Coaxing her mouth wider the second man, face to face with his buddy encouraged her jaw wide enough to accommodate two dicks. A tight fit definitely. It was impossible to both fuck her mouth at the same time so they let her do the dirty work on her own. She did her best, saliva frothing around their girth, her lips tight and expanded at the corners of her mouth. They could only hear her muffled, "FUCK ME."
Theo enjoyed what his boys were doing, looking for ways to have things go further. If she were on top of another guy DP made sense. Her hands should be in use too. With seven men present Theo felt the need to make use of all of them. The slut needed to understand her future better. Theo was on a mission to see that she was always at her full potential. As if he had to coax her along. She knew deep down exactly what to do without any of them to beat their ideas into her. All they needed to do was exercise their authority in the forms of hostile takeover, she would do the rest of her own free will. Freedom that up until a few weeks ago she had never effectively known. No more housewife without the legally signed documents, Christina Holly intended to be girlfriend and slut goddess rolled up in a pretty bow.
With the guys growing adjusted to being so confined together Theo suspected that they could handle a bit more body to body contact, they all knew this was about taking the whore on a journey she would never forget. The man fucking her cunt helped guide her legs further forward until her ass lifted from the carpet. Moving to his feet in order to perform a downward penetration, the boys helping hold her legs took it upon themselves to at first suck her toes. One of those young men stood tall and strangely had the fetish to place his cock between her big toe and the toe next to it, fucking her toes if you will. It was certainly different, nobody bothered to call him out on it at least.
Theo stepping in behind Christina's rising cheeks, her butt pucker still gaping under his last ride seemed to be calling out to him. Spitting on his palms he coated his irritated beast then drops to his knees behind she and her piledriver above. Trying to avoid the man's ass in his face Theo winced and pressed in to locate Christina's anal cavern. Not easy in this game of Twister, better yet Twist Her, he managed to hit her hole and join in on her six man pile on. That just left the video man walking in circles to capture footage of every hole she had being put to the test. She lost her voice trying to moan and it became a silent party, in the long run safer for all. Other than hisses of being too close to one another, only the guys groaned and competed to take her harder than the others were.
The man with the cell recording shuffled behind the guy sitting over Christina's face at first knelt down to capture the scene of his friends balls rolling up with each thrust into her mouth, as tedious as it was. The camera could see her eyelids wide open, the eyeballs rolled back until they were lost inside her skull. Only the whites of possession were seen. A work of art if he ever saw one. From there he cast the recording sights over his buddies shoulder to pan down between the two men fucking her mouth together. An entanglement of thick cocks were surrounded by her thin lips. Beneath her sitter over her breasts, his cushions bulged around his inner thighs weight. A single nipple in view is pinched and tugged by the guy resting on her brow. She was in use everywhere. Easing left to video the foot fetish he had to chuckle, who fucks toes? Overlooking his weirdness he moved on to do his best to not piss off Theo and his huddling buddy. Shockingly Theo gave him room to record both penetrations of her pussy and ass at one time. Only her clit was ignored in her contortion, her tummy weight mounding down so tightly over her abdomen that her pussy couldn't even be seen outside of from behind.
A vocal whispering amongst the men agreed on one thing, "Nobody pulls out of this whore until we all cum in every hole." The fever was brewing for certain. Everyone nodding their agreement the fuckfest continued. A good five minutes longer the two men in her mouth nut almost simultaneously with grossed out expressions knowing their cocks were dipped and surrounded by the others jizz. Still they remained deep in her as she gagged, unable to swallow due to their dicks blocking her throat passage.
The guy fucking her toes pulled away and jerked off on her foot, splattering cum between every toe. His coworker on the other side ended his toe sucking by doing the same in coating her cute toes in white. Behind them Theo nuts before the guy pounding her pussy, his earlier jizzes left him to cumming much more quickly. Seconds of bestial snarls later the pussy pounder drilled deep and came inside her. That firepower alone made Christina revive and gasp, her body quaking hard, until she herself had a massive orgasm, her gusher frothing around her penetrator and flooding over Theo's torso. Greedily it was all recorded.
Once the process of backing out began, more juices flowed heavily to the carpet. Her legs released fell lifeless to the floor, twitching her only activity. With Theo rolling away his friend inside her pussy uncorked her cunt in a flood of his own liquid glue, both holes were cream pies at one time. Once laying to her side he reached in and gave her clit a brisk rubdown that sent her body into a dramatic spasm, activating a second tidal wave of pent up juices.
Her mouth being vacated by the man on her chest gave her breasts room to heave and dance a bit, her own hands very slowly creeping from her sides to squeeze and crush them together. Finally her brow boy lifted off and her jaw was free to close, yet it didn't. Spitting up jizz her chin and neckline pooled up, her chest splattered by her near vomiting state. Not wanting to swallow any of it until her mouths flood could be recorded for their pleasure Christina dry gagged but maintained her throat muscles. She gave her cameraman a worthy show of her milky tongue drooling all over herself. The look in her eyes now more in tune with obedience and giving them what they wanted seemed to be her goal. Men getting dressed around her as she lay cooing in her milk bath Christina found the strength to reach her left foot upward to touch her cum coated toes on her cell recorders bulging crotch, it became evident that even she knew he was the only one left.
Feeling her rub her toenails over him, his camera angle drifted to his crotch to view her sexiness. The guy who had fucked her face from her brow took the cell from him and said, "Get in there Tyler. She wants ya." Uneasy about the amount of cum on her at the moment due to his six friends destructive passion he just whipped it out and began jerking off. Christina merely watched him at first then rallied enough energy to crawl to her knees and cower her face beneath his erection with yearning, nay starving eyes, her still bubbling cum held in reserve as inspiration to add to her reservoir. The tip of her tongue tickling his foreskin made him crazy. Eyes rolling back he took only two minutes to detonate on her poised face, his jizz adding to her already full mouth. Choking slightly at maintaining so much she contemplated swallowing it when Theo caught her.
"WAIT UP!" He takes her by her hair and makes her prowl with him back into the well lit bedroom where Dixon was still sawing logs. Lifting her up until she once again lay fully over him in her cum coated stickiness Theo points at Dixon's face. "Kiss your man with that shit."
Uneasy, yet committed Christina Holly made out with Dixon against his will. The cum of three men trickling into Dixon's throat as she Frenched him. Reviving slightly he wrapped his arms around her feeling her sweat and spots of still damp cum. Embracing her as best he could they kissed, her matted hair falling over his field of vision. Theo smugly had his buddy record her cum kiss then patted his buddies shoulder. Motioning them out Theo had everyone go home. Nodding as he was the last man out he was impressed by her. Future plans already formulating Theo smirked. For now he was happy to give her a unheard compliment.
"That's our Whore."
Door closed behind him the true lovers continued to make out. Ten minutes later Christina fucked her man, Dixon reviving enough to perform. In his muddled mind he had zero clue why she was so wet and smelled of sex. In the morning Christina would wake up before Dixon and clean up, smelling like roses. He joining her in the shower for a quickie. Toweling one another off like true lovers might do she chose to walk nude through the house.
"Pancakes?" She batted her eyes at him.
"We got blueberries?"
"We do." She winks and lets him follow behind after putting on his boxers, her ass was shaking for his perusal. Walking through the living room Dixon did step in the damp puddle on the carpet when going to the kitchen. Without acting guilty Christina just scowled, "That's what you get when you drink too much. You spilled your beer last night, I just forgot to clean up after you."
"Fuck me!" Dixon frowned, "I'll get the Febreze."
She let him clean up her mess and played with her pussy behind him from the kitchen doorway, watching Dixon on his hands and knees. He didn't even connect the dots that the stain didn't reek of beer.
She knew eyes were already on her from whatever window she could be seen through. Laughter well contained. That is until Dixon stood up and offered a grimace, his tongue licking about in distaste.
"Beer left one hell of an aftertaste."
"It might have been the chaser." She giggled knowing the chaser was the unified cum of three men.
"Maybe. Gonna go brush my teeth."
With Dixon out of sight Christina danced around giddily.
"I LOVE BEING A SLUT!"
From every window she heard the word, "WHORE!"
Correcting herself vibrantly she blurted, "I LOVE BEING A WHORE!!"
"That's better." One spoke up. It was Derek, Tucker's cousin.
Sighing, Christina just let them watch her making pancakes as best they could. Hearing the TV turn on she knew Dixon was back. Feeling especially evil Christina trickled pancake syrup on her nipples and rushed out to hop into Dixon's lap, hopping over his crotch to entice him into paying attention to her, feeding him her tits. Wide awake now he enjoyed the moment, circling her areolas with a tantalizing tongue that gave her a case of the shivers, sucking them as she caressed his cheek she realized how much she still adored her man. In the tenderness of sharing the two lovers made out. Smelling a burnt pancake disrupt their intimacy Christina squealed and jumped from his lap to remedy the situation. Dixon? He put his recliner back and licked his lips, "Life is good."
Yes...it was.
He ate the burnt pancake anyway.
Then, he ate her.
Extra syrup.