I reached out and fondled Nadine's saggy tits again.
"I just can't keep my hands off of them!" I exclaimed. "They're just so darn cute!"
Nadine laughed.
"You can play with them all you want, Jack." she said with a smile. "In fact, I'd love to watch TV with you, laying back against you while you massage them for me."
"I could play with them for hours." I confessed. "I love the way they look and feel. They're so soft and silky; like velvet, almost."
"Well," she responded seductively, "why don't you soap them up for me while we're in the shower?"
I smiled and put my arm around her waist, guiding her to the bathroom. I turned the shower on and we stepped into the the cascading hot water.
"Mmm, I love a hot shower!" she purred, as we let it run all over us.
"Me too." I replied. "I get lost in here sometimes. I can stay in the shower for an hour, easy."
"I thought I was the only one." she laughed. "Sounds like another thing we have in common."
I laughed back, and put my arms around her; pulling her in closely so we could kiss. I then stepped back, so that Nadine could shower first and rinse everything out. We dried off and wandered out onto the deck overlooking the valley and mountains, each of us reclining onto a deck chair as the red sun set behind the mountains. I turned my chair to face her.
"Okay, we're all cleaned up, so I want to hear all about you; how you became a nudist. Why did you stop wearing clothes when you were a little girl?"
"Well," she began, "like I told you earlier, I got in trouble for getting my good dress dirty. It wasn't the first time, but it was certainly the last. I was outside playing with some friends on the playground at the church before Sunday school started. I guess they had a nursery school there too, and it was for the little kids. Anyway, the grass was still a little damp, and I skidded on it and slipped. I slid right into a mud puddle, so I had grass stains as well as mud all over it. My underwear was wet too, and there was mud on my shoes too. When my parents picked me up later, they were very angry with me.
"When we got home, I was immediately sent to my room while they decided on a fitting punishment for me, but not before they made me take my dress off on the back porch and leave it there so it could soak in a tub before Mom tried to wash it. When they saw my underpants were all muddy too, they told me to just go ahead and strip down and take all of my clothes off. I was of course mortified at being completely naked out there in the yard, but I did what I was told. It was at least an hour before they called me out to the living room for a talking to.
"I was very scared. I didn't know what they were going to do. I thought I would get a beating or something, but I was not expecting what my mother said to me: 'Your father and I have discussed this in great length.'" she said to me. "'This is the third time in as many weeks, that you have ruined a set of good clothes. We don't think you appreciate your clothes at all, so to make you appreciate them more, we are taking your clothes away for a week. You will not be allowed to wear any clothes at all, until next Sunday; a week from today.'
"Needless to say, I was completely taken aback and very frightened. How could they do that to me?! Well, that was when I learned that California has no state laws regarding public nudity; just some local statutes for certain municipalities, like San Francisco. Also, at my age, it was still acceptable for a kid to be naked, at least in the yard. I started to cry, and I begged my parents not to make me go around nude, but their minds were made up.
"I was informed that other than the clothing punishment, I was not in any other trouble. I was not grounded or made to stay in my room. I could go anywhere I wanted and do anything I wanted, I just couldn't do it with any clothes on. I was allowed to wear sneakers to protect my feet, but that was it; no pants, no top, nothing. Not even a bathing suit. I was still crying and fled back to my room, where I cried for like an hour before I realized it wasn't going to help. I got up to use the bathroom, and I suddenly realized how free I was feeling. I wasn't actually enjoying it yet, but I was feeling a little better about the situation. I mustered up the courage to go out to the kitchen for dinner with my parents, and by the time I was finished eating, I wasn't even concerned about being nude in front of them anymore or trying to cover myself. After dinner was over, I went outside and heard my friends playing in the pool next door. I went over and asked if I could join them.
"They were really surprised to see me without a bathing suit on and asked me why I wasn't wearing one. I explained the situation and they all just kind of shrugged. I knew some of their families went up to Black's Beach sometimes, so they were probably used to seeing naked people."
"What's Black's Beach?" I inquired, not wanting to interrupt, but feeling the need to confirm my suspicions.
"It's a nude beach up in La Jolla." she explained. "You park up on top of the cliffs at the hang glider port and then hike down to the beach. It's a long walk too. It's got stairs all the way down now, but when I was little, it was just a dirt path after the first hundred feet or so. It took about twenty minutes to walk down and half an hour to climb back up. It was a real workout!
"It was great though, once you got to the bottom. You could take your clothes off and walk around free as a bird. Everyone else was nude too, so no one felt out of place unless they were new. You'd see whole families there on the weekends; from tots all the way up to Grandma. Guys would be walking up and down the beach selling soda and beer."
She laughed at the memory.
"Probably can't do that anymore. Anyway, it didn't seem to bother my friends any, so I jumped into the pool with them. It felt really cool; the way the water flowed over my body and all. Pretty soon, all the other kids were taking their suits off too. Then, Johnnie's mother looked out the window and saw us. She told everyone to put their suits back on or leave. Well, I didn't have a suit to put back on, so I had to leave. I was really sad, so the other kids decided to come over to my house and play cops and robbers with me instead.
"I guess when you're a kid, you don't think about things the same way. Being punished, whatever the punishment was, was just accepted back then. Not today! My god, if that happened today, someone would have called the cops and CPS would have showed up and taken me away. Well, they would have tried. I wasn't breaking any laws, and cruel and unusual punishment doesn't apply to parents, unless it's endangering them somehow. Just taking my clothes away wasn't making me unsafe or endangering my welfare in any way, so all summer long, I played naked. I went for walks and rode my bike just like everyone else."
"All summer?" I inquired. "I thought they only took your clothes away for a week."
"They did." Nadine replied. "I was getting ahead of myself. I'm sorry."
"Not at all. I'm all ears."
"Well, I enjoyed being nude so much that I didn't want to put my clothes back on when my punishment was over. I was totally comfortable walking around entirely nude; even in public. It kind of made me feel special that I was getting all of that attention!"
"I'll bet!" I responded. "It sure got mine!"
Nadine smiled.
"So come the following Sunday, my mother told me I could put my dress back on for Sunday school. I told her I didn't want to and we had an argument over it until my dad intervened and told Mom that if I didn't want to wear clothes, I didn't have to. Mom relented and said he was right. It wasn't against the law to be unclothed, so as long as the church didn't have any objections, it was okay with her as well.
"Well, when we got to the church and I stepped out of the car with only my white dress shoes on, it caused quite a commotion. The pastor came out and had a discussion with my parents about my choice of attire, and they reminded him that Adam and Eve were both nude in the Garden of Eden until the snake made them eat the apple. God was angry that they were embarrassed to be nude in front of him and banished them, so technically, God prefers us to go around unclothed. The pastor agreed, and I was allowed to attend both church and Sunday school in the nude, from there on out.
"People were obviously taken aback at the sight of me at first, and several families stopped attending for a while, but came back after a few weeks. Pretty soon, almost everyone accepted me as a nudist. I was allowed to play with the other kids and go their house to play or stay over, just like before. A few of my friends even stopped wearing clothes for the summer too, but when it came time to go back to school, they all put them back on; except for me. And that is what caused all of the legal troubles."
"What happened?" I inquired. "I thought you said it was legal to be nude in public in Cali."
"It is, so when I was told I couldn't attend school naked, my parents sued the district for discrimination. I showed up at the bus stop along with all the other kids on the first day of school. Everyone was used to me being nude by that time, so none of us paid any attention to it. The bus driver sure did though! He wouldn't let me on the bus. He told me I was a pervert and wasn't allowed on the bus unless I was wearing clothes. I ran home crying and told my mother.
"Boy was she mad! Not at me mind you, but at the bus driver, so she took me to school herself and marched me right into the office and demanded to see the principal. The secretary was hemming and hawing about my snot having any clothes on, and finally he came out to see what all of the commotion was about. He went crazy too, and started going off on me and Mom but she wouldn't have any part of it. She told him I had the right to attend school naked if I wanted to. It wasn't against the law and it was protected under free speech. She even agreed to take me to school and pick me up every morning and afternoon, if the school bus driver was uncomfortable, but he flat said 'no way. She will wear clothes in this school or she will not be allowed here!'"
"That did it for Mom. She told him to fuck off, and we headed straight for the school superintendent's office downtown. He was a little more open minded about the situation, but still sided with the principal. She told him that they'd sue the school district for discrimination, but he wasn't too concerned about it and told us to do what we had to do.
"We sure did just that! Mom and Dad contacted an attorney that Dad knew, because he's an architect and designed his house in Scripps ranch. Then they called all the newspapers and TV stations in San Diego County and told them what had happened. They all came out to the house to talk to me and ask me why I wanted to go to school naked. They were all very nice to me, except for one nasty old bitch. I still remember her name: Gladys Steinberg. She told me I was a naughty little girl and my parents should be ashamed of themselves for letting me go naked. All the neighbors that were watching started booing her and she left. The others were nice though.
"All of a sudden, I was famous! I was on the radio and a few TV shows, and my story went out over the AP to every paper in the world. We filed suit against the county, and the judge ruled in our favor. They appealed, so it went to the state supreme court, who ruled that a public school was a public place and I could not be discriminated against just because I wanted to attend my classes au natural."
"I remember that now!" I exclaimed. "I'd totally forgotten about it! I remember seeing you on a news report in Nebraska. They showed you standing in your front yard talking to a reporter. All the good stuff was blocked out of course, but I remember thinking how cute and well spoken you were. I guess I had a crush on you even back then. I cheered when they said you could be nude, and my dad told me to pipe down. My mother was of course, completely disgusted by you, but she's a bit of a prude anyway."
"I've encountered a lot of them in my life." Nadine responded. "Several of them were my teachers too. So, the school had to let me come back. While it was in court, I was doing my work at home and other kids were taking it in for me, just like I was out sick. The first day I returned to school though, the whole place was in an uproar. There were a few kids that teased me incessantly about being nude, but most had seen me on TV and loved being around a celebrity of sorts. In time that died down, but by then I was generally accepted by all the students. There were a few though, that always had something to say, and that's where all the nicknames started.
"Like what?" I asked curiously. "I heard Nudie Trudy and a few others that I can't remember."
"Well, Nudie Trudy was the one that most people used. They still do to this day, as you've heard. Because my last name is Trudeau, they shortened it to Trudy to rhyme with nudie. Let's see... some of the others... Naked Nadine, Naughty Nadine by some of the parents, Nadine No-clothes, Nudie Nadine, Nudine - that one was clever - Bare Belly Nelly, Barebarella, Boobarella, Nadine Nudeau, Vicki Vagina, Barbie Boobies and of course, things like Slut, Whore and Bitch. I'm sure there are more; I just remember those. Then when I got older, it was more along the lines of Nadine Knockers and Barbie Boobies again. Nudie Trudy always stuck though."
"I'm sorry." I said with genuine contriteness. "I was teased some when I was a kid too. I moved to a new town and I was the smartest kid in school. Everyone tormented me because I was smart. Called me all kinds of names too. I moved again and let my hair grow out, and became friends with the ilk of those who had bullied me one town over. They knew I was smart, but I was also cool. They had no idea I had a genius IQ. Once I graduated, it all went away when I hit the real world."
"Well as you can see," Nadine pointed out, "it was a little harder for me to escape my school years. I appreciate your understanding though. It means a lot to me."
"So, how long did it take for everyone to accept your being a nudist?" I inquired.
"A couple of months." she replied. "Like I said, I had celeb status with a lot of the kids and even some of the teachers, but it was akin back then, to showing up in the fall as a boy named Ted, when at the end of the last school year, you were a girl named Michelle. Some people will accept it, while others never will. I don't hate then for feeling that way toward me, but I wish they would have just respected my decision to stop wearing clothes."
"You were born a girl though, right?" I asked good naturedly.
Nadine smiled.
"Yes, Smart-ass." she retorted. "You were inside me before. No surgeon is that good."
I laughed.
"You're probably right." I agreed. "So after a few months, what happened? What changed?"
"Everyone started treating me like they did before I went nude. I was just another kid in class. Of course, there were stares. There always were and always will be. That's never going to change. You know that firsthand."
I blushed, as I knew she was referring to what had happened earlier.
"Don't be embarrassed Jack!" she admonished. "I told you, it's okay to look; to be curious or even aroused. It's human nature.
"So as time went by, I started growing up - and out - and that got everyone's attention. My breasts started budding a year or so later, and then all of the boys were interested in me. Some of the girls got mad at me for it, but it wasn't my fault. By the time I was in intermediate school, some of the other girls decided to try it out themselves to see if the boys would take more interest in them. They did! By the time we entered high school, there were at least twenty five girls going to class nude. Some of them even went clothes free all the time. They were copying me, Jack! They were copying me to be cool and to get the guys!
"Suddenly, being a nudist wasn't a thing of disdain to be looked down on. It was the cool thing to be, if you wanted a guy. Granted, some of those girls were outright whores, but most of us weren't. We just liked being nude. We never felt in any danger either. Not like today, if it were to happen all over again. Someone would be raped or at the very least, groped or sexually harassed. I mean I was sexually harassed to an extent by the name calling, but nothing was ever over the top, or anything I couldn't handle. I suppose being able to handle that type of scrutiny and pressure at that age is what made me the strong person I am today; the mayor of Nudeville. Dammit! Now I'm doing it myself. Nordville."
I laughed at her slip.
"At least you can laugh at your mistakes." I pointed out. "That's not easy."
"No it's not." she sighed. "But then again, nothing ever is."
"Unless you win the lottery." I responded with a smile. "So you graduated high school. What did you do afterward?"
"I graduated with honors." Nadine said proudly. "I was the class valedictorian. I was also voted the Homecoming Queen - which I performed nude - and my boyfriend and I were named the Prom King and Queen. I took 'em all!"
"Good for you!" I burst out.
"Oh, you should have seen the crowd at graduation!" Nadine chirped. "I was wearing my cap - no gown of course - and when I stood in front of everyone in all of my naked glory and delivered my speech, you could have heard the applause a mile away. It was great! I felt so free and so in control at the same time. That's when I knew that I would continue a clothes-free lifestyle. I had honors, and being the valedictorian, I of course had scholarships and open invitations to several prestigious universities offered to me. The problem with the Ivy League schools though, is that while most are in top-free states, none are fully clothes-free, so I opted to stay in Cali instead. I got my major in sales and marketing, and a minor in business; degrees in both. I figured a nudist woman could do pretty well in the sales world, since most clients would be men."
"So you started your career selling stuff nude... that's hot." I whispered, as I began tugging on my cock to the thought of her strutting around the business world in her birthday suit. "Please continue."
Nadine didn't notice at first, that I was jerking off to her nude body once again, so she continued.
"It was great!" she gushed. "I'd meet potential clients for the first time, usually in a public place, and they'd be totally caught off guard. Most would agree to a deal on the spot without even continuing the meeting, for fear of being seen with me. It was awesome. A few though, wanted the full meeting and that was usually followed by them wanting something else. I would let them jerk off, but never anything more than that."
She glanced over at me and shook her head.
"You just can't help yourself, can you?" she asked with a grin. "Speaking of jerking off."
"Nope." I replied; a nice feeling building up inside of my pelvis. "Please continue. You would meet clients in public with no clothes on-"
"And I would fuck them right there. Does that turn you on, Jack? Oh, they were all female too. Imagine me sucking on a set of giant titties. Mmm, imagine that Jack, me with another woman. Does that do it for you? Are you going to cum?"
"Oh shit!" I gasped, as I turned to one side, allowing my stream of jizz to shoot over the edge of the deck and flutter down to the grass below.
I grunted a few more times, as several more spurts of semen erupted from my dick and tried to achieve low Earth orbit.
"Are you finished?" Nadine inquired. "If so, I'll continue."
"I think so." I replied.
This time I did not apologize, and she smiled.
"Good for you. No second thoughts. You're learning, Jack. Just be yourself when you're around me, that's all."
I nodded in reply.
"So you started out in sales. Were you successful?"
"Very!" she said exuberantly. "Too much so, in fact. I became a threat to my bosses, so I was canned. Hired on somewhere else, but the same thing happened. After a while, I couldn't get a job anywhere. Word had spread."
"What did you do then?" I queried.
"Well, I'd already made a ton of money that I had invested, so I had a good start. Since my other degree is in business, I decided to start my own. I purchased software that allows me to have online shops, where customers order from me, and the actual businesses that make the products ship them directly. I get a cut for doing absolutely nothing but driving business to my sites and making the sales. Being online, I can live anywhere in the world, so I decided to finally move out of SoCal and leave it all behind me like a bad Mexican lunch."
I couldn't help but giggle at her remark.
"I did a lot of research to see which states allow public nudity, and this one caught my eye because no one really knows there are no laws against it here; at least not until I moved here and ran for office. Originally, no one had any idea at all, until a couple of college girls did some research and decided to go shopping completely nude in Brattleboro."
"I remember hearing about that too!" I mused. "So much of what you've told me is stuff I've heard before but totally forgot. Funny how it all ties to you."
Nadine smiled.
"Well, the same thing happened to me when I first got here. Those girls had researched state law and found they could be nude in public, so they were. Someone called the cops of course, who showed up and tried to arrest them. No laws were broken. That was the story that did it for me. Far away from Cali, so I found a house and some land for sale online and bought it. Sort of like you did, except nowhere near as good a deal.
"Anyway, I decided that Nordville was the place for me and moved here. It was a bummer driving here though! I had to wear clothes the whole time! It was horrible! I felt so self conscious when I would have to get out of my car and go inside a restaurant or gas station."
"Drive thrus and pay at the pump?" I suggested.
"I wanted real food and I don't use a credit card." Nadine explained.
"I don't use a credit card either." I said with a grin. "Another commonality."
"Well, I got into town and met the movers at my new place. I waited until they got my stuff moved in, and after they left, I took all of my clothes back off and haven't worn them since; except when it gets cold outside, although I know there are a lot of people who would just love to see me walking around in thirty degree temps without any clothes on!" she laughed.
"I'll bet your nipples would look like broom handles." I marveled. "Maybe you can show me this winter?"
"Oh Jack, I love to run around nude in the snow." Nadine confessed. "If you join me, you can see just how big and stiff my nipples can get. They look like marshmallows when they get hard, and I don't mean the little ones you put in hot chocolate either; I'm talking the kind you use in s'mores."
"I can't wait for it to snow!" I exclaimed.
"It'll happen soon enough." Nadine replied with a smile. "So after the movers left and I took my clothes off, I decided to go into town and gas up the car, and do a little shopping in the little grocery store that goes with the station. I got out of the car and walked into the store, and everyone's eyes just bugged out of their heads. I calmly went about my shopping, despite hearing someone say, 'somebody call the police.' I got what I needed and walked up to the checkout, just as two deputies entered the store. Of course, they wanted to talk to me. Not that I was doing anything wrong mind you, they just wanted to talk to me. Can't say I blamed them.
"The cashier looked at me and said, 'It wasn't me. I didn't call them. I actually like it!' I thanked her and told the deputies that I was not breaking any laws. They both agreed with me but said they had to come out since a complaint had been made. I understood, and told them so. One of those deputies is now the current sheriff, by the way."
"Anyway, that was everyone's introduction to me. Of course I had to go through all of the same stuff I did in school all over again, but this time I was dealing with adults, and very soon, my clothes-free way of life became acceptable to them. I attended several town council meetings and voiced my opinion several times. Someone suggested that I run for mayor and make those changes. I did, and I won, and the rest as they say... is history."
"Everyone says you're a good politician and good for this town." I remarked. "I have a lot of respect for you because of that. I also have respect for you for having the courage to go through life without any clothes on. All in all, I just respect the heck out of you. When I'm not masturbating in front of you, that is." I added quickly.
Nadine laughed and took my hand.
"Oh Jack, my love; my friend." she said softly. "What am I going to do with you?"
"Anything you want, Nadine." I replied, as I stared first into her eyes and then down at her soft tits. "Anything you want."