The last week had been a filled with court visits, short hearings, and meetings with her lawyer, Mr. Braxton. One of the first things she had done when she returned from her second session at the Punishment Center, where her pussy had been spanked in front of a live audience, was to tell the law firm what had happened to her during the strip search.
There, a guard, the most unprofessional one she had encountered over during her two visits to the Punishment Center, had goaded her into disobeying him. He filed a disciplinary complaint and Gracie had had nipple clamps attached to her breasts in addition to her scheduled sentence. She knew it had been stupid to not listen to the guard, but he had made her mad and she stubborn. She was convinced he had abused his power.
As it turned out, she was right. Mr. Braxton had filed an emergency motion with the courts about the guard's behavior and attempted to get Gracie's third punishment reduced or removed because her rights had been violated. The results had been mixed. The judge issued reprimands to the two guards who conducted her search and the Director of the Punishment Center promised to investigate. Unfortunately, though, the judge refused to change her sentence. However, he did allow Gracie to change her punishment appointment to another Punishment Center in order to avoid any guard's that might have a bone to pick after her complaint.
As it stood, her punishment had been postponed a few days, from Friday to Monday, and, instead of it taking place at the Center in the downtown of her home city, it was going to happen at a smaller Punishment Center located in a town nearly two hours away. It was the closest Center that had the equipment necessary for her unique, and, she had recently learned, rare punishment.
In legal language, her punishment was a "J45" described as, "corporal punishment by electroshock." In her mind, Gracie had just shortened it to "electrocution." She knew that was, perhaps, a little dramatic, conjuring images of the electric chair or spies with car batteries, but it wasn't technically incorrect. She knew that the Punishment Centers, one guard excepted, were professional and meticulous. Whatever was going to happen was going to be painful, but it was also going to be safe, otherwise it wouldn't be on the books.
Now Sunday night, she was sitting in a hotel room with her two new friends whom she had met two weeks ago during her first punishment. Her friendship with Kelsey and AJ had formed quickly over the last two weeks. It had been forged in unique circumstances as they all waited to be punished in front of a roaring crowd at a public park. Kelsey had declared the three of them sisters and Gracie couldn't deny how close she felt to the two of them.
They were both a decade younger than her, making them much younger sisters. Gracie was twenty-nine while Kelsey was nineteen and AJ was eighteen. Initially, that had made Gracie want to distance herself from them, but they had stayed glued to her side and they had proven to be wise beyond their years. Last weekend, Gracie had slept over at Kelsey's apartment the night before her second punishment and this weekend Gracie had invited them to stay in her hotel room. They happily accepted an invitation to keep her company.
They had arrived in town on Saturday and were staying until Monday morning when Gracie had to report to the Punishment Center. Yesterday they had went strawberry picking at a local farm and enjoyed the sunny late May weather outdoors. Gracie was glad to distract herself with a minivacation out in the country and was glad to fund her friends joining her. She knew, deep down, that they would have come anywhere to support her, but it made her feel better to show them a good time, too.
Earlier today, they had went shopping and had eaten dinner at one of the restaurants on the town's main street and then returned to the hotel. Soon, she was expecting Kelsey to bring up the topic of her punishment. Gracie had demanded that they try to forget about it until tonight, but she was surprised to be looking forward to discussing it.
Last week, when she had stayed at Kelsey's place, they had stripped down in an effort to get over their insecurities about people seeing them naked and Kelsey had, lightly, spanked Gracie between her legs to practice for the next day's punishment. It had kind of worked, perhaps too well, Gracie thought. In fact, she had been turned on by being watched and admired by the crowd. Once she set her insecurities aside, she had discovered some latent exhibitionist desires.
Kelsey and AJ were sitting together on their bed watching TV. They had started a budding romance the last week and were sleeping together, giving Gracie the other bed to herself. Gracie knew they had hooked up last weekend and was glad that it was continuing, rather than one of them recoiling from their first, Gracie presumed, lesbian encounter. Kelsey was the smallest of the girls with a cute round face and a boyish haircut while AJ had a much fuller figure and long curly blonde hair that she currently had tied in a bun atop her head.
The three of them were already in their pajamas. Gracie was in a white t-shirt and long black men's basketball shorts down to her knees. Kelsey had on her glasses, which she only wore in private, and was in gym clothes, which, Gracie had discovered, was what she wore when she wasn't trying to look good. Her black shorts with white stripes just barely came below her ass and she had one of her many college shirts. AJ was the only one in anything that was meant to be sleepwear. She had a satiny, navy button up shirt and billowy shorts, each with matching white trim.
"Soooo," Kelsey started, switching the television off, "Are you ready to talk about it. You said it helped last week."
"I know I'm ready. Last week was," AJ hesitated, "interesting."
Kelsey nudged her friend, not knowing how Gracie felt about last week. The three of them had avoided talking about it, so far.
"That's ok. I would say last week was fun, I guess. It was for you two, for sure," Gracie responded, while moving from the small chair in the corner to her bed. The three girls all repositioned themselves so they each sat cross legged facing each other with Gracie on one bed and the younger girls on theirs.
AJ blushed, realizing that she could have just put her foot in her mouth, but she smiled as Gracie let her off the hook.
"So, do you want to talk about last week or just focus on tomorrow?" Kelsey asked.
"There isn't much to say about last week. It sucked like you'd expect. You know I was in court this week over something that happened there."
"Yeah what was that about?"
"Um, I got an enhancement because a guard broke a rule. That's why we are out here in the country for tomorrow instead of the usual Center."
Her friends frowned but didn't speak.
Gracie realized that they wanted more information. Sighing she said, "Clamps," as she cupped her large breasts with her palms.
"Ow, sorry," AJ said, "Sorry we shouldn't be so curious."
"No, it's ok. I'm fine with being an open book, just like last week. I really have to tell you all, I wasn'tthatembarrassed," Gracie said, "And that's because of last week. It really helped. Thank you."
"You'd do it for us," Kelsey responded.
"Well, don't break the law and I won't have to," Gracie laughed, "But I would."
"I wasn't planning on it," AJ added, "It sounds like Kelsey is considering it."
The three women laughed at the joke. Gracie thought about telling them about liking being watched, but she hesitated. "Is that too weird? No, gonna be open about it, they're my friends."
"I am not!" Kelsey assured AJ. "I mean, I did meet you guys, but, you know," she trailed off, not wanting to tell her new girlfriend she would have rather not met her.
Gracie knew what would avoid that conversation, "Well on that note. Last time wasn't all bad, and this is weird, you'll have to forgive me, but I kind of liked being looked at."
"What?" Kelsey exclaimed.
"Oh God, is it that bad?" Gracie asked, grimacing.
"No, no, just tell us. It's interesting!" AJ urged.
"Ok, good. I kind of thought it might be like an insult to you two. That . . ." She collected her thoughts and restarted, "I don't know. I thought it might hurt your feelings that I liked doing something that resembled what happened to you two."
Both girls shrugged their shoulders.
Gracie was relieved they weren't insulted, "I'm so glad. I felt weird about it. I didn't know that about myself and I think it's because I was focusing on not being insecure and the audience clapped for me when I went on stage. It was a rush."
"Well what else happened?" Kelsey asked.
"I mean nothing. I was turned on, but either nobody noticed, or nobody cared," Gracie caught herself, before adding, "Well, I know the technician noticed."
"How?" AJ asked.
Kelsey narrowed her eyes at Gracie, "She got wet."
Gracie confirmed it with a shy nod. "So, too weird? Do you hate me now?" Gracie asked, fishing for affirmation.
"Of course not," Kelsey assured her, "I can't say I felt the same, but I had a giant thing in my ass."
"And the crowd was much meaner at the park," Gracie added, "It was strange. I expected the crowd to boo but they were respectful. And, like I said, the clapping felt pretty good."
"I mean it makes sense that you would like admiration," AJ said, "I don't think it's something to worry about."
"Yeah, don't worry about it. Something to know about yourself," Kelsey added.
"Yeah, I guess," Gracie said.
"So, you haven't told us what's going to happen tomorrow. We've been patient all week. Haven't we, AJ?" Kelsey changed the subject, as AJ nodded in agreement.
Gracie knew it was coming but didn't know how talking about her electrocution was going to help. "But I said I was going to be an open book,"she told herself.
"We're not going to be able to practice this one," Gracie told them. Taking a breath, she said it aloud, "Electroshock punishment."
There was silence as her friends thought. Gracie was sure they were imagining something physical like all the other punishments.
Finally, Kelsey, settled on levity, "Shocking."
Gracie snorted a laugh and the girls joined in after seeing her good humor. "That was probably what I needed to hear," Gracie said.
"Alright good, that was the first thing that came to mind," Kelsey said, still chuckling, "I mean that's scary, what are you most worried about?"
"Back to business, I see," Gracie said as Kelsey returned to her concerned friend persona. "Electricity just seems scary. Like, I know it must be safe or they wouldn't do it, but I'm thinking of the electric chair."
Kelsey thought for few moments, "Yeah, I was too, honestly. Maybe that is what they're trying to do? They're trying to scare you more than hurt you."
AJ nodded her head, agreeing with Kelsey.
Gracie saw what she was doing. Kelsey was good with coming up with strategies to make the punishments easier. Last week she had coached Gracie to let go of her insecurities and just accept the blows as inevitable. It really had helped, so Gracie was predisposed to trust her again.
"You're probably right. They're not allowed to leave permanent injuries. That's against the law."
"That means no burning and no, I don't know, heart risks?" Kelsey wondered aloud.
Gracie nodded, grimacing at being reminded of the perils, "Yeah I'm sure they have that taken care of."
"That means they probably can't hurt you that bad. They're just trying to get you wound up, so it's worse than it should be. Do you know how it happens?" Kelsey asked.
"No, I knew how the last two worked because my lawyers could research the Punishment Center, but I didn't know I was going to be in this Center until Thursday so there wasn't any time."
AJ chimed in, "Well, I'm sure there are some things we could practice tonight."
"Like what? Believe me, I've been thinking about it," Gracie asked.
"I don't think we could do anything with the electricity, but we can guess how it's going to work. They're going to, you know," she gave the other girls a chance to fill in the blank, but they just looked at her. "Insert things," she said, pantomiming with her hands.
"Mmm, yeah," Kelsey agreed, nodding.
Gracie hadn't really thought about it, much. Other than the electric chair, she had been imagining cattle prods poking at her but had been trying to bury those thoughts. However, what AJ suggested, did make sense.
Gracie finally nodded along with the other girls, "Yeah that does fit the Punishment Centers' MO." She knew what Kelsey was about to suggest but wasn't going to be the first one to say it.
"That is something we could practice. I've done it before," Kelsey said. Last week, she'd admitted to inserting things in her ass to practice for her public punishment.
"I'm game for whatever Gracie wants to do," AJ confirmed.
Gracie didn't really want to do this, but she knew she had signed up for this, however implicitly. It was what they had done last week, and she'd invited them out to do the same thing. "And it did help,"she reminded herself.
"Alright, how is this going to work, Kelsey? You're the brains of the operation."
Kelsey looked away from Gracie like she was embarrassed, "Well, I did kind of prepare for this."
"How did you do that?"
Kelsey sighed before admitting, "The two of us were talking about it and trying to predict what your punishment was. Surprisingly, it's not public record. Or at least not easy to find online."
Gracie realized that was why AJ suggested the idea. She'd been involved in the planning and thought faster than Kelsey.
Kelsey continued, "We figured there were two types of things the Punishment Code liked and that was hitting us, which is easy enough to practice, and sticking stuff into us, like what happened to me. I still had my codebook, so we had the list of possibilities."
Gracie was touched. She had glanced over the punishment codes and quickly threw them away, shocked, scared, and somewhat traumatized by the list of possibilities. That the girls read them to help her really showed how much they cared. "Thanks, you girls are so nice. You don't have to do this, but what did you prepare?"
"I guess you probably don't need to prepare your vagina, but we thought you might want to practice anal, so I brought lube and, um, I bought some hairbrushes like what I used to practice."
"Hairbrushes?"
"Yeah, we thought about buying dildos, but we were too embarrassed to go to a sex store," Kelsey said uncomfortably. AJ giggled with her friend.
Gracie was reminded of their relative inexperience, thinking of her drawer at home filled with a handful of vibrators she'd collected over the years. They had never been her thing and she had never used a dildo, having always focused on her clit when it came to toys. "Is it soft?"
"Yeah, its kind of a jelly handle. I did research on safety, there's nothing that's going to cut us or anything. It's the same type I used for two weeks and I was fine."
"Yeah, ok, let's do it," Gracie said after a moment of thought. This wasn't any weirder than what happened last week and, now that she thought about it, it seemed like good odds something would be in her butt tomorrow. Suddenly, she realized something else. Maybe she wanted to get naked in front of Kelsey and AJ. Now that she knew she liked being watched, she didn't know how her body would react. "Maybe this is different than being in front of a crowd? I guess I should warn them. I doubt they'll mind."
Kelsey had gotten off the bed and was rummaging through her purple suitcase. She extracted a plastic bag from a pharmacy and climbed back onto the bed.
"Before we start, what if I get turned on?"
"Who cares?" AJ answered, "I don't."
"Yeah, you saw what happened to us last week," Kelsey confirmed, "You can just get off if you want to. We don't mind."
These girls were somehow both very liberated and very innocent, "How can you be both embarrassed to buy dildos and be ok with public masturbation?"
Kelsey shrugged, "It's just us sisters here, right? We were naked when we met, and after last week there are even fewer lines to be crossed. Let's just do what we want, no judgement."
"Ok, then," Gracie answered. She had thought Kelsey was joking, but she seemed up for anything. Gracie couldn't rule it out.
AJ was rifling through the bag and laid six nearly identical brushes out on the bed, only differing by color. She tossed two of the brushes, a lime green one and a powder blue one, to Gracie on the other bed and pushed two in front of Kelsey. She put the bottle of lubrication on the bedside table that sat between the two beds.
"Do I really need two?" Gracie asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Just in case," Kelsey said, shrugging.
"Fine, I guess it's time to get undressed," Gracie said, surprised to feel her heartrate increase.
"Bottoms only?" Kelsey asked.
"No, let's get the girls out," Gracie said.
"Yeah, I like your boobs, Kels," AJ said.
Kelsey shrugged. Gracie could tell Kelsey was still self-conscious of her small chest, especially next to her two friends' larger boobs, but she couldn't say no to her new girlfriend.
They looked at each other, all waiting to see who was going to start. After a long few seconds, Gracie exhaled, "I'll go first. I do like when people look at me, after all."
The other girls laughed. Gracie was only partly joking, she wanted to see how her body was going to respond. She was reluctant to put one of the brushes in her butt, but she didn't want to be spanked either and she had still gotten wet.
Without hesitation, she pulled off her oversized white t-shirt showing her large perky breasts to her friends. They were topped with brown puffy nipples that stood out from her olive skin.
Gracie stood up from the bed and hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her shorts and yanked them down, lifting her feet to help gravity take them to the floor. Her large breasts stood in contrast to the rest of her thin body. She had often been insecure about how skinny she was and her, as she described them, "bird legs."
She was wearing a pair of black bikini-cut panties, though not for long. Quickly, they joined her pants in a pile next to the bed. Gracie sat back on the bed, instinctively keeping her legs together.
AJ started next. Gracie wouldn't have minded if they all undressed at the same time but taking turns had become their habit. "People like being the center of attention,"she decided.
The larger girl unbuttoned the front of her shirt, her breasts parting the fabric before she got to the last button. Gracie knew they were similar sized to hers but on a larger frame and they hung lower down her chest. She shrugged the shirt off of her shoulders, causing them to jiggle, and tossed the garment aside.
She lifted her bottom off the bed and pulled both her pants and underwear off of her round hips, and, sitting back down, rolled them down her legs and tossed them on the floor. She pulled her knees up to her chest, hiding herself.
Kelsey was eyeing her new girlfriend the whole time. Gracie was going to be surprised if the two of them didn't hook up tonight. She remembered being a teenager, when she couldn't keep her hands off her first boyfriend.
"Fine, y'all can just put by little tits to shame, again," Kelsey said. She pulled off her t-shirt but still had on a black sports bra.
"I like your boobs, Kels, they're a good handful," AJ assured her, as Gracie nodded, feeling awkward to be a part of their flirting.
"Yeah, yeah," Kelsey said, slipping her fingers under the bottom of the sports bra and lifting them up and off her chest. It wasn't like she was flat chested. Her breasts were perky, round B-cups topped with little nipples almost the color of her pale skin.
Quickly she stood up, as Gracie had, and pulled down her gym shorts and panties revealing her bare lips and a dark landing strip atop her mound. She sat back down, but unlike AJ and Gracie she was still cross legged, happy to show her symmetrical, pink labia to her friends. Of the three, Kelsey was the only one with the "perfect" symmetrical lips that were ubiquitous online. Gracie wasn't jealous of Kelsey, but she wished she could be as confident.
"That gets easier every time," AJ said.
"Yeah a lot better than the first time in front of a guard," Kelsey added.
"That was your first time?" Gracie asked, she knew it had been AJ's but thought Kelsey might have been more experienced.
"Kind of, it was the first time exposed in a bright room. I'd hooked up with guys, but it was always dark and under the covers," she laughed nervously.
"That makes sense," Gracie told her, "Having a male guard sucks, too."
Kelsey nodded.
AJ chimed in, "I've still never had a man touch me."
"The guy in the tent," Kelsey reminded her.
"Right, I forgot about him. Still, not, you know, down there," AJ responded.
"We don't have to talk about that day," Gracie offered, "How do you suggest I do this, Kelsey? You're the expert."
"As much lube as you think you need and relaxation. I used my finger first and built up. At first I did it in the shower but then I started doing it in the mirror in my room so I would know what it looked like."
"I don't really care how it looks. Tomorrow is private, anyway. I'll just do it on the bed, it won't be that bad, not my sheets anyway," she joked.
"You don't have to go first," Kelsey said, "I've done it before."
"No, I'll go first," AJ volunteered, "I never got spanked last week, I owe you."
"I'm not going to stop you, but there is no owing going on here," Gracie protested.
"Whatever, you know what I mean," AJ said, "Pass the lube over, Kels."
"Alright," Kelsey grabbed the lube and passed it to AJ.
AJ laid on her right side, so her head pointed toward Kelsey and her ass pointed away from the circle. She supported her head with her right hand and her left hand reached behind her toward her cheeks.
She had chosen a position where the other girls couldn't see what she was doing, which was fine as far as Gracie was concerned. She didn't need to watch this, but she was touched that they were willing to share in this with her. "Maybe they're getting something out of this."
AJ's hand was rubbing back and forth. After a few seconds, she reached for the lube letting her head drop so she had two hands to fiddle with the lid and squirted a large helping of lube onto her index finger, "Wow that was more slippery than I was imagining."
"They make it like that for a reason," Kelsey said, "You'll be fine, just go slow."
"I've had a finger in my ass before," AJ reminded her, referencing the cavity search they had all endured. She reached back toward her ass and brought her left knee forward. Gracie watched as she took a deep breath and frowned as she pushed her finger into herself. After a moment she smiled to her friends, "See? No big deal with the lube."
"You don't have to use the brush," Gracie told her.
"No, no, I'm going to try at least." AJ rolled more onto her stomach, pressing her breasts on the comforter, and propped herself slightly on her knees so her ass pointed upward off the bed, "Will you lube the brush, Kels?"
Kelsey grabbed a black handled brush off the bed and squeezed a line of lube onto the handle. She rubbed the lube all around the handle and handed it to her girlfriend. Gracie looked down at the lime green brush next to her. It was maybe eight inches long, half of it the round handle that tapered at the end and where it connected to the flat backed brush. At its widest point in the middle it was less than an inch in diameter. Gracie realized it was probably just about perfect for its purpose tonight, Kelsey knew what she was doing.
AJ held it by the bristle end and reached behind her. With her other hand, she spread her cheeks and, closing her eyes, she started to push the handle into her. She gasped softly but kept pushing it in. It didn't take her long for her to get it all the way into her.
Gracie was impressed. AJ even left it there and returned her hands to the bed though she was breathing heavier than she had before. The figure she cut was strange. The pretty blonde teenager was on her knees and elbows with her ass in the air with the bristle side of the brush sticking out like a tail.
She thought it wasn't the most realistic prediction of the position she would be in tomorrow. Sure, it would give the technicians access, but she thought being strapped into a gynecological chair, like she had been last week for her spanking, was more likely. That option just seemed simpler for all involved.
"Are you ok?" Kelsey asked.
"Yeah, it's fine. It's ok once it's in. It didn't hurt too much. I'm going to take it out now, though."
She reached back and grunted as she pulled the brush out of her hole. Quickly, she got off the bed and walked to the bathroom. Gracie heard water running and soon AJ returned without the brush, "No reason to have that on the bed."
Gracie could tell AJ was flustered but was trying to hide it.
Kelsey rubbed her friend's hand, "Good job, much better than my first time. I actually don't mind the feeling once it's in, as long as the thing isn't too big."
"Yeah, the feeling of it coming out was . . . something," AJ declared.
"You like it?" Kelsey asked, sounding surprised.
"Like I said," AJ responded, her hand moving slightly toward her crotch, "It was something."
"I can leave you girls alone," Gracie offered.
"No, I mean, maybe later," Kelsey said, winking at AJ.
"Yeah, something for us to look forward to," AJ said quickly.
Gracie wasn't sure what that meant. "Are they expecting a threesome?"She decided that wasn't going to happen, but they could do whatever they wanted.
"I think you're next, Kelsey," AJ prompted.
Gracie wasn't going to complain about going last. She had never liked anal with any of her old boyfriends, but she was going to make herself do this. The practice had helped last week and there was a lot of peer pressure, now that AJ had done it.
Kelsey frowned as she rubbed lube on the handle of a dark blue hairbrush. "For somebody who planned these nights, she never seems that excited to participate,"Gracie thought, "I guess that makes her a good friend, though."
"Don't make fun of me," Kelsey requested, "But this is the best way to do it."
She got up from her cross-legged position and sat up on her toes. She spread her knees far apart exposing her lips to her friends even more than she had been before.
"Wow," AJ complemented.
"Not now," Kelsey responded. She clearly wasn't looking forward to her routine, but she caught herself, winking at her girlfriend.
Holding the brush in her right and using her left to support herself, she positioned the brush underneath her. She hesitated, taking some deep breaths, before slowly lowering herself onto the handle. She winced as the handle started to disappear inside of her. She supported the brush with her hand but didn't push it up into her, instead she gently moved her ass side to side, sliding the handle into her hole.
Ten seconds later, it was in her all the way up to the hilt and she exhaled, "There, done." She slowly closed her legs and let herself fall down on her side, so the brush pointed to the side away from AJ.
AJ petted her friend's hair, "Good job, sorry to ogle."
"It's ok," she turned her head to Gracie, "It gets better the longer you get used to it. Eventually you can just ignore it."
"You don't have to keep it in," Gracie told her, "I can tell you don't like it."
"It's not the brush, it just brings up some memories."
"Let me take it out then," AJ offered.
"Ok, I trust you."
AJ scooted over toward Kelsey and reached over her. Slowly, at first, she wiggled the brush free, before extracting it quickly once the widest point was out. Kelsey gasped as it was removed and laid her head in AJ's lap.
AJ was left holding the hairbrush, but Gracie could tell she didn't know what to do with it. Wanting to let Kelsey stay with AJ, she got up and motioned that she would take the brush to the bathroom. AJ handed it over and went back to stroking her friend's hair as she recovered.
Gracie went to the bathroom feeling guilty for what she'd just put Kelsey through. "If I feel peer pressure, she must feel it too, and she has worse memories."
She washed the handle of the brush with soap and water and laid it on a towel next to the brush that AJ had already cleaned. "Maybe I should call this off, that wasn't easy for Kelsey,"she debated with herself as she took her time washing her hands.
As she was about to leave the bathroom, she checked herself. Reaching a hand between her legs, she touched slight dampness. "Damn, this whole routine is getting to me."Everything she had been doing with her friends was so intimate even if they never touched each other. She really wasn't surprised when she thought about it. "Oh well, I know they'll get over it."
She walked out of the bathroom, prepared to offer an end to the night. However, it was clear that the girls weren't ready to quit. AJ was sitting with her legs crossed and Kelsey was straddling her girlfriend, their lips locked together. Both of them flushed as they saw Gracie return. They quickly separated and Kelsey climbed off AJ's lap as Gracie sat back on her bed.
"Sorry," Kelsey said, flustered.
"It's ok, I can leave you guys alone. We don't have to keep going. I'll go take a long shower."
"No, no, you don't have to. We can keep going. I mean, you don't have to," Kelsey blurted, "Wait, let me catch my breath."
Gracie didn't know what she wanted to do. She would have felt bad to quit after watching them, but she also felt bad about interrupting whatever their time together.
After collecting herself, Kelsey continued, "It's whatever you want to do. We'd be selfish to run you off because we're horny." AJ nodded in agreement.
Gracie decided to just be honest with them, "Girls, I'm turned on and I'm not sure what I want to do. I could just take care of myself in the shower and give you guys time out here, but I feel bad not, um, practicing after what you guys did."
"Do both then," Kelsey suggested, "We can be patient, we would feel bad if you didn't get to practice because of us."
"I guess," Gracie started, but Kelsey wasn't done yet.
"You can join us if you want. We both agreed before tonight."
Gracie thought that might be what they were aiming for and she couldn't deny it was tempting. "I don't know, girls," she said, giving herself time to think.
"Whatever, you're comfortable with, but we both have a crush on you," AJ assured her, smiling.
"Does that make it weirder?"Gracie thought. She debated with herself, "Am I leading them on? Is this irresponsible? Am I asking too much of them?"She shook herself out of indecision, "No, they're adults and this was their idea. It will be ok."
Gracie finally picked a middle ground, "I'll take care of myself on my own bed. Is that ok?"
The two younger girls looked at each other and nodded. Kelsey spoke, "That sounds good to us. We know you like being watched now." The girls laughed, putting Gracie at ease.
She couldn't deny that. Her heartrate was quickening now that she knew what was going on. "This was probably always going to happen. It'll be fun."
Gracie grasped the lime green brush next to her and held it up, "I guess I have to do my practice, don't I?"
"If you think it will help," Kelsey responded.
"Last week did, and I can't back out after you guys. Toss the lube."
In a moment, the bottle landed to her side. She debated how she should sit. AJ's method seemed strange and not helpful for tomorrow, while following Kelsey's lead scared her. What if she toppled over? Finally, she decided to imitate a gyno chair the best that she could since it seemed the most likely position the next day. She put her feet on the floor and slid her butt forward so that it was on the very edge of the bed.
With some reluctance, not from showing her friends her vagina but from the fear of how wet it was, she opened her legs revealing her dark labia to the room. Below her cleft, partially hidden by her cheeks, her dark bottom hole awaited her fingers and soon the brush handle.
Gracie looked at her friends, whose eyes were transfixed on her privates, and a shiver went through her. "Yep, I like being watched. That's probably good for tomorrow, makes it easier."
Her right hand slid down from her stomach, over her mound, and, brushing quickly over her lips, one finger found her anus. She pushed against it and, as she expected, she couldn't get far. "Relaxation and lube, like Kelsey said,"she reminded herself.
She took some deep breaths and fumbled with the lid of the lube bottle. She was nervous and shaking, not from fear, she realized, but from anticipation. Finally, she got it open and squeezed a few drops onto her finger. "Relax, I've had fingers in my ass before."
When her finger reached her ass, she didn't hesitate, figuring the guards wouldn't tomorrow. She pressed her finger against her hole, and it relented. Quickly the first two knuckles of her finger were in her ass. She wiggled it around, testing how it felt and trying to prepare herself for the brush. It hurt slightly, but at least it was her own finger. After a few moments she brought it partially out before pressing it back in, training herself to not bear down.
After she was satisfied with her warmup, she pulled her finger out. Still quivering from anticipation Gracie dribbled lubrication onto the gel handle of the brush and twisted her hand around the grip, spreading the wetness all over it. She flipped the brush and held it by its head, the bristles were cheap plastic and spread to the side as she gripped it. She reached down and positioned the handle before her hole and started to push it in.
As soon as the handle started to widen, Gracie felt uncomfortably full. She wavered, looking at her friends who were giving her supportive smiles. "Come on can't quit now. They didn't."
Gracie restarted, pulling the brush out a little. Now she rotated it back and forth as it slid in. She was better lubricated now that some had been deposited inside her and quickly it was all the way in. She released the head and felt her muscles contract around the insert, involuntarily trying to expel the object.
She closed her eyes and imagined what it would be like tomorrow at the Punishment Center. In her mind's eye, Gracie was strapped down in the same position as last week. A masked punishment technician was hovering over her as he inserted probes between her legs. Surprised, Gracie realized she wasn't that scared. She had gone through so much the last few weeks that she knew she could get through whatever happened tomorrow.
Opening her eyes, she saw her friends still watching her and arousal surged between her legs. She pulled the brush out from her ass and sat up. "That wasn't bad. I think I'm ready."
Kelsey and AJ smiled as Gracie walked to the bathroom. Gracie washed the brush and her hands and checked between her folds. She was still wet. Her mind was a jumble. She couldn't put her finger on what exactly was turning her on and she ran through the options, "Intimate night with friends, being watched, or am I looking forward to tomorrow?"The last choice worried her, but maybe she could use the feeling. If she could make herself look forward to being seen naked by the guards and techs, then it was better than being scared.
She looked at herself in the mirror, "What has happened to me?"Two weeks ago, at her first punishment, public nudity was what worried her the most, but now she thought she could use it to distract herself from the real punishment. Finally, she shook her head, "Whatever. I'll do whatever I can to get through this. Less than twenty-four hours and I'll be done."
Gracie returned to the bedroom expecting the girls to be all over each other and they didn't disappoint. Kelsey was laying on top of her girlfriend. Their lips were locked together, and they were grinding into each other. She tried not to watch them too intently. Gracie didn't get off on voyeurism. "I wonder if they like watching me or if they just can't keep their hands off each other?"
She laid back on her bed and decided to focus on herself. She propped up some pillows so she could lean back against the wall and spread her legs. Well-practiced fingers quickly split her labia and started rubbing slow circles around her clit.
Gracie closed her eyes and she was back in the theatre where her pussy was spanked last week. Her legs were tied up and spread for the crowd to enjoy. She couldn't remember any specific faces from that day, so her fantasy was populated by old friends, acquaintances, and coworkers who were staring at her bare lips and applauding.
Gracie's finger started rubbing harder around her clit as she relived her exposure and the crowd's adoration. She reached her spare hand across her chest and started to roll her nipple between her thumb and forefinger. She squirmed under her own touch, lifting her hips and grinding into an invisible partner.
As she started to gasp involuntarily, Gracie was suddenly self-conscious and turned her head to look at her friends. Both panting, they were obviously in their own world. They had rolled onto their sides, with their backs toward Gracie. Kelsey was the big spoon and her hand was reaching between AJ's thighs.
Gracie pulled her eyes from her friends and returned to her own fantasy. She realized her hands weren't tied to the chair and she couldn't help but rub between her legs. She was masturbating for the crowd, running her fingers from her clit to her opening. She felt herself approaching the finish as she imagined an ex-coworker's face light up as she spread her lips for the crowd, giving them an unfettered view.
Back in reality, she slipped her finger into her soaked hole and pulled wetness up to her clit as she rolled over into her favorite position. Her nipples rubbed against the comforter as she ground her clit into her palm and her fingers dipped into her cunt. She looked at the bed next to her, where Kelsey's hand still played between AJ's legs, and listened as AJ moaned, overwhelmed by her girlfriend's work.
Returning to her imagination, the masked guard loomed over her. He reached between her legs, but this time he delivered pleasure, not pain, as his fingers slipped into her hole. Soon Gracie climaxed and she moaned, matching the teenager's exclamations. As Gracie came down her fantasy dissipated taking all her worries and expectations for the next day with it.
Exhausted, Gracie pulled down the sheets and climbed into the bed. The girls had switched positions. Kelsey was arching her back as AJ went down on her. Giving them privacy, Gracie rolled over. She listened as the sounds of Kelsey's passion were the last thing she heard before falling asleep.