And this then, is the summary of my relapse. In excruciating and elaborate detail as if it actually happened... The first day I had met an old flame while on a visit to Munich for the Oktoberfest and despite my best efforts to be the gentleman, we'd ended up making out. We stopped short of full blown sex given our penchant for safe sex (talk about being responsible even in the heat of the moment!) This story isn't about that though. After that day, we had promised we wouldn't meet or speak again till she was back visiting home again, which typically is in Feb every year. I had been consumed with her thoughts though and after 2 weeks of shagging myself sore, I had promised myself I wouldn't think about her until she was back and we'd connected again. All was well for a month. But then one night, my dreams got better of my reality. Quite excruciatingly so. Shorty, if you're reading this, don't move any further! We will meet in Feb...
I was to meet her at the Oktoberfest again the next day. This time we met in the morning since it was a holiday for her. Met her at the station on the way near her house and she was wearing a different drindl this time.
Not black and bold like the previous day but a white one and significantly more conservative. Her blouse was a button up blouse unlike the elastic version she had on the previous day, which had been easy to manipulate. Despite my fetish for unbuttoned shirts, I have to admit I was disappointed. I am firmly a boobs man. Her skirt ended just above her knee though in some measure of recompense.
Before I could complain though, this being Germany, she greeted me with a nice French kiss...or would it be a German kiss? Sensing what was on my mind, she said she'd undo one button for every hour we spend together! t was 1030 in the morn and she said she had time till about lunch time which gave us about 4 hours...
There were 3 buttons that I could see though and when I did the math, I pointed it out...she just smiled and said "We'll see how that works out!" and winked!
We walked hand in hand and on the train we were inseparable...like teenage love...I kissed her a few times on her head, she's a tad short so the neck was too far from standing that close to each other. I wanted to kiss the neck thinking that would get her in the mood but couldn't sadly. In either case the train ride didn't last too long. We reached the fest in about half an hour and headed to a tent...got my hopes up instantly. I looked at the toilet booths deliberately and she just squeezed my hand.
"Haha...just because you got lucky yesterday, doesn't mean you will get lucky today too!"
"Awww" was all I could manage in response. I am sure the disappointment was writ large on my face...
I squeezed her hand back and said "I'll be just as happy to have spent the whole day with you even if I didn't get in your pants!" more out of a need to not come across as too desperate than anything!
She just said "Liar!!" and we walked in to the tent.
She ordered a Maas of beer for herself and we found a crowded table to squeeze into. Sitting on the bench, her skirt had pulled up just enough to show more of her thigh...I put my hand on her bare skin above the knee but she moved it and put it around her waist. We didn't discuss it and I suppose it was too early in the day for that anyway...
We chatted generally about her life in Germany and eventually got around to talking about our sex lives. Obviously she had had a more active life than mine and I knew that from all our conversations before. But she said she wasn't as promiscuous as I was imagining her to be and said she'd been with just 4 guys in the last 3 years. One was a one night stand with someone at a party. Just hot steamy NSA sex. The other 2 were friends that she hooked up with, as the conversations built chemistry and the situations presented themselves. She had been on and off since with one of them.
I was the fifth.
I kissed her on the cheek and told her the first hour was gone! The number of times I had checked my watch, jeez I was being pathetic!
She slapped my thigh in admonishment but went on to unbutton the first discretely. Made absolutely no difference other than showing some skin on her upper chest but what the hell. It was better than before right?
I said "You know, this is excruciating!" but she just smiled and ignored me...
Once she had finished her beer we went out again. As soon as we were out, the other deeper cleavages on show were where I was looking. She pinched my hand and said "Behave! Else, you don't get what I promised!" And then she laughed and 2 minutes later was pointing out the best chests on display for me! How could I not have my loins stirred by her then? There were these rides outside and we did the simpler ones.
Walking around hand in hand, pecking lips every once a while, it was quite a tease... I'd hug her tight every now and then and her boobs felt amazing against my chest.
Soon the second hour was past and she opened her second button, very slowly...
She let me ogle for a bit and then very nonchalantly told me she wanted another beer. She said couldn't finish the whole Maas by herself though...
Since I don't drink I said it looked like we were at an impasse. She said that if I shared the beer and helped her finish, she would make it totally worth my sacrifice! I asked if that meant we were heading inside another blue booth but she laughed and said, "Na re...that's old...something better maybe!"
She said "You know what, if you shared half, I promise I'll make it worth your while at the table."
I said "Ah! I prefer knowing the incentive being offered before hand when the stakes are so high!"
She said "What? You don't trust me now? I will make it special, if you go with it. Else, offer stands cancelled and you can take care of yourself later!"
That manipulative vixen of a woman offered me sex and delivered the threat of the opportunity being taken away in the same breath! That was more than enough to get me to agree!
We went back to one of the smaller tents this time and found a seat at one of the corner tables. The tables were smaller here and less crowded. Once we sat down she order the beer. She said we should alternate sips and I agreed obviously.
I doubt there was anything I wouldn't have done then to get my hands on her bare skin again! I made a small protest but a strategically placed hand on my lap ended that brief moment of conscientiousness. As soon as I had taken my first sip, she got up and moved to sit on my lap. We kissed for the umpteenth time but this one was a long deep, tongue rich kiss. One hand on her waist, the other massaging her thigh and the third hour was done before I knew it. I opened the third button and her boobs were amply on display now. She kept grinding subtly on my lap. I don't know how I hadn't already cum in my pants by then...
We finished our dry humping session and moved out of the tent. I loved how she was happy to show off her boobs and I kept shamelessly letching at her boobs during every conversation. By the time the fourth hour was over, my hand had shamelessly moved up to under her boobs from at her waist. I guess the fact that it didn't move to her butt says something about what I prefer right?
Any stretch we would pass in the by lanes where there weren't too many people I made sure I squeezed her boobs. At the end of the fourth hour I told her there weren't any buttons left to remove...She went to the loo and came out with her panties in her hand which she promptly handed over saying "They're already damp...I love how this is playing out!"
I kept telling her I loved her lips and I loved her boobs...And that I really wanted to see her tits too! By the end of the fifth hour she said she wanted to show me her office and she buttoned up one button as we left to catch a cab. In the cab, she had unzipped me and had her hand in my pants. She kept playing with my dick all the way..
My hand was just on her thighs as she continued to play slowly while I kept massaging her thigh and her knee for some reason.
When we reached her office complex, it being a holiday, it was quite abandoned. Other than a couple of souls, there wasn't anyone else around.
We walked hand in hand a bit more civil now. She went to the loo and this time came back with her bra in hand. Her tits were erect and very visible through that relatively thin white shirt. She gave her tits that little pinch to make sure they were more erect than before and unmistakably visible. She took me along to a stadium within the complex. We found a secluded corner and got into a kiss. She broke away and was on her knees quite quickly. She was slurping on my dick in no time. Loud wet sounds and her tongue playing with my head. I was close to cumming though and told her to take it easy.
But she just started sucking harder...I was cumming in no time and she let it all fall to the side. She said she wanted me to last longer later!
It was my turn then to get down and suck and lick her off. I used some of the things she taught from yesterday but she still had to coach me again. I put in a finger to help her along and she was cumming about 5 minutes later...
I was prepared this time for what came next and put on a condom. I was still hard...
My pants were down and her skirt was properly bunched up by her waist. Her shirt was dishevelled and her boobs were mostly out. She was against the wall and i lifted one leg up and pushed in.
We started humping slow. Kissing each other and tasting ourselves in the process.
I had her shirt pulled aside and her tits free and open for me to maul with my mouth. After a slightly awkward hump for a few minutes, we lay down and I was on top. We fucked with me quickening the pace but she stopped me after a bit.
She got on top after and then rode me...Her tits were bouncing like they do in the movies. Then she lay down after a bit lying against me and just humped her hips. We were kissing and I had her butt in my hands. I was squeezing her cute butt and then told her I was close to cumming...
She started making soft noises and I couldn't help but cum. She rolled over and then I used my hands to make her cum again. We lay spent there for a good ten minutes. Her hair in my face as I smelled her shampoo...
We got dressed then. She put on her bra and we called a cab. Through the ride, we sat close and my hand was under her skirt all along. She was still wet... We reached the fest again around 5 and were there still cuddling like new found lovers up until dinner tine. We said our goodbyes and I told her I would return this with interest the next time we met back home. There is this nice hotel we know near a lake near-by that was one of our old fantasy make-out places, maybe there. She said she liked the whole exhibitionism bit and would be fun to try in our hometown too! Fuck even this day was ending with future promises again! She said she would keep in touch and maybe we could have some long distance fun...or not converse and just let the anticipation build.
And then, I woke up from my crazy dream with a hard on, unable to rub one out in a shared room...
Until now...