Suzi continued to lick the shaft of my cock and heap lavish praise on my now rock hard member.
"Do you want me to keep the same stuff on or do you want something else?" Suzi smiled holding my cock to her right cheek.
"You decide slut!" I said, gently tugging on her hair.
Suzi's face adopted a serious look, though her eyes were half closed, showing the level of her arousal.
"I'll wear something nasty for you! Will you treat me nasty!" Suzi whispered in a subservient tone "Please!"
I looked down at this absolute sex goddess, kissing and licking my cock, begging me to be nasty and performed depraved acts upon her.
"I'll go into my bedroom and get ready for you. Allow about five minutes then come in and do whatever you want to me!" She whispered girlishly the slithered her tongue all around the head of my cock. Taking my cock from her mouth, she stood up, holding my hard length, stroking it beautifully. Her full lips grazed mine as she slowly ran the tip of her tongue on my lips. Her huge firm breasts were pushing into my bare chest and I could feel how hard her nipples were. My right hand was behind Suzi as I slapped it on her magnificent bare buttocks. The cracking sound surprised Suzi as her eyes widened and a contented smile flashed across her face.
"Get a move on slut!" I said as Suzi gently bit her bottom lip, obviously aroused at my abusive tone.
"Thank you!" She whispered then headed off to her bedroom, as I watched the perfect slut wearing Stockings and thigh length boots leave the room.
James and Suzi were a seriously kinky couple and I was enjoying all of the depraved activities they had to offer. I assumed James was tucked up in his bed when he breezed in to the room.
"That was one hell of a fucking you just gave the slut!" James smiled offering me a drink.
Taking the drink from his hand, I stood naked before him, sporting a huge erection that was soon to defile his wife.
"She is one hell of a fuck James! You've married a right dirty cheating slut!" I smiled toasting Suzi's talents "I'll be fucking her quite a lot from now on!" I grinned, watching James squirm as my words taunted him.
"I think she'd like that!" James grinned, nodding his head and raising his glass.
"I can't believe that someone so beautiful, married and sexy could be such a cheating filthy whore!" I smiled seeing the words sting James, yet excite him.
I placed my empty glass on the bar counter, still naked and sporting an erection, I grinned at James and said gloatingly.
"I'm just off to fuck your wife in your bed!"
James eyes almost rolled with pleasure as my words humiliated him in a way that appealed to him.
Winking at him I arrogantly left the room and headed to the marital bedroom. Suzi was standing in the doorframe wearing a soft black PVC Waspie with four garter attachments. The straps were fastened to sheer black seamed stockings. She wore no bra or panties, exposing her magnificent orbs and smooth inviting pussy. Suzi was still wearing long black opera gloves with the softest leather, Black thigh length boots I've ever seen. She smiled a crooked sexy smile, inviting me into her marital bedroom to derive as much pleasure as possible from her stupendous body. Her head tilted back as she offered me her open mouth. I kissed her glossed lips, tasting the strawberry flavour of her lip gloss. My tongue delved into her mouth as she began to moan and squirm, making my prominent erection even harder. James walked past the door seeing his lingerie clad wife kissing his friend passionately as she stroked his rock hard cock.
"Enjoy fucking the slut!" James said cheerily as he drifted past. Suzi moaned into my mouth, enjoying the abusive words of her husband.
Suzi broke the kiss, breathing somewhat erratically and whispered.
"I want feel you inside me!" She panted "I've set up a camera and video camera if you want a keepsake of our fuck!"
I looked into the bedroom to find the lighting somewhat subdued, along with two tripods. One sporting a Sony video camera the other ready to go with a Canon 700D fixed in position. There was a large TV screen with the bed as the main image, obviously wired up to the video camera. The bedside tables were a collection of sex toys and various oils and lotions. One whole wall of the bedroom was mirrored from floor to ceiling. Suzi and James were very serious about their sexual exhibitionism and outrageous voyeurism.
"I'll download everything on to a DVD for you and you can use your iPhone for some intimate pics if you want!" Suzi said cupping her huge firm breasts, playing provocatively with her immense erect nipples.
"Getting my iPhone would mean going downstairs where my clothes are. I'm not leaving this gorgeous body while I still have a hard cock!" I laughed as Suzi gently grazed her long manicured nails up and down the length of my shaft.
"I'm glad you feel that way as I really want to be your slut!" Suzi whispered "You can get it later and take your souvenir photos when I'm covered in your spunk!" She declared looking at me with puppy dog eyes.
Her open mouth pressed close to mine, as she began to kiss me passionately. Her snakelike tongue exploring my inner mouth, slithering around my own tongue as she moaned deeply. Still kissing each other, I placed my hands on Suzi's naked buttocks, scooping her off the floor. Her boot and stocking clad legs opened wide, wrapping around my waist as her tight shaved pussy rested on the tip of cock. With one wriggle my cock was deep inside her tight velvet like pussy. As my cock slid inside her, Suzi moaned sexily into my mouth, expressing her pleasure at my cock penetrating her. My tongue replicated the thrusting of my cock as Suzi pressed her naked breasts against mine, conveying her passion and arousal.
I looked over at the mirrored reflection, witnessing Suzi's stretched pussylips sliding up and down my veined throbbing shaft. Spreading her cheeks with my hands, I saw her inviting asshole throb with every thrust of my cock. Her huge breasts were pressed against my chest, but such was their size a large amount of breast was visible in the reflection. This was possibly the most erotic image I had ever encountered. I eased myself and Suzi on to the bed, my cock still inside her tight delicious pussy.
Laying back on the bed, I looked at Suzi's gyrating body, riding my cock in her sexy lingerie.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" she sighed, sliding up and down my shaft.
Leaning forward, her huge firm breasts pressed against my chest as she grazed her soft full lips on to my own. The sexiest kiss in the history of kisses was taking place, as the velvet smooth inner flesh of her wet tight pussy gripped my cock. Her head went back, leaving her mouth open as she sighed and moaned, grinding her sensational pussy on my cock. She looked down at me wearing the sexiest smile as she whispered softly.
"I'm coming! Your cock is so much bigger than James' and it's making me want to be dirty for you!" she moaned, panting her way through a very powerful orgasm.
Cupping her own breasts, she ground her velvet pussy on to my rampant cock, twisting her own nipples she whispered softly.
"This is the best cock I've ever had!" As she squeezed her huge breasts into her chest. I ran my hands gently down her waspish waist, sliding my fingertips round to her firm buttocks. Feeling the sexual thrusting of her pelvis as she began to milk the spunk out of my cock. It took all of my restraint and more not to explode inside her, as she pleasured my cock with her tight pussy, more than I ever thought possible. She began to squeeze her pelvic floor muscles, gripping my cock with her velvet pussy. Her magnificent breasts were thrusting forward as she let out a soft breathy moan.
"Aaah!" She uttered though it seemed to take forever, as she squirted a gushing orgasm up my flat stomach. My cock was making squelching sounds as it slid in and out of the most magnificent pussy ever.
I was approaching orgasm and there was nothing in the world that could prevent it. I held her perfect huge firm breasts, watching her Waspied waist thrust onto my invading cock. Her shaved slit was gripping my bone hard cock, squeezing the orgasm out of me as I drank in the vision of her shaved pussy framed by the garters, stockings and heavenly thigh length boots. I thrust upward, deep inside the most magnificent cunt ever, as Suzi moaned out loudly.
"Squirt inside my cunt!"
My cock banged at her cervix as the most forceful orgasm burst from my cock. Spurt after spurt of hot spicy spunk flooded inside Suzi's pussy as her eyes rolled with sheer sexual pleasure. Riding my cock to deflation, she said in a rather loud voice.
"That's more spunk than I've ever had inside me!" She panted, ensuring her words were heard by James.
Suzi kissed me gently, her tongue softly exploring my lips and mouth. I was breathing heavily at this point as she kissed her way down my chest, holding my cock with her left hand, ensuring her wedding ring was in full view, and began to lick every drop of Spunk, Pussyjuice and sweat off my deflated shaft and emptied balls.
Suzi made eye contact with as she twirled her tongue delightfully around my cock. Kissing the head of my cock intermittently then sliding it inside her mouth as her sexually glazed eyes began to seduce me once more.
Holding my cleaned cock at the base, she looked up at me and smiled.
"Would you like a slow sensual fuck now?" She said her head slightly tilted "I'll still wear my slut stuff, but I do fancy a nice slow burner fuck!"
Not saying anything, I lay her on her back, climbed between her legs, my cock sliding inside her creamy pussy and began to slowly fuck the sexiest woman alive. Kissing her gently, I felt the soft leather of her thigh length boots, sidle up my waist as she rested her heels on my rising and falling buttocks. We must have fucked like this for almost an hour, with Suzi enjoying a countless number of orgasms, yelling out loud how much this cock was pleasuring, which was all for James benefit.
If it wasn't for her Stockings and thigh length boots, we could easily have been making love.
My fingertips explored every bare inch of her body, as I fucked this vixen slowly and deliberately.
I knew that I would have the exquisite pleasure of this celestial feminine body again, but for now I would savour every delicious second. Brushed my lips to ear and whispered.
"I'm coming inside you slut!"
Suzi's eyes opened wide as she bucked her hips against my own.
I came inside her magnificent pussy once more, feeling my spunk splash of the inner velvet wall of her tight hot pussy. Kissing each other in our post orgasmic state, my cock slid out of her slowly, followed by a small trickle of orgasm. I rolled over from Suzi, feeling her sexy lingerie clad body snuggle up to mine, but this time Suzi just held my cock as we both drifted into a deep sleep.
We must have slept like this for the whole night when my slumber was disturbed by the chink of sunlight peeking through the window. That and the fact Suzi was sucking my cock, still wearing the outfit I'd fucked her in, as James fucked her ass from behind. Suzi was moaning onto my cock as James continued to slam into her ass. She looked up at me with my cock inside her mouth and winked at me sexily as James began to empty his cock in his wife's asshole.
"Take my spunk you slut!" He snarled as he emptied his frustrated load into his wife's asshole.
As the final few spurts emptied inside Suzi, she took my cock from her mouth, her eyes looking imploringly as she almost begged.
"Please spunk in my ass!"
How could I resist such a request. Suzi edged over the bed, kneeling with her legs opened as she bent over showing her gaping spunk coated asshole. Placing her hands on her buttocks, she pulled her cheeks wide open, displaying her wet cunt and gaping asshole.
"Come in my asshole!" She whispered in the sexiest tone ever.
I approached her asshole, placing the tip of my cock at her gaping hole watching my creamy white spunk squirt inside her fucked asshole.
Suzi turned her head back toward me, smiling excitedly as she whispered.
"I hope we've caught that moment on camera!"