Dana and John met later in life, survivors of troubled first marriages. They had married young and each managed to raise healthy, well-adjusted children. But the cost was decades of unhappiness for them both. Their married sex lives had been barren deserts.
Dana's husband had watched bad porn endlessly and managed to never give Dana an orgasm in all their years together. He ignored her physical and emotional needs. She responded by cheating, casually sleeping with strangers and friends, then having long-term affairs. She understood why she strayed so far. But she still felt shame for the lies and what she did in the shadows -- so she kept most of her sexual history a closely guarded secret from John. She did not want to make him feel intimidated by her greater sexual experience, which could also raise questions about her past she did not want to answer. So with John she avoided suggesting anything too wild sexually.
John's ex-wife cheated on him early in their marriage, but he forgave her and stayed committed. Unfortunately for John, she seemed to respond to her guilt over the affair by suppressing what little sex drive she had. They had sex maybe ten times a year. She turned down his request's countless times during their twenty-five years. Demoralized -- but not having lost his strong sex drive -- he was reduced to masturbating in bed lying next to her as she slept or pretended to sleep to avoid him. Many years into his marriage, he frequented a strip club where the women at least pretended to be interested -- while his money held out. Until he met Dana, John's sexual desires lived mostly in his head.
Both finally free, Dana and John met in their 50s and discovered they were kindred spirits. Their personalities, interests, and sex drives complimented each other perfectly. They fell hard and fast, recognizing they had found something rare. They married a year after they met.
In the first few years, their sex was everything they wanted. Both longing for the loving, connected sex they had missed out on, they made passionate love five or six times a week. She liked to wrestle, hiding behind the bedroom door to pounce on him when he walked in. Grappling furiously, they tore off each other's clothes and twisted their naked bodies into knots. Their bouts often ended with John's head locked between Dana's strong thighs as he struggled to reach her pussy with his tongue. When one or the other would "give" they fucked furiously, the winner directing the action.
As happens, over the years their sex became less frequent and more routine. After five years, Dana rarely initiated sex anymore. John asked for it less often, not because he wanted less but because he feared rejection, which he suffered so often in his past. Their love for each other only grew, but their sexual connection was dwindling. John missed their early sex life. But his fear of rejection won out and often kept him from raising the sensitive topic with Dana.
Much more than John, Dana had taken steps to meet her sexual needs in her past. She thought maybe her sex drive was decreasing some with age, but she still loved their sex and wanted to make sure John loved it too. His satisfaction mattered to her. She knew hers mattered to him.
They slept naked, or nearly naked. One morning John awoke with a hard-on as they lay together intertwined.
Fondling his cock, Dana asked, "How are you feeling about our sex, baby? We haven't been going at it like we used to."
Besides loving the feel of her soft hand caressing him, John was grateful Dana brought up the subject.
"I love our sex. But I do notice it's changed."
"Me, too. I'm sorry my sex drive hasn't seemed quite what it used to be. But I want us to be happy and sex is important to both of us." She kissed him, still rubbing his cock.
"It is," he said. "I'm sorry I have a hard time speaking up about it. Old habits I guess."
"I know. Then let's do something about it, baby."
Bringing back what had been a staple for them, Dana slid under the covers and took his cock in her mouth. He reached down to her small, perfect ass and squeezed it -- one finger tracing lightly between her soft cheeks. She took him in deep, sliding up and down his thick cock, then ran her tongue up and down its length, pausing at the most sensitive spot below the head. She sucked him passionately for a long time. John moaned then suddenly came hard in her mouth. She always swallowed, without being asked
Dana lifted her head, smiling, a tiny drop of cum on her lower lip. They kissed and said how much they loved each other.
Holding each other tight, John asked, "May I return the favor, sweetheart?"
"I have a better idea."
"That's hard to imagine." Feasting on Dana's delectable pussy was John's his favorite pastime. "What's your idea?"
"Let's declare this weekend, starting tomorrow, all holds barred sex weekend." She smiled lasciviously. She had the most beautiful smile John had ever seen.
"I'm definitely listening."
"Let's live out our fantasies and do anything and everything we'd like. A mutual pass to live our dreams together. And no clothes all weekend -- just sex and eating and sleeping and more sex. I guess we could bathe from time to time." Dana flashed that smile.
"You had me at 'live out our fantasies.'" He reached between her legs under the covers and gently massaged her pussy. She purred.
"Well, I don't know about you, but I want to put some time into planning this. I may need supplies, you know, whips and chains and whatnot," she said, giggling.
"You're right. I'll restock our lotions and potions. And plan food for when we're not fucking. I'll swing by the produce section to load up on large phallic vegetables -- not necessarily for eating. How I'll be able to find a willing dwarf on short notice is beyond me."
They laughed and held tight together in their warm bed, thoughts of naughtiness swirling in their heads.
They slept well that night. John had vivid sex dreams. In the last one, Dana was sitting on his face. The sweet smell of her pussy made him dizzy. Then he opened his eyes and realized this was no dream. Dana was straddling his face, her naked pussy hovering just above his eager mouth.
"Good morning, baby. Welcome to Sexapalooza! Now make me come."
Facing toward his feet, she lowered her pussy to his mouth and began sliding back and forth across his lips. The sight of her beautiful pussy so close made John incredibly aroused. Gripping her hips, he pulled her to his tongue and licked up and down between her lips. He wished he could fuck her with his tongue. He could feel her clit getting hard and he sucked it gently, then ran circles around it, pleasuring her intensely.
"That's perfect," she said breathlessly. "Suck my little clit until I come."
John was happy to oblige. He held her tight to his mouth as he licked and sucked her to a prodigious orgasm. Her thighs squeezed his head tighter as she cried out, the ecstatic pulses surging through her trembling body. When it finally ended, Dana turned and kissed John deeply, tasting her juices on his lips.
"God, baby. That was great."
"I'm glad you liked it. You know how much I love to lick you." He smiled. "Now get up and face the window," he directed. "I know the curtains are open, but that's just the way it is."
Dana usually asked him to close the curtains when they made love during the day or turn off the lights at night. But this weekend was different. She got out of bed and stood, fully nude, before the window facing the street. It was early and the street was deserted, but the houses across the street were full of windows facing their second floor apartment.
Dana was stunning. She had the face and smile of an angel, framed by shoulder-length blonde hair. Her neck was long and her breasts were full, with pale pink areolas tipped with small nipples. She was fit and toned. She had blonde hair between her legs and a small, perfect pussy, still wet from John's mouth and her own juices. Her legs were shapely and strong. The feel of the soft skin inside her upper thighs drove John wild.
John too had aged well. Six foot two, he was still lean and mean. His brown hair was going grey and set off his handsome face and deep blue eyes. His stomach was flat and his legs were strong. His ass was firm and his cock large and thick.
"Hold onto the window frame with your hands," he told her. "Now spread your gorgeous legs for me."
She did as he said, spreading her legs wide as she faced out to the street, completely naked for all to see.
John pressed his fully erect cock up against her from behind, sliding it between her cheeks. She arched her back, presenting herself, and he guided his cock into her hungry pussy, slowly pushing it fully into her.
"Oh, God!" she exclaimed when she felt the fullness in her pussy.
Thoughts of eating her fresh in his fevered mind, John pounded in and out of her, pulling nearly all the way out before plunging back in. He moved his hands around to caress her breasts and lightly pinch her sensitive nipples. The feel of her lovely breasts in his hands and his cock enveloped by her snug vagina made John weak in the knees. But not so weak that he stopped fucking her relentlessly.
Dana's eyes were closed when a young man walking a dog passed by on the street. When she moaned loudly, it caught his attention and he looked up. He could not help but stop and watch for a moment. From the street he could see John's erect cock moving in and out of her pussy while he massaged her pretty breasts.
"You have an admirer," John whispered into Dana's ear. She opened her eyes and the met the young man's eyes. Rather than jump away or close the curtains, she smiled and began to rub her clit as John fucked her, his hips slapping against her ass.
"He's the second luckiest man in the world," John said.
"Uh huh," Dana managed as she continued rubbing her swollen clit in time with John's thrusts.
The man smiled, reluctantly turned, and resumed his memorable walk.
John's orgasm came suddenly and hard. The intense throbs filled Dana's pussy with his cum. She pushed back against him to hold him inside her. Then her own orgasm exploded, even stronger and longer-lasting than the last. Her legs quivered and she cried out over and over.
"Good morning, my darling," he said as she eventually turned around and they pressed their bodies together.
"Good morning! The weekend's off to quite a start."
Working naked in the kitchen while Dana lounged on the couch, John made them a delicious brunch. To accommodate their nakedness, John turned up the heat in the apartment. Moving to the table, they ate and sipped mimosas.
Dana reached across the table to John and handed him two small packets.
"Take one of these today and the other tomorrow."
"It's a little early in the day for LSD, don't you think?"
"Our friend Rebecca says they'll give you on demand hard-ons. All weekend. I have big plans for you, love. Bigger than even a champion stud like yourself can probably handle without a little help."
Never having taken such things, John was intrigued.
"Daddy's little helper. Sure!" He chewed one up. Looking down, he joked, "Nothing happening so far."
"We'll give it a little more time. I think it takes more than just looking at it." She smiled and touched his thigh under the table. "Brunch was delicious, baby."
"I love cooking for you."
"And I love to watch you cook for me naked. Total wife porn." She winked. "Shall we retire to the couch to digest our lovely meal?"
"Certainly. Foot rubs?" he asked, knowing the answer.
"The magic words!" Dana beamed.
When John returned with the lotion they sat facing each other from opposite ends of the large couch and began their mutual foot massages. John loved the feel of her small soft hands massaging his feet. Dana purred with pleasure as John massaged her pretty feet with his strong hands. She had thin ankles, high arches, and gorgeous little toes, freshly manicured with pink coral colored nail polish. He was torn between keeping his eyes on her beautiful feet or her pussy as Dana faced him with her legs spread.
"You like what you see, huh?" She moved a hand to her pussy and spread her lips to improve his view. His cock twitched. "What do you like best? My little clit?" She touched it. "Maybe the soft pink flesh between my lips?" She slid her finger up and down. "I think you like to see my vagina, don't you?" She spread her lips farther and pushed the tip of her finger inside. "It's nice and wet."
"It's all beautiful," he stammered.
"I see you like it," she said, smiling at his hardening cock.
"Put more lotion on my feet."
When he did, she moved her feet between his legs and began stroking his cock with them, which she had never done before. John got hard fast, reveling in the sight of her sexy legs and her feet rubbing his cock. Her breasts moved seductively. He caressed her lovely calves as she rubbed his cock, bringing him closer and closer.
"You come whenever you want, baby," she said, holding his cock more firmly between her feet as she slid them up and down with greater urgency.
John's powerful orgasm erupted, cum streaming onto Dana's glorious toes as she kept moving her feet until he was finished.
"God, Dana."
"But we've made little mess, haven't we?" She wiggled her cum-covered toes, smiling.
John knew what to do. One foot at a time he lifted to his mouth, tenderly kissing each perfect toe, and licking them clean.
"Don't forget to share!" she insisted.
He moved to lay on top of her and kissed her.
"Best foot rub ever!" he proclaimed.
Dana lay back and gave him a beautiful smile as they held each other and relaxed on the couch.
"I'm feeling dirty," she said. "All kinds of dirty."
"Then let's get our dirty selves to the shower, sweetheart"
They walked naked to the bathroom and stepped into the bathtub. She hugged him from behind as he got the water to the right temperature. He turned and moved her into the stream of warm water.
"Let's rinse you and I'll wash your beautiful body."
Dana's body glistened as the water poured over her. John lovingly washed then rinsed her hair. Then he used lavender soap to wash her neck, arms and underarms, and her breasts, which he got especially clean. Her belly was next, followed by thoroughly washing her pussy, then her legs and feet.
"Now the other side." He turned her around.
"Mmmm."
He caressed her back with his soapy hands then moved to her ass. First he gently massaged her cheeks, spreading them apart with each stroke. He put more of the sweet smelling soap on his hands, spread her cheeks apart, then washed between her cheeks. He rinsed her then lowered his mouth and gently licked between her soft cheeks, which he had never done before. Dana squirmed with pleasure.
John had fantasized about ass play with Dana but had been reluctant to suggest it. He assumed she had no experience with it and was afraid she would be horrified it he asked. But he was not feeling afraid today. He was realizing there may be more to her sexual experience than she let on.
"Oh, that's good, honey. Your tongue feels so nice there." She held her cheeks apart for him. He was thrilled that she liked it.
"Will you wash the inside, too?" she asked.
John's cock twitched. That pill seemed to be working.
Always loving her sexy ass, he pressed a soapy finger to her, then increased the pressure until it began to slide in. She sighed then he felt her relax and his finger moved halfway inside her.
"Slowly, but all the way, baby."
He gradually pushed his finger all the way in. Her ass was tight, but she had relaxed enough that she seemed comfortable.
"I'm going to gently fuck you ass with my finger now."
"Yes. Please." She leaned against the tiled wall and arched her back for him.
The warm water cascading down his back, John slowly slid his slippery finger in and out of her.
Dana murmured softly.
"It feels good. So full."
John increased his speed slightly, then reached around to her pussy with his other hand. Massaging her clit with his thumb, he pushed his index finger into her vagina.
"Oh Jesus," she called out as he fucked her pussy and ass with his fingers.
She could not speak. Dana loved the fullness in her ass -- she remembered how much she liked it -- and John was touching her clit perfectly. In just minutes she had a shattering orgasm that made her lightheaded and unsteady on her feet. John's fingers felt every throb as she rhythmically constricted around them.
John turned Dana to face him. She kissed him ardently and squeezed his firm ass.
"Time to wash you, dirty man."
After tenderly washing and rinsing his hair, she rubbed her soapy hands over his chest, stopping to kiss his nipples. Then she slid her hands through his pubic hair to his hard cock and balls.
"Wow. I think that pill is working," she said as she stroked him.
"Let's give it a real test this weekend. Then they can hire us for a commercial."
"So far so great." She smiled and continued rubbing his cock. Then she carefully washed his strong legs, sliding her hands from his ankles to his hips.
"Turn around now."
He did and she washed his strong back, then the cheeks of his ass.
"I'm gonna get you clean enough to eat, baby. Lean against the wall."
Leaning against the cool tile, he felt her spread his cheeks then slowly wash his ass. She rinsed him with the shower head, then licked his ass with her warm tongue -- something John had never experienced. It felt better than he had imagined -- and he had -- especially when Dana reached around and stroked his cock with her other hand while pleasuring his ass. She was very good at this.
Pulling her mouth away and releasing her grip on his cock, Dana said, "Don't even think about coming. I have a plan for you in bed."
They rinsed and she took him by the hand to the bedroom.
"Lie on your back." When he did, she climbed onto the bed and spread his legs.
She knelt between his legs then reached for the lubricant. She poured it into her hand, then rubbed it between his cheeks. Her finger well-lubricated, she slowly pushed it into his ass. After initial resistance, he relaxed and her finger slid all the way into him.
"This is a prostate massage. I hope I remember the video I watched on it," she lied. Dana had not learned this from a video.
She massaged an area an inch or two inside him. It felt good -- even better when she also took his fully erect cock in her other hand and stroked it slowly. The combination of feelings was exquisite for John: fullness, pressure, and electrifying sensations.
"Just lay back and I'll take good care of you," she whispered.
John lay quiet, except for little moans of pleasure. Dana continued stroking and penetrating him. She eventually let her blonde hair sweep across his cock and balls as she leaned in.
The feeling of her soft hair on his skin pushed John over the edge. His orgasm was overpowering and lasted longer than any he had ever had. He throbbed forever around Dana's finger as his cum copiously streamed over her hand.
Finally regaining his composure, John said, "Jesus, Dana. My God. You paid attention during that video. I've never felt anything like that."
She smiled, brought him a warm towel, and washed him tenderly.
"Nap time?" she asked. "We should be well-rested for tonight's festivities, don't you think?"
"Good idea. I'll need to cook dinner, too."
They fell asleep content in each other's arms.
They had just cleared the table after their naked candlelight dinner when the doorbell rang. John wondered who that could be.
"I'll get it!" Dana shouted as she ran stark naked to the door. John heard the door open.
"Hey, girlfriend! I love your outfit!" their friend Rebecca said to Dana.
"Isn't it great!"
"So sexy and it fits you perfectly!"
"I know, right? Come on in! We just finished the delicious dinner my sexy husband whipped up for us."
"Wow, Dana. Just wow," Rebecca said.
John loved Dana and Rebecca's banter in the hallway.
Dana brought her by the hand to the kitchen, where John was finishing up.
"Well it's nice to see you, John," Rebecca said, smiling as she looked the naked man up and down. "I haven't seen you like this since...the last time you guys came over for hot tub night."
"Hi, Rebecca. Glad you could come. Here, I'll take your coat." John wondered why Dana had not kept their friends at bay during Sexapalooza.
He reached out and helped Rebecca remove her long coat. To his surprise and delight, she was naked underneath except for a pair of sexy boots.
"I don't want to be over-dressed." She laughed and took off the boots.
Rebecca was ravishing. She was a stunning sixty something, with the free spirt of a twenty year old and the body of a sexy, fit forty year old. She had a lovely face and a winning smile and great sense of humor. Her long dark hair had hints of grey. She was tall and willowy, with ample breasts and great legs. Her pussy was clean-shaven. John thought of her fondly, often when he touched himself in the shower.
"Ok then," John stammered. "Looks like you got the message about all naked weekend."
"I did and it was so intriguing I couldn't resist when Dana invited me over. And when it comes to the naked part, who am I to swim against the current?"
"Rebecca sent us the magic pills, John, which I must say have been working like a charm."
"I'm glad to assist in such a worthy endeavor." Rebecca smiled.
"Naked weekend is a first for us, too." John said, smiling and feeling a little awkward. "The biggest risk is frightening the neighbors or giving them heart attacks."
"To be with you guys, and for this, I'll risk it." Rebecca and Dana hugged.
"Shall we repair to the living room?" Dana asked. She was tingling with the prospect of what she had in mind.
"Can I get you girls something to drink?" John asked. The prospect of spending the evening with these two beautiful naked women made his pulse race. It was a weekend of erotic firsts for him.
Two bottles of wine later, Rebecca smiled at them and said, "It was so nice of you to let me intrude on your sexy weekend."
"Well it's a special occasion and you're a special friend. I wanted you to be part of it," Dana said. John was unsure exactly what part Rebecca was playing, but he liked the general direction of things. John felt his cock twitch.
"Aww, I love you guys." Rebecca beamed.
Sitting together on the couch, John did not know quite what to say next.
"We love you, too, Rebecca. And we sure love hot tub nights at your place," Dana said.
"I do, too. I love that you two are comfortable joining me in the hot tub."
"I know John looks forward to those nights," Dana said, winking at him.
"I do," John admitted. "Great food, great company, and great soothing water."
"And you get to be naked with me and Rebecca," Dana teased.
"That too," he smiled and blushed.
"I like that too!" Rebecca added.
"The same for me. So I thought, if it's fantasy weekend, maybe we should include Rebecca. I must admit to having some fantasies based on hot tub night. How about you, John?"
He was caught off guard. He always tried to play down how much he loved hot tub night with Rebecca.
"Well, I guess maybe a couple," he lied. There had been so many fantasies.
"I definitely have." Rebecca was the epitome of a free-spirited former hippie, which she was.
"Okay, then!" Dana's plan was working.
"I'll start the party then," Dana said.
"John, would you stand for us, here by the fireplace?"
Hesitantly, he rose to his fees and stepped in front of the fireplace. He could feel the women's eyes on his body.
"Turn around slowly so we can see all of you." Dana had choreographed this in her mind.
John slowly turned and stopped when his back was to them, then returned to face them.
"What do you think, Rebecca?"
"I think he's a beautiful man. Gorgeous. You're a very luck woman."
"I couldn't agree more. John, please come back and stand here," she said, pointing to a spot right in front of them.
He stood naked between them.
"Would you like to touch him, Rebecca?"
"Uh huh."
She reached up and stroked his chest, then ran her hand down to this hip, then down his leg. His cock jumped.
"See, he likes that, Rebecca." Dana smiled. "Touch him any way you want."
John's heart was pounding. Rebecca put her hand on his calf then slowly move it up his leg to his inner thigh, which she squeezed. His cock twitched again and was growing. Rebecca sighed. Dana felt herself getting wet. Rebecca very slowly moved her hand up to John's taut balls, looking him straight in the eye.
"Mmmm," she said as she touched his cock. "It's getting so big and hard." She held it in her hand and looked at it longingly. She reached around him with her other hand and held his ass. "So nice and firm."
John had no words.
"Would you like to suck his cock, Rebecca?"
John appreciated Dana's boldness.
Without responding, Rebecca knelt in front of John. She took him in her mouth, sliding his thick cock in and out, then licking the shaft down to his balls, which she nuzzled with her cheek and licked with her hot tongue. John loved the sight of his cock between her beautiful lips.
Dana got up and knelt behind John as Rebecca eagerly sucked his cock. Dana spread the cheeks of his ass and buried her tongue between them. John shuddered. Then Rebecca reached around him and spread his cheeks for Dana, who used her free hands to fondle Rebecca's voluptuous breasts. Rebecca and Dana sighed.
John trembled with excitement. He had only dreamed of being with two women. Dana claimed she had never done anything sexual with a woman or shared her man. John was having his doubts. As for Rebecca, who knew? The sky was no doubt the limit.
Getting close to coming, John said, "Let's make this last." Rebecca released him from her warm mouth and Dana took her tongue from his ass. She kept holding Rebecca's breasts, lightly pinching her nipples.
"Why don't you two stand up for me?" John directed.
They stood naked side by side before him, an arm around each other's waist. John stood close, admiring their beautiful bodies, his erection brushing their bellies. He reached down and held their wet pussies in his hands. He leaned in and kissed Dana passionately, while Rebecca squeezed his ass. Then he turned and kissed Rebecca, who's tongue met his instantly.
He moved his hands to their lower backs and brought them face to face. Their perfect breasts pressed against each other. Rebecca leaned in and kissed Dana. John could see their tongues busily at work. As they kissed, John held their beautiful asses in his hands. He moved his hands between their legs and rubbed their pussies from behind. He slid his index fingers into their vaginas and pushed them in and out. The women's kissing muffled their moans.
Dana pulled her face away and said, "Let's go to the bedroom."
While Dana lit the candles, Rebecca and John stood together beside the bed. John wanted Dana to lead this. She had to feel comfortable. As he hoped, she took the lead.
"Rebecca, would you like to watch us fuck?" Dana liked to get right to the point.
"I'd love to." She squeezed their asses as Dana and John got in the bed.
"Come," Dana said, taking Rebecca by the hand and pulling her in with them.
Dana got on her hands and knees and spread her legs.
"Fuck me, John." She rested her head on a pillow and looked back at them.
John moved behind her. He reached for the lubricant on the nightstand.
"Let me help with that," Rebecca said softly as she took the bottle from John's hand. Warming some in her hands she rubbed John's hard cock with the slippery oil. It jumped at her touch. She smiled at him. Then she warmed more in her hand and rubbed it on Dana, from her hard little clit to her ass.
"That's nice. The inside, too, please," Dana said, her eyes half closed.
Rebecca leaned in and slid her glistening finger into Dan's vagina, moving it in and out and turning it around to spread the lubricant. The sight of Rebecca touching Dana's pussy was exhilarating to John.
Rebecca moved aside and pulled John toward Dana by his shiny cock. She put his cock up to Dana's vagina. In a single thrust, he drove his full length into Dana, who gasped and clutched the bed. He drove in and out, pulling her hips to meet him on every inward thrust.
John glanced at Rebecca, who was sitting inches away, her long legs spread as she furiously rubbed her pussy as she watched them fuck wildly.
Breathlessly, Dana said, "Fuck Rebecca now, while I watch." She pulled away from John and his hard cock popped out of her.
"Yes, fuck me, John," Rebecca said, still rubbing her clit. Dana turned and sat next to them, flushed, her pussy swollen and nipples erect.
Facing Rebecca, John moved between her spread legs.
"Here," Dana said as she rubbed more lubricant on John and then on Rebecca's pussy. She lubricated her finger and John took her hand, pushing her finger in and out of Rebecca.
"Put your cock inside me," Rebecca whispered.
Dana pulled her finger out of Rebecca's pussy. John held behind Rebecca's knees then pushed her legs toward her chest. Rebecca curled into a ball, her slippery pussy was wide open for him. John slammed his cock deep into her. John pounded in and out of Rebecca as she cried out. Dana held his balls and massaged his ass.
"Fuck her so hard, baby," Dana whispered into his ear.
He did, thrusting away as Rebecca moaned in ecstasy. Dana moved from behind John to Rebecca's side.
"Let me lick her," Dana said.
John lowered Rebecca's legs and backed slightly away to expose her pussy. Dana leaned in and lowered her mouth. She began flicking Rebecca's clit with her tongue and pinched her large, erect nipples with one hand. John continued with long, slower thrusts into Rebecca.
"Oh, God," Rebecca cried out.
Dana intensified her pleasuring of Rebecca's clit as John fucked her forcefully, often running her tongue up his shaft as it emerged.
Suddenly, John and Rebecca came powerfully, both bucking so madly Dana had to move her face aside. As John filled Rebecca with cum, he leaned down and sucked her big, delicious nipples. Her explosive orgasm went on and on.
Dana climbed on top of her when she recovered, straddling her face. She lowered her pussy and Rebecca began eating it. Dana moaned at the luscious feeling of Rebecca's warm, wet tongue. It had been many years since she'd felt the pleasure of a woman's tongue.
Dana gently pushed John away from Rebecca. His cock slipped out and his cum ran down between her lips. Dana turned, lowered her face to Rebecca's pussy, and licked her clean all the way to Rebecca's ass. Rebecca returned the favor by fervently devouring Dana's pussy.
John watched in amazement as the beautiful women pleasured each other, their mouths buried in each other's pussies. He loved the contrast between Dana's soft golden pubic hair and Rebecca's clean-shaven pussy. He massaged Dana's back and ass as she intensely sucked Rebecca's clit. As Rebecca pleasured Dana from below, John slid his finger into Rebecca and massaged her G-spot.
Dana turned around on Rebecca and whispered in her ear. At that, Dana moved her legs between Rebecca's and they began rhythmically rubbing their pussies together. John moved close to watch, wishing his cock was between those incredible pussies as the women scissored and moaned loudly.
John wondered if Dana had learned this from a video, too. She was no fan of porn, though. But he was too preoccupied to wonder too much about the source of Dana's knowledge.
On the bottom, Rebecca was laying slightly on her side, her face at the edge of the bed. John got off the tall bed and stood facing her. When he touched her flushed face she opened her eyes and smiled faintly, lost in the euphoria. John brought his soft cock to her mouth, which Rebecca opened and took him all the way in. As Dana feverishly rubbed her pussy back and forth across Rebecca's, Rebecca sucked John's cock until it hardened. He could feel her moans vibrating against it. He leaned in and kissed Dana deeply as she continued to grind against Rebecca's pussy.
Dana's orgasm was monumental. She cried out wildly again and again as she intensely rubbed her throbbing clit against Rebecca, who's orgasm erupted moments later. Fortunately John had sensed it coming and pulled out of her mouth before Rebecca began twitching violently from the spams of pleasure.
The women looked spent as they lay side by side, catching their breath. But John was ready for more. He climbed on top of them, one leg between each of their legs. He took turns kissing them passionately, tasting their pussies on their mouths.
"Lean your heads over the edge of the bed," he told them.
When they did he stood facing them. He pushed his hardened cock into Dana's mouth, then Rebecca's. They purred as he slid in and out. While in Rebecca's mouth, she reached behind him and pulled him in toward her. John was stunned she could take in all his erect cock, opening her throat to accept his full length. Dana took him in nearly as far. The excitement of fucking their beautiful mouths made John quiver.
"Lie on your back here at the edge of the bed, Rebecca. Then lie on top of her, Dana, face-to-face."
The women positioned themselves. Lying on each other with their pussies at the edge of the bed, their legs spread, they kissed deeply. John leaned down and licked their pussies, first Dana's, then Rebecca's, then both as he made long strokes up from Rebecca's ass to Dana's and back again. The women moaned. Rebecca reached around and held Dana's ass.
John stood facing them, his cock rock hard and their pussies dripping. As he had done with his tongue, he ran the tip of his cock up and between their lips. Then he pushed it into Dana's pussy and fucked her while Rebecca squirmed below, awaiting her turn. It came soon when John pulled out of Dana and plunged into Rebecca. As he fucked Rebecca, Dana fucked herself with her finger. As it moved in and out her wedding ring reflected the light from the candles onto the ceiling.
He took turns fucking their exquisite pussies for a long time as all three whimpered and moaned. Finally he could take no more and began to come. Pulling out of Dana, he stroked his cock as he came, spurting cum onto their pussies as he throbbed on and on in utter ecstasy.
As if on cue, Dana and Rebecca turned their bodies so they were mouth to pussy again. They carefully licked each other clean. Then they turned again and kissed. John joined them in the bed and the three kissed and caressed each other.
They drifted off to sleep, John in the middle and the women on each side of him. In their sleep they tenderly touched each other's bodies and had extraordinary dreams.
When John opened his eyes Rebecca's hand was wrapped around his erect cock.
"Good morning," she whispered in his ear. Her hot breath gave John a chill. He caressed her voluptuous breasts.
"Mmmm. I want some of that," Dana added, opening her eyes and smiling. She joined John in touching Rebecca's erect nipples.
"My God, you two." Rebecca wrapped one leg over Dana's and the other over John's.
Dana disappeared under the covers. She kissed her way up Rebecca's inner thigh then kissed her pussy. John joined her between Rebecca's long legs. They took turns licking her clit. As one pleasured her with their tongue, the other fucked her with a finger, then they both inserted a finger in her wet vagina. Rebecca moaned loudly.
"Fuck her, John," Dana whispered as she made a space for him.
John slowly kissed his way up Rebecca's beautiful body till he reached her lovely mouth. As they kissed, Dana reached between his legs and directed his cock into Rebecca's pussy.
"Oh God, John," gasped Rebecca as his cock filled her. John fucked her gently as he knelt between her legs. Dana kissed Rebecca on the lips and sucked her nipples as John moved in and out, his thumb rubbing Rebecca's engorged clit.
"Turn over, Rebecca," John pulled out of her and directed her to her stomach. He lifted her hips and put a pillow under them. He massaged her lovely back and perfect ass then entered her from behind. Pushing deeply in and out of Rebecca as he squeezed her round ass, he was mesmerized by the sight of his cock disappearing into her, then reappearing.
Barely able to speak, Rebecca turned her face to Dana and quietly said, "Come up here."
Dana quickly moved in front of Rebecca and spread her legs.
"Closer, Dana."
Dana moved closer and Rebecca slipped her tongue into Dana's sweet pussy. Dana gently held Rebecca's head as she pleasured Dana. Rebecca hardly needed to move since John's thrusting moved her back and forth over Dana's pussy. The sight made John drive himself into Rebecca more forcefully. She arched her back to take him in as far as possible. He loved pounding against Rebecca's beautiful ass, watching it shake with each thrust. Dana quaked at the feeling of John's thrusts coming through Rebecca.
Before long, their orgasms crashed over them. Dana came first. She cried out and pressed her thighs tightly around Rebecca's head. As Dana's orgasm slowly receded, Rebecca's started, sending waves of pleasure radiating out from between her legs. As Rebecca writhed and moaned, John came hard, clutching her hips as he pounded in and out until his last drop of cum was deep inside her.
Sweaty and flushed the lay together in the bed catching their breath.
"I want an alarm clock that works like that." Rebecca smiled and stroked their chests. "What a way to start the day."
They all kissed.
They could not fit into the shower together, so they took turns. John went first then left to make coffee and a little breakfast. As he worked in the kitchen, he heard them in the bathroom laughing. Then moaning.
"Sounds like you had a nice shower," he said with a wink as they joined him for breakfast.
"Yes," they said in unison, smiling.
After breakfast Rebecca said she should get home. "But once I get there I'll wish I was back here with you."
"It was incredible, Rebecca, and we're so glad you came," John said.
"And that you came so many times!" Dana added. They laughed again.
Standing by the door, John brought Rebecca her coat.
"I hate to do this, but let me help you put some clothes on," he said, holding the coat as Rebecca slipped her arms in.
They hugged and kissed each other and Rebecca went out the door smiling.
"You really surprised me with that one, Dana," John said.
"I hope not in a bad way."
"Not in a bad way at all. It was amazing. I didn't know you enjoyed being sexual with a woman like that. It was a good surprise, but I don't think I could be quite like that with a man."
"Everybody's different, baby. I'm so glad you liked it."
"Enjoyed it is an understatement. It was so erotic," he said. "Just thinking about it makes me crazy." His cock stirred at the thought.
"Oh yeah?" Dana looked at him invitingly. She dropped to her knees before him and began sucking his cock vigorously. She felt it growing quickly in her mouth. She liked what the magic pills did for John. Maybe they should keep some on hand.
"Mmmm. Now I want to fuck the woman I love."
John helped Dana to her feet then bent her face down over the dining room table. He spread her sexy legs. Her pussy was wet. He drove his cock fully into her.
"John, yes," she cried as he held her shoulders tightly as he went in as deep as he could. "Fuck me hard," she pleaded.
He fucked her with abandon, the table shaking violently as he crashed in and out of her, his hips slapping hard against her ass. Dana urged him on as he came and moaned desperately.
When it subsided, he bent over her back and tenderly kissed her neck. Touching between her legs he said, "Let me bring you a warm wet towel." He turned and started toward the bathroom.
Halfway down the hall Dana pounced on his back, her arms tight around his neck and her legs around his hips.
"Do you give?" she asked, tightening her grip on him.
"Never!" he made his way to the bedroom with her on his back, trying to peel her hands off his neck.
He threw them both on the bed and used his leverage and strength to finally pull her legs from around his hips.
"Nice try," she said as she turned and quickly wrapped her thighs around his neck. He knew from experience that once she had him by the neck she showed no mercy. She would squeeze him to the point he thought he might black out.
But he fought on. Hoping to distract her before she strangled him, he tried as hard as he could to inch his face to her pussy, which was tantalizingly close. He managed to reach it and the feeling of his ardent tongue did cause her to loosen her death grip. Not one to let an opportunity pass to eat her, John lapped up her juices as they lay on their sides, her legs now holding his head in place. His soft cock within reach, she took it into her mouth. He squeezed her small ass as he circled and flicked her cit.
In a surprise move, she said, "I give, baby."
Raising his mouth from her pussy, he told her, "Then as the winner of this bout, I tell you too hold still while I make you come with my tongue."
He buried his face back between her silky thighs and returned his attention to Dana's pussy. From the sounds she was making, he knew she was close. As his hands gripped her ass and held her pussy tight against his mouth, he sucked and licked until she screamed and her legs twitched as she was overcome by a wonderful orgasm.
She slowly recovered her capacity for speech. "God I love wrestling," she said.
John laughed and held her tight, kissing her smiling face.
The weather having warmed considerably, they drank coffee and played gin rummy naked on the deck.
"I have an idea," John said.
"And what might that be?"
"I'd like to have some sexy pictures of you. I have so few. They'd come in handy when we're apart and I'm missing you." He had wanted pictures like that for a long time and today felt comfortable asking for them.
"Handy as in helping you jerk off to thoughts of me?" She flashed a naughty smile.
"Exactly! How 'bout it?"
"Your wish is my command, handsome. Would you like to use my fancy camera?"
"Good idea, sweetheart. I'll get it."
Moments later he was back with the camera and lenses.
"I'll set it up so you can take nice close ups."
"Perfect." The project excited him greatly.
When she handed him the camera he told her to stand by the rail of the deck.
As he clicked away shots of her whole body and close ups of her breasts and pussy, Dana said, "Hmmm. Isn't that the same guy who walked by on the street yesterday when we were fucking against the window?"
She motioned to the house directly behind them. Sure enough, it was the same young man who had seen them. His deck faced theirs and he was straightening it up -- or at least pretending to. He was doing a good job not appearing to notice them.
"Yep, it's the second luckiest man in the world again," John joked.
Dana was not in the least disturbed by his presence.
"Let the naughty photo shoot continue, baby. What should I do?"
"Hold your breasts and lick your nipples." She pulled her full breasts toward her mouth as he zoomed in on her tongue as it caressed her pink nipples. Dana caught the neighbor looking, but only smiled.
"Go sit on the lounge chair." As she sat in the chair facing the neighbor's balcony, she spread her legs. Her golden public hair sparkled in the bright light. "Run your fingers through your hair." She did.
"Now spread your beautiful lips with your fingers." He zoomed in on her glistening pink pussy, her lovely, manicured fingers holding her delicate lips wide apart. She no longer needed direction. She seductively put a finger into her mouth and wet it. Then she put it between her pale pink lips and pleasured herself, alternating between rubbing her clit and sliding a finger into her vagina.
As John clicked away, Dana noticed the neighbor watching, this time standing inside his place, looking through binoculars. Her eyes locked on him, she smiled and fucked herself with one, then two fingers.
"Let's get some from the back."
"Good idea," she said as she turned and got on her hands and knees. The neighbor was still watching. With her head turned to face the camera -- and the neighbor -- Dana smiled seductively as John took pictures of her beautiful back, ass, legs, and feet.
Dana leaned against the back of the lounge chair, then reached back and spread the cheeks of her ass. She wet her finger again and drew it slowly up and down between her cheeks.
"Would you bring the lube, baby, and the vibrator?
John was back in a flash.
"Pour some lube on my ass." He did and clicked away as it ran down between her lovely, soft cheeks. Holding a cheek with one hand, she wet a finger of the other with the lube.
"Would you like a picture of me fucking my ass?" She knew the answer to that one, which was good because John had gone speechless.
"Can you still take pictures if you spread one of my cheeks?"
John squeezed one of her cheeks and took pictures one-handed. He stood slightly to the side for better light, which worked out well for the neighbor, too. John captured the slow descent of her finger into her ass, first gently circling, then pushing in slightly, then deeper until she was fully inside herself. He took shot after shot as Dana slowly pushed her finger in and out of her tight little ass.
"Hand me the vibrator, baby," she said, removing her finger.
Still on her hands and knees, face to the cushions, she turned it on and held it to her pussy. She shuddered as it vibrated against her clit. John zoomed in. She slid it up and down then pushed it slowly into her vagina, shuddering again. Fucking herself as deeply as the vibrator would go, she massaged her swollen clit with her other hand.
Within minutes, a staggering orgasm overwhelmed her. Her body writhed and trembled as she moaned. John caught it all on camera. The neighbor caught it too.
Dana turned and melted into the lounge chair.
"How did that work out, Mr. Hefner?"
"It couldn't have been better, sweetheart." He was overjoyed to have such treasures.
"It was good for me, too, baby. And for the neighbor, who didn't miss a thing." She realized she loved being watched by a stranger.
"I'd forgotten about Mr. Lucky." John was fine that the neighbor had watched. It made it even more erotic.
"I'll go fix us some lunch, sweetheart. You just chill." He walked inside.
Dana gave a flirtatious wave to her anonymous admirer.
After lunch on the deck they gave each other long, luxurious massages in bed. They fell asleep quickly and napped away the afternoon. It had been a busy weekend. When they woke they showered again together. John had to don some clothes briefly so he could run down to the corner store for more wine. When he returned he made them a light dinner.
As they cleared the table, John said, "It's the last night of Sexapalooza."
"The grand finale, baby!" Dana smiled broadly.
"Then come with me." John stood and took Dana by the hand. He led her into the bedroom.
"Light the candles, please."
"Sure, baby." She lit them and sat on the bed looking a John expectantly.
"Lie down on your back with your head on the pillows."
John opened a drawer and brought out a blindfold and restraints. He bought them a few years earlier but had been too shy to suggest using them.
"Ooooh! Whips and chains!" Dana exclaimed.
"Not quite, but close. Lift your head for me." He tied the black blindfold firmly around her eyes, adjusting it to put her completely in the dark.
"Oh, baby," Dana purred.
John quietly and methodically tied a restraint to each of her arms and legs, then tied the other ends to the bedposts, leaving enough slack she could move a little.
"If anything makes you uncomfortable at all and you want to stop, just say 'stop.' Okay?"
"Yes, master." She smiled below her blindfold.
She felt him climb into the bed. She felt his warmth over her breasts, then felt what must have been his long eyelashes flicking across her hardening nipples.
"Mmmm."
Then she felt something else very soft -- maybe a brush of some kind -- lightly touching her nipples and making delicate circles around her areolas. The sensation, while blindfolded, made her quiver. The softness moved slowly down her belly, making its way through her golden hair to the top of her pussy. It gently brushed the outside of her lips and her clit. It caressed her pussy then moved lower. She felt John's fingers spread her cheeks slightly, then the softness moved to her ass, circling gently. Dana felt lightheaded.
She felt him move off the bed and heard his footsteps leaving the room. He returned a few minutes later.
She felt his hands on her neck and shoulders, massaging her tenderly.
"Ooooh, that feels good." She had forgotten how much more intense things felt when she was blindfolded and tied.
His hands moved down her back, caressing their way down to her pussy. One hand on her inner thigh, the other spread the lips of her pussy.
Then she felt a third hand on her other thigh. It squeezed her soft skin before moving to her open pussy. A fourth hand fondled her calf. All strong male hands.
She gasped but was more intrigued -- and aroused -- than surprised. She had not been with two men in many years. She had no interest in calling "stop." She loved what John had arranged and trusted him completely. She was game.
One set of hands was rougher and more callused than the other. That was the other man. She felt him get next to her in the bed, John on her other side. Her heart raced.
A lubricated finger slid into her pussy. Since less callused, she thought it was John. He massaged her G-spot, which made her squirm in her restraints. Then a mouth touched her wet pussy. There was facial hair, so it was the other man. She shuddered with excitement. It occurred to her their young voyeur neighbor had a goatee.
The neighbor began to lick and suck her pussy intensely, while John fucked her with one finger, then two. Her arousal built quickly as the two men took turns pleasured her pussy. She ached to move her body from the excitement but the restraints prevented that, making her even more aroused.
While the neighbor ate her vigorously, she felt John move between her legs. The restraints were loose enough he could lift her knees slightly and kneel between her legs. He thrust his cock into her and she cried out in pleasure. The neighbor leaned over her, still sucking her clit as John pounded in and out. The neighbor roughly fondled her breasts and pinched her nipples hard with one hand as they shook from John's thrusts.
"Oh God. Yes," she cried.
As John fucked her, the neighbor lifted his mouth from her pussy and got on top of her, his bare ass on her belly. She felt a cool liquid dripping onto and between her heaving breasts. He pushed her breasts together, pinching her nipples hard, and moved up her body. Then she felt his rock hard cock sliding between her breasts. It was very long and thick. A chill ran down her spine as he fucked her breasts furiously. She loved the feel of his firm ass moving back and forth on her body.
He slid his cock out and released her breasts, which were red from his tight grip. He leaned down and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth. He lacked John's finesse, but she liked his roughness. She met his tongue with hers.
He stopped kissing her and moved further up her body, his ass on her breasts. She felt the tip of his cock at her mouth and she opened wide as he pushed it in. He was huge and hard as steel. Dana would not be able to take him in as deep as she could take in John but she liked the adrenalin rush of his enormous cock in her mouth. He fucked her mouth feverishly but, fortunately for Dana, was careful not to go too deep.
"Don't come yet, Dana" John said.
At that he and the neighbor traded places. John got over Dana's face and pushed in and out of her mouth. The neighbor got between her legs and rammed his gigantic cock into her pussy. Dana whimpered, but not in distress. It was the biggest cock she had ever had; she loved feeling it fill her pussy while John filled her mouth. The neighbor gripped her trembling ass with his strong rough hands and fucked her ferociously while John fucked her mouth. John reached back and rubbed her clit, sometimes brushing against the big cock as it slammed in and out of her.
Dana moaned deliriously.
John got up and undid her restraints.
"The blindfold stays on," he said.
The neighbor pulled his cock out and they turned Dana face down onto her stomach. Dana felt their four hands massaging her ass. Then one man held her cheeks apart while the other licked her ass; then they switched.
The neighbor lay on his back next to her and pulled her on top of him. They kissed frantically as John kept pleasuring her ass with his tongue. The neighbor pushed his cock back into her pussy and fucked her powerfully from below. She moaned loudly as he forced his colossal cock in and out of her tight pussy.
John moved away but moments later she felt warm lube running between her cheeks. Kneeling over her, John rubbed the lube on her ass and slowly pushed his slippery finger in. Her body resisted for a moment, then relaxed and he slid it fully into her, moving it slowly back and forth to get her ready. Then he pushed his hard, lubricated cock into her ass, which was rocking from the neighbor's hard thrusts.
"Yes, fuck my ass, too," she pleaded.
John pushed his cock in slowly until he was fully inside her. He had never felt his cock in a woman's ass. He could feel the neighbor's cock moving through the thin wall separating her ass from her vagina. Resting his hands on her shoulders, John pushed is cock gently in and out as the neighbor fucked her pussy more roughly.
Dana thought she would faint. Only once had she fucked two men, but it was nothing this good. She never felt so full and aroused.
The men fucked her for a long time. While stretching her pussy to the limit with his massive cock, the neighbor reached around and spread her cheeks so John could go deeply into her tight ass. John pulled her hair as they penetrated her. The sight of two cocks filling Dana at once made John delirious. He had to look away before it made him come too soon. He tried to distract himself by turning on the vibrator and slipping it between Dana and the neighbor. She adjusted it so it was perfectly stimulating her clit as they fucked her.
Dana was so gone she could not make a sound. Flushed and trembling she was suddenly overcome by the most powerful orgasm. She screamed and her body convulsed between the men. She squirted ejaculate copiously, drenching the neighbor in her sweet hot liquid. The warmth of her squirting orgasm sent the neighbor over the top. He howled from a spectacular orgasm and filled her pussy with his cum, pounding into her madly. That pushed John over the edge too. He bucked as the waves washed over him as he spurted his cum into her beautiful ass.
They lay in a pile, panting and drenched in sweat, the men's cocks still inside her.
"Leave the blindfold on," John whispered in her ear. He got off her and lifted her off the neighbor. The men's cum streamed from her.
"Come down here and lick him clean," John directed.
"Mmmm," she replied dreamily.
He led her between the neighbor's legs and gently pushed her head down. Dana enthusiastically licked every inch of his cock, balls, ass, and thighs, tasting her juices and his cum. Then she took his softened cock into her mouth to savor one last taste, giving his big balls a squeeze for good measure.
"Lie down now, blindfolded." He gently led her back to the pillows, where she rested her head. John kissed her tenderly. "I love you, sweetheart," he whispered in her ear.
John led the neighbor out to his clothes in the hallway and thanked him for joining them.
"My pleasure, man. Any time! You have my number." He buckled his belt and went out the door.
Back in bed with Dana, John took off her blindfold. They held each other close.
"My God, John. That was an amazing surprise." She smiled effervescently.
"I hope it wasn't too much."
"Nearly, but in a good way. It was incredible. But I'm glad you weren't able to find that willing dwarf you mentioned." She laughed.
"He was no dwarf, that's for sure." They both laughed.
"More like a horse. Between the two of you I may be walking with a limp for a while."
"Sorry about that."
"No. It was incredible." They kissed passionately.
"I won't even ask who that was." She was pretty sure she knew but could not be completely certain.
"Right. It could have been anyone." He smiled. "You'll just have to wonder about every man you pass on the street."
"Wow, the gift that keeps on giving." She thought about not knowing who had ravished her. It made her tingle.
"Do you think our all-naked weekend worked out as we hoped?" she asked.
"Absolutely, sweetheart. It was just what the doctor ordered. I feel ready to talk about sex with you openly. And we know we both like so many things. With a repertoire like that, and being able to talk, there's no excuse for us getting into any kind of rut." John was ecstatic.
Dana looked into his eyes lovingly.
"I couldn't agree more. Happy Sexapalooza, baby. I think this fire of ours is burning brightly."