Part 4: Gay Male
Chapter 12: Gay Male - Ian blows Mark and gets his ass fucked.
That weekend, I was scheduled to work, so I planned to grab my stuff and hit the road right after my last class. Patty was staying at school to work on a project, so I was surprised to find her waiting outside my room when I got out of my last class.
She explained that she knew I was going to try to get her brother to fuck my ass that night, so she made me clean myself. I didn't argue with her, but I was wondering why she wanted me to do it then instead of after work. That became clear when I got back to my room and she held out my butt plug with an evil grin saying, "I dare you to wear this until you see Mark."
Accepting the challenge, I dropped my pants and presented my ass to her saying, "If you'll do the honors, please."
Patty used the pretense that she was having trouble getting the plug in as an excuse to work the tip over my prostate. By the time she was able to get the plug, "properly inserted," there was a steady stream of precum dripping into my boxer briefs and my dick was half hard.
I had the four to close shift, so I drove right to work and then went to Patty and Mark's house. When I arrived, I found that Mrs. O'Brien had saved me a plate for dinner, so I sat and talked to her while I ate.
"Mrs. O'Brien, your home is beautiful. I think it's really cool the way it blends in with the side of the valley, and I like the way the inside flows."
Mrs. O'Brien said, "Thank you. And I told you to call me Teri. You know I designed the house, don't you?"
"Yeah, Patty told me you're an architect and that the house is your 'third baby.' She probably told you that I'm an architecture major, so I really like seeing what you've done."
The house has to be almost 8,000 square feet, built in a U shape. The garage is at one end with Mark's bedroom above it. Then come the common areas, The kitchen and family room have two story ceilings while the formal living room and dining room have low, beamed ceilings, giving them a southwestern feel. Next comes a guest room and home office on the ground floor with Patty's bedroom above, and then Teri and Drew's bedroom, which Teri told me is a two-story master suite. The house is situated at the top of a ravine, looking down on the town and the river a half mile below.
As I ate, Teri sat with me and described the details of the house's design, giving me my first opportunity to take a close look at her. At first glance, she looks like an older version of Patty, but as we talked, I started to notice differences.
Where Patty's hair is wheat blonde, straight and fine, Teri's hair is more of a honey color, and is thicker and fuller. She was dressed for business in a silk blouse and pencil skirt, with her hair up in a twist. Looking at her face, I could see a resemblance to Patty, but where Patty's features are rounded, Teri's are more finely drawn.
Teri is also slimmer and leaner than Patty. Patty has an athletic, girl next-door look, while her mom is more cat-like, like a runway model. Teri also looked like a B cup, the same as Patty, but on her slimmer frame her breasts were striking. The way her silk blouse highlighted their contours made me think that she needed to wear a suit jacket when she was meeting clients.
As I forced my mind to stop wandering, Teri was explaining that they had an endless pool and an eight-person whirlpool in the master suite that they let Patty and Mark use. He said, "If you need a workout or a relaxing soak while you're here, just let Drew or me know you're going to use it."
That night set a pattern for all the times I stayed with the O'Briens. Whenever I came home, if Teri was there, she would take the time to sit and talk with me. Sometimes it was just the two of us. Sometimes Mark or Drew would join us. What made it special was that it wasn't the perfunctory, "How was your day? Mine was great." We talked about school, work, family, current events, movies, music; all of the things I would talk to my friends about.
Eventually I came to see her as a confidante who I could talk to about the things I was dealing with in my life. I started looking forward to our talks. The only thing she wouldn't talk about was my relationship with Patty. At first I thought she was trying to avoid any TMI moments, but I eventually figured out that she really wanted to avoid any appearance of meddling. She became a true friend, not just the mother of my girlfriend.
By the time I finished eating, I'd been wearing my plug for seven hours, so I was very aware of it as we sat and talked. Before I made an excuse to leave her, Teri stood and cleared the table, saying she needed to get some sleep because she was meeting friends early in the morning to get started on Christmas shopping. I thanked her for dinner and for the conversation and hurried up the stairs, eager to do something about the itch in my ass.
When I walked into Mark's room, he was already naked and had a hard-on. I laughed and said, "I guess you're happy to see me."
"Yes and no. This afternoon I got a text from my sister that said, 'You're gonna fuck Ian in the ass today, and you're gonna send us the video.' My reaction was 'What the fuck?' so I called Patty. She told me how you guys spent last night, and said she knew you'd want to try the real thing. She just assumed I would go from giving you a blow job to fucking your ass."
"Does that mean you won't?"
"No. Of course, I'll do it. Ass fucking is great! I dated one girl who let me do it and it was awesome!"
I faked a sigh of relief.
Mark continued, "I asked Patty why I should record it for her. She said, 'Because it will be hot and we want to see. If you do, Clarice and I will make a video for you.'"
"At first, I thought it was weird, her wanting to see me fucking. Then she said she didn't want to see me fuck, she wanted to see you get fucked. She called me the 'stunt cock.' She also said I owe her for letting me have sex with her boyfriend."
It seemed a little weird to me that seeing each other naked and having sex didn't freak both of them out, but I decided not to ask about it.
"In the end, I agreed to do it, but I suggested she watch us live on webcam instead. When I explained how it works, she loved the idea."
I was a little surprised, but for some reason the idea excited me. I asked, "Have you done this before?"
"Sure. A couple of the sites I subscribe to have webcam pages. Most are the kind where you pay people to perform sex acts on camera, but there are also some where people perform just for the thrill of it. One of them has what they call a virtual orgy, where everyone is on camera like a Zoom call. They let you watch anonymously for a little while, but then they lock you out unless you're on camera."
"I checked it out and there was always a mix of couples, groups and people going solo. It looked like fun, but the first time I played with myself on camera I was nervous, and it took a while to get hard. The other people were encouraging, so I got more comfortable and more into it.
I started out just using the camera on my laptop, but then I upgraded to a couple of decent cameras. You can see one on the shelf over the TV, and the other is on the shelf next to the window there," he said as he pointed them out. I'd never noticed the cameras before, but I could see they weren't cheap models. The setup was clever, giving front and side views of whatever was happening on Mark's bed.
As I checked them out Mark continued, "I told Patty that if she and Clarice were gonna watch, they had to be naked and on camera too. A few seconds later I got a video chat request. When I clicked on it, I saw Patty dancing around naked. She asked, 'Is this what you wanted to see, little bro?' I said, 'Yeah, but we're gonna need to get you a better camera.' Then I sent her the info on how to sign up for the virtual orgy site."
"She had to leave to meet her project team, but she told me to text her when you came in. She thought Clarice had a date tonight, but she said she'd let her know about what time we'd be online."
I laughed and said, "Dude, you are as much of a dirty horn-dog as your sister. Maybe that's why I love you both."
"How about you get naked and get down on your knees to show me how much you love me. Knowing what a cum whore you are, I haven't jacked off for three days. I'm gonna drown you with my creamy treat."
I said, "Don't you want to save that for your command performance?"
"Dude, I've had blue steel in my pants thinking about plowing your tight little ass. I'm more worried about a quick trigger. Take the edge off and I'll give you a ride you'll remember for the rest of your life."
I laughed and said, "Bold words," but I quickly began shedding my clothes.
As I undressed, I could see Mark doing something with his computer. A couple seconds later a view of Mark from the side camera appeared on the TV. Mark positioned himself with his leg up on the bed, spreading his crotch wide, and zoomed the camera in on his dick, showing his body from mid-thigh to his chest. His cock looked impressive on screen.
He took a remote control I hadn't seen before and adjusted the room lighting. His skin took on a light sheen and his muscles suddenly stood out, and I realized he had oiled his body. I have to admit, it made him look hot.
A few more mouse clicks later he said, "Some of my web cam friends are online. Do you mind if they watch?"
A window had appeared on the screen with four video panels. I could see Mark and me in one of them. In the other three I saw a fit, middle-aged couple, a nerdy-looking twenty-something guy with what looked like a ten-inch cock, and a full figured, mature looking woman wearing a bustier and stockings. Mark introduced them as Tom and Jean, Steve and Gina. I said, "I'm okay putting on a show," and turning towards the camera I said, "Enjoy."
Mark dropped his laptop on his bed and started stroking his cock with one hand. He reached for my shoulder with the other hand and pushed me to my knees saying, "You were about to drain three days' worth of cum from my balls."
At first, I just cupped his balls, kneading them lightly and leaning in to inhale his musk. When I lightly stroked his vein, that tickle on the underside of his balls released a flood of liquid from Mark's slit. I knew he was on a hair trigger, so I decided to see how long I could tease him.
Gripping his balls in one hand with my thumb around his shaft, I rolled them in my fingers, giving them a squeeze that made Mark groan, and his hips gave a jerk. As I continued milking Mark's balls, I brushed my other hand over his body. I used a feather light touch to tease his cock, fluttering over his vein, lightly polishing his head, and tickling his abdomen and inner thighs. While I was doing this, my face was close enough so he could feel by breath on his cock, and I blew on the most sensitive spots from time to time.
When the precum dripping down his shaft threatened to drip onto the floor, I caught the drop on my tongue, lightly running it up his shaft, collecting the liquid as I went. When the tip of my tongue had traced his veins to the base of his crown, I let it rest right at the notch. His cock gave a twitch, and I could see it spit another bubble, which ran down onto my tongue. When I thought he had steadied, I quickly swiped my tongue up over the crown and swirled it through his piss hole to remove the last traces. As soon as I removed my tongue, I could see another drip start its downward trip.
I sat back and began gently squeezing his balls, running my middle finger between them and then extending my hand between his legs until I could tickle his asshole. I could see more and more precum dripping down his cock as I continued this back-and-forth stroking and squeezing.
I moved my face closer, but I bypassed his cock and licked the sweaty junction between his balls and his thighs. I traced the crease of his thigh up and down, then curled my tongue under one of his balls. I wrapped my lips around the delicate flesh, licking the sweat and musk, then released it. I grasped his cock momentarily to move it out of the way as I moved to lick his other ball.
By now, Mark looked like he was desperate, and it was taking all his self-control not to grab my head and face-fuck me. I was almost ready to stop this exquisite torture, but I had to tease him just a little more. I sucked one of his balls into my mouth and curled my tongue around it. Resisting the urge to lick and suck, I held it there while I savored the salty taste, felt the pulsing of his blood, and that about the treat he had stored up there for me. When I switched to give his other ball the same treatment, I thought he was going to grab my hair and ram himself into my throat.
Releasing his balls, I licked and nibbled my way up his shaft, tracing the veins and feeling their powerful pulsations. As I reached the top of his shaft, I could feel the tension in Mark's body. That's when I plunged my mouth down onto his shaft, taking his full length until his head lodged at the entrance to my throat. I stayed there for just a second, squeezing him with my lips and fluttering my tongue over as much of him as I could reach.
I sucked as hard as I could while I pulled my mouth up his shaft. When I reached his crown, I gave it a lick and plunged back down. After just a dozen strokes, Mark grabbed my head and slammed his cock down my throat. I felt him fire a huge jet of sperm down my throat as he let out a loud groan.
Keeping my lips locked around his shaft as my tongue continued to massage him, I grabbed his hips and forced him back. I wanted his cum to land where I could taste it. I opened my mouth and jacked his cock as he shot two more blasts, then I plunged him back into my mouth and allowed him to resume face-fucking me.
As the tension finally left Mark's body, I licked his cock clean and released him from my mouth. I hadn't swallowed the last few jets of cum, so I turned to the camera and showed the puddle on my tongue. Then I made a show of swallowing it and licking my lips. As I did, I heard the onlookers cheering, including two familiar voices. When I looked at the screen, I saw Patty and Clarice in a new window.
Mark heard them too, and said, "Now I guess we're ready for the main event."
Looking at Mark's softening cock, I said, "Not quite."
Turning back to the screen I could see that Tom and Jean had been fucking doggie style while they watched. Jean's pendulous tits swayed back and forth each time Tom drove his cock into her.
Steve had an impressive looking ball harness around the base of his cock. He was using a large masturbation sleeve that only covered half the length of his dick while he worked a prostate wand in and out of his ass. At first I thought he had a ton of lube on his cock, but then I realized he must be leaking a copious amount of precum judging by the steady drip falling off his balls and forming a puddle under his ass.
Gina was riding a fucking machine. Judging by her heavy breathing and the sweat glistening on her magnificent breasts, it worked very well. She was kneading her own tits, pinching and pulling her eraser sized nipples, and every so often her abs would tense, her breath would catch and she'd grip the machine tightly between her toned thighs.
Patty and Clarice were laying on the futon naked and had their legs scissored together. I was guessing they had set a laptop on the desk. As they moved, I could see a double ended dildo connecting their pussies.
Everyone was aroused, but it looked like they were all just edging.
Patty spoke up, saying "Who wants to see if they can get Mark's cock hard again?"
When no one else volunteered, Patty said, "Okay. Mark, how would you like to see your big sister get fucked by an eight-inch strap-on?"
Before Mark could answer, Tom said, "I don't care what he wants to see. I'd love to watch that."
Everyone else made general sounds of agreement, so Clarice got up to get the strap-on. As she disentangled herself from Patty the rest of us could see that the dildo they were sharing was easily a foot and a half long and three inches thick.
Clarice came back into view with the harness and dildo. She made quite a show of removing the six-inch dildo and replacing it with the eight-inch phallus. As she stepped into the harness, she turned to face away from the camera and bent over so we all got a good look at her ass and pussy. Her head was nearly touching the floor and she was looking into the camera between her legs as she slid the plug into her pussy. We could all see her wet cunt lips kiss the head of the plug and then open up and swallow it.
Once she has the straps cinched tight, she turned sideways to the camera. The eight-inch cock looked huge on her tiny frame. After everyone had a second to take it in, we all said, almost simultaneously, "You can use that on me any time you want," or words to that effect. It was funny to see the looks Tom and Jean exchanged when they each heard the other say that.
Clarice turned to Patty and said in a commanding voice, "Okay. I'm ready for you, slut."
Patty didn't say anything, but she spread her legs and reached down with both hands to spread her pussy lips, exposing her gaping wet hole.
Clarice snapped at her, "Stand up when I'm talking to you!"
They must have played this game before because Patty jumped to her feet.
Clarice continued, "You were naughty. I saw you let that boy fuck you in the ass."
Patty mumbled something incoherent, prompting Clarice to demand, "What did you say?"
Looking down at her feet, Patty answered, "I was just being nice to him, like you were nice to that lady professor."
Clarice jumped to her feet and fired back, "What I do outside this room is none of your business. You were a dirty slut and you need to be punished!" as she slapped Patty's tit hard enough to leave a bright red hand print.
Patty hung her head and said, "Yes, Ma'am."
Sitting down and patting her lap, Clarice said, "You know what happens when you're naughty."
Patty laid across Clarice's knees with some hesitation, thrusting her tight little butt up in the air. She was positioned so her ass was towards the camera, but her head was turned so we could see her face. Clarice trapped Patty's legs between her thighs and pulled her arms behind her back. She produced a cloth strap that she wrapped used to bind her forearms together, and using that as a handle she pulled them away from her back.
Once Clarice was satisfied Patty was secured properly, she told her, "Count to six."
Clarice raised her free hand and slapped Patty's ass with a loud crack right where her pussy lips were peeking out. She didn't hold back, because Patty jumped and made a brief struggle to get free before Clarice pulled her forearms even higher, forcing Patty's head down.
Through all that Patty managed not to cry out. As she stopped struggling, she counted, "One." Clarice landed the remaining five strokes in a slow cadence as Patty counted them out. For the final stroke she released Patty's hands and legs and commanded her to spread. She landed the last blow squarely on Patty's ass and pussy, her cupped hand making the loudest smack yet. As she counted six, everyone watching could count the bright red handprints on her backside.
Patty stood up, and Clarice said, "You need to learn to behave. Now come here and let me show you that I still love you."
Patty returned to the futon, kneeling with her head down and her butt in the air. Clarice turned and gently placed a kiss on each of the handprints. When she kissed the print centered over Patty's pussy, she spent several seconds kissing and tonguing Patty's pussy lips. When she kissed one over Patty's asshole, she made a show of rimming and probing Patty's hole with her tongue.
As she finished kissing the last handprint, Clarice said, "Now you can stay there. You're in a perfect position for the game we were gonna play."
With that, she stood and began running her cock up and down Patty's slit. Even with the poor video quality, everyone could see that it was dripping wet.
Mark and I had moved to his bed. As we watched Clarice press the head of her cock into Patty's cunt, I turned and laid on a couple of pillows with my head towards the foot of the bed. This put my ass within reach of Mark.
Reaching back and spreading my cheeks, I said, "Why don't you get me ready while we watch." He looked at my ass and saw the butt plug sticking out. Moving so that he was sitting between my feet with his legs over mine, he took hold of the handle. I told him to work it out slowly, so he began to gently fuck my ass with it, barely moving it at first.
By then, Clarice had inserted her cock all the way into Patty's cunt. She smoothly pulled her hips back, and then slammed them forward, starting a jackhammer fucking motion that left Patty breathless. Patty shifted her hands to give herself more leverage and quickly began meeting Clarice thrust for thrust.
As Clarice began fucking Patty in earnest, Mark began to really fuck me with the butt plug. He paused for a minute to add more lube from the tube I had placed on the nightstand, then he started working my hole hard. I could see that he had the camera over the monitor activated and he was zoomed in on my ass. It was weird but hot to feel the plug fucking my ass while I was watching it on the screen as if it were happening to someone else.
Patty began to make a whining, moaning sound, as she begged Clarice, "Don't stop! Slam your cock up my cunt! Harder! Harder! Oh, god! Fuck me harder!"
Looking at the two of them, I could see Clarice straining to drive the huge cock into Patty. They were both breathing hard. The video quality was just good enough to show the glow of their flushed skin. Clarice's face had a look of determination, while Patty's eyes were just slits and she had a hungry look on her face.
As Patty's shouts became incoherent, Mark pulled the plug out of my ass and leaned forward to shove his tongue into my asshole while it was still gaping open. After licking out my butt hole for a bit he said, "I think we're both ready when they are."
I looked back and saw that his cock was bright purple with every vein standing out in sharp relief. He applied some lube to his cock, and stroked it with one hand to keep it hard while he gently finger fucked my ass with the other.
As Patty screamed out the last throes of her orgasm, someone said, "It looks like that got the boys ready for the main event."
As all eyes turned to us, Mark switched to the camera aimed at the side of the bed. Then shifted so he was supporting his weight on one hand and using the other to probe my asshole with his cock head. I concentrated on relaxing my hole and pushing, and before I knew it, I found myself impaled by three inches of real live cock flesh. After pausing for a moment, Mark leaned over me like he was doing pushups and slowly but steadily pressed his full length into me.
As he pushed into me, the first thing I thought of was how warm his cock was compared to the dildo. The second thing I realized was that his cock was more pliable, so I could feel my asshole squeezing the firm, spongy flesh.
I groaned in pleasure, savoring the sensation of his cock filling my ass and the slight burn as he stretched my ring. I was thrilled when I felt his balls between my legs and I asked him to stay like that for a minute. Looking towards the camera I said, "Clarice, why didn't you tell me how much better a real cock feels. I love this!"
By then, Clarice and Patty were cuddling on the futon. Clarice answered, "You probably wouldn't have believed me. I'm glad you like it."
I couldn't answer, because Mark decided I was ready to fuck. He lowered himself onto me with his chest pressed against my back. He reached under my body, stroking my chest where he could reach it before taking a grip on my shoulders.
He planted kisses between my shoulder blade as he slowly lifted his hips, withdrawing all but the head of his cock. Just as I started moving my ass to recapture his length, he snapped his hips forward. I could feel my ass momentarily resisting the invader before relaxing and embracing the fullness as he plunged in to the hilt.
The position I was in had my balls pushed back between my legs, perfectly positioned for Mark's balls to brush against them as he bottomed out. That light bump and tickle sent more sparks through my groin.
After a brief pause, Mark began fucking me in earnest, setting a steady pace and slamming his cock into me with authority. Each thrust forced a grunt from my lungs and sent a quiver through my cock. Within seconds my heart was pounding and I felt breathless.
As he was driving his cock into my ass, Mark started licking the back of my neck and nibbling my ear. At first it felt weird to have a guy do that to me, but at the same time it made what we were doing feel warmer and more intimate.
Mark decided to make a change. He pulled his cock out of my ass and told me to turn over. As I did, he rearranged the pillows I was laying on so that they were under my ass, lifting my hole so it was level with his cock as he knelt there.
Before he entered me again, Mark leaned down and sucked my cock for a few seconds. Then he added more lube to my ass, lifted my feet onto his shoulders, and slid his cock back in. When he did, I realized how much I was craving and anticipating that thrust. When he bottomed out, I held him there with my legs, savoring the delicious feeling of fullness. His cock twitched and I imagined I could feel it pulsing inside me.
As he resumed fucking my ass, Mark leaned over so that he was looking down into my eyes. We locked eyes for what seemed like an eternity, as I concentrated on his face and his cock in my ass. As his cock filled my ass, I felt a connection unlike any other time I'd made love before. My breath caught in my throat at the warmth I felt.
Then Mark was leaning down, kissing me. I had never thought about kissing a guy before, but it felt so natural. Our tongues dueled as he kept steadily pounding his cock into my ass. I felt lightheaded, and my cock felt like it had never been harder. I found myself wrapping my legs around his back, helping him to drive his cock into me.
Suddenly, Mark raised himself up and asked, "Are you close?"
"I feel like a water balloon ready to pop."
Mark smiled and said, "That's what I was hoping to hear."
With that, he leaned back and began stroking my cock as he snapped his hips against my ass, so that everyone watching could hear when we were fully joined. I said, "I want to feel you fill my ass with your cum."
Mark answered, "You're gonna get your wish in a few seconds. Now cum with me. I want to feel you cum with my cock in your ass."
As he said that, the combination of his hand stroking me and his cock pounding my ass pushed me to the edge. I could feel my ass muscles try to grip and hold his cock and I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him into me as he fought to continue driving into me.
Suddenly I could only take short, panting breaths as my asshole twitched uncontrollably, clenching and unclenching around Mark's pounding meat. On the next stroke, the explosion we'd both been waiting for arrived. It felt like his cock was forcing the cum out of my balls, shooting out with such force that the first blast landed on my mouth and chin. Mark lasted one more stroke before he cried out and drove into me one more time, the hardest thrust yet.
Even though Mark let go of my cock when he reached his own orgasm, my cock continued to spew onto my stomach each time he drove his cock into my ass. After a few more strokes where I concentrated on feeling Mark's cum spurting into my ass, he collapsed onto me. As he lay there holding me tight in his arms, Mark gently licked the cum off my face, then locked his mouth onto mine as we passed my cum back and forth. My cock continued to throb between our bodies as his cock continued to pulse in my ass.
As the onlookers applauded, Mark pulled his softening cock out of my ass and we turned so that we could lick the cum off each other's bodies.
We said goodnight to everybody and Mark ended the video chat after that. We laid down to sleep, together in his bed. Mark was behind me, holding me and stroking my chest, with his sticky cock laying between my ass cheeks.
As we settled down to sleep, Mark said, "I talked to Brian. You were right. He totally likes cock as much as pussy."
I asked him when that happened. He answered, "That was Tuesday. I told him we needed to talk, so we met for coffee at a skate park we used to go to. I asked him about the conversation he had with you, and he apologized for making me sound gay."
"I told him that was no problem, and that you were cool with bisexuality. Brian asked if that's how I saw myself and I admitted that I hadn't until you and I talked about it. Brian admitted that he saw himself as bi."
"When he said that, I asked him if it would be possible for two bi friends to get together for a play date. His answer was, 'I was hoping you'd ask.'"
"We came back here and spent the rest of the afternoon sucking each other dry. It was awesome."
I wanted to hear more, but I was exhausted and drifted off to sleep. The last thing I remember was Mark kissing the back of my neck.
Chapter 13: Gay Male - Brian comes to play with Mark and Ian.
I had to work the early shift the next day. Trying not to wake Mark, I slipped out of bed and went to take a shower. When I came out of the bathroom Mark was gone, so I headed down to the kitchen.
I found Mark in the kitchen getting ready to make omelets. He asked how I wanted mine, so I told him I'd like it with ham, cheese and peppers.
As Mark moved about the kitchen, he told me that his parents had left early to meet some friends. "You know Clarice, and you met Rebecca. Mom and Dad are getting together with their parents." He said that they were meeting for breakfast before they headed out to watch the football game at State. "They belong to an alumni group that throws a tailgate party before every game."
Changing the subject, Mark said, "I called Brian while you were showering. He's coming over tonight."
"Yeah?"
"He wants to play with both of us. He also said it's time I got my ass broken in."
"I'll look forward to seeing that."
Realizing that we were alone, I asked Mark, "You and Patty were pretty casual about seeing each other naked. That wasn't the first time?"
Marked laughed and said, "Hardly."
That got me curious, "So what, do you guys parade around the house naked when I'm not around?"
"No."
"So what then?"
"I'm not sure I can explain before you have to leave."
"Give it a try. I'll never be able to concentrate at work if you make me wait."
Mark laughed and said, "I should make you wait then, but I'll have mercy. You have an older sister, right?"
"Yeah, Karen is five years older than me,"
"Did you ever try to sneak a peek at her?"
It was my turn to laugh, "I didn't have to."
Mark raised his eyebrows and asked, "So you come from a family of nudists?"
"No. I come from a family that lived in a tiny house with only one bathroom. It was like an assembly line in the morning, with everyone showering, brushing their teeth, and using the toilet all at once. If you worried about who was seeing you naked, you made everyone late. A lot of times, I would be climbing into the shower as my mom or my sister was climbing out."
"I didn't really think anything about seeing my family naked until I hit puberty. My sister was a fully developed woman, and my mom was 37 years old and in great shape. I walked around with a hard-on every morning for a year. I was embarrassed at first, but then Dad took me aside and told me that Mom and Karen didn't mind, and even took it as a compliment."
"After that, I didn't worry about walking around with a perpetual boner. I was a little conflicted at first about seeing my mom and my sister as sexy, but eventually I got over it and even incorporated them into some of my fantasies. It helped when I noticed Dad sporting wood a couple of times when Karen was running around naked."
Mark shook his head and said with a grin, "Jacking off over your mom. You sick fuck."
"Said the son of a total MILF."
Mark just grinned.
"So get on with your story," I demanded.
Mark paused to collect his thoughts, and then began, "We'd gone swimming at a friend's house and I needed to pee, so I went to use the bathroom off the pool deck. The door was unlocked, so I walked in. When I did, I saw Mom standing in front of the toilet. She'd worn a one-piece suit that day and had pushed it down to use the toilet. As I walked in, she was just starting to get dressed and I caught a glimpse of her pussy before she pulled the suit up to her hips."
"I stopped still in the doorway, and Mom stood there holding the suit up around her hips with her breasts in plain sight. I tried to apologize but couldn't get the words to come out. Then I realized I was standing in front of the open door. Mom said, 'Shut the door, please.' I started to shut it behind me and she said, 'From the outside.'"
"I turned and left with what felt like a huge hard-on, so I jumped in the pool and swam laps until it subsided. By then, Mom was back out on the deck, sitting in a lounge chair. I went over and apologized without being too specific."
"After that, I wanted to see a naked woman again, but I didn't dare try to peek at Mom. We lived in a smaller house then. It had three bedrooms and with one bathroom on the second floor. I got the idea that I could 'accidentally' walk in on Patty. I tried to catch her for a couple of weeks, but either she had the door locked or she managed to cover up before I could see anything."
"The funny thing is, I did walk in on Mom a few times when I thought Patty was in the bathroom. Every time, she just looked at me without trying to cover up. I probably caught more peeks of her body than I did of Patty's. And I'm not ashamed to say that I've jacked off to those memories more than once. Like you said, It was a little weird at first, but the idea that it was wrong just made it seem hotter."
"Then one day I flung open the bathroom door and found Rebecca in there instead of Patty. Rebecca didn't make any attempt to cover herself. She actually turned and struck a pose. After a few seconds she asked me, 'Do you like the view?' I could only nod. She smiled and said, 'Well, you'd better leave before it burns your retinas, perv.'"
"A couple of days later, I walked into the bathroom without thinking. I wasn't even trying to sneak a peek, but Patty was there, and, like Rebecca, she posed for a few second. Then she called me a perv and told me to get out, but not angrily."
"I was confused, but after catching her a couple of more times I guessed that she was letting me peek. Then she started trying to sneak peeks at me, so I started letting her. I found out later on that I was right. She had told Rebecca about me trying to peak at her, and Rebecca dared her to let me."
As he said this, Mark put breakfast on the table and we started eating.
Mark continued, "All of this came to a head a few weeks later when Patty had Clarice and Rebecca over for the weekend while my parents were off with friends. Patty came to me and said, 'We plan to be naked all weekend. You can look as much as you want, as long as you promise not to say anything about it to anyone, and you promise not to try and come into my room.'"
"Naturally, I made the promise. When Rebecca and Clarice arrived, Patty explained our deal. Rebecca immediately said, 'No way. If he wants to see us, he needs to show us the goods too.' I knew I would have a hard-on all weekend long, so I was not happy with that idea. Clarice seemed to read my thoughts when she said, 'Mark, your hard cock is the eye candy we want to see.'"
"Rebecca agreed with Clarice enthusiastically, while Patty went along a little more reluctantly. Being the horny eighteen-year-old that I was, I wasn't going to blow my chance to see live naked women, so I stripped down right there. I should have expected it, but as soon as I was naked the three of them started to immediately critique of my overall physique and my cock in particular.
When the girls couldn't think of any more quips, Rebecca jumped up and said, 'I almost forgot. We're supposed to get naked too,' as she peeled out of her clothes. Patty and Clarice were only seconds behind."
"I was excited to have three naked girls to watch, and I made sure to stay near them every minute they weren't in Patty's room. Then I realized that they were making a point of touching me, letting their tits graze my back or my arm, spreading their legs when they sat across from me, and in general doing anything they could to keep me hard. When it got painful and I started to touch myself, they told me I was disgusting. When I went to my room, they did everything they could to interrupt me."
"By seven o'clock, I was miserable. Then, Patty and Rebecca offered to go out for pizza. As soon as they left, Clarice pushed me back into a chair and said, 'We've only got fifteen minutes.' Then she gave me the first blow job of my young life."
"The girls kept teasing me for the rest of the weekend, but Rebecca and Clarice each found opportunities to give me some relief. The most memorable was probably the hand job Rebecca gave me as she was sitting on the toilet, getting ready to take a shower. The girls had kept me hard for almost six hours, so when I came, I came in buckets. I still remember what those beautiful tits of Rebecca's looked like drenched in my cum."
"After that, Patty and I didn't think twice about being naked around each other. That weekend wasn't long after my eighteenth birthday, near the end of my junior year. We moved into this house not long after that, so there've been a lot fewer opportunities."
Mark must have seen something on my face, because he looked under the table and sat up with a grin, saying, "It looks like you're still gonna be distracted at work. How about I help you with that?"
As I walked around the table unfastening my pants, Mark got down on his knees. He went to work with a purpose as he devoured my cock. Within two minutes, he swallowed my load, saving a little that he passed to me in a kiss as he sent me out the door.
Later, as my shift ended and I was getting ready to leave work, I checked my phone and found a text from Mark telling me to bring a pizza. I made the pizza, got the manager to ring me up, and headed home. When I got there, I met Mark and Brian just pulling into the garage.
As we walked in and grabbed plates, chips and drinks to go with the pizza, they filled me in on their day. Brian had volunteered to help his cousin run a soccer camp, and he roped Mark into coming along. The camp was for kids ten and under, so they had a lot of funny stories about watching them try to control a ball that came up above their knees.
After dinner, we watched a movie on the 70-inch TV in the family room. Mark picked a movie called 'Body Heat' from the '80s that his parents liked. It was a good mystery, but it was also sexy as hell. By the time it ended, I knew what I wanted to do.
Brian had the same idea, because he stripped down in the family room, picked up his clothes, and said, "I'll meet you in Marks room." Mark and I both stared at his seven and a half inches waving proudly in front of him as he headed up the steps. I was intrigued to see that his cock, balls and abdomen were hairless.
Mark and I stripped down and sprinted up the stairs after Brian like it was a race. When we got to Mark's room, Brian was waiting inside the door. He grabbed Mark in a tight embrace that pressed their cocks together and gave him a deep kiss. Then he released Mark and did the same to me. As he let go of me, he said, "I'm glad you decided not to keep me waiting."
Moving to the nearest bed, Brian laid down and said, "I'm thinking that none of us are gonna last long right now. How about we take the edge off?"
I didn't need to be asked twice. I jumped onto the bed with my head at Brian's crotch, pushed him over onto his back and plunged my mouth onto his cock.
Mark was a step behind me, so he had to maneuver around to where he could swallow my cock and give Brian access to his. After a few adjustments, the only sounds in the room were the squeaking of the bed from three big bodies moving on it, and the wet slurping sounds of three hungry mouths enthusiastically gobbling three cocks.
As I sucked Brian's cock, I ran my hand over his thigh until I could grab his ass. I squeezed his butt, probing into his crack with my fingers. I was pleasantly surprised when I felt the handle of a butt plug. Brian stopped sucking Mark's cock, eliciting a groan of protest, to say, "Mark showed me the plug you were wearing last night. We decided we like it, so we each bought ourselves one."
I was intrigued, because as far as I knew Mark had never been fucked.
I was the first one to get a prize. I decided to use Brian's new toy to help me. As I ran my fingers through his crack, I stopped to pull on the butt plug every now and then. Each time, I pulled a little harder until I felt it start to pull out of his ass. On the next pull, I withdrew the plug until I could feel his rim start to pucker out. That elicited an approving gasp.
From there, I rammed it back in and then pulled it out to just past the widest part. I fucked his ass with the plug like that for another minute before I heard him snorting like a horse. At the same time, his hips snapped off the bed, driving his pelvis into my face with such force that I felt like I had been slapped. Before I could react, I felt Brian's hot jizz coating my throat.
I slammed the butt plug back into his ass and pulled off slightly so I could enjoy the taste. Brian's cum was very thick and had a sweet taste to it. I swirled my tongue over as much of his cock as I could reach, and I could feel the blood pounding in his veins and the pulsing flow of cum up his shaft as his balls delivered their load. The taste and feeling of his orgasm left me lightheaded. As the initial blasts subsided, I suckled his cock to get the last drops.
As Brian's dick slid from between my lips, I looked down to watch him sucking off Mark. Brian must have liked what I did with his butt plug, because he was doing the same thing to Mark. When Mark felt that, he reached behind me and started tickling and probing my asshole.
I found a tube of lube on the nightstand and squirted some on Mark's finger where he was probing my ring. He slid one finger in, and when I moaned, "That's what I need," he quickly added a second. Within seconds, he found my prostate, triggering my release. He finger-fucked my ass as fast as he could while I pumped my sperm down his throat. As I felt myself clamp down on his fingers it felt like my orgasm was shooting from my ass, through my balls, to my cock and into his mouth.
I noticed that Brian had pulled Mark's butt plug completely out. As Mark rolled onto his back, Brian stopped sucking his cock and reached into the drawer of the nightstand. He first took a tube of lube and applied a large glob to Mark's ass. As Brian worked that in with one hand, he reached back into the drawer with his other hand and pulled out an object that looked like a small, slim police baton with a large knob on the end. He slowly pressed this into Mark's ass, saying, "Let's see how you like your other new toy."
Mark pulled his knees up and out, giving Brian maximum access, as Brian slowly started fucking the baton in and out of Mark's ass. When it became apparent that Mark was accustomed to the toy and was enjoying it, Brian resumed sucking his cock.
Mark groaned, "Yeah!, Suck it hard!"
I saw Brian smile as he began deep throating Mark with a rapid-fire motion. He matched this pace with the speed he was driving the fake cock into Mark's ass. Mark could only hold back for another minute before he started running his hands through Brian's hair, saying "Here's your treat, pal." Then he grabbed Brian's head and held him firmly in place.
I could see Brian's throat working, and he continued to fuck Mark with the probe. Mark was motionless, except for the pulsing of his balls. The cords on his neck and arms stood out and his face was bright red. I think he was holding his breath because his head began bobbing and he let out a loud, "Ah, ah, aaahhh!" Then he was sucking in air as he slowly slumped down on the bed.
After Mark caught his breath, he moved to the head of the bed where Brian and I joined him. I excused myself to use the bathroom, including a thorough anal cleaning in hopes that my ass would get more action tonight than just a fingering. When I returned, I found Mark and Brian under the covers, so I slid in next to them. Mark put a gay porno movie on the screen with the sound turned down low as we all settled down.
Chapter 14: Gay Male - How Brian figured out he's bi
As the movie started, I turned to Brian and asked, "You and Mark have talked about you dating girls, but I've only seen you show interest in guys. So are you gay, or bi?"
Mark looked shocked that I would ask a question like that, but Brian took it in stride, "I'm bi."
"So when did you figure it out?"
Brian didn't hesitate. He said, "The summer after graduation."
Mark asked, "While you were staying at your parent's summer place?"
Brian answered, "Yeah, that's it."
"How did that work," I asked.
Brian explained, "My parents didn't have a lot of money for a graduation present. They had a lot saved in one of those college savings accounts, so most of my college costs are covered, but otherwise money is tight. Since they couldn't afford to buy me a big present, they gave me an allowance and told me the family vacation home up north was mine for the summer."
"You threw a couple of great parties up there that summer," said Mark.
Brian smiled and continued, "The nearest neighbors up there are Robbie and Barry, a gay couple. Robbie was an IT guru who sold his company to Google for eight figures. Barry was his financial advisor who managed to multiply Robbie's money about ten times. They fell in love, retired, and moved into Robbie's vacation home full time."
"I always thought Robbie and Barry were so different from my parents, it was a wonder they were friends. The only obvious thing they had in common was that they're all alumni of State and love State football. None of them ever miss the alumni tailgaters.
"When they found out I was living there for the summer, they stopped in to welcome me and said I could swing by anytime. They said, 'Everyone gets tired of being by themself every now and them.'"
"I took them up on their offer a couple of days later. The only problem was I forgot they're nudists. That's why they lived in such a remote area. They wear clothes when they're expecting guests, but otherwise they go nude."
"Their house sits in the middle of a huge piece of property surrounded by a fence, but they'd put a gate on our side since they're friends with my parents. I let myself through the gate and walked up to the house. When I got there and saw they were naked, my first reaction was to turn and leave."
"Barry saw me and waved me over before I could make my escape. When he saw that I was embarrassed, he said, 'Please stay. If you're not comfortable, we can get dressed.'"
"I hesitated before I said, 'No. I don't want to make you uncomfortable in your own home.'"
"Barry said, 'If you stay, you don't have to take your clothes off. We don't insist on our guests following our customs.'"
"That made me feel a little more relaxed. While I was a little uncomfortable at seeing them naked, I had been more worried they'd expect me to strip. I told him, 'Okay. I'll stay, and I think I'll keep my clothes on.' Then we sat down and talked for a while."
"I started hanging out with them for a while each day and we got to be friends. After the first week I decided to try going nude. They didn't make any comment when I walked up on their porch naked, and the rest of the afternoon was just like normal."
"It hadn't escaped my attention that the two of them were in great shape for a couple of guys in their late forties. They were both kind of hairy, including shoulder length hair and typically three day's growth on their faces. The only place they weren't hairy was their cocks, balls and asses. I should have known what the answer would be, but I asked anyways, 'Why do you shave down their?' and the answer came back, 'So we don't get hair in our teeth.'"
"I was embarrassed, but I was also curious how it would feel. A few days later I asked Barry if he could show me how to shave myself."
"Barry said, 'Sure, come on inside.'"
"We went into the house, and he led me into their bathroom. I felt a little funny, following a gay man into his bedroom, but I had no concern that Barry would try anything."
"Barry got out an electric trimmer, a razor, shaving cream, two towels and a washcloth. He produced an old-fashioned washbasin from somewhere. Then he spread a towel on the floor and told me to stand on it."
"As I moved to the spot he had indicated, Barry plugged in the trimmer and moved to kneel down in front of me. When I asked him what he was doing, he answered, 'You have to trim the hair short before you shave or it will pull like hell and destroy the razor in no time. It's a lot easier to have a friend do the trimming and the initial shave. Once we've got you cleaned up, I'll teach you how to maintain it yourself.'"
"I told him to go ahead, but I jumped the first time he grabbed my cock to get it out of the way of the trimmer. I think Barry sensed that I wasn't comfortable with him touching my penis, because he seemed to make an effort to touch my cock and balls as little as was necessary.
After all my hair had been trimmed as short as the clippers could make it, Barry filled the basin with warm water, draped the second towel and the washcloth over his arm, and carried the basin out into the bedroom, yelling over his shoulder, 'Grab the razor and the shaving cream and follow me.'"
"I did as I was told. When I walked into the bedroom, Barry had moved a small table and chair next to the bed, and set the basin on the table. The towel was laying on the bed with one end draped over the side near the chair. Barry took the razor and shaving cream from me and told me to sit on the towel."
"As I sat on the edge of the bed, Barry sat down in the chair with his face within a foot of my cock. Another fleeting thought about being alone in a bedroom with a gay man passed through my mind."
"Barry told me to scoot back so I could brace my feet on the edge of the bed. As I maneuvered into position, I was blushing at the thought of the view Barry was seeing when he said, 'Right there.' I stopped wiggling my butt around and he positioned my feet so I could feel my ass and balls completely exposed. I was a little embarrassed when I let out a fart, but Barry just laughed and said, 'It happens.'"
"Next I heard the sound of shaving cream squirting from a can, and then I felt a cool tingle as Barry started lathering me up. I jumped again when he wrapped his hand around my shaft before I realized he was just smearing the shaving cream over it.
I grabbed a couple of pillows to prop myself up so I could see what he was doing, then tried to relax as he continued spreading the shaving cream over my balls and in my ass crack. He finished by running his soapy hands all over to make sure he'd covered everything that needed to be shaved and to remove the excess foam. I was embarrassed to realize that I had a hard-on when he was done."
"Barry rinsed his hand in the basin, picked up the razor in his right hand, and pulled my cock down over my balls with his left. He said, 'Okay, let's get started", and when I looked down, I saw the razor poised at the top of my pubic patch. He explained how he was shaving with the grain first, then against the grain to remove any stubble that was left.
He shaved all of the hair around my shaft, then released my cock and shaved the area between my balls and my asshole. The only sound I could hear was the scratch of the razor and my own breathing."
"Up until now, he had only made contact with my cock with the one finger he used to hold it down. Now he made me spread my legs wider as he cupped one of my balls, lifting it away from my thigh so he could shave the crease of my thigh and the base of my ball. He gradually worked his way around my balls, shaving them and the surrounding skin, gently cupping and squeezing my balls as he went."
"Next, he took hold of the head of my shaft, circling it with his thumb and forefinger as he shaved it smooth all the way around."
"The last step was shaving the crack of my ass. Barry told me to pull my knees up to my shoulder and reach down with my hands to pull my cheeks apart. As I started realizing how vulnerable that position was, Robbie walked in and said, 'I love when I come in here and find Barry in that position.'"
"Barry gave him a dirty look, and I turned even redder."
"Barry said, 'Don't mind that old queen. He's actually the bottom.'"
"I wasn't quite sure what that meant, but Robbie mumbled something under his breath and then stood there quietly."
"Barry quickly shaved my crack, then took the washcloth, dampened it, and wiped up the remaining traces of shaving cream. After he dried me with the towel, I started to sit up, but he pushed me back. 'You have to check for stubble or stray hairs by feel,' he said. Then he gently ran his fingers over the entire newly shaved area."
"He apparently found some areas that didn't pass inspection, because he applied more shaving cream and shaved those spots again. When he finished that he called Robbie over to do another inspection. Robbie pronounced me done, so Barry cleaned up the supplies while explaining to me how I could keep myself smooth."
"When we walked outside, Barry said, 'You liked how it felt when I touched you, but you didn't like that I was a guy touching you, right?"
"I was embarrassed to admit he was right."
"Barry asked me why it bothered me. I said, 'Because you're a guy."
"He asked me, 'Did it feel good?'"
"I had to tell the truth, 'Sure, you saw how hard my co..., my penis was.'"
"Barry laughed and said, 'We're talking about sex here. It's not biology class. You can call it a cock, or a dick, or whatever other word you like. Robbie likes the word "rod." So, it felt good, but you didn't like a guy making you feel good.'"
"I thought about it and answered, 'I guess.'"
"Barry said, 'Okay. I assume you wouldn't have minded a girl doing that?' and I said, 'Hell no!'"
"Barry asked me if a guy had ever given me a hug, or a back rub, or put their arm around my shoulder and it made me feel good. He asked me if I would've preferred that a girl gave it to me."
"I saw where he was going, but I didn't know how to answer."
"Then Barry said, 'When someone who cares about you does something to make you feel good, it feels good whether they are a guy or a girl. If two people want to have sex to make each other feel good, it can feel good whether it's with a guy or a girl. A lot of people are wired so that sex with a person of the same gender will never feel right. You don't seem to be one of those people. So for you, it seems that liking it or not liking it because of their gender is a choice you can make. Just like most choices in life, you can only make the right choice if you make it because you're being true to you, not because you think someone else will approve of it. Thus ends the sermon."
"I thought about that for a while, and I spent a lot of time that summer talking to Robbie and Barry to help me figure out where I stood."
"Mark, one of the things I thought about was giving you a hand job. I realized that I didn't regret that, and I had wanted to do it more. That opened my eyes to the idea I might like guys too."
"When they realized I'd decided to keep an open mind, Robbie and Barry introduced me to a guy about my age named Kyle who was staying at another summer place down the road. He was like me, but he was a little further along in figuring out his sexual orientation. We hung out, and we talked about being bi, or gay or straight. Eventually I got to where I was pretty sure I was bi, so we started messing around. It was good, and now I'm sure that I'm bi."
Chapter 15: Gay Male - First time anal for Mark. Ian and Brian get fucked too.
Mark said, "Well, I'm glad you're bi because I like messing around with you. Now, if we can get my sister on the web chat, I think it's time I lost my ass cherry." He turned to me and said, "Brian and I talked while we were waiting for you. We decided you should be the first one to fuck me since you're the one who helped me realize I'm bi, and you got me to reach out to Brian."
Suddenly I was nervous. I'd slept with a couple of girls who were virgins, but in both cases, we had been dating for a while and they didn't have any questions about their sexuality. This seemed like a bigger deal.
As I sorted out my feelings, Mark sent out a web cam invite to Patty, and we watched two ripped studs fucking on screen while one of them ate out a blonde with huge tits.
When Patty answered the invite, we saw her and Clarice as we expected, but they weren't in their room, and they were with another couple. I recognized them as the couple from the minivan.
Patty said, "Hi guys. We went to the discount movie on campus tonight and ran into Bonnie and Mario as we were leaving. Mario asked me when I was taking another road trip so he could start planning their next family vacation. Bonnie punched him, but then said in a stage whisper, 'I got laid twice more that day because of your show.'"
Bonnie and Mario both looked really embarrassed that Patty was telling us this.
"Then Bonnie invited us over. Clarice forgot we had to be back for your call and accepted the invitation. When I tried to make an excuse to back out, Clarice spilled the whole thing. Bonnie said it would be hot to watch, and Mario won't admit it, but he's interested too."
Mario started to protest, but Bonnie shushed him with her finger over his lips.
Clarice, with a smirk on her face, said, "What sealed the deal was when I told Mario that if he didn't like your show, Patty and I would put on a show he was sure to like."
Patty said, "What really sealed the deal was when I said Bonnie would also take part in our show."
On our end, Brian spoke up, saying, "You'd better stay online with that show."
I said, "I'd like a preview of that show right now."
Clarice and Patty smiled at each other and started stripping for the camera. As they stood up, we could see that the four of them were sitting on a large leather sectional sofa, with Bonnie sitting between the other two girls and Mario sitting next to Patty.
As Patty and Clarice's tits came into view, Mario made a major package adjustment. Bonnie looked at each of them, and then stood and started taking off her own clothes. As Bonnie showed everyone her tits, and Patty and Clarice were down to just their panties, the girls stopped and looked at Mario.
Mario looked back and said, "What?"
Bonnie put her hands on her hips and gave him a "mom" look. He tried to evade her stare, but after a minute he stood and slowly started to undress. The girls waited until he was down to his bright blue nylon briefs, and then they hooked their thumbs into their panties and all three pulled them down together.
Bonnie looked good for a mother of two. She had a full-figured build, with C cup tits that had just a tiny bit of sag and huge nipples. On her 5' 7" frame the total package was hot. She had dark eyes and dark hair, with a well-trimmed bush highlighting her pussy.
Mario was also about 5' 7", and he was built like a wrestler with big shoulders and legs and narrow hips. He sat there with his thumbs in his waistband, almost salivating over the girls. His cock was straining against the briefs, making an impressive bulge.
Patty saw him not moving, so she knelt in front of him and yanked his briefs down to his knees. She was surprised when she got hit in the face by a cock that looked like a flesh-colored cucumber. I'd guess it was about average in length, but it was easily three inches across. It was by far the fattest dick I'd seen in my limited experience with other men's hard cocks.
Patty stretched her mouth over the head to try the fit. Her jaws looked like they were straining as she appeared to swipe her tongue around his crown. Mario's eyes got really big when she grabbed his dick, and when she took him in her mouth, he looked like he was going go off at any second. Before that happened, Patty released him and stood up.
After Clarice took her turn giving Mario's tool a taste test, Patty and Clarice each lifted one of Bonnie's breasts and started worshipping her nipples. Bonnie curled her fingers into their hair and stood there with her eyes closed, looking beatific. My mouth started watering when I saw Bonnie's nipples pop up into beautiful, puffy cones. After a bit, Patty stood up and gave Bonnie a deep kiss. Then she moved to Mario and started sucking on his nipples. Clarice took that as an opportunity to make out with Bonnie before joining Patty in giving Mario's muscular torso a tongue bath.
Bonnie watched the three of them for a second, then she knelt down and started licking her husband's shaft. The girls continued for about thirty more seconds, then sat back down and Patty said, "There's your preview."
By then, Mark, Brian and I were all laying on the bed with our cocks in hand. When Patty made her announcement, Brian took charge.
Laying down on his back with the side camera selected, Brian said, "Mark, come here," indicating that he should get on top in the sixty-nine position. As Mark straddled Brian's head and fed him his cock, I noticed that Brian had angled his body so that our audience could see the cock sucking action and see Mark's ass.
When Mark bent down and took Brian's cock into his mouth, I moved behind him and began tonguing his balls. Mark's balls hang down low and loose, and are about the size of a giant gumball. I think I like sucking and licking them as much as he likes me to do it.
As I sucked one of Mark's balls into my mouth, I was kneading his butt, separating his cheeks and showing everyone the handle of the plug. I released Marks balls from my mouth and began tonguing my way up between his parted thighs towards his crack.
When I reached the plug handle, I detoured to give his cheeks a tongue bath as I began gently tugging at the handle. Since Brian had used it to fuck Mark's ass earlier, I was able to move it in and out easily. I gradually worked it out of his ass, relubricated it and reinserted it. Once it was firmly seated, I began fucking his ass with long, slow strokes, pulling the plug out until the tip was just resting against his hole, and then pushing it in until the handle was snug against his rim.
I pulled the plug completely out and stuck my tongue in his ass for a moment. Then I pulled it out and circled his hole, watching it slowly close tight. After a few seconds of that Mark groaned, "That feels great, dude, but I'm ready."
I decided to tease him, "Ready for what?"
Mark let out another groan and said, "Stop teasing dude. You know what I want. Put your cock in my ass and fuck me!"
I took a second to lube my cock, and then I pressed the tip to his hole. Pausing there, I asked again, "What do you want?"
Mark lunged back, impaling himself on two inches of my cock. He let out an audible gasp that sounded like, "Ahh, yeah!" and then he said clearly, "Now fuck my ass! I need your cock!"
I heard Patty say, "That is hot little brother."
I looked at the screen, and the three girls had their legs intertwined. Bonnie was fingering both of the other girl's clits. Clarice was sucking on one of Bonnie's nipples and playing with the other. Patty was fingering Bonnie and stroking Mario's cock.
I pulled my cock out so that just the head was still in Mark's ass, rubbed more lube onto the shaft, and drove my hips forward. I wanted to bury my whole length in Mark with one stroke, but I took it slow knowing this was his first time.
Mark had other ideas. As he felt me press into him, he snapped his hips back, and I was instantly in to the hilt. Mark said, "That's the way to fuck!" and started snapping his hips back and forth.
I decided that if that's what he wanted, that's what I'd give him. As he drove his ass onto my cock, I grabbed his hips and slammed my cock home, matching his pace. The smooth, tight glide of Mark's ass engulfing my shaft and the slap of his balls at the end of every stroke had all of my attention focused on where we were joined together.
As we settled in, I looked back at the screen. Patty was riding Mario in the reverse cowgirl position while Clarice and Bonnie were laying on the floor doing a sixty-nine.
Although Mark had been a tender lover the night before, I could tell that tonight he just wanted to fuck, so I slammed my cock into him, making a loud slap with each stroke. Brian did his best to keep sucking Mark's cock, but it was a losing battle, and Mark had long since forgotten about Brian. Brian slid out from under and sat idly stroking his cock.
I tried to stroke Mark's cock, but it broke our rhythm so I concentrated on meeting Mark stroke for stroke. Very soon, I felt the cum start bubbling up my shaft. I tried to tell Mark, but he said, "That's what I want. Give me your cum."
A few seconds later, he got his wish. I made three more jerking thrusts, then I grabbed his hips tightly, slammed my cock to the bottom of his hole, and held him there while I filled his gut with my cum. Mark said, "I can feel that. Man, your cock is jumping in my ass, and your jizz is so hot. Oooh, yeah!."
I held my cock in his ass until it went limp and plopped out. As it did, Mark rolled over on his back. I looked at his stiff cock, and Brian's, and said, "Looks like my lucky day. Two hard cocks to play with."
Brian said, "Glad to help with that", and crawled over to lick my ass.
I heard Mario say, "That fag shit is pretty hot to watch."
When I looked at the screen, I saw Mario and Patty slumped on the sofa. Bonnie was between Patty's legs, eating the creampie that Mario had left there, and Clarice was licking Mario's cock clean.
Patty said to Mario, "I bet after a weekend with those guys, you'd think is was hot doing a lot more than watching."
My ass must have been loose, because Brian started working lube into it just then. In no time, he had three fingers up my ass, and I felt him lubing up his cock.
I decided to put on a show for Mario. I looked at Brian and said, "I can't wait for your fat cock. I loved swallowing that huge load of hot cum you gave me earlier. Now I hope you last for an hour. I want to feel my ass squeeze your hot knob and every vein on that long fuck stick. Are you ready to fill my hungry ass?"
Brian picked up on the game, "I've been waiting all day to ram your slutty ass. I want to feel my balls slap into yours. When that happens, you'll know they still have plenty of jizz to flood your man pussy. Maybe Mark will help me tag-team you so we can go all night. Then you'll remember the man loving you got for the rest of the week. Ready or not, my cock isn't waiting anymore."
As he said that, Brian pushed his cock head into my ass, paused for a second, and then drove his whole length into me. Pausing again for just a second, he fucked me for half a dozen strokes using a moderately fast pace, and then stopped with half of his cock showing. He squirted more lube on his shaft, then took two slow strokes before pounding me the way I had pounded Mark.
I heard Clarice say, "Mario, why don't you fuck my ass so you can pretend you're fucking one of the boys."
Mario looked angry, but then he saw Bonnie rimming Clarice. As he moved towards Clarice, Patty stopped him so she could lube his cock while Bonnie slid two lubed fingers into Clarice's ass and began slowly finger fucking her.
Clarice got down on her knees facing sideways to the camera. Brian and I shifted to the same position. Brian waited for Mario to sink his cock all the way into Clarice's ass before resuming his pounding. Mario had his eyes glued to the screen as he matched our pace exactly.
I said to Clarice, "Mario's cock is so fat. How does it feel?"
Clarice answered, "Fuckin' awesome!"
Suddenly, Brian pulled out and said, "I'm right there. Why don't you take a turn, Mark."
Mark quickly knelt behind me and slid his cock home, picking up the same pace Brian had used.
I was surprised, because I could feel my cock stirring. Brian notice too. He laid under me and positioned his mouth so that as Mark slammed into me, my cock fucked his mouth. Within a minute I was hard.
Brian called time out. He quickly pulled the plug out of his ass, and pointed out, "I'm the only one who hasn't had his ass filled." As he said this, he pulled a chair in front of the camera and leaned over the back. Mark and I saw what he wanted, and Mark pulled his cock out of my ass.
I stood behind Brian and smoothly slid my cock into his ass. Mark took a second to refocus the camera, and then he slid his cock back into my ass. We took a couple of seconds to get in synch, but then I was getting my ass slammed by Mark and slamming my cock into Brian.
I could see on the screen that Brian's cock was purple and dripping a steady stream of precum onto the floor. I also saw Mario slamming Clarice's ass. He was muttering a steady stream of comments about how hot we looked and how he wanted to see cum dripping out of our cocks and assholes. Bonnie, meanwhile, was eating out Patty again.
Brian reached down and stroked his cock in time with our fucking. A few seconds later, I saw a huge rope of cum shoot out onto the floor as his ass began to squeeze and knead my cock with an intense grip. I had to fight to continue stroking in and out. The intense tightness milked my load into Brian's ass within four more strokes. I felt like something was pulling the contents of my balls into his ass. As my own ass gripped Marks cock, he slammed into me once more and I felt his cum bathing my insides in warmth.
I said, "Mario, When I felt Brian's ass squeezing and massaging my cock as he came, it was like no pussy you've ever fucked. And cumming with a cock slamming into your ass is like no other orgasm. Now Mark is pumping his jizz into my ass, and his cum feels like a hot oil massage. Try to imagine what I'm feeling."
On the screen, Bonnie was behind Mario, rubbing a finger in his crack. As we watched, she pushed her finger into Mario's ass in a familiar move and found his prostate. His hips shot forward like she had slapped him on the ass, and he yelled out, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!"
As Bonnie shove her finger into Mario's ass, Patty, who had been pulling and tweaking Clarice's nipples suddenly slapped both her tits right across the nipples: four slaps in quick succession. Clarice came like Patty had flipped a switch, screaming, "Do it again! Patty, do it again!"
Patty slapped her twice more as Mario held her ass tight to his hips.
As they separated, I could see that everyone on both ends of the video feed looked tired. Patty insisted that all of the mandatory cleanup be done. Surprisingly, Bonnie licked Mario's cock clean and Mario cleaned his sperm out of Clarice's asshole. When Patty mentioned all of us getting together, both Bonnie and Mario said they'd like to. Then we all said good night and cut the video link.
As Mark, Brian and I were getting ready for bed, I said to Mark, "You were really eager to get your ass fucked."
Mark gave a shy grin and admitted, "I've had fantasies about it for a while. When I found out I liked having my asshole tickled and poked, I started looking for more of those videos. It went from ass fingering videos to strap-on videos, and then to full on gay ass fucking videos. I probably never would have asked anyone to fuck me, but when you guys gave me the chance, I had to take it."
Brian and I both told him we'd love to help him out with that anytime. Then we kissed each other and spooned together on Mark's bed. We were asleep in seconds.