I was playing poker online against a couple of friends. We were playing for real money, and were down to just me and Steve, as Jason had gone bust. We were teleconferencing so we could trash talk each other while we played, so when there was a knock at the door, I told them I'd just be a minute.
I opened the door, and it was Rachel. She was wearing a baseball cap, a short denim skirt and a bikini top, and looked cute.
"Come in," I said, "I'm playing poker on the computer."
She dropped her bag and took her shoes off. As she came through into the living room, she said "oh, we could turn it in to like strip poker, and I'll undress if you win."
"I'm up for that," said Steve over the computer speakers. "Video time!"
Rachel jumped.
"I didn't realize you were playing real people," she said.
"But you're still going to strip off?" asked Jason.
"Um, sure."
"Hang on a minute," I said, "I need to set up the camera so you guys can see this."
I got my webcam, and plugged it into my laptop, and pointed it towards the front of the room.
"Can you guys see that?"
"Yes," said Steve.
"OK, guys, meet Rachel."
She went and stood in front of the camera, and I had her step back until she was framed nicely. She looked nervous. I started recording, and went back to the game. Rachel stood there waiting to see what was going to happen. I put on some music on the laptop, quietly, and she started swaying to it.
Steve's really hard to play against, as he's unpredictable. He'll bluff a lot, but he has a tendency to call often, so you can't often bluff him back, which is annoying.
For my first hand, I was dealt trash, but I wanted to get the party started so I bet big. Steve folded.
"You win," he said, and Rachel unbuttoned her skirt. She didn't take it off yet, but swayed and turned around with her fingers in the waistband, just showing us the top of her white panties.
I started the next hand with a pair of tens, so I bet on it, and Steve called. I threw out three cards, as did he, so it would come down to who had the higher pair of cards. We both checked, and he had a pair of tens as well, but with a king, so he won. Rachel carried on dancing, still wearing her skirt.
For the next hand I had nothing, and Steve opened with a bet, so I folded.
I got a couple of picture cards, and we both checked. When we'd swapped cards, he won with a king high.
I was one card short of a straight, then ended up with a pair of eights. I bet on that, and Steve folded.
"You win," he said, and Rachel pulled her skirt down to mid thigh. We could see her panties fully now, but she hadn't dropped the skirt yet.
I got a pair of tens and bet. Steve called, and we swapped cards. I still had a pair of tens, but he bet big. I thought he was bluffing, but he had more money in his pot than me, so I folded.
I pulled a pair of kings, and bet, but Steve folded.
"You win," he said, and Rachel dropped her skirt so she was in her bikini top and panties. And her hat. I thought she'd forgotten that, but I wasn't going to mention it. She kicked the skirt out of the way and kept on swaying to the music.
I ended up with a pair of threes and bet, Steve called and had a pair of nines.
"Chris, if you go on like this, we'll never see Rachel's charms," Jason taunted me.
Rachel looked like she'd be fine with that, but carried on swaying to the music.
I got a pair of fours and bet, and Steve folded.
"You win."
Rachel let the bikini straps fall down her shoulders.
We had a couple of hands where I got nothing and Steve bet, so I was folding, and then I got a pair of kings. I bet, Steve folded.
"You win."
"You're not giving me a chance to get any money out of you," I joked.
"I'm determined to stay in long enough to see her naked," he said.
Rachel took off her bikini top, so now she was topless. Her nipples were hard, so she was already pretty turned on.
I got a pair of fives and a pair of fours, and bet. Steve, again, folded.
"You win."
Rachel pulled her panties down a little, and swayed around with her thumbs in the waist band. She'd pulled them down far enough that you could see she was shaved, and her butt crack.
We had a couple more hands where Steve just bought the pot by betting when I had nothing, and then I bet on a pair of sixes and he called. He had a pair of fours, but I think he was just checking to see if I'd started bluffing.
"You win."
Rachel pulled her panties down to her knees, but stayed sideways on to the camera so they couldn't actually see anything.
I bet on a pair of eights, Steve raised and I called. He took my money with his three queens.
I bet on a pair of kings and a pair of fives, and Steve raised big. I went all in, and I heard Steve's intake of breath - he hadn't expected that. He had a pair of eights and a pair of threes, so I won a bunch and was back in the lead.
"You win, you lucky bastard. I haven't enjoyed losing this much before though," he said.
Rachel stepped out of her panties, then took the hat off and put it over her pussy before turning to face the camera with a big grin on her face.
I heard Jason laugh, and a muttered curse from Steve. Another hand. I got a pair of threes and bet, and he called. When we swapped cards, I got another three, and bet big. He folded.
"You win."
Rachel dropped the hat, and stood there on show. She put her arms out, and gave us a twirl. Steve and Jason hooted and hollered their encouragement.
"Gentlemen," I said, "I think we'll have to cash out now, as I think the lady wants to play, and who am I to say no?"
"I can be there in thirty minutes," said Steve.
"With or without your wife?" I asked. We both knew he wasn't coming over.
We said our goodbyes and I signed off and shut everything down.