I see you laying there. Your breathing is light and slow as you sleep peacefully. You are wearing the long tank top I got you for our anniversary. I remember running my fingers down your chest between your breasts as far as the low neckline would allow me, then back up to your chin. You always giggle when I touch you like that. Just so I could hear your joyous sounds, I am tempted to caress you like that right now, but I don't want to disturb your slumber. Besides, your nipples are attempting to pierce the thin fabric of the tank top and I would much rather be giving them my attention.
When I got you the tank top, I had it made in a custom length that would extend down your tall frame to just barely reach your mid thighs. The back of the tank would hug your butt cheeks tight enough to give me the option of giving you a loving spank or pinch through the material. I watched as it hugged your curves while you cooked dinner earlier this evening. When you bent over to rummage in a low drawer, I enjoyed the view of the hem riding up your hips and revealing that you weren't wearing anything underneath. Your movements as you sleep have rolled the bottom of the tank over your hips and show me now that you are still wearing nothing other than the long shirt. You sigh now in a similar way to each time I would spoon up against you, cupping a breast in my palm or running a hand down your side and over your hip.
I smiled and laughed at the dance you did while you cleaned up after dinner. The MP3 player in the stereo system was set to shuffle and you didn't miss a step or a beat as it shifted from one song style to another. Once the dishes were in the dishwasher and the counters were clean, you twirled and glided over to the stereo and changed the music to something softer and smoother. Your dance steps became more slow and sensual as you got into the groove of the tunes. Your hands slid up from your hips and into the air, accenting strong hits of the song. You twisted the shirt and raised it enough to tease a view of your recently trimmed pubic hair, but dropped it before truly revealing that treasured sight to me. Your hips swing and dip while you swing your long hair back and forth. Flesh is revealed then hidden again here and there all over your body.
You turned the music up a little and moved to the couch. You laid yourself out and continued to move sensually on your back. Your hands caress your body more and more. You squeeze one breast through the tank top and pinch your nipple as it quickly becomes firm. Your other hand slipped between your closed legs and your fingers traced up and down your inner thighs. You closed your eyes and I became aroused as I saw you touching yourself in all the places I would touch you. I silently sat and observed you as you brought yourself more and more joy.
You opened your legs and the tank top rode up and gave me a clear view of your most intimate areas. Your fingers began to dance up your thighs like you had danced across the floor earlier. I watched intently as you used two fingers to spread yourself open. A faint glistening showed that you were starting to be aroused. You pulled one of the shoulder straps down and unleashed one of your breasts. You began to tease your exposed nipple with one hand while the other touched your clit in the same manner.
You moaned softly as your body reacted to the caresses and pressure of your fingers in both places at once. You slid two fingers inside your dripping recesses, shifting your hips to try and drive them deeper inside you. A pleasant sigh I had heard numerous times escaped your lips. I continued watching as your fingers became coated in your juices. You moved them in and out slowly, your palm pressing tight against your clit as you filled yourself as much as you could with the two fingers.
After a few tender moments of slowly feeling yourself from the inside, you added a third finger and began to grunt as you thrust your hand harder and faster into yourself. You released your strained nipple and used the fingers of your second hand to rub furiously on your clit. Your grunts became louder, nearly drowning out the music despite the increased volume on the stereo. My own arousal became more intense as your legs stiffened up and your hands moved more quickly. I could see your breasts bouncing as I focused on hands and the pleasure they brought you. I could see your fingers flexing as you held them inside you. Your other hand was completely still as your fingers pressed and rubbed your sensitive and swollen clit. Your body tensed, your legs locked out straight and spread wide, you screamed with ultimate pleasure as your hands froze in place, pressing hard against you inside and out.
It was everything I could do to not join you there on the couch. So many times I'd felt you clench around me, your arms squeezing me to your body as we shared the orgasmic bliss. This time, I simply watched as you rose from the couch and adjusted your tank top to cover yourself up again top and bottom. With a smile of some satisfaction, you strolled into the bedroom and crawled into bed. Now I watch you sleep peacefully. Now that you are comfortably in dreamland, I know my time watching you is done. With much regret, I return to the place where my physical body lays in its eternal slumber.