Zach pulled his pants on and did his belt. Tonight, he and Amy were going to meet their friends Matthew, Reid, Sandy, and their respective girlfriends, Alyssa, Caity, and Jessica, for dinner at Outback Steakhouse, Amy's favorite restaurant. Amy was in the bathroom, fresh out of the shower. She had just pulled on her panties, her hair wrapped in a fuzzy white towel. The room smelled of shampoo and the mirror was still steamy from the heat of the shower, she couldn't see her reflection. Her thoughts were drifting, she was excited to see everybody tonight. It had been a while since she'd scene Matthew and Alyssa, they'd both been busy with work.
She reached for her bra when she felt a hand strongly grip her left butt cheek. She felt Zach's body lean into her and felt his head on her shoulder. Zach turned and kissed her neck, pressing his hardening erection into her. She felt her breath quicken and grabbed onto Zach's hand as he reached and squeeze her breasts from behind, rubbing her nipple with his fingers.
He kissed his way back down her neck as she began to turn around. Before she turned around completely, he walked out of the room and continued getting ready to leave. Amy was already breathing hard and she had felt herself get wet. She wanted him badly. She could see Zach's stomach outside the door as he put his shirt on, his abs showing prominently. She wanted to run her hands over them so badly, the whole night he'd be dying to make love to him.
The mirror had cleared up now and she noticed her skin had flushed. She finished getting ready and met Zach in the foyer of their house. Zach smiled at her, "You look beautiful baby girl, are you ready to go?" Amy was wearing yoga pants, her butt and her legs showing prominently through the tight fabric. She had on her favorite Iggy Azalea shirt. Zach was wearing slim grey jeans and a v-neck, tucked into the front part of his belt.
She returned his smile and nodded, "You look amazing too, baby."
Zach opened the door for her and placed his hand on the small of her back, guiding her outside to the car as it was dark out. He opened her door and glanced at her ass as she sat in the car. Amy caught his gaze and gave him a seductive smile, Zach returned it and closed the door. He walked over to his side, got in, and started the car.
She placed her hand on his leg and they talked about their friends and how excited they were to see them tonight. Every so often, they'd catch each other gazing longingly at parts of their bodies. As they pulled into the parking lot, Amy notice Zach stealing a glance at her breasts. He was biting his lip subconsciously for the split-second he looked and he didn't notice Amy saw him looking but this turned her on badly. She wanted to have sex with him right then and there, he had drove her crazy in the bathroom earlier before they left and he was continuing to arouse her with his glances and his lip-bites.
Zach got out of the car and walked around to Amy's side to open her door for him. He took her hand and they walked inside together. Everybody else was already there, sitting and waiting. They were greeted loudly by Alyssa and Matthew, they were both very outgoing people. Handshakes and hugs were exchanged. One of the hostesses then took everybody and escorted them to their table. The restaurant was filled, noise of people's conversations filled the air and smells of delicious food wafted through the establishment.
As they were walking, Zach reached over and took hold of Amy's ass. Reid and Caity were walking behind them but close enough that they would've had to have been looking straight down to notice, and they blocked the view of anyone behind the group. Amy felt her breath quicken again and looked at Zach, but Zach stared straight ahead as if his hand fingers weren't gripping his girlfriend's ass. They got to their table and Zach let go and sat down after Amy, scooting into the booth to allow people to sit down.
Their hostess smiled and handed out the menus. Their waiter came by and introduced himself, his name was Jeremy. He took drink orders, Zach ordering a beer and water and Amy ordering a Coke.
Everyone began talking and catching up.
"Hey guys, have you seen the movie Frozen?" Matthew asked, grinning wildly. Alyssa rolled her eyes. "I know it's a kid's movie but it's actually really good."
"Yeah, I have!" Amy said, smiling, "I made Zach watch it with me!"
Zach smiled and said, "It was alright, the singing was good but I wasn't that into it."
The conversations continued, drifting from things like movies and TV shows to work and so on and so forth. The waiter took their food orders and everyone continued talking. Amy was listening to Reid talk about the novel he was writing, a science-fiction post- apocalyptic zombie book. While Reid was explaining the basic premise for the book, Zach grabbed Amy's hand by her wrist. He slowly moved it from her lap, over her thighs, and to his leg. He glanced at her quickly and they made eye contact. He had the slightest smile displayed across his lips and then turned back and listened to Reid talk about his story. Amy felt her heart begin to beat faster. She scooted over a little closer to Zach and slowly moved her arm from his thighs closer to his crotch.
She stole a glance at where her hand was heading. She noticed his jeans were tented in just the location she hoped they were. She slowly crept her hand closer, savoring the anticipation she knew Zach was feeling. She glanced over at Zach and saw he was holding back a smile as he listened to Reid talk about the zombies in his book. Finally, her hand reached the bulge in his pants. Her breathing quickened and she felt her face flush as she felt the hardness underneath Zach's pants. She slowly took hold of Zach's penis, feeling it through his pants, savoring the feeling of it in her fingers. She grabbed it softly at first, increasing her pressure gradually. As she wrapped her hands around it harder, she could feel Zach squirm a little in his seat - he was enjoying the feeling of his girlfriend playing with his cock while at dinner with friends. Amy couldn't hold it anymore and she full on grabbed it through his pants and began to stroke it slowly. She rubbed back and forth, pulling the tight fabric forward and backwards over her boyfriend's throbbing erection. Zach leaned back in his seat a little bit, breathing harder and his faced flushed. He was trying his best to hide the feelings of pleasure he was in because of the hand job he was receiving through is pants. He was incredibly turned on. He wasn't focused on Reid's story anymore, he couldn't pay attention. The only thing he was pay attention to was his girlfriend's hand sliding back and forth over his dick.
Amy tried to act like she was paying attention to everybody, she asked questions that, while pertaining to the topic at hand, were extremely simple. She was too turned on to think straight. She could feel herself getting wetter and wetter, she wanted Zach inside of her so badly. Her skin was constantly flushing but the lighting of the restaurant hid this fairly well. She continued to pump Zach slowly through his pants, enjoying the fact that she was giving her boyfriend immense pleasure.
Their food arrived and she took her hand off of his penis. They exchanged a quick glance, appreciating the fact that only they knew what was happening and how much they were enjoying it. Everyone ate their food and continued to talk and Zach and Amy fully rejoined the conversation. Zach was eating faster than everyone else though and Amy noticed then. Everybody was, at the most, half done with their food when Zach had finished.
"You're already done?" Sandy exclaimed, noticing Zach's empty plate.
"Yeah, I was hungry," said Zach, "and this food is so good!"
"I agree, " said Jessica, smiling, "this food is fantastic. We should all come here more often!"
Everyone agreed and continued eating. Zach leaned back a bit again. Amy eyed his crotch and noticed he was hard again, but before she could react, she could feel Zach's hand on her thigh. A smile broke across her lips and her heart pounded in her chest. She continued to eat and talk while Zach slowly moved his hand closer to its destination. He rubbed her thigh slowly, and crept closer to where her vagina was. His fingers brushed against the spot and he noticed it was slightly wet. Christ, she is so fucking turned on, Zach thought, that makes two of us. He began to slowly rub Amy's vagina and clit through her pants, massaging them gently with his fingers. He extended and retracted his fingers, gliding them up and down over the fabric, feeling her get wetter and wetter. Amy's skin flushed constantly, she was breathing harder but no one noticed over all the noise of the restaurant. Zach moved his fingers in a circular motion, slowly at first, pressing into the fabric slightly. He moved them back and forth, up and down, and then in a circular motion again.
Amy began to squirm in her seat. It felt good. She tried to calm herself down before anyone noticed but Reid, who was sitting next to her, noticed her squirming and quietly asked her if she was okay. Reid didn't notice Zach's hand in Amy's crotch. Zach noticed Reid talking to Amy, but instead of stopping, he began to rub faster. He rubbed her clit through her pants in a circular motion, alternating the pressure with his fingers and gradually increasing his speed. Amy could hardly take it. She was in immense pleasure, she wanted to moan her boyfriend's name. Her vagina was begging for her boyfriend's cock. She wanted him inside of her. She quickly told Reid that she was fine, just couldn't get comfortable and changed the subject. Zach slowed down a bit, down to a more moderate pace. He continued for a few more minutes, enjoying the pleasure he was giving his girlfriend and relishing the fact that he was making her so horny even though she was surrounded by friends.
The waiter dropped the check by and everyone sorted out who was paying. They finished their conversations and got up to leave. Amy and Zach both couldn't wait to get home. Amy was dying to have her boyfriend's cock in her mouth, she could still feel how wet she was and Zach's penis was still trying to break out of his pants. Everyone walked outside and started exchanging their goodbyes. Zach realized he would have to hug Jessica and Alyssa and Caity with his throbbing erection. He glanced at Amy who laughed to herself, realizing her boyfriend's situation. Zach leaned in to give each of them a hug, but hunched his back slightly so his erection didn't press into them. He and Amy started walking to their car and waved to everybody.
Zach walked Amy to their car. He walked her around to her side as if he was going to open her door but instead, he leaned into her and pressed her up against the car. She leaned back but grinded her hips into him, feeling his weight pressing against her. She reached down and squeezed his erection through his pants. Zach reached up under her shirt and massaged her breasts, rubbing her nipples through her bra, feeling them harden between his fingers. She started gasping and her boyfriend ran his hands over her body. She felt his cock pressing into her and started to massage it gently, lifting her left leg up and wrapping it around him slightly. He reached down and held her thigh up and began kissing her neck. She moaned, her mouth open slightly. Zach reached down and started massaging her clit through her pants, causing her to close her eyes and throw her head back in pleasure. She grabbed onto his cock and massaged harder, squeezing him and tugging on his erection.
Zach kissed his way to her ear and whispered into it, "I want you so fucking bad baby girl." As he said this, he started rubbing her clit harder, twirling his fingers and sliding them up and down the fabric of her yoga pants. Amy wrapped her arms around him and grabbed onto him, grinding herself into him more and feeling his erection pressed into him. She moaned into his ear loudly, gasping for breath, "I'll suck you off while you drive us home."
Zach rubbed her clit a little more and kissed his way to her lips, slipping his tongue inside her mouth for a second and running it lightly across her lips. He ran his hands through her hair and caressed her face slightly as he gave her a final kiss, and then departed, walking to his side of the car. He opened the door and sat down, fumbling with the keys for a second before shoving them into the ignition. He turned them and the engine roared to life. They buckled their seatbelts and Zach began backing out of the parking spot. Amy turned towards him and started undoing his belt. She could feel his cock trying to push out of his jeans. She undid the button and unzipped them, reaching into his pants and trying to get her boyfriend's cock through his underwear. She finally got it through and a smile broke across her lips. She wrapped her hands around it and gave it a slight tug, causing Zach to squirm in his seat. Precum was sliding down his shaft. She pulled his cock towards him and slowly licked the precum off, moaning slightly. She held onto the base of his cock with her left hand, squeezing slightly as she directed it into her mouth. She moved her right hand into his pants and found his balls through his underwear, squeezing them softly at first but then massaging them more tightly. Zach let out a slight moan and she did this.
"Slide my cock into your mouth," Zach begged her.
Amy moaned as she slowly wrapped her lips around the head of his cock, running her tongue along the slit, tasting his precum and his pleasure. She slowly slid his erection further and further into her mouth, feeling him squirm in ecstasy as her wet, warm mouth surrounded his cock. Zach took one hand off the wheel and brushed Amy's hair out of her eyes. He ran his fingers through her long, brown hair, pressing her down onto his cock, listening to her moan as he filled her mouth with his hardon. She bobbed her head up and down, sliding him in and out of her mouth, pumping him with her hand. She tightly massaged and squeezed his balls through his underwear. Zach began to moan as his cock burned with pleasure. It sent electricity through is entire body every time she took all of him into her mouth. Amy savored her boyfriend's ecstasy and enjoyed the feeling of him squirming as she sucked him off.
"Make me cum you fucking slut," Zach commanded her as he pulled into their driveway, " suck the cum out of my cock for me."
Amy moaned and bobbed her head up and down faster, squeezing his balls tightly and massaging the base of his cock. Zach threw his head back and moaned, "I'm cumming Amy, I'm cumming oh fuck I'm cumming." He moaned her name loudly and thrusted his cock upwards as he pressed his girlfriend's head down onto his cock, filling her mouth with his cum. She twirled her tongue around the head, feeling him throb and spasm inside of her. Zach shook in ecstasy as stream after stream filled his lover's mouth. Finally, he finished his climax. He sighed loudly and ran his hand through Amy's hair again, brushing a few stray stands out of her eyes. Amy made sure to swallow all of it and then proceeded to lick the remaining semen off her boyfriend's softening penis.
"Did you like that, baby?" she asked, smiling.
Zach looked at his girlfriend, who was now sitting up next to him. He grabbed her and pulled her close, kissing her and caressing her face, running his left hand through her hair. "Yes baby, " he breathed in between kisses. Zach pulled back and got out of the car. Amy grabbed her purse and followed. Zach unlocked their house and walked inside. Amy dropped her purse in the foyer and took hold of her boyfriend's hand. Zach led her into their family room and threw her onto the couch.
"Spread your legs for me, slut." Zach commanded.
Amy complied, spreading her legs for him. Zach got on his knees in front of the couch, placing his hands on his girlfriend's thighs.
Amy pulled off her shirt, revealing her breasts, hidden only by her bra. Zach reached up and ran his hands over her smooth skin. He took one breast in each hand and squeezed while kissing up her belly, rising up a bit as he kissed higher. He undid Amy's bra and threw it onto the floor behind them, revealing her breasts, her nipples pointing outwards, erect. Zach took each one between the thumb and index finger of his hands. He massaged them gently as Amy arched her back slightly and moaned. Zach leaned up and kissed Amy's neck, still massaging her breasts. He kissed his way down, passing over her collar bones, and began kissing all over her breasts while he massaged them. He took her left nipple into his mouth and flicked his tongue over it, savoring the moans that came out of her mouth. He began to suckle it gently, massaging it with his tongue and rubbing her other nipple with his fingers. He began to kiss his way to her other nipple and took that one into his mouth, sucking it. As he suckled on her nipple, he reached down and slowly rubbed Amy's vagina through her panties.
Zach grabbed her panties and pulled them off. Amy extended her legs so her panties could slide off of her. "Now spread your legs for me, baby," Zach said.
Amy spread her legs and ran her hand through Zach's hair and he leaned in. He kissed her breasts and moved down her belly, planting kisses as he went. He kissed down between her thighs and slowly kissed each thigh, alternating back and forth, getting closer and closer to her vagina every kiss. Amy was squirming around, holding onto Zach's hair and arching her back. "Eat me out," she begged, dying for Zach to actually eat her out. Zach continued to kiss closer and closer, reaching up and squeezing her breasts with his hands as he teased her. Finally, Zach gave her what she wanted. He licked from the bottom of her vagina to the top, slowly, tasting her and feeling her throb in ecstasy underneath his tongue. Amy let out a long moan as her boyfriend ran his tongue over her vagina, running his hands through his hair and he tasted her. Zach ran his tongue along her lips and up to her clit, gently twirling his tongue around it and then sucking on it slowly, sending waves of pleasure throughout Amy's body. Zach opened his mouth slightly as pressed up against her vagina, using his entire mouth to apply pressure and suck on her vagina, darting his tongue along her clit.
Amy began to moan louder and breath hard, "Yes baby, oh fuck yes, you're making me feel amazing," she moaned.
Zach began to slide his fingers inside of her and he sucked on and massaged her clit with his tongue. Zach slid two fingers inside of her and rubbed back and forth and he slid them in and out of her, massaging her g-spot. Amy curled her toes and arched her back, grinding her pussy against her lover's mouth. She moaned his name as waves of ecstasy flowed throughout her body. Her clit was burning with pleasure as Zach reached up and rubbed it with his fingers, darting his tongue against it, teasing her with it and he massaged with his fingers. Amy could feel her heart pounding in her chest as her body throbbed and her skin flushed, she moaned over and over and pressed her vagina against his mouth and she played with his hair. Zach began to fuck her with his fingers harder, he ran his tongue over her vagina and massaged her clit with it.
"Oh fuck Zach you're gonna make me cum," she screamed in ecstasy. Amy's legs began to shake as her clit burned with pleasure, her body throbbed and squirmed as her boyfriend pleasured her. "I'm cumming Zach," she moaned as her body erupted in orgasm. She shook and trembled with pleasure as Zach slid his fingers in and out of her and sucked on her clit. She moaned his name over and over, she couldn't keep still. She was in complete and utter ecstasy. Finally her orgasm subsided and she collapsed onto the couch, completely out of breath.
Amy sighed, completely out of breath. She looked down at her boyfriend who was still kneeling between her legs.
"Kiss me," she said, "I want to taste me on your lips."
Zach complied. He slowly kissed up her thighs, up her belly, passing over her breasts, kissing up her neck, and to her lips. His tongue slipped into her mouth, and her tongue into his, and they passionately kissed. Zach reached down and delicately rubbed her vagina, which was still sensitive from her explosive climax. Every time his fingers passed over Amy's clit, she let out a faint moan. She reached down and caressed Zach's cock, which was still hard. She gently tugged on it, stroking it back and forth, and reaching down farther to massage his balls. Her pussy was still wet as she began to stroke faster, causing moans to escape Zach's mouth in-between kisses.
"I want to be inside you so badly," Zach said, caressing Amy's face and massaging her breasts, toying with her nipples, "I want you so fucking bad."
"Then take me, baby," Amy moaned, tugging on his cock, a small grin spreading across her lips, "I'm all yours." She rotated and laid down on her back, spreading her legs open for Zach to enter her. Zach climbed on top of her and aligned his cock with her opening, massaging her clit more with his finger. He kissed from Amy's lips to her neck and then to her breasts, taking one of her hard pink nipples into his mouth, his tongue darting back and forth over it. He suckled it gently as he rubbed his cock ever-so-slightly against her vagina. He moved it up and down, feeling her wetness on the head of his erection. She moaned, her anticipation burning like a roaring fire at this point. Her pussy was begging to be filled, she needed Zach inside of her.
Zach kissed her more, toying with her clit. Then, he slowly pressed his hardness into her. Slowly, his cock slid inside her. And electric shock went throughout Amy's entire body. She quivered with pleasure under Zach's weight, whimpering in ecstasy.
"Fuck me," she said.
Zach slowly slid into her. Amy's pussy tightly wrapped around Zach's cock, enveloping it in pleasure. Every movement sent wave after wave of explosive feelings throughout both their bodies. They stared into each other's eyes as Zach slowly slid in and out of her. Amy reached up and caressed Zach's face, kissing him again as she felt him slide inside of her. Her tongue slipped inside his mouth and she moaned as she was overcome with pleasure. Zach began to fuck her faster, picking up his pace a little. In and out he went, their moans growing louder. Faster and faster, he thrusted in and out of her. Their kisses were getting wilder, as if a dark need was driving them. Zach began to fuck her hard. His cock slammed in and out of her, Amy cried out loudly, screaming her lover's name.
"Fuck me, oh God Zach fuck me," she screamed in ecstasy, feeling her boyfriend's cock slam in and out of her.
Zach moaned as he stared into his girlfriend's eyes. He listened to her cries of pleasure. He could feel his orgasm building, he could feel his dick readying to explode.
Amy could tell, Zach's moans were getting louder, his movements more sporadic. "Cum for me," Amy cooed, "cum for me, baby."
Zach thrusted in and out of her hard, driving his cock deep inside of her. "Oh God baby, I'm gonna cum," he moaned, "Oh God fuck me."
Amy wrapped her legs around Zach, pulling him as deep inside of her as she could. Zach exploded, a wave of pleasure erupting out of his cock and he filled Amy with his cum. He cried out in pleasure, and hearing this, Amy's body erupted in a massive orgasm. She shook and trembled as her boyfriend's cock throbbed inside of her, filling her with his cum. The two lovers moaned in ecstasy, clutching each other tightly. Zach's cock slid in and out of Amy's pussy until finally, their orgasms subsided. They collapsed on top of each other.
"I love you," Zach said, rolling off of Amy and laying next to her.
Amy ran her hands on Zach's chest, "I love you too, sweetheart."