The worst thing imaginable that could happen to a divorced, overworked, mother of two who had lost 130 lbs. is to book a weekend on an exclusive island resort with your bestie and her dad and only to find out it's a famous couples retreat. She was waxed smooth with a body she's never been comfortable enough to put in bathing suit and no single men in sight. Shya, her best friend wouldn't do the vacation without her dad since his cancer went into remission .This just could not get any worse. As they were checking in Mr. Kelly was checking out a young couple making out by a fountain. She had never spent a lot of time with her friend's Dad. The look he gave the young couple was rather fierce. That's exactly what she needed. Someone to look at her with fierce eyes. After coming so close to death they were lucky to have him and she didn't mind Shya wanting to spend time with him. She had lost both her parents long ago and she didn't blame her friend at all.
They left to their suite with the promise that the manager would look into it, and dinners would be 'on the house'. The three adjoining rooms were amazing, and spacious. The fruit and flowers set the tone of relaxation and the champagne set the mood. As she unpacked she looked through the little shorts, skirts, and skimpy little one piece suits. Never had she been so bold. Never had she wasted so much time. She didn't even like shopping. She tossed on a new pair of lace panties, a tiny skirt, and a tank, and left the bra off. What the hell. She came to show off the curves she was very proud of earning and the lack of approval from the opposite sex was not going to stop her. They had about 20 minutes before dinner and they decided to have their first dinner in. They would relax and chat, and then later walk along the beach in the moonlight. With the plan set they relaxed into comfortable chatter retailing Mr. Kelly with stories of dating and failed relationships. Shya did not seem to be afraid to say anything to her dad, and 15 minutes and three drinks later she had lost her self-consciousness and they kept Shya's dad laughing. She learned his name was Luke and he was currently dating a beautiful woman who wanted to get serious while he had already had his one true love. When she died, he didn't feel like a forever and ever again. The girls teased that that was just like a guy not wanting to commit and he said to Shya, with very serious eyes, no one could replace your mother. It gave Alora a warm gushy feeling.
After dinner was taken away, they adjourned to the sofa and Luke took the chair. She was so relaxed she curled her legs under her and her friend draped her legs over the back with her head in her lap. She played with the long black tresses as they joked about modern dating and the pitfalls of men. A long time later she noticed Luke's eyes kept drifting away from his daughter's face to her legs. She had nice legs and it gave her a warm feeling that he noticed. The conversation and second bottle of bubbly was winding down and her eyes were drifting across the room. She could see them in the mirror of the French doors. Her light blonde hair in contrast with her friends made a pretty picture. Losing the conversation a little she looked at herself and was proud of the changes she had made and all the hard work she had put into this new body. As her eyes drifted over her form she realized that her lace covered ass was quite visible how she was sitting. The little white thong didn't cover much and her cheeks reddened at the thought. As her eyes jerked to her friend's father she saw the situation in a new light. He was sitting with one leg crossed and he hand nonchalantly in his lap. Was she the reason. She didn't move and rejoined the conversation paying close attention to Luke out of the corner of her eye. He would glance at her ass and then lightly squeeze his crotch. She didn't know what to do. Did he think she was teasing him? Damn. She faked a yawn and started unwrapping her friend from her lap. She got up quickly as possible and they made plans to meet early in the morning. Shya asked her dad if he still wanted to walk on the beach and he said he would stay there for a little while longer then turn in.
She left to her room feeling guilty. He was just a guy. He probably didn't want to embarrass her. She had made him hard and she couldn't believe it. No man had ever quietly lusted after her ass before. Though it was terribly embarrassing it was also totally arousing. She turned her butt to the French doors in her room and slowly pulled the skirt down; letting it slide over her bubble. She blushed at the thought of him looking at her like that. Seeing her desire to be lusted after. She pulled the little tank off still with her back towards the windows. She had worked so hard on that body. She slid the panties down and gazed at her wet folds. Luke did that to her. She stood up and turned to see her heavy breasts and swollen clit. She grabbed a hard nipple and lifted her breast up with it and stroked a finger over her swollen clit. She had to relieve the pressure. She sat on the end of the bed and watched herself. She let her head fall back as the speed to her clit naturally increased. She pinched her nipple harder and lay back on the bed feeding her hungry pussy two fingers. Her hips came off the bed as she pumped in a slow rhythm. She needed to cum so bad. Images of Luke watching while pumping his cock danced in her head. She pulled her fingers out and they raced over her clit.
She thought about him fucking her from behind with so much animal need and her clit detonated in a spasm she could feel puckering her ass. She rubbed that naughtiest hole and rode the climax till she melted into the bed. What an orgasm. That was amazing she got up and walked to the light switch. She turned it off and the beach covered in moonlight shown through the glass doors. Beautiful. She crawled into bed and as she drifted off contentedly. She quietly thanked Luke for being a gentleman and an amazing orgasm.