I guess that this is more of a statement than a story. It's how things are now, and as you can see, I am quite horny, and love showing my hard cock to carers.
A bit about me first.
I had a very, very severe stroke in my mid-forties. (I have just turned sixty now.) I am in a wheelchair all day, as my muscles are f*****! I have some movement in my left arm and hand, but it is only a little. I do look quite a bit younger, (so I'm told) as I have a full head of shoulder length dark blonde and grey hair. I'm about twelve stone, slim, and eat ridiculously healthily and take a lot of supplements. I'm not really on any medication.
I live alone, in a very nice ground flat, in a seaside town about fifteen minutes, wheelchair drive, from the sea.
I have three carers that share the days between them.
I just love watching and reading porn, (websites) and I masturbate and jelq my six-and-a-half inch cock, practically every night, as I have quite a lot of porn on my TV memory stick.
Two of the three carers must be mid-thirties, and one of them is quite slim, tall and attractive, and she is on my mind a lot when I am masturbating, and I like to cum when she is on my mind. I like the feeling of cumming but, I don't know if it's an age thing, I don't like to cum too much, as I don't seem to produce a lot of cum.
I do take various supplements that encourage erections, cum production and help with precum production. Some of these I take just as the carer is coming in, so that I have a partial erection when the carer takes the duvet off.
When they have taken the duvet off, they have to remove four more items from under my legs, which takes them about, five seconds per item, so as they turn away I can quickly masturbate to maintain my semi erection.
Next they have to soap up the flannel, which takes them a good twenty or so seconds, so I can freely masturbate, so that when they turn to wash me, my penis is really swollen. So as they wash my penis it goes to an, almost, full erection. (This is mainly with the attractive one.)
At this point, I ask them to give me a few minutes. The slim, tall and attractive one goes out of the bedroom, so I masturbate for a good five minutes, and call her back in when my penis is softer. As she is dressing me I, usually, leak precum at this stage, resulting in a small pool of precum on my left hip.
The other, mid-thirties carer, was just doing the odd day, and covering holidays. That was from late April to early September, but since then she works two days a week.
She's single with four kids. Quite overweight, but because she is quite tall and wears baggy clothes, you don't really notice.
We get on really, really well, and have quite a laugh. She has seen my engorged penis on many occasions, but I haven't had a full erection in front of her, until the other week.
I took the supplements (Which are placed in the bed by the evening carer.) as she was coming in the room, so that when she took the duvet off, I was quite engorged. I did my usual masturbation trick whilst she wasn't looking.
Now, unlike the other carer, she actually holds my penis to clean it, and that morning I made sure that I was more engorged than normal. As she held it, I could feel it growing, and I am sure that she could too.
As by now I was nearly fully erect, I asked her to give me a few minutes, thinking she would leave the room and, hopefully glance back, and also take sneeky peeks of me wanking my hard cock. But she didn't, she just pottered between my bedroom and, en-suite, bathroom. She went out of the bedroom a couple of times, but only for a few seconds.
I found this quite exciting, and my cock went very, very hard, and I would masturbate when she wasn't looking.
This must have gone on for a couple of minutes or more, until I eventually said;
"Sorry about this, I am sure it will go soon."
"That's ok. I could make it go quicker if you want me to! Would you like me to?"
I am sure that my cock just went harder, and a bead of precum appeared.
"Er, yes ok,"
"Would you like me to use some oil or vaseline? You have some vaseline in the other room. I'm sure that you will find it a nicer experience, if I use vaseline that is."
She seemed very 'Matter of fact' as if she had done it before.
"Yeah ok. Vaseline."
She disappeared for a few seconds, and came back with the tub of vaseline.
She took the lid off, took a dollop out, with her gloved hand, and wiped all over my erect cock, sliding her hand up 'n' down in the process, and the vaseline went very soft 'n' greasy in seconds. She continued sliding her hand up 'n' down.
"How does that feel? Am I going too fast?"
"Mmmmm. Can you slow right down. Mmmmm, that's nice."
She continued to slide her hand, very slowly, up 'n' down my cock.
"You have quite a big, er, penis haven't you. It must be a good six inches or more. Can I do anything else for you."
"No. Just that."
She stopped for a second to put a little more vaseline on her hand, and then continued to slide her hand up 'n' down my cock a few times.
"Oh, I'm going to cum."
She speeded up a bit, and my legs stiffened.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaah!"
I did two little squirts of cum, (They both went up a couple of inches, and landed on her wrist.) and a bit more oozed out, and ran over her fingers. She slid her hand right down to the base of my cock, squeezed tightly, and slid her hand back up, very slowly, and a bit more cum came out and ran down to her fingers.
"Have you finished?"
"Yeah. I don't cum much."
"How did that feel? I hope you liked it? I will just wash this off, and then I will wash you."
My 'en-suite' bathroom door is at the foot of my bed, and at forty-five (ish) degree angle. I have a picture on the far bedroom wall, and when I sit up I can clearly see the reflection of the bathroom, and when carers go in, I can see their, very, top half quite clearly, (From just below their shoulders up.) and I was sitting up.
She disappeared into the bathroom, and I heard her turn the tap on. I watched her reflection, and her hand came into view, went to her mouth, and she proceeded to lick my cum off her hand!
I did masturbate when I saw this, and my penis, which was still quite engorged, started to respond. When I saw her turn to come out, I stopped masturbating. By then my penis was very engorged, but not erect, and it was laying across my left hip. She started to wash me.
"Was that ok for you?"
"Yes, thanks."
"It's ok, I didn't mind."
As she washed then dressed me, my penis shrank, and a little more cum trickled out. She saw this.
"I will just wipe that up."
She finished dressing me, and got me up.
She has been in twice since then, and each time I have been quite engorged, but not fully erect. I don't know if she will do that again, but I think I will plan to have a full erection, in front of her, in a few weeks. So fingers crossed!
..........
I have an, automatic, pedal machine, and the up 'n' down motion, always gives me a hardon no matter who the carer is. However, I always make sure that I use it, whenever the more attractive carer is working.
About five minutes before I go on there, the carer has just taken me off the loo, having been on there for about twenty minutes. The first five or ten minutes is normally when I do my business, after that I tend to masturbate. I make sure that my trousers and boxers are positioned in such a way that I can manipulate my erection when I go on the pedal machine.
I call the carer back to transfer me, when my erection has subsided.
I go on the pedal machine for twenty, or so, minutes. I start to get an erection as soon as I start exercising, and I spend the first five minutes, or so, manipulating my erection out of the bottom of my boxers, and up towards my left hip. I can feel where the boxers are, and I am able to push the leg seam right up to my groin, so my penis can really stick up in my trousers, and I can masturbate.
The attractive carer, knows that I find her sexually attractive, as I told her years ago. She accepts that and as she herself said, "I guess it's the situation, and an age thing. It's just one of those things I guess." In a way I regret telling her, but at least she accepts things, and knows what to expect!
When she takes me off the pedal machine, I am sure she can see the outline of my erect penis under the trousers.
She transfers me then, and by this time my penis is softening. She has to lean me forwards, in my wheelchair, to put a sling around my back, so that I can transfer. My good hand, my left, falls into my lap as she's doing this, and I press the tip of my penis, as most of the time I have leaked precum. As she leans me back, a precum mark starts to form on my trousers. Sometimes it's quite prominent, other times, less so.
I have had a string of precum, in front of her once, as she was getting me up. I love precumming in front of her, in particular.
I am upgrading my supplements soon, so I hope to precum a lot more.