How a chance encounter with a photographer led to a modeling career

Zac's girlfriend had been out of town for a few weeks, and he was getting bored making dinner for himself. There was a new Mexican restaurant at the local mall, and he was interested in trying their menu but especially the Cadillac margaritas they were advertising at half-off the regular price. Besides, it was always fun to check out the bevy of beauties that swarmed the mall in their most fashionable attire. All the age groups were represented, including the high-school cuties accompanied by their besties, the office workers grabbing a quick bite to eat while checking out the latest fashions, and the moms with strollers. There was also a sizeable contingent of grandmothers decked out in their satin walking outfits and fashionable walking shoes dutifully recording their 10,000 steps. But it was typically the MILFs that caught his eye. Those ladies had the money and desire to develop a fantastic sense of style and enjoyed enough free time they could spend hours at the gym, working out to make themselves incredibly alluring.
He was standing by one of the sandwich kiosks when he spotted a woman in her mid-to-late 30s who looked particularly beautiful and graceful. She was proportionally perfect for her height. Her long light-brown hair was pulled into a ponytail, she had beguiling blue eyes that were so radiant they must have been enhanced through colored contacts. She was wearing a peach-colored workout outfit, that was cut off just below her large round breasts, which perfectly highlighted her toned abs. Her cute bottom was shaped like two cantaloupe halves stretching taut the tights covering her butt cheeks. Her skin was perfect, and she radiated sensuality.
Zac was not ashamed to be gazing at her when he heard a female voice whispering in my ear: "She's gorgeous, isn't she?" Immediately Zac refocused my attention and turned his head to see who had caught him staring. Standing next to him was a mocha-colored black woman with a tight afro. She was several inches shorter than him and wore a business suit - although it would not have been suitable for the office. The jacket and blouse barely contained her large perky breasts, and the knit skirt accentuated her wonderfully oversized butt. She flashed a dazzling smile and with some nervous enthusiasm said: "I bet she looks even better in the buff. What do you think?"
Zac was not sure how to respond, so to play along he said: "Yeah, I'd pay money to see that."
"That's what I thought." She said and turned her attention back to the gorgeous woman who obviously loved being the center of attention. While they were both enjoying the view, Zac found himself spacing out and she casually asked: "Do you bottle?"
He paused a moment to see if he had heard her correctly: "I'm sorry, did you ask me to hand you a bottle?"
"No silly, I asked if you were a model." She was now looking at him intently and had a business card in her left hand. As he reached for the business card, she suddenly withdrew the card and she turned to face him. She looked into his eyes and was close enough that he could smell her minty breath, "Don't be shocked." She offered her business card again but before he could grip it with his thumb and curled index finger, she grabbed his hand and held it by the fleshy part between the thumb and first finger. She was expertly applying a massaging motion to his hand that made him weak in the knees. It was so unexpected and felt so good that he involuntarily closed his eyes and felt his entire body tingle. He felt her lean into him and realized that here in the most public place imaginable, she was pressing against his manhood.
After a few seconds, Zac realized that he was getting stiff and shook his head to clear his senses. With his girlfriend out of town, he was feeling like a horndog, and this time was no exception. There was little doubt in his mind that she had wanted to get him aroused but wanted to act as if nothing had happened. She softly kissed his hand and said: "I'm Cynthia and you will do nicely. I'm always looking for fresh faces to photograph and I would love to work with you." Zac's knees were weak, and he was totally captivated. She continued: "I've done this often enough that I can pretty much guarantee you that we'll get some great images, that it'll be fun, and the best part of all, it won't cost you a dime. What do you think? Call me if you're interested."
Abruptly, she turned and began walking rapidly over to the women they had both been admiring and she briefly looked back over her shoulder. "I'm always looking for new models." Zac looked down at the card but thought back to what she had just said. Did she say that she was looking for 'new' models or 'nude' models?
The card was printed on heavy stock with expensive raised rotogravure lettering. It read: Cynthia Gayner, Exotic Photographer and included her telephone number and an address that Zac recognized was near the local university and was only 15 minutes away. Zac briefly wondered if she propositioned the coeds and the frat boys on campus. It was a well-respected private university and whenever he drove by it always seemed like every student was dressed as though they were heading off to a magazine photoshoot.
A few days passed and Zac was getting ready to go out for his Saturday chores when he noticed Cynthia's card on top of his dresser and thought back to their brief encounter. He reflexively began to massage the contour of muscle between his thumb and index finger and remembered that everything about their encounter made him tingle. He was about to head out the door when curiosity got the better of him and feeling like a nervous schoolboy, he called her number.
He half-expected the call to go to voicemail, so when she picked up, he found himself not quite ready for a conversation. "Oh, hi Cynthia. You might not remember me, but we crossed paths Wednesday night by the sandwich cart when you caught me staring at that beautiful woman you wanted to photograph." Zac realized that he was tongue-tied and might not be making any sense.
There was a brief pause and suddenly Cynthia sounded excited. "Of course, I remember you!"
She now sounded embarrassed. "Except that I got sidetracked and did not get your name."
"That's OK, I think we were both enchanted by that lovely lady who looked nude in her outfit. He was beginning to sound more confident. "My name's Zac and you had asked me to give you a call."
"That's fantastic." Cynthia was now sounding poised and self-assured. "What are you doing this afternoon around 2 o'clock?"
Zac was suddenly caught off guard and stammered while he tried to think. "Nothing I guess." His voice trailed off and he suddenly felt light-headed.
"That's great. I'll expect you here at 2."
Zac was trying to collect his thoughts and possibly weasel out of the appointment, but Cynthia was not going to be deterred.
Her tone had shifted from conversational to authoritative. "In order to get good results, I have a few rules. Number one, be prompt. I will expect you here at 2pm. Number two, get yourself groomed." She giggled and it released the tension and then inquired with a tender voice: "Do you have any questions?"
Zac was still trying to figure out what he had gotten himself into but all he could manage was a rather mild-mannered "No"
"Great, I'll see you here at 2 and be prepared to have some fun." She giggled again and hung up.
Zac was staring at his phone. What was I thinking? Is this for real? What am I getting myself into? On the other hand, it could be fun. Stop overthinking things. She seems like a nice person and maybe if you just relax, it will turn out to be a great experience.
None of the errands he had intended to run were critical, so Zac went about getting himself ready for his 2 o'clock appointment. He found his nice jeans and a suitable dress shirt. He made sure his socks and underwear did not have any holes. He showered and meticulously cleaned everything. "What did she mean by groomed?" Zac mused to himself. After he showered and shaved, he opened up his towel and looked at his crotch in the mirror. "I doubt that she wants to see what's down there, but I might as well give things a trim." He rarely bothered with manscaping but this time, he took scissors and a razor to neaten things up. "I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. Peckerwood." He said in a sing-song voice in order to amuse himself. Zac rotated his hips to get his dick swinging in a vertical circle. "Oh my god," he laughed to himself "Are we back at band camp trying to impress that cute girl who played clarinet?"
Zac tried putting on his jeans but found that either he had put on a few pounds, or the pants had shrunk in the laundry. He tried on another pair of pants but did not like how they looked with his shirt. He was so nervous that he pulled out his shoeshine kit and put a spit-polish on his loafers. All at once, Zac realized that he had flittered away the entire morning and it was now time to leave if he was going to get there on time. He had not eaten lunch but realized that he did not actually feel hungry.
He grabbed his things and jumped into his car. Cynthia obviously had strict rules and he did not want to get off on the wrong foot. He quickly navigated towards the university and easily found her address. Although this area had been previously known as a quirky artist's community, it was now being gentrified and the houses were being spiffed up. Cynthia's huge Victorian was no exception. It looked like the exterior had been recently painted and there were geraniums and petunias in hanging baskets that framed the front porch.
Zac looked at his watch as he approached the front door. He was five minutes early and exhaled with a sigh of relief. He rang the doorbell, and the front door opened almost immediately.
"You are right on time and that means we're off to a good start." Cynthia was smiling and wearing a shiny black loose-fitting top with yoga pants and tennis shoes. She held a glass of white wine in her hand and asked casually: "Do you like chardonnay?"
"Yes, thanks." Zac said and emptied the glass in one gulp before stepping through the threshold.
"My, you must be thirsty. Let me get you a refill."
She took his wine glass and motioned him to have a seat on a couch in a small sitting room. On the wall, there were large photographs of seascapes, fruit bowls that were lush and sensuous, and alongside were male and female abstract nudes. There was a coffee table that was overflowing with stacks of glossy magazines. Zac was looking around the room to better appreciate the wall-mounted photos when he reached over and picked up one of the magazines. Although he was still focused on one of the large photographs, he started to flip through the magazine that he held in his hands.
Suddenly he realized that the magazine pictures detailed a series of photos showing a proper looking middle-aged woman stripping down to reveal her beautiful nude body for the camera. She was initially dressed in a cocktail dress, but the subsequent photos showed her tentatively taking off her clothing. The photos now showed her completely naked, and she appeared a little embarrassed. She was in her mid to late 40s and in great shape. She had shoulder-length light brown hair with silver highlights and piercing green eyes. Her breasts were perfect orbs the size of grapefruits and they looked absolutely delectable. Throughout the series, she appeared to become more confident and less embarrassed by her nudity. Perhaps it was the first time she had been naked in front of a camera and her modesty made her nude photos even more enticing.
Zac continued to flip through the pages and her photos began to radiate sensuality as though she was taking control. Even though she was now shown reclining and had begun to open her legs, she focused her gaze on the camera, and it was as if a powerful female warrior was being unleashed. She stared intently at the camera as she spread her pussy lips. The effect was magnetic as it drew the viewer in. She was no longer embarrassed by her nudity; she was now in charge of the photoshoot and seemed to be challenging whether the viewer was brave enough to look upon her naked body. The effect was intoxicating, and Zac realized he had been holding his breath while he looked at the last photo of the series.
The model was spreading her pussy lips with one hand and with her other arm reaching around her leg, had the middle finger completely buried up to the second knuckle in her bum. The cotton-candy pink of her fingernails beautifully complemented the delicate folds of her pussy. Even in that contorted position, she was able to smile at the camera and did not appear to be uncomfortable or objectified. Instead, she appeared to be offering a challenge: You think you're a bad bitch? You think you are a fierce supermodel? You want to pose for pictures - let's see you try this in front of the camera!
The magazine Zac was holding appeared to be targeting photographers who were interested in shooting nudes. There was technical information on the lighting, aperture and type of camera used. There was an article on finding amateur models along with details on submitting photos if you wanted consideration for publication. However, the bulk of the magazine was layout after layout of abstract nude male and female models that were a little more hardcore than the typical photography journal.
While Zac continued to hold onto the magazine, he looked over the other publications that were cascading off the coffee table. Most were the typical glossy adult stuff found at the local liquor store, although many appeared to be printed in foreign languages. There were European language magazines, Cyrillic and Asian language magazines and several Arabic language magazines that all appeared to feature young blond models. Zac wondered if all these magazines had Cynthia's photoshoots in them.
"I see you've found my stash of porn." Cynthia chuckled as she entered the room carrying a glass of wine and looking at the magazine spread that Zac was currently holding. "That was a particularly fun shoot. She's a local photographer acquaintance who'd reached out when she saw one of my exhibitions. She had always wanted to be in front of the camera for a nude photoshoot but never thought she was attractive enough. She was planning to get a nip and tuck done and intended to hire a personal trainer and nutritionist. Six months later, she called to inquire about a session but said she did not want some dirty old fart masturbating on her photos. I reminded her that CamerArtistic, one of the technical camera publications, had recently begun to publish explicit nude photos and she was immediately intrigued."
Cynthia looked at Zac to gauge his reaction and paused for a moment as though she was enjoying the memory of that encounter. "She did not hesitate and said there was only one way to find out if she was brave enough to go through with it. We scheduled an appointment for later that same day. She looked fabulous when she showed up and was even more radiant by the time we were finished."
Zac was intrigued. "Do you find most of your models or do they find you?" Cynthia locked eyes with him and said: "Just like that scrumptious cutie we saw in the mall the other day, I prefer first-time models that have never posed previously. Oh, and by the way, she has an appointment here on Tuesday at noon. I would have scheduled her sooner, but she insisted on getting a complete Brazilian wax before the shoot."
Zac closed his eyes for a moment and tried to imagine what she would look like at a nude photoshoot and wondered if her images would appear in one of the men's magazines he regularly perused. Zac had always been intrigued as to why beautiful women would pose nude and let the entire world clearly see their intimate charms. Obviously, some models posed nude because they needed the money or to expand their modeling portfolio, but Zac had serious doubts that he would ever be brave enough to pose for a smut magazine. His girlfriend had taken a few candid nudes of him, but he always looked like a deer caught in the headlights. He did not think posing for nude photos that were intended to be published would make him nervous, but he did not want to embarrass himself. He was more worried about appearing anxious, or if his hands looked awkward or whether his dick would not relax. However, he was secretly intrigued with the idea of a million random strangers admiring his naked body.
"Here's a little more courage for you." Cynthia handed him the glass of wine. "Why don't you make yourself comfortable while I photocopy your driver's license and you take a moment to look over the model release."
"Model release?" Zac asked hesitantly.
"Oh yeah, I can't work any other way." Cynthia sounded nonchalant as if it were the same type of generic agreement signed when applying for a credit card. Zac looked over the document and could quickly tell that it clearly stipulated that all rights belonged to the photographer and those images could be distributed electronically or for publication and that it was an ironclad agreement and there was no legal recourse. Zac did not intend to pose nude, so he gulped down his second glass of wine and put his initials on each page and signed where it had been highlighted.
Cynthia returned to the sitting room and handed back his driver's license. "Do you want a copy of the paperwork for your records?" Zac swallowed hard and said: "No, I'm good." Zac leaned his head back and thought to himself: Is she planning on a nude photoshoot with me? That's crazy. I'm not model material. This must be for test shots or just to see how I look on film. He laughed softly to himself and thought that he was getting vain or crazy, thinking that she wants to photograph him in the nude.
Cynthia snapped Zac back to reality by announcing in a crisp professional sounding voice: "OK, let's get started." She led him down the hallway and opened the door to a brightly lit studio. There were large lights hanging from the ceiling and lights on tripods positioned around the room. At the very back of the room was a bed with ornate metal railings and canopy. It had a fluffy duvet and was covered with mounds of pillows. It looked like something out of a bedding catalog. The room was large enough to accommodate an oversized shower stall mounted against the side wall.
In the center of the room was a large seamless backdrop with the pearl-white cloth material extending on the floor all the way to the camera mounted on a sturdy tripod. The camera was positioned six to eight feet away from the backdrop. There was an array of fixed lights overhead and flood lights with umbrellas mounted on floor stands and smaller directional lights with colored filters all pointing to the seamless backdrop. On the wall were several large TV monitors. The lights were very bright, but Zac could see several objects in the shadows at the back of the room that were partially covered by tarps. One menacing piece of furniture looked like a large wooden stockade from a BDSM club that was mounted on an oversized moving dolly. Also discreetly tucked away in the darkness of a far corner were a variety of items that appeared to be whips, belts, chains and other scary-looking objects.
Zac was amazed by the playroom that he had just entered and momentarily forgot what he was doing there. He knew that Cynthia was busy adjusting the lights and her camera, but he could not stop looking around the studio. He now noticed that the monitors mounted high on the wall had blinked on and suddenly realized that the video feed was showing his image as seen through the camera lens. He looked at the camera and looked back at the monitors. There was a slight delay between his movements and his image on the monitors which he found peculiarly entertaining. He spun around and lifted his hands over his head and followed his movements on the overhead TV screens. He felt like a kid goofing off in front of a security camera monitor.
His image on the monitors continued to entertain Zac until he heard an electronic click and the strobe lights flashed. The monitors showed his still images for a couple of seconds and then returned to displaying his real-time movements. Zac reasoned that the monitors showed exactly what Cynthia was viewing through her camera which also captured the photographic image when she pressed the shutter button. The camera clicked again along with a muffled "fumf" noise created by the strobes when they flashed. For the next two seconds, he could clearly see his image on the monitors that Cynthia was capturing digitally.
Twack! Cynthia had slapped a leather riding crop against her leg to get his attention. "Don't make me use this." She smiled to indicate that she was only kidding but it had been said in a slightly menacing tone and Zac knew she meant business.
"Let's get started." Cynthia had practiced delivering a professional sounding cadence in her voice that let her clients know she was in charge and would expect full cooperation. "Take off your socks and shoes. Stand over there and face the camera." Zac complied and found it was easy to follow her instructions. "Unless I tell you otherwise, I expect you to always focus your eyes and attention on the camera."
While Cynthia had been finalizing camera and lighting adjustments, Zac had swallowed a third glass of Chardonnay. It was perfectly chilled and had gone his throat like water. Since he had not bothered to eat lunch, he was already feeling a little buzzed but the adrenaline from the photoshoot steadied his nerves. Cynthia had promised him that the photoshoot was going to be fun, and he was determined to enjoy himself and make the most of the situation.
"Relax your arms at your sides and let's get a close-up of your cute smile." Click, click. The camera and strobes went off in quick succession. Zac was curious to see his image and looked over at the monitor.
"I did not tell you to look away." Cynthia intoned seriously. "Keep your eyes on the camera."
Cynthia continued to provide easy to follow directions and Zac simply followed her instructions. "Turn your head slightly to the right." Click, click. "Drop your chin." Click, click. "Turn around but twist your body to face the camera." Click, click. "Look serious." Click, click. "How about a smile." Click, click. "That looks great." Each time Zac got into position, the camera would click, and the strobe lights would flash.
Zac was no longer feeling nervous and had begun to enjoy the process. The lights were warm, and he started to lose his concentration and he thought to himself: This might actually be fun. Cynthia continued to express enthusiasm and build up his confidence. Zac had wanted the photo session to be a success and hoped that Cynthia would get the images she wanted to capture.
Thus far, it had been like engaging in warm-up exercises prior to a workout, and Zac was feeling loose and limber. He was enjoying himself but wondered when the session would end. He did not have any other appointments that day, but he was now feeling hungry and remembered that he needed to pick up some groceries.
"Take off your shirt and toss it aside." Zac needed to focus his attention since he had momentarily allowed his concentration to wander. Did she just ask me to take off my shirt? Zac was not sure he had heard the instructions correctly and took a deep breath to focus himself. Cynthia looked impatient and Zac blinked several times before he slowly started to unbutton his shirt. The camera continued to click as Zac took off his shirt and threw it a few feet away. Cynthia smiled and said: "That looks really nice. My camera wants to capture the real you."
Zac's eyes drifted onto the large monitors, and he could now see himself shirtless and looking a little frightened with that deer-in-the-headlights look in his eyes. He paused a moment to collect his thoughts and thought about what he was doing. This experience was going to put him into a situation he had never experienced before but he was determined to make the most of it. He was still not sure where things were headed but just as Cynthia had promised, he had been enjoying himself and he was curious to see the results of his photoshoot.
"Let's get you down on all fours with your butt towards the camera." Zac complied but needed to be reminded to crane his head around to look into the camera. "Down on your elbows." Click, click. "Smile. Are you having fun?" Click, click. It seemed to Zac that Cynthia was testing the limits of his comfort level and Zac reasoned that he could stop the session anytime he wanted.
"Stand up and face the camera." Click, click. "Let's see you flex and show off your six-pack." Click, click. The photo session had gone on for 20 minutes and Zac enjoyed being the center of attention. He found that her flattery was making it easy for him to find his courage. Zac had never thought seriously about posing for nude photos since he did not think he was centerfold material. He had briefly considered it when his girlfriend had surprised him on a couple of occasions as he stepped out of the shower and found her taking his picture with her cell phone.
She had always called him her hunk and he knew that when she was talking about his "hunkiness", she was not referring to his pectorals. Even though he was fully exposed and on display, and she was behind the camera, his girlfriend had always been the one who was more embarrassed. She had asked if he wanted her to submit his nudies to what she jokingly referred to as a "smut magazine", but he never thought she was serious. He had seen a copy of Playdude fall out of her gym bag one evening and she nervously explained that it belonged to a gay friend. However, she wanted him to look at the magazine, in particular the section featuring the guy-next-door amateur submissions. Thinking back on the incident, he was not certain if it fell out of her bag by accident or on purpose. She had shown him the model release form and had encouraged him to consider signing it, but they had never gotten around to deciding which of his pix should be submitted.
"Lose the belt and unbutton your jeans." Zac froze for a moment, now realizing that Cynthia fully intended to get him naked in front of her camera. He had always suspected that the photoshoot might venture into erotic images, but he had never considered himself model material, especially not for a professional photographer. He was having second thoughts about proceeding when he heard Cynthia making it sound more like a demand than a request. "Remove the belt." Click, click.
Zac's hands were trembling as he unfastened his belt and opened up his jeans. He glanced over at the monitors and realized that he was having an out-of-body experience. He could see himself on the monitors, but it somehow did not feel real. Click, click. The flood lights flashed, and his image would remain frozen on the monitor for a brief moment. "Is this really happening to me?" Zac thought to himself.
Cynthia seemed to anticipate his fears and quickly began to offer more compliments and assurances. "You look great." Click, click. "Flex like you're Mr. Universe." Click, click. "Look serious." Click, click.
"Let's see that great smile." Click, click. Zac was back to feeling comfortable and enjoyed seeing his image when he could sneak a look at the monitors.
"OK." Cynthia's voice brought his focus back to the photoshoot. "Keep your drawers on but lose the pants." Zac's heart started beating wildly and he could feel himself sweating. He should have applied a second application of antiperspirant before coming over. Zac looked down at his hands as he tried to gather enough courage to remove his pants. "Keep your eyes on the camera." Cynthia said gently. Zac nearly lost his balance as he took off his pants and had to squat down to catch himself from falling. "Don't worry, we're almost there." The camera clicks were accompanied by the flash of the strobe lights, but Zac could clearly see the wide grin on Cynthia's face.
"Now for the moment of truth." Cynthia said in a very light-hearted manner. Zac stood there in front of the camera with only the thin cotton cloth of his underwear protecting his dignity. Is this really happening? What was he doing here? Why did it seem like a good idea at the time when he had called her? He didn't have any political aspirations but what if someone he knows sees these pictures? How do I explain this? What good can possibly come from this?
"Just put your thumbs in the waist band and push down". Zac heard Cynthia speaking but his heart was racing wildly, and his head was pounding, and he was not sure he could get his arms to work properly. "Don't be scared, this will be fun." He heard Cynthia tenderly telling him. Click, click. "You can do it." Click, click. Cynthia had tried cajoling, but Zac felt immobilized. "Push down. NOW!" Cynthia said with authority. Zac closed his eyes, scrunched up his face and took a deep breath. He extended his arms and pushed his underwear down to his thighs.
Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.
Even though his eyes were closed, he could tell the strobe lights were flashing repeatedly and he could hear the camera clicking in the motor drive setting. He tentatively opened his eyes and saw Cynthia smiling broadly at him as she hovered over the camera. "Go ahead and breathe." She said sweetly. Zac realized that he had been holding his breath since lowering his underwear and he took in a big gulp of air.
He glanced over at the monitor and could see that he was now naked to the camera, but he was flaccid. He looked down and realized that his manhood had gotten shy, and he was limp. Zac looked up at Cynthia and said, "Sorry about that."
Cynthia winked at him and said, "Don't worry, I can help the situation." She made a quick adjustment to the camera, and it began to rhythmically click with the accompanying strobe flash. "I'm going to set it to take a shot every five seconds. Go ahead and toss the drawers." Zac stepped out of his underwear and flung them near his jeans. He wasn't sure what Cynthia had in mind and was feeling so self-conscious that he covered himself with his hands.
"Oh, stop that." Cynthia said with a pleasant lilt to her voice. "I don't do this for every client, but I really like what you're packing, and I bet we'll get some great results." She began walking slowly over to Zac and looked at the monitors to get her bearings. The camera continued to methodically click away, accompanied by the strobe flashes, and Zac was transfixed.
The camera had been set to get a close up and was now focused on just the area from his navel to his thighs. Zac was staring at the monitors when Cynthia approached him and using her hands to direct his movements, had him now standing with his dick in profile. She got down on her knees facing him and turned her head to smile for the camera. She would look up at the monitors after the camera clicked to check the perspective.
"I have a side hustle for CFNM photos". She said as if she were explaining a hobby. "What is CFNM?" Zac asked inquisitively. "Nothing for you to worry about. Some of my femdom clients like pictures of nude men alongside a clothed woman."
Zac looked down at Cynthia as she was smiling for the camera and pointing at his cock. She stuck her tongue out and moved it next to the head of his dick. Zac glanced over at the monitor and seeing Cynthia's tongue inching closer made him forget his shyness. He could feel his manhood stirring to life.
Suddenly she grabbed his balls with one hand and kissed the tip of his dick. Immediately he started to get hard. Cynthia took her other hand and held his penis at the base and ran her tongue along the shaft. Zac could see that she was positioned so that the camera was catching everything she was doing. She continued to mug for the camera and make silly faces. Zac was enjoying every second as he watched the images on the monitor freeze for a few seconds and then return to the live action. The click of the camera, the "fumf" of the strobe flash, and his cock being caressed on the monitor, was mesmerizing.
Without saying a word, Cynthia used her hands to turn Zac so that he was facing away from the camera.
She took one of his ankles and guided it until he was standing with his feet about a yard apart. "Bend over and put your hands on your knees, while I make some adjustments to the camera."
Zac looked at the monitor and saw that the camera was now focused on his butt cheeks. His ball sack was also included in the picture frame. "Just hold that pose for a minute." Cynthia came over and positioned her face next to his hips. She was smiling and slightly extended her tongue. The camera continued to click away. Zac watched on the monitor as she reached around and spread his butt cheeks for the camera. He had never seen his asshole in its full glory before. Click, click.
"Bend over a little further and use your two hands to spread 'em. I want to make sure we get a good close up." Zac did as he was instructed but arched his back so he could continue to watch the action on the monitors. Cynthia reached up between his legs and put her index finger directly on his asshole. "Have you ever had your G-spot massaged?" Zac thought a moment and realized that he was never this exposed even when his doctor checked his prostate.
Although he continued to hold the pose, Zac asked: "Is this really necessary?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. This is what pays the bills." Click, click.
By now Cynthia had returned to the camera and adjusted the focus so that only his asshole was in full display. From this perspective, Zac could clearly see the color of his asshole and noticed that he had a small freckle near the rim. "I want you to put the tip of your right index finger on your bum."
Zac straightened up and looked back over his shoulder. "I'm not sticking my finger up my arse."
"Don't worry, you're not getting deflowered." Cynthia said sweetly. Under her breath, she said softly to herself: "At least not today."
"You owe me for my special services." Cynthia said nonchalantly.
"What are you talking about?" Zac inquired.
"I didn't want you to embarrass yourself, so now you owe me." Cynthia said pleasantly.
"What do you have in mind?"
"I want you to wink for the camera."
"You mean like this?" Zac said as he stood there looking over his shoulder and blinked one eye.
He looked over at the monitor and saw that the camera was still focused on his butt.
"That's cute. No sugar, I want to see if you can wink your bum."
Cynthia instructed him to bend over and spread his cheeks and to look back at the camera. Zac did as he was told but looked over at the monitor.
He had never tried it before, but while looking at his image on the monitor, he started to flex his anus. With a little practice he was able to suck it in and pooch it out. It was bizarre and disgusting and fascinating and titillating all at the same time.
Cynthia was standing behind the camera and was back to manually operating the shutter.
Zac looked over at the monitor and saw that the image of his asshole was taking up the entire screen. It was like watching some nature program where the camera was focused on a sea creature as it pulsated with the ocean wave activity. After a dozen or more clicks from the camera, Cynthia slowly began pulling the focus away from its extreme close-up.
"Turn your face back towards the camera and smile." Click, click.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could now see his face on the monitor along with his hands spreading his butt cheeks. This was such an out-of-body experience, like he was dreaming although he had never thought about this scenario in any of his weird sexual fantasies. Is this actually happening, Zac thought to himself?
"Keep your eyes focused on the camera and let's see a big smile." Click, click, click, click.
"You're doing great. Just a few more shots and we'll try something else." Click, click, click, click.
"Next I want you to do some stretches and get limbered up." Zac wasn't sure what she had in mind, and this was so surreal that he had completely lost any sense of modesty.
Cynthia continued casually. "You know what is my favorite word? I seriously doubt you do, but I learned it in high school, and it still makes me smile. We all have a favorite word and mine is 'turgid'. Here is a bottle of tropical flavored body oil. Smear it all over your body and make yourself turgid." Cynthia giggled. "See, I can't help it. It's such a great word."
Zac covered his body in the shiny liquid and stood there waiting to find out what would happen next. The oil was tingly on his skin, both warming and cooling at the same time. Cynthia put him through a series of poses that she had memorized. There were always new and interesting ways to twist and contort the human body, but the publications to which she regularly submitted required some variation of the same hundred or so standard body shots. The regular cadence of her voice, along with the clicking of her camera and the flashing of the strobe lights, made Zac lose all track of time.
After another thirty minutes, Cynthia had gotten all the standard poses she needed.
"Get ready for the next round, where we have you shower off the oil." She pointed to the shower across the room and Zac noticed that she had a remote-control device in her hand that was allowing her to turn off the overhead lights illuminating the seamless backdrop and power on the lights over the shower stall.
"Go ahead and get the water adjusted to a comfortable temperature." She said to Zac. "You'll be in there for a while, but we'll finish before you start looking like a prune."
Zac stroked himself as he walked over to the shower. Cynthia had taken her camera off the tripod and was photographing him as he moved to the other location. Click, click, click, click. As Zac approached the shower, he noticed the huge mirror against the wall. When he looked up at the monitor, he could see the images that Cynthia was capturing. The mirror allowed Cynthia to add to her CFNM portfolio. The monitors showed both himself as well as the added presence of Cynthia who was the CF taking the NM photos. He turned towards Cynthia and held his dick so he could point it directly at the camera.
"Stop being so silly." She said with a sexy lilt to her voice. "You've been doing so well, here is a little something in appreciation." Cynthia walked over still holding the camera in one hand and with the other, she grabbed Zac's balls. She kneeled over and licked the tip of his dick. "Yum, coconutty." She wrapped her velvety lips around his dick and took in the entire length. She softly grated her teeth back and forth against the shaft. She pulled back and took a few photos while still holding onto his cock with her teeth. Click, click. She let go and made an overly exaggerated motion of her wiping her face with her sleeve. She smiled and said with a purr in her voice: "We're not ready for the money shot just yet. Now, go lather up."
Zac walked over to the shower that was located at the far end of the room. It was an oversized shower stall that was brightly lit with overhead lights and umbrella lights in front. The shower stall had two sides and was open in front. There was a shower head and water control knobs on one of the tiled walls and an illuminated opaque window on the other side that was simply a prop since it was not an exterior wall. Beneath the window was a bench built into the tiles. Cynthia had put a lot of time, money, and effort into her photo studio. Zac had noticed the basement windows when he walked up the steps to the front porch and wondered whether she had another playroom constructed using the space underneath them.
Cynthia busied herself with setting up her camera on a tripod and checking the lighting that was focused on the shower stall. At this time, Zac did not need any direction. He adjusted the water temperature, so it was just hot enough to create steam to fog up the opaque window and began to lather up. The noise from the water spray drowned out the clicks from the camera but the flashes from the strobe lights let him know that Cynthia was back in business.
Zac soaped and lathered and scrubbed and generally enjoyed washing the oil off his body. Cynthia would occasionally ask for a twist to his head or an adjustment to his hands, but for the most part, he simply took a long luxuriating shower.
After about 15 minutes, Cynthia announced that she had enough showering images and he should turn off the water and dry himself. She took several shots with her camera positioned near the floor pointing up towards his midsection. From that orientation, the toweling off accentuated his dick and balls.
After he had toweled himself dry, she asked him to get comfortable on the bed. She thanked him for being so cooperative with her photography process and assured him they would be done soon. Cynthia asked him to lay back on the bed propped up with the pillows and make himself comfortable. As soon as she had adjusted the lights and had her tripod and camera in place, she instructed him to touch himself.
"Get yourself hard, my camera wants to capture everything."
The camera must have been set to take pictures automatically, as the camera was clicking about once a second and the strobes were staying in synch. Zac looked over to the monitors and could see that the images being captured were focused on his dick captured in close up along with his hand that was slowly masturbating himself to a full erection. It looked massive on the monitor screens and watching himself getting hard was exciting.
"I'm going to pull back for a full body shot, so I need you to focus your gaze on the camera." Cynthia was concentrating on framing his image for maximum impact, but Zac noticed that she had reached down and was pleasuring herself with her free hand.
This was the moment Zac's body had been desperately waiting for and he could endure it no longer. He could feel his leg and core muscles tense and he stroked himself to unleash a violent stream. His hot spunk ejaculated in thick torrents and onto his torso and chest. Click, click, click, click. The accompanying strobe lights were flashing in rapid succession. Zac closed his eyes in pure ecstasy and for a moment forgot that he was positioned in front of a camera that was capturing his exquisite orgasm.
"Got it, thanks. That was the money shot, now give me a big smile." Cynthia cooed. Click, click, click.
After a few moments, Zac focused his eyes and noticed that the overhead lights had been turned off.
"That'll do for now. Why don't you get yourself over to the shower." Cynthia had turned off most of the lights and was removing her camera from the tripod. The overhead television monitors were off and without all the heat from the various lights, the room suddenly seemed chilly.
Zac quickly showered and walked over to where he had tossed his clothes. His clothing items were now neatly folded and there were ten crisp fifty-dollar bills fanned out on top. This was the easiest five hundred dollars he had made in his life. Cynthia had left the studio and Zac wondered if there was anything else she needed at this time.
Zac called out: "Are we done?" Cynthia poked her head around the corner and flashed a huge smile. "We're all done, and you were great." She walked over and gave Zac a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Did you get your money?"
"Yeah, thanks."
Cynthia beamed at him. "No, thank you."
Zac turned to leave.
"Will I see you again?" Cynthia sounded intrigued.
"Yeah, I guess." Zac replied only half-aware of what he was saying.
"Promise?"
"Yeah, I promise."
Cynthia hugged him again. "I hope you keep your promise. See you next time."
Zac gathered his thoughts and headed out her front door. As he was walking down her front steps, he thought to himself: "Shit, I still have all my errands to do." A moment later, he paused in his tracks and reflected: "What did she mean by 'next time'?"
The rest of the day was spent racing around doing all the chores and groceries and other miscellaneous errands he had originally intended for his Saturday. By the time it was dinner, Zac had nearly forgotten what he had been doing earlier in the day. It all seemed like a strange dream though it was obviously real and confirmed by the crisp fifty-dollar bills in his wallet but was nearly impossible for his mind to comprehend.
Once the weekend had passed, he did not give it a second thought and had not bothered to tell anyone about his modeling adventure. Besides, who would he tell. Certainly not his co-workers or his drinking buddies. He considered telling his girlfriend, but she had not recently visited him in the shower with her cellphone camera, so the topic never came up. Perhaps it was just as well to just forget the whole thing.

*************

Zac liked getting into the office early. It gave him an opportunity to check his calendar, listen to his voicemail messages and review his emails before the day got hectic. He would occasionally engage in some flirtatious banter with the administrative staff before settling in for the day. The six gals who answered the phones, greeted walk-in customers, and did the bookkeeping were typically there before Zac arrived. They always had a pot of coffee brewing and loved to gossip. Their peals of laughter often greeted Zac as he entered the building.
One day, their excited laughter was so loud, he could hear them long before he entered the building. The high-pitched squeals seemed unusually raucous and frenetic. Their excited conversation was regularly interrupted with howls of laughter. Zac had originally intended to go directly to his desk, but their animated voices made him curious, and he stopped by the front office to see what they found so entertaining.
As soon as he peered around the corner and caught their eyes, the room immediately went quiet. They were all staring back but no one said a word. As they looked him over, their jaws were slack, and their eyes were slowly going up and down over his body. It was a weird feeling and it seemed as if they were mentally undressing him.
"Morning ladies." Zac said cheerfully but they merely averted their eyes. The office manager coughed, and the others started to fidget. At once, they began to busy themselves but continued looking down. Zac pivoted and started walking down the hallway to his office. All at once, there was a giant eruption of hysterical laughter.
Zac began to busy himself by looking at his inbox and checking to see how many voicemails were waiting and what was showing up on his calendar. It felt like this time of the day was his most productive as the phones were not ringing and he could concentrate on getting his day organized. He was scanning his email inbox when he realized there was a person standing next to him. He was startled and leaned back in his chair.
Wanda the office manager was standing next to him and without saying a word, leaned over and began carefully checking his left ear. "Do you know there's a very distinctive brown spot on your left ear lobe that looks like a valentine?" Wanda inquired in a curious manner.
"Yeah, it's been there since birth. Thankfully, it has turned brown as I've gotten older. It was bright red as a kid and my classmates would tease me mercilessly for having a red heart on my ear. Doctor says it's nothing to worry about. Why'd you ask?"
Without addressing his inquiry, Wanda asked: "How long you been working other gigs?"
Zac furrowed his brow, not knowing what Wanda was talking about. He looked at her inquiringly and said: "What's going on?"
Wanda flashed him a huge smile and threw a glossy magazine on his desk that had been treated so roughly that the spine was nearly broken. The magazine had been endlessly thumbed through and creased back and forth so much that the pages were falling apart. The pages ended in a jumbled mess on his desk so Zac picked up the magazine and turned it around so he could find the cover. It was a copy of Playdude. He was not the model highlighted on the cover under the banner, but his smiling countenance located at the bottom left corner meant that he was featured in a photo spread of the current edition.
His hands were trembling as he rifled the pages to find the index. He was not the centerfold, but it was easy to locate where his pix were featured. The pages had been repeatedly opened to that same location in the magazine. He glanced up at Wanda and took a deep breath. He looked down at the pages and saw himself fully naked in front of the seamless backdrop looking back at the viewer. He was handsome and proud and did not appear ashamed of his nudity.
He slowly turned the pages. After the first image, the pictures showed him starting out fully dressed and then proceeding to take off his clothes. There was a sequence of him in the shower and another set of him reclining in bed. It showed him hard but did not include him jacking off to orgasm. He closed his eyes and realized that he had been holding his breath.
Zac inhaled sharply and looked up at Wanda. "What do you think?"
His question was intended to inquire whether the photos were grounds for termination. During his photoshoot he had overcome his shyness, but now that all the office gals had seen him in his birthday suit, he thought about immediately leaving and emailing in his resignation letter.
"Well, I can only speak for the girls in this office, but we LOVE it." Wanda was blushing and started to stammer. "We wanted to make sure it was actually you and that brown heart on your ear confirmed it."
By now the other office staff had joined them and they were peppering Zac with questions. "Was the photoshoot fun? How much did he get paid? Was he nervous? Why did he do it? What was his mom going to say? Did he like the photos? Would he do it again? Did the studio photograph women?"
Zac was still getting over the shock of seeing his pictures in Playdude but had to admit that he was enjoying the attention. The women in the office had always been nice enough but it amounted to nothing more than general pleasantries. Suddenly he felt like a celebrity. They wanted to know if he had a girlfriend and if it was serious. Was he available for lunch? Did he need anything? One of the gals was planning to do some baking that evening, and did he have a favorite cookie?
Eventually everyone but Wanda walked back to their office. Zac asked sheepishly, "Do you think management is going to fire me?"
Wanda smiled and replied: "If it were up to me, you'd get a promotion and a raise." She tittered. "It certainly got a rise them." Pointing her head towards the office. "I wouldn't worry about it. No one's been sexually harassed and if you don't complain, we certainly won't."
He had been enjoying the attention but now realized that there would be others who would recognize him as well. He was not worried about his parents who were very open-minded and had always encouraged him to pursue his interests. He was not worried about his very conservative relatives back in the Midwest since they would be damned to Hell if they ever looked at an adult magazine. No doubt his girlfriend would want an explanation, but he would just tell her that he was fulfilling her fantasy of seeing him in Playdude. His drinking buddies would have a good laugh but none of them would really care. In fact, it might get him a free drink or two.
Zac was minimally interested in social media and his cell phone would ping just a few times a week with updates. During his conversation with the office gals, he looked over at his phone and saw there were several posts from people he had not talked to in years.
By noon, his phone was blowing up. He casually glanced through the thread and saw there were hundreds of new posts. Many came from girls he knew casually in high school or college and a few from some guys. Smiley face, thumbs up, and eggplant emojis were the most common. Zac did not know what to think of his new-found notoriety. He had kept the Playdude stashed in his desk and during the afternoon when things were quiet, took it out to review the photos again. Cynthia had done some nice post-editing on his images, and he was impressed with the quality of her work. She made him look better than what he saw in the mirror when he stepped out of the shower at home. However, the tell-tale brown spot on his left ear had not been edited out.
Just after 5pm, Zac was heading out to his car when his cellphone rang. He looked at the caller ID and it was a friend from college. Kirt had been his study partner in a couple of accounting classes, and he was possibly the only reason Zac had managed to pass the course. Kirt was smart and a really nice guy, plus he had a wicked sense of humor. Although Kirt had made it obvious he was interested, whenever he hit on Zac it was always done in a good-natured way. They typically downed a few beers after the late-night study sessions and Kirt would often say that it was "hard working with such a cute study partner."
Zac took a moment to calm his thoughts before answering the phone. He suspected he knew what had prompted the call. It was one thing to talk to a woman about your nude photos, it would be quite different to talk to some guy about those same nude photos.
Zac took a deep breath. "Hey Kirt, what's up?"
Kirt giggled, "I was going to ask you the same thing."
"Shit" Zac said, more to himself than to Kirt.
"Why didn't you tell me you were a model?" Kirt asked.
"Let's just say it was inadvertent."
Kirt teased him: "I've done some wild things in my life but never inadvertently posed for those kinds of nude photos. Some Polaroids with friends but nothing ever to get published."
Zac now realized there were several million people who had seen his naked body and decided he was not going to feel ashamed. "So, what do you think?"
Kirt chortled, "Let's just say, I got incredibly excited seeing your spread. Besides, I don't ever remember seeing the same guy featured in both magazines I subscribe to."
Zac's heart skipped a beat. "Both magazines? What else besides Playdude?"
Kirt sounded amused. "Sounds I should go out and pick up a copy of Playdude."
Now Zac was feeling mortified. "Are you sure it's me in those other publications?"
"To be honest, I wasn't sure. But since you're in Playdude, it's gotta be you."
Zac was not certain he wanted to continue the conversation, but curiosity made him ask. "So, what are the other mags?"
Kirt replied in a very matter-of-fact tone: "I'm a long-time subscriber to 'straight with a question mark' and 'ee vee oh oh'."
Kirt continued to chatter amicably for a few minutes, but Zac was not listening. He was thinking back to the piles of foreign-language nudie magazines that Cynthia had piled on her coffee table and wondered where else his images were published.
Absent-mindedly Zac said: "Well, thanks for calling." and went to hang up.
Kirt chuckled again. "Although our paths may not cross anytime soon, I assume I'll be seeing more of you." The call disconnected.
Zac sat for several minutes in his car, trying to clear his head, and thought to himself. "What the hell was he talking about?"
After another minute of staring blankly ahead, he decided to visit his local convenience store. His neighborhood liquor store had a great selection of beer and a rack of adult magazines in the back. His girlfriend would get excited looking at the centerfold models, so he would occasionally pick up a glossy magazine to spice up their love life.
When he arrived, he felt fortunate there were no other customers around. He quickly walked over to the magazine selection and spotted a copy of Playdude. He furtively reached out, picked up a copy and folded it in his hands. He scanned the rack several times but could not find a copy of the other magazines that Kirt had mentioned.
Zac walked hesitantly over to the front counter. The cashier looked up and paused for a minute. He closed his eyes temporarily as if he were trying to think of something. Suddenly he had a big grin. "Well, there you are."
Zac did not know what to make of the remark. Since he wanted to pay for his purchase and get out of there as quickly as possible and not draw attention to himself, he tried to use his thumb to cover his picture on the bottom left corner of the magazine. The smiling cashier reached for the magazine with one hand and held the bar code scanner with the other. Zac did not want to let go of his hold on the magazine, but the cashier continued to tug.
"I won't be able to ring it up if you don't let go." The cashier said good-naturedly.
Zac released his grip, and the cashier took the magazine, turned it over and scanned the bar code.
"You know, I'm an amateur photographer and have a good eye for faces." Zac listened patiently but could not understand where the conversation was going. The cashier continued: "I love Cynthia Gaynor's work. She regularly recruits local college kids for her photoshoots, so I always check to see if she's the contributing photographer and look for her models. You were easy to spot."
Zac now felt even more exposed than he did when Wanda and the girls had found his pictures in Playdude. Having this conversation with the cashier at the liquor store made his stomach queasy.
The cashier continued. "I'll tell you what, if I can get an autograph on your photospread, I'll comp you a copy." Zac thought for a moment and decided to do it. "What the hell." He said and opened the magazine to where his pictures were featured. He looked them over and chose one where he was showering. The steam had created an ethereal look to the image and showed him arching his back and flexing while he had his finger intertwined behind his head. He was smiling at the camera, and he had to admire Cynthia's artistry and skill behind the lens.
Zac grabbed the pen on the chain used for the credit card receipts and signed his name in the margin. He walked back, grabbed another copy, and handed it over. The cashier made a quick adjustment to the register, which now showed a zero-dollar total and put the second magazine into a bag.
Zac was heading out the door when he paused and turned back towards the cashier. "Have you ever heard of a magazine called 'straight with a question mark' or something called 'ee vee zero zero'?"
The cashier tilted his head back and thought. "Well, I suppose the first one could be 'Straight' where they use a stylized 'question mark' instead of the letter 'S'. The name looks something like this, as he drew on a scrap piece of paper. "?traight" It will make sense when you see the font they use. The second one has me stumped, unless you mean 'EVOO', just like the cooking shows. They call their magazine models 'operators', and they are always oiled down in their photos. You know 'extra virgin oiled operators', EVOO."
Zac grimaced as he thought back to the pictures Cynthia had taken. He remembered applying the coconut oil and goofing off for her camera. He also remembered looking up at the monitors and seeing the images of his arse clearly on display as the strobe lights flashed and her camera clicked.
The cashier continued: "Straight with a question mark focuses on getting allegedly straight men to pose for very gay pictures, if you know what I mean. The model usually has his finger up his butt."
Zac was starting to blush and could not believe that he had been so cooperative with Cynthia's requests.
The cashier was not paying attention to Zac and sounded like he was lecturing in front of a class. "On the other hand, EVOO is all about getting their models to glisten for the camera. Those guys are all bending over and spreading their ass cheeks. Half the time, they don't bother to show the face. They focus on the dick and balls from behind and it's always a close-up of them spreading."
Zac wanted to run away and hide but could not think what he should do next.
The cashier tried to sound helpful. "You know the big bookstore downtown by the Evangelical-Christian college? In the back, they have a rack of foreign language newspapers. If you continue past the newspapers, you will find a door that opens to a room with a huge selection of adult magazines. I know for a fact that they carry both of those publications."
Zac's legs were wobbly as he got back into his car. He called his girlfriend to say that he was working on a project and would be an hour or so late. She let him know that it was perfectly OK since dinner was taking a little longer than usual. He drove downtown and felt fortunate to find a readily available parking spot. It dawned on him that as bustling as it was during the day, the downtown area was a little rough and quickly emptied out after 5pm.
There were very few customers in the bookstore, and no one was really paying attention to him, but Zac had the guilty feeling that all their eyes were watching him. He walked quickly past the vast expanse of shelves holding college textbooks, novels, historical drama, popular fiction, children's books, and all the other various reading paraphernalia and headed towards the wall of foreign language newspapers. They hung from horizontal poles and looked like abstract wallpaper from a distance. He walked down the hallway and was able to find where the liquor store clerk had described. He furtively looked around, turned the handle, and stepped quickly through the doorway where there was an overhead sign that read: "Adult Reading Section".
Inside the room, it smelled musty or perhaps it was the odor of ejaculation. Fortunately, there was no one else in the room, although he could see the video cameras mounted in each of the top corners. The room was a sight to behold, as Zac had no idea there were so many porno magazines. There were labels on the shelves that were probably intended to be helpful guides, but it just made him feel unsettled. In addition to the American publications, there were British, Japanese, Brazilian, German, Russian, Dutch and the Middle East - it was like at atlas of the world. Within these geographies, there were magazines marketed to straight men, bi men, and gay men. There were magazines targeting straight women and lesbians. There were bondage and discipline magazines, spanking magazines, and tickling magazines. There were magazines that featured close-up photos of women's feet as they unpeeled bananas. Zac was overwhelmed and temporarily forgot why he had gone there.
Abruptly the door opened, and a couple of girls in their twenties scampered into the room. They were chattering loudly, and they had obviously been there many times since they seemed to know exactly what they wanted.
They were both gorgeous, the type with good looks that would always make them the center of attention in any room. The taller one was thin with puffed out tits that instantly made you take notice. She had chestnut colored hair that was cut in a bob. She was wearing skinny jeans and a white blouse. Simple hoop earrings were the only jewelry she wore. The shorter one was a little more full-figured in the hips, with oversized boobs. Her long blonde hair was a color only found in a bottle of hair dye. She was wearing a bright pink tracksuit, high-top tennis shoes and was festooned with costume jewelry.
Their entrance into the room focused Zac's attention and he began his search for the two magazines that Kirt had mentioned. He scanned the shelves labeled "gay men" and was able to find the EVOO magazine. It was wrapped in cellophane, and crinkled loudly when he picked it up. He looked to confirm that it was the current month's edition.
Well, that was easy. He began looking for 'straight with a question mark'. Within each section, the magazines had been alphabetized but he was not sure where he would find the second publication. As his eyes glanced over the magazine covers, he was suddenly mortified. On the cover of one publication, he saw his image staring back at him. Unlike the mainstream adult publications that have a steamy but rather modest picture on the front cover, the cover picture on this magazine was very explicit. It clearly showed his face, he was bent over and looking back at the camera, smiling while he was spreading his butt cheeks. His tight asshole was clearly on display and was being shown for the whole world to see in graphic detail.
He hesitantly picked up the magazine. He thought his pounding heart would beat through his chest. He stood there transfixed. "Oh my god." He thought to himself. Zac's vision was blurry, and he could not think. He initially considered buying every copy of that magazine they had on display, but he reasoned their inventory system would flag his purchase and identify that the issue had been sold out and they would immediately double the quantity of their reorder. He continued to hold the magazine at arm's length and stare at his image. He did not notice that the two young women were now standing next to him. "Hey, you're cute." The taller one said. The other one chimed in, "Let me guess, Cynthia Gaynor."
Zac was still feeling dazed but focused his attention on the two women who were beside him. The shorter one continued: "It feels weird the first time you see your pussy in an extreme close-up, but after a while you feel empowered. I love it when I'm on the cover."
The taller girl interrupted. "We could tell this was your first time. Don't worry, the world is not coming to an end."
The shorter girl sounded excited as she started speaking again. "Cynthia first approached my boyfriend, but he got scared." She trembled her fingers and exaggerated her voice. "At least the chickenshit gave us her card and we've done several sessions. Here, you want to look?"
She handed Zac the magazine she had been holding. It was also wrapped in cellophane and was entitled "Co-ed Lesbians." The cover picture was extremely graphic. The shorter girl was naked and down on her hands and knees with her ass and pussy facing the camera. It was a three-quarters perspective for the viewer so that her tits and smiling face were also clearly included in the frame. The taller girl was sitting on the bottom girl's hips, with her legs in a straddled position and spread wide apart. The taller girl was spreading her own pussy with one hand and was shoving a large clear dildo into her friend's asshole. Zac was mesmerized and realized that he had been holding his breath the entire time he had been studying the image. "Whadda you think?" The shorter one cackled with delight. Zac was speechless.
Zac realized his jaw had gone slack and clamped his teeth together. "I don't know what to say."
The taller one spoke up again. "I suppose you're wondering why Maggie and I would spend the money when Cynthia will send us copies.
Maggie looked sheepish and took up the thread of the conversation. "We just like seeing ourselves on display in here and besides, Cynthia usually only sends us one copy. We each want our own."
Zac was feeling emboldened. "How long have you two known Cynthia?"
Maggie spoke up again. "After my initial photoshoot, Emily got me started doing the girl-on-girl stuff. It pays a lot more. We also make great money by making referrals. Cynthia pays $200 for anyone we send her, and this here gives us credibility." She held up the magazine in both hands so Zac could see the cover again.
"Any regrets?" Zac asked cautiously.
Maggie snickered. "Are you kidding? We love it. It's quick money and the guys in my class can't wait to help me with my homework. It's been a while since I've had to write my own term paper. But the easiest money comes from referrals."
Emily was also excited. "All we need to do is schedule an appointment with Cynthia and she does the rest. She pays us $200 whether they model for her or not. Of course, as you probably know, she can be quite persuasive.
Maggie shook her head in amusement. "I told my boyfriend that we could split the referral fee if he just made an appointment to see Cynthia. He ended up posing for her, locked in a pillory with a vibrator up his ass. His daddy's rich and he's always had a surly attitude. Apparently, he didn't realize how vulnerable he was once Cynthia had his ankles, wrists and neck secured. He told me that she spanked him with a riding crop and made him count the number of strokes. If she was not satisfied with his enthusiasm, she made him ask for another. If he forgot to say please, they started the count all over. His daddy thought sending him to an Evangelical college would help his manners. Cynthia did more to improve his attitude in a couple of hours than three years of Bible study. After she was through with the spanking, she started exploring his glory hole. Although he confided in me that his butt was sore for a week, he said it was the most fun he'd had in ages. Told me he'd get naked in the stockade again if I'd come along. He thinks I'm going to be easier on him than Cynthia, but he doesn't know what I have in mind." She rolled her eyes and chuckled.
Emily now chimed in; "I told him we'd have a three-way, but we have something else in in store for him. Once he's naked and locked in the pillory with a gag over his mouth, I'm going to clamp a chastity cage on his cock. I'm going to let him know that he won't get the key back until he apologizes to everyone at school he's insulted. At that point, Maggie is going to bring out the big strap-on she used on me in our last session. He won't like the pegging at first, but he'll soon realize he loves it."
"We've been working with Cynthia for a couple of years. We'll make more in one session than an entire semester working at the coffee shop. Did Cynthia show you her new lair in the basement? It looks like a frightening dungeon and is completely sound-proofed, so the neighbors don't complain. She's looking to get into video, and you know, sound quality is important."
They looked at one another and giggled.
Zac handed their magazine back and thanked them. Emily asked, "For what?" Zac responded, "For helping me embrace the new me."
He rolled up the magazines and walked hurriedly to the front of the store, where he paid and put his publications into a brown bag. He got into his car and drove home as quickly as possible. As he parked, he noticed some flickering lights coming from inside the house, but the dining room and living room lights were off. Zac looked up at the streetlight and noted that the neighborhood had not lost power. He wondered if his girlfriend had tripped a breaker or blown a fuse and was waiting for him to fix it.
As soon as he opened the door, he could smell the distinct aroma of pork roast with root vegetables in apple cider vinegar baking in the oven. The overhead lights had been turned off but there were candles flickering everywhere. He looked over at the dining room table and saw a circle of lit tea candles with a copy of Playdude in the center.
He walked into the kitchen and could see his girlfriend bent over checking the roast in the oven. She was wearing the black negligee he had bought her as a birthday present. She heard him enter the room, straightened up and turned around. She flashed him a huge smile and her brown eyes twinkled in the candlelight. "Oh, hi honey. I'm so glad your home."
His girlfriend was always hot, but she looked incredible in this light. She was a few inches taller than Zac with square shoulders. Her chocolate brown skin was flawless, and she wore her hair in tight braids. She had prominent cheek bones, wide-set eyes, and a sexy mouth with full lips. Her nipples were at attention, and her breasts perked out the flimsy negligee fabric. Zac could feel himself getting hard. She had a lithe, athletic body with long graceful arms. She was unusually strong and could hold her on when they love-wrestled together. Her body was toned, and she had a gorgeous bubble butt. Zac had asked her to pose nude for him, but she always demurred, saying that she wanted to lose three to five pounds first.
Zac did not know what to say and simply gazed at her beauty. She broke the silence by saying she was cooking his favorite meal and asked if he wanted anything to drink. Zac swallowed hard and said that a cold beer would be great. He was still trying to understand what this all meant and why there was a copy of Playdude on the dining room table.
"Grace, I've been meaning to tell you something." Zac was not sure how he was going to explain his modeling gig and recent public exposure. Based on the reaction thus far, she did not appear angry at him, but he was not sure how to proceed.
She put her index finger on his lips. "Not another word until I get you nice and comfortable, then you can tell me all about it."
As Zac was going towards the living room, he passed by the dining room table with the Playdude on display. He picked up the copy and effortlessly flipped it to his photos. Yep, that was him all right. He held onto the magazine as he made his way over to his easy chair. In addition, he had brought along the brown bag with the other two magazines he had picked up at the downtown bookstore.
He had just sat down when Grace entered the living room carrying a beer.
"Here you go honey, I bet it's been a long day." She smiled and winked at him.
Zac figured he needed to get everything off his chest. "I guess by now, the whole world has seen my naked body." He stopped, not knowing what to say next. "And it's not just Playdude."
She sighed and gave him a passionate kiss. "Well, I can't blame you." She almost sounded apologetic. "I've wanted to get your photos published ever since I first saw you naked. I'm just glad you took the initiative."
Zac took a long swig of beer before continuing. "These other magazines make Playdude look tame." He took the other two magazines out of the bag and tore open the cellophane and handed her the copies. Without saying a word, she took the magazines and began flipping through the pages. Zac was watching her intently trying to gauge her reaction. She paused and started staring at one of the pages. Zac suspected that she was looking at his images.
"I'm not sure what my mama would say," she paused for effect, "But I think you have the most beautiful butthole in the world." She smiled and gave him another kiss.
Zac was still not certain if she fully approved of his naked pictures appearing in a gay nudie magazine.
She continued, "I've seen your stash of porn and lots of people enjoy looking at pussy. I'm not sure why anyone wants to see a puss without her face included in the picture, but that's OK. Is your butthole any different than looking at an extreme close-up of a pussy?"
He took another swig of beer. "The big difference is that it's MY asshole on display. Besides, what would your mother think if she knew?"
"Here's the thing - we all have assholes and if someone gets their jollies by looking at 'em, I can live with that. Don't worry so much. There would probably be a lot less hostility in the world if everyone was naked." She leaned over and pressed her body into his and gave him a big hug.
"Tell you what, after dinner I want you to shower, and I'll be waiting for you with my camera. Plus, I've figured out how to use the self-timer so I can join in on the fun. After that, you're going to sign a model release and if you're ever mean to me, I'm going to show this magazine to mama. She'll paddle your scrawny White ass bent over her knee with your pants and underwear down around your ankles. If she doesn't get you crying with the plastic hairbrush, she'll have you fetch her the wooden one."
Zac laughed, "Sounds like fun."
Grace looked at him sternly, 'You can laugh now Mr. Tough Guy, but I'll be there with my camera and those will be the pictures that get sent in for publication."
She gave him a kiss and walked back into the kitchen. "By the way, after our photo session, I'm going to suck your big, beautiful dick until you're ready to explode and then you're going to make mad, passionate love to me. Now do you feel better?"
Zac could not have hoped for a better reception from Grace that evening and it was followed by a late night filled with fun, excitement, and a full memory card on her camera. The next day, he was exhausted but since it was Friday, he decided to stop by the local taproom for a beer after work. By now, he figured all his buddies were aware of his new-found notoriety and he might as well face the music.
He spotted a group of guys that he knew, sitting at a corner table, giggling like schoolgirls. There were about a half-dozen of them huddled around a small table in the corner, with an empty chair on the far side. Zac approached them and one of them glanced over at him and nodded his head at the others. The conversation came to an immediate halt, and everyone looked over at him. As he walked closer to the table, they all scooted their chairs back and in an exaggerated manner, pointed to the lone empty chair.
Zac took a seat, and once the table and other chairs were quickly reassembled, it pinned him into the corner. One of the guys asked nervously, "Do we sing now?" and Zac looked at him with a curious look.
Someone else said quickly: "No, let's give him a chance to have a drink first."
Zac was especially fond of his local taproom because of their knowledgeable staff and their attention to detail. Apparently, the server had anticipated his arrival because he had just sat down when she approached him with his favorite Belgium beer on her tray. It was easy to identify since it was served in its appropriate chalice glassware. Belgium monks had perfected the art of crafting beer, and for maximum satisfaction, each beer had its own specific drinking vessel.
He reached for his wallet, but she held up her hand as if she was telling him to stop. "We're good." She said and turned to walk away. Zac was puzzled and said: "What's going on?" The server replied, "You've got serious bank on your tab." He was still not sure what she meant and asked: "What does that mean?" As she was walking away, she pointed her thumb back over her shoulder, "Ask these jokers."
Zac looked imploringly around the table. "What is she talking about?"
One of the guys cleared his throat and said: "Yeah, I put five hundred dollars on your tab. You've got to promise never to tell my wife about those pictures in Playdude."
Another one of his buddies spoke up, "My wife wanted me to give you a hundred bucks. Said she's been wearing herself out - whatever that's supposed to mean. Told me to tell you that Grace has got to be the luckiest woman out there."
One of the other guys who had never gotten married said: "I put a thousand dollars on your tab. All I can say is that I have a new appreciation for extra virgin olive oil."
The others looked at him with furrowed brows, but the first guy spoke up again. "Is it time to sing yet?"
They immediately began a rousing chorus of:
Happy birthday-suit to you.
Happy birthday-suit to you.
Happy birthday-suit dear Zac.
Happy birthday-suit to you.
They pointed over to the bar. In a picture frame above the server's station was his copy of Playdude on display. One of the guys snorted and said: "Yeah, they got the pages laminated so they can pass 'em out like place mats." Everyone had a great time that night and his reputation merely continued to flourish.
A few weeks later, a large FedEx package arrived at his house. It was from Cynthia, but he could not figure out how she got his home address, until he remembered that she had a copy of his driver's license in her files. He opened the box to find that it contained at least two dozen glossy adult magazines. Only a few were in English, and he was curious what the text superimposed over his naked body said in the various foreign languages. He knew he was much too shy to ask a real person to translate the text, even if it was a stranger who was a professional translator. He tried using various free translation apps, but the text merely converted to random naughty words and gibberish. He decided it would remain a mystery. Included in the package was Cynthia's business card and written on the back was a reminder that he had promised her another photoshoot.
(not) The End!