He drove her home in the afternoon in his truck. She asked him to drop her off at the bus stop a few blocks away and walked the rest of the way home. Today was Friday, she had tonight and tomorrow night off. She would not be there to make his coffee, and then he was leaving Sunday to go to Daytona and he would be back the following Sunday late, so she would not see him until the next morning. That was ten, practically eleven, days that she would not be able to make his coffee, watch him drink it, or get a ride to his house to surrender herself to him.
The thought caused an unreasonable amount of stress for her. She calmed herself. This was temporary insanity and she was going to use those days to cure herself of her addiction to this old white man; this perfect, handsome, sexy, old white man. Sexy? Yeah, fuck the world, he was sexy. Maybe they would not put him in a magazine ad selling Calvins, but when she looked at him it made her want to fuck. He was sexy and if the rest of the world was blind to it, so much the better. Right? Fuck.
Apparently she wasn't the only girl out there with eyes for him though. He had his sexy booth girls. Were they attracted to him, or his money? They worked with him all day, selling his wares, and she imagined big tough biker types coming to him for advice on their bikes, making requests, deferring to his expertise. His authority, his juice with the bad boys, his money, all of these factors could mix to cause an enticing view of him in the eyes of a young woman. Young women were wired to seek out power and success. A man who had those could look attractive to a young woman who paid attention.
Work ethic, a desire to learn, and ambition; those were the traits her father taught her to seek in a man. That man being young and black was assumed. Maybe hers wasn't the only father that taught his daughters to seek those traits in a man. These were traits that created power and success. Her own father contributed to her being wired that way. Society and tradition did too. She bypassed all that programming by casting some strange magic spell on herself when she dosed that old white man's coffee with her pussy. She cringed at the thought so forcefully that her head shook in the effort to expel it from her mind.
Work ethic, a desire to learn, and ambition; Earl had those traits too. He started his day before six every morning, that was work ethic. He made custom motorcycle parts, that required a desire to constantly learn. He owned his own business, that practically defined ambition. Young and black were unmentioned expectations that Earl fell wide of. They were so basic that no one thought they had to be explained to her. And they didn't, she went off the rails on her own with respect to those.
Fuck. She was, her mind was, still trying to justify Earl as a romantic interest for her. She needed to get it, him, him and the prospect of a future with him, out of her head. Thankfully her father's BMW was not in the driveway when she turned the corner and could see her house. She did not want to deal with him. Even if he didn't say anything to her, there would be the stern disapproving looks from him. The curt nod to acknowledge her before he wordlessly turned his attention back to something that pleased him. He didn't need to say anything to her. He already said it all when she dropped out. He said it in calm and measured words and tones that unemotionally pointed out what a huge piece of shit she was, and how her individual actions and choices reflected on her entire family. She did not need that distraction right now.
She swallowed hard, gulped, and she could taste and smell Earl's come still in her mouth and throat. And in her nose, she could smell it and taste it, and it made her pussy throb. It was a lot and she swallowed most of it, but some got away from her. She knew that under her tee shirt, between her breasts, there was a dollop that landed there after it dripped down off her chin. She knew there was other residue on her skin too, and even more still in her. The fact she had so much of him on her, and in her, was driving her mad with lust right now. She needed to get in the house, out of her clothes, and into her bed to address her arousal.
In her head it was like a parting gift to Earl. None of this was his fault and she was going to drop him, hard, and she knew he already caught feelings for her. He said as much when he delicately broached the subject that morning as she lay with him. In her head it was a last nice thing to do for him before she left him forever. In another part of her head she wanted to give him something to think about, something to compare to, as he fucked around with sexy booth girls.
Sometime after she fell asleep in his bed he must have, carefully so he didn't wake her, disentangled himself from her embrace and left her to sleep. When she woke he was on the phone in his home office. He was making arrangements for his upcoming big week at the bike rally. He was probably talking to a prospective sexy booth girl, making arrangements for three, not two, three sexy booth girls to sell his wares, party after, and fuck all night while he was away from Ashanti. She couldn't be sure because she could not clearly hear his conversation, but that was where her head went.
She looked over and saw he placed a tall glass of orange juice on the nightstand next to the bed. It was still cold so she knew he made an effort to get the timing right. This was the third time she slept over so he knew roughly how long she slept, and he kept track of that. After she was up he would offer to make her something to eat, she would decline. She rolled over and sat up and took a sip of the OJ. It was fresh squeezed, delicious, and she gulped at it after the first sip. This was nice. A girl could get used to this. The right girl could, but not her. This, he, was not for her. Maybe repeating this to herself like a mantra would break the spell she cast on herself.
"Good afternoon," he said from the doorway to his bedroom. He was back in his cargo shorts, tee shirt, and flip flops. He had the big gold hoop earring in his left ear, dangling, looking sexy on him. His eyes took her in, devoured her nudity, and communicated intense desire.
"Hi, what time is it?"
"A little after two."
"You think you can drive me home?"
"Sure, you want to go right now?"
"Not right away, if we leave by three I can beat my dad home and not have to deal with his shit. That would be cool."
"Okay, can I make you some afternoon breakfast or anything?"
"No thanks. You got time to lay with me a bit before we go?"
"Hell yeah," he said and he peeled his shirt off and dropped his shorts and underwear while kicking off his flops. She giggled at his haste as moments later he was naked in the bed. She took another sip of the OJ then set it down and lay back onto him.
She rested her head on his round belly. It was cushy, like a pillow, and she was aware that his dick was directly to the left of her head where it lay on his belly. His fluffy beard was inches to her right. His right hand came down and caressed her right breast where she lay at a right angle to him on his bead. His big hands squeezed and massaged her breast sensually, her little nipple hardened. She imagined she could lay here with him, like this, for hours. She could read a book, or maybe he could read one to her, or they could each read their own books to themselves, and they could waste away an afternoon like this, and it would be Heaven.
"You got awfully straight hair for a black girl," he said as he ran his fingers through her braids.
"Yeah, me and my sisters all do, like I said, there's some Apache in the bloodline at some point. I keep it braided because it's easy, but if I leave it be it can fro up too."
"I like the braids," he said. He said it like his opinion mattered. Like a husband might tell a wife how he preferred she keep her hair styled. As if an old white man's opinion about how a young black girl managed her ethnic hair was an endorsement. If he liked it, she should probably change it; it was out of date. Why did she like it braided so much more now then? What the fuck was that?
Where was all that coming from? Earl did nothing to her to deserve these angry thoughts. The man said he liked her hair the way it was. She injected all that other bullshit in there. Was she looking for reasons to leave him? Was she trying to find some offense he might have committed to justify what she was going to do to him? She didn't need it. She already told him what her plans were and, fantastic man that he is, he accepted it. Why did he accept it so easily? He should be begging her to go with him. He should rage against the idea she might want to leave him.
She shook off all those thoughts. She was the fucked up one here, not him. He was the good guy and she was the bad woman. He didn't deserve what she was planning to do to him. He made it as easy for her as he could. He agreed her attraction to him was not in her best interests, and, in her best interests, he supported her decision to end it even if he would regret not being with her.
She looked down at his hand working her breast. It was white, with hair on the hard knuckles, on thick strong fingers. It was a man's hand, with rough and calloused palms and fingers, that did hard work every day. His fingernails were clean, and trimmed, but it was obvious he trimmed them himself. Her tit, smooth, firm, and brown, with the darker smudge of quarter sized nipple, looked good in his white hand. It felt good to be absently fondled by him as they spoke. She felt her pussy throb and her core melt to thick gooey slickness. She thought about his coffee that morning. Her pussy throbbed again.
She wanted to suck his dick. She hadn't done that for him yet. She considered herself fairly experienced for an eighteen year old girl, but she had not sucked off many men. She didn't hate it but it made her feel subservient to the man she did that for, and she had not been with many men she felt deserved her subservience. The few times she performed the act in the past, she did it out of her own curiosity. Her older sisters assured her there was no way to do it wrong other than to keep her teeth off the dick, but even then, if she had a man's dick in her mouth; that man was happy. She wanted to make Earl happy, and curiously, she was comfortable being subservient to him.
She rolled onto her left side so she was now looking down his belly at his fat dick. His hand slid off her breast as she rolled and now he moved it up to squeeze her shoulder. His white hand, her black shoulder, her pussy throbbed again imagining the contrast. His dick lay on his thigh, half-chubbed, and her right hand came up and curled her fingers around it. She felt blood pump into it and it thickened and lengthened in her hand. He let out a sigh and his hand slid down her shoulder to her her hip flare and squeezed there.
His dick was hard, rigid, in her hand now. About three inches of white dick stuck out of the top of her hand where she held it by the base in her fist. The knob on the top, the ring of smooth flesh just below it, the scarred area where he was circumcised fifty years ago, and the thick and thin veins running up the shaft under that see through upper layer of white skin, it was a visual treat for her. It was a fantastic cock. She liked the way it looked, she liked the way it felt, and she now wanted to find out how it tasted.
He hissed as she eased her head down the slope of his belly toward his cock in her fist. She pulled his tight dick flesh up the rigid shaft so it rolled over, and covered, the knob. Then she pulled it all the way down tight so his dick stood fiercely at attention, straining against its own skin. It looked like it grew another inch when she held it like this. She exhaled her warm breath onto it from about an inch away. He hissed again and she chuckled. It was a sexy noise he made.
She jabbed her tongue out and swiped it over his head, then she did it again, and pulled back to see the head shiny with her spit. He tasted good. He tasted and smelled clean like he showered after they fucked and she went to sleep. She could not detect any of her flavor on him, nor the taste of any semen, yet. She liked her flavor and would have gladly tasted herself on him, but clean was good too.
She lowered her head farther and laid her left cheek on his hard shaft, used her head to press his dick down onto his belly, then lowered her hand to gather up his heavy ball sack into the palm of her hand. She pressed his ball sack up over her mouth and she swirled her tongue across his balls. He was hairy and she felt his ball hairs in her mouth. This was supposed to be revolting, but it wasn't, because it was Earl, and that was fucked up. She sucked one of his balls into her mouth and swiped her tongue across it. Earl moaned.
She popped one ball out, then sucked the other one in, then tried to get them both in. It was a mouthful but she got them both into her mouth and sucked all the way down to the base of his ball sack so the left corner of her mouth was pressed against the crux where his scrotum met his shaft. She pulled her head back and let his balls get dragged out of her mouth until they popped free. She put the head of his cock on her lips and kissed it then eased her head down and opened her lips to take it in slowly.
His fat dick stretched her lips as it slid into her mouth. She moved her hand up from the base to feel his dick skin bunch up against her plump lips. He was rigid and she felt his belly twitch. She eased her mouth down farther and his girth filled her mouth and pressed her tongue flat in her mouth. As the tip of his cock reached her throat her mouth filled with saliva and helped lubricate the operation. She slowly got his dick all the way into her mouth. The head was past her gag reflex and created a suctioning noise as she poked it in and out of her throat.
After not many strokes of his fat dick all the way in then almost all the way out of her mouth he let out a groan and warned her he was about to come but she did not take his cock out of her mouth. She wanted him to come in her mouth. She pulled her head back a little so she could taste it. She wanted to know his flavor. Maybe it would repulse her. Maybe his old white man come would ruin the spell she cast on herself. Maybe it would be bitter and acrid and taste like disease. It didn't, it tasted salty sweet, and it was a lot. His cock seemed to burst with a twitch in her mouth. It jerked like the recoil of a powerful cannon in her mouth and jetted several gushers of yummy jizz into her mouth.
Her mouth filled with the thick hot liquid quickly, she swallowed even as she felt some escape from the corners of her mouth. It landed on his pubic mound and smeared up her cheek as she continued to bob her head up and down on the spurting shaft. It throbbed and she could see the wide tube that ran along the bottom of his cock thicken in throbs as more man sauce shot up his shaft and into her mouth. She swallowed another mouthful then pulled her head back and off it and the next rope shot out and splattered her face as she continued to jerk his cock with her hand. She put her mouth back over the head and squeezed the last spurts and drips into her mouth.
She sat up and back onto her knees and looked at him. He looked up at her with half-lidded eyes and she hoped the site of her black skin, shiny with his come, was one he would treasure in his memories. She used her fingers to wipe the come on her face into her mouth. When she opened to suck it in is when a little drooled out of her mouth, down her chin, and fell onto her cleavage. She swallowed the rest then leaned down over her knees and took him back in her mouth to suck his dick clean of all his come. She got more off his pubis where some dripped from her mouth.
"That was amazing," he groaned and his body looked slack and relaxed as his dick softened slowly in her hand. "Can I return the favor?"
It was tempting. He could eat pussy, well, and she loved his face between her legs, but this was for him, and she needed to get home. She shook her head and blew him a kiss. As she gathered her clothes, rather than put her panties on, she put them in. She still had a sloppy pussy full of come from that morning and she didn't want to lose a drop, so she rolled up her thong tight down to the size of a tampon and fingered it into her pussy. She stepped into her jeans and pulled them on and snapped them. Hopefully she was not going to see him ever again, but she was in his presence now, had just sucked his dick, and had to leave. She was ravenous for him and his jizz would be a masturbatory aid as soon as she got home. She did all this with her back to him so he wouldn't know. When she stood up and turned to him as she pulled her shirt down over her breasts. He reluctantly rolled out of bed and put his clothes back on and drove her home.
The memory made her think about his hairy balls in her mouth and she hoped she could find one of his hairs. She would use it, in her mouth, or on her clit, when she got behind a locked door to also aid in her masturbation. She wasn't sure what kind of sick shit that was about, and she was getting tired of surprising herself with these kinds of thoughts about this man. She ran her tongue around in her mouth to see if she could find a hair.
She went through her front door, the house felt empty and quiet and she hoped it was. She went to her bedroom and locked the door. She shed her clothes and was naked by the time she reached her bed. She crawled up on it, turned, and flung herself onto her back and her legs spread and her knees came up to her shoulders as she dug her index and middle fingers of her right hand deep into her pussy.
She pulled her come soaked panties out of her pussy and put them in her mouth. As they unrolled in her mouth there was an explosion of flavors, his and hers, and she moaned around her juicy panties then sucked on them to draw out more flavor. She felt the hot moisture in her pussy and knew it was a mix of her and him. He came a bucket into her that morning. She swirled her fingers inside herself until she felt a thick coating on her fingers. She brought them out and up to her mouth and sucked the creamy white sex juices off her digits.
She was already on the edge by the time she applied the index and middle fingers of her left hand to her hard shiny little clit. She twirled it under her fingers while she stuck two fingers on her right hand back into her pussy from around her thigh and underneath. She moaned around the panties in her mouth as her body shuddered through her crashing orgasm. It was not as good as being with Earl, but it was as close as she was ever going to get again.
She curled up onto her side after she came and let her eyes close. She had a lot of life fixing to do in the next week, and that could start after a nap. Earl was probably back at work, maybe at his home office, or maybe he went to his shop. She thought about his long hair, tendrils of it hanging down into his face, the glint of the gold hoop in his ear, the stormy look his eyes had when he looked at her, how he laughed. She was going to miss all that. Maybe she would dream of him.
It was after nine at night when she woke up. She looked at the alarm clock on her nightstand and cursed. She was vaguely aware of someone knocking on her door at some point, her mother probably calling her to dinner, but she never bothered to get up. It would be one more thing for her dad to give her shit about. She still did not want to deal with him.
All the bedrooms in their custom built house were master bedrooms in that they all had their own attached bathrooms. This was handy right now because it meant she did not have to risk running into her father in the process of getting ready to go out. She was on a quest to find an age-appropriate man to fuck her joints loose and take her to heights of pleasure no fifty year old fat man, especially Earl, ever could. This man would be in his early twenties, black, built, and preferably hung. She knew where they congregated, and she knew what they liked.
"Hey bitch," she said into her phone when Elaine answered.
"Hey bitch," Elaine replied and giggled.
"I want to go to Ybor, tonight, you down?"
"Hell yeah," Elaine said.
"Good, ho-up and come get me, park down the street though. I am sneaking out."
"Girl, you are too old to be grounded. Why you sneaking?"
"I just don't want to deal. You got a fake ID right?"
"Yeah."
"Cool, how long until you get here?"
"Half hour."
"I'll be ready.
She took a shower, applied her make up, then slid her curvy body into a tight tube dress. The top made a straight line across her boobs about an inch above her nipples. The bottom of the dress did the same thing about an inch under her round ass. Her tits were pushed together into eye candy cleavage for her target. It would be impossible to not show her pussy as she got out of Elaine's car and she didn't care. She was not wearing a bra or underwear. She was advertising and she wanted her message to be clear; Ashanti was down to fuck.
Ybor was crowded, as usual, at eleven-thirty at night on a Friday. Revelers staggered from bar, to pizza joint, to tattoo parlor, to head shop, and then to more bars. Elaine and Ashanti walked among them, late arrivals, still sober and therefore out of place but welcome because of their minuscule club wear. They were noticed by everybody and several men made comments as they passed. Elaine wore a similar outfit and she was beautiful in a different way than Ashanti.
Elaine had the compact gymnast's body that Ashanti used to wish she had. Elaine could have gone to the Olympics with that tight little body if she gave a shit about gymnastics. She only started with the gymnastics because Ashanti did, and she quit the day after Ashanti did. She was a little over five feet tall and about a hundred and twenty pounds of strenuous gymnastics practice sculpted muscle and a round Puerto Rican booty that belonged on those Spanish channel variety shows her mother watched. Now she wore six inch stripper heels so she was taller and her legs looked obscenely long.
They went and got in line at a club that had the right sounds thumping through the walls at them. There were several packs of bitches dressed similarly to them, but none looked as good as they did. The hater looks came at them and Ashanti and Elaine, accustomed to hate from other bitches, ignored them. Elaine lit a cigarette as they waited in the line and reminded Ashanti of Earl. She shook it off.
"How's the job?"
"It sucks girl, you know it sucks. Why you even asking?"
"I don't know it sucks. I never been there."
"And don't ever go there. I never want you to see me like that." They both laughed.
"I need a job too. They hiring?"
"Probably, but you don't want that job."
"Why. What's so bad about it?"
"You been in a convenience store, right bitch? I got to tell you why that job sucks?"
"No, I guess not."
"Look, I love you like a sister, more than my own sisters, but we eighteen now, we adults, you got to find your own shit to get into."
"You don't want to hang out anymore?"
"You're stupid." Ashanti laughed and shook her head. "We been best bitches since fifth grade. We going to hang out forever. I'm just saying it would be okay if you found your own thing."
"Like what?"
"I don't know? What do you like to do?"
"I like hanging out with you bitch," Elaine snapped at her and they laughed. "Maybe I'll get into that cam-show shit."
"Cam-show shit?"
"Yeah, this dude handed me his card at the mall. Says he can set me up with a cam-show. He says I can make a couple hundred a day."
"Cam-show as in you show all your goodies on the internet?"
"Yeah."
"You know, people we know going to see that, see you, see your goodies."
"I don't care. We don't know them anymore."
"You miss high school huh?" Elaine was popular in high school. They both were. Life was a little harder when everybody didn't already know you.
"A little. We graduated and everybody left. Tampa is like a ghost town now."
"You're stupid," Ashanti said with a chuckle and gestured at the crowded streets around them.
"I mean our people Ash, they all left, even you. Thank God you came back."
"How your classes at HCC?"
"Boring."
"Stick with it. I wish I had."
College kicked Ashanti's ass in much the same way everybody they knew leaving was kicking Elaine's. At college they didn't know Ashanti, or didn't give a shit about what they knew about her. Her father was not a big deal like he was in Tampa. The boys didn't know her since she was a kid. The teachers didn't seem to care about her academic history. It was like starting over academically and socially. Ashanti had a lot invested in everybody knowing who she was, and what she was about, by the time she graduated high school. Reestablishing herself, again, felt like too much. She got depressed, in one semester everything fell apart.
"Front of the line," a man with a headset barked at her. He was a short white man, muscular, with a headset on. He held the waist high divider strap that separated the line for the club from the rest of the sidewalk up and gestured for Ashanti and Elaine to pass under it. There were boos and cheers from those in line around them. Ashanti and Elaine accepted blue chips from the man who pointed toward the front of the line. "Two coming up," he said into his mic.
At the front of the line the doorman, a separate doorman from the main doorman, took their chips, glanced at their fake ID's, and opened a side door for them. Ashanti and Elaine stepped into the club and were bathed in the alternate reality of clubbing. It was packed, dark, and hot, and the music could be felt as well as heard. There was a large dance floor, and many bars, and people were everywhere. Someone dragged their palm across her ass as they squeezed by and Ashanti didn't bother to look and see who it was. Multicolored lights strobed and swept in every direction. Ashanti and Elaine made their way toward one of the closer bars.
"Ladies," someone yelled. He was smiling big and held up two pink drinks. Behind him Ashanti saw he had a table, with bottle service, and mostly guys sat around it. He was cute, but just a white guy of average build, and not the brute she was looking for. She wrinkled her nose and shook him off as she held Elaine back by her arm as she started to head toward the man and his table of friends.
Ashanti did not have a lot of experience with clubs, but her older sisters did, and she knew better than to accept candy from strangers. The alcohol was just one of many stimulants in the club. She knew there were many other kinds changing hands in the dark corners and some could easily wind up in her drink if she wasn't careful. She would make sure Elaine and her drinks were made by a bartender, and she would keep an eye on them.
"Vodka cranberry," Ashanti shouted at the bartender when she got her attention. Elaine held up two fingers to indicate she wanted the same and the bartender nodded and went to make the drinks. She was not a big drinker, but they were in a club, and if she held a full drink less men would try to buy her one. She dug a twenty out of her clutch and gave it to the bartender when the drinks came.
She normally wouldn't mind having her drinks paid for by a stranger, but tonight she was not the willing prey. Tonight she was the hunter, and she was hunting big game. She did not care if her prey had a good work ethic, or a desire to learn, or ambition, or even lively conversation. She was looking for a brute, a man who could fuck the perversions out of her and get her back on the right track.
"They must pay pretty good at that store for you to turn down free drinks," Elaine shouted as she sipped at her drink.
"Yeah, that's not it. I just don't trust those guys, or whatever extras they might put in our drinks."
"He was cute."
"Yeah, I am looking for more than cute tonight though."
"What you looking for?"
"Shoulders, pectorals, abs, dick, and arms to hold me tight; all big, all black. Tattoos are a plus."
"We better off drinking that cute guy's spiked drinks," Elaine said with a roll of her eyes and she drained the rest of her drink. Ashanti laughed and sipped at her drink.
She looked around the club for a candidate. There were more black people than white in the club. No one was older than thirty, there were no beards, no hoop earrings, no cargo shorts, or flipflops. There were both black and white guys with their pants hanging low on their asses. This identified them as still children to her, not ready to let go of childish things. There were also men in suits, dressed to impress, with shiny watches, and fashionable ties. These too were not what she was looking for, but for different reasons. The dance floor was packed with bodies writhing to the thump from the speakers. The lights flashed over the crowd too fast for her mind to register any details.
"Want to dance?" she shouted to Elaine and Elaine shrugged.
Ashanti drained her glass and took Elaine by the hand as she headed for the dance floor. They were intercepted by a sharply dressed black man, tall, lean, wearing a suit made of some shiny material. He smiled a brilliant white smile at them. He leaned in and said something into her ear, she didn't catch it over the music, but she shook her head and stepped around him. She heard his friends laughing at him from somewhere behind her.
"That dude was fine," Elaine said loudly so Ashanti could hear her.
"He was, but he does not fit the profile. I am looking to get gorilla fucked, not romanced."
"The dude you are looking for is going to be dangerous."
"I hope so," Ashanti muttered to herself as they reached the edge of the dance floor.
She put her target brute out of her mind, along with Elaine's opinion, and all thoughts of old white men. She focused on the music, the beat, and let her body move to it. Elaine followed her onto the floor and they danced together. Music and movement was soothing, a release. She could lose herself in it, always could, and she let herself. People said to dance like no one is watching, that's how Ashanti danced, she thought everybody did, and it took her a long time to understand the advice. She felt sorry for people who were self-conscious about how their body reacted to good sounds.
She felt herself get sweaty as her dancing, and more people coming onto the dance floor, pushed her away from the edge. It was a crush of people in the center, moving to the sounds crashing out of the speakers. There was not a lot of room to dance with abandon, she stayed in her area though, and she was able to move enough to feel how she needed. Elaine was out of sight for the moment, but Ashanti was sure she would reappear. She closed her eyes and tried to let the music consume her.
She wasn't sure how long she was dancing before she opened her eyes again. It was several songs that were artfully blended together by the DJ. She opened her eyes because someone touched her, was touching her, and it did not feel like Elaine. She looked down at where a large right black hand was pressed lightly against her abdomen, the arm it was attached to curled around behind her. It was black, covered in tattoos, and looked muscular enough to possibly be the prey she was hunting.
She put her left hand over the man's hand and reached up with her right to clutch at the back of his neck. She still hadn't seen him but she knew he was tall and had dreadlocks now. She snaked her hand under his dreads and put it on his bare neck. It was wide, and thick, and attached to bowed trapezius muscles. She also felt his jacked biceps as he moved behind her and they brushed her back and shoulders. So far he felt promising.
His left hand came down and held her hip through the thin material of her tube dress and pulled her ass back against his crotch. She felt him grind his pelvis on her ass. There was a ridge of something behind her, pressed against her, that was not hard, yet, but impressive. The thumb of his right hand brushed the underside of her breast and she wondered how far he would go on this dance floor?
It was crowded and dark. His towering over her created the illusion of a canopy of privacy. It was no real privacy, less than a foot away a girl was dancing with her man, but nobody seemed to be paying attention to Ashanti and the brute who was roaming her body with his hands. She felt him pull her more firmly to his body, his right hand slid up her rib cage to cup her right breast fully. At the same time his left hand dropped and cupped her pussy. She felt his bare fingers brush the bare folds of her pussy. She felt him press his dick harder against his ass.
She looked around wildly, her heart pounding in her chest, to see if anybody could see them. Plenty could but she didn't spot any that were. Where was Elaine? Was this happening? Here? Was the rest of it going to happen? Here? Her plans were to wind up in some gangsters car, or a hotel room, maybe an apartment or house. It was never to fuck, or even get fondled, on a dance floor. His right hand kneaded her breasts, the right then the left, through the thin material, as she danced in his embrace from behind. She clutched at his muscular right forearm with the right hand while her left was pressed onto the back of his left as his fingers slid through the folds of her pussy.
He was making all the bold exhibitionist moves here, and she was greenlighting his trespasses on her body, but she was not comfortable just acquiescing to his advances. She was the hunter, not the prey, and she wanted to be more active. She dropped her right hand and slid it behind her back, she pushed it between his crotch and her ass and felt for his dick through his pants.
It was there, hanging long and heavy down along his left thigh. She grabbed and squeezed what she could of it through his pants and it felt impressive. She was momentarily distracted from it as she felt his right hand rise above her dress then delve down onto her bare cleavage to palm her left breast, skin to skin. His wrist and forearm pushed her dress down and off her left tit. Now she was dancing topless in the middle of a packed dance floor. She turned in his arms to hide her nudity from the rest of the club. His right hand stayed with her bare tits as she turned, but his left was now on her ass, his fingers sliding into her ass crack under her dress, the tip of a finger slid into her pussy hole from behind.
It was dry, and it hurt a little. She was looking into the man's chest, in a tank top, there was a bodybuilder's definition and more tattoos, this was who she had in mind when she came out. So why was she dry? She looked up to see his face but he dropped his head as she did and she felt his thick lips press to hers, then his tongue slide into her mouth. She liked kissing, maybe this would make her moist. She slid her tongue into his, she kissed him back, her right arm slid up over his shoulders and around his neck. Between them his right hand squeezed her breasts, behind her he had his left hand buried in the crack of her ass and the tip of one finger penetrated her dry pussy.
She let her left hand roam the front of his pants. So far he had been daring with her modesty, he exposed her breasts, had a finger in her, and he had taken no risks. She felt for his zipper as they kissed and she lowered it over the hard ridge in his pants. He moaned into her mouth. She reached into his pants and felt the thin material of his boxers. Her fingers delved further into his pants and looked for the fly in his boxers. As her hand found it, and slid into it, she felt her fingers touch the bare base of his cock. She wrapped her fingers as far around it as she could and tugged his dick up and out of his pants. This was a big dick that now pressed against her belly where the top of her dress was bunched.
She was still kissing him and she broke the kiss to glance around and see if anyone had noticed the spectacle that was them. She saw no one paying them any undue attention. She jacked the big dick in her hand from base to foreskin covered head, and it was a long stroke. It was at least eight or nine inches, and every bit as thick as Earls. Earl. Earl. At the thought of him she felt her pussy gush a little.
She shook the thought of him off. She needed to do this Earl free. She glanced around again and saw no one focused on them. Getting caught naked in public with a giant cock in her hand, and subsequently getting arrested for public indecency, or whatever the charge was for this, what she was doing right now, would be the cherry on top of the sundae of disappointments she was making her father eat lately. There would be no calm and measured words of admonishment from him on this. He was enough of a player in the community that her humiliation would make the news. This was a fatherly loss of composure, rage inducing, banishment from the family home level offense.
She felt the brute lower his right hand to her left ass cheek. The finger slid out of her and his left hand palmed her right ass cheek. She knew he was about to lift her off the floor and impale her pussy on his big black dick, but she was too dry. It would hurt. She licked the palm of her left hand and transferred the moisture to her pussy, she twirled her clit to try and get her pumps started, nothing. She was in the arms of a sex god and could not get wet. She looked up to see his face and had to wait for the lights to flash just right so she could see it. He was handsome, ruggedly handsome, there were tattoos on his neck. This was it, he was him, the 50 cent wannabe who put in the work. She was hunting him, but he found her.
She felt his biceps and forearms bunch against her as he began his flex. Her feet left the ground and he raised her until her short dress went over his big dick head. She spit on her left hand and transferred the spit to the his dick under her dress. She felt the fat head nudge up against her pussy lips and begin to spread them. She felt the slickness of her own spit ease the stretch. She moaned as the head of his dick slid into her, then again as her pussy stretched around his girth. This man's cock was both longer and thicker than Earl's. Earl, the thought of him, of his cock, made her gush a little. She needed it, she was only halfway down this man's rod and the pain was getting intense. The thought of Earl gave her relief.
"Bitch you tight as fuck," he growled into her ear.
That's because I am not into you, she thought to herself but didn't say. She didn't want it to be true. She wanted to be into this man. She wanted to be turned on by him, his muscles, tattoos, black skin, and big dick, but she wasn't. Her pussy slid down his cock another inch. He knew to be gentle, as she hoped all big dicked men knew to be initially, and the strength in his arms seemed to be enough to hold her and not hurry this dry penetration. She wanted to enjoy this man but her body was betraying her. She braced her arms on his shoulders and lifted her pussy up his cock an inch then lowered it again. She needed to lubricate, or spread what little lubrication she had more evenly around this dude's dick.
She thought of Earl's cock in her mouth earlier that same day. She thought about it in her pussy that morning. She did not have these thoughts on purpose. They came unbidden like a defense mechanism that activated in her mind when she needed to be aroused. She felt her core thaw a bit more at the memories. Her pussy seemed to relax a little and more of this brute stranger's cock slid into her. The pain subsided slightly. She didn't try to expel Earl from her thoughts this time. She closed her eyes and actively focused on him.
His dad bod and goofy clothes, his pirate earring, his flipflops, she got wetter. She thought of his mouth on her, her pussy and her ass, his white skin against her black skin, and her pussy throbbed and she felt this penetration ease a little more. She thought of his simple act of putting the orange juice out for her so it was ready when she woke, that he felt good that she felt safe around him, and she felt a cozy warmth envelope her on the sweaty dance floor. His big bushy beard and hairy balls, and his nod and smile of appreciation right after he took a sip of her pussy juice coffee. A strand of his hair hanging across his handsome face; moisture gushed into her and around the monster cock she was being steadily lowered onto.
She felt his big dick press against the back of her pussy, she felt her pussy elongate and stretch to accommodate him. His right arm snaked around her waist. He raised her until just the head was still in her, then lowered her until the tip of him hit her back wall, then raised her again. This was the fuck she was looking for, kind of, she thought it would be somewhere more private, but this, being in his strong arms, being manipulated by his physical strength, this was the sensation she had anticipated. She anticipated it being more impactful though.
This was good, hot, unexpected but definitely a scenario she found sexy. Fucking on a dance floor, surrounded by people hopefully too wrapped up in their own activities to really notice, was a sexy thought. Him, his look, his aggressiveness, combined with the risk of being caught, added a nice element of danger to it all. She found that sexy too. She clutched at him as he steadily raised and lowered her onto him. Her breasts were pressed against his chest, the bare part above his tank top. Her legs were wrapped around his waist. He dropped his sexy lips down onto hers and resumed kissing as he fucked her on the dance floor.
His cock, big and fat and stretching her, felt good, the pain turned to pleasure, but she was not feeling orgasmic. He was doing everything right but she was not going to come. He was a master at the craft, and he had control, and he did his best for her but she knew she was not going to come with him. She thought of Earl, and the thoughts made it easier, more pleasurable, but her imagination could not fool her into thinking she was with Earl right now. Earl and this man were too different.
She was also distracted by her disappointment. This man was supposed to fuck all her desire for Earl out of her. Instead she had to conjure images and memories of Earl in her head just to ease the process. Process. Process? That's what this felt like. A process, like a therapy she made up in her head to treat a symptom. The process felt good, she had a big hard dick in her pussy and that was a pleasurable feeling, but the rest was missing and this would keep her from coming. Maybe if she knew this brute better, knew his dreams and aspirations, maybe if he could make her laugh, or go red in the face, maybe then some of the missing parts would fall into place.
As these thoughts were rolling around in her head and distracting her from achieving her sought after climax, this man she was impaled on was steadily fucking her in his arms, raising and lowering her onto him, and he was having no problems getting where he needed to go. She felt his thrusts get more frantic, his cock slam harder into the back wall of her pussy, and his fat dick throbbing faster inside her. She winced with the pleasurable pain of the big dick inside her, and of her body being squeezed in his arms. She heard him roar into her mouth as his cock jerked and she felt the heat of his ejaculate flood her. He twitched as he pressed her down onto his spurting cock as hard as she could. She gasped as the air was forced out of her.
He held her on him and continued to thrust, short thrusts that kept the majority of his thick length inside her, out an inch, in an inch, he was gasping into her neck now. She felt strangely detached from it. She let her hands roam about his impressive physique, more out of curiosity than arousal. He was a well-built man and, even though she was currently impaled on his still coming penis, she felt nothing for him, for this act, for this moment.
Maybe if this brute had come in and selected her pussy tainted coffee cup that morning instead of old fat white Earl she would have cemented her desire for brutes in her mind. She was bored now. She waited for him to raise her off his cock then set her down onto her feet again. When he did she felt a stream of his come run down her thigh. He bent down to kiss her again, and she endured it, then she gently broke the kiss and turned to face the crowd. She pulled her dress up over her breasts, and back down past her ass, as she stepped between two groups of dancers and got some hot and sweaty writhing bodies between her and her dance floor fuck.
She no longer felt like dancing, or getting lost in the music, or doing anything but going home. Her father would be asleep by now so she would not have to sneak in or deal with him when she got there. Home is where she wanted to be now. It was almost where she wanted to be. She fought the thoughts in her head. She tried to reinforce her desire to be home, in her bed, after a shower that washed the sweat, stranger jizz, and brute stink from her body. Her mind insisted that home was her second favorite destination. She could not think about her first favorite right now. It didn't work.
"Bitch, you nasty," Elaine said when Ashanti finally made it to the edge of the dance floor and stepped off it.
"Where were you?" Ashanti said in surprise.
"I was just a few feet away, watching, you looked right at me. You didn't see?"
"No, I was caught up."
"Yeah, you was caught the fuck up. So you found your man. Was it good?"
"Ugh, no," Ashanti said. They were making their way toward the exit but she turned and looked at her BFF seriously. "Elaine, I am fucked up, really fucked up, and I don't know what to do."
Elaine was one of many friends that Ashanti had, but she was her oldest and best friend. She was the least likely to judge her for being with Earl. Elaine was a strong woman, but she was a follower, Ashanti's follower since grade school. She was not afraid to call a situation fucked up, but she was a good enough friend to not let it stop her from following Ashanti right into it. Was it time to ask for help?
"You only had one drink."
"Yeah, not that kind of fucked up. Let's get another drink." Ashanti turned left toward a gap at the nearest of the many bars in this club. She ordered two vodka cranberries and handed Elaine hers. She grabbed a handful of cocktail napkins too.
The line for the lady's room was too long to even consider. She didn't have to pee anyway. She needed to wipe the brute's jizz off her thighs. She felt it there, globs of it, sliding down the inside of her thighs, mixing with her sweat, making her skin slippery and probably shiny. She moved over to a dark corner and used Elaine's body to shield her from view as she wiped at her thighs with the cocktail napkins. Her short dress made her pussy easy access so she wiped a slick glob of the white cream out of it too while she had the relative privacy. He came deep inside her and she would probably have to do this again later.
This man's come was not like Earl's. She didn't want to keep it in her, and on her, and taste and smell it. She was not grossed out by it, it was jizz, no big deal, but she was not emotionally attached to it like she was to Earl's. Emotionally attached? Did she just have that thought? Sweet Jesus she was fucked up. She looked up and caught Elaine watching her as she mopped up her thighs.
"Dude," Elaine said with raised eyebrows as she watched Ashanti mop jizz from her thighs and drop the soiled napkins on the floor.
"Don't judge me bitch," Ashanti said with a smirk to hide her embarrassment.
"You just let a criminal raw dog you on a dance floor bitch. I judge you a nasty hoe." Elaine laughed as she said it, but she was right. Ashanti was nasty, Elaine didn't know how nasty, but there was no doubt she was nasty.
Somehow she was more comfortable with her friend knowing, watching even, as a large black man took her in a pubic area, depositing his seed into her, then watching her clean up, than she was with Elaine knowing about Earl. This was easy, they had both seen each other in compromising sexual situations in the past, and Ashanti had as much dirt on Elaine as Elaine had on her, but old white men? Pussy smeared in coffee cups? Fuck that. Elaine could never know that shit, especially the last part.
"So what's your issue?" Elaine asked after Ashanti stopped cleaning and stepped away from the soggy pile of napkins in the dark corner.
"What issue?" Ashanti just decided she was not ready to tell Elaine and now Elaine was asking.
"What has you so fucked up you slut banging strangers in public and shit?"
"Everything Elaine, my dad hates me, I fucked up my car, no college, I work at a convenience store, shit, I am in a very self-destructive phase of my life."
"Phase bitch, it's just a phase, and you will be just fine once you get it out of your system."
"When will that be?"
"From what I saw, that should have done it." Elaine pointed her eyes back toward the dance floor and Ashanti laughed.
"What did you see?"
"Boy had a dick on him. It should have cured what ails you."
Ashanti laughed again and took a sip of her drink. She wished she could tell Elaine what was going on, but she couldn't. Telling her, anyone, would be a load off. For anybody to help her unpack it all in her mind would be nice. Explaining her troubles and thoughts to Earl earlier was nice. Laying in his bed, her head on his belly, his hand on her breasts, just talking; that was nice. It was where she would like to be right now. She loved Elaine but she wanted to talk to Earl. What a mess her life was. What the fuck was she going to do?