Author's note:
This section begins with a sub-plot. These chapters are short, and all in italics. They're woven into the narrative from here on. It all fits together.
All characters over eighteen.
Part 2 of 6.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 6
She pulls my hair into her fist, and opens my mouth with her tongue. I squeeze her breast, and she kisses me harder. Five sharp talons rake my back, then curl around my neck, as she grinds her hips against me. When I pinch her nipple, she bites my lip.
The receptionist clears his throat.
My sister pulls back, and the clerk behind the desk is making a face that is half scowl, half grin. He slides our ID cards toward us, along with a Visa and two room keys. His accomplice appears at his side, wearing a matching burgundy uniform. The receptionist motions at our ID cards as we take them, and the two behind the desk exchange a comment I can't quite hear. The accomplice skirts around the desk, and rolls her eyes. She tries to hide it, but not very hard.
The woman looks at us. "Do you have any luggage?"
"My bag," says my sister, pointing to the oversized purse giving a squished lean against the front of the desk.
"This way," says the woman. She lifts the bag, and starts across the black and gold marble floor. The sleeve of her blazer pulls back, as she grips the underside of the strap. An Emerald Dragon coils around her wrist, yellow smoke billowing from its nostrils onto the back of her hand.
My sister and I follow, hand in hand, passing back against the line we once led. A column of souls praying to glowing rectangles. Suits, pencil skirts, pinstripes, every item blue or grey, every corner and angle tailored, crimped, pressed, dry cleaned, though now relaxed from however many days of wear. Each person stands next to a double decker closet bound in exotic animal hide. A baby blue dress shirt grows wrinkles on the last man in line. He slings his jacket over the blue, holding it by his thumb and a single finger, while working hard to appear more relaxed than he is. The tight black skirt in front of him secures his attention more than his glowing holy symbol.
The elevator hums and we're up several floors. White marble tiles two paces wide gloss under our feet, as we pass numbered doors. The woman in burgundy stops, and leans to balance the weight of my sister's bag, as she pushes a card into a slot.
"Here's home," says the woman. She recites an incantation, and orange light bathes the chamber from above. She sets the bag on a table next to the two biggest beds I've ever seen, and bottles clang inside our luggage.
We follow inside, and my sister veers away from me into the bathroom. Silver fixtures and bright tile frame a tub as deep as my chest that could soak an entire NBA team.
The woman with the dragon tattoo aims the TV remote and talks about how the screen on the wall works.
I'm looking at "fuck me" eyes next to the shower.
My sister swoops back into the entryway, and leans against me, pushing her breasts into my chest. She looks up and says, "I couldn't find your swimsuit."
"I don't own one. Did you bring yours?"
"No."
The Dragon Lady turns off the TV, and presses a button on the wall. The blinds open part way, wiping a black mirror across the floor-to-ceiling window. Then the curtains close again, and she says something about how you have to work the inner and outer drapes in some way I don't quite listen to.
My sister points her eyes up at me, while her chin tilts down to her chest.
"Can I get you anything?" The Dragon Lady is standing by the front door.
The lasso of my sister's gaze comes loose, and she pulls a zipper on her bag.
"Sorry, I have to ask," says the woman. "Did you two just get married?"
"No," I say, "but we're close like that."
My sister grips my ribs, holding me tight around the side. She presses some folded dollars into my palm, then wet lips touch my neck. Hot breath on my skin, and she licks my ear. I hand the money to the woman without looking at how much it is. This is my sister's party. Or at least it starts that way.
"Do you have any questions?" The Dragon Lady tucks the money away.
"Is there a last call for room service?" asks my sister. "And which way is the pool?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 7
The house is a tomb.
I lay enshrouded in my bed for most of the morning, but I have to keep rolling onto my side, because my back burns where Jessica raked her nails. The breakup with Rachel was strangely un-stressful. It turns out it's easy to dump someone if they cheat on you and you're smitten with someone else in the most fucked up way imaginable.
I haven't seen my sister since we got dressed after the shower. After a day and some I don't know what to think. I don't regret doing what we did, but I don't know what to do now. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to look at her. Will I act differently and not realize it? Does she want to see me? Maybe that's why she was out all night and now the next morning. Maybe she'd shacked up with some guy, and she would never speak to me again. I have no idea how she's taking it.
I finally roll out of bed and go in search of nothing in particular. All we have is the dirt coffee, so I don't bother making that. The front door slams, and I freeze, before I recognize the sound of padded shoes across the wood floor.
"Is that coffee any good?" asks my mother. She rinses a plate under the kitchen faucet, and stacks it on the rack next to the sink to dry. Her sandy blonde hair is sculpted up in a pixie cut. She's had it short for as long as I can remember. A dark stain covers the front of her scrubs, but I know better than to ask.
"I liked the other one better." I offer my best diplomacy.
"I don't have time to go to the store today, but you or Jessica can if you want. I'm only home for a minute. I'm meeting someone at the clinic." Mom dries her hands and looks at me. "What's wrong?"
"I split up with Rachel last night. I'm fine." The first part is true.
"Oh." Mom picks up her keys off the counter. "I'm sorry to hear that. We can talk later if you want. I'll be home late. Probably after one." Mom pushes the kitchen door open, and it latches shut, leaving me alone with my thoughts.
That's one interview done. The next one will be much harder. I don't know what to do, so I go out in search of coffee.
Home is a flat lot on the sparse outskirts of northwest Portland. Blackberry vines and poison oak envelop the backyard in an impenetrable hedge. A side yard sits outside the bathroom window, with a similar level of aggressive foliage. My mother has aspirations of clearing out both yards and making a garden, but that hasn't happened yet. Our driveway stretches into a paved road that leads to a bike path through a public park.
Down the street, a shop is nestled in across the corner from the park. Next to the shop, a wide foot-bridge arcs over the bend of a stream. Some tributary that pours into something else, and eventually ends up in the Columbia River. The shop houses a deli and a grocery section, and serves fish and chips to go. People take food across the street to picnic tables and benches by rose bushes in the park. Or they stand on the bridge and watch the water while they eat. The top of the railing is perfect for holding food. I'd broken up with Rachel in the parking lot right outside the shop.
I weave through a grid of people on the park's grassy lawn, then cross the street to the store. The bright October cold accompanies me past a line of people standing on the bridge, waiting for their food orders to come up.
The shop doesn't stock the old coffee I'd been drinking, but anything is an improvement over the stuff I'd choked down all week. I find a new brand with a gold crown stamped to the front. The label would have you believe it's the coffee of African royalty, which is actually what my anthropology class is covering, though we're discussing much older varieties than the current rulers. Ancient Egyptian dynasties, and their activities. They did some wild stuff. Much wilder than making out with your sister in a shower.
I wander along the path through the park, procrastinating my way back to the house. When I eventually get up the steps to the kitchen door, I find Jessica eating a bowl of cereal over the sink.
"Hi," she says through a bite of shredded wheat.
"Hi." I stop in the doorway.
Jessica swallows. "You can come in."
I step inside, and set the bag of coffee on the end of the counter, keeping the length of the kitchen between us. "I got coffee."
Jessica rinses her bowl in the sink, and sets it on the rack, leaning it against Mom's plate. Her hand trembles when she pulls it back. She looks at the bag on the counter, then at me. "You got coffee."
"I couldn't take anymore bark dust in my morning."
"Yeah, that stuff is rough." Jessica sucks in a breath hard, and lets it out slowly. "Can I ask you a question?"
"Sure." I have no idea what she's going to say.
"Do you hate me for doing it?"
"Doing... what?"
Jessica opens her mouth wide, like she's going to scream, but then stops, and closes it, without making a sound. She rolls her eyes, and leans back against the sink, then covers her face with her hand, before immediately tearing it away. She slaps the counter by her side. "The part where I fucking made you kiss me."
"Youmademe?"
"Yes."
I stand for a moment, and open my mouth, much like she just had, but I can't get thoughts out. After two or three tries I'm finally able to work my own voice.
"You didn't make me do anything. And no, I don't hate you. It's on me too."
"It's more me than you. All because I'm stupid and jealous."
"Jealous of wh--"
"That girl," says Jessica. "I hate her so much." My sister's expression is half outrage, half sadness. "And I haven't been able to get you out of my head since I first saw you."
"Wait, when? I don't--"
"The day before classes started. When I got out of Dad's car, and you were on the porch driving me crazy with that stupid lean you do. I mostly remember you from when we were young, and I thought you were going to annoy me living here, but it hasn't been like that at all. Then that girl cheated on you, and I wanted to support you breaking free of her, and I'm still pretty sure that was right, but after you dumped her I thought it through. If you were free of her, you could date someone else, and I pictured you with another girl and that was unbearable. I hate myself for feeling that way, but I can't help it."
I stand next to the counter, stunned, trying to process everything my sister just confessed. "What lean do I do?"
"You lean against things at an angle with your hips. Like the hands of a clock at seven and twelve. I don't know why, but it gets me." Jessica sighs. "You did it on the porch the afternoon I got here. You do it every morning when you stand in the bathroom doorway while we're talking. You're doing it right fucking now!"
I look down to discover myself leaning against the kitchen counter. I never considered I was somehow turning her on. I figure I haven't really done much, other than being a total creep inside my head, and then ultimately groping her wet naked body against the side of the shower. Other than that.
"If we're sharing," I say. "When you stand on your toes I want to... well."
Jessica rips a tissue out of a box on the counter. She presses the tissue to her face, and squints back at me. "My toes?"
"Yeah, when you're putting on makeup, you stand up on your tip toes, and do this thing with your lips. It makes me want to, uh, kiss you. Let's put it that way."
"Well," says Jessica, half-laughing, "you got that one covered already. Did it go like you wanted? Kissing the girl who stands on her toes?"
"It went better than I thought it would, but it didn't last very long."
Jessica smiles and looks down.
"What about your leaning guy?" I ask. "Anything ever work out with him?"
"Yes, actually." Her green eyes jolt back to me. "He spun me around and held me naked against a wall so hard I couldn't move. It was wonderful."
Getting to know my sister.
"What do we do now?" I ask.
"I don't know. Do you not want to be around me?"
"We could just hang out, and see how it is." I slide a few inches closer, along the edge of the counter.
"Okay. But let's be careful. We can't undo stuff."
"Is there stuff you want to undo?"
A tiny smile creeps across my sister's face. "No. You okay with it?"
"Yeah."
"Oh, fuck." Jessica's smile evaporates, and she pinches her eyebrows together. "Just so you know, I have people coming over tonight."
"Coming here?"
"I was out with Jane last night, and out of my head confused. I couldn't tell her what was up, but she knew something was wrong, and she decided she and Kevin were coming over tonight. I think they're bringing our other friends too. Don't you know Garrett?"
"What does Jane know?" All I can hear is my heart beating in my ears.
"Nothing, she just knows I was upset. I waved it off as best I could. She said they're coming over at 8. You don't have to be here, if you don't want to."
I don't have anywhere to go. I could hang out in the park, but I can also just hide in my room. "I guess I'll be around. How are we supposed to act?"
"I'll be with my friends like usual and you be yourself. We'll just be normal."
"What's normal?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 8
Outside the kitchen door someone shouts, "Open up, bitches." The yelling softens to a loud whisper. "What? This is the right house, isn't it?"
"Jess," says a woman. "It's us. Can we come in?"
My sister is getting dressed, so I follow the source of the shouting into the kitchen. A tall, tanned muscular man with a square head and light blond hair stands outside the screen door. His shoulders bulge from pads inside his white blazer, and he looks like he could wrestle a bear, though I can't tell if he'd bother taking off his jacket to do so. Beside him stands a woman of my height in a pale grey pinstripe pantsuit. Her hair spreads out in a thick black hedge, parted in the middle, and wrapped around her face to below her chin, forming a giant 'M' on her head. They look like characters from some old silent film.
"Jane?" I greet her, as I push the door open. That hair is unmistakable.
"Good to see you, Alex, this is Kevin."
"Motherfuckin' Alex, nice to meet you." His oversized mitt grips my hand so hard my knees nearly buckle. I give my best effort to stay standing, and squeeze the shit out of him back.
"My sister's doing something still, come in." A wave of alcoholic vapor wafts inside with the two guests.
"Alex, you a rum man?" asks Kevin.
"Hell, yes, I am."
I've never had rum in my life.
"Good." He shouts all his words. "Jess, you about ready? We need to take a field trip."
"Yes," says my sister, stomping down the hall. "Jesus, you guys are loud." A black sleeveless dress runs not quite to her knees and she's twirled her hair into a bun. A stick pokes through the dark coil on top of her head, holding it in place. Jessica has on more makeup than usual. Her lips shine in a golden brown I haven't seen before.
"Problem," says Jane, looking at Kevin. "The Oaf forgot the drinks, so we have to run back to my place."
"Why don't we just drink there?" says Kevin. "Your folks are gone all night, right? Garrett's still off doing whatever he's doing. Was there some reason we had to be here?"
"We're cheering up Mopey here." She points her eyes at Jessica, and Jessica glares back.
"She just needs a drink in her hand. Alex, you coming with?"
"Yeah." My shirt has buttons and a collar, but I'm clearly underdressed.
"Sweet, let's roll." Kevin spins around on his heels and struts with a wobble down the steps.
Jane says, "You look good," and promptly affixes herself like a lamprey to my sister. "This new?" She waves her hand at my sister's lips.
"Yes, thanks," says Jessica. "It smears easily, but I like it." The two of them follow Kevin, and I lock the door, and run after the group.
Kevin leads the way, but I refuse to be the tag-along and I charge past my sister and Jane. We get to the street, then into the park, and take the path leading toward the shop by the bridge.
"Kev," says someone across the street. I turn to discover Garrett holding his arm straight up, with one finger pointed at the sky. He wears a white blazer similar to Kevin's, but also sports a red bow tie. A ghostly-pale woman with a dark beehive hairdo, and wearing a red frilly dress hooks herself around Garrett's arm. Cat eye glasses clip on her face, like a high school librarian from the pre-atomic age, only she's 50 years too young. I haven't seen this side of my work mentor before.
"We're going back to Jane's," says Kevin. "Meet you there?"
"Yeah, Okay. We're just waiting for our food. And my car's on the other side of the park, so we'll be a few."
A quick hike through the park's serpentine path and we're face to face with the front door of a white house I'd passed several times, but I never knew who lived there. Jane lets us in, and then we're standing in the kitchen with drinks in our hands. Rum and Coke is fantastic, it turns out. About half an hour later, the front door opens and Garrett and Robyn join our circle in the kitchen.
Kevin asks, "What took you so long?"
"Protestors are having a party," says Garrett. He sets a white takeout box on the counter.
"I don't care," says Robyn. "This is the best coleslaw I've ever had. Worth it." She tears into the box Garrett set down, then assaults the kitchen drawers one by one, until a sharp clattering indicates she's found the silverware.
We mill around eating and drinking for another hour and some, while Kevin and Garrett tell stories about school life in Seattle. The delicate balance of grades and partying. Robyn and Garrett met up there in the scramble of dorm life, and Kevin and Jane didn't get together until after Kevin graduated. They've been together for just over a year. Jane is a year ahead of Jessica, and Kevin works up there, while she finishes her degree. They come to visit Portland on the weekends.
During a lull in the conversation Robyn leans in to Jane, and then disappears out the back of the kitchen. Jessica flashes me a smile, before following the other girls.
"So what's your game, Alex?" asks Kevin.
"Game?"
"Yeah, you do the school thing or what?"
"Yeah," I say, "For all of two weeks now." A door somewhere in the back of the house squeaks, and slams shut.
"School's not so bad," says Garrett. "The key is to show up, and do the work. Sounds stupid, I know. But a lot of people don't do either of those things. It will make your life much better, no matter what else is going on. Work is like that too."
Kevin tops off our glasses before they're even gone. One empty bottle of rum stands vigil on the counter, and the one in Kevin's hand is not long for this world. The room wobbles, and I realize my phone is buzzing from inside my pocket. I pull it out to see"What doing?"from Rachel.
"Fan club need you?" Garrett is making a line of shot glasses on the counter.
"It's my ex-girlfriend. She won't take a hint. Keeps sending me stuff like this." I hold out my phone for them to see the picture of Rachel that accompanies the text. She's in a short brown skirt, pulling down the neck of her white tank top with one finger, for maximum cleavage.
"Ugh, good luck with that," says Kevin. He uncorks a bottle of brown liquor.
"Don't talk to her. Find somebody else," says Garrett. "Unless you still want her, thenreallydon't talk to her." He pauses. "Wait, are you actually texting girls you date with regular texts?"
"Yeah. Is that bad?"
"Not if you don't mind everyone at the phone company and 12 different internet providers seeing those photos." Garrett pulls out his phone. "I should have done this at work. Download this. Icon looks like a blue dot." He holds out his phone to show me what to look for.
I grab the app off the store. "Now what?"
"Now you scan this code." Garrett holds up a blotchy black and white grid on his screen. I point my camera at it until my phone buzzes. "Then I scan yours." He taps a button on my phone and it makes a similar face, which he then scans.
"Presto, we're best friends, and nobody can listen in."
"How good is it?"
"It's as close to perfect as you're going to get on a phone. If you want to be as careful as possible, you can set it to send disappearing messages, so they don't stay on the receiving screen longer than you want. They expire and vanish."
"Why would I want my messages to vanish?"
"I don't know," says Garrett. "I don't live your life. We'll get you an actual contact here. Jess." Garrett shouts towards the backyard. "Bring your phone, we're doing a technology lesson."
A minute later the door in the back squeaks, and three girls come inside, with a halo of weed smoke around them.
"What do you need my phone for?" Jessica looms behind me, and her words smell like my drink.
"Getting your brother on a proper text app."
"Oh." Jessica rolls her eyes. "He does this to all of us." Robyn nods silently in agreement.
Garrett has my sister and me swap codes, like he and I had done. "There, now you can talk shit about family, or whatever."
"Make sure you include the part where you do shots at a party with your amazing new friends." Kevin shouts from in front of a line of shot glasses filled with something brown. He floats his hand in a ribbony wave, as though he were a game show assistant.
"What is that?" I ask.
"Fun in a single swallow," says Kevin, handing out the glasses, "for folks of all persuasions, orientations, and astrological signs."
Robyn puts up her palm, and Kevin lets her be, then he offers me the drink instead.
I take the dripping glass, and tilt the contents down my throat.
It's like I've swallowed battery acid that's trying to evaporate back out my mouth. My mix drink helps, but the fizz from the Coke burns my throat too. Then the acid catches fire and begins dissolving my insides. Everyone around me is coughing, and I pinch my eyes shut, until the burn gives way to a floating numbness. When I can see again, my sister is leaned over, with her hand on the counter. Other people are behaved much the same, and Kevin is going back and forth between coughing and laughing.
"What the fuck was that?" asks my sister.
"I thought you'd like that, Jess," says Kevin, choking back a cough. "Your boy Roger introduced me to that stuff."
I'd never heard the name Roger before. Tendrils of jealousy wrap around the most primal part of me and squeeze. I want to ask, but not here and not now, so I push it deep down inside.
"I never drank that shit with him" My sister squishes her nose into a ghoulish face. "Don't put that on me. That was terrible."
"I disagree. That," says Kevin, leaning back and puffing his chest out, "was a good time." He grabs Jane by the hand and leads his stumbling, coughing girlfriend into the living room.
"I think the outside needs me longer," says Robyn.
"I'll go with you," says Garrett, the only one unaffected by the liquid fire. He seizes the brown bottle, and follows her into the yard.
Jessica and I stand in the now-quiet kitchen reeling from overpowered liquor. I'm numb from the throat down, and I lean against the counter to take some of the effort away from standing, which is becoming difficult. Jessica has managed to stand upright, and she runs her eyes up me and cocks her head to the side.
"You're doing it again," she says in a whisper. She pushes her lips together, and steps close to me.
I reach over and flip off the kitchen light.
Jessica kisses my lips before I've taken my hand off the switch. She spreads her fingers along the sides of my face, and pushes her tongue into my mouth. I touch her waist, and first cup her breast, then pinch her nipple through the fabric of her dress. She whimpers quietly, then kisses me hard, and breaks away.
We stand in silence, silhouettes our only view of each other. A cigarette lighter flicks outside somewhere.
Getting to know my sister.
"Oh, fucking hell," whispers Jessica. She tilts her head and examines my face in the dim light coming from the living room behind her. "Come with me." My sister pulls me by the wrist through the side door into the hallway bathroom. She pushes the door shut, and locks it, then finds the light.
I look in the mirror and my sister's makeup is smeared across my lips and cheek. It's not overt for a dark party full of drunks, but someone would notice. She wets a towel, and works on my face, oddly reminiscent of how our mother used to wipe dirt off us when we were young.
"Okay, that should do."
We creep back to the living room as nonchalantly as we can manage. Jane and Kevin recline side by side on the couch, and Robyn and Garrett are just sitting down in a chair across the coffee table.
"We need to get going," says Jessica. "Thanks for the drinks."
"Gotta get your little brother home for bedtime?" Robyn's voice is flat and dry.
"Something like that."
"You feeling any better, Mopey?" asks Kevin.
"Yes, actually."
"Good to hear. Later, Wonder Twins." Kevin pulls Jane's shoulder over his face as though she's a blanket.
"Coffee tomorrow." Jane wiggles her finger in the air, but does not open her eyes. "Don't forget."
"I won't. Night all."
With that, my sister and I march outside under the cover of darkness. We take the front steps as we might normally, but by the time we get to the street corner I've somehow woven my fingers between Jessica's. She squeezes my hand as we approach the park.
"Is this okay?" I ask.
"Mm-hmm."
"So why were your friends all dressed up tonight?"
"They like to do that sometimes when they drink."
"I think I kind of love your friends."
A streetlamp bathes the entrance to the park in soft yellow. The path underneath weaves left and right, which suits our rum-induced stagger. Mid-way to the second light, we pass two people, their faces shrouded by the night, and something about being seen holding my sister's hand gives me a rush. As we pass the next lamppost, another couple approaches from the far end. I slow my pace in the darkest part, between the lights, and Jessica matches me, gripping my hand firmly. When the people walking toward us are a few paces away, I let go of my sister's hand and pull her close, kissing her lips. Then my sister's tongue is in my mouth, and I'm tasting everything she's been enjoying all evening. In a public park, with people watching. When the walkers have passed us, Jessica grabs my hand again. She trembles as she squeezes me, and my heart is racing.
Up onto the porch we fly, and I somehow get the door unlocked. I'm not sure what's happening next, and my head is swirling around. We stand in kitchen limbo for a moment.
"Water?" I say.
"Oh my god, yes. Can you bring a cup to my room? I have to get these shoes off."
I pour two glasses, and get to Jessica's room in time to see my sister pull her dress off, and cast it to the floor. By the dim window light, I can tell she doesn't have anything on underneath. She takes a glass from me, swallows three huge gulps, then sets it down and lays on her bed.
"Come lay down with me?"
I do not need to be asked twice.
I take one sip of the water, and set it next to hers. Then I push her door shut, and throw everything I'm wearing into the darkness. The instant I'm on her bed, Jessica rolls on top of me, lips first. My back aches against the sheets, but I'm beyond caring.
My sister pulls her head back. "Does it count as seducing you, if I tell you I'm doing it?"
Then she's back to kissing me.
Into her mouth, I say, "I still think it's my fault."
"I'm not convinced."
I flip her on her back, and climb down to her waist, kissing her along the way. I get as far as her hips.
"Are you going to-- Oh my god."
I planned to warm her up more, but she's already soaking wet. So I pull my fingers in a hook inside of Jessica, while I lick her clit. It's a move that works well on Rachel. I think my ex showed it to me, but I can't really remember with my head full of rum, and I don't want to think about that bitch.
Jessica writhes under me, though she keeps pretty quiet, save for the occasional whimper, as I work her lower half. One of her hands gives me a scalp massage, and the other is jerking the top blanket around on her bed. She squeezes her thighs against the sides of my head, as I try to keep us both on the mattress. I push her legs open, and she quickly makes room for me, but this only lasts for a few licks, then she clamps back down.
The flatter I stretch my tongue against her clit, the more she squirms and pushes against me. I'm getting really used to the growing sounds coming from my sister above. She's gotten louder, and I have no idea what time Mom will be home. I'm pretty sure we have at least an hour, but checking the clock isn't a priority. My tongue begins to tire from its work, and I realize I've adopted the same face I used to eat those ripe peaches a few mornings back. This is more fun.
"I didn't wear anything underneath tonight." Jessica breathes deep. "Because... please keep doing that. Because, I really hoped you'd do this, but I didn't think it would actually happen."
"Are we even yet? On the seduction thing?" The words don't come out right. My tongue is too numb to talk, so I press it back against her and keep working.
"Almost. Just keep right there, please."
So I do.
My sister sucks in a pool of air, and holds it. She squeezes my fingers, and wraps her legs around my head. Jessica pulls my hair into her fist, and encases me in a solid, vibrating mass for a moment, then she lets the air out, and relaxes her grip on me.
I stop my work, and lift my face free. Then I slowly pull my fingers out. Jessica shudders.
My sister is panting.
"Did you catch what time it is?" I ask after her breathing has slowed. "I don't know where my phone went."
"I think it was 11:30 when we got home."
"Okay, good. Mom is back at 1, if she's on her normal schedule."
Jessica breathes in deep. "I can work with that. My turn." She waves me up to join her. "Up here."
I obey, and climb up next to her. She rolls me onto my back and pins my shoulders to her pillow, then throws her leg over me and straddles my hips. She's even wetter than when we started and she's sliding right on top of me.
My sister asks, "Do you want to?"
I'm as hard as can be, and she's grinding herself up and down.
I nod.
Jessica reaches back, and puts me inside. I don't know if it's supposed to feel different because of who she is, but I'm lost in a thousand sensations, and loving every one of them. My sister rocks back and forth with her hands on my chest, and squishes my back against her pillow. I let her go for a while, and briefly entertain the idea of moving her, or changing positions, but this feels great, and I don't want to mess with it. Working her as I'd just done really got me going, and even with all the rum this won't take long. I'm most of the way there already, then Jessica takes her hands off my chest, and sits up tall. She speeds up her rhythm with the upright posture, and that's when I realize I have to make a decision.
"Are you on the?" I adjust my hips to take a bit of the edge off the intensity, but it's not nearly enough. "I mean, where should--"
"Cum in me."
"You sure?"
"Mm-Hmm."
So I hold onto my sister's hips as she pulls greased ecstasy back and forth across me.
And then I cum inside her.
Jessica keeps riding me until I finish and release her, then she lets off. She probably could have kept going, but I'm done.
Suddenly, I'm buried in a sarcophagus of confusion and nostalgia. I have no way to process what we just did, and I lay back on the bed, still inside my sister. I'm thinking about the little girl I knew, and the woman against me now. The two images don't fit together. Jessica leans forward, and pulls herself off me, sliding to my side. She kisses my cheek, and my lips.
Then reality crashes into me. Things are okay again, though it seems like they shouldn't be.
"Are you okay with all this?" Jessica's voice wobbles. I'm not sure if it's from exertion, or emotion.
"That may be the most confusing, and my favorite thing I've ever done."
"The first part, or the second part?" Her voice is strong again.
"All of it. What about you?"
"I'm okay, I think." Jessica rests her chin on my chest and looks at me in the dim light. "Yes."
Getting to know my sister.
We lay on the bed, sweaty and naked, her arm draped over my chest, one of her legs crossed between mine.
"What do we do now?" I ask. "We probably shouldn't stay like this too long."
"Grab my TV remote. Let's put something on for a bit."
I lean against my sister under a purple blanket, twirling long smooth strands of hair around my fingers.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 9
The Dragon Lady stops the cart in front of the bathroom. Water hisses from behind the door, but it's the floor that has her attention. She leans over and moves one of my sister's shoes out of the path, then continues pushing. Behind her in the entryway, the front door arcs wide open, propped with the doorstop.
"Sorry about earlier," says the woman. She pushes the cart up to the table by the beds. Two covered dishes sit atop the metal surface. "I didn't mean to presume."
I say it's fine.
"Can I move this please?" She points to my sister's bag in the middle of the square dining table.
"I guess we're in the way a lot." I lift the bag, and move it to a different table by one of the giant beds. The bag lands with a ringing clang.
The Dragon Lady arranges silverware on a placemat. Fork, plate, knife facing inward, spoon. Then she makes another setting across the table.
The water shuts off, and a curtain clatters behind the bathroom door.
Two glasses go on the placemats next. The woman reaches with a vase full of ice water, and pins a coaster to the table, off center between the place settings. The Emerald Dragon on her wrist looks at me, as she pulls back her hand.
I say, "We should have asked you to bring this up when we checked in. Save you some effort."
"I was a bit surprised to see your room number right away."
"We never got dinner. I needed something."
"This is a good choice." The woman removes the lids atop each of the plates on the table, filling the air with lemon and basil. She touches her fingers to the yellow smoke on the back of her other hand. "And I'm sorry again about what I said."
"It's really okay. You get a lot of married folks here, I take it?"
"A lot of couples stay here before they fly out. And special occasions."
The bathroom door glides open, and the humming fan swells. My sister leans out in front of the doorway, pressing a white towel to her chest. Dark hair twirls up on top of her head in a bun. She looks out the open door into the hallway, then turns to me.
"That smells wonderful," says my sister. Her bare feet carry her in her towel past the woman, and she stands to my side, gazing down at the steaming red entrees.
"I can leave the covers, if you're not ready to eat," says the Dragon Lady.
"Oh, I'm starving," says my sister. "I'm eating right now." She points her eyes at me, then at her bag on the opposite table.
I pull some money out of the side zipper pocket, and surrender a folded bill to the Dragon.
My sister sits in front of a plate of fish. She lets go of her towel, and grasps a fork in one hand and a glass of water in the other. The towel is still wrapped around her. Mostly. She grins as she takes a bite.
"Come sit with me?"
I lift one of the napkins off the table, and sit across from my sister.
The Dragon Lady stacks the plate covers on the cart. "You can leave that outside the door when you're done. You folks enjoy yourselves."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 10
"Jessica!"
Someone is banging on the door.
"Jessica!"
More banging.
"I'm doing laundry. Do you have anything?"
"No." My sister shouts the response from next to me. I'm pressed against her naked skin, with one of my arms draped over her, and the other pinned under her shoulder. Our legs twist together under a purple blanket, but we're otherwise exposed.
"Are you sure? With the dryer still the way it is, I'd rather group as much as we can."
"I--" Jessica pauses. "I don't need anything right now."
"What about your brother? Have you seen him?"
"He's doing something. Bug him later."
Mom's footsteps fade down the hall. My heart is pounding, and I look at Jessica, but her eyes are as big as green saucers. Daylight floods the room, and I have no idea what time it is.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," says Jessica. She pulls herself free of me, and tosses the comforter into the air, then swipes at a pile of clothes on the floor. I eventually find the pants and shirt I'd worn the day before. They aren't where I thought they were, and neither is the bed.
I set a new record for dressing myself, and stand by the door, unsure of what to do.
Jessica stares at her phone, having pulled a dress over herself, though one shoulder rides askew, and the waist is bunched on her hips. "Oh no. I'm supposed to meet Jane in five minutes."
"Tell her you overslept." I'm whisper-yelling. "Or make something up."
"I don't like lying to my friends, especially her." Jessica taps frantically, and the phone makes a clicking sound with each touch.
"You just lied to Mom."
My sister gives me a sideways glare. She sets her phone down, and pulls each foot into the heel of a shoe. "I said we were up late watching a movie."
"Just don't tell her about the rest of what we did."
Jessica stands and joins me by the door. She straightens her dress, and looks at me, working a puzzle behind the green of her eyes.
"You okay?" she asks.
"Yeah. You?"
My sister smiles and kisses my lips. "Yes. I'll see you later." She slowly opens the door, and tip toes the first few steps down the hallway, before stomping when she gets to the kitchen. I seize the distraction, and lunge across the hall into my room.
For once I'm glad everyone I know from high school moved away. There's nobody who can drag me out, and interview me about why I'm in such a strange mood. And this is high in the running for strangest mood I've ever been in. I lay back on my bed and try to unpack the previous twelve hours, but quickly abandon it, due to it feeling like massive head trauma. I pick flashes of moments instead. Making out in the park, while the couple walked past us. My sister kissing me in the kitchen, and then having to rub her makeup off my face. A thousand things from the end of the night in Jessica's bed. But then I get stuck on talking with Garrett and Kevin, for some reason. They didn't have to be cool to me, but they were. It could have just been because of my sister, but they seemed real. Garrett's words, in particular, ring again and again in my head. "Show up, and do the work."
I stand under the water unabashedly waiting for it to turn cold. It usually only takes a few minutes. After maybe ten, it's still quite warm, and I start to wonder about my perception of time. I stand there longer, but the stream over my head holds strong. When my fingers start to prune up, I finally shut off the water. Steam clouds the room, as I expected, but then I look up, and a shiny new chrome fan hangs right in the middle of a new ceiling panel. I click the switch on the wall, and the fixture hums to life, slowly extracting mist from the air. I'll turn that on before the shower next time.
"When did the bathroom get fixed?" I shout into the hall, assuming my mother is somewhere around.
"Friday afternoon." Mom's voice is down by the living room. "We got the new water heater too. Did you not see it yesterday?
"I was distracted."
"Oh, that's right, Honey. Did you want to talk about girl stuff?"
"Nah, I'm good. I need to do some work right now."
I push my door shut.
***
The delete button for Rachel's contact info is hiding under my thumb, but I haven't pressed it yet. Not that it really matters if I have her number stored, but there's something therapeutic about deleting someone.
A paper about Pharaohs and Egyptian society sits open on the shitty laptop on my desk. The laptop used to be my mom's, but she uses her phone and whatever computer she has at the clinic now. The laptop affords me a way to do my programming class homework from home, otherwise I'd have to suffer the crowds of the computer lab at school.
I hadn't gotten to writing the paper until early in the evening. I spent most of the day delaying my usual procrastinating. I had to work myself up to "I don't want to do that," which meant getting through my own goddamn head first. I spent several hours pacing and wondering just what the fuck I was doing, what's wrong with me, and where is this all going, if anywhere. Then I got into an ill-advised bit of "what's wrong with her?" that I quickly abandoned, because I've got enough on my own to deal with. I actually came at it from a point of humility, figuring if Jessica wants to be with me, then there must be something wrong with her too. I tried not to dwell on that line of thinking, but I did wonder where she was. She'd been gone all day.
Daylight fades, and I'm on my bed still staring at the delete button, enjoying the silence of my room. Before I can erase my ex-girlfriend, I'm interrupted by a text.
"You awake?"-- Jessica.
"Yeah."The sight of her name shoots a jolt of energy through me.
"I have something for you. I'm almost home."
"For me? What?"
She doesn't respond, so I resume my impression of a stuffed animal propped up against my pillow.
I'm the most eager stuffed animal in existence.
My door creaks open a few minutes later. I hadn't heard the outside door open or shut. My laptop has gone dark, and the fading twilight from the window is all that lights the room. A hand touches the inside of my leg.
"What's going on?"
"Shhh," whispers Jessica.
"What have you been up to?" I bring my voice down to her level.
"Doing a bunch of biology assignments. And thinking about you."
I don't know if she can see my grin in the darkness, but it's there. "Are there lights on out there?"
"Her bedroom light is, but I didn't hear anything. Think she's reading?"
"Probably."
Jessica says, "If you're really quiet, I have something for you." She drops her voice even lower. "You were very good to me last night, and I've been thinking about it all day. I never thanked you properly." The bed presses down on each side of me, then her lips touch mine.
"That was nice," I say.
"Shhh." Jessica slides down my body, trailing her hands on my sides to my belt, which she begins unfastening. It takes her a while, and I almost help her, but eventually she gets it. She tears my jeans away after she solves the belt puzzle.
My sister's tongue is wet heaven, when she first licks my head. She moves to the base, then works up and down, before swallowing most of me. She supports the whole effort by stroking with one hand under her chin. Jessica seems to have a system in mind, and dives deeper than I need. I don't know if that's what she likes to do, or she's trying to impress. I move her towards the tip, and she refocuses there.
Jessica's hair shines in the light coming through the window. A faint white sheen on top of jet black. She pulls her lips clear of me every so often and pinches her eyebrows like she did when she used to brush her hair when we were little. She's focused and studying. Getting tangles out, giving your brother a blowjob, same thing, really. After a minute, she changes hands, and works with her left. When that hand tires, she moves back to her right, but pauses to tease me underneath with the tip of her tongue. She flicks it up and down, and I know I'm not going to last long.
"Shhh," whispers my sister, as she resumes slurping.
I lay back trying to delay the inevitable, and listening to the sucking sounds, but there's no holding it back. "I'm gonna cum. What do you want me to--"
"Just cum."
Jessica wraps her mouth over the top of me, and licks quickly, while stroking with her hand. The room blurs into crimson, and I'm pummeled with euphoric bliss. Then things return to black, before she finally lets go of me. My sister stops before I have to wave her off. This time I don't feel strange at all. It feels like home.
I lay back, trying to breathe.
"You okay?" Her voice is a whisper. She stands and the bed returns to the weight of just me.
"Yeah," I say, matching her whisper. "Thanks."
"You're welcome." Jessica's silhouette looms in front of the window. She hooks her thumb in the cuff of her sleeve and wipes her face.
I ask, "Can I do something for you?"
"Later. I have to go fall over." Her shadow bends over and kisses my cheek. "Good night."
My sister dissolves into the darkness, then my doorknob rattles. The door latches shut, and my room is quiet again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 11
Jessica and I make out in the shower for 20 minutes the next morning. It's amazing what a proper water heater and fan can provide.
I can't sleep, so I'm up early. As soon as Mom leaves, I'm opening my sister's door. She bolts upright in bed, then crashes back down on her pillow when she sees it's me.
"Fucking hell, I thought you were Mom."
"Should I knock?"
"No." Jessica sits up on her elbows and blinks. "You don't have to."
After the wet make out session, we compare school schedules for the first time. She works hard on her classes, and I'm trying to keep focused on mine. Jessica is taking two different biology classes, and a chemistry series. I have an economics class made much harder by the professor's impossibly thick accent, so I spend a lot of time reading that textbook.
Over the next few days, my sister and I realize that making out in our morning shower, while fun, isn't the most productive thing to do. And we never have sex in the shower, but it often leads to other places. Shower sex doesn't work, it turns out. Typically, the first one up wakes up the other, then we fool around until we have to really get ready. The departing bus timer is always ticking.
One morning, I awake before it's light to her tugging at the shorts I'd worn to bed.
"I can't sleep. I need to do something to you." Jessica throws the shorts over her shoulder, and bends over me.
I fold my hands behind my head and let her do what she wants.
After a lot of slurping, she wipes her face, and her footsteps fade into the kitchen. I think about getting up, but instead I end up watching the strawberry glow of first light out my window. My sister returns to my room and sits on the corner of the bed with a bowl of shredded wheat. She tosses a foil pack of Pop-Tarts at me, and it lands on my chest.
"What are all the science classes for?" I tear open the foil and take a bite.
"Like, what degree do I want?" She chews her cereal while she asks the question.
"Yeah, what are you going for?"
"I want to do veterinary work."
"Dogs and cats and all that?"
Jessica tilts her head forward and chews faster, then swallows. "Dogs more than cats, but yes."
"You guys ever have a dog?"
"No, dad says he's allergic, but I've never seen him react to anything. I think he just doesn't want to deal with a dog. It always bugged me that I couldn't have one. You and Mom never had any pets either, did you?"
"No. I could see getting a dog though." I take another bite of the pastry and spill crumbs on myself. Sticky Pop-Tart filling adheres to my shirt. "I should probably get up."
Jessica says, "Yes, you should," with her mouth full.
That night we're on her bed watching Netflix, like some sort of normal couple. We put on a vampire movie that quickly becomes the cheesiest shit I've ever seen, and I lose interest. I'm yawning, and Jessica is staring at her phone. Each time she touches the screen, it makes a ticking sound. She grips the phone sideways at first and touches it with both her thumbs. It looks like how she used to play my Gameboy when she stole it from me when we were little. Then she turns the phone tall, and touches it with a single finger. My sister taps the phone rapidly, and squishes her eyebrows together with an elegant determination.
I reach over and unbutton her jeans, then crawl down to the foot of the bed. I pull on her pants legs, but they won't budge.
"Do you need some help?" Jessica doesn't look up.
"I think so."
She tosses her phone to the side, and pushes the waist of her pants down over her hips, which gives me enough slack to get them off.
"Why do girls wear such tight pants?" I pull off her underwear and throw them as far away as I can.
"Makes my ass look good."
"It does." I realize it as soon as she says it. I kiss her inner thigh, and work my way east, as I touch the outside of her lips with a finger.
Jessica shivers.
I say, "Isn't it a pain?"
"Yes, but that's the price you pay for -- flat is better. Can you make your tongue flatter?"
I do my best to follow directions.
"It's a hassle, but, like... Oh... plus, you... Then once they're on... Please-right-there. It's dumb, but hot, and... The whole thing is just... Don't even get me started on shoes. Oh-my-god-keep-doing-that."
The front door of the house slams shut.
Against my sister's instruction, I stop, frozen, my face buried between her legs.
Footsteps move around the far side of the house. Keys hit a table, then the steps fade into the kitchen. Jessica twitches and I snap out of my trance, falling back onto the floor.
"Fuck," says my sister in a hushed whisper. She spins off the bed, and comes up with a different pair of pants, which she steps a leg into.
I can't form thoughts, let alone words. I pull the door open as quietly as I can and leap into the bathroom.
After washing off in the shower, I step out to find Jessica chatting with our mother in my sister's doorway. Jessica has donned one of her long night shirts over the jeans she'd put on as I'd made my escape.
Mom asks something about the water heater I don't quite hear, and turns to me.
"Yeah, it's pretty great. The fan too. I've got some stuff to do." I step into my room to discover my floor clear of the laundry that had been there only moments before. "Did you grab my clothes?"
"Yes," says Mom. "The dryer is still only working when it's full. I've just been washing and topping it off with yours and your sister's clothes when I need them."
"Can you ask first, please?"
"Yes," says my sister. "Can you ask me too, Mom?"
"Okay, sure," she says, sounding surprised.
They continue talking, and I close the door to my room. Then I toss on some clothes, and lay down on my bed with my phone. It buzzes a minute later with a message on the blue dot text app Garrett installed.
"She just came right in. She didn't knock or anything."-- Jessica
"OMG"
"I'm still shaking. I told her to knock from now on."
"We need to be more careful."
"Yes. I want to use this app instead of regular texts."
"I don't think that's going to help if Mom walks in, but sure."
"I feel safer with it. Why don't these doors have locks?"
"Dunno. Old house."
The conversation stops there.
A minute later, I text my sister again,"You okay?"
"Yes. You?"
"Yeah."
"I'll see you tomorrow. I'm going to hide in here for tonight."
Jessica and I are paranoid after another close call. We check Mom's schedule, and only fool around if we knew for certain she's out.
Then we discover the hidden fun of our morning commute. Mom is tied to the clinic. All our friends are out of town during the week, except for Garrett who I know drives to work, and Robyn who lives on the far east side of town. Jessica and I have each made a few acquaintances at school, but really nothing more than a lab partner. There are familiar faces on the bus, but nobody talks, and everyone just stares at their phones.
So we start holding hands on the bus ride to school.
There are mornings we have sex, then later hold hands, and it's the hand holding that feels risqu.
One morning I find Jessica in the kitchen reaching for the top shelf of the cupboard. She's standing on her tip toes, barefoot, wearing a white sweater over a loose dark skirt that runs to her knees. I haven't watched her in the makeup mirror in a while, and I know for sure Mom is busy at work.
So I come up behind my sister and pin her hips against the counter.
"Oh, hi." Jessica turns her head over her shoulder toward me.
"Do you need some help?"
"Grab me a bowl?"
I cup her breasts and pull her against my chest, pinching her long hair between us.
"I may need something else first." She reaches back and grabs my crotch.
I retrieve the bowl for her after I bend her over the kitchen table and have my way with her. Hot morning breakfast sex does something for her that cold cereal can't provide. It lights a fire in the green, and I watch the flames dance all the way to school.
We step off the bus, and my sister keeps holding my hand longer than normal. I don't want to let go either, and I'm scanning the crowd for anyone who could recognize us, when Jessica pulls me in and kisses me. People mere feet from us are getting on and off the bus, walking in front of us, and crossing the street. Traffic, honking, phone conversations. The bright morning sun bathes everyone, as a hive of commuters buzzes around, and we hide in plain sight. Some people carry books, some have backpacks, and a couple wear bright yellow t-shirts.
None of them matter.
When my sister pulls off my lips, she smiles and holds my hand as she walks away, before finally letting go and being absorbed by the anonymous crowd. I forget all about the sex in the kitchen. The kiss and the smile burn clear all day.
After that I have to sit in an economics lecture, and I try to figure out what vowels my professor's native language has. I'm sure there are some, but he doesn't seem to use any when he speaks English. The cryptic drawings he scrawls on the white board just confuse me further. He's big on supply and demand curves, but outfits them with words I can't read, complete with backwards letters. The hieroglyphs in my anthropology class make more sense.
Then I'm back at the same bus stop from earlier. It's so lifeless there without my sister, and it's like returning to the scene of the crime. A boring grey metal rain shelter held in place by some blue painted steel tubes, with sides of Plexiglas to keep the rain wash out. Across the street looms a commercial center with a mattress shop, and a cell phone store under a staffing agency office. A blue rectangular sign the size of a truck sits on the building's front lawn, with the company logo for the staffing agency. A fat bird in front of three horizontal black lines. The bird crouches in silhouette, like it's ducking under being patted on the head. At least it's not Donna's company.
The sprawling campus of Corvis, Inc. lies far out to the west side of town, and the bus takes me to where I catch the light rail train. The MAX Blue Line provides the only transportation all the way out to the sticks where my job is. The train arrives every fifteen minutes. You stand on a platform, and wait for the doors to open, then before you know it, they close, and you're whisked off to a distant part of Portland.
Once in my cubicle, I check my email, and a message from my boss is lurking in my inbox. He wants me to congratulate Todd for his excellent report on the Shasta project tracking. I still have yet to hear anything from Todd, and I was the one who did the report on the Shastas. I'd spent most of Tuesday and Wednesday putting it together, since my own list with the Lassens only took me about an hour. I put Todd's name on the report, so my boss would stop nagging me.
Frank goes on to say both Todd and I need to complete a peer review evaluation called a Side-by-Side, where we each critique the other. These must be signed and dated, along with employee ID numbers, and sent via the official Corvis web verification system, which I couldn't forge if I wanted to. The evaluation isn't due for two weeks, but Todd's absence is officially problematic now.
I start to realize my position at my dad's company is largely ceremonial, and reeks of nepotism. Some random guy hired the same day as me has ten times the work I do. It's like I'd been buried in a corner, just to keep me quiet. Not that there aren't benefits. I got my first paycheck, and I'm the richest I've ever been.
Instead of stressing, I sit with my eyes closed picturing my sister's figure. Her face between dark streaks that run to her waist. In my head I see the streaks twist into a bun on top of her head, leaving her neck on display for me to covet. I can see the bright green when she turns to face me, feel her breast under my hand, her firm grip against the back of my head. Each time I touch her, she touches me back. Sometimes I think I'm taking advantage of her, but that never lasts. Nobody tells her what to do. She wants this, too, whatever it is.
My phone buzzes with a blue dot text from Garrett. He only ever uses blue dot texts.
"You busy next weekend?"
"No plans. What's up?"This isn't quite true. I plan to wear my sister like a feedbag, but I do that whenever possible.
"Two words: Beach House. You want to come hang out for the weekend?"
This is in no way something I could have expected. I make plans on an hourly basis, and those revolve around class and my mother's work schedule. I fire off a text to Jessica.
"There's a beach trip?"
Jessica doesn't respond. She may be in a chemistry lab. I vaguely remember her saying something about an acid/base titration project while she was on top of the kitchen table, right before she jerked and knocked over a pepper shaker. The top fell off, spilling pepper everywhere, and I tried to keep the lid from falling, but nearly pulled us both onto the floor in the process. She tends to twitch when we go at it in that position. I'm slowly getting to know my sister.
I switch back and forth between Garrett's and Jessica's messages, as though that will somehow make things happen, and finally I respond to Garrett.
"Who all is going?"
"Robyn, Me, Jane & Kevin, you if you want, couple other people you don't know, and your sister if she wants to. She hasn't responded yet. Solid crew."
"What do you guys do?"
"Get drinks and make a fire on the beach. It's a jolly good time. You should come."
These are Jessica's friends asking me to come with them. If she had already accepted, I'd have worried about the appearance of tagging along. But I guess that's not the case.
"Sure, count me in."
"Good stuff. Work on your sister. We'd like to see her too."
"What do I need to bring? When do we leave?"
"Food and whatever you want to drink. Friday after school / work."
"Drinks are harder for me, but I'll be set for food."It's as subtle a nod as I can make to my age.
"That's a logistics issue. We have a procurement system. Don't sweat it."
"Cool. Thanks for the invite."
I switch back to Jessica.
"I'm taking you on a date tonight."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 12
"Where are we going?" Jessica loops her arm through mine as soon as the house is out of sight. Night covers us, but we're still careful.
"Dinner."
"In the park?"
"Kind of," I say.
"No, seriously." Jessica stomps her heels on the pavement, and jerks me to a halt.
"Fish and chips, by the bridge."
"Oh, that place is great." My sister hugs my side, and we resume our march. "I went there a couple times the first week of school."
I lead us down the paved road to the main street, instead of going through the park, as it's less of a walk. My sister stands taller than usual, and I figure she might not want to go as far. People squeeze themselves into a clump on the sidewalk outside the shops. As we get close, two lines emerge, one to order, and the other to pick up food. The ordering line is short tonight, but a crowd of people spills into the street around the pickup window. Several people in the bunch sport yellow t-shirts, and one woman wearing overalls grips a gas mask against her hip. I have Jessica on my arm, and I'm in no hurry.
My sister orders halibut, and I go for the cod then pay with my new found wealth. I stow my wallet and look up to my date curling her lip at the mob in front of us.
I say, "Let's wait on the bridge, they'll shout the order," and I pull Jessica through a pile of loitering people. As we round the corner onto the wooden beams, I glance back across the street and notice a woman lounging on one of the park benches in front of the rose bushes. She leans back, slouching, with her ankles poking out from the hem of a long dark skirt. Her face glows dimly from the phone cradled in her lap.
We pass under a streetlight onto the dark wooden walkway. Small gaps between the wood segments afford a peek at the water below during the day, but only a gentle lapping gives away the waves now. Overhead streetlights bathe the bridge, each on a pole placed a stone's throw from the next. I lead us under the first light, and continue half way to the second, where the light struggles to reach.
When we reach the darkest stretch between the lights, my sister pushes me back into the railing. She holds me captive with her breasts, squeezing her yellow dress against my chest. I'm surprised she'd worn that particular dress, but I'm not about to complain. From back at the window, a man shouts that the order of cod with extra coleslaw is up.
Jessica's face hovers right in front of me. She runs her hand up my chest and over my shoulder. I lean in to kiss her, but she cranes her neck away and we don't meet.
"What are you doing?" I ask.
"Teasing you." Jessica grins.
I put my hands on her hips and hold her against me. I can at least do that.
"How long do you think the wait will be?" asks my sister.
"A few minutes. What do you want to do?"
"It's cold out. You have to keep me warm." Jessica tenderly bites the side of my ear.
I scan our surroundings. A few people loiter farther down the bridge, but they're faint and hard to see, except for one couple slowly walking hand in hand towards us. Back by the chips shop window, some of the crowd has spread around the corner. The woman with the gas mask sits on the curb next to a skinny, pale man with long brown dreadlocks dangling across his back. On the park bench across the street, the dark skirt woman is still staring at her phone.
"I heard you're coming to the beach with us." Jessica kisses my neck. She nuzzles her chin against the top of my shoulder, as she faces the water behind me.
"If you don't mind."
"I don't. Otherwise I'll miss you."
"How are we going to act... for a whole weekend."
"Not sure yet. We'll figure it out. We do need to be careful though." Jessica lets go of my shoulder, and scrapes her nails down my chest, then grabs my belt. She lifts my shirt and lightly rubs my skin in circles with the back of her fingers.
"What do you guys do on these trips?"
"Mostly get drunk and then Kevin and Garrett build a bon fire."
I slide my hands lower, and squeeze her ass from each side. "Do we know what kind of place we're staying at?"
"Some rental house, probably. Robyn always does it. I requested my own room, and I may feel like having a roommate." Jessica licks my earlobe and begins sucking on it.
The voice from the pick-up window shouts for six halibuts and 2 cods, plus a bunch of sides. A portion of the restless mob shuffles back to the counter. The dark skirt woman on the park bench tracks them as they move, then she looks right at me. I turn my head in the direction of her gaze, thinking maybe she was looking behind us on the bridge. The couple holding hands has stopped under the next light down from Jessica and me, closer than I'd prefer. The man leans into her and kisses her against the railing. I turn back to the dark skirt woman, and I'm pretty sure she's looking at us, not the kissing couple. In front of the shop, the gas mask woman is standing again. She grips her chemical warfare protection in one hand, and pulls the pale man with dreadlocks by his belt toward us, as he carries the remainder of their food.
"Is it a full moon tonight or something?" I ask my sister.
"No idea. Are there werewolves out?" Jessica reaches around me under my shirt, and five sharp talons scrape ever so gently down the center of my back. I'm shivers head to toe.
"People are wearing weird shit, and it feels like everyone is about to start fucking."
"We're not wearing weird shit. I like your shirt. What am I missing?"
"The next stop for those folks is a bedroom, if they make it that far." I point my head toward the tall couple down the bridge, keeping my fingers on my sister's ass. Jessica gives a fleeting glance out of the corner of her eye, but keeps working her nails on my back. She licks my neck, and breathes in, freezing my skin.
"There's a couple coming down the bridge. The girl is carrying a gas mask."
"Don't kink shame."
"And there's a woman across the street who I think is watching us."
"What's she doing?" My sister's nails scratch light patterns over my shoulder blades, and it's hard to keep from flexing against the tickling. Her face is still buried in my neck.
"Looking over the top of her phone, and watching you toy with me."
"I'm becoming a fan of lewd acts in public."
"That thing you do with your nails is torture."
The next scrape over my spine is distinctly sharper. I squirm in Jessica's embrace, and she giggles.
The woman with the gas mask tows her rope-haired companion by his belt past us on the bridge without acknowledging us. They're focused on their destiny. Jessica lifts her head off my shoulder, and I pull her tight and kiss her lips. Her tongue finds its usual home inside my mouth. There is no mistaking what we're up to.
My sister pulls back. "Where is the woman watching us?" She puckers her lips and smooches me twice, then turns her head.
"Park bench. Past the shop, over there."
Jessica looks at the dark skirt woman, then jerks back to face me. I'm suddenly attached to a rigid steel girder. My sister grips the front of my shirt with both fists, and pulls herself against me. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck."
"What's wrong?"
"That's Kirsten!"
A rock shoots through the bottom of my stomach. "Did she recognize you?"
"Maybe. We're kind of in the dark here... I don't know. Fuck. What do we do?"
"Just don't move. She doesn't know me, right? We'll leave if she starts to come over here."
"Okay, that sounds good."
The voice from the pickup counter announces that an order of salmon and halibut is ready. Kirsten stands and a man emerges from behind the shadowy rose bushes to her side. His face is hidden by his upturned collar and the phone he has pressed against his ear. But I know his walk. He pockets his phone, then reaches under Kirsten's shirt and kisses her. She pulls his collar down, and combs her fingers through his hair.
I tear free of my sister's grip, and pull my stumbling sister by the wrist down the wooden bridge away from the park.
"Ow, Alex. What's happening?"
I break into a jog, and Jessica matches me.
"It's not just her," I say. "It's Dad."