Everything had changed between Kelly and I. In a few short days on the road our decade-long platonic friendship had rapidly evolved as her love of exhibitionism also gathered pace.
Just hours earlier she had ordered me to help her masturbate in front of more than 20 men at a pool hall in a mall. Then she had given me an exquisite hand job and taking my cum load in her mouth in the back of our car.
I was desperate to know how she saw this all developing but, as had become the pattern after her brushes with public exposure, she was in no mood to talk about what had gone on. In fact she almost seemed to have blocked it from her mind completely as we continued on our aimless journey.
We had eaten at a roadside diner and then hit the highway again with me driving and her either dozing off in the passenger seat or making small talk about the scenery.
My head was spinning with thoughts and struggling with the growing realisation that I wanted much more from Kelly than the friendship we had enjoyed for so long. But I did not want to push her so kept quiet and waited for my opportunity.
Kelly had just awoken from her latest brief nap as we entered another fairly non-descript small town. It was dark by now and soon we would need to be looking for a place to stay.
"What time is it Phil," she asked with a yawn.
"Around 9," I replied. "We probably better find a motel here or we'll end up sleeping in the car."
"Stop!" Kelly yelled suddenly.
Startled I hit the brakes and the car jolted to a halt.
"What's wrong?" I said.
Kelly looked at me with that smile again and said, "Nothing. I'm getting that urge again and I think I've just seen the perfect place for it."
I knew full well what she meant and felt my heart-rate start to pick up in anticipation. Now wide-awake, Kelly pointed to a basketball court where four men were shooting hoops under the floodlights.
Parking the car around 250 yards from the court I turned to Kelly and asked, "So what have you in mind this time?"
"Oh come on now Phil. It's far more fun if I don't tell you and just let you find out. Plus I actually don't know myself," Kelly said with a giggle as she checked her hair and make-up in the mirror.
"I know Kell. It's all about spontaneity," I replied.
"You got it," she said with a grin as she opened her door and got out of the car.
I followed suit and joined Kelly at the kerb. She had not bothered to put her bra back on after the mall and the cool night air combined with the excited anticipation of some more exhibitionism had left her nipples poking prominently against her flimsy blue summer dress.
"I'm getting wet already;" she said, "Good job I left my panties off or they'd be getting soaked."
I gulped and could feel my dick hardening once more inside my pants. My friend's liking for exposing herself was becoming almost as addictive to me as it clearly was to her and I craved to know what she was planning.
We made our way over to the basketball court. As we entered through the gate in the high fence that surrounded the court, the men halted their game. All four men were in their late 20s to early 30 and all seemed pleased to see the attractive blonde who had interrupted their game.
"Hi there. Can we help you?" one said.
"We were driving by and wondered if we could join your game," replied Kelly.
The men looked at each other and all nodded. "Sure," said the man who had greeted us. "I'm Tony and this is Carl, Tom and Calvin."
"Nice to meet you boys," Kelly responded. "I'm Kelly and this is Phil."
"Hi," I muttered.
"Ok," said Tony. "How'd you wanna do this?"
"I'll join your team and Phil can be on the other. Is that ok?" Kelly replied. "I know I'm a girl but I'm a good player I promise," she added with a sly smile.
"No problem," said Tony.
"Excuse me but you aren't exactly dressed for basketball," commented Calvin.
"You're right," said Kelly. Turning away from the men she bent over at the waist and undid her wedged heeled shoes kicking them off in turn. I could see the men checking out her butt which was peeking out beneath the hem of her dress as she did this.
Her shoes removed, Kelly walked up to Tony with her 34d boobs swaying gently against her dress with each step. She took the ball from his grasp and went to take a shot at the hoop.
Just as she was on the point of releasing the ball she stopped and faced the group. "You know what I still don't feel comfortable," she said tossing the ball back to a puzzled Tony.
With that she reached down and took hold of the hem of her dress. She slowly lifted it up revealing more and more of her naked body that lay underneath the material.
First her toned thighs came into sight, then her silky smooth pussy followed by her flat stomach and finally her glorious boobs with their large nipples that were standing to attention in the centre of her dark areola.
With a final tug, she pulled the dress off over her head and casually flung it to the side of the court. One of the men whistled while the others stood in stunned silence.
Kelly walked right up to Tony and retook the ball making sure to brush her boobs against him as she did so.
"Let's play then guys," Kelly said taking a shot that missed the hoop by some way.
"Uh Ok," mumbled Tony retrieving the ball but keeping his eyes firmly fixed on the naked blonde beauty a few standing yards from him.
In an almost surreal way a game of sorts then began although the two men on my team seemed far more interested in marking Kelly as closely as possible than in making baskets.
We had been going like this for a couple of minutes when Kelly stood still and said, "Time-out."
"What's up?" said Calvin.
"I don't think I'm as good at this game as I thought I was. How about we play a different one?" Kelly responded with a seductively smile.
"What did you have in mind?" said Calvin.
"How about you guys have a free throw contest?" she replied.
"And what are you gonna do missy?" said Tom in what I think was the first time he had spoken since we arrived.
Kelly laughed and said," I will stand here naked and watch. Then I will suck the winner's cock!"
Yet again there was stunned silence on the court until Calvin said, "I'm in."
The other three men agreed while it was suggested that I, as an outsider to the group, did not take part. To be truthful that did not bother me as I am hopeless at basketball. What is more I had hopes that the raging boner in my pants would be satisfied in another way later that night.
Kelly clapped excitedly and said, "Great."
I stood next to her on the side-lines while the four men haggled over the rules of the competition and who would shoot in what order.
"You sure you want to do this Kell?" I said. "Are you really going to give a blow job to one of these strangers right out here in a public place?"
"Certainly am Phil," she replied still grinning broadly. "Are you having fun? I hope you are."
"I am Kell as long as you're not doing anything you're going to regret," I said.
"That's sweet Phil and no I'm doing all this because I want to do it. Feel how excited I am," she said grabbing my hand and putting it on her pussy.
I could feel a warm wetness as her juice leaked out of her lips onto my fingers. My dick strained in my pants eager to be inserted into her pussy. Forcing myself to pull my hand away I said, "Yep Kell you are definitely excited."
Kelly chuckled. The free throw contest had begun and it quickly became apparent that Calvin would win. As the other three men bemoaned their bad luck and his undoubted ball skills, he sank his three shots while they all missed at least one.
Holding his arms aloft Calvin yelped, "Oh yeah. Who's the man?"
Kelly walked across to him and taking his hand said, "You are it seems Calvin."
Beckoning for the losing players and me to follow, Kelly led Calvin to a corner of the court that could not be seen from the road and pulled down his shorts and underwear.
His dick was fully erect as it popped free and Kelly started tugging on it gently. Temporarily releasing her grasp, she kneeled down in front of him and then re-established her grip on his shaft.
After first checking that the rest of us were watching, she cupped his balls in one hand and placed her mouth around the tip of his dick. She nibbled the tip playfully for a few seconds and then, with one last glance up at her audience, plunged the entire shaft into her mouth.
Her head bobbing back and forth and her boobs swinging away, Kelly sucked Calvin's dick slowly at first and then picking up the pace. He grabbed her hair and closed his eyes as she sucked faster and faster.
Then with a final thrust forward he came in her mouth as the rest of us watched on in envy. When he was done, Kelly slipped her mouth free from his dick and swallowed.
"Damn girl you suck a good cock," said Calvin.
Getting to her feet Kelly replied, "Thanks."
"Another game?" said Tony with a hopeful look on his face.
Kelly chuckled, "Sorry boys Phil and I have plans. Right Phil?"
Unaware what 'plans' these were I just nodded my agreement. I jogged across the court to retrieve Kelly's dress and shoes for her while she exchanged farewell kisses with each of her new friends all of whom she allowed to have a feel of her boobs as she pecked them on the cheek.
I handed Kelly her dress and after she had slipped it back on as well as her shoes we made our way to our car.
Back in the vehicle Kelly said, "I am so horny. That was awesome. Let's find a motel and you can fuck my brains out Phil."
Even with all that had gone on these past few days this remark still shocked me. "What?" I stammered.
Turning to face me and looking me straight in the eye she replied slowly, "I want you to fuck me Phil. Unless you don't want to that is?"
"I want nothing more than that Kell," I responded.
"Well then let's find that motel and quickly," Kelly said.
As luck would have it we came across a motel within minutes of setting off. Having barely listened to a word the woman on reception said as I checked us in, I grabbed the keys to the room and we literally ran to get there.
Bursting through the door I threw off my clothes as Kelly removed her dress. She pulled me onto the bed on top of her and we began kissing. My hands were all over her not knowing where to touch first.
To my surprise and initial disappointment Kelly then stopped kissing me and brought an abrupt end to my hands' exploration of her body.
Looking at me with that sly grin again she pushed me off her and got up from the bed. Throwing open the curtains she turned back to me and said, "I want us to be seen."
At this stage I did not care who might see us. I just wanted her. "Ok with me," I said.
Kelly walked back to the bed and pushed me backwards. She climbed up and stood over me looking down. Without a word she lowered herself down slowly eventually impaling herself on my dick.
Words cannot do justice to the sensation as her pussy slipped onto my dick. I was in heaven and closed my eyes as Kelly began to bounce on my shaft.
Moaning and muttering she pumped herself up and down my dick. I glanced up to see her as she thrust herself on me with increasing fervor. He huge boobs were swinging wildly. Her eyes were closed and she was panting heavily.
I leaned back again let her have her way with my dick until suddenly she yelped and I felt her pussy muscles grip tighter around my shaft as she orgasmed. Almost immediately I too reached a glorious climax firing load upon load of hot cum into Kelly's warm, wet pussy.
Both satisfied, Kelly collapsed onto my chest. We lay there like that for a couple of minutes with my dick slowly returning to its less-excited state inside her soaked hole.
Having recovered her breath sufficiently, Kelly dismounted and rolled over. We both looked up at the ceiling silently.
Then Kelly said, "I told you spontaneity was good Phil."
"You did Kell, You did," I replied. "And you know what? You were right."