It is Friday morning. I have friends flying in tonight. They will be staying with me for two weeks. I last saw him on Sunday, and we have talked on the phone during the week. That means, let's see, no sex for three weeks. With my friends in the house, I won't even be able to masturbate. He better watch out when we do get together as I'll be very horny. I'm anticipating that already and feel my nipples harden and some wetness develop.
I finish cleaning my house, make sure there are clean towels set out and clean sheets on the spare beds. The dishes are done and put away. Even though they are my friends, I want them to see a clean house. It's now mid-afternoon.
I go to the computer and check their flight. Delayed. It hasn't taken off yet. I call one of my friends and ask what is going on. She says there is some sort of mechanical problem, they need a spare part. It will take at least five hours. Because it is Friday, all the flights are booked. They can't get on another one. She mentions that they have books and magazines to read. I say I'll keep checking the status, and will still pick them up no matter what time they get in.
With the house cleaned, emails checked, wet pussy, I wonder what I'm going to do. I could take out my vibrator and pleasure myself since it will be awhile. Or maybe I could take a cold shower. But then I think, I have some extra time, what if I go to his house and surprise him. He usually goes to the gym after work on Friday, comes home, and calls me. If he stays on his regular schedule, I have time. I wonder if he will like the surprise I'm now planning.
As I get ready, I'm thinking, will he like it? He has watched me masturbate before, and said it is a turn on, so I'm assuming he will. But I've never shown up unannounced at his house before. We've been together for four plus years, there shouldn't be a problem. But if he is home, it won't quite be the same surprise.
I'm nervous from the combination of the excitement of being watched and surprising him. He is not expecting to see me tonight. Again, that shouldn't be a problem. I am still very wet. I slip on one of my sexy black short skirts, white silk blouse, my favorite Victoria's Secret demi bra and sheer, see through panties.
I drive to his house. Good, he's not home yet. He must still be at the gym. I have time to get ready. I undress and leave a trail of clothes, from the entrance into the house, up the stairs, leading to the bedroom. The trail starts with a black high heel shoe, then the other one, followed by the blouse, the skirt, bra and finally the panties. I'm sure he'll get the hint. I close the bedroom door, but not all the way. I leave some space to see into the room. I take out my pink, ribbed vibrator.
I lie naked on the bed, waiting to hear the garage door open and close. I get the lubricant ready, though it doesn't seem to be needed. I wait, excited. Wanting. Anticipating. Waiting. I hope he comes straight home. Anticipating. Waiting. Waiting. Wetter. The nerve endings throughout my body are tingling.
The waiting is turning me on even more. I want to start, but will wait. Every nerve is heightened. I want do this. I want this, need this. It will be two whole weeks before we see each other. Oh, yes I want this.
Hurry, hurry home. It's hard to wait. Finally, I hear the garage door open. I become wetter, if that was possible. Definitely no need for the lubricant. It's going to happen, seconds away. Every nerve is at its peak. I hear the door from the garage to the house open. The seconds drag on. He seems to be taking his time, looking the 3trail of clothes. The anticipation, the desire, the want. My nipples are standing on end.
I hear the creak of the stairs as he walks up. I turn on the vibrator. Any second now he'll be at the door. I look over and see a figure through the space left at the door and then the door slowly opens. I close my eyes and let the vibrator do its job. I start rubbing my clit with it. I insert the vibrator into my pussy. It slides right in, no need for lubricant.
I keep the vibrator running between my legs, up and down, then holding it against my clit. I feel the orgasm building. This is what I've wanted to surprise him with, and now it is coming (or should I say cumming) to fruition.
I can sense him watching me, though my eyes are still closed and concentrating on the sensations going on between my legs. Getting closer, closer. I turn the speed up, press it against my clit. Holding it there, it is going faster. Closer, closer, closer. Still pressing hard against my clit. Oh yes, this is it.
Closer, closer, almost, almost, yeah, yeah, yeah, ooohh yeah. Keeping the pressure on my clit as I cum hard, and loud.
I slip the vibrator inside me, starting the thrusting in and out. I open my eyes. He has taken his clothes off and is stroking himself. He is hard already. I smile. He smiles back. He must like the surprise. In and out goes the vibrator, getting closer for another. Seeing his hard cock brings the orgasm faster, and just as hard.
I pull the vibrator out and move to set it down. He says no, please keep going. I put it back on my clit for another one. I look, and is he ever hard. I want him in me. I try again to put it down, he says no, please keep going. With my body so sensitive and desirous, I keep it there. He walks over, starts licking my nipples, which pushes me over the edge again.
I want him. I beg, please fuck me. He says not yet, please keep going. He continues to suck and lick my nipples. Sucking one, while rolling the other one between his thumb and forefinger. Nipple play, vibrator, and then, he slides a finger inside me as the vibrator is on my clit. Three sensations at once is overload and I feel the cum juices flowing onto his finger.
I say I need a break, he says ok. I turn the vibrator off, set it next to me. My body is starting to have aftershocks. He lays down beside me to hold me, puts his thigh between my legs. Even he can feel the muscles twitching. But, I still want him inside me.
When the aftershocks subside a little, I look down. He is still hard. I ask again if he will fuck me, and this time he says yes. He goes around to the front, I spread my legs and he enters me.
After a few more orgasms, he fills me with cum. We are both a little tired and he again lies down next to me and holds me. We stay that way for 15-20 minutes. After we have caught our breath, I ask if he will check on the girls' flight.
He goes to the computer and checks the status. They are scheduled to land in an hour. The spare part must have come in earlier that expect. Still, plenty of time to get ready and meet them at baggage claim.
I take a shower, put on the demi bra and sheer panties, along with jeans and a different blouse. We kiss and I head to the airport. I get to the airport before their flight lands.
We see each other as they come down the steps. Hugs all around when we reach one another. They step back and look at me. One of them asks, you're glowing, did you just get fucked? I smile to myself, think about the bra and panties I'm wearing, and the cum floating around me and say yes. Ooh they say, tell us all about it over drinks, you're buying. Gladly I say.