"That term is thrown around a lot but what makes you think that?" asked Dr. Gonzalez.
"Because I want to fuck all the time," answered Traci.
"Well, as to whether you're a nymphomaniac or not, well, I doubt we can figure that out in one session."
"I can't stop. And on top of that, nearly every man I meet wants to fuck me and that probably includes you."
"You're a very pretty woman but my job is to remain neutral and try to help."
"But if I gave you the opportunity to fuck me you'd take it wouldn't you?"
"Not necessarily..."
"Not necessarily? You're bending already. Since I've been sitting here you've kept your eyes mainly on my legs."
"Ahhhh, I'm starting to wonder who's the therapist here."
"Don't worry, every man does that."
He paused for a second. "One thing is for certain, you enjoy putting yourself on display. Exhibitionist would be the term but there may be others. Yes, I did look at your legs and your skirt rides up just this side of modesty but when you dressed for this appointment, isn't that what you wanted me to do?"
"Yes"
"So maybe I should ask what you want from me besides looking at your legs?"
"I want...I want somebody to guide me. My husband totally gets me but we're inside the bubble and together we're not the most stable pair. Don't get me wrong, I love him dearly and he loves me but sometimes I wonder who's taking care of us. My best friend, Anna, is a great sounding board but she lives in England. We're like two peas in a pod...we're both sluts of the highest order. We talk on the phone as much as possible..."
"So we're back to the original question...what do you need from me?"
"I think I need a referee."
He started laughing, "Okay, I get that."
She continued, "I'm very sexually impulsive and I would never even think of using the word 'no'. For instance, right now I want you to clear your desk off and fuck the hell out of me. I know you want to but you're holding yourself back."
"As your therapist I can't do that."
"No, maybe not today but I'll leave here and you won't be able to stop thinking about me. You'll know I'm available and little by little you'll break down and one day you won't be able to stop yourself and you'll put that cock where it belongs."
As she said the last few words she overtly ran her fingers up her inner thigh stopping just short of a demonstration.
"Our time is up," he said, somewhat relieved, "Same time next session?"
***
When Pete got home from work, "So how'd it go?"
"He might be helpful," she said, "we'll see."
"So you liked him?"
"We'll see about that."
"Well then, as a junior psychologist myself, let me interpret what you just said. You thought he was incredibly attractive and, indeed, was hoping he'd fuck you on his desk but even though you dressed provocatively he managed to hold onto the professional high ground even when his dick said otherwise. If he can resist you then he can be a successful sounding board for all the crazy things we're doing."
"How'd you do that?"
"You forget I'm familiar with the patient."
Changing the subject, Pete showed her some of the graphics sent to him by the web designers he hired to help construct 'TouchTraci.com'. "Obviously the main setup is me sharing you in all sorts of scenarios but I thought of the 'selling you' angle too. I remember that time I sold you to those pickup truck dudes at the bar. That was really hot when they fucked you against the truck grill. What do you think?"
"I loved it! I can't believe they let you film that."
"They were so obsessed with you they never even saw me."
I know it's a little dangerous," she said, "but I fantasize about street hooking. It's so classless and nasty I think I could get into it."
"The problem is I could only get so close with the camera. We might have to stage it."
"Not as exciting. I get turned on watching porn when it feels spontaneous."
"Well I've got an idea that might make that work but it's only a theory at this point. We put you, looking all hot and sexy, in the middle of the barroom and wait for the first guy to pick you up. He says something like 'are you alone?' and you're honest, you say you're just waiting for your husband. He expresses regret, starts to leave but you ask him to stay. You get affectionate with him and explain that your husband likes to see you with other men. He'll know what you're talking about. He'll say that's crazy but then you say you love it to. Then I come over from the bar, we shake hands, you keep flirting with him and then I mention that we've got a room nearby, I'm in a sharing mood, is he interested? Of course, he's nuts over you by now and can't leave. I follow that up asking if he minds if I film it because, of course, that's my fetish. From there he says yes or no. My money's on 'yes' at this point because you're doing something suggestive under the table like rubbing his thigh. We go to the hotel and Aaron is already set up. So, what do you think?"
She sat there stunned that he had thought this out in such detail. "I...I think it's deviously brilliant but that doesn't guarantee it will work but it's worth a try."
"By the way, Aaron wants to be heavily involved in the website filming and I cou..."
"Absolutely! I want someone filming me who wants to desperately fuck me. It will energize the vision."
"I could use that help when I'm in scenes where I'm sharing you."
"Petey! I'm excited! This is such a turn on! Take me to the bar tonight, please?!? Try and share me with a bar dude. Call Aaron to film it"
"I'll call and see if he's available."
"It's me, Petey, he'll be available."
***
Indeed, as Traci predicted, Aaron was available. Pete and Aaron booked the room, set up two cameras at 6 and by 8:30 Pete and Traci were at the bar, she sitting alone nursing her drink and dressed to arouse. As catnip goes she looked irresistible.
It wasn't more than 20 minutes before she was approached by an attractive man in his 40's.
"Hi, I'm Mason. Are you alone?"
"No," she purred, "but I'd love it if you'd keep me company. My husband's up at the bar talking to someone."
"I'm not sure this is such a good idea. You look amazing but I don't want to get punched in the face for staring at another man's wife."
As he started to get up from his chair, she placed her hand over his. "Please, stay. I like having you here and, believe me, my husband doesn't mind at all."
"Really?" he said, sitting back down.
"Really. He likes seeing me with other men. It turns him on and I like it too because then I can meet a handsome guy like you."
"Sure, I guess I can hang a little bit. You're so beautiful why would he leave you sitting here?"
"Like I said, he likes watching me with other guys. It's a fetish I guess. The best part of it though is I get plenty of attention."
"I'll bet you do."
"Pete looked over here and smiled a few times already. He tells me he wants me to enjoy myself and he says he gets aroused when men undress me with their eyes. But what I like even better is...is when a man undresses me."
"Oh fuck..." he said, stunned by what she was suggesting. He looked around and noticed the number of other men in the room wishing they'd approached her first.
After giving Traci time to work her magic, Pete left the bar stool, walked over and extended his hand to Mason. "I'm Pete. I guess I owe you a thanks for keeping my wife occupied."
Traci put one hand on Mason's shoulder and one hand stroking his thigh beneath the table, occasionally grazing his hard-on.
"I think I'm the one who should be thanking you. She's the most gorgeous company I've had in a long time."
"She does have an effect on men and, frankly, I love it. Would you like to see more of her?"
Mason was all of a sudden on unsteady ground, "What do you mean?"
"Would you like to fuck her?"
"I...ah...I..." stammered Mason.
Remaining perfectly calm, Pete continued, "I like to share my wife's charms with other men. It's my thing and in the process she gets her rocks off. The guy who's lucky enough to put his cock in her gets a special treat. It's a win, win, win situation. The only thing I ask in return is to let me watch and film it so I can jerkoff later on."
"Wow, that's a lot to take in. I get her and you get a video?"
"That's about it. I'll even give you a copy."
"He gets to watch me and then he fucks me afterwards," said Traci so sweetly it discombobulated his mind even more. What eventually sold it was her constant stroking him under the table.
"Let's go," he said.
Pete texted Aaron to get ready, they were on their way.
***
As the door to the room opened the filming began.
"C'mon in and have seat on the couch with Traci. I love sharing my girl, right baby? I'm going to sit in this chair and enjoy every moment. Let your imagination go wild, buddy. Do anything you want. While you're here she's your bitch."
"Fuck yes, thanks, she's incredible," said Mason, and to Traci, "In the bar I wanted to fuck your hot little ass from the moment I looked over at your table."
"Mmmmm, wanna undress me for real, Mason?"
She stood before him and and he lifted the skin tight sweater over her, stopping to admire her breasts and the expensive bra that kept things orderly. Reaching around her back he unclasped the bra and playfully tossed it to Pete, who noted, "Nice, aren't they?"
Mason was transfixed by her perfection, "They're exquisite." He sucked her nipples, gently bringing his teeth together until she winced.
"Harder, I like the pain," she moaned as he bit down. She felt the rush of painful excitement and the slowly building orgasm. It's what she fucked for and hardly a day passed where she didn't feel that ambrosia kiss her body.
He bit down on the other nipple and she cried out, "Ohhhhhh fuuuuuucccckkk." He looked up at her, "I'm going to fuck you until you scream you nasty bitch," and he bit down again causing her to gasp.
Unable to even look away for a second, Pete took out his cock and pleasured himself with the vision of his used wife.
Mason eased down the zipper on the side of her skirt so deliberately that she wanted to beg him to go faster. After the skirt fell away he was at eye level with her kitty. Pulling her panty aside he flicked his tongue on her clit until she shuddered, "Oh my god...aggkkkaaaa."
Aaron got some closeups of the oral action, one hand holding the camera and the other jerking his exposed member. Traci was partially distracted by Aaron's multitasking but it was momentary as she submitted to Mason, lost in his overwhelming desire for her.
His fingers were in her. "Yes, yes, yes," she repeated like a mantra, her box on fire. "Like that, bitch?" he said, looking up at her, his fingers slightly bent upward finding the sweet spot. "Ahhhh, ooooohhhhhh, fuuuuccckk," and then she went silent as her body shuddered and her juices flowed out over his hand and wrist.
As she absorbed the last of her orgasm he stood up, pushed her by her shoulders to her knees,"Suck my cock, my lovely slut," he ordered. Holding the back of her head he roughly shoved it in her mouth and immediately gagged her as the tip struck the back of her throat. "Gluuukkkk, gluuukkkk, gluuukkkk."
"Look up at me," and when she did he cock-slapped her across the face. "That's it, that's it." He found particular pleasure in grabbing her hair and whipping his dick on her cheeks, leaving a touch of pre-cum on her lip.
Pete was going nuts jerking himself and telling her, "Take it, baby. Let the nice man have his way with you..."
Mason filled her mouth once again and face fucked her, both hands forcing her completely down on his ample shaft. Gluuukkkk, gluuukkkk..."
He turned her around facing the back of the couch and with no warning, roughly entered her wet cunt and pounded her relentlessly with a running commentary, "Like it, you fucking bitch?"
"That's my girl," said Pete, "You look amazing, Traci!"
Aaron was circling around with the camera, half of him tending to the best angles and the other half wanting to dump the camera and fuck her too.
Mason swapped places on the couch with her and she rode him like a bucking bronco, her ass bouncing enticingly for the camera. Aaron moved in for a closeup of of his cock sliding in and out. It was like a car piston and at the same time he bit down on her nipple she, once again, screamed and orgasmed at the crazy energy. She thought to herself, 'This can't be the last time with this maniac'.
Now Aaron was an excellent videographer but had one weakness in his professional work and that was Traci. He wanted her so badly that he'd forget what he was doing on occasion. This turned out to be one of those times as, unable to hold back any longer, he put the camera on its tripod, carefully aimed it and hurriedly pulled his pants off.
Pete knew what was coming but didn't know quite what to do so acted as if he'd planned it all along. "Surprise, baby, somebody's knocking at your backdoor."
Aaron knelt down trying to rim the bouncing Traci but gave up and unceremoniously entered her ass, the two of them DPing her and she screaming. The louder she got the harder they fucked her, their cocks buried deep within her holes. She came again, begging them, "Fuck me, don't stop...fuck me. Fuck me! I'm cuuummmiinngg again!"
"Like it, baby?" asked Pete.
"Yeesss!!!! Oh fuuucccckkkk, yes!!!!!!!"
Pete, motivated by the glorious vision of his wife, got up from his chair and put his aching rod in her mouth, muffling her shouts.
"I'm gonna cum, man," said Mason.
"Me too!" said Aaron.
Traci felt the throbbing of their orgasms in unison and Pete added his release in her mouth as she came once again, overwhelming her senses.
They filled all of her with their spunk and one by one they removed themselves from her well used body, leaving them to revel in the satisfied visual of their lust.
Mason, still stroking his half mast, "You are an amazing bitch. I want more."
"So go ahead and fuck her," Pete said cheerfully, "you can't wear her out."
***
"So what did you do?" asked Dr. Gonzalez, choking a little on his words.
"Do you want me to tell you or show you?" said Traci with a slight smile.
"Ahhh, telling me would be safer."
"Mmmm, but can't you just imagine my pretty mouth wrapped around your cock?"
Ignoring her offer, "So you had oral sex with him?"
"I crawled on my hands and knees, leaving a trail of their cum on the hotel carpet, and gave him head as he laid back in the chair. Soon enough he was hard again and I looked up at him, 'Will you fuck me now?'"
Traci could see the doctor swallow and knew how he was fighting his arousal.
"Traci, I'm not sure it's helping to give the fine details of these stories. In fact, I'm still not sure what I can do for you at all. I can listen and that's about it. You don't want to tell me about your upbringing."
"But you like the stories, right?"
"Well...I'm listening with a clinical ear."
"But don't the stories excite you?"
Big pause.
"Look, Traci, I'm married."
"So doesn't she want you to be happy? Pete wants me to be happy."
"Well, of course, but not what you're suggesting. Besides, I could lose my license for having sex with a patient."
"Nobody needs to know and I'm consenting to having you fuck the shit out of me. Let me tell you something, doctor. When I was looking for a therapist I wasn't reading the qualifications, I looked at the pictures and decided who I'd like to fuck."
Traci stood up and sat on the edge of his desk, her skirt hiked up high enough for Gonzalez to see that she was wearing no panties. She fingered herself while he watched and the bulge in his pants got ever more visible.
"Traci..." he began as she put a finger to his lips.
She said in a soft, sexy tone, "Just watch and enjoy."
She masturbated only for him.
Looking into his eyes she took hold of his imagination. He couldn't talk, locked in on her overwhelming sexuality. Her moaning increased as the manipulation grew and never once did she look away from him.
He wanted to take what she offered but fought the massive urge by steering his thoughts elsewhere. She was every man's dirty dream and the task of resistance was wearing him down.
She glanced down at his crotch and smiled as his hand found the bulge and he slowly jerked himself. He convinced himself it was alright as long as he didn't touch her.
She was so close and her fingers began to quickly flick her clit. "I'm cumming, baby. I'm cumming for you..." With the last surge she sped up and with a loud exhale released a massive orgasm.
She watched as a wet spot spread across the crotch of his khakis. Despite his best efforts, he couldn't stop from ejaculating watching her.
As she hopped off the desk and pulled down her skirt she couldn't resist, "I think we made some real progress today."
He nervously laughed and said, "I guess so..."
"Say, why don't you and your wife join Pete and I for a Slut Wife Club event this Saturday?"
"Thanks, but my wife's not into that."
"You'd probably be surprised what she's into. A lot of husbands don't have a clue."
"Thanks, Traci, I don't think so. Besides, I have a rule not to mix my professional and my personal."
As they walked to the door, she put her hand on his wet spot, "This'll dry in about fifteen minutes. Until then stay behind your desk. See you next time."