Firstly an apology for not having written anything in the Modified saga fir a good while, but I wanted to spend a little time thinking about the direction of the story and ultimately how to finish it. I also wrote a couple of other pieces as a means of exploring other ideas with Jack still as the central character, plus starting a completely different piece in another genre. The short of all that is I got distracted, plus real life got busy and complicated which took up most of my energy. But I hope you enjoy this and the following chapters over the coming weeks. As always, your feedback is welcome. Enjoy!
*Thursday*
Although Jack and Angela had gone to bed around 10pm, they'd fallen asleep almost immediately following a fun and energetic afternoon with Christine and Sinead. Whilst normally a very sound sleeper, Jack was aware that Gemma and Felicity were arriving at some point, and whilst he had given them the code for the front door, he wouldn't be truly relaxed until he knew they'd got there safely. Thus it was about 3am when he heard the front door open and close, he got up to check and welcome his guests.
Jack had pulled on a pair of shorts, and quietly slipped out of the bedroom and made his way downstairs to greet Gemma and Felicity with a warm hug for each. He offered to make tea and let them relax a little and tell the tale of their journey. They'd had a technical problem with their aircraft which meant they were delayed taking off, which was then compounded by bad weather and an unplanned refuelling stop in New York. Thus they arrived very late in Orlando and it had taken nearly 2 hours to clear the aircraft, then customs and immigration.
"Poor Felicity was working standard class and they were not a happy bunch I can tell you. But that's the job sometimes, and because we worked an extended shift, we get an extra couple of days off here. Not travelling back until Tuesday now, so I hope we're okay to stay till then."
"Of course! You must be exhausted now, so you might have heard we've got some extra guests staying at the moment, so all the bedrooms are being used. The couch in the living room pulls out, but you're more than welcome to bunk up with Angela and I. Best to have a proper bed and a good night's rest."
So off to the master bedroom they all went. They found Angela naked on top of the covers lying face down with her head turned to the door. They quietly slipped out of their uniforms and hung them up properly, before each taking a few moments in the bathroom to remove makeup and join them in bed. Felicity spooned in beside Angela, who gave a semi conscious greeting and rolled over to face her and offered a gentle kiss, which was reciprocated.
Gemma was the last to come out of the bathroom and turned off the light, and tip toed to the bed. The bedside lamp ensured he could see her gorgeous naked form right up till she slipped under the sheet beside him, when the lights turned out. Of course seeing Gemma's sexy naked body had the expected effect on Jack's member, but as both women were obviously exhausted he didn't pursue the matter, instead nestling the swollen cock in between Gemma's bum cheeks which got an appreciative moan, and a promise to do something about that later.
A few hours later, Jack woke and saw the clock showing 6:30. Some time during the night he'd ended up facing Gemma, who was still very much out of it and needed more snooze time. His cock hadn't got the memo and was in its usual morning stiffness, so he quietly and discretely slipped out of bed and went to the bathroom and started a shower. Ten minutes under the warm water brought him around, and after towelling off in the bathroom, quietly got dressed for a day at the lab and went downstairs.
He found Fiona and Jane already downstairs, the crumpled towels evidence of a very early morning swim, and he bid them good morning with a kiss and a hug which were warmly returned. Jane was starting breakfast but Jack got them to sit at the counter and let him prepare it for them. They quietly chatted about their plans, which seemed to be mostly topping up tans and costume shopping. Jack served coffee, orange juice, toast and some pancakes with syrup which were eagerly accepted. Laura, Andi, Debbie and Georgia soon appeared and Jack was cooking up a storm, though very ably assisted by Georgia who eventually persuaded him to sit down, as it appeared she didn't like anyone else messing around in her kitchen! Their pick up was due at 8:30, but long before that Natalie and Julia had appeared, his lawyer once again the coiffed professional ready to support him.
Their transportation arrived bang on time and they were soon whisked away to the labs where Emily met them in the lobby and brought them up to a conference room where the rest of the project team and Scarlett were already waiting, and she started the session.
"Good morning everyone. I think it's fair to say we had an eventful, but very productive session in the test lab the other day. Jack, I want to thank you for participating in a rather unusual experiment, but without that it would not have been possible to get the data that we have acquired. Our thanks also to Christine and Sinead without whom nothing would have happened."
She paused briefly, then went on to show some slides with data that had been captured on the day, as well as some baseline data from the earlier lab sessions.
"What we now know is that when you are aroused Jack, you emit something in the range of four to six times the normal level of pheromones that a healthy male in his prime might expect to. What's interesting is that your body doesn't seem to show any debilitating effects, such as especially elevated pulse or respiration beyond what would be expected during intercourse, so your body is now adapted to this. It is your new normal. Thee has been comparatively little research done on human sex pheromones, and so it's an area ripe for much more pure science."
Jack nodded as he took all this in. There were a couple of questions from the people round the table, but Jack could sense they were circling round a core challenge. He tried to summarise it.
"So Scarlett we're hypothesising that something in the combined treatment has reacted with my body in a very specific way, which has caused changes to me. It's made me emit much higher levels of chemicals to attract a potential mate, it's somehow made my sense of smell very sensitive to female arousal so that I can be sure that I have reciprocated interest. We obviously know about the penis growth over a remarkably short period of time, so is it possible that on a biological level, my body has adapted to make me more likely to propagate my genetics? That something has triggered this series of changes in me, but not in others."
"That's actually a pretty good summation Jack. We think that the combination of the drug and gene therapy have indeed triggered a very specific response in you, but so far only you. As part of our licensing requirements we've had to note your condition to the authorities so that we can continue to test and develop the treatment as it was intended, that is for certain urological conditions. As for the broader interests, if we could identify which specific pheromone from you is triggering the response in females, we'd have something that the perfume industry would kill for. If we could understand how to trigger the penis growth then we'd have something truly transformational in the field of sexual dysfunction."
"I think that's understood Scarlett. Debbie was suggesting that you might want to consider some form of MRI scanning to give you some neurological data too."
Scarlett smiled at Debbie and said that was an excellent idea and they'd need to schedule time at another facility to do just that. For now they'd like to return to the hotel suite and do another couple of sessions to build up the base of data they'd collected. Jack nodded, and asked that they organise it through Christine again, and they'd confirm dates. They'd also have some comparative sessions of the 'put two horny students in a room' kind to collect normal level activity.
After an hour or so of further discussion, the session broke up for coffee. Jack quietly chatted to Natalie, indicating broad assent for further experimentation. He approached Scarlett after a few minutes.
"You seem a little bit happier today?"
"Well yes. We know more than we did before, we've got clear plans of action to further explore the physical science, plus some supercomputer DNA analysis running in the background. I think I've got enough to keep our Exec bought in to supporting more work, as the prizes are substantial."
"I'm pleased. I hope you'll find the time to properly recognise Debbie's contribution here. I know she looks like a prototypical bimbo, but she is remarkably intelligent.. You could do worse than have her work on other of your research activities once this is all over."
"Oh don't think I haven't noticed Jack. Laura has also been incredibly helpful in setting up our clinical labs and documenting those experiments. I have to be honest, I thought you were asking to bring them here as your fuck toys, I really did. I honestly didn't care at the time because we got you to participate, but damn if they're both not super smart and real assets to the project. Very easy on the eye too..."
They both laughed at that, and Jack felt very comfortable in her company and in the work they were doing.
"One last thing Scarlett. We're having a party at the villa on Saturday. Fancy dress required. Debbie and Laura would like to invite you and the rest of the team along, so is it okay if she does that when we reconvene? It might get a little wild..."
"This team needs to let their hair down, so that sounds wonderful. I know you'll have heard what happened in the monitoring room the other day, so let's give people a chance to get acquainted in a social setting."
The session reconvened and Debbie made the announcement which got an enthusiastic welcome. She announced that all costumes had to be approved by her to prevent embarrassing duplicates, but secretly Jack reckoned that she just wanted to make sure it was properly sexy. Jack whispered in Scarlett's ear with a couple of suggestions that had her giggle.
"My Jack, you are anaughtyboy. They're not bad suggestions though, but I was thinking of something couple themed for Maria & myself. Don't worry I will make sure that Debbie approves our choices."
The sessions finally broke up, and Jack was asked to permit the team to collect more samples. Blood was drawn and urine provided, but he was left alone with Emily as the others discretely left the room.
"One more sample required Jack and it requires to be observed I'm afraid."
He knew of course that they needed a semen sample, and had previously done that with Debbie or Laura only, however Emily was the only other person in the room. He was aware of course of the CCTV cameras which covered every corner, but was intrigued to finally be alone with the project leader.
"So Jack I know that previously you've been with your British friends when we've asked you to do this. I'm pretty sure that you've had lots of very hot moments with them to recall to get you properly turned on. Today I'd like to try something different. I want to tell you about the other day when you got us all so hot and so horny, that Scarlett and I ended up naked, sweaty and pleasured each other for a very long, satisfying time. Would you like to hear about that?"
Jack had already stripped down to his boxers, but something about Emily's tone and attitude had him very interested, and his cock started to respond accordingly.
"I'm pretty sure I could manage to provide the sample for you Emily, but if you want to tell me all about it, I'd be very happy to listen. Why don't you get comfortable first though?"
Emily was openly staring at his crotch, mesmerised by the awakening of Jack's cock masked only by the thin silk of his underwear. Almost absentmindedly she started to unbutton her blouse until it was parted all the way to the bottom, then casually unzipped her pleated mid thigh skirt and let it float to the ground. Absent any panties, her neatly trimmed pussy glistened in the bright lights of the room. She shrugged off the blouse till it joined the skirt on the floor, letting Jack see a pair of medium sized breasts topped by dusky pink nipples that were very erect.
She sat opposite Jack and proceeded to recall the tale of day when he'd met and fucked Christine then Sinead, whilst slowly pleasuring herself through a combination of fingering and nipple tweaking. Of course this was all a massive turn on, and he was stroking himself as he listened to a tale of lust and debauched pleasure. As the story progressed it was occasionally interrupted by moans and shuddering breaths as Emily became increasingly aroused as evidenced by more vigorous self pleasuring, to the point where the story ceased and Emily was solely focused on her impending orgasm.
Her body suddenly stiffened, then jerked as she came hard and loud, which had Jack urgently reaching for a sample jar just in time before he ejaculated and nearly filled it. Emily was lost in a fugue of post orgasmic bliss, her hands stroking her body as she gradually recovered her poise.
"I'm almost lost for words after that Jack. I've masturbated maybe a dozen times since Tuesday, all of which have been good, but that was on another level. Without doubt the best orgasm I'm ever had at my own hands, and better than most with someone else. No wonder we're spending a shit ton of money trying to find out how this happened to you."
"You're making me blush Emily, but I didn't do anything other than sit and watch a gorgeous women pleasure herself, so little wonder I got very turned on."
Emily's cheeks darkened slightly and she smiled, but said nothing. She pulled on her skirt and blouse then dealt with sealing and labelling the sample. Laura came into the room and collected it, but whispered into Emily's ear something that made them both giggle before turning to leave, tipping a very unsubtle wink to Jack as she left. Emily checked her phone as it buzzed, then raising an eyebrow turned to Jack.
"With any ordinary subject I wouldn't even ask, but how would you feel about a session at the hotel this afternoon? Christine has someone new for you to meet."
Jack grinned and nodded, while Emily's silently tapped on her phone, mouthing 'OMG'.
After grabbing a bite to eat at the facility, they went to the hotel to set up for the afternoon. Natalie sat beside him in the van, and they chatted aimlessly about the party and the forthcoming weekend. They soon arrived and after a brief chat he went into his suite while the team set up next door. He didn't have long to wait until he heard the doorbell to the suite ring, and whilst unexpectedly absurdly nervous he opened the door to see a very pretty tall slim brunette.
"Hi Jack, I'm Suzanne. My but they didn't tell me how handsome you were or I'd have come over early."
She giggled and Jack laughed too, by now resolved to accepting compliments as just something that happened to him, even if he found it all to be a little bit embarrassing still. He could already tell she was a little aroused and he wondered if Sinead and Christine had been sharing their experiences with her. They made polite chit chat for a couple of minutes before Suzanne got to the point.
"I appreciate this lovely polite conversation we have going here, truly I do. But we both know I'm a sure thing, so really the only question worth asking is do you want to fuck me or not?"
She stood up, unzipped her dress which she wriggled off her hips and stepped out of the puddle of cloth on the floor. Suzanne had an even all over golden tan, a recently waxed pussy and tiny pink nipples that looked so stiff they must be sore. She turned around, tottering on her heels as she did so, Jack admiring her firm toned body with a petitefleur de listattoo on one hip.
"Well it would be remarkably rude not to accept such a gracious offer from a very beautiful woman. I'm nothing if not polite."
That raised a coquettish giggle, and Jack stood and pulled her close to him as they kissed. His hands explored her body, sliding over her smooth skin, pausing only to gently squeeze her exquisite ass, which produced a moan. He manoeuvred her so her back was against the rear of one of the couches, then proceeded to kiss down her body, suck on her nipples as he passed until he was face to face with her glistening cunt. He kissed all over and around her lips, then licked slowly but deliberately until he penetrated with the tip of his tongue,
Suzanne was noisily appreciating his efforts, and he could feel the shudders of pleasure as he introduced a couple of fingers into her pussy while focussing on her clit, before switching around and rubbing her whilst resuming the tongue fucking. He settled into a deep curled two fingered thrusting whilst sucking and nibbling her clitoris which produced a noisy wet orgasm in very little time. She implored him to stop, so he kissed back up get body and held her as the pleasure rippled through her.
"Oh fuck Jack that was good! Is it weird that I enjoyed it even more because I know we have an appreciative audience next door?"
"To be honest I forget they're there. Too busy enjoying myself with you, but now you mention it, it is kind of hot knowing we have the group next door, watching and observing every moment."
"I'm very aroused by that idea. But I can see that you're turned on...how about getting naked and fucking me all over this suite? I do Pilates & hot yoga, which gives me a lot of flexibility."
Suzanne was unbuckling his trousers as Jack removed his shirt. His cock sprang loose as she yanked his boxers down, which she briefly held and stroked, before pivoting and leaning over the back of the couch, presenting her ass and pussy to him whilst parting her legs. It was an unspoken invitation which Jack gladly accepted, and he placed his cock at her entrance, but before he could do anything further she pressed back and pushed until he was buried to the hilt. Suzanne was gasping and uttering a string of expletives, but swiftly told him to fuck her good and hard which Jack did not need a second invitation to do. He thrusted enthusiastically back and forth, which was punctuated by the slapping of flesh against flesh and a series of staccato grunts and moans from them both. Without warning she lifted one leg up and laid it along the top of the couch, now giving Jack incredible access and a new angle of penetration. Suzanne noisily informed him he was doing it right, something that the sensations on his cock confirmed.
A few more minutes if this then she motioned him to pause, she turned around, her face a mask of pure lust.
"Do you trust me?"
He nodded and watched as she at back over the couch, then lifted first one legs then the other over his shoulders while he grasped her legs. She then leaned so that she was completely inverted in a handstand which her back against the rear cushions. He pressed against her wet pussy and slipped inside, and spent four or five minutes carefully but deeply fucking her in a very new sexual position for him. She then motioned him to pause and he slipped out. Suzanne gracefully flicked one leg then the other over her head until she was standing on the other side of the couch to him, her face flushed but grinning like crazy. She wiggled her finger in a 'come get me' gesture and he went to walk around the couch, but she moved in the opposite direction, giggling whilst telling him that he couldn't catch her.
They ran around the apartment for a couple of minutes, until eventually he had her cornered. She laughed, then ran and jumped onto him, her lags swiftly wrapped around his hips while her nipples pressed against his chest. She adjusted her position and used one hand to guide his cock back inside her, while Jack thrust her against the wall where they fucked energetically for a few more minutes.
Jack eventually had to take a break, unable to sustain the position for long. Suzanne guided him back to the couch and pushed him to a seated position, before she straddled his lap and slid him back inside.
"You've done very well Jack. Men half your age couldn't have done what you just did. But now you just need to lie back and let me ride you to a finish."
Suzanne did just that, in an enthusiastic 15 minute crescendo, which finished with a remarkably loud orgasm from her and him only a few moments apart. She leaned against him, her head just over his shoulder while her body gasped and shuddered, a combination of the orgasm and the athletic equivalent of having run a mini marathon. Eventually both had recovered sufficiently to talk.
"That was excellent. If I'm fucking someone adequately fit to keep up with me, they seldom have a decent sized cock and they're slipping out of me. The guys with big cocks usually can't keep up. They told me you're 53? Damn, you have the cock and sexual stamina of a young stud, but the experience and patience of a master lover. Fucking awesome combination."
"You're making me blush Suzanne, at least I would be if I wasn't still flushed from that round of the sexual olympics. There are things that we just did that I've never even thought about, never mind done, before today. You're an amazing woman."
"Oh Jack, you're so sweet. I think we could have so much fun exploring the art of the naked possible together...so much fun."
That made them both smile and take a long hug.
"Now I hear that you have amazing powers of recovery. We've got 45 minutes left...round two."
Almost an hour later Jack was waving goodbye to Suzanne as she went in the lift, once again a phone number of an amazing woman in his pocket. He was genuinely worn out and sexually sated in a way that he couldn't recall, but that being said he wasn't normally that physical with his sexual partners. He had very much enjoyed it though, and was going to discuss inviting her to the party with Angela when he returned to the villa.
He walked back to the monitoring room, and politely knocked the door. Emily opened the door to him, looking suitably disheveled and relaxed, but as he stepped into the room he was met with a round of applause from the lab staff and his friends. The room strongly smelled of sex, and whilst he could easily imagine a debauched scene amongst those present, he smiled and looked a little embarrassed at the attention.
"Jack you're such a stud!"
"Jack I do Pilates, will you fuck me like that?"
"I didn't even know some of those positions existed Jack, and I've studied the Kama Sutra!"
The comments were turning him a shade of pink, but thankfully Scarlett stepped in.
"Ladies, ladies please. I'm like you, I've never seen or experienced anything quite like what we just witnessed, but to be fair neither had Jack before today. We can all be thoroughly impressed with what just occurred, or we can get to work on analysing the data to see if it gives us anything materially different from our previous events. Let's focus!"
Jack nodded a silent thank you to Scarlett, who motioned for him to follow her out of the room, and with Natalie, Julia, Debbie and Laura in tow they went to Scarlett's suite. Jack could smell very elevated levels of arousal from all of the women, and even though he'd just had a sexual experience that he'd recall for a long time time to come, his cock was already responding. Julia shot him a look that burned with desire, but she whispered in Scarlett's ear, before taking Natalie by the hand and leading her into the bedroom before shutting the door. Soon they were serenaded by obvious sounds of pleasure and it didn't take any powers of deductive reasoning to know they were fucking each other.
Debbie and Laura sat on a couch opposite, and were doing their best to remain composed, but after a particularly loud expletive through the door, they succumbed and were busy kissing and hands exploring under clothes which were shortly discarded. He was soon hard, a combination of sexual sensory stimulation from next door and watching his friends frantically pleasure each other, while Scarlett swiftly shed her clothes and masturbated though her eyes never left his.
Jack stood up, ripped off his polo shirt and dropped his shorts. Everything in the room paused and watched as his cock practically leapt from his boxers, as firm and quiveringly erect as it had ever been.
"Oh my Jack, you are a big boy. Do I actually have to ask you to come over here and fuck me, or are you just going to take me? Or do I need to dress up for you? You like me as a coquettish cheerleader perhaps? Or sexy scientist?"
"On your knees facing the window. All three of you. Now!"
Jack's tone startled Laura, but like Scarlett and Debbie she did exactly as she was told. Jack walked behind them, delivering a firm slap to the ass of each woman which brought squeals and moans.
"I'm going to fuck all of you in turn. The two that I'm not ploughing are responsible for pleasuring the woman that I am. This will be sensory overload and I want it to be memorable."
The three women had turned their heads, and eagerly nodded, each pleading with their eyes to be first. In the end Jack stopped behind Scarlett and delivered four firm strokes to her ass so that it was glowing red. He knelt down, and slid into her pussy as she guided him in, moaning loudly her pleasure. Laura scrambled to sit in front of her, spreading her legs in a near splits, and grabbing Scarlett's gorgeous mane of hair down to guide her to Laura's waiting pussy. Debbie was on one side, her hands roaming Scarlett's body, playing with breasts, nipples, thighs and ass. Jack, meanwhile, was fucking her hard and fast.
Scarlett's moans were muffled but loud nonetheless, whilst Laura gave a noisy rap of sexual moans, groans and expletives as Scarlett eagerly and expertly ate her cunt. It was inevitable that orgasms followed in short suit, Scarlett, who screamed her pleasure which seemed to trigger Laura, who flailed for a few moments then lay flat on her back, her body shuddering every few seconds as the orgasm wrecked her.
Debbie picked up her cue, and turned eagerly to face Jack. He offered his cock which was slick with Scarlett's juices and Debbie licked and sucked it clean, all the while moaning about how good Scarlett tasted. Jack sat down, and motioned Debbie on top which made her grin, but swiftly sat astride his thighs before guiding him inside.
"Fuck it Jack, are you even harder and bigger than usual? Damn it feels so fucking good today . I promise you a ride you won't forget."
Debbie was good to her word, and to be fair there were fewer sexier things in the world than watching Debbie's tits bounce and slap as she urgently thrust up and down on Jack's cock. Laura and Scarlett had by now just about recovered enough to get back to their task. Scarlett smiled and quickly fingered herself for a few seconds, coating her middle finger with her pussy juices. She moved behind Debbie, and played around her anus for a few seconds before slipping it inside, before joining it with a second digit. Debbie was now being double penetrated and apart from the initial surprise, her only response to the American woman was to fuck her harder.
Laura stood over Jack facing towards Debbie, then squatted down, her dripping pussy inches away from his face before pulling and teasing Debbie's nipples, causing a squeal which then triggered an almighty orgasm, which had her whole body shaking with pleasure and was grasping Jack's cock very tightly. She collapsed forward then rolled off to the side so Laura just settled on Jack's face an started to eagerly sixty nine him, which Jack was very happy to do. A few short minutes of this had Laura cumming and squirting on Jack's faces before Debbie or Scarlett could do anything to help, but both were engaged in fingering their own appreciation of the show in front of them.
Jack however was still quiveringly erect, and after an unspoken moment, the three women surrounded his cock, and each placing a few fingers, started to slowly, and deliberately wank him off. This was accompanied by an occasional lick of the tip, and a chorus of exhortations to come for them. The stroking got faster and Jack felt the inevitable boiling in his balls, a few seconds before he roared and he spurted, the first couple launching more than a foot in the air and splashing back on to his stomach. His cock and torso were eagerly licked clean, as the foursome gradually cleared their heads and recovered. The women all exchanged lengthy hugs and kisses, before they were interrupted by a discreet clearing of the throat.
"I've seen some things in my time, but nothing that was ever even close to that. You want to tell me how you can satisfy three women at the same time Jack? That's got to be unique."
Jack sheepishly grinned and shrugged his shoulders at Julia, who was naked but being hugged by a beaming Natalie.
"Tea, anyone?"
Scarlett uttered the words before collapsing in laughter, which was immediately joined by everyone in the room, which verged on being hysterical. They eventually recovered and got dressed, and Scarlett did indeed order tea and coffee, and the group casually chatted waiting for it to arrive, though Scarlett wisely ramped up the air on to clear the air. It was Maria who brought the items in, and apart from a lengthy kiss and hug with Scarlett, she didn't bat an eyelid and served the beverages, happily chatting away to the group and expressing her excitement at coming to the party on Saturday.
Jack had a thought and spoke up.
"Scarlett we've had another successful session today, and I'm really pleased about that. I would like to take everyone, including the team downstairs out for a bite to eat tonight. I think it would be nice to celebrate and let everyone take a moment together. What did you think?"
"That's a lovely idea Jack, and I might just have the place in mind. How many are we talking about? I'd assume that you have your friends at the villa that you would wish to include? Also I can't in good conscience let you pay for it all, so how about we go Dutch, you and me?"
Jack paused briefly while doing the count in his head.
"Dinner for seventeen?"
Back at the villa, Jack returned to find a number of the housemates out shopping, but Angela was poolside with Gemma and Felicity. When he arrived they were out relaxin by the pool, but you didn't need Jack's senses to tell they spent the morning pleasuring each other. He kissed Angela and politely enquired after her morning, and chatted to his friends, checking to make sure they had slept well.
"So I've offered to take the lab team out for dinner with Scarlett, but I'd really like everyone to come. Nothing fancy, but a chance to enjoy a nice meal and our company?"
"Sounds lovely darling, but we will need to take Gemma and Felicity shopping. Their luggage is in San Francisco and won't be here till tomorrow. Or didn't you notice they'd only arrived with their little trolley cases?"
Jack suddenly realised the truth of the situation, and whilst the women were fine lying naked by the pool, they had little more than some clean underwear and a clean tee shirt with them.
"I think we're going to the mall ladies, so why don't you jump inside and get ready to go out. Guarantee that we can get you some shorts and tee shirts to go out in, but we can't have you wandering around naked. Not all the time."
Jack winked and his remark raised a little chuckle from the trio, who quickly went inside and met Debbie and Laura on their way out to the pool, but on hearing that there was a shopping trip in works, immediately turned tail and took the cabin crew duo upstairs to get dressed. Fifteen minutes later after some quick showers, Jack had summoned a people carrier to run them to the mall as they wouldn't have all fitted into the jeep. They'd left Natalie and Julia at the villa who proclaimed a need for an afternoon nap, and would get the remaining housemates ready for their evening out.
They arrived at the mall and Gemma and Felicity were huddled together discussing the logistics and pay dates when Angela politely interrupted.
"Ladies, this treat is on me. The biggest problem I've had since I've been in Florida is putting my hand in my own purse, as darling Jack loves to treat me. Today I get to have fun with two lovely friends who are a couple of thousand miles away from clean underwear, so I will be quite insulted if you don't allow me to look after you."
Jack grinned, and after a a brief if slightly embarrassed conversation, Angela took the pair by the hand and headed off to Victoria's Secret. Debbie and Laura made their excuses and headed off into a large department store which was proclaiming a sale, so Jack was abandoned and left to his own devices, which inevitably found him at a coffee store, finding Wi-Fi and amusing himself while indulging in a bit of people watching.
His relaxation was vividly interrupted by a pair of hands placed over his eyes, and a gently lilting Irish accent.
"Guess who!"
It was of course Sinead, who was at the mall with a young looking blonde girl who politely introduced herself as Kimberley.
"We've been shopping for a prom dress for Kimmie here. Tough going, but we've got it narrowed down to seven or eight choices,"
"Oh Aunt Sin, you're terrible. It's no more than five."
Sinead explained that Kimberley was a cousin on her Mother's side's daughter, which technically made them some sort of second or third cousin, but as she was a little bit older, the young woman had always regarded her as her Aunt.
Jack organised more coffee, and they sat and chatted away. Kimberley was (obviously) graduating high school and had offers to go to a couple of colleges and was just finalising her decision. At that point they were joined by Angela, Gemma and Felicity, who arrived carrying a selection of bags with the fruits of their shopping to date. Jack and Sinead did introductions, and Kimberley was entranced with the cabin crew duo. It transpired that she was fascinated with aeroplanes, but instead of having aspirations as a flight attendant, she was going to be an engineer.
"I've always loved building and tinkering with things. I've restored my little Chevy myself, and Mom tells me she wouldn't know what she would do without me to keep things fixed around the house."
Sinead discretely let Jack know that her father had passed away when Kimberley was thirteen, and her Mom had raised her and her twin sisters herself.
Gemma seems genuinely taken with Kimberley's enthusiasm and warm personality.
"You know Kimmie, we work this route pretty regularly, and we have quite a big operation in Orlando. I don't know what your plans are for the summer, but I can ask to see if they have any internships going with our flight operations people. They're hugely enthusiastic about getting more women into engineering, and we've all been asked to watch out for talent who might be interested. Is that you?"
"Oh...oh...oh my gosh that would be totally amazing! I even think I have an application with them for this summer, but...really, you think you could help with that?"
Gemma smiled and assured her she would do all she could to help. Kimberley practically dissolved into tears, Gemma stood up and hugged her, whilst tipping Jack a wink that let him know it was a done deal. Sinead was beaming this whole time, obviously hugely proud of her 'niece' and she mouthed a silent thank you to Gemma. Gemma stepped away and made a couple of calls and fifteen minutes later returned.
"Interview at Orlando International tomorrow at 4pm."
"Oh my lord that is incredible! Gemma, how...how do I ever thank you?"
"You start by slaying it at that interview tomorrow, then go be brilliant at whatever they ask you to do. We need more women in our industry, and I'll do whatever I can help to make that happen."
Sinead was discretely dabbing a tear away from the corner of her eyes, while Gemma and Kimberley were chatting away. She leaned in close to Jack.
"I can't even begin to thank you for that, yet one of your friends just goes and does that without even being asked?"
"Gemma's pretty special. So if I'm reading between the lines correctly Kimberley's family aren't that well off?"
Sinead nodded, and explained that she did what she could to help out, but with her long illness she could only do so much.
"So interview clothes for this young lady? I know full well they will look beyond her appearance but I want her to feel brilliant when she goes for the interview and bowl them over. Will you allow me to help a little?"
"Oh Jack you've already does so much, I couldn't possibly ask you to do anything. You only met her half an hour ago, and you barely know me."
"One of the nice things I am able to do from time to time is be able to use my good fortune and help people along. This isn't charity or pity, this is investing in a brilliant young woman's career. So indulge me, go take her shopping and use this."
Jack handed over a pre paid card, and after a quick word with Gemma, the three of them departed, leaving Jack with Angela, Felicity and his nurse friends. They chatted for a while, with all three excitedly showing off their purchases. Jack showed a decent amount of interest, but was tapping away on his phone. Eventually Angela enquired.
"Okay so I know we're only just official, but if that's another woman you're messaging I'll be a little bit upset."
Jack smiled warmly, and squeezed her hand.
"It's Natalie. I wanted to see what would be involved if I wanted to do something further for Kimberley, like a scholarship of some kind."
"Sinead told you she was on a full academic scholarship -- all of her tuition is taken care of."
"I know, but her Mum is raised her and her sisters in her own. Money has to be tight, and maybe something extra might mean she doesn't have to try holding down two jobs while she studies."
Angela smiled.
"You've known the girl an hour, and already you're trying to help her."
"Sinead had a horrendous year health wise, but she still tried to pitch in and help. I feel incredibly lucky, and now I can help a little every so often and make life easier for people."
"Like Juliet's divorce and boob job?"
Angela smiled so he knew she was teasing him.
"You're the therapist. I know how much we all invest in our self image. What if every time you looked in the mirror all you could see was the thing that you thought ended your marriage? Incidentally, Ashleigh spoke to me and told me a lot more about it. I think her husband is officially a dick with what he's done, and I'm sure we only heard a fraction of it, but I can't say that to Juliet. I can make sure that she is able to put some things behind her. And god bless Natalie, fixing her up with a top dollar attorney and making sure she gets properly looked after. All I have to do is move a little cash around, and the world is a little bit better."
Before the conversation went too much further, the trio of shoppers had returned with a handful of bags and were chatting excitedly amongst themselves. Sinead sat down beside him, exchanged a meaningful look with Angela before giving Jack the tiniest peck on the cheek, which meant so much more. She went to discretely hand the card back to Jack.
"No. Make sure she has everything she needs for prom. Any nearer to deciding what dress she wants."
"Well there's the dress she wants and the dress she can afford..."
Jack smiled, tapped his phone for a moment, and then turned to Sinead.
"You tell her it's your treat. I can see that she adores you, and you're doing everything you can to be there for her too. She doesn't need to know about me at all, let's keep it simple and enjoy making her happy."
Sinead was struggling to hold back the tears at this point. Angela recognised it and stood up and took her away for a couple of minutes and chatted to her. Kimberley was attuned to everything, and looked incredibly concerned and threw Jack a look that would have stopped a charging rhino dead in its tracks. Sinead saw the brief exchange and motioned her over, and Angela left them to talk.
When they returned to the group Sinead looked composed and Kimberley looked shocked.
She sat between Jack and Sinead.
"I may be young, I may even be naïve but I'm not stupid. Mr Spencer, why are you doing this? What is it you expect from me in return? You only met Aunty Sin a few days ago and now you're doing this?"
"What do I want? I want to see a brilliant young woman succeed. While you were shopping I did a little research. You're on a full scholarship to the best engineering school in the state, and just missed out on being valedictorian. You help the local homeless shelter, in part I suspect because they might have had to help you at one time. You have your whole life ahead of you, and all I'm trying to do is remove a couple of bumps in the road for you. Now I know very little about American culture, but I know enough that Prom is a big deal, and I know that Sinead would do anything in her power to help you, but she's had enough to deal with in her own life. So I want to help."
Kimberley's eyes never Jack's the whole time, while Sinead beamed with pride beside her.
"Okay, I think you're genuine. Not sure I totally understand it, but you're not bullshitting me."
"No I promise that is absolutely not what I'm doing. A couple of months ago I had very little quality of life. I had a horrible health condition, and then I was fortunate enough to get selected for an experimental treatment. It's completely resolved the health problem, but also produced some unexpected side effects that have that mean I'm here helping the pharmaceutical company understand what happened. They're paying me to be here Kimberley, and I've been so lucky to meet so many amazing people, and that absolutely includes Sinead here. What's important to her is important to me, and that clearly includes you."
Kimberley sat and stared off into the distance for a few moments.
"I'm sort of stunned. In my life no one has ever cared this much about me or my family other than Aunty Sin and her friend Christine."
"You can add everyone sat round this table to that list. So here's what you're going to do. You will let Sinead go and buy you the prom dress that you really want. And the shoes, the bag, the corsage...I don't know whatever it is that you need. I will arrange for a limo to pick up and bring you home as my personal gift for graduating, which is next Friday I think?"
She nodded, now smiling and holding Sinead's hand.
"But first things first. You have something you're happy to wear to your interview tomorrow? Good, then Gemma would like to see you beforehand to make sure you're all prepped, and we'll organise transport for you. Now go get that dress, and I promise you we will see you soon."
Jack received a warm and genuine hug from the young woman, while the group looked on, aware that they'd seen an important moment in that young woman's life change right in front of their eyes. Sinead and Kimberley departed and they made to leave themselves, the small matter of dinner still to be taken care of.
A taxi ride back to the villa, and messages furiously exchanged and they had the venue and time nailed down. Gemma and Felicity were showing off their dresses and hugging Angela until she couldn't breathe, as their cases would not arrive until Saturday now. Angela had made noises about not going, but Scarlett in a phone call would not hear of it and insisted she come along to their project celebration. So when two large taxis pulled up outside the villa, Jack and ten women piled into them and headed off to the restaurant.
Scarlett had picked a lovely steakhouse which had a large private room, so they could indeed all sit around one rather long table. Jack ordered champagne for their arrival, and the group were mingling happily and chattering away. They were seated and tucked into their meals, with the conversation level barely diminishing throughout. He loved that he lab team were sprinkled around the table, but also that the quartet from Ohio seemed at ease and enjoying themselves too. After desert Scarlett tapped her glass and got their attention.
"Ladies and gentleman. I want firstly to thank Jack for the idea for this evening's celebration of the work that we've done to date. I can honestly say I've never been involved in a project quite like this one, and may never see one like it again. But there is only one Mr Spencer, and or one reason or another, we're all here because of him, and for that we can be truly grateful."
That raised cheers and Jack was about ready to combust with embarrassment.
"So please enjoy yourself, but keep a little in reserve for the wonderful party on Saturday. I know Debbie has sworn you all to secrecy with your costume choices, and I can honestly say I'm looking forward to seeing what you're going to be wearing. Just don't make too many plans for a Sunday morning..."
That brought loud laughter from the table and Scarlett sat down. Jack stood and the room quieted down to a whisper.
"Thank you Scarlett. I'm so pleased to see everyone here tonight, it's been wonderful. I can honestly say that a month ago I could not have dreamt of any of this, nor how it might change my life. But if it hadn't I would not have met so many wonderful people, most of whom, are sat round this table tonight. My life is infinitely better for knowing you, and for that I will always be grateful. So I hope to see everyone on Saturday, and all I can ask is that you have fun."
That brought warm applause from the group, and he took a moment while Angela held his hand to feel especially blessed. After the meal they were enjoying drinks in the main bar in the restaurant, when Emily came to speak to him.
"So Jack, am I right in thinking that you intimately know every one of the women that came with you tonight?"
He nodded and smiled, then leaned conspiratorially to her ear.
"Yes. And others, but I have to say I hope that Angela and I get some quality time with you. She's very interested in getting to know you better."
Angela smiled, correctly guessing the conversation between the beautiful and bright young woman in front of them. Emily blushed briefly, but smiled too, before wandering off. Angela whispered into his ear.
"She is so fucked on Saturday."
Jack chuckled, but nodded anyway. Scarlett came to speak to them just before she left.
"This was a terrific idea Jack. But I have to say that I'm looking forward to Saturday even more."
They said their goodbyes, and before long they were headed out to the taxis, but Jack did notice phone numbers being exchanged freely around the group. As they were sitting in the taxi on the journey home, his phone pinged with a notification that he was invited to a group chat, which seemed to consist of everyone who had been at the meal, plus, Andi, Fiona, Sinead, Christine, Suzanne and Audrey, plus a couple of numbers that he didn't recognise. The initial message was a stern reminder that no one was to share their costume choices before Saturday, but that if they wanted to change at the villa there would be a room that hey could do that in. A series of acknowledgments and emojis swiftly followed, with his phone buzzing almost constantly until they got home.
Once inside, it appeared that everyone was about done for the night, though he saw Andi and Fiona sitting in the lounge, Andi in her delivery uniform and Fiona in a lifeguard tee shirt and shorts set. He apologised that they were not able to join them, but both assured him that work meant they had to be elsewhere. Jack promised to make it up to them another time, but after an eventful day and a lovely evening he was exhausted, so excusing himself he headed up to his room where Angela had undressed and was casually removing her make up in the bathroom. After a few minutes of casual chatter, she slipped into bed beside him, and they soon fell asleep.