Royle hid Adeline in a spot where she would not be spotted by anyone, waiting until he was off his shift before coming to fetch her and lead her home. It was just as well that Adeline had run away the moment she had sensed things weren't optimistic with the king. News broke out two hours later that the king had passed, and that Prince Andrew was now their new king. The death of the king, though he was rumored to have been ill for a while now, had surprised everyone. Some said he was found in a disgraceful manner, and the previous rumors resurfaced, reminding everyone he was said to have concealed a woman in his rooms.
Royle found it all hilarious. He wore a stupid grin on his face when he recounted the gossip to Adeline once they were safely out of the palace, but Adeline found his levity on the news of his king's death a distressing sign of his character. Although she had little fondness towards the king, she didn't find anything amusing about someone she knew had passed. Furthermore, didn't Royle swear to serve his regent since he worked at the palace?
"Do you know what they're saying? They say the king was found naked in his rooms, and that his cock was still erect when he was discovered by his servants. They even said there was still woman's juices dripping on his cock, that she fled and left the king to die from pent-up lust." Royle put his arm around Adeline's shoulders and groped her breast. "Is that true, little one? Did you fuck the king to his death?" His hands got bolder when Adeline didn't protest his molestation. Any other woman wouldn't have allowed such blatant fondling while they walked down a street. He leaned closer and whispered into her ear. "Do you think the king will haunt us now? Will he seek you out at night and fuck you with his ghostly cock?"
Adeline finally gathered up the courage to push him away. Not that Royle budged at all. It felt like a playful nudge to a man who was used to physical activity daily.
"Stop, please." She found what he said distasteful. She didn't know what 'ghost' or 'haunt' was but understood it was some form of life after death for humans. There was no such concept as an afterlife for the merpeople. When they died, their bodies simply vanished into bubbles and seafoam, reuniting with the sea which had provided them with life.
"What?" Royle asked, walking after her, "You don't think it's funny?"
Adeline cast him a glare and continued walking down the street. It was late and the sun had long set. A few torches were lit up along the road, but far from enough to dispel the shadows the buildings cast on the road. People mostly went home early, with only a few men ambling. Young women, especially as beautiful as her, did not stay out late -- not unless she was working, and not the respectable kind. Royle's antics were attracting a lot of attention from the occasional male who walked past. She found their looks changed slightly when they saw the way Royle was fondling her and overheard the bawdy jokes he made. Their gaze became more appraising as they scrutinized her body, paying particular attention to her face, breasts, and her skirt.
Instead of listening to the drivel of the man beside her and the proprietorial way he slung his arm around her, she turned to the scenery around her. She had never walked on human-dwelt land before. The world outside the palace was as different as it could be in comparison to the expensive opulence of the palace had been. The pathways were not well maintained but cracked in many places with small tufts of grass growing out of them. The buildings were more varied than the similarly styled architecture of the palace.
It was quiet now, but she had caught a glimpse of the busy port when she was brought off the ship, knew it could be lively and loud in the day. It was disappointing it wasn't so now, but she consoled herself with the fact that she could be witnessing that scene in the morning, now that she wasn't confined within the palace. Just imagine! She could be walking with the other humans in a human city! Like any other human!
Royle saw the excitement and wonder in her eyes as she took in the sights around them. Something sour and bitter rose in him. He wanted her attention, all of it. He glanced over at the lone male walking on the other side of the street and a wicked plan rose in his mind. He dragged her to the side of a stone building when the other male turned his head towards them. Then, in full view of the stranger, Royle pushed her skirts up so that her legs were bared. It took her a while to react to the suddenness of his sexual assault, but by then, he had already brought his cock out. Ignoring her silent struggles and pounding of her fists on his chest, he drove his entire cock into her sweet pussy.
Adeline gritted her teeth at the familiar sensation of a hard cock sliding into her and being fucked. She didn't want it now, not when she had guessed from the odd looks of people walking by them that it didn't constitute appropriate behavior for humans. Yet he didn't care, didn't mind if the others looked at her askance, so long as his own need was satisfied. Adeline didn't want it. She wanted to fit in with the other humans, not stand out again.
"Don't pout, sex slave. Your pussy is still clenched around my cock like a glove. You like being treated like this, don't you?" Royle asked as he pounded into her. When Adeline shook her head, he lifted up one of her thighs, forcing her legs to part most inelegantly. Her pussy tightened down around him as she clutched onto him for balance. He groaned. "That feels good. Squeeze down on my cock, woman."
She shook her head, refusing to cooperate. Her nails dug into Royle's forearms through the linen shirt he wore.
He hissed in pain, then laughed. "I wouldn't have guessed it when I first saw you, but you're one little firecracker." He thrust his cock hard into her soft depths and leaned in close to her. "The more you fight, the more show you're putting up for the guy who's watching us."
She stilled in his arms. Her eyes roved the street and found a dark figure around the corner not far from them. The man noticed he had been seen, and even raised his hand in greeting. Adeline jumped, panicked. She began pushing at Royle, trying to get him off. Her pussy squeezed down to dispel him, but it only had the opposite effect on him. He swelled even more inside her.
"You saw him? He has his eye on us right from the start. Some people enjoy watching others have sex, you know. And some people enjoy having sex in front of others. It's why they hold those sex parties in the palace every month. I heard you went to one of them with the prince. Which one do you think you are?" Royle's cock pummeled her soft depths, discovering that her pussy had been putting out a lot of juices since she discovered they had been seen. "You little whore. Your pussy is sweet on my cock right now. Shall I call him over? Invite him for a closer look?"
Royle grunted when Adeline tensed, her pussy tightening around his cock again. Her delightful pussy almost made him come before he intended. It would have been embarrassing. Royle was the sort of male who prided himself on his virility and sexual prowess. He wanted to make her climax first to prove that he could make her lose her mind with his cock.
Adeline had seen others have sex before at the palace. The prince and she had even indulged in it themselves. Yet, somehow, the same act performed in a different place with a different man was different. With the prince, it felt like a luxurious sin. Like lying naked on soft feathery beds and covered with the densest softest fur. Like rich wine and sweet fruits, and the loveliest of music in your ears.
Right now, there was no music and no wine. Royle had pushed her up against a building in the street and took her. Just like that. It was carnal and visceral. It was dirty and dingy. They were in public, and anyone could have seen them. Indeed, Royle had only done this because of that other man spying on them. He did it for the titillation, for her humiliation. She wanted to close her eyes so that she couldn't see the other man, but Royle told her to keep them open. Being able to see the stranger while she was being fucked by Royle felt as though she was taken by two men at the same time, even though the other man merely watched from around the corner, appearing more like a shadowed apparition.
And it aroused her. Inexplicably, undeniably. It turned her on to be watched as she was raped by Royle on a public street. As she angled her head slightly so she could look over Royle's broad shoulders, she noticed their voyeur had removed his cock from his pants and was masturbating to the sight of them fucking. Her heart raced faster and a pink blush took over her whole face. If anyone had told her she would one day enjoy being raped while the only witness to the sexual assault was pleasuring himself to the sight, she would have said it was ludicrous. But it was happening right now. She even wished Royle would go further, pull down her dress and expose her breasts once more. Adeline wasn't simply being raped by Royle, but also by the voyeur, and his presence spurred Royle on.
"Do you like this? Is this what you secretly crave? To be fucked in public like a common streetwalker?" Royle asked, his cock pummeling quickly in and out of her, using her like the whore he called her. His eyes searched her face, noted the sensual flush on her face, and saw how aroused she was. A dozen ideas flashed through his mind. There were so many ways he could use her for, things he could teach her and show her, train her into a real whore. He bent his head and licked the shell of her ear before biting down hard on her fleshy earlobe. She jerked in his arms, crying out as she orgasmed, her pussy milking his cock. Royle climaxed in a rush too, pouring his seed into her pussy.
They panted, leaning close together as they recovered from the force of their mutual orgasm. He wasn't done with her. Not by a long way. It had been some time since he met someone who suit his sexual appetite entirely. He intended to have a lot of fun with her.
"You're not finished." He set her leg down and fix himself up. "Shall we go and speak to him? Maybe he wants some help too." He suggested while she smoothed her skirts.
Adeline shook her head vigorously. It was different to be watched from a distance and another to invite him to join them. She refused to follow Royle when he beckoned. Royle grabbed her by her wrist and pulled her along anyway. The stranger was about to leave when Royle and Adeline were done but now stopped, having seen them come over.
"Don't play modest. You know you'll enjoy it anyway." Royle didn't care for her pleading looks and silent protests and dragged her around the corner.
"Good night to be out, don't you think? We noticed you've been watching us."
The stranger was not as old as the king, but neither was he young like Royle and the prince. He was a simple laborer who had decided to clear his head near the port. Little did he know he would be exposed to such a lewd sight on his way back. He had quickly put away his cock when they approached, and had been close to orgasm before he was interrupted. His cock felt like bursting, even though he was worried about being confronted. Even though he had muscles from his physically taxing job, Royle looked like someone who was good with his fists.
"If you didn't want to be watched, then you shouldn't be fucking in the streets," the stranger pointed out defensively.
"No. No. You got us wrong. We enjoy you watching, didn't we?" Royle pinched Adeline in her ass when she refused to answer and got a rigid nod. "See, she likes it. Actually, we came to ask if you'd like some help relieving yourself. Since you were so kind to help us just now and all."
The stranger could scarcely believe his ears. He turned to the woman, who simply stood there silently. It was obvious whose idea it was, that the woman didn't want to do this but somehow had to go along with the man. He had seen her struggling when she was being fucked just now, but he didn't step in because he was taught not to intervene in the problems of others. And now he was rewarded.
"You'll help me?" he asked the girl.
"She will," Royle said definitively.
Adeline glanced up at Royle. She didn't want to do this but Royle seemed clear they weren't leaving until she had made the other man come. And Royle was the one who would provide her with a place to stay and live until she could find something better.
She nodded, albeit reluctantly.
It was difficult to contain the excitement which occurred upon such a fortuitous turn of events. The stranger rubbed his hands together with glee. "Go on then. I want to see your freshly fucked pussy. Lift up your skirts."
A look at Royle and he shrugged. The eager gleam in his eyes almost devoured her alive. He wanted her to do this, to obey a complete stranger in the most intimate of ways. "You heard what he said. Obey him."
She pulled her skirts slowly up her waist and like the opening of the curtain on a stage, revealing her calves, her knees, her thighs, and then her pussy. The stranger stood before her was given the best seat in the house, able to see the golden curls at the vee of her legs which hid her sacred place from view.
"Don't be inconsiderate, woman. He couldn't possibly see anything like this." Royle walked over and deftly untied the cloth that made up her skirts, leaving her lower body bare. "Now, spread your legs. Wider. More. Yes. Reach down and spread yourself wide open so he can see just where I've been fucking you."
Adeline's hands were shaking as they snaked down her body. It was utterly humiliating to be made to expose herself before a stranger, a man she had never laid eyes on before today. She pulled her lips open, knowing that he would be able to see her most private place. Maybe Royle would even let him fuck her. At the thought, her pussy tingled and spasmed.
The stranger wore a large grin when she did as she was told. It was even better than he expected. The other man appeared intent on humiliating her, and he was totally fine with being used as a means of degrading her, as long as he got to be close to her. He had never met anyone as beautiful as she was. He had grown up in a small village near the capital and life was monotonous there. He came to the capital to try his luck, leaving his dowdy wife and a son behind. So far, he hadn't achieved anything other than ogle discreetly at rich ladies' ankles when they alighted from their carriages. He didn't want to admit that he was far worse than he would have been if he had remained at home. At least his wife would have waited on him, as befitting of her station.
Tonight was his lucky night. He bent down to get a better look and ended up kneeling on the stone path, his head angled up and staring right at the treasure which was between all women's thighs. The pussy before him was the prettiest he had ever seen. Perhaps the pussies of village girls were different from the pussies of city ladies. He leaned in closer, and was able to catch a peek of the hole where she had been fucked just now. His cock grew engorged in his pants. This close to her, he could smell the scent of freshly fucked pussy -- warm feminine juices mixed with the musk of semen. He saw how clean and pale her fingers were, how smooth her hand was. His wife's hands weren't soft like that anymore after helping out on the farm for years.
"Wider, open yourself wider," he commanded her.
This time, she obeyed without the earlier hesitation. She shuffled her legs further apart and spread her labia out. He saw her small clit nestled amongst blonde hairs. A drop of semen dribbled out of her and landed on the ground between her legs. It was so hot that he reached out and touch her between her legs. She jerked and tried to move away but the other man moved forward, using her skirt to tie her hands behind her back. Then he held her where she was, and nodded at him.
"Go on. You know you want to touch her. I'll make sure she stays still." He whispered something in her ear and went on, "It's easy to make her come. Do it. She wants an orgasm from you, doesn't she?"
He didn't look at the woman this time, because he knew the woman would listen no matter what. He moved a finger across the open slit of her pussy, and pushed them between her puffy labia. She whined, her legs shaking but obediently kept them apart. Despite her reluctance, it didn't take her long to get wet. Her pussy produced a copious amount of juices, allowing him to rub them all over her sex and get the flesh slick. She must have liked being treated like this, he thought. He couldn't think of anyone he knew who got off on this. She was a slut, which was why the other man was treating her like this. She enjoyed this. And he wanted to make her come.
When his thumb touched her clit, her hips jerked towards him, as though demanding more. He teased it, poked at it, pulled it, and rubbed it, enjoying the little reactions he got from her. It was like a new toy, and he could use it to control her. The more he touched it, the louder her moans became. She obviously wasn't trying to hide her pleasure, perhaps having given up on all show of modesty. The other man was squeezing her breasts through her blouse. Her cries grew more emphatic.
The pleasure coursing through her body from between her legs and her breasts kept all proper thoughts from her mind. She felt as though she could simply melt into the ground if Royle wasn't holding her up. The stranger's hand was rough and callused, and each time he touched her clit, it would hurt a little, but at the same time, the friction felt deliciously good. Then he moved the finger against her entrance and pushed it in and she let out another moan.
"You're one horny slut, aren't you? Can anyone come up to you and touch you like this?" He drove his finger hard into her and began jamming it in and out. "Do you let anyone see your pussy and use you? Are you a whore?"
His shameful words drove her to a fevered pitch. Royle leaned in and whispered into her ear, "Don't ignore the man. Shouldn't you agree with him? Show him. Show him you're a whore like he says and you like being touched by strangers. Come, slut, orgasm for him like the whore you are."
Adeline let out a loud wail and orgasmed. Her body twitched in Royle's arms, her pussy clasping tightly around the stranger's finger. She was leaning against Royle and breathing heavily. She couldn't believe a random stranger had just made her come, and Royle had encouraged the behavior.
The stranger got to his feet and looked at Royle. "Can I fuck her?"
Adeline looked anxiously at Royle. It made him want to agree, but not tonight. He shook his head. "No, but she can suck you off, can't she? You should reciprocate his kindness, slut. Don't be ungrateful."
The stranger wasn't pleased but pulled out his cock anyway. He shouldn't look a horse's gift in its mouth. The woman got down to her knees this time, opening her mouth to swallow his cock. He was already ready to shoot after playing with her beautiful pussy and making a city lady come with his lower-class peasant hands. He grabbed her hair, and discovered it was just as soft and silky.
He pushed the rest of his cock into her mouth with one hard thrust. "Your mouth feels so good." He fucked her like he would have fucked her with his cock. Roughly, using her simply to get his rocks off. "I'm going to come. Don't spit it out. Swallow it." His movements quickened, jerking her hair and hurting her scalp. Then he pushed himself deep into her throat and began shooting hot seed into her. Adeline had to swallow or risk choking on his semen. It felt so degrading yet so wonton to have two men's semen inside her.
"She's good, isn't she?" Royle commented when the older man finally let her go.
"Yes. I still want to fuck her though." If her mouth felt so good, her pussy would have felt even better.
"Sorry. Not tonight."
Royle untied her hands and handed her the wrap so she could get dressed again. They left the stranger staring after them and continued walking to Royle's house.
His house was remarkably normal, like all the other houses on that street. The outside was dark roofed and red-bricked and the inside all white-washed walls. There wasn't much furniture inside, and it only had two rooms, a kitchen, and a small bathroom. But compared to the caves which Adeline had lived in all her life, this was brand new.
Royle sprawled out on a chair and watched as she took in her new surroundings. He hadn't expected to meet her again, and it was plain that lady luck was smiling down on him. He thought about what the stranger had said about fucking her. Much as he would like to parcel her out to stand on the street, she possessed too unique a face that would have caused the other to remember her. And sooner than later, word would spread to the palace about her. She might be taken away from him, and he would be punished for stealing a prince's slave. That was a capital offence.
He noticed that she was looking at a yellow scarf by the window. "That belongs to my brother's wife. The three of us live here. He's a fisherman. Not one of those big ships you were brought in on. He only has a small boat and works alone just off the shore."
Adeline had first thought she wasn't the first woman he brought home with him when she saw the scarf. She didn't quite understand jealousy and possessiveness, because long-term relationships didn't occur in the merpeople who scoured the land for humans to copulate with before returning to the sea with the fruits of their labor. Not that she was less nervous now. Adeline knew all about territory. The others might not welcome her.
Royle couldn't sense her anxiety, or would he have cared? "You'd like her, my brother's wife. Both of you are alike. She's insatiable in bed too. You'll know soon enough." He gestured for her to come over and patted his thigh. She came over and perched herself carefully on his lap. "You know, I've given you a place to live. How do you show your appreciation?"
How? Adeline's eyes went over to the crotch of his pants, remembering she had implicitly agreed to provide sex in exchange for a place to stay.
He caught her look and snickered. "No. Not that, not right now, anyway. Is that all you think about?" He didn't wait for her reply and instead got to his feet. He led her to an unfamiliar room. "Go on, make some food. I'm starving."
Food? Adeline glanced at the room and shook her head. She didn't know how anything works inside. She didn't know how to make fruits or bread.
"What do you mean? You don't know how to cook? You really are good for nothing but for lying on your back and taking cocks into your pussy, aren't you?" He pushed her to one side brashly and walked in, opening the cupboards. There was just one loaf of bread and it was stale. Royle slammed the cupboards shut and stalked off in frustration. He'd have to wait for his brother and his wife to return to be fed.
Royle didn't ask if she was hungry. He only thought of his own needs. Besides, he was the one doing all the physical work satisfying her today.
It never occurred to him to cook for himself. Royle was brought up by his older brother, Doyle, after their father died. Their mother had passed giving birth to Royle at the age of fifty; none of them had expected to be pregnant with a second child at all. Doyle was older than Royle by over twenty years old, and there were many who thought Doyle was actually his father. Either way, Doyle indulged in his young brother, which accounted for Royle's personality.
As for Doyle's wife, the woman listened to Doyle in everything. Come to think of it, his brother had found his woman in the sea more than two decades ago. Just like Adeline. In that time, his woman hadn't changed one bit. Age seemed to leave no mark on her. The only thing missing from their life was a child. Royle knew his brother wanted a child desperately but his wife was infertile. Royle always thought his brother could simply adopt an orphan, or father another child with another woman. A fertile one this time.
Royle eyed her critically. She seemed fertile and she definitely liked to be fucked. She probably wouldn't have any qualms about being fucked by his brother, if he wanted, until she became with child. Or he could also invite a few friends over -- only those who could be trusted to keep their discretion -- and fill that belly with the semen of many until it grew round with child. That'd be a good use of her slutty pussy then.
The main door opened then. Both Royle and Adeline turned. Doyle had returned with his wife. The duo froze at the entrance when they saw Adeline.
"Who's this, Royle?"
Royle still had his mind on food but was also smart enough to know that he could simply tell his brother that he had brought the prince's sex slave home. "Some random woman I rescued. She's mute. I don't know her name. Just call her whatever you want."
Doyle frowned but quickly accepted Royle's word. Not that he didn't know his younger brother had a weakness for pretty ladies, but he never would have thought he was brave enough -- or dumb enough -- to steal from the prince.
"Is she staying for long then?" Doyle asked Royle instead of the woman in question, probably because he thought Royle was caring for her.
"I haven't decided yet," Royle said impatiently. He eyed the silent woman beside his brother. "I'm hungry. Make her cook something."
The woman went to the kitchen at a signal from Doyle. Despite her utter obedience to Doyle, there was nothing submissive or meek about her. Although Royle didn't respect her, he also didn't directly insult her, unlike the way he spoke to Adeline. But that was because he knew how important she was to Doyle and despite his belligerent attitude, he loved his brother.
Adeline didn't remain in the living room. She followed the other woman into the kitchen, standing at the doorway uncertainly, not sure if she was welcomed. The other woman had already seen her, yet she didn't speak to her until a fragrant aroma emitted from the pot of stew she had just made. She scooped up two huge bowls of stew into wooden bowls and handed them to her.
"Hand these to the men and come back."
Adeline was surprised she was being spoken and she obeyed quickly. When she returned to the kitchen, there was a smaller bowl of stew waiting for her. Adeline sat down at the table and ate with the other woman.
"You really can't speak?"
Adeline nodded.
"Did Royle rescued you then?"
Adeline thought about how Royle had gotten her out of the palace and nodded again.
"That's unlike him, but I suppose you're pretty enough to spur even him into doing good deeds." She smiled to herself, then went on, "I am Niri, by the way."
Although Niri wasn't as friendly as those women in the baths, there was something about her that Adeline automatically gravitated towards, a certain familiarity Adeline felt comfortable with. Niri's skin was tanned and her eyes a bright sea foam green. She looked just slightly older than Adeline, able to pass off as her sister if they walked side by side. Niri wasn't beautiful like Adeline or the sea witch, but she had an understated quality about her that many felt comfortable with.
Niri wasn't much of a talker, and Adeline was mute. So both of them ate their dinner quietly. Niri returned to Doyle after that, showing little interest in conversing with her. Adeline had no choice but to go to Royle too.
That night, as Adeline lay beside Royle after a bout of intense sex, she found herself still thinking about Niri. There were so many questions about the other woman she found herself unable to ask. Where did she come from? Why did she choose to stay with Doyle? She was incredibly curious about her.
A low throaty moan pierced through the sleepiness of the night. Adeline's eyes widened. There was a guttural grunt and then rhythmic pounding. She wasn't innocent anymore and realized she was overhearing Niri and Doyle's sexual escapades through the thin walls. She burrowed herself deeper into her thin blanket, and curled herself onto her side. As the night progressed, the moans and gasps grew louder and more emphatic. She found herself responding to it. Her breasts grew sensitive and her nipples stiffened beneath the plain nightgown Niri gave her. Her pussy yearned for something inside it, salivating as it remembered being fucked by Royle's cock just now.
"Oh, yes, right there, Doyle, right there! That's it! I'm coming! You're making me come!" Niri's cries filtered through the wall into Adeline's ears.
Adeline's hands went down to between her legs, where her throbbing clit was. She arched her back and spread open her thighs, letting out a soft noise of her own as her fingers circled her clit. It felt so naughty to eavesdrop on others having sex while she masturbated. She felt like the stranger who watched her and Royle had sex on the street. Would Niri and Doyle be angry with her? Would she be punished for pleasuring herself while she listened to them?
"More, Doyle! Make me come again! Harder, yes. Fuck me hard just like that!"
Adeline's breathing became heavier. She slipped two fingers into herself and mimicked the movements of a cock in and out of her. When Niri demanded Doyle to increase the pace, Adeline did so too, her fingers moving quickly as she fucked herself with them.
"Yes, oh yes! I'm coming, Doyle! Come in me too! I want you to fill me up with your seed! Come inside me, Doyle!"
Adeline orgasmed as Doyle and Niri shouted out their climaxes, one after the other. She lay there stunned for a moment, dazed by what she had just done. But before she could remove her hands from her sex, Royle's body shifted. His hands covered hers and held hers where they were.
"I'm glad you enjoyed that. Don't stop. There's no need. They wouldn't stop fucking until daybreak."
Right on Royle's words, the noises began again. Niri's low soft moans, then the sound of flesh meeting flesh, and finally followed by moans. Adeline shivered. It was one thing to be listening in on his brother having sex with his wife, and another to have Royle know about it. She blushed furiously, her guilty finger unmoving between her legs. Royle didn't rush her. He wanted to watch how this will play out. Would her shyness take over, or would her inner slut tendencies win in the end?
"Oh yes, Doyle! This is good. Touch my breasts! Squeeze them! Pull my nipples! Just like that. Oooh. You're biting down on them. Please. This feels good. Your mouth feels good! Oh yes. More!"
Royle sidled closer to Adeline, his chest pressing up against her back. His hand left hers, slid up along the curve of her hips, the dip of her waist, and continued heading north. His hands warmed the flesh of her breasts, his fingers kneading them. He brushed his palm across already stiff nipples until her shoulders trembled with pleasure.
"Do you like this? Do you like having your breasts played with as well?" He rolled a nipple between two fingers, watching her face intently. Though it was dark and there was no light in the room, there was just enough moonlight streaming in from the window to see her lips part as she began panting softly. "Do you like this or do you want more? Like what my brother is doing to her right now?"
His touch grew firmer. He pulled a nipple as far as it could go until it stretched out horribly. It must hurt, but he wasn't able to tell if she was in ecstasy or agony. He dug his nails into the pink tip until she tried shaking him off, withdrawing her hand from her sex to push him away. He instantly pushed it right back to where it belonged.
"Keep that hand where it was." His tone softened. "Does it hurt?" He manipulated her poor nipples once more. "But you enjoy it, don't you? You like what I do to you anyway." He leaned in close and spoke into her ear. "Why don't you touch yourself and let me know if you're wet? Or do you want my mouth on your breasts as well, tonguing your nipples? Just as my brother is doing to his wife?"
He rose and pushed her down so that she was flat on her back beneath him. He pushed her thighs wider apart, settled between them as though he always had a right to the space between her legs. His hot mouth closed around her left nipple, his tongue swirling around the rose-tinged tip as he flicked it. She let out a lusty moan, arching her back, her free hand trapping his head closer to her.
"Is this it? Is this what you like? Are you wet between your legs? Show me."
Royle removed his mouth from the now wet nipple and looked down at her. Adeline's mouth dried. She licked her lips and swallowed. In the next room, the sound of loud fucking continued, a vivid reminder of how pleasurable sex could be. The sexual heat and tension in their room rose ever higher. Under his scrutiny, she spread herself open for him. There was no question whether she was aroused. Her labia were wet with her juices, not just from her previous masturbation, but from Royle's teasing and the auditory voyeurism in the next room. To her utter embarrassment and humiliation, her grip slipped on her wet flesh. Royle laughed, his low chuckle ringing through the sexual haze.
"Well. I can certainly say you're wet."
Niri's passionate exclamations came again. "Oh yes! Lick my clit! Bite it! Suck on it! Make me come! Push your fingers into me! Stretch me out! Oh yes!"
Their eyes connected in the dark. Royle moved downwards, laying a trail of kisses down her belly to the slight rise of her mound. He kept his eyes on her, his tongue out as he drew it across heated flesh. Her thighs trembled to shut at the sensation but that was impossible with his bulk between her legs. His tongue delved into her slit, and searched out her little nubbin, circling it. The sight was intensely arousing. No one had ever done this to her before. Although she had taken cocks into her mouth, she didn't know men could pleasure her with their mouths too. And it felt really good. Adeline was lost in the sensation of his tongue assaulting her clitoris. When he trapped it between his teeth and ground down on the little nubbin, her whole body jerked, struggling to get away.
Royle wrapped his hands around her legs and pulled her back in place. "You're not going anywhere. And if you moan louder, I'm sure we can give my brother and his woman a show of our own too."
That was when she realized that she had been loud. But the thought was fleeting when Royle's lips wrapped around her clitoris again. He pushed a finger into her pussy, and she instantly grabbed it. More, she thought, echoing what Niri was shouting. Her hips thrust upwards to Royle, demanding more. He slipped the second finger into her, stretching her out slightly, his mouth alternating between flicking and sucking on her clitoris. Her pussy was producing so much wetness that there was a wet patch on the bed beneath her ass. And still, she wanted more. She wanted his cock inside her, pounding her, taking her.
She dug her nails into his shoulders, and got his attention. She had no words, and so Royle had to interpret her look.
"What is it? You want more?" He pumped his fingers furiously in and out of her. She moaned but shook her head. "What? This isn't enough? Do you want my cock instead?"
At that, Adeline nodded her head quickly. Royle chuckled.
"You're indeed a cock-hungry whore, aren't you? Don't worry. I'll satisfy you."
In the next room, Doyle's and Niri's cries were rising again. Royle rose from his position. His cock was already hard, his face wet with her juices. She smelled so good and tasted so sweet. She was already wet enough and eager enough that he didn't take his time entering her, instead driving his full length to the hilt in one full stroke. She screamed, her hips rising off the bed. Royle took her hard, fucking her like the whore she behaved like.
As the cries rose to a crescendo, culminating in a high-pitched scream from Niri, Adeline, and Royle came too. Royle's seed spilled into Adeline's pussy while Doyle filled up Niri's womb in the next room, both women massaging their cocks as their pussy contracted around the cocks.