Pretty much need to read parts 1 & 2 to enjoy this.
Janet and I could not wait to get home from the mall after the excitement of Janet being on display in her hot yoga pants and snug tank top. She had struggled to disguise her very aroused nipples as literally dozens of guys were checking her out, several making detours to take a second look.
After getting home, the moment we closed the door the clothes began flying.... no scratch that, that is what we were thinking but we have kids who needed to be put in bed, a dog that needed attention and a walk and some prep work to be ready for Saturday morning activities. But I did get to peel off those yoga pants and tank top, check out the hot thong and sheer bra, and we did have a healthy romp with me whispering in her ear how exciting it was to see her flaunt her hot MILF figure at the mall. She was hot and wet and the pause in activities did little to cool my ardor as I didn't last long and promised a rain check for a more thorough working over on Saturday.
Saturday I was scheduled to take care of the computer and studio equipment in Lisa's previously locked room. I was anxious to see the room but, as it turned out, my wife had packed and moved six wardrobe boxes full of Lisa's locked room clothes and toys to our basement. Janet teased me saying she would get to decide what and when I could see more of her new items.
As it turned out, the computers and related equipment allowed me to upgrade our personal equipment items and still have several components to sell. The apartment would be ready to rent out within the next week providing a couple months of double rent payments on the unit.
That evening I mentioned to Janet that we would earn enough from all of the extra income and sales to plan a very nice vacation, perhaps something tropical. I propositioned Janet, "I'll plan a nice Caribbean escape if you commit to wearing only items from Lisa's locked bedroom? I bet she had a few nice bikinis?"
Janet smiled, "I'll need to think about that, I haven't checked out her swimwear yet. You might not want to have that condition as you could end up spending all your time competing for my attention with other gentlemen."
"Or maybe not so gentle men if Lisa's swimwear is as hot as her other items. Maybe it will bring out your repressed hotwife personality." I responded.
"Hotwife?" Janet inquired.
"You're so naive, a hotwife is a wife who fucks other men and cuckolds her husband." I chuckled.
"I assumed it had some sexual meaning. But what is a cuckold?"
I couldn't help but laugh out loud. "I need to get you to watch some porn to keep up on current terminology. A cuckhold is a husband whose wife cheats on him, often where he can watch. And about half of guys get excited watching."
Janet paused for several moments. "Wow. I thought guys would get furious and jealous except for maybe swingers. And what about you?"
Now I paused for a moment thinking about what to say and how Janet would react. "Well, I definitely get excited when you dress and act sexy, you certainly know that. I also get excited and proud when I see other guys take an interest in you. If I thought you were seriously interested, I would definitely get jealous. If you were just flirting for fun I would still get jealous but my excitement might make it worth it.
"So I have a repressed hotwife personality?" Janet questioned.
"Well the sexy clothes did seem to wake up your libido. It was pretty obvious you got a thrill from the attention guys paid to you in those hot yoga pants. And, yes, I got a thrill both watching you and watching the guys watch you."
Janet was fully engrossed in the conversation now. "You need to elaborate a little on what flirting for fun means and how that tug of war between jealousy and excitement plays out."
"That's a good question, I'm not sure I know the answer. You certainly haven't tested me. Wearing those yoga pants and sexy top in the mall was the most overtly sexual I've seen you act in public since our honeymoon. Maybe we can talk more about it next weekend when we go out for my birthday."
With my birthday was the following week, the parents and in-laws and kids all got together for cake and ice cream on Thursday evening and we arranged a babysitter so I could take Janet to our favorite restaurant Friday evening. As it turns out I had to work late on Friday, so we arranged to meet at the restaurant. I texted Janet when I was on my way, and she said she was in a booth on the back wall by the edge of the room.
When I got to the restaurant, I didn't see any sign of Janet, the woman I noticed along the back wall was a blonde woman with her back to me. I took a walk around thinking perhaps Janet had gone to the restroom. In doing so, I got close to the blonde woman, she smiled, and in spite of sunglasses and the blonde wig, I finally recognized Janet. Evidently my jaw-dropping look got her attention as she was giggling in delight with her surprise.
Janet had on substantially more and different makeup on than she would normally wear but it looked fantastic. The blonde wig, as I found out, was one of Lisa's many dress up items, it was very high quality and natural looking. The satiny white button-up blouse had enough undone buttons to expose a generous view of Janet's 36B breasts which were nicely displayed by what I presumed was one of Lisa's push up bras. As I gawked at her Janet stepped out of the booth to show off a snug pencil skirt with a teasing slit and shiny smokey colored stockings. She looked fantastic, extraordinarily sexy but sophisticated and elegant enough to be appropriately dressed for this restaurant.
I told Janet, "You look delicious."
Janet responded, "Happy birthday, I know one of your fantasies had always been to have your way with a sexy blonde woman, so I thought I'd try and give you that chance."
"Wow, I can't wait. Come sit in the booth next to me so we can take a selfie. I need to remember this night."
I took several pictures kissing and smiling, a few with sunglasses and a few without. I talked Janet into undoing another button for some hot cleavage shots - as risqué as was appropriate given the setting. After we had ordered our dinner, I mentioned to Janet, "Since you have gone out of your way to try and fulfill one of my fantasies, I will have to think about taking you out with me dressed in blackface and with a penis extender for your birthday date since I think you have always been a bit curious about big black men. She blushed quickly but did not deny my supposition.
"But I'd know it was you when I removed your shirt." she said.
I responded. "And I'll know you aren't a blond when I peel off your panties."
Janet giggled and paused then said, "Who said I am wearing panties and who said I haven't shaved my pussy bald."
Lisa's clothes seemed to be something of an aphrodisiac for Janet. She not only seldom dressed as overtly sexual but her willingness to banter and openly tease was very much out of character, at least the character I was used to.
"Maybe I should drop my silverware and climb around on the floor under the table pretending to get my silverware but actually checking out the panty situation."
By now the pink blush color on Janet's cheeks had spread to her neck and cleavage. In spite of being covered by her bra and blouse, a close inspection revealed the telltale signs of aroused nipples. It's always comforting to know that you can get your spouse aroused.
Janet noticed the waiter coming from the bar with our order. She instinctively moved to button up the blouse buttons I had talked her into undoing for our selfie. Then she caught herself, saying, "Since it's your birthday, and we're tucked away in this booth, I guess letting a little cleavage show, or maybe more than a little cleavage, won't hurt tonight. He looks kind of cute."
I smiled and so did the waiter as he handed Janet her drink while taking in the sight. She had leaned forward reaching for her drink and gave him a thousand Watt smile and what had to be a great down blouse view.
As the waiter left, Janet said, "I'm practicing my flirting since I'm so rusty. By the way, I want to follow up on our discussion last week. As I recall, you we're going to elaborate a little on what flirting for fun means and how that tug of war between jealousy and excitement plays out."
As she said that she placed her hand on my crotch and added, "I can feel you are excited but did you get a little jealous of the good view and the big smile I gave him?"
To be continued.