Over a month had drifted by & he has been quiet on the social front, still unsure if he was back in my good books after all he had done I suspect. Towards the end of the weeks he got unsettled & I wait for some sort of tryst to be proposed but no. It was Thursday & another weekend was approaching. Would he let it go by? Dinner over & we sat opposite at the table in silence, each lost in our own thoughts & feelings. It was time to clear the air.
"We can't turn the clock back & just pretend the past few of weeks didn't happen."
"No."
"I am prepared to forgive anything that has happened in the past, put it all behind us so we can start a new."
He looked up.
"I think we have a much greater understanding of each other now so there is little to be gained by looking back, it would only cause hurt & maybe split us up. I don't want that."
He was nodding the whole time relieved as much as in agreement as he was being let off the hook entirely for his passed indiscretions, of which I am sure I have only scratched the surface.
"Happy with that?"
He gave me a great big smile. Of course he was & fell over himself assuring me.
"Where do we go from here?"
He frowned.
"We could look upon what has gone on as a social experiment & move on. We are not committed to anyone or anything so can turn away from it. There is only Tim at work. That might be a bit awkward for you but I sure it would soon pass. Now is the time before it becomes complicated."
His face said it all, he didn't want it to stop. I had put my point of view so waited.
"Couldn't we just keep 1 or 2?"
"Who?"
He shrugged.
"There is only Jeanette & Tim that we have had anything much to do with & well, you two haven't exactly hit it off. There is nothing to be gained by staying involved if we aren't enjoying it. They are not our age, nor were the ones at the party. Not that I'm complaining but it would have been nicer if there were some more like us."
He still looked resigned but I imagined the issue was far from settled. He was thinking.
"There are contact groups on the Net."
"You have seen them no doubt?"
He blushed.
"What are the dangers? At least we knew Jeanette & Tim so could rely on their contacts, but complete strangers?"
He didn't want to think about that side of it.
"Not if we are careful."
"What are you suggesting?"
"We meet them first, get to know them before we get involved. The Site says you should do this, meet in public, a restaurant or Bar, that way we would have an escape route."
His eyes were pleading. I didn't dare look at them knowing he would get his way. I didn't really object to the idea, in fact I was starting to warm to it. It was just the way he had gone about it so far. When I said I was prepared to consider it I had only intended going with 3 or 4, just to see what it was like, if I could still feel the difference & if it still mattered. There was & it did. Every one was different, not the size & shape so much, but in the way they made love to me. With masturbating I was in control & could climax if I wanted to or not. That's why I was so careful choosing who I would give my virginity to & made sure the first time was special, that there was time & a proper place to let it be its best. It was & I really enjoyed it. Even though I didn't climax that first time, I felt its presence & was sure with & bit of planning I would. I bled. I was so pleased & proud. He did know I was a virgin so it was special to be able to surprise him. I climaxed on our 3rd time together & that started it. I wanted to see if I could climax with others & as it turned out, I could, nearly all of them, if not the first time, then the second or third. I never expected to build up such a tally & it was only Brett who really stopped me. I was looking for someone, he was it as it turned out but I continued to pass the time with them until we got together. If it hadn't have been for him who knows how many I would have got to by now. Here was the chance to continue on where I left off. Do I want it?
I could feel his eyes burning into me. Nan had said I should never get a reputation, I would just get used, no man would want or respect me. I had been so smug, so sure I had missed all of that, passed under the radar, little knowing that was exactly what had happened to me. Not that I was ever 'used', not as far as I was concerned. There were always plenty willing to go with me so I got to pick & choose. There had only been a half dozen 'one night stands' the rest had lasted a bit longer & I had always been the one who moved on much to their disappointment usually. I couldn't see it had done me any real harm. Were I male I would have been a 'stud' but society treats girls like me differently. So did he expected me to be unfaithful, have affairs during our marriage? To be honest, until this came along & hadn't given it a thought. He is a good lover as far as I am concern, willing, considerate, patient & adventurous so my needs have always been met & often exceeded. I can't think of a reason & would have every needed to start looking round again.
Jeanette had caught me by surprise. Not her so much, but being with her. It goes on, of course I knew that, but never imagined I would get involved. I was a Man's Woman, at least that is what I had thought up until recently. I'm not so sure anymore. If I am honest with myself, that was the highlight of the evening for me & last time, well, that was something I never could have imagined & yet it didn't seem at all foreign or uncomfortable. It was a whole new world of experiences to enjoy. It certainly was out in the open & seemed to be a part of the lifestyle, most of the women seemed to be partial to 'a bit of the other' with one of their own. It was all very new, but interested me just the same & I'm sure I have only seen the tip of the iceberg. He was staring, dying to know what was going around inside my head.
"I suppose it can't do any harm to have a look?"
He almost ran to get his lap top. I got quite a shock as to how many there were. He put in a 100km radius from our suburb & there were pages & pages. Seems everyone is looking. Nearly all the women had their "bits" on display & by the look of them, many were taken without their knowledge too, many showing faces which surprised me & I'm sure one of them works at the Hairdressing Salon down stairs from my office! There were some erections, very impressive, one single offering his services to couples & further through there were women doing the same. That aroused my curiosity!
"Where do we start?"
"So you are still interested?"
"I'm prepared to look."
He spent the rest of the evening trawling. Most had something which was off putting, at least as far as he was concerned, but what did interest me were the numbers which advertised 'She Bi', something I haven't finished with yet. I didn't see any 'He Bi', 1 or 2 were 'Both Bi' but I wasn't sure he was into that & not prepared to risk anything at this early stage by asking. I ended up heading off to bed & leaving him to it. He was the same again Friday night while I watch TV.
"Anything?"
He shook his head & was looking very dejected.
Saturday morning he was at it again while I got our Breakfast, getting more & more despondent. I wasn't sure what he was expecting. He'd had me exchanged a few times before we started down this track, surely with such a choice it should be easy. I decided to try & lift his spirits looking over his shoulder from time to time in passing as he flicked through them, faces, hundreds & hundreds of faces, vaginas & erections. As I put his coffee down something caught my eye.
"Stop!"
He did eventually.
"Go back?"
Profile by profile. I was starting to think I had imagined it he had gone so far past.
"Stop!"
I hadn't.
"What about them?"
They were just a very ordinary 'couple next door'. She was quite pretty, but it was him, something I could put my finger on. Just an attraction. In my wayward days he would have definitely have been given it.
"Where do they live?"
"Not far. About half an hour."
"Older than us?"
"Younger."
"Younger?"
"21 & 19 according to this."
"Any other pictures?"
"1 or 2."
There were a couple of passports, their wedding photo & a nude full frontal standing side by side holding hands. She had a rounder figure than me with medium size tits & was shaven or waxed. He didn't have an erection so it was hard to tell.
"What do you think?"
He shrugged.
"If you want to go down this track we have to start somewhere. Why not them?"
He shrugged again.
"If you are going to be fussy forget it! I'm not going along with this. Shut it down & go do something useful."
A look of panic came over his face as & walked over & started the dishes.
"Darling?"
I ignored him & carried on.
"Darling?"
"Don't you Darling me, it won't get you anywhere."
"Can't we talk about it?"
"We have & I have said I'm prepared to go along with it, it is you who is stopping it going any further. I don't want to have anymore to do with it. You had your chance & you blew it!"
I wasn't angry, just fed up with him. It was all about him, not me, even though he needed my vagina to get in more than his cock.
"I'm sorry."
"You should be. If you haven't got the message by now I'm getting sick of all this."
Now that it has come to the crunch I realised that I wanted it too, wanted this lifestyle. I had to be careful not to bite off my nose to spite my face. I tried to appear to be doing him a favour.
"Do you want me to do it, find someone?"
He got all po-faced.
"What is wrong with her? She is bound to have a vagina to stick your cock in."
He good at the profile again.
"I'm happy with him so it is up to you, decide or find someone you do want to fuck."
He was dithering.
"Yes?"
"I suppose so."
"Right!"
I swotted him with my tea towel.
"Where is the phone number?"
"They don't put up phone numbers. You have to send them a message to that code."
"Oh! They won't know who we are, will they?"
"No."
"Shall we?"
He shrugged.
"Right, well away you go."
15 minutes, that's all it took for a reply.
"What did they say?"
"They're interested."
"Is there a phone number?"
"I told you! That comes later."
"So what is there?"
"More photos."
There certainly were, especially of her, open leg shots with close ups of her vagina. The ones of him were all nude & with an erection. It was a handy size.
"What do you think? Are you interested in her?"
"Could be."
"At last! What happens now?"
"They will want pictures."
"Of us?"
"Of course."
"Well you are not going to send those ones you have of me."
"Why not?"
"Oh Brett, they're awful. We can do better than that. What say we do some proper ones?"
Now that got him interested.
"I will have a shower & tidy myself up a bit first. I don't want to send anything I'm not proud of."
I turned the shower on & left it to warm up while & went through, made our bed & flitted round with a duster while putting away. As I came back down the passage he was waiting with a stupid look on his face.
"What?"
"Can I film you?"
"Oh if you must!"
It was thrilling sending wave after wave to my vagina. I put on a bit of a show getting out of my dressing gown, posing before getting in, leaving the door open so he could see everything I did, soaping up & giving my tits a thorough wash along with my vagina, even though the water went all over the floor but that was the price we had to pay. My vagina was almost too sensitive to wash properly but I had to put on a show for him, knowing that it probably would be long before it needed my attention. Drying, foot up on the Toilet seat letting it all hang down, as he came in very close, sending surge after surge just knowing what he could see before wrapping my hair in a turban & making my way back to the bedroom. He wanted to get started straight away but I wouldn't until I had done my hair & put on a little bit of makeup, touching up my nipples & labia with a bit of extra colour much to his amusement. As I rolled & lolled, imagining thousand, maybe millions would see these photos ultimately, me in all my naked glory. The biggest surges came when he was coming in very close to my vagina. No more secrets! I raise my legs right up & spread wide open while he took dozens of photos & was over the moon.
"I have always wanted to do that!"
"Yes, well it's my turn now."
The look. Boot was on the other foot.
"Do I have too?"
"They sent some of him with an erection. You need a shower so we will start with that first. How to you make the video work?"
A look of horror came over his face. An hour later it was all done, more water on the Bathroom floor, having to go down on him regularly to keep him up, a few shot of him sitting on the Toilet holding his erection as if he was wanking, nude shots round the house still hard & we were done. There weren't a lot in the end & we agonies about which to send. I managed to get one in on the Toilet under great protest. The close-up were great sending thrill after thrill to my vagina. Just after 2pm & our selection was on its away. The reply came back in less than 5 minutes! YES! Could they come over or would we like to come to them. Brett was ready to go until I pointed out the advice, meet first on neutral ground, out in public & tread carefully. We offered to meet at a Tavern midway between at 7pm & got a swift reply giving us a full description of what they would be wearing.
That settled, there was time to get ready, not that I needed to do much. He appeared with his camera.
"Um ..."
I knew before he said anything.
"You know how you let me film you in the shower?"
"You want to film me masturbating."
He got a strange guilty look on his face. There certainly wasn't a problem with motivation after my morning of posturing for him which I had expected would get caught up with one way or another that evening. His eyes were pleading which made me smile.
"Oh alright!"
Naked on our bed, that's how he wanted me, the same as the old one he had no doubt. I was happy to oblige, remembering most of how I was, my usual place where I masturbate when he is not at home. A replica for him. It was my opportunity now that the cat is out of the bag. He knows I masturbate & if I let him film me he won't be able to complain when I masturbate again, no need to postpone it until I am alone or find somewhere he won't think to look, on the Toilet, rushing to get it done. Those days are gone. I can stretch out anywhere, anytime, relax & enjoy myself. I might even shock him when he discovers just how often I do.
The presence of the camera definitely did not put me off. If anything it made me more in the mood, as if I needed any additional encouragement. It could have all been over in a couple on minutes, 3 at the most, such was my proficiency at getting myself off, but I had the luxury to lie back & enjoy it safe in the knowledge that it was allowed. I closed my eyes, just enough to see through a tiny gap, watching him darting from place to place, coming in so close I could feel his breath. This wasn't just for him but also the millions who I hoped would see me. Having seen me bathing they could now enjoy what I do to need to wash, especially my vagina. I drew my labia back & open, the sound track just following as a matter of course, just like when I'm alone. Having no one there to listen me doesn't stop me expressing myself & I guessed by his smile he was enjoying it too. I had no idea how long the illicit video he had of me lasted but I was approaching the time & would normally let myself climax & did. I thought I might put on a bit of a Hollywood to spice it up for him but in the end there was not need, I had a huge orgasm, toes curling back to my ankles & even my eyebrows were Butterflying, a sure sign of its great intensity. I collapsed after, aware my body was being scanned by the camera & made no attempt to put anything away. The afterglow subsided & I moved into recovery mode.
"Okay? Happy now? Made me do what you wanted me to again?"
He blushed guiltily.
I think I was more in the mood after than before, if anything. There was a kind of awkward, even uncomfortable expectation, like having a parcel which you are not allowed to open yet. I dressed but must admit to being just as restless as he was & could literally feel my vagina excreting into my panties. They stuck to me, I could tell. There was still a couple of hours before we were due to leave, so plenty of time & I was sure another one wouldn't dull my interest in what might go on tonight.
"Would you like to film me again?"
His mouth dropped to the floor.
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Are you serious."
"I can leave it if you would rather not."
That was the last thing & I wanted. It had got to the stage that even walking rubbed I got me going. Even if he didn't film me & would probably have to adjourn to the Toilet & rub it out.
"No, no! It's fine."
Now how did I know it would be.
"I'll sit on the sofa this time. I often sit there & masturbated when you are out."
I took the chance to get that in. There was a hive of activity with the camera before he straightened up with it in his hands.
"Ready?"
"Yes!."
His face flushed with anticipation.
"You can film from go to whoa this time, what I always do. Would you like that?"
He did, I could tell but was too flustered to speak.
"Well? Way you go."
He wasn't sure what I was expecting to do so took a couple of steps back, pointed in my general direction & began filming. I moved to the arm of the sofa, leaned on it, reaching under my skirt, tugging my panties down, bit by bit before lifting each foot in turn & taking them off over my ankle. He was focused now in every sense of the word. I held the up, shook out the wrinkles & laid them on the armrest. Moving round to the front of the sofa, I gather my skirt up around my waist & carefully sat down. Positioning myself with a bend leg, sitting on my foot while stretching out the other & reclining back. He was dancing in front of me unsure where to film next. My hand made its way up my top to harass my nipples, a favourite stimulation occasionally resulting in broken skin which I love the discomfort in the days after, not that he ever realised.
It was down to business & almost from my first touch I was fighting to keep my climax at bay. I was in a mood the likes of which I had only ever experienced a few times before. I had wished & wished it, hoping to bring it on but my body doesn't wok like that, I am a prisoner to what it will give me & when. Fortunately quantity has never been in short supply. There was surge after surge all heading south & I knew I would doing some sponging off once I was done. I managed to spin it out for a good 5 minutes but it was getting uncomfortable constantly battling the drive to satisfaction. I let go, building up to frantic pace in no time at all, my nipples being squeezed like pimples, which must have been obvious to the camera. I began to float, drifting on a cloud, barely noticing the contact my body was having with the sofa, all my bodily sensations concentrated in one small button at the head of my labia. It was right there, but it wasn't! At times I thought it had gone but then it would surf back again like ocean waves. There was nothing I could do but keep the beat.
I was complete overwhelmed as if possessed! It took over my body like a demon dictating to me which part would feel good, going round all of my extremities until my whole body was orgasming! It was scary for its power & complete control. I had to ride it out, stay in touch as best I could. I was peeing, I knew it but could do little to stop myself. I had numerous times before, little sprinkles, but & feared this was more than that! It was as if an inner glow had begun from deep inside me, flowing out to my finger tips & toes a warmth I had never left the likes of. I have no idea how long it lasted, barely able to focus but still aware of the camera's ever presence. Gradually everything became clear & I was still panting, chest heaving in the aftermath. I remembered how I had started with the intention of providing a proper conclusion, got to my feet, only just, returned round the edge of the sofa, hooked up my panties, still wobbly as I got a foot through each leg hole, hitched them up & brushed my skirt down before shakily moving away.
I daren't look at him but could tell the recording had stopped. Returning from the Laundry & spayed & began to sponge the spot down.
"What's that?"
"What do you think it is?"
"Is it?"
"Yes. Not the first time, but never as much before."
He was quiet for a few moments as if taking it in.
"You really enjoyed that, didn't you?"
"What do you think?"
I looked at him I smiled & got a relived one in return. I did my best to clean up after myself before disappearing, pretending to be busy but hiding in the Laundry, not really ready to face him for the moment. He had seen me at my most vulnerable, completely exposed in all ways possible & while I'm sure he had enjoyed it, I hadn't intended him to ever see so much inside me. When I finally made my way back I was getting some very sideway looks.
"What?"
"No, nothing."
It had been a lot more aware than I had hoped for making me feel disclosed. I had to find a way out, distract him & then it just came out.
"I'll do another one for you soon, once I am fully recovered."
He smiled.
"I'm going to change my panties."
I couldn't resist a quickly glance at his knowing grin.
Well there was no need to pretend. He saw what he saw, I couldn't deny that, how it would affect our relationship in the future in the future I didn't know, but the past few weeks had been a real roller coaster for both of us & I hoped it would have a positive outcome. Having freshened up, I busied myself in the Kitchen scratching up a snack Dinner for us before rinsing my hands & wandering back into the Dining Room. I was in the mood again by then, or still I imagined, didn't dare go anywhere near the sofa with its big damp patch, pulling out a chair from the table instead.
"Ready?"
"Where?"
"Here. I have done it before."
He obviously wasn't expecting it & picked up the camera, fiddling until he had it ready. I started to take off my panties.
"No don't?"
"Why?"
"Can you do it inside your panties."
I had before, as well as Trackies, Jeans, Tights, you name it.
"If you like."
Skirt gather up high, brushing my nipples which were still smarting from my previous adventure & providing just the right amount of background irritancy to keep me on the edge. Sitting down, I slid to the front, my bottom hanging half over as I slid my hand down the front & went to work. There was none of the drama of my last build-up, a more normal masturbation which I had performed hundreds of times in many different locations. It was a bit more distant than the previous & I had to work harder for it, but that was not a reflection of the need. I hadn't been this way for a long time & was thoroughly enjoying myself. It took just over 6 minute, standard procedure, build up, plateau, then over the top, intense & satisfying. He was filming, but seemed fascinated as well, almost involved. After the intensity of my last orgasm, this one seem to was routine, but captured is imagination for some reason. The afterglow & re-entry wasn't the same as the others, more procedural which he seemed to appreciate.
"Okay?"
"Yes of course."
"Did you do wee wees?"
I smiled at his expression. It was hardly peeing, just a side affect. I slipped them off the tossed them to him.
"Here, check."
There was some mucus, that was normal after what I had done even though they were clean on before surrounded by a dark circle. He studied them carefully.
"What do you think?"
They got lifted to his nose & sniffed, a natural reaction I imagined.
"Do you like sniffing my panties?"
He suddenly realised what he was doing & pulled them away immediately blushing profusely.
"You probably go through the Laundry basket."
The look! That was exactly what he did.
"No, no!"
He could talk his way out of it, I knew as surely as if he had come out & confessed it himself.
"I don't mind. They are better when they are fresh, don't you agree?"
He was so embarrassed.
"Can I have a feel?"
"If you want to."
I rested a hand in his shoulder while being very thoroughly internally examined. His erection was making a marquee pole in the front of his trousers.
"Enjoying yourself?"
Looking straight at it which made me smile.
"Yes."
He kept on.
"Are you happy with the videos?"
"I didn't think you would."
I shrugged.
"You have never asked."
He looked surprised.
"Would you have?"
"I don't know. Probably. Just for you though."
"But?"
"That's different. We have to if we are going to find couple on the Net."
He started at me. I decided to leave it at that, some suspense for him to think about. We picked over Dinner but both heads were elsewhere.
"Shall we?"
Panties were replaced with fresh & I was ready. Once in the car I decided to set the mood by wriggling by hem up so my panties were on display for him as well as me. Just knowing what he could see was getting me ready too.
Anxious not to be early, battling to hold him back, I made sure we arrived fashionably late. I didn't wants us to be the ones sitting round staring at anyone who came in wondering if it was them or if we had been stood up & having to make an embarrassing retreat. They were there & we had no difficulty recognising them tucked away in a booth as far from the crowd as possible. I had no idea how I should conduct myself after all I had been seduced into it the first time & taken out the second. Just how do you talk to complete strangers you are about to make love with? We introduced ourselves & there were kisses all round but what I found curious was the looks that darted between them, not sure if they were disbelief or disapproval. There was some initial confusion as if they were both flustered, caught off guard. Gabrielle stared & stared at me which was quite disquieting but eventually order appeared out of the disarray, Brett & Simon sat together on one side of the table while I join Gabrielle around the back. We stared at each other for quite a while & I wondered what was going on. She wasn't wearing a bra either & it was a lot more obvious than me, a plunging neckline showing a long cleavage & taut erect nipples doing their best to poke through the flimsy, almost see through fabric of her top.
Eventually we made small talk, both keen to find out as much as we could while giving away as little as possible.
"Have you been with a couple before?"
"Twice."
"We have been in the scene for a year, started just after I had Sophie. Mum is looking after her for us. Have you had any trouble?"
"No, not really. I wasn't expecting it first time, Brett made all of the arrangements behind my back & didn't know what was going on until I got hit on by his friends wife."
"That happens a lot from what I hear, wives getting tricked into it. Mum was the one who introduced us. They have been in the scene for years & often host parties which is great because I can take Sophie with me."
She was much softer in the flesh, as they say, quite bubbly & easier to talk to than I was expecting.
"Thanks for the pictures, your vagina looks nice, really yummy."
"Does it?"
It was a strange thing to say, but then this was a whole new world to discover.
"We only took them this morning. It is our first time on the Net & we only had old ones so decide it was time we updated."
"Most don't. They send pictures of themselves that are years old."
I imagined some would.
"I like Brett."
"He is really nice, kind & gentle lover. I think you will be satisfied by him."
"He's not too big. Most men think we only like big ones but I much prefer average ones."
I don't think he sees himself as average but in my experience she had summed him up pretty well. There was a silence & I felt obliged to keep the conversation going.
"I like your vagina too."
I couldn't think of anything else to say.
"Not as nice as yours. You are like me when I was little."
Thinking back she did have quite prominent labia.
"Am I?"
"I like girls who are like that."
She seemed shy all of a sudden.
"I'm Bi."
"Yes, we saw it on your profile."
"Do you have a problem with that?"
"No."
She looked as though she wanted me to say more, but this is all new & it is early days after all.
"Fine. Just as long as that is clear."
There were serious discussions going on opposite, quite discreet, looking over their shoulder to see if anyone was in earshot & gestures in our direction. I would have loved to know what was being said. From time to time Gabrielle & Simon connected with nods & big warm smiles. It was as if they had a code to report progress & from where I was sitting it looked positive. It got me thinking about how I felt, was I ready & were they the ones? They were more experienced than us, obviously & seem to have their assessment system well worked out. I was getting nothing from Brett that I could make any sense of. The only thing I could tell was that he was taking it very, very seriously. When I did look my way & got a rather forced smile, & that was it. What was he thinking?
Gabrielle got up & after an exchange between them they swapped places. Looking into the eyes of a man I had only just been introduced to, but whom I was thinking about letting fuck me was surreal. He seemed very nice, a bit odd I imagined & very, very nervous.
"You & Gabrielle okay?"
I had no idea what that was supposed to mean but assumed he wanted to know if we had got along.
"Yes, I think so. Certainly as far as I am concerned."
"Good, good. It is important."
That was a bit of an understatement. I couldn't think of any reply.
"Thanks for the photos."
"That's okay. We got yours. Sorry about the delay, we didn't have any recent ones at the time but do now."
"Yes. Yes. It's just Gabrielle. Cocks! Cocks are important to her. She loves to see them first, but everything is good, she is happy now."
Again, I had no answer.
"Your photos didn't do you justice."
"Sorry about that."
"No, you are much prettier in person."
"Thank you."
It gave me a real lift. I hadn't realised up until then I had been feeling a little fragile, not my usual confident self.
"The photos don't always tell the whole truth."
I imagined that maybe they didn't.
"I hope you don't mind me saying but you've got great tits."
"Thank you."
I know he was bound to say it but I'm sufficiently inclined to accept it as a compliment.
"You are not wearing a bra?"
"No. I usually don't around the house & when I go out on special occasions."
Why did I say that?
"Gabrielle's not got one on either. You look nice, both of you, you look really nice."
I blushed, I actually blushed.
"Thank you!"
"I love your vagina too."
Spoken in hushed tones after a quick look round.
"Why thank you Sir."
I don't know what got into me but I was feeling cheeky after having my ego boosted.
"And you have a lovely body & a beautiful cock!"
That left him speechless.
Gabrielle was busy across from me, heaven knows what they were talking about but she leaned towards him for his reply to be plied directly into her ear. There were lots of smiles & even a giggle or two, a hand held up to shield her mouth when I imagine very risqué things were being said. He seemed to have lightened up now if the flashes of teeth I was getting were anything to go by.
"Gabrielle warned you, didn't she?"
What on earth about? I was struggling for a reply.
"She got it from her Mother. They get together sometimes."
So that was it! Thank heavens for that. Her Mother? OMG! Too much information.
"We saw it on her profile."
"Good."
He nodded.
"You okay?"
"Yes, I think so."
He was a man of few words & I couldn't think of anything to keep the conversation going, but the telepathy between them was going great guns. I felt quite envious because I honestly had no idea what was going round in Brett's head. He probably want to have sex with her, but then I think that would be the case with almost any woman. He was less serious now, she seemed to have helped him relax as their toings & froing continued, all of it not for other ears judging by their demeanours. Simon took my hand & held it. It was the first gesture, the first contact between any of us, gently stroking & patting it & I let him. Gabrielle noticed & smiled. I want him & I don't know why. I was dying to kiss him & let him touch more than just my hand. I wasn't getting anything from Brett, smiles at times but nothing I could relate to read what he was thinking. Nearly an hour had passed & I started to wonder how it was going to end. I didn't have to wait long.
Gabrielle slid forward on her seat, sat up straight, hands clasped on her lap.
"We are ready to proceed."
Just like that! So that is how it is done.
"You can come back to our place. My Mother will be there but that will not be a problem, ...or ... we are happy to follow you back to yours, ... or ... we could go to a Motel. We can pay our share."
They all looked at me! Brett was smiling, but there was no other sign of what might be going through his head so I was on my own. They expected me to be the weak link in this decision. He didn't asked to speak with me on our own, just stared along with the others. I didn't want them to come home, didn't know them well enough yet, the Motel sounded seedy as if something improper was going on & to be honest, I was curious to know more about them without giving too much away. The Bar was busy, everyone rushing round drinking & talking, groups here I there & it wasn't wasted on me if they had any idea what was going down at our table.
"We will go to your place."
They all let out huge sighs having been hold their breathes while the seconds had ticked by. Simon patted my hand.
"Good girl."
I accompanied Simon & Gabrielle went with Brett, so we all would know where to go ostensibly but I think it was more for us to have a chance to get to know each other better. I would have loved to be a fly on the wall in our car as Gabrielle seemed most impressed with Brett. He opened the car door for me so by the time he had got around to his side & had my skirt hitched up again, the tight stretched crotch of my panties on show. He noticed & smiled. I rested my hand on the inside of his thigh, brushing his cock through his pants discovering he has a damp spot & wondered if mine was noticeable too.
"So how long have you 2 been in the scene?"
"Just a few weeks."
"Is that all?"
I couldn't think of an answer so smiled at him.
"So what have you got up to so far?"
It was light hearted.
"Well! My Darling husband set me up with one of his workmates & his wife who actually talked me into having sex with her husband."
"It doesn't seem to have upset you too much."
"Not now, but I was really angry with him at the time."
"So that's it so far."
"They took us to a party in a house one Saturday night & it was fine I guess, I did enjoy myself, but they were all a lot older than us."
He was nodding.
"We have the same problem too. Couples send us photos of themselves taken years ago & it is not until we meet up with them that we find out. That's why you two were a surprise, a couple who are better than the photos rather than worse."
I smiled.
It was just like my bad old days. After I had made my choices I really wanted it & little did he know, I was going to let him do anything he wanted to me. I squeezed & felt him through his pants & it was nice, just a tease as he parted his legs, pointing his toes to keep them on the pedals. The damp spot was getting wetter rather than bigger & I focused on it, flick my finger across, knowing that the slit in his knob was just below. I wanted him to kiss me, leaning over at a red traffic light so our lips could meet for the first time. Resting my head on his shoulder like a teenager, I took his hand & pressed it to my tits. He was shaking but managed a squeeze or 2. On arrival I waited for him to come to my door, deliberately giving him the biggest panty flash I could, taking my time to make sure he got the best view as he smiled staring at the taut fabric. Brett & Gabrielle arrived, holding his hands, hugging is arm to her tits so I held on just so they could get a glimpse of my gusset too, making them smiling.
"Well HELLO!"
I guessed it must have been her Mother, not that you would think so the way they kissed & Simon too.
"Mum, this is Rosalie & Brett, my Mum Jezebel."
It was my turn, quite a kiss & hand movement on my tits. Brett got the same only the hand was lower.
"She's been fine, had a bottle about half an hour ago so should be down for the night. I'll leave you 4 to it, I know you have a lot of getting to know each other planned. Hope to see you both again some time."
"Yes."
He left it to me to reply. She had barely closed the door when Gabrielle was all over him as they fumbled & tumbled their way through to the Lounge & a sofa. Fortunately there were 2 more! We stopped & kissed just inside the door, properly this time. He was very nervous, trembling so I put my hand behind his head & drew it towards me, taking the initiative, kissing deeply & introducing him to my tongue. I took one of his hands & placed it firmly on my tits.
"You can have them."
He smiled shyly.
"You can have me, all of me."
It was meant to reassure him but seemed to have the opposite effect. I took his arm, draped it over my shoulder down to my tit as we followed at a more sedate pace. He was so lovely in his shyness that I certainly was warming to him. By the time we got into the room they were at it in every sense of the words.
We settled on the sofa opposite, my head on his lap looking up & smiling, deliberately taking his hand again & placing it back on my tits.
"Any do's & don't's?"
Nice to be asked & get it off on the right foot. I thought for a while & decided it is my body so I will get what ever I want.
"Not at the moment but I will let you know if something crops up down the track."
Hooking my hand behind his neck & dragging him down so I could kiss him firmly & deeply. He was still hesitating so I pulled out the neck of my dress & stuffed his hand inside. That got a very big smile. Opposite good progress was being made, her top had gone & he was burrowing into her tits. She was giggling with delight, frequent looks being cast in our direction to report progress to him I imagined.
"Can I ask something?"
"Yes, of course."
"I love seeing Brett giving it to a woman, or should I say seeing her getting it from him, watching him pushing his cock right up inside her."
"Snap!"
"You too?"
"I love seeing Gabrielle with another man. In fact I would be perfectly content with just that."
"So I'm going to miss out?"
He laughed.
"I don't think so. Unless ... "
"Not a chance! I'm going to give it to you, whether you want it or not!"
The look on his face was wonderful. He had been insecure about something & I just put his mind a rest. I smiled.
"You in a hurry?"
"No, not really."
"So what say we just watch for a while?"
"Sounds good to me."
It was nice. We kissed, I let him undress me, not that there was much to take off & he played while we watched.
It was much better this time. I hadn't really seen him at the party. I had seen him with women but not really to watch him in action with them being in such demand & I was too. There had only really been Jeanette & I couldn't recall it in much detail. Firstly there had been the shock of the ambush & by the time I had got used to what was happening, I hadn't really had time to take it all in, then we spent the rest of the night on our backs, side by side, which I loved, but got no chance to view. Yes, I had seen his cock in Jeanette, but it wasn't like this. Whether being younger or not I'm not sure but they looked more attractive together, much better suited & he appeared to be more at ease with her. She was talking to him, giving encouragement, not that I heard it all, boosting his self esteem while gentling guiding him towards her goal. We watched their long foreplay, he going down on her & she going down on him, now they were getting themselves ready for penetration, her knees right up to her tits & we could see her vagina lips as he lined up & began stabbing.
"Why doesn't he just shove it in?"
"He does it with me, lets it find its own way. It can take several attempts sometimes but I like that."
He found her opening & her labia swelled up, peeling aside to let him pass.
"Like that?"
"Mm!"
We watched for a minute or 2 as he plundered her depths.
He wasn't, 'in the saddle', as he always calls it with me, for very long before she moved on top. 'Lucky Girl' I thought, I don't get that chance very often & I love being up there. 'Thing are going to change' I said to myself, this new life is going to open up all sorts of new possibilities. They didn't stop there, it was like an animated marriage manual, doggy, from behind, on her side while he straddled her thigh, all of my favourites which I don't get the chance very often. I could see his cock pushing between her lips, swelling & paring them back like an open wound as he violated her body. He is stroking deeply, as far as their bodies will let him, then withdraws, too far sometime so the head of his cock appears dangling above her hole before stabbing her vagina again. He does that to me sometimes & I love it so know exactly how she is feeling. After just fucking around with her he began a build up, what he does with me & I could see her positioning, getting ready for what was to come. The tempo rose & she began looking across at Simon, Brett's progress showing in her face as she rose to a climax. Watching her was a joy. She was looking around all 3 of us doing her best to share her special moment. As it passed he slowed, settling in to his long stroke rhythm again. Simon looked at me & smiled.
"I love seeing her getting done over."
I could tell he did.
"Okay, I'm ready to be fucked now. Am I wet?"
I heard him squelching & just knew how wet I had become.
"Is the Pope a Catholic?"
"Thought so."
"Do you want me to let it find it's way?"
"I just want you to fuck me. I like it but you can do what you want to, my vagina is your vagina until you are done with it & give it back."
The smile on his face & a twitch from his cock told me I had got to him. He would have been able to see my entrance but kept stabbing playful until he'd had found his mark.
"Oh yeah!"
"Like that do you?"
"That first stroke? It is one of the best bits."
"Is it?"
"Well it has been empty for a while."
That got a chuckle.
"You feel really nice inside me, quite big. I wondered what you would be like looking at the pictures of your hard cock but you are big enough to do me over too."
"Am I."
"You certainly are. Now let's show those 2 what a real fuck looks like."
His smile! It brought me out in goosebumps. Suspended above me, supported by his arms taking me in long deep strokes. I had my legs up, knees apart so only our loins are in contact. It was a wonderful, watching him move over me while feeling his cock moving inside me. He was smiling as if he had been looking forward to me. There were looks across to Gabrielle, her legs tucked right up with Brett taking his task very seriously. Gabrielle caught my eye too & we exchanged smiles.
He smiled down.
"Good?"
"Wonderful. I'm going to climax."
It was on its way.
"Are you?"
He seemed surprised but delighted too.
"Just keep fucking me the way you have been."
It did feel good, easily the best I have had since starting this lifestyle, apart from Brett of course. He was reach in deep, plumbing my depths & giving my cervix the odd nudge or 2. I was on my plateau, had been there for a while but was ready to make my final ascent. I cupped his face with my hand.
"Fuck me you lovely man."
His eyes shone.
"Now."
I said it softly, defying the turmoil in my body, just let him see it through the distortions of my face. He knew he was giving me bliss. I managed to raise myself enough to kiss his lips.
"Thank you. That was special & from a wonderful man."
I felt so tender towards him, so loving & even thought I have share my most intimate moment with him, I hardly knew him at all. Looking across it had been share with the other sofa too & they were all smiles.
We tried out all positions known to man & woman. At one stage I was leaning forward, supported by my hands on the coffee table looking straight at them while I was getting it from behind, deeply, taking turns to look them in the eye & show what it was doing to me. Gabrielle had a delighted look on her face, hands holding his bum as if to keep him inside her. He was watching me, a look of complete contentment. If I hadn't realised before, this was what he had intended for me, right from the start I imagine. The reputation I thought I didn't have had been my main attraction to him. He wants me to be the way I was, continue it in our marriage. It was just about he being with other women, my being with a lot of different men was just as important to him too. I climaxed, could have stopped it if I tried, not that I gave any thought to doing so. It seemed no time before her face took on all the contortions of Brett's success. We had a brief poignant moment between women, an understanding of each others fulfilment. Another arrive & for her too & again we were able to share our special moment.
I combed his hair from his face with my fingers.
"You have given me so much pleasure I don't know how to thank you except to say, it is your turn Simon, fuck me & let me feel your cum inside me."
Was that a hint of a tear? He started his ascent & I realised just how much he had been struggling to hold off, sacrifice himself for me. He got such a determined look on his face it was thrilling to see.
"Okay?"
"Don't concern yourself with me, you have already given me more than I'm entitled to. This is yours Simon, take me."
With that he changed gear & I saw what he was capable of thrashing my body with his cock, a wonderful sensation. The twitching began but he seemed to be restraining himself.
"Show me! Let me see you need."
That seemed to do it. His movement became so erratic that her lost his poise collapsing on to of me, grinding into my pelvis like a man possessed, thrusting, thrusting, thrusting.
I felt his discharge.
"Shoot, shoot in me."
It was a frenzy but I held him in place, then realised he had taken me with him.
"I am too. Keep going Simon, just a little bit longer."
It was only after calm descended on us that I looked across. They had stopped in their track staring. The look on her face! We hugged & watched Brett's finale, Gabrielle's legs pointing straight up in the air as he pounded her the way he pounds me. I was amazing to watch, knowing what she was going through. Her climax arrived early I suspect, trying for mutual timing but had to surrender to a greater will. That really got him going, crumpling her up against the sofa arm with his force, rolling her so her feet travelled over her heads & she was being drilled by an almost vertical bore.
"Yes! Yes!"
She joined in the excitement as he raised his head, face contorted & fill her void with every drop he could muster. Collapsing she was all over him, holding his face & kissing him all over his head.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!"
A calm descended on us all, smiles from us all for a job very well done. She found wet wipes & we swabbed out rewards away.
"Okay?"
I had to ask her.
"Amazing."
We all fell about laughing.
"Coffees?"
She took our orders
"Can I help?"
Big smile.
"Yes please."
I followed her out to the Kitchenette. When we got there I was kissed on the lips.
"Thank you."
"Me? What for?"
"Letting him do you."
I was astonished.
"I thought that's why I was here. I could just as easily thank you for letting me."
"Not all do, you know."
"What?"
"Let him."
"Don't they?"
"No."
"Why do they come?"
"For there husbands."
I must have looked confused.
"When we meet they are all friendly. Once we get back here he gets started with me & I let him do me but she mucks round & delays until he has come in me that's it."
"What do you mean?"
"One just said she wasn't in the mood so they got dressed & they went home. Another couple had a fight. She went on about him showing me more affection than him & stormed out, but I had let him too & he had came in me."
"Really?"
I must have had an incredulous look on my face.
"There can be a lot of trouble. Parties too. Mum has often had to throw couples out because they starting fighting. One got upset because all the men wanted his wife but none of the women wanted him."
When I thought about it I imagined it could happen.
"Couples with problems think swapping will fix their marriages but it usually make it worse. So thank you."
She kissed be again.
"You're welcome. Thank you for letting Brett too."
"No trouble. He was really good, one of the better ones I have had. After I saw his picture,"
of his cock no doubt,
"I just wanted him & couldn't wait for tonight."
"He wanted you too."
"Did he?"
"I had to hold him back. He would have been hours early if I had let him have his way."
"Really?"
"Yes really."
It was a little white lie really but didn't matter because he certainly had changed his mind & did now.
"You should have, we wouldn't have minded."
As we busied ourselves making the coffees I could feel her so close to me, brush her tits & rubbing up against, but that was as far as it went. When we had delivered the mugs I waited & she went straight back to Brett so I returned to Simon. They were effervescent, the pair of them & it seemed we had passed the test. Brett looked much happier than he had at any of the other encounters. She chatted away about more of their experiences & they certainly had a few, some good, but some not so good. It certainly was an eye opener & gave an entirely different perspective of the swinging world.
Simon had developed a fixation with my tits. Why? I am a 'D' but there are plenty of much bigger women out there, although I must admit I am very proud of them & do like their torpedo shape. He wanted to play so I stretched out, laying across his chest so he could reach over my shoulders & help himself to my body while listening to Gabrielle's tales as Brett attended to hers. I'd had my eyes closed, lapping up the attention in a dreamy state. Not that I hadn't enjoyed myself at the party, but this was what I had hoped it would be like, two on two & lots of TLC! It went quiet so I had a peep & there she was, head dropped down almost on her shoulder looking so sweet. I knew I wasn't going to be able to resist this. I hadn't noticed it but Simon had stopped his fondling & withdrawn his hands reading her so well. Her eyes said it, 'Please?' I sat up slowly. She took this as her cue, stood & sauntered over rolling her hips. It was the first time I had seen her fully naked. She stopped before me & held out her hands. I took them & she helped me stand. Our lips met.
It started as just a kiss but quickly escalated into a full scale snog & I loved it. If anything, it was better, a younger woman & even though she was shorter than me & had to kiss up, it did nothing to spoil the encounter. I even had a handful of her tit before she got mine. I had been so engrossed I hadn't noticed that the coffee table had been moved & replace by a thick sumptuous blanket which we gradually knelt on, still in contact as she rolled me onto my back & climbed aboard. It was easily the best sex I have ever had, the soft sweet charms of a woman's body leave men's for dead, not that I intend giving them up. We rolled & frolicked. She went down on me & I was rewarded with an orgasm the likes of which I have never experienced before. It wasn't the intensity so much, even though it was a particularly strong one, but rather the way it was created her tongue & lips know where & when & exactly what was needed. I hadn't had mouth contact with the vaginas at they party, they'd had me but I had no hesitation, no inhabitation in returning in kind, kissing, licking, sucking, having to cling to her writhing body to stay in contact until her moment passed. A long season of 69 followed, taking turns at being on top or below, I preferring the latter. I was amazing discovering what women can do to each other, only just missing out on a simultaneous orgasm, by moments, but shared a wonderful afterglow holding, hugging, kissing rolling together giggling in sheer joy. I hadn't been aware of Brett or Simon still on the respective sofas, just that they were there & hadn't missed a moment.
"Um ... I have to pee."
Gabrielle smiled.
"I do too so I'll show you."
"Brett usually comes with me, would you like to Simon?"
A look of horror spread across her face, but not Simon's.
"Yes please."
She was in a dither.
"This way."
Whether she had expected them to not follow I'm not sure, but she was out of luck. We all followed her down to their bathroom. She opened the door & turned on the light, stepping back as if she wanted no more to do with it. I crossed & sat on the Toilet. Brett came in & took up a good vantage point while Simon wasn't quite so bold.
"It's alright. You won't be able to see very well from there. Come closer."
He did. I opened wide as usual & it began. Both pairs of eyes were fixed on me, but in the background by the door there was another observer & I had deliberately positioned myself for her benefit too. I made quite a performance of wiping after much to Simon's delight.
"Gabrielle?"
"No, I'm okay now."
"You want to go?"
Brett.
"Might as well while we are here."
He crossed & I bent over on the side away from them so they could both see me hold his cock & directing it round the bowl.
"Simon?"
A huge grin flashed on his face. I held him & he peed, pointing it all round the bowl just as I had with Brett, much to his amusement, tearing off some paper to dab the droplets from his slit.
"There, that's much better
I washed my hands & we headed back down the passage. Behind us there was a whispered conversation, Gabrielle disappeared & the door pulled to. We sat & waited & soon they appeared together.
"Sorry about that?"
"It's okay."
We returned to the blanket & were laid out & positioned side by side as I had been with Jeanette, but this was better, holding hands & lifting out knees. Simon was an intuitive lover moving across my body & working my vagina. Over an hour! I could hardly believe it, slowing & changing his rhythm to stave off his ejaculation while keeping me on the boil the entire time. Gabrielle was fun, good at having orgasms which we shared, squeezing hands or touching each others faces, smiling & quietly cheering on, taking our turns to climax so it could be watched, even craning our neck to kiss without upsetting the boys who seemed just as involve with out intimacy as we were. Brett came first as she lifted her legs, hooking them around his backside, wrapping her arms over his back as the moved together as one. It was such a thrilling sight, leading to our build up & I did the same, like a ball, every part of us which could be in contact was. I climaxed again just before him making me feel more complete than I ever had before.
The after glow was to die for, beaming down at me in total adoration as his seed trickle down my perineum. I looked over a Gabrielle & could see she felt the same. Eventually they rolled off, cuddling in behind, while we turned to face each other. We talking & laughed, such a magic time. I lifted to kiss Brett as well as Gabrielle while she kissed me & Simon over the top. It was probably that time, the half hour we spent after coitus that sealed it for me finally. I was determined to see nothing would get in the way, spoil any further encounters we might have with them or anyone else. Even wiping ourselves after became a side show as we chased every rivulet of sperm that had escaped & there was lots & lots of it, spread out as they joining in & pointing out where we had missed as we laughed at the joy of it, kissing along the way. Finally they got up & change places so the normal order was reinstated. I sat facing them, knees up so my vagina was on show & they were looking. She moved doing the same for our benefit too.
It had been a very good night for them. After hearing of the experiences nights like this were to be cherished. Brett looked smug, the cat that got the cream & I was pleased for him. This had restored confidence in himself & the lifestyle, something I hadn't realised was so important this evening. We all seemed to be lost in thought until Gabrielle spoke.
"Can we see you again?"
All eyes were on me as if I was the only one who needed convincing. I am quite happy to see them again, having enjoyed both of their bodies equally, something I never would have expected. There was a long silence & I guessed they were waiting to hear from me.
"Yes, I would like that."
Their faces lit up, all smiles, no more than Gabrielle who beamed & beamed at me.
"This afternoon?"
It had passed midnight.
"Mum will look after Sophie for us."
"Maybe not, I've things to do."
All 3 faces dropped.
"Are you doing anything next Saturday?"
I took my time again & you could hear a pin drop as they had all slid to the front edge of their seats, hanging out to hear my reply.
"I don't know about you Darling?"
Brett was busting! 'Say yes, Say yes!' I could see his face saying.
"I don't mind."
'Don't mind' he was busting his nuts to empty them in Gabrielle again.
"Yes."
There was a mighty expulsion of air from them all making me smile to myself.
"Could we invite some friends over to meet you?"
It was said very tentatively. Again, all eyes were on me.
"I suppose so."
"How many?"
After much discussion we agreed, us 2 & 6 more so long as they were about our age.
"Can I ask Mum & Dad? They always like to meet our new friends? You have met Mum but I know Dad wants to met you, I showed him your vagina & he loved it."
There wasn't much I could say. If the others have met them then I guessed we should, even though they were older. At least they would be the only ones.
"You can come here again if you prefer, we don't mind, do we Sweetheart?"
I think she would have done anything to have us again. I didn't want them home, still too early, even though our place is a lot bigger so there would be more room for the extra couples. How they were going to cope with us all I didn't know, but it was their suggestion.
"We're fine coming here, aren't we Darling."
I could see he was thinking the same as me, it was only a small flat, but then it was bound to have Bedrooms. Mattress pads?
"Thank you for what has been a super night. Who would have thought when we were talking at the Tavern that it would end up like this."
Simon summed it up for us all, me certainly as we dressed & headed to the door. Kissing Simon was nice, but no comparison to kissing Gabrielle. I would have been content to just have another round with just the 2 of them, start earlier & spend more time together, especially with her. They were reluctant to let us go, she held my hand as it stretched right out & our contact was finally broken. Brett put his hand on my shoulder as we walked to the car.
"I think she wanted us to spend the night."
"I'm sure she did."
"What do you think?"
"About this evening?"
"Yes."
"I liked it. They are younger, which helps & I prefer the one on one. I enjoyed the party, but I don't think I need a dozen different men in one night."
"I agree."
We drove slowly home, no panties on & everything showing. The temptation to abandon our journey & go back was enormous but we would be seeing them again so it could wait.
"What got into you two."
I found my self blushing, just as well it was dark & I couldn't be seen.
"Just being girls I suppose. I didn't know I would enjoy it so much."
"You went down on her."
"SO! You go down on me."
"That's different."
"Why. I do know what girls taste like, what I taste like from when you have been down on me & we kiss after. I knew long before that, licking my fingers after I had touched myself."
"Do you?"
"I have, yes, in the past. Many times."
He looked horrified.
"Why don't you see if some of the boys want to play."
"With me?"
"Why not, we girls are allowed so why not the boys. I'd like to see you with a boy, could be fun."
I didn't pursue it any further & we travelled the rest of the way in silence.
I showered when we got in which turned out to be a complete waste of water because he was up & ready by the time I climbed into bed. I recalled what Jeanette had said getting back together after & we hadn't had the chance at Gabrielle & Simon's so were making up for it now & make up we did. The sex was as good as it ever has been, Brett was as much of an animal that he had ever been & lasted over an hour, hard sex, pounding me into the mattress which I loved every moment of, reeling off 3 more climaxes setting new records the likes of which I had never imagined. He exploded inside me before collapsing on top & when I woke a couple of hours later was still there & I had to heave him off.