**This story has bi male and bi female swinging involved. If these kinds of things aren't for you then please don't read the story. This is based on a true story, but the names of everyone have been changed to protect the guilty.
*****
Yes, I'm one of those guys that you read about all over the internet. I'm a near middle aged man who is married to a wife that has no interest in sex. I still have a sex drive that is firing on all cylinders which often causes conflicts. For years I have attempted to just deal with the lack of sex. Eventually I turned to porn and web sites with sex stories. That seemed to do the job for a while, but the more I read and watched the more I wanted an experience. So I searched the postings on Craigslist a few times for local women never finding the right fit or even a real woman. One day when I was exceptionally horny and watching porn I started to look at the guy a little closer and found myself aroused by his cock. That is how my journey to being bisexual began.
Fast forward a year later and I've had a few experiences with a number of different men. Most of them were me seeking a cock to suck, leading to me finding a guy to take my anal cherry, followed by full swaps with a number of different men including being a gay couple's play thing a few times. (But that is a story for another day)
That leads me to this story. I had always been interested in swinging and swingers. I wanted to get an experience with a male/female bi couple and continued to search for that experience. One day on a swinger's web site I was contacted by a bi couple and we began to talk. Over a couple months we'd talked on the phone, exchanged pictures, and tried to set up a few play dates, but things never seemed to mesh. Then one day they revealed to me that they were members of a swinger's nudist camp in a nearby state and they wanted me to meet them there.
So I worked on figuring out how to make that happen. I'd always been interested in public nudity, I've wanted to find a bi couple to swing with, and I wanted to see how others were in that environment so I knew this was the opportunity I was looking to have. I created a whole story for my wife to allow me to get away for the weekend without her getting suspicious.
Saturday morning I take off for the 4 hour drive. I got up at 6am and got in the shower to be as fresh and clean as I could when I got there. I also shaved all the hair from my cock and balls as John and Sara told me this is what everyone in their community does. I leave by 7am so I can get the most time there that I could. Drive goes pretty well, and other than being filled with anticipation there wasn't anything eventful to the trip. As I thought about what was upcoming my cock often got hard. I did my best to just focus on the drive and keep by cock from making me daydream too much.
As I had previously arranged with John, I texted him when I got off the highway and was about 15 minutes away. I followed the directions and made it to the camp and met John and Sara at the front gate. They were clothed and on a golf cart and looked just like their PG rated pictures. They got me through the gate and had me follow them to the office to get me all signed in and paid for since there was a visitor's fee. As we drove from the office to their camper I found nude person after nude person of all shapes and sizes. At first it excited me, but after a few minutes it was almost a normal thing. They showed me where to park and then I got my stuff and went inside the camper.
We sat and talked for a while since this was the first time we got together in person. Then John left with their dog to go walk her. That was when Sara made her move and we started to make out. I had my hands all over her and quickly found that she had nothing on under her summer dress. She found that I was game for the fun and quickly had me stand up and took off my shorts and underwear and out popped my already rock hard cock. Her mouth was watering and she got on her knees and had my cock in her mouth in no time. As her head is bobbing back and forth over my cock she is also stripping off her dress and is fully nude. I took my shirt off since it was all I had left on and just enjoyed standing there with my cock in her mouth.
At about that time I hear John pull back up in their golf cart with the dog. He ties her up outside and opens the door. John mentions that he figured she couldn't wait and he strips off his shorts and gets out his cock and offers it to Sara. So she starts to switch back and forth from cock to cock. John and I look at one another and begin to make out. I start to feel his chest and find that his nipples are rock hard. He then breaks away from my lips at the at a point when Sara starts sucking on my balls and he kneels down and quickly puts my cock in his mouth. After a few minutes of getting both of their attention and them switching from my balls to my cock Sara stands up and makes out with me some more. I instantly put my fingers in her soaked pussy while my other hand finds an extremely hard nipple.
John is deep throating my cock while I have 3 fingers in his wife's pussy and am playing with her tits. Sara pulls my hand out of her pussy and makes me taste her on my fingers which I gladly do. She gets a huge smile on her face and then lies down on the couch. She pushes John off my cock and pulls it towards her mouth as she tells John she needs attention. John moves a little bit and then dives in with his mouth quickly connecting with her pussy while his thumb finds its way into my ass. That and Sara's deep throat technique are too much and I dump a 2 week's load of cum down her throat. She swallows as much of it as she can but it's dribbling down her chin. John knows what has happened and decides to replace his mouth with his cock. So he plows away at Sara's pussy while his mouth goes to hers and they share my cum. Sara explodes in an orgasm which puts John over the edge and he cums inside her. They quickly get in a 69 and clean each other off. I'm just standing there spent and watching them in all their glory.
After a few minutes they both must have found that they were cleaned off and decide to come up for air. John walks over to the kitchen area and asks if I need a drink. I definitely did, so he starts mixing some kind of very strong alcoholic drinks. We all stay nude and drink for a bit. Then they show me around the camper both inside and out. I get introduced to their neighbors who include a former female stripper next door who has huge tits and a great looking ass and also a couple across the street who are already completely toasted from a bunch of beer. Both are very good looking and I feel a little out of place though no one seemed to mind. John then suggested they give me a tour of the community so we all get on the golf cart. John and I stay nude while Sara puts on a cover-up. Since the cart is only made for two people Sara sits on my lap and I have my cock between her ass cheeks as we drive around.
We stop a few times on the tour to meet people that they know very well. Most of the men are fully nude while a few wear only shorts, and most of the women have either a brief cover-up on or only have shorts on and are allowing their tits to enjoy the nice warm day. Everyone seems to hug one another when they see each other and almost everyone cops a feel of each other as well. One woman in particular gets a nice feel of my cock and balls so I licked her nipple just for fun. John noticed and says that I'm already fitting in pretty well.
I get a pretty good lay of the land on the trip around the camp ground. We check out the pool area, and a few of the hot spots for the night time events which I've only heard a little about to this point. (They didn't want to spoil the surprise.) Then on the way back to their camper they decide to show me another surprise. On a dead end street there is an area called Fantasyville set up. It's a tented area that has a see through zippered screen on the outside and a bunch of sex equipment inside. We look around there but Sara said that since the campground isn't normally bi friendly when it comes to males she'd rather go back to their camper and fool around there. Since both John and I are already sporting hardons we allow Sara to lead us by our cocks back to the golfcart and drive off back to their camper, though not without her inserting my cock into her pussy as we drive along.
We arrive back at their camper and Sara guides us quickly to the bedroom. She lays me down and goes to work on sucking my cock. John gets behind her and just plows into her pussy until she decides that she wants me inside her instead. She mounts my cock while John comes up beside me and puts his cock in my mouth. They are making out while my cock is in Sara and his cock is in my mouth. Then Sara breaks their kiss and comes down and kisses me and shares John's cock with me. As she is kissing me at one point John pulls away and gets up behind Sara. He lines his cock up along mine in her pussy as she goes crazy with both our cocks in her at the same time. All of the friction is driving me wild, but thanks to the earlier events I'm not close to cumming just yet. Sara gets tired and gets off of me saying she needs a quick break. So John and I look at each other and get into a 69 right next to her on the bed side by side with my ass towards her face. John is a world class cock sucker and has my whole cock in his mouth while I am giving him the same treatment.
I get a surprise after a few minutes when Sara's tongue finds my ass. This has my engine roaring a bit more and I'm thinking I might cum soon. John pulls away and says he needs a drink. Sara tells me to get up a second and when I do she lies down. She tells me she wants me to fuck her hard. Who am I to say no? So I stick my cock in her pussy full tilt and start going at her hard as she keeps asking for it harder. John comes back with a drink and puts it on the table and sticks his cock in Sara's mouth as he begins really pulling on her nipples. She starts to cum which causes John to come down her throat. Seeing them both cum while they both start to pull on my nipples makes me shoot cum all over the inside of her pussy. John doesn't miss a beat and he pulls my cock out of Sara's pussy and starts to suck off all our combined juices. After he feels that I'm nice and clean he goes and gets every drop he can from Sara's pussy while I nibble on her nipples. Sara quickly gains momentum towards another orgasm which happens after only a few minutes. John cleans up that juice and we all just rest there together on the bed for a while.
I have no idea how much time has passed, but after some time we decide that we need some more fluids. So drinks are refilled and we're all feeling the buzz. We figure that a good way to cool down will be to take a dip in the pool, the only area of the camp ground that nudity is required. So we put sun tan lotion all over each other, put a few drinks in a cooler, grab some towels and head for the pool. As we arrive a few of John and Sara's friends are already there so I get introduced. Everyone was great and very social, especially considering we'd never met. We then it down on some chairs and lay out for a bit while enjoying the sun and the drinks. At about the same time we all decide it's time to cool off. So we go and fool around in the pool for a little bit.
As we're in the pool a woman and what I found out was her husband show up to the pool area. They were in their early 20's and were by far the most fit people I'd ever seen naked. They were both completely shaved and her pussy looked delectable. His cock and balls were quite enticing as well. They both hung out enjoying the sun and I just waited for a time to meet them. John and Sara also noticed the couple and mentioned that they'd never seen them before but welcomed me to "make a run at them". When the couple finally decided to take a dip in the pool I made sure to talk to them. They introduced themselves as Dan and Heather and were very intriguing people. Heather was extremely flirty and allowed me to get a feel of her pussy and ass and Dan didn't seem to mind however it didn't seem like he wanted to play with me but instead to watch his wife enjoy. Heather suggested that the three of us go visit Fantasyville as she wanted to have some fun. So as we made our way over there Heather explained that Dan just liked to watch her have fun. I told Heather that I really wanted a taste of her pussy and she approved. So I got her up onto one of the tables and went to work on her wonderful pussy. Heather must have orgasmed 3-4 times in the time I was enjoying eating her luscious and extremely wet cunt. As she reached her last orgasm it was obvious that Dan wanted a turn. So I told him to have fun and that I was going to take off as I had decided that I didn't want to fuck her at that point as my cock was a little sore from the two times I'd already played earlier with Sara and John. I told Dan to give it to Heather good and that I'd see them later to continue the fun. They agreed and thanked me before really going to town on one another. As I walked back towards the pool I could hear both of them screaming out their orgasms.
When I got back to the pool John and Sara asked me for details, which I gave. We toasted to fun times and eventually ended up back in the pool. A couple came by looking for others to play volleyball so we got out of the pool and talked with them for a bit. They were an attractive couple probably in their 40s. Both had complete tans and were very flirty people. Steve was the guy and he is a doctor in a town about 2 hours away and his wife Susan is a HR manager at a company in the same town. It was obvious when they greeted us that Susan was bi as her greeting of Sara involved a 3-4 minute make out session right there outside the pool and involved pussies grinding against one another. The rest of us just talked like it was a normal thing. Eventually the ladies broke off the kiss and Susan greeted me by giving me a long kiss and her tugging on my quickly hardening cock. She whispered in my ear to save her a dance later and they left looking for others to play volleyball with.
John suggested that it was time to go back to the camper. So we cleaned up our area and piled back in the golf cart. Sara put her coverup back on but I quickly had one side of it down and had her tit in my mouth on the way back. Back at the camper we decided to refuel with some more alcohol and some food. John grilled some steaks and asparagus while Sara prepared a salad and brought the food outside to the picnic table. The stripper neighbor Beth was cleaning up her backyard area and was invited over for dinner. She accepted and while we ate the three of them talked about things that have been going on in the community lately, what was happening tonight at the dance, and about the BDSM event coming up in a few weeks where Beth was going to be tied to a Saint Andrew's Cross to make money for some charity the community supported. As dinner ended Beth thanked us for dinner, kissed me full on the lips and said she'd see me later at the dance then went to get ready.
John, Sara, and myself enjoyed some time outside just relaxing outside after eating. We talked and enjoyed each other's company for a while. Sara decided that it was time for the fun to start again. She stripped off her cover up and got on the hood of the golf cart and spread her legs facing the two of us at the picnic table. She began to play with herself right there on the golf cart. She was sloshing around in her pussy pretty well when suddenly she looks at both of us and our hardons and smiles, sucks on her fingers and asks us to come inside. We both get up and follow her right away.
Sara lies down in the bedroom in the middle of the bed and starts playing with herself again. She tells John and me to get on each side of her head on our knees. She then tells us to grab each other's cock and get to work. So we're wanking each other while her mouth is awaiting our cocks while she's playing with her cunt. After a few minutes she moves her hands up and they are completely soaked and moves them up to our mouths. After we clean them off she grabs our cocks and puts them together and rubs them together while alternating sucking our balls. John starts to kiss me which I reciprocate right away. My hand goes straight for Sara's pussy and finds that John had the same idea. Sara stops rubbing our cocks together and screams for John to get down there and fill her pussy. He wastes no time and maneuvers his body down so he can line his cock up to her pussy. He then starts pounding her and she grabs my balls and puts my cock in her mouth again. Her other hand reaches behind and starts probing my anus. I have no idea how much time passes but John eventually must get tired and rolls off Sara who tells me to replace him. So I get my cock down there and start nailing her as hard as I can.
I'm going at her so hard I don't realize that John isn't next to us anymore. I feel a hand on my back and next thing I feel is a lubed finger going into my ass. The hand on my back has me stopped and Sara is recovering her breath while I feel the weight of the bed start to shift and John is getting behind us. Next I feel the head of his cock at my ass. He gently pushes it forward and I take that cue and push back towards his cock to get more of it in. He thrusts forward so hard that Sara feels me thrusting into her. I feel John pull back a bit and so I push back into him then thrust forward into Sara. I'm loving the feel of John's cock in my ass but it's also making me closer to cumming in Sara's cunt. I probably only last a few minutes as when I can't hold off any longer and I shoot cum inside Sara's throbbing pussy which pushes her over the edge. And while cumming I must have clenched down with my ass muscles on John's cock as he starts to load my ass with cum. As soon as I think he's done I pull out of Sara and get John's cock dislodged from my ass and roll beside Sara on the bed. Two seconds later she rolls me on my side and starts licking my anus to get all of John's cum. John comes to the other side and kneels on the floor and cleans my cock for me. When he thinks I'm clean enough he goes to Sara's pussy and moves her into a 69 position and they both clean each other up. I just lie there and watch as I can't move.
We must have dozed off for a while after that, or at least I did. I don't know how long it was but I am awoken by a slap on my ass. John throws a damp wash cloth at my face and tells me that I need to get cleaned up and ready for the dance. They had told me to bring a "special pair of boxers" for the dance which I did. I had a pair of black silk boxers and was told to put on a shirt. We all drank a few more drinks of whatever John had mixed up and then loaded up the cooler again for the dance.
Thirty minutes later after Sara was all dolled up in a very hot little outfit we were on our way to the dance. Again John drove the golf cart while Sara was on my lap. We were all pretty hammered at this point and my fingers were playing with her anus the whole time. As we arrive at the clubhouse I noticed that it was already pretty full of people. John put our cooler down on a table and then they showed me around a bit. There was a bar area with free shots, then a dance floor, dj booth, etc. I really think they just wanted to show off to everyone else that they had a 3rd wheel as they made it obvious why I was there when Sara was pretty much jacking my cock in front of everyone as we walked around with her hand in my boxers the whole time.
They had only one rule; the first and last dances of the night were theirs. I told them to enjoy and that I'd be just fine. I got a beer out and drank it but I wasn't alone very long. An older lady named Ruth came up to me. She was dressed in white panties and a white slip like top. I'd briefly met her at the pool and knew she looked pretty good for a lady in her 60s. She asked me to dance which I accepted. We talked the entire dance with her asking me lots of questions about how I enjoyed the place so far, how she liked my look when we met at the pool, etc. We both took a few chances to feel each other here and there. As the song ended Ruth gave me a nice French kiss and said that she'd back to me later. I went over to my drink as John and Sara came back. John then said he wanted to do some shots and asked if we wanted to as well. Sara said no, but I agreed to go along and we both did 2 shots of Tequila. They hit me right away as my head was starting to spin a bit. Sara came up and asked me to dance. I don't know if we'd call what we did dancing, more like grinding and it was noticed by a few other people, many doing the same things with their partners. At the end of the song John came up to me with 2 more shots which I downed. I then went back to our table and sat for a few songs and tried to collect my head.
After a quick run to the restroom I came back to the table and drank another beer while Sara and John were nowhere to be found. Again I wasn't alone for long as a lady named Amy introduced herself to me. She might have been 45 and had a larger frame, but wasn't fat at all. She was probably close to 6 foot tall and had a huge chest. She asked me to dance which I quickly obliged. We talked for a bit during the slow dance but then she started to get very forward. She had her hand in my boxers and was enjoying my cock. Her other hand was taking her tits out and she told me to play with her nipples. So, I took full advantage, even biting them from time to time. I put my hand up her dress as well and found a soaking wet pussy. We "danced" for 3-4 songs and eventually she came all over my hand while I was biting her nipple. I'm sure I would have cum if I hadn't had sex as much as I had earlier. Amy thanked me for the orgasm and went back to the guy she had come with (at least I was guessing) while I went back to my beer. John and Sara came back to get another drink and John and I went back to the bar and did a few more shots.
On our way back to the table Ruth asked me to dance again. So John and Sara went to the dance floor while I danced with Ruth. She whispered in my ear that she and her husband Mike wanted to take me down to fantasyville and were hoping I'd be willing to go. Not being one to turn down an adventure and being pretty much drunk I said yes. Mike drove the 3 of us to the tent while Ruth told me what she wanted. She wanted to use one of the chairs with the stirrups to sit on while I ate her pussy. She wanted to suck Mike while that was going on. I was game, so we got her panties off and I got down on my knees and got to work. I'd never touched a cunt that old before and yet there I was eating it for all I was worth. I can't tell you how long we went at it or how many orgasms she had but I do know that when Mike came we were done. Ruth said that it's the only way Mike can get off any more and she felt like my cock was going to be too big for her. I told Ruth that I really enjoyed it. She did ask if I needed a BJ but I passed on the offer as I knew I'd get another workout with John/Sara later. So we eventually gathered our wits and went back to the dance.
We got back to the dance and John and Sara looked at me with a pretty sly look on their face. Sara sked me if I still had bullets in the gun for her which I said yes. John laughed and asked me if I wanted another shot, which I took. I danced another song with Sara, and then she and John went back to the dance floor. I took the time to gather myself up a bit and drink another beer.
When they returned from dancing they asked if I was ready to go to the next event. One of the places we drove by when they showed me the grounds was called "The Lounge". Apparently there is a bit of an after party there when people wanted to do more than what the owners allowed during the dance. So, we got in the golf cart and drove over to the lounge. I stroked John's cock and Sara's pussy as we drove. We left the cooler in the cart and took off for the door. The "building" was pretty much see through, but it kept the bugs out. There were probably 30-35 people there already. One of the "bartenders" was providing shots off her tits. She would roll the alcohol down her breast and you'd open your mouth at the nipple and let all the drink flow into your mouth and then clean up her breast with your tongue. I took advantage and did 2 shots from each tit.
Most of the rest of the fun at the lounge was just talking and a hand job or something like that. That was until Steve and Susan showed up. Susan was in a dress that tied behind her neck and barely covered anything up front but her nipples. The bottom part showed off the tops of her ass cheeks. She was a walking wet dream. It was obvious that Steve was there to show off the wife. They got a few drinks, but that was when things got really interesting. Steve told Susan to sit up on the bar and spread her legs. He then offered her pussy to anyone who wanted a drink. One other guy beat me to the punch and he got his next shot dribbled all over her pussy which he drank down quickly. I was next and I got a shot but made sure to linger around there for a bit which was obvious she enjoyed. John was next and I don't even know if he got a shot but he got Susan off for sure. She was screaming. There was now a line of men and women ready to get their shots. Sara got one of Susan's tits out and was enveloping it. The bar tender lady (never got her name) had the other in her mouth and was mauling it. After a few minutes of that Steve laid Susan back on the bar and got two stools behind the bar and lined them up for his knees. He took off his boxers and got his cock out and shoved it down Susan's throat in one thrust. The pretense of the shots was done and guys/girls were just taking turns eating Susan's pussy. And both guys and girls are lining up at her mouth for service.
I take the opportunity to find the "bartender lady" and get her short shorts off and I stick my dick in her dripping snatch. Her tits are still out and they are bouncing all over the place. But she tells me to stop. She says that my cock is nice and wet and she wants it up her ass. So I sit on a bar stool and she faces away from me and lowers herself down on my cock. John sees this and comes over and puts his cock in her pussy. We both together use our upper body strength and bounce her up and down on our cocks. It doesn't take long and she has a mind blowing orgasm and passes out right on top of us, almost knocking John down. We check to make sure she's breathing. Sara sees us and must have been getting jealous as she grabs us both by the cock and says that it's time to go. We get our clothes quickly and are lead out by our cocks to the golf cart. John is sat in the driver's seat and I'm sat in the passenger. Sara sits with her ass on the hood and her mouth on my cock and her hand going to work on John's cock.
We arrive back at the camper and Sara leads us both by our cocks again into the bedroom. She lies down and John plows right into her soaked snatch. I decide to play around a bit and start putting fingers in her pussy and ass at the same time. They love the feeling of my fingers in her pussy as he's sliding in and out of it as it's stimulating both of them. As soon as I feel Sara orgasm I take my fingers from her ass and stick them in John's. That has him firing off inside her pussy. He must love the taste of his own cum as almost before he was done in her he goes down on her. But that left his cock hanging off the bed so I take full advantage by eventually moving him into position that I can get to it. Susan sees my cock unoccupied and maneuvers in order to take it in her mouth. So now all of us are performing oral on one another. When Sara comes up for air John moves down to my cock himself and has his cock over my mouth still. So I keep sucking even though he's pretty soft. They are both now sucking my cock. John then moves Sara out of the way and turns me so he can push my legs up into my chest and he licks my ass for everything he's worth. Sara comes around and straddles my face and I lick her as she helps hold my legs for John to have better access. He grabs a vibrating butt plug from the shelf and sticks it in my ass and lets my legs down. John decides it's time to get me off and envelops my whole cock again. It doesn't take long and I'm cumming down his throat. And once he has me cleaned off I pretty much passed out, and I'm assuming they did as well.
I awake at who knows when to the sound of slurping. I get up with a very foggy head and when my eyes adjust to being awake I see that it's light outside and that Sara is next to me on the bed giving John a blow job. John says good morning and mentions that this is part of their normal morning routine. Surprisingly my cock begins to harden. John notices right away and starts to stroke my cock. He gets me nice and hard and starts actually pulling my cock towards his mouth. So I adjust myself so that I'm kneeling on the bed right next to his head. He gets as much of my cock into his mouth as he can take at this angle. Apparently this is enough to get Sara rolling as she stops sucking John's cock and practically jumps on it as her pussy takes the whole thing in right away. She is going to town playing with her pussy while fucking herself on John's cock while watching John suck my cock. She had to be pretty excited already as almost as soon as I grab the closest tit she starts a loud screaming orgasm.
John stops sucking my cock and pretty much flips Sara over on the bed while pulling himself out of her. He positions them into a 69 and tells me to start in on Sara's moist cunt. Who am I to say no? I get down there and do my best to get my cock inside of her while John is also sucking in her moisture. The positioning is proving to be difficult, but I figure this got my cock wet enough, so I pull out of Sara and move to the other end of the bed. John's ass is up in the air so I position the head of my cock at his anus and start to push. He raises his head but all I hear is his moaning. So I push forward more and more until the whole thing is inside. And as I start to back in and out harder and harder I hear John really starting to groan. As I'm starting to near an orgasm I feel a hand tugging on my balls while another hand is making its way to my anus. A finger slips in and starts' doing it's best to piston in and out of me, which is enough to get me to cum in John's ass. At the same time it's obvious from the gripping of my cock along with the bellows I'm hearing that John is cumming down Sara's throat.
We're all pretty spent, sticky, sweaty, and hungry. John suggests that we hit the showers which both Sara and I quickly agree to. He had mentioned in our talks before I came to visit that there was an outdoor shower area and he and I both agreed that would be our shower spot while Sara said she was going to use the ladies indoor facilities. So we got on the golf cart and took off for the showers. We each did our own thing and I really enjoyed the freedom of showering outside. When we were all done we went back to the camper. They had purchased a coffee cake and some fruit for breakfast which we all shared and enjoyed while nude outside at the picnic table.
As we finished cleaning up breakfast John suggested another dip in the pool. Since none of us had anywhere to be (but also knew we weren't up for more play right that minute) the pool sounded like a great idea. We got our stuff together and piled back into the golf cart. We arrived at the pool and put our stuff down and all took a quick dip. We flirted a bunch and talked with a few other pool goers but everything at that point was pretty low key. After an hour we'd all had our fill of the heat and headed back to the camper.
On the way to the camper we noticed that something was going on down at Fantasyville as quite a few other golf carts were over there. So of course John took us down to see what was going on. A guy named Barry was there with John and Sara's neighbor, the former stripper named Mandy. She is strapped into some hanging gizmo that I hadn't seen when I was there yesterday. Her legs are spread wide open and Barry is feeding her the biggest cock I've ever seen in person, and probably larger than any I've even seen on a white guy in porn. (He has to be 65-70 years old.) Mandy was taking this like a pro and John is giving her what I found out was 11 inches of thick wood in and out faster than you'd think a guy his age could do it. She's screaming and quite a crowd is there watching. Many of those watching are also in the tent doing things on their own. There is one older lady sitting in the same seat Sara was in yesterday and with another woman eating her out. There is another with a woman getting plowed by another guy. And on the other side is a man tied to a table that is inclined and a woman is pushing her cunt against his cock while sucking off another guy standing at her head.
Unfortunately there wasn't much room left in the tent, so we decided to go back to the camper. Sara practically pushed me down on the bed and started to suck my cock the second we got back. John just stood there watching and jacking his own cock. When Sara felt that I was hard enough she got on my cock and told John to pick a hole for his cock. He apparently felt like her ass needed filled as he lubed his cock we both felt him enter her anus. I could feel him build up momentum in her ass while she tried to gyrate on my cock. He was giving it to Sara pretty good. We went at that for quite some time but I never felt like I was going to cum. John didn't cum in that position either so we rotated. Sara had John lay down and she took his cock fully into her throat, while John asked me to allow him to suck my cock which I had no problems doing.
Sara then told me she wanted me to sit on John's cock while she sucked his balls. I had no problem with this and got in the correct position. John stroked my cock while his cock was filling my rectum. As I started to get close to cumming thanks to John's expert stroking I clenched down pretty hard on John's cock and that was enough to make him erupt. Feeling his cum empty into my ass made me cum all over John's stomach. I caught my breath for a minute and I felt John's cock start to deflate as it popped out. Sara took John's cock into her mouth and cleaned him off. She then worked on catching all the dripping cum from my ass and licked out anything that was trying to stay. John was scooping up all the cum from his stomach and was eating it all from his hands. I rolled off of John and lay next to them on the bed and was drifting in and out of consciousness.
I'm not sure how much time passed but after I woke up again I noted that I was alone in the bed. So I got up and found Sara in the kitchen preparing some food for lunch. John was outside grilling. Sara asked me if I wanted a drink, but I just asked for water which she provided. I helped her carry out some food and drinks and we waited on the grilling to be done. We chit chatted a bit and watched the nude world go by. It was pretty obvious that we were all pretty spent.
After eating we all went back to the showers where we all three of us used the outdoor showers, all helping one another lather up. A few people walked by while we were playing and smiled, but nothing more than that happened. Eventually we ended the fun and went back to the camper. I started to pack up my belongings and start to put on my clothes for the journey home. As I was going to say goodbye to Sara she comes up to me and gives me a huge kiss. But as that is happening John comes up behind me and unbuttons my fly and pulls out my cock. Sara stops kissing me and then smiles and goes to her knees. John kisses me from behind and then smiles as well. He goes down to his knees and then they both begin sucking my cock and playing with my balls. My cock somehow starts to get hard again. They play around with me for at least 10 minutes, but I never get close to cumming, I'm pretty dried up at that point. Eventually they come up for air and then both come up and kiss me together. They then allow me to put my quickly softening and very sore cock away and we all say goodbye. John puts my stuff in the golf cart and drives me to my car, helps me load up the car and then shakes my hand and we say goodbye. We both thank each other for a great weekend and talk of getting together again soon. But that is another story for another day.