CHAPTER 19 - Part Two of Fantasy Fest
The next morning the Karen was up bright and early, around 10:30, the other two sleeping off the drinking from last night. Karen Ordered room service, coffee, and bloody Mary's, telling Gina and Nikki breakfast was on the way up, they better get out of bed and get dressed.
She stood looking out the balcony window checking her emails and share a few pictures and videos with the husbands from the night before. She saw an email from an unknown contact and started to delete it then remembered she had shared her info with Roy. She opened it to find an invitation to a shared Drop Box drive folder.
Following the link, she found all Roy's photos and videos from the night before, several of herself appeared that she didn't recall and were a bit out of character for her. She could feel her face blushing as she moved through them. Then realized the moist feeling between her legs realizing it was exciting her seeing her exposing herself.
The three of them had shared the king size bed, Karen still trying to remember last night having woke up naked in bed like Gina and Nikki.
When the knock came, she told them, "y'all at least cover up, cause I need my coffee!"
Neither one moved, Nikki laying on her back closest to the door the sheet across her waist, Gina on the other side face down completely uncovered her hard round ass exposed and her left foot against her inside knee showing off the rest of her.
There was another knock, "damn it you two!" Karen slipped on a loose-fitting bikini cover with wide open sides. She opened the door letting the room service guy in, "Sorry, don't mind them, it was a wild night last night! No, I mean, drinking, on Duval, that was wild we didn't, hell I don't know. Just put the tray on the table please."
He just carried the tray over, looking back and forth at the two naked women in the bed and watching where he was stepping.
He pauses when he got to the point where he had a view between Gina's thighs, "Oh dear, I mean, wow sorry I couldn't help but look!"
"It's ok? She's been showing that stuff off since yesterday morning. Feel free!"
He walked to the table setting the tray down handing Karen the receipt. She leaned over the table to sign it and leave a tip, when she looked up, she saw the young guy was looking down her top at her bare boobs. She just giggled, "hope that's a good tip you got!"
"Best in a while!" He smiled at her, checking out Gina and Nikki again as he headed out the door.
Gina rolled over smiling, "Did you just let that guy stare at my pussy?"
"I told you two to get up!" She went and poured her coffee.
She swung her legs around and sat up holding her head. "Holy hell, why did you let me drink so much!" She got up and staggered to the bathroom, closing the door a bit loud.
"What the fuck!" Nikki opened her eyes, "what time is it?"
"Pool time," Karen replied.
Gina came out the bathroom grabbing one of the bloody Mary's. "This was an awesome
idea, I am going to the pool and jump in then lay out until lunch."
She pulled a wad of different colored string out of her bag, pulling the yellow ones out they were attached to tiny pieces of triangle shaped cloth.
Nikki asked, "we have to wear bikinis at the pool?"
"Those are bikinis?" Karen asked.
"Yeah, pick a color!" Gina told her as she struggled to tie the top in place. The patches of material almost big enough to cover her areoles.
Nikki reached out grabbing the red one on the way to the bathroom.
Karen stands there holding up the white one, "seriously?"
Gina rolls her eyes laughing at her, "You walked form the bar back to the hotel and through that lobby naked last night, through the crowds of people, and you are concerned with the little bikini? You did look pretty fucking awesome I might add!"
"Oh fuck, I am guessing y'all took pictures too?"
"Naaa, we got video silly!" Nikki laughed coming out of the bathroom. Chris and John loved it.
She just shook her head, pulled off her bikini cover and tied the little wicked weasel bikini in place. Her toned body looked even better in the tiny top and matching bottom barely covering her important assets.
They grabbed their drinks and headed to the pool that faced where the cruise ships tied up.
They passed through the lobby bare asses and jiggling tits with tiny patches covering their nipples. Again, the older women turning heads.
At the pool there were already several people taking in the sunshine, some ladies in just as skimpy attire. But not nearly as beautiful as the three of them, they not only have the bodies but the looks of younger woman as well.
Grabbing towels from the rack, they made their way to lounges overlooking the port and Gulf of Mexico. After making claims of their chairs with the towels, they dropped off their drinks and headed to the pool.
They all three just dropped in at the same time, coming up moving their hair from their faces. "Oh man that felt good!" Karen tells them.
Nikki winks at Gina, "yeah too bad to have to wear these bikinis." Getting the attention of several people nearby.
"Why do you two want to be naked all the time?" Karen asks, fixing her top that's much too small for even her firm boobs.
Nikki laughs, "it's my husbands and Gina's fault, he wanted to draw attention to my body, and now I love it!"
Gina giggles, "yeah cuz you are not really in your top anyway."
Nikki looks down seeing one of the triangles on the side of her big boob, making no attempt to fix it.
After splashing and swimming a bit, Karen made her way to the steps and got out heading to her lounge. Again, several people turned to watch her. She didn't realize until she sat down and starts to adjust her bikini that it had become completely see thru once it got wet. She was now showing off her soft lips and hard nipples like she was naked again.
"Gina you bitch!" She yelled, "you could have at least warned me."
She looked back to see the two of them walking up, they picked up their towels to dry their faces. Karen saw their bikinis were also sheer but the yellow and blue did provide a little coverage, unlike hers.
Although one of Nikki's nipples still free of the top, "you know, I walked through the lobby buck ass naked last night, fuck it!" She reaches back untiring her top and pulling it over her head. "It's fantasy Fest!"
A few others around the pool cheer in approval seeing her large breast now topless. Gina is quick to join her tossing her top on the table next to the lounge. "Anyone want another drink?" She heads to the bar as both girls tell her yes.
She proudly struts to the other side of the pool smiling at people as she passes them.
The bartender is quick to mix her drinks, keeping an eye of her firm bare boobs.
Returning, a busty older lady smiles at Gina, "Very nice my dear!" Giving her a wink.
They all made their selves comfortable and relaxed in the warm sun. All three of them a bit chesty. Karen still in her tiny top just shakes her head before closing her eyes to nap. Nikki sips her boat drink telling Gina, "I love being eye-candy here in Key West." They too relax closing their eyes under their sunglasses taking in the Florida Keys sunshine on their already tanned bodies.
After a few turns the ladies discuss heading up to shower and get ready to head out for an early dinner before the crowds invade Duval Street.
Gina tells the girls, "I have plans already for tonight's outfits, and everyone has to play," and looks at Karen, "that includes you too missy!"
Nikki finally said she is done and was heading up for a shower. She grabbed her lotion and top, telling Karen and Gina, "I'll meet you upstairs." She headed inside, looking back at the other two, carrying her top in her hand and the tiny bottoms still around her waist, smiling back at the girls and everyone else watching her jiggling bare ass.
It wasn't long before Gina and Karen called it a day also, Gina remaining topless as well entering the lobby headed to the elevator. "Hello Ms. Gina!" Carlos called out pushing a cart of luggage toward the elevator. "I have to say you three sure make my day!" His eyes dropping down to her bare breasts and tiny bottoms then back to her face.
He, like a gentleman, allowed them to enter the elevator first, so he could watch their naked asses.
She just giggles, "You just like my bare boobs!"
"Well yeah that too, I can't lie. All three of you have extreme beauty; faces and bodies."
He still stares at Gina's tits on the way up, he was mesmerized by their natural fullness and hard nipples, she smiled knowing it. She cut her eyes at Karen, "Here hold my top for me, Carlos needs a treat!" They both watched Gina as she pushed the thin string over her hips allowing the tiny bottoms to drop to the floor. She lifted them to her hand with her foot.
He just stared at her standing before him nude smiling at him. When the elevator dinged at their floor and the doors opened, Gina proudly just walked out and turned right, after they said their good-byes at Gina and Karen's floor.
They giggle still buzzing from the boat drinks they consumed earlier, walking to the room discussing the people ogling them all day and Gina just stripping for the bell boy.
It was getting near dinner time; Nikki was doing her make-up and Karen was in the shower. Gina asked Nikki, "You ready to walk the street naked tonight?"
With an evil grin Gina pulled a package from her bag, she ripped open the four pack of Fruit of the Loom white tank tops. "I brought these for just in case. But we are wearing them out tonight, for a bit so we can get ready for this evening!"
Karen comes out the bathroom wearing a towel around her, "what did you say about us wearing what tonight?"
Holding up a white tank top, Gina just tossed one to her, "these are going to be a bit snuggle and short don't you think?" Karen asks holding it up.
"Don't worry, you won't be wearing it long." Gina smiled at her.
"Um isn't it illegal to be naked, you know like we got away with late last night, we might not be as lucky tonight?"
Gina winks at her, "Oh don't fret, we will not be totally naked tonight, sorta!"
"Well I am starving, we didn't eat lunch," Nikki pulled the tank top on, and fill it out amazingly. Her dark nipples poking through the thin material while her ass is molded by the tight clinging over her rounded butt.
Nikki made hers look good but Karen's flawlessly body was unbelievable in the tank top, her long tanned legs the shirt stopping at the crease of her thighs and ass cheeks, with her firm round tits and tight ass it was hugging her body. She looked at herself in the big dresser mirror and couldn't believe she was looking at herself.
After leaving the hotel they headed a few blocks to grab a quick lunch at Island Dog bar around the corner from the resort. But the line was out the door and down the sidewalk. Gina suggested they just head to Capt. Tony's place where the painting booth was located.
Nikki being a bit of a Parrot Head and knew of the bar from the Live Jimmy Buffett album and wanted to visit the place anyway. They did swing into Sloppy Joes for a rum slushy drink on their way by.
Today seemed to be Karen's day, even though Gina and Nikki had bigger boobs, Karen just seemed to rock the plain sheer tank top better, and her being taller also made it shorter on her allowing ass cheeks to peek from the back. The material clung to her perfect youthful body like a second skin.
The three of them were again the object of voyeurs and amateur photographers, just not as demanding and frequent as the day before, could have been the lack of bare skin.
Just past Capt. Tony's on Greene St, the bike rental had been converted to body painting booth. With a small blue tarp to make an attempt to hide any nudity that people walking by might see.
They watched her finishing up a young lady's tits, painting lady bugs and leaves over her chest.
When she finished the three women chatted with Olivia, the artist, to discuss what they desired for painted coverings. Gina taking the lead telling her they all wanted minimal coverage, just tiny Wicked Weasel type what would be bikinis. Making sure she understood no paint on the back sides, they wanted everyone to know they were naked. Olivia suggested the latex blend, so the paint stayed on for the evening due to them wanting to not wear G-strings, nor did they have any. They agreed after Nikki suggested they could just wear the paint home tomorrow. Oliva smiled at her, "Y'all riding Harley's?"
Gina laughed, "Oh Lord that would be awesome, but no, just an open Jeep!" Giving her a wink.
Karen standing behind Nikki just listening and finishing her rum laden slushy.
Olivia suggested they hang out at Capt. Tony's while she finished up the two ladies ahead of them, telling them she will come get them when she is done.
It was only a drink and a half later when Olivia poked her head in telling them she was ready. Nikki volunteered to go first, the other two continued drinking at the bar to wait in the air conditioning.
Stepping behind the blue trap that served as a screen from onlookers, Nikki peeled the tank top over her head, then stepping up onto the foot high wood box. She stood there grinning with her hands on her head proudly showing off her naked body as the breeze would move the trap occasionally, flashing people on Greene Street.
Olivia went to work painting Nikki's small top and smaller bottoms outlining the design in white before adding the highlights and details to make it look real from a distance. She felt so exhilarated standing there nude with her hands on her head, and her long brunette hair pulled up into a bun to keep it out of the way.
Gina and Karen hanging out at Capt. Tony's doing shots and drinking frozen boat drinks while being chatted up by the guys, I don't think any of them could tell you the color of their eyes.
It didn't take long for Nikki to come through the open door in her painted bikini. The top consisting of two small white triangles with royal blue highlights, that really made the design pop and that barely covered her nipples. The would-be strings went up to behind her neck and her sides, same as the bottoms, they stopped at her sides.
The guys all stared watching her big boobs jiggling freely, her hard nipples poking out. As she got closer they realize her matching bottoms were paint as well. She did a turn when she got about 20 feet away, "Is this fucking crazy or what?"
"How about slutty!" Karen giggled. They chatted a bit and drank another round of shots before Karen told Gina to go next, she wanted to go last to maintain her modesty as long as possible.
Off Gina went leaving the now naked Nikki and Karen to drink and be ogled. The people in the bar commenting on Nikki's painted bikini and boldness. Karen pointed her phone at her to do a quick video with lots of partiers in the background to send to Chris, including a turn to show she was naked from the back.
While they laughed and giggled and made their video it was Gina's turn, Olivia greeted her asking if she wanted the same thing as Nikki. She told her yea but smaller bottoms, "like this low," pointing to the top of her slit.
"Girl that's not going to be much coverage down there," Olivia smiled at her, giving her a wink.
Gina then peeled off her tank top tossing it on top of Nikki's laying over a folding chair. "Oh my, young lady you have taken good care of what God gave you!"
Like Nikki she pulled her hair up out of Olivia's way so she could get busy as two younger couples looked on, the men asking about having their ladies' breasts painted.
One of the guys suggesting, "You two should do like this lady."
One of the women saying, "She is totally naked, and people would see us naked on the streets!"
Gina smiled at her, "And it's going to be fucking awesome, if you're going to show it show it all!"
They watched as she spread her feet a bit to give Olivia a little access, hitting her puffy lips with the cool white latex paint.
While Olivia continued to paint, Gina learned that she was actually living a little south of Miami and did a lot of fairs and festivals painting faces and sometimes parties for adults around where Gina was from. It didn't take long for her to finish up the side strings going high on her hips then stopping, just like her minimal top.
Gina did a turn for Olivia and the two couples watching. The guys really loved her paint job, the two women still not so sure about the totally naked thing but admired Gina's body, especially her bare back that everyone behind her would see and know she was naked, as she walked to Capt. Tony's. One of the guys begging his girl to do it as well.
"Damn girl you look fucking incredible!" Nikki said as her and Karen turned to see her walking in. Her big tits firm, barely painted to cover her nipples and the line of paint starting at her slit barely visible with her thighs together. Karen hopped off her stool, not bothering to tug it down over her ass, "I will be back shorty and pay the lady when I am done!"
Olivia tells the couples, "y'all decide and I'll be happy to do you two next after this young lady." As Karen walked up.
Karen giggled at the thought she was about to be naked and paint like her girlfriends.
"Ok, what I want is a tiny bottom like what you did for Gina, but one side untied hanging down my right thigh." She pointed to her hip and thigh. "And that's it, no top, I'll cover up with my hair. I have decided tonight I am going full Monty!" Karen shocking herself at her own request.
"Oh my, yes I love it, you too have a body to die for under that tank top." Olivia smiling at her sitting on her stool looking up at the tall blonde standing there ready for her to start.
Karen took a long suck on the straw planted in her rum Icee as Olivia reached up raising her shirt to her waist. It only took her minutes and a few paint container swaps and she was done. A bow on one side, the other hanging down her thigh, the small patch folded over revealing part of her right swollen pussy lip unpainted. Karen shivered with excitement, shock and her own sluttiness.
Karen pulled her credit card from her phone case and paid for all three of the paint jobs.
Olivia went to hand Karen the receipt, but she waved her hand away and replaced her card and started to leave.
"Ah, young lady?" Olivia called to her.
"Yes ma'am?"
"The tank top?"
Karen giggled, "Oh yeah, wait till my husband see's these pictures they will take tonight, he is going to shit!" And she took a deep breath, thinking for a few brief seconds and pulled it off dropping it on top of the other two and quickly walked away. Knowing that she has now committed to walking up and down Duval Street naked that night with no back up. Olivia staring at her hourglass figure and perfect bare ass, the perfect body of a textbook trophy wife, her long hair bouncing off her back.
Gina and Nikki's mouths dropped open when the shy Karen walked in, her hair still behind her shoulders her firm unpainted "B" breast barely jiggling as she moved towards them, the tiny bottoms Olivia had painted looked like they were falling off, just as intented.
Karen asks one of the guys to please snap a few pictures of the three of them, he was more than happy to comply with the request when she handed him her phone. Several others include the women who were about to get painted were snapping pictures as well.
After several photos they thanking them for their help, and they headed out. Gina reminding Karen she needed to pull some hair to the front, so she didn't get in trouble. She just giggled and took a deep breath, "Oh yeah, but it is kinda awesome though, makes me feel so free!"
Nikki looked at Gina, "yeah she's fucked up!"
Right after turning onto Duval someone called out to them, "Excuse me ladies but you can't be nude out on the streets," they turned to look at a cop, he had seen only their naked back sides and assumed.
They giggled turning around, "We're not," Gina said showing him and his partner. They both stared at their painted bodies, especially Gina and Nikki's big breasts with painted nipples, they waved them away shaking their heads, again watched the three bare asses walking away.
They don't get far before people are begging for pictures of the three of them. Each time Karen doesn't hesitate to flip her hair back to show at least one of her bare breasts, sometimes both.
They would giggle when someone would ask one of them to flash their bottoms.
The three of them were in demand as they made their way up Duval hitting bars when they needed a drink refill, Karen now uncovered more than covered in the crowded streets, forgetting to pull her hair back over her shoulders.
They finally run into Roy and Janice, who looked even more stunning than the night before in a rhinestone waist belt with tassels hanging low on her waist between her thighs that barely covered her pussy. The tassels moved with each step to reveal there was nothing else under it. The top was a similar rhinestone chains that formed a net type of halter top that did nothing to hide her breasts.
The girls all squealed and hugged each other commenting each other on what they others were wearing. Roy was busy again snapping pictures.
They again walked the streets being photographed and occasionally groped like the night before. Roy enjoying watching guys groping his practically naked wife, her ass just as exposed as the other three girls. As they walked he would turn her bottoms on her waist to expose her bare smooth pussy underneath.
Making a stop at the Irish pub they ordered beers and poses for pictures. Someone finally yelling for them to dance on the bar. It took little coaxing to get all four of them and a few others up there.
With them being already naked and Janice not covered by her outfit they were the favorites. Things got real when Gina, then Karen squatted on the bar spreading their thighs for cameras and the cheering crowd, Nikki joined them after realizing what they were doing. Roy was in the middle of them getting pictures of their gaping pussy's, finally getting Janice to be just as nasty.
When Nikki started fingering herself for the guys, they were asked to get off the bar. She just fell forward into the waiting hands in an attempt to get down, but found herself being passed over the top of the crowd face down. Hands groping her tits and between her legs, several fingers penetrating her already exposed wet pussy.
She was only over their heads for a few minute but she loved it, Roy getting a video of her adventure.
They left the pub headed back out onto the street to be exhibitions. Each time Janice would move the tassels back to the front, Roy would easy it back around, sometimes to her hip wanting people to see her bare pussy.
Nikki was constantly getting herself surrounded by guys wanting close up pictures that lead to groping, a few fingers inside her and Roy videoing her. Gina, Karen and Janice doing their best to avoid similar situations.
As it got later and more alcohol was consumed, Roy just as buzzed as the girls, was encouraging guys to grab her tits and lift a leg for better access, which she was allowing so he could get pictures.
Roy kept encourage Janice to allow people to touch her, "Baby, this is Fantasy Fest, live the fantasy!" Eventually allowing guys to grope her chest but would push hands away from between her legs at first then began enjoying the exotic sensation of public fondling as guys were bringing her close to an orgasm. Guys behind her posing for pictures with her were running fingers between her legs from behind after watching others do it, trying to finger her ass.
After several sessions of nipple rolling and fingers probing her, she eventually told Roy if he keeps encouraging her to allow the hands on her body, she was going to fuck someone, and she didn't care where she was!
Roy just smiled at her, "I dare you, and make it in public!"
She just rolled her eyes not expecting that answer.
Janice and Nikki had teamed up being extremely slutty, Nikki a bit overwhelmed by the feeling of walking around naked. She would occasionally make-out with hot guys while she allowed their hands to explore her soft curvy body. Sometimes with multiple guys at one time. Roy was busy videoing the two of them starting to want the night to end so he could get Janice back to the hotel, or even a secluded spot in a bar or ally to get his own relief.
Meanwhile, Gina and Karen were enjoying the hordes of people wanting pictures with them and of them. Karen no longer worried about covering her tits, making Gina wish she had thought of not having the top painted on as well. The fullness of her big firm tits exposed was still just as exciting.
They were all working their way back towards the hotels when Roy suggests a bar with a live band playing. Once inside the four women were an instant hit when partiers realize they were all naked and willing to show it off.
Roy managed to get the women a round of beers. While men chatted them up and the girls posed for pictures with them. Nikki telling her girlfriends, "I am so fucking horny right now I want some strange or a big dildo, something!"
A few guys hearing her comment offered to take her back to their hotel, she just rolled her eyes at them. "I am fucking naked; I don't need no hotel room!" As she groped her own big boobs in front of them.
Other people laughed knowing she was serious.
The guy wasn't sure what to do with her, so he faded back into the crowd.
They ended the evening in the bar being ogled, pictures taken and occasionally groped, none of them seemed to mind, even Karen was enjoying the hands on her body. Roy was encouraging men to grope his wife still while he videoed her being felt up.
The streets were crowded as the bars were closing down, forcing the parties into the streets. The girls a bit exhausted still took the time to pose with people. Until they got back to the hotel. The people in the lobby just like those in the street wanted pictures of them. Finally making it to their room they just flopped down on the bed and passed out.
***
The next morning, they all slept in, a bit dreading it was time to head home already and back to their normal lives with families. Luckily their paint fared pretty good overnight, only a few cracks in the latex here and there.
Karen was washing up and fixing her makeup Gina and Nikki packed all the belongings in their bags, giggling about wearing just their painted bikinis for the trip home. Nikki talking about how shocked the truck drivers will be seeing three naked women in a Jeep. Gina replying, "Silly girl, everyone not just truck drivers will see us, that jeep is wide open!"
When Karen finally came out, they were all packed and ready to go.
"I can't believe I am saying this, but I am going to miss this running around naked stuff when we get home. Brian may have to get used to some new things!" Karen admitted.
"Well, we don't have to leave immediately, we just got to get out the room. We can take our stuff the Jeep or desk clerk and we can go layout a bit by the pool." Nikki suggested.
Karen shot back telling her, "We don't have bikinis to wear."
Gina laughed at her, "We do, you don't! Well, no top anyway."
"I like that idea," Nikki told her, "Let's head to the pool."
They grabbed their bags and headed down stopping at the front desk. Karen kept her boobs hidden behind her long hair pulled over her shoulders, Nikki and Gina bouncing up in their painted on tops.
"Yes ladies can I, oh nice paint job!" The young Hispanic girl blushed seeing Gina and Nikki's bare breast and nipples covered in a thin layer of latex paint.
"Can you hang on to these and maybe have Carlos drop them in the Jeep in a few hours when he brings it around." Gina asks, dropping the key cards on the counter. "We are heading to the pool for a bit before we hit the road."
"No problem Ms., I will be happy too," pulling the three back packs off the counter placing them behind her against the wall. When she turned back the three, naked from the back, women were walking away. She just smiled wishing she were that brave to walk thru the hotel lobby like that.
There weren't a lot of people at the pool, it was still early considering most people had stayed up partying until the early morning hours. But those who were there turned to watch them. They stopped at the towel cabinet then headed to the lounges near the bar. They heard a few comments when they turned their asses toward the people, mostly older men, sitting already drinking at the bar seeing their bare asses and no strings to match the front anywhere on their backs.
One of the older guys called out asking if that was painted on last night. Gina laughed, "yes sir, you remember us from last night?"
"Oh yeah, who could forget those asses, I got pictures of you four last night. So where is your other friend?" Referring to Carol.
She walked to the bar ordering three mimosas. "Oh, she and her husband are staying at the hotel next doors." The guys eyes exploring her body, small spots of paint hiding important areas.
"You should have gotten a top like your friend there," looking over at Karen with her hair hanging down as she laid out her towel.
She laughed, "yeah she is the shy one!" She grabbed the three drinks and turned to walk away.
"Damn woman, that's an incredible ass you got!"
She just looked back smiling at him, "thank you kind sir!".
Nikki had already spread her a towel for her as Gina handed out drinks. They all three settled in with the lounge back up so they could consume their drinks. After getting comfortable Karen had pulled her hair up on top of her head, leaving her bare tits exposed. "I can't believe I am sitting here naked at a hotel pool ignoring the fact anyone can see my tits," Karen giggled.
After laying there half an hour or so the old man and one of his buddies walked up with three more mimosas, "here ya go ladies, it looked like you were ready for another round." They stood at their feet, all three of them had their knees up and bent, the two old men taking in their lack of bikini bottoms and slightly spread knees.
Nikki immediately picking up on why they were standing there, spreading her knees even more to take the drinks from them, the guy standing at her feet. They both just stared at her spread open pink pussy.
She sipped her mimosa, "see anything ya like?" then giggled.
They both smiled, one guy saying, "I see a lot I like!"
Nikki looked at Karen giving her a head nod. She took the hint and not knowing why, slowly spreading her knees like Nikki had, breathing faster letting the men see her most personal lady parts. Feeling herself rapidly becoming moist between her legs she handed her phone to one of the guys. "These are our last few hours here; would you mind snapping a picture of me and my girlfriends?"
"Yeah for me too," Nikki handed her phone to the other guy.
Gina giggled, leaning over toward Nikki, not as on display as her and Karen as the men began snapping pictures. Karen dropped her knee closer to Nikki to lean over, she could feel the warm air passing over her exposed open pussy, knowing the men could see everything. Then they pulled out their own phones, "do you mind?" And started snapping their own memories.
One of the men commented, "this is like taking porn pictures!" Staring at the two widespread pink pussy's like they were ready to have a dick pushed into them and Gina's slightly spread lips.
The girls then dropped their legs down taking their phones back and thanking the men, more of a hint that they were done.
Karen started laughing as they walked away toward the bar, "I am so fucking wet right now, you two have turned me into a slut!"
They all three laughed together, flipping over to sun their backs and thighs. Gina noticed Karen had hooked her feet on the sides on the lounge, she just giggled to herself knowing she wanted to continue her little show.
It was going on 3:30 in the afternoon when Gina said, "y'all we really need to get on the road."
"Yeah, I guess," Nikki said to them, "I am going to miss this, we will have to come back here or make more trips to South Beach maybe!"
Gina giggled, "well we got a bit of a ride home and we need to grab a bite before we slip out of Key West. We can grab something at the little café around the corner before we head out."
Gina went to the bar to close out the tab and have the bartender call the valet to bring the Jeep around. The men had already taken care of the bill and raised their drinks to her. They thanked her for the incredible afternoon, giving her a wink, "tell your husbands we said thank you!"
Gina laughed and thanked them for the drinks then walked back to Karen and Nikki, knowing everyone at the bar was taking in her ass.
They gathered their stuff and headed to the front desk to grab their bags. Karen a bit more relaxed, from the two drinks and the thrill of flashing the old men thought nothing of the fact her long hair was still on top of her head, wearing only the minimal paint over her small slit leaving her virtually naked in the lobby this time in the day light. She and the other two retrieved their bags from the smiling desk clerk and headed to the front door where the Jeep was waiting for them.
Carlos handed Gina the keys telling her, "you three look much better than when they arrive, you know much better tans!" He winked at her. Looking at the three practically naked extremely attractive older women. He took their bags tossing them behind the back seat. Karen surprising Gina asking if she could drive some.
Gina giggles, "please, here ya go," handing her the keys.
Karen hops behind the wheel, the other two can see her thinking looking down at her tanned bare breasts, her tan lines from her bikini long gone. "I think I better drop my hair down; I am a little nervous about driving across the keys like this, it might be a bit much." Pulling her hair clip out letting her hair fall down over her shoulders covering her bare breast. Gina and Nikki giggle at her.
"Chicken! We aren't Hiding our boobs!" Nikki tells her from the back seat.
"Well, you too look like you are wearing tops too!" She cranks the Jeep and heads north. The girls getting called out to as soon as the leave the front of the hotel. They just smile and wave eating up the attention and appreciation of their exposure from people on the sidewalks.
Karen experiencing a new feeling of excitement knowing she has nothing to cover up with even if she wanted or needed too. Her long blonde hair keeping her covered in the slow-moving Key West traffic, Karen now committed too driving north just as she is, naked, something she had never done before.
Traffic moved slowly at first, Karen managed to keep her breasts covered, giggling "if only they knew I was totally naked driving, this is so fucking exciting." The traffic very heavy along the keys leaving Key West, people having to get back to work Monday hitting the highway all at once.
Gina in front seat, Nikki in back, both in just their painted bikinis gave the illusion they were actually wearing something as they passed others, some realizing they were naked, other recognizing them from the night before, snapping pictures if they got a chance.
Gina starts texting with Josh, who owns the Jeep, telling him they are on the way home with his Jeep, but it might be dark by the time they got home. Quietly snapping a picture of Karen sending it to him, knowing he enjoyed the pictures of the younger of the three earlier. Even though her hair covered her nipples her side boobs exposed and the painted string stopping on her side, revealed the fact she was naked.
She then spun around, "We haven't sent Chris anything today!"
Pointing her phone at her. She smiled for a photo then brought her right foot up onto the seat, "send him this one!" Opening her pussy up wide for a slutty pose.
Karen giggling, trying to look back, "masturbate for him why don't you!"
Gina telling her, "we have made you into a slut haven't we?" they all three laughed at her comment.
She giggled sending the pictures to Chris, John and Brian including the picture of Karen driving slowly in traffic.
Josh sent her multiple hearts of approval then telling her they should come straight to Spanky's, there was going to be a huge after game party. Have your husbands join us!
Gina got the thinking about the plan and them showing up in their painted bikinis, knowing Brian was going to die if she showed up in just what she is wearing.
The honks and yells continued some people staying next to them on the four lanes, Karen covering up with her arm as wind would blow her hair off her nipples exposing her tits completely.
They had to stop before getting out the keys for fuel one more time. The gas station they stopped at on the way down seemed to be perfect until Karen turned in and there were only two free pumps. She wheeled up next to a pump in front of a truck, having to back up.
Gina handed Karen her debit card, "here ya go!" She looked around then hopped out, adjusting her hair to make sure she was covered, this only made her back side completely bare, with her perfect bare curvy hips on display.
Two guys pumping gas in the truck stopped talking seeing her in what appeared to be a tiny string bottom and just stared. When she turned her profile to pay at the pump, they realized there were no strings on her back.
One of the guys calls to her, "hay Jeep girl, are you wearing anything?"
Karen giggled and looked over at Gina and Nikki, who are laughing at her. Then looks back at the guys, several others now looking her way after hearing his question. Nikki turns in her seat, "none of us are!"
Karen laughs covering her face with one hand. Then she drops her hand down flipping her hair back over her right shoulder, looks at Gina, "I can't help it, I am too excited not too!"
The guy whips out his phone to take her picture, she poses while pumping the gas, then flips the rest of her hair back giving him a full-frontal view, then turns showing him her ass. The pump kicks off and she waves to them and hops back in the Jeep, laughing, realizing how brazen she had become. She covers her nipples back up as soon as she pulls out still laughing at herself. Getting into more traffic she pulled more of her hair from the back to the front to try and keep her nipples covered.
Getting through Homestead and hitting I-95, the wind quickly stripped Karen of her long hair over her boobs, she put her arm up over her bare boobs and hair to hide her nakedness. She repeatedly tried pulling it back over her shoulders, not taking the wind into consideration when she volunteered to drive.
Nikki laughed at her, "don't tell us your getting shy now!" She slides over behind her and pulled all her hair back into a ponytail.
"What the hell are you doing to me?" Laughing, telling Nikki to stop, but Gina handed her a hair tie from the gear shifter. Nikki was quick in tying her hair back into a tight ponytail. Karen's perky tits and tanned nipples now on display when she had to shift gears in the bumper to bumper traffic and from the driver's side view into the Jeep, the what would be strings that are painted on, that she wanted to look untied, left her bare up her side as well. After a while she eventually stopped covering up and just drove the Jeep no longer bothering to hide her nipples.
Gina was quick to flip on her video camera filming her driving naked as people yelled approval as they passed the open Jeep, slow to realize the other two were naked as well, except for a little paint.
It wasn't long and the girls realized they had been boxed in by big trucks so the drivers could spend time ogling and snapping pictures of them. A few drivers yelling down at them to "take it all off!" If Nikki liked the looks of them, she would spread her legs to show them she was already naked.
Gina sent John and Chris a group text telling them they would be back about 8:30 that evening and needed them to meet at Spanky's so they could drop off the Jeep to Brian and they could take them home from there after a few drinks, telling them there is a band tonight too.
John sent her back a smile face, Chris replied, "wear what you have on now!" John posted back with a shocked face icon, then a smiley face.
***
Later that afternoon John ran into Terri leaving the HR office having come to the main office building to drop off college tuition paperwork. Terri was the girl that had competed with Gina and others in the "Bare as You Dare" contest at Spanky's a while back. After chatting with her that night, John knew there was something special about Terri and offered her a job at his firm later the next week.
"Hay there Terri, so what you think so far, enjoying the job at the lab and on our research boat?" He couldn't help but imagine what was under the button-up business dress having seen her in much less a while back. She was in a two-toned stripe gray dress with overlapping lapels, hitting about mid-thigh, it had five big buttons holding it closed. He thought to himself, 'she must be sporting some padding because her boobs aren't that big.'
"Oh Mr. John I am so thankful you gave me a chance to show you and Mr. Watson, I can handle this. I absolutely love it out there on the bay. Apparently, a few of the guys have seen my Facebook page and keep asking when I am going to wear the bikinis like the ones I am wear at the beach, you know then ones my boyfriend likes me to wear, as little as possible type. So, I guess they are comfortable enough with me already." Her face blushed as she told him. "Good thing none of the contest pic's got posted, I'd be so embarrassed!"
He just smiled, "Well let's not speak of that here at work. And if they get too pushy let me know, we can address it with them."
"Oh no sir, it is fine, they are actually more mature and behave, unlike my boyfriend and the other guys I hang out with. They are actually teaching me a lot of real life stuff I am not learning at school. They seem to enjoy having me around. I don't know but it might be Steve's loose tank tops I wear sometimes, and I do wear my modest bikini bottoms!"
"Well, if you like loose tank tops, maybe I should have sent you to chaperone my wife this past weekend in Key West." John laughs thinking about some of the pictures and videos he has already received of her and Karen, his partner's supposedly shy wife.
"Oh lard, I can only imagine, I really like her she is so outgoing and uninhibited, not to mention her body! You are a really lucky man Mr. John; wish I was as blessed!"
"Don't you worry about what you don't have, you got it going on young lady. Well, if you can make it to Spanky's tonight we are meeting there so she can return the Jeep to the owner and have a few drinks before heading home. I think there is a band tonight as well." He smiles down at her. "I am sure she would love to see you again, especially now that you work for us."
Terri just laughed, "You think she would recognize me without the sling shot bikini!"
John smiled, "that is probably something else you should not mention just outside the HR office, but yes I am sure she will."
"Well again thank you for this awesome opportunity to work here and I'll tell my boyfriend that we are going to meet you and Ms. Gina there tonight. I am sure he will be more than willing; he still talks about Ms. Gina from that night at the contest.
He has tried more than once to get me to copy her outfit when we went out dancing!" She giggles and tells him, "I did wear a tied scarf for him and a short mini skirt, but he untied it like Ms. Gina wore it to get me to show off."
John laughed, "yeah you both can be a bit distracting at times! See you tonight I have a meeting I need to get too."
Terri walked on toward the elevators; John couldn't help but turn to watch her ass wiggling away. Of course, she turned to see if he was watching her, catching him standing there staring at her butt, it made her giggle.
John sent Brian a text telling him they were joining the girls at Spanky's after their meeting later that evening to pick them up.
***
John and Brian arrived after work, having stayed later than John had hoped. Running into Chris just outside in the parking lot.
Terri, along with her boyfriend and a few of his drinking buddies had arrived early enough to grab a table and have fun ogling Terri in her outfit.
When John and Brian arrived, they saw the young lady standing there with her back to them at the tall bar table, they couldn't help but check out her slender bare legs and butt cheeks barely covered by very narrow cut off denim mini skirt, it was also very low on the hips of a shapely young blonde.
The white and faded blue strings draped from the bottom of the skirt and around the missing belt line, both pieces having been cut away and obviously washed a few times, making it look even sexier.
Her long hair just touching the narrow-knitted loose lace top wrapped around her chest and back, a lot of bare tanned skin showing between the bottom of the top and skirt, not to mention her bare exposed shoulders.
Terri's boyfriend must have noticed the two suits when they came in. He said something to Terri who turned to look toward the door.
She immediately headed towards the two men, Brian's jaw dropped when she turned around realizing the skirt on the young lady was no more than a foot wide, having the waist band and bottom cut away to about a half inch below the zipper that was holding it on her hips, leaving a lot less skirt to cover her. The tight knitted narrow top had a string weaved through eyelets up from bottom to the top with a simple bow holding it closed, with a sexy four-inch gap at her what would have been cleavage, had she had any with her small boobs.
She gave John a hug and lead them to the table. "Steve, these are my bosses John, Gina's husband, and Mr. Brian I am not sure what he does, but well they are not really my bosses, but Mr. John got me the job. He manages the firm." Terri introduced them and the others.
Steve reaches out his hand to shake Johns, "finally I get to thank you Sir, you have no idea how happy you have made Terri! She is so much more relaxed and not as stressed all the time now! Makes it easier to talk her into wearing cute little outfits like this one. I hope you approve; I picked it out more as a thank you for what you did for her!"
John smiled, still shaking his hand, "oh I more than approve of this and her... swimsuit she wore at the contest."
He laughed, "yeah, your wife would rock one of those too, not that she didn't rock that red scarf, damn she's got a body! Maybe we can take the two of them to a beach party down in Lauderdale in those, to one of the beach bars!"
"I can tell you enjoy showing her off as much as I do Gina, who doesn't need any encouragement to show off." John grinned.
Chris asks, "what was so special about these swimsuits, I am imagining some tiny bikinis maybe?"
Steve smiles quickly opening his phone to the Home Screen, Terri's picture pops up from the contest in her sling shot bikini barely covering anything. Terri slaps his arm, "Stop!"
"You wanta see the pictures of her after she took it off and danced here in the bar with Gina?"
Terri cut him off, "No he doesn't now stop, please!"
"Damn, I am thinking Nikki needs to join y'all when ya go to party, not sure she could stay in one of those, which I have no problem with!" Chris smiled with a big grin, as he told them.
Brian was quick to tell them, "You can count Karen out, she would never wear something like that in public!"
John and Chris just looked at each out thinking otherwise with a smirk on their faces, after seeing some of the pictures from Key West and what she was wearing in the Jeep right now.
Steve laughed at Terri telling him to stop, he reached for the bow holding her top closed, "we can just show them in-person, I don't mind!" Pulling the knot loose.
"Damnit Steve, I work for these guys!" Pushing his hand away, leaving the now two loose strings hanging down.
Chris laughs, "Not for me she doesn't!"
"Well John has seen you in less, and I am sure the other guys won't mind." He laughs as she rolls her eyes.
Terri's top having spread a bit more at the center now forming a bit of a 'V' down the center where the top four eyelets allowed the strings to loosen up. She just reached for her drink and smirked at her boyfriend. Several of her boyfriend's buddies telling her they didn't mind at all.
They continued chatting about Terri's new job, her adventures on the company's research boat. Steve grinning, "I keep telling her she should wear what she wore in the contest to work on the boat, or one of the little G-string bottoms and top."
"Yeah if she did that I might have to move over to the research division," Brian laughed.
She giggled, "When I do, I will let you know Mr. Brian!"
Brian was not able to keep his eye off the loose dangling strings on Terri's top and her bare tummy to well below her belly button, the skirt still extremely low on her hips. She would catch him looking and give him a teasing wink. She knew she had his attention, and you never know when it might come in handy.
Terri excused herself to go to the ladies' room, she gave John a wink this time and turned to walk away, hoping he turned to watch her butt again. Of course, everyone turned to watch her, the tiny skirt slowly inching up her waist allowing her tight cheeks to just peek out the bottom.
Once she was out of sight Steve was quick to pull his phone back out to share more of the pictures from the contest. The guys were in awe of Terri and Gina dancing naked just feet away from where they were currently seated.
"Holy Shit John, why wasn't I invited to this?" Brian asks.
"You know, I should have, I bet Karen would have looked good on that stage too!"
"Oh please you know how shy she is, she would never!" He replied.
"Maybe she would but you wouldn't let her?" Everyone woooo'ed, at John is calling him out.
About that time Terri came walking back across the bar, her top still untied, the guys holding their breath watching the tight short skirt sway with the movement of her hips, knowing her pussy is going to flash any second now.
She saw everyone at the table watching her, knowing her boyfriend and Brian were hoping for more skin to be exposed, they as well as the others were disappointed as she finally got the table and the skirt stayed in place.
Steve put his arm around her shoulders telling her how sexy she looked walking across the bar.
John had bought a few rounds for everyone waiting on the girls to arrive, all the guys flirting with Terri watching her every move. Especially the stings at the center of her top slowly getting shorter allowing the center to creep open. They were having to talk over the band warming up and doing sound checks, continuing to consume alcohol. John thinking maybe it was a good idea to get several into Brian before his wife arrived.
****
The girls had stopped at a rest area and did a quick driver swap, Nikki driving now was entering the interstate, Karen sitting in the back seat, again holding her long hair over her breasts and began to realize she was getting close to where her husband and Gina's were waiting for them to arrive. He had no idea what she nor the other two with her were, or more appropriate, what she wasn't wearing.
She was thinking about being in her hometown where her slightly possessive husband was expecting her, they were no longer in a party city where her lack of clothing was acceptable for the event taking place.
Karen had been to Spanky's a few times before, more when she was younger, and knew it was a college bar with a bit younger regular crowd of cliental. She was a bit scared of what her husband's reaction would be when they arrived. And a bit excited as well, being naked in a bar unlike in Key West, with less paint hiding her body than Gina or Nikki who are the true exhibitionist, exposed to everyone who is there.
The girls were still getting honks and waves even though the sun had begun to set as they headed towards Spanky's now on the city streets. Karen took a deep breath as Gina told Nikki where to turn into the bar parking lot. Karen looking around the packed parking lot and asked Gina, "wouldn't it be better if we dug out some clothes or at least shirts before we go in?"
Nikki laughed, "you scared now? You have been naked the last two days and loved it, suck it up and put on a smile!" Karen knew that would be her answer.
Nikki steps out of the Jeep after turning off the ignition, she flips her hair back over her shoulders even though her hair isn't long enough to hide her breasts. As Gina comes around Nikki giggles at her barely painted tits jiggling with each step, she hands her the Jeep keys. Karen slips out the left side, her hair falling away from her boobs briefly. Once out the Jeep she rearranges her hair to cover some of her back and plenty to cover most of the breasts.
Heading for the door, Nikki giggles, "Chris is going to die when he sees us, I know he has been dying not being in Key West to see us showing off!" Gina just laughs.
And then someone calls out to them, "Damn is it bikini night, those are some nice asses!" They all three turn to see two guys and a girl coming across the dimly lit parking lot behind them.
Gina laughs, "Oh we were supposed to wear bikini's?"
The girl with them laughs, "holy shit they aren't wearing anything!" Seeing no stings around their waists or backs as they get to the door.
Gina grabs the door handle, "ya'll ready to put on a show?" Before either could answer she pulled the door open ushering Nikki and Karen inside. It only took a few steps before they started hearing comments about their boobs, bikini's and bare asses.
Gina quickly picked out John and Brian in their suits at the table they were at with a small group of friends. She saw the girl facing them in the small top, she looked a bit familiar to Gina, her mouth dropped open then smiled saying something to John.
Everyone at the table turned to look, seeing the ladies in the bikinis walking toward them. Chris was the first to realize Gina and Nikki's boobs were a bit jiggly in the bikini tops. As they got closer Terri spouted out, "They are wearing painted on fucking bikini's!"
John and Chris smiled seeing their wives coming across the dance floor. Brian's could only watch in shock seeing his wife's bottoms untied, looking like they were about to fall off her hips before Terri's comment registered. He was looking at Gina and Nikki as well watching their heavy boobs swaying and bouncing unsupported.
Gina made them stop just before the table, "so what y'all think?" Before they could answer they followed Gina's lead doing a turn for them, showing everyone they were in fact naked like the girl said in the parking lot. Nikki and Gina went straight to their husband giving them hugs, Chris kissing Nikki telling her how awesome she looks.
Brian was still speechless as he looked down at the minimal paint between his wife's thighs. "Damn baby, this I couldn't even have imagined! Well let's see your top, I hope it is more than Gina's and Nikki's!"
She smiled back at him, "well if you insist!" She stepped back a few steps so everyone could see her, hooked her thumbs into her hair at her neck and pushed it back over her shoulders exposing her bare chest and hard nipples to everyone at the table. There was a loud cheer from everyone who could see her lack of paint over her perky nipples.
Brian again just stared unable to speak taking in his topless wife's boobs. He finally caught his breath, "Whoa baby, put the hair back, that's a bit much!"
John laughed at him, "Come on buddy, she is just fine, you have no issue staring at Gina and Nikki's boobs, or Terri's cleavage. Karen, you stay just as you are, I think you rock!"
"Besides that's what she wore all day yesterday on Duval Street, and dancing on bar tops last night!" Nikki piped in to tell a little more of their story.
Brian couldn't argue looking at the other women's chest's thinking about his wife on top of a bar in the painted bottoms. He was still a bit embarrassed, only his wife was standing there naked and the most exposed. Then it dawned on him if she was up on the bar, there was no paint between her legs, she had been flashing other men her spread pussy.
The bartender set a round of Gina's choice of drink, double tequila shots, on the table for the four women.
John then asked Gina if she remembered Terri from the "Bare as You Dare" contest.
She laughed, "I thought she looked familiar, could be the clothes that through me off we all drank a bit much that night!" Everyone laughed at her comment, she walked around giving her a hug. "I love your outfit sweetie; I think next year you need to go with us to Fantasy Fest, we can do the pretend mother daughter thing!"
Terri giggled, "Yeah my boyfriend picked it out, just like the sling shot for the contest, he likes showing me off it seems!"
Brian trying to look away from his wife, "Yeah John offered her a job and I am glad he did, she is well worth the money we are paying her!" Looking over at Terri's cleavage and Gina's big almost bare boobs.
"Oh awesome, I know we will be able to get you the time off then!" Gina smiled at John for approval.
The Band started to play, opening with an older but popular dancing song.
The girls downed the shots, enjoyed the ogling and their husband's hands rubbing their bare asses, Brian trying to pull bits of Karen's hair to the front over her shoulders. Terri telling the girls, "ya'll should do the next bare as you dare in those outfits!"
Brian quickly told Terri, "I don't know about all that, I don't think Karen would go for all that."
Karen was a bit taken back by his comment. Everyone laughed looking at her standing there wearing the least of the women. "Ladies lets go dance!" Karen told the other three, then pulled her hair back and slipped the hair tie from her wrist to make a ponytail, just to show her husband she was in charge now.
They all four hit the dance floor followed by cheers from the crowd in the bar. The guys all just watched their three nude women and Terri putting on a show in the packed bar. Terri and Gina facing away from the guys, Gina's curvy body looked naked, as it was, but no paint could be seen. A huge cheer went up as they both bent forward, showing off Gina's lack of paint over her pink pussy lips and Terri's lack of panties.
Josh and Kevin got there just in time to see the two of them bending over showing off their wet pussies to the bar. They joined John and the rest of the group watching the four overly exposed women.
When they stood back up Terri's skirt stayed high on her hips as they continued to dance. Brian just stared and smiled seeing them exposed like that, he was in awe over Gina's big jiggling breasts bouncing about, almost forgetting his own wife was just as exposed.
They returned to the table when the song ended, slapping high fives with each other, the guys and a few girls on the way back. When Gina saw her neighbors, she went too them giving them hugs, the guys not sure where to put their hands. She then introduced everyone, Kevin asking Terri, "weren't you in the contest with Gina?"
She blushed a little, "um, yeah, were you here that night too?"
"Oh hell yeah, we got Ms. Gina to come and do the contest. But I got to say, you looked a lot better in and out that bikini you wore that night! Not that you are not fucking hot as hell tonight!"
Steve asked him, "Do you have pictures too? And she does look hot not wearing anything, especially in public!"
Chis adds, "yeah she should be tonight too, the other three are!"
"Guys stop! I didn't come here to get naked for ya'll again!" Terri blushed at the thought.
John laughed at her, "damn girl you need a raise already?" She knew exactly what he was referring too.
When Gina suggested she at least loose the top, everyone at the table agreed, especially the guys. But she still shook her head no. Ignoring their request she reached for her drink.
They continued drinking and the girls went and danced a few more time, Terri's skirt riding up, but she didn't care, only pulling it back down when they left the dance floor, letting her top get looser and looser until hints of her nipples were peeking out.
Brian was ready to get his exposed wife out of the bar. Gina and Nikki, they were ready to get fucked by their husbands still excited from the weekend and them being naked in the bar.
They said their goodbyes leaving Terri showing a bit more with her friends in the bar. Josh and Kevin flowed them out to the parking lot, walking behind the three women watching their bare asses just one more time. Chris thanked Gina for the pictures she had sent to him, she said there will be more added to the Drop box in the next few days.
They all headed their separate ways. Just as Josh was about to crank the Jeep they saw Chris and Nikki the next row over, but they hadn't got in their vehicle yet.
They both smiled watching Chis leaning against the door with his shorts to his ankles and Nikki squatted down in front of him going to town on his cock with her mouth. Apparently, she couldn't wait to get home or at least in the car.