Pearl sighed throwing her book bag down on the floor of her small apartment, having finished another tiring day at her college. It wasn't the work or the professors that she generally disliked, rather her fellow students. Pearl was in her sophomore year at college, yet didn't seem to catch much attention from her peers. She was a good enough looking girl, pretty facial features, and a gothic look to her appearance that she was rather proud of.
Probably theonlypart of her appearance she was proud of...
You see Pearl was rather... "underdeveloped" for her age. Her breasts were no bigger than an A cup, and her butt, in her own mind, flat as a board wasn't a good enough description for it. She was incredibly skinny, and she would commonly be mistaken for a preteen girl for crying out loud! All of that wouldn't be as bad if it weren't for the fact that her older sister had been blessed with a bust to put even D cups to shame, and a fantastic ass. Clearly her genetics were not to blame, the universe just seemed to hate her.
After a stressful day at college, Pearl found the only way she could unwind would be a nice orgasm. Pulling her hoodie over her head, exposing her practically flat chest under her black t-shirt, she grabbed her laptop from her bookbag, making her way over to the couch of her small apartment. Calling it small was generous, the kitchen and living room were all one room, with an attached small bedroom and bathroom. Still If it meant not living in dorm rooms with girls way more attractive than her and guys with no attraction at all to her, Pearl was happy enough to slum it here during term time.
Kicking off her shoes when she sat down on the small two-seater couch in an ugly green colour, Pearl opened her hand-me-down laptop, scouring the search engine for some material to her liking. She pulled her long black hair behind her into a half assed ponytail so as not to obstruct her view. She was in the mood for some of her favourites this afternoon...
"I think some humiliation should do the trick..." The goth said to herself, furiously unbuttoning her jeans while still typing in her desired content into the search bar of her resident amateur model website. The girls on here were very much "real girls" and the viewer feature allowed commenters to tell the girls what they wanted to see. A feature Pearlverymuch liked.
Pearl bunched up her black jeans at her ankles, lying down on the couch once she had kicked them off the end of her long legs, lifting her laptop up to get access to her red lacy panties, once again struggling to pull them down. Managing to get them to her knees, and letting gravity take them the rest of the way, kicking them off once at her ankles. the pale girl placed her laptop down on her lower thighs, just above her knees. Just enough room for access to her already moistening pussy, and still see the video past her unruly public hair. Not like she had much reason to trim it, who was ever going to seeherin this state?
After a little over an hour, and a lot of rubbing her most sensitive nub, Pearl was satisfied, lying completely spent on her couch. A particular stream had set her off, of a girl, upon suggestion from her viewers, handcuffing herself completely naked to a park bench! Watching the girl struggle to cover herself with only one free hand, and hastily explain to people passing by why she was in such a position was enough for the horny goth to explode all over her hand.
As Pearl lay in her post orgasm bliss, two things crossed her mind. Number 1: she really needed to start keeping tissue boxes closer to her couch... And 2: The girls in the videos and streams on this site are absolutely loaded! She saw it constantly in the comments, people donating huge sums of money to get the girl to be more likely to notice their comment. None of the girls she watched lived in a crappy apartment like hers. She should do this!
"Wait... that's not a bad idea..." Pearl though, closing down her laptop and, looking around for something to clean off her cum with. Why doesn't she try streaming herself? The people in this particular humiliation tag seem to enjoy just that, watching girls being humiliated! And with her pitiful body, just looking at herself in a mirror was way more humiliation than the girl handcuffed naked to the bench must have experienced!
"Come on Pearl, porn? Really?" Pearl excused the idea from her mind as just the remnants of her arousal talking. She could slum it in this apartment for a bit, and she wasn'tdesperatefor cash or anything... Deciding an early dinner would clear her mind, Pearl grabbed her discarded jeans and panties, making her way into her bedroom, hoping to find some unused cleanex in there before making a start on dinner.
_
A few hour later, Pearl was sitting in front of her crappy TV in her pyjamas. She was only half-heartedly paying attention to whatever show she was watching; her mind was otherwise occupied. Not from thoughts of the assignment she had due in a few days' time that she'd barely made a dent in, but rather from what had occurred earlier that day on the very couch she was sitting on. Wiggling her butt, she could almost still feel some of her sticky residue from earlier on the cushion.
She couldn't believe it, she was actually getting horny again. She could very quickly remedy that, but she was reminded of the thought that had crossed her mind earlier. That girl who was handcuffed to the bench naked was rich, probably enjoying a relaxing spa treatment in her mansion right now. And here she was, just as humiliated daily as her, and yet she's watching a stolen cable on a box TV?
"How difficult would it realistically be?" Pearl thought out loud, pulling her phone out of her pyjama pocket, and getting up the website she loved so much. Of course, Pearl hadn't actually gone through the trouble of making an account up to this point, she was content to just watch while others made comments and gave requests to the girl's doing the shows. But as she clicked the large fonted 'Sign Up!' button at the top of the page, she was quite amazed at how easy it really was. All she needed was a username, a password and an email address!
Not wanting the use her personal email for such a thing as a porn website, the increasingly curious raven-haired girl grabbed her laptop from her coffee table, intent on making a brand-new email address sheerly for the purpose of satisfying her curiosities. Within minutes, she was back at the sign up screen, entering her new email, and a password she had thought of in a few seconds. The last part was a screen name.
Pearl sat for a minute, stumped at the idea of what to have her name on this website be. Obviously, it would be a bad idea to use her real name. It's not like she was actually going to start a cam show of her own, so she shouldn't put too much thought into it. This was just an experiment! Nothing more!
"Fuckin... come on..." Pearl was struggling to think. If her name was out of the question, maybe something descriptive of her? Hypothetically, if she was going to stream on this site, what would be an appropriate username? Her whole gimmick would be humiliation, practically every day of her life was that for her anyways. Her hands started moving along the keyboard, inspiration hitting her in a second, the name appearing on her screen.
TormentTinyTits
The username was there, showing that it was available on the site. Pearl felt humiliation burn at the name that she herself had come up with as a descriptor for her. Face red, and slowly moving the mouse down to the 'Confirm' button, Pearl swallowed hard, not noticing how dry her mouth had become in the last few minutes. The screen flashed, bringing her to her profile page, with the humiliating username she had just come up with in bold letters, making her lovely face blush once again. In the top right-hand corner of her profile, there was a large blue button, the words burned into Pearl's hazel eyes.
'Start Streaming'
"There's no way it's that easy..." The flat chested girl once again said to herself, wiggling her butt against the couch once again, sitting up straight and placing the laptop on the coffee table. Should she give it a test run? Looking down at herself, her pink and white floral bottoms and black band t shirt was hardly the attire to start a pornographic stream in. Though it's not like she was actually going to do anything, it was just to test how easy it was, right?
Pearl bit her lip, the goth nervously shifter her finger on the trackpad of her laptop. She thought it over for a minute, her curiosity winning out over her reason. She got up from her couch, reaching for her abandoned bookbag, pulling a small black piece of fabric out of one of the pockets. She never went anywhere without a mask during the pandemic, and that was about to extend to the privacy of her own apartment.
"Just in case." She told herself, slipping the mask on to her face, leaving her covered from the nose down, her eyes still transfixed on the laptop screen, where she had left her mouse cursor. One click of the button was all it would take. Pearl's hand was moving before she had a chance to stop and think about it.
"LIVE" was displayed at the top of her screen, which had now changed to her own reflection staring back at her. To the side was a little chat bar, where comments would come in for the model on the stream. Pearl was utterly amazed that minutes ago she was watching TV, and now she was streaming herself on a porn site! One she frequented no less!
"Whoa, it really is that easy..." Pearl whispered to herself, checking over her image on the screen. She was truly pathetic, sitting on her couch in her oversized pyjamas, not one part of her body looking appealing in the slightest. After a moment of studying herself, the raven-haired girl found the large red button at the bottom of her screen, labelled 'END STREAM' and decided to do just that. But her vision was drawn to something directly beside the button.
5 VIEWERS?! She'd been live for less than a minute, and there were already people watching her?! Gosh, no wonder all those beautiful streamers get so many views, it must be the easiest thing in the world to do if even someone like her is getting viewers. She wondered why these people even bothered clicking on her profile, before her computer let out a noise, alerting the goth to a notification.
"So when does the tormenting begin?"
The underdeveloped girl read silently in the comment section. That would make sense, the dumb name she had chose was obviously what peaked these viewers interest in her. Pearl was about to end the stream right away, disappointing her watchers, before her eyes landed on the viewer count once again.
"Holy shit, 100 viewers?!" The raven-haired girl accidentally said out loud through her mask, as more comments started flooding into the bar at the side, most of them in similar vein to the first, some of them making jokes about her appearance.
"Are we sure she's old enough to be on here?"
"Wow, no kidding, those tits are tiny! I think we need a better view..."
"Hurry up and humiliate yourself little girl!"
Pearl was partially disgusted by the comments she was receiving, but a large part of her already knew this was the sort of reaction she knew she would get. It was then another notification alerted from her laptop, this one different from the last. Pearl's hazel eyes widened, the message chilling her to the bone...
"$25 Donation: Take off your pants, nothing much to see upstairs anyways..."
She... had actually gotten a donation? Real money from someone giving her a request! Her! She was all too familiar with how this system worked, having seen it many times on other cam girls streams! All to just... take off her pants? Maybe it was the adrenaline that had built up over the last few minutes, but that seemed... reasonable to her?
"I must be going insane!" Pearl rationalised, seeing the comments now cheering in agreement with the donation. She was wearing a mask, and she was using a pseudonym so it's not like any of these people knew her personally... what's the worst that can happen? The goth's shaking hands slowly made their way towards the waistband of her pyjama pants.
"Alright, I guess since you're being so generous..." Pearl tried her best to sound sexy to appeal to her growing viewers, her hands freezing in place as realisation hit her. She wasn't wearing underwear... the raven-haired girl bit her lip under her mask, standing up just slightly so as to give the audience a better view, when in reality she was just trying to buy time the psyche herself up. As her hands fidgeted nervously on the waistband, another notification from her laptop caught her attention...
"$25 Donation: Just do it already!"
Before Pearl could even comprehend that she had made more money in the last 5 minutes than she had in an 8-hour workday, her hands pulled the pink and white garment down her legs, exposing her lower half to the camera. From behind her mask, Pearl's breathing got heavier and her face burned with shame. She was actually showing her pussy to the almost 200 people watching her stream right now. As the goth kicked her pyjama bottoms off her bare feet, a look to the comment box confirmed that the crowd was going nuts at her display.
"Look at that lady garden! No way she's underage!"
"What a freak, bet she gets off on it and doesn't care about the money..."
"Holy shit, this girl's actually kind of hot!"
That last comment made Pearl pull her black t-shirt down, balling it in her fists in an attempt to cover her womanly shame, the shirt rising at her hips, the raven-haired girl knowing that were there a camera behind her, it would be streaming all of her bony ass to the viewers. Trying to get her breathing under control, she quickly sat back down on her couch in front of the laptop, making sure to keep her t-shirt in a death grip between her thighs. The comments kept rolling in, humiliating observations, insults about her body, and every once in a while, someone saying something nice about her body. Pearl did her best to respond verbally to the comments, encouraging the people watching her to give her more embarrassing dares.
"$25 Donation: Get up and twerk!"
That one was pretty embarrassing for the goth girl, but all things, considered, she did her best, shaking her ass in full view of the camera for all to see. She let go of the shirt covering her pussy during it, and when she was done it slipped her mind to keep it hidden from her viewers, treating them once again to the sight of her pink lips and dark curly public hair.
"What a slut!"
"She wishes she was a slut, maybe if she could actually grow a pair of tits!"
"Of course she's a slut, look between her legs, she's wet!"
Pearl looked down upon reading that most recent comment, her hands coming to cover her privates and feeling the sticky residue of her girl honey on her palms. She couldn't actually be getting off on this? No! She was already horny from earlier, and her curiosity with the cam show hadn't quite sated that like she thought it would. Her attention was drawn away with another notification dinging.
"$50 Donation: Off with the shirt! Let's see if you live up to your name!"
Pearl paled. Her breasts were pitiful, but she was being paid actual money to expose them to the almost 300 people watching! She felt that she couldn't refuse, grabbing the hem of her shirt, the goth girl bit her lip, rolling it up her body slowly, exposing her skinny torso, the fabric rubbing against her nipples, which she was surprised to find rock-hard and tingling, the texture of the t shirt stimulating them as she continued going higher and higher. Pearl shut her eyes, and in on fell swoop, pulled the t shirt over her head, throwing it to the side, and slapping both hands across her pathetic excuse for breasts. The chat lit up:
"Wow, she's flat as a board!"
"Username checks out."
"Stop covering those nipples, we want to see!"
Pearl was having a quite a different reaction than she was expecting. Her hands on her nipples providing even more stimulation than the t shirt was causing her to have even more feelings of a sexual nature. The goth couldn't stop thinking about how she was butt ass naked, sitting on her couch, while hundreds of people watched her, essentially playing with herself.
"Oh, now she's embarrassed? I would be too if I looked like her."
More comments flooded in, Pearl feeling as though she had hit some sort of sensory ceiling. Her mind was getting foggy, and her breathing was even more ragged than earlier. Hesitantly uncovering her breasts, her hands were providing almost no support anyways, and the tiny bumps barely moved, but were at last uncovered for her adoring audience.
"Little slut, naked in front of all these people."
"Do a real dare!"
Pearl was having trouble keeping up with the comments, once again trying her best to flirt and interact with her viewers. Her arousal was only growing, but she wouldn't admit it to herself! Tonight had been purely a financial venture, nothing more! She wondered where to take her cam show from here, before another notification came in. Pearl's heart almost stopped while reading it.
"$100 Donation: Go outside. Show the world that pathetic body of yours."
"No way!" Pearl practically blurted out, her eyes widening being the only legible feature on her face thanks to the mask. She couldn't actually go outside! She was completely naked, and people could see her in the hallways of her apartment building! But her thoughts came back to what she was doing right now, she had made more money in a night than she had in a week of working. And she'd seen cam girls who didn't follow dares fade away into obscurity. Walking outside wouldn't be that bad, would it? It was fairly late, and no one should be around the hallways...
"Just... just for a few minutes and that's it!" The raven-haired goth addressed her viewers, watching the comment section cheer and rejoice that the skinny flat chested model was complying with the request. Pearl gulped nervously, leaning forward on the couch to pick up her laptop, trying to frame what little breasts she had for the webcam, a gesture that came off just as humiliating as she felt for most of her actions tonight. Picking it up, and holding it in front of her, her face was cut off completely giving the viewers an up-close look at the titular tiny tits, and her unshaven crotch.
Bare legs trembling with every step, Pearl walked towards her front door, her masked face coming close to look out the peephole and confirm that there was no one outside. It was one thing being naked in front of strangers on the internet, at least they were paying her. It was a whole different story having someone catch her in person, never mind someone who lived in her building. They probably wouldn't even be very appreciative at seeing a naked chick. This wasPearlwe're talking about after all...
*click*
Her door was unlatched before she even really had time to think about it. Pearl made sure to put the snib on, last thing she needed was to get locked out without a stitch of clothing on her. As she slowly creaked open the apartment door, she felt a tingling overtake her, lower down. She tried her best to keep her mind off her body's reaction to the humiliation, rationalising that she was only doing this for the cash, nothing more. Opening the door just enough to poke her head outside, the naked goth checked once again to make sure the coast was clear, dark hair in a ponytail whipping from side to side as she did so. She set her laptop down, the screen reflecting her bare feet, as she angled it slightly upwards. Her entire body trembled, as she took a step out of the opened door.
The comments hadn't slowed down, nor had her viewership. Pearl, now naked in the hallway, and questioning every decision she had made in the last half hour, stepped backwards just a bit, so that her entire body was in frame of the webcam, something the people watching much appreciated.
"Holy shit she actually did it!"
"Wonder if anyone will catch her?"
"They'll probably think she's a lost child."
Pearl could feel her chest tightening, her anxiety taking hold. She hated social interaction enough as it is, never mind doing it nude. If someone were to catch the mortified goth in all her glory... well that's just something she doesn't want to think about! Because she IS mortified. Sure... that's the only reason. Nothing to do with a hypothetical tingling that's been steadily growing in her nether regions. Pearl didn't even want to check anymore if the wetness from earlier was still there, though she knew the answer, and she didn't like it one bit. The loud notification from her computer made her jump, arms coming to cover her private parts, one slung across her sensitive nipples, the other confirming the current wetness of her pussy unintentionally. Pearl looked around, hoping that none of her neighbours had heard the loud notification.
"$25 Donation: Run down the hallway and back."
The raven-haired goth decided not to fight it anymore, this was the best paying job she'd ever had, and she didn't intend on losing it on her first night. Arms still in place covering, Pearl took off, her skinny bare frame making it's way past every door, directly in view of her webcam. Pearl eyes we're screwed shut, her face a burning crimson as she could hardly fathom the embarrassment she was feeling right now. Reaching the end of the hallways, barely opening her eyes to glance at the door leading out to the reception and the prying public, the naked goth made her sprint back, one foot in front of the other, being tickled by the carpeted floor. The small breeze from the AC only served to solidify her already hardened and tingling nipples, and further accentuate the wetness growing just below her bush. She was going to need a shower after this, to wash away the shame, and to tend tootherneeds.
Reaching her apartment door once again, Pearl heard a noise that made her stomach drop. Another door opening! Her face paled and her adrenaline at an all-time high, she grabbed her laptop in her arms, slamming her apartment door shut, making sure to apply the lock, before standing, back and bare butt pressed against the door, slowly sliding down to a sitting position, her practically hyperventilating, all while the viewers got a view of her tits, small as they are, heaving up and down.
Pearl took a few minutes to recover, only half paying attention to the comments of the chat, still making humiliating comments about her body and her streak down the hallway. When Pearl smelt a distinct aroma she was all too familiar with, radiating from her nether regions, which were getting hotter by the second, the humiliated girl decided to call it a night
"That's all for now! Check back later, I'll be up for more dares!" addressing her audience for a final time, the raven-haired girl finally hit the 'Stop Streaming' button she had intended to hit almost half an hour ago. With her stream ended, Pearl finally removed the mask concealing her identity, and was greeted with a screen, showing her earnings that night...
"Holy shit, I made 250 bucks!" Pearl was amazed,shehad really made that much from showing offherbody, and doing some measly dares? Below the figure, it was asking for her PayPal link. Pearl, nervously typed away, still sitting with her back to the front door, and still very much naked, as she got up her account on PayPal, seeing that the money had been transferred there. $250! It was in that moment, Pearl knew what she was doing tomorrow night... right now, she needed that shower...
_
Pearl was not in a good mood. Her shenanigans the previous night had made it almost impossible for her to focus in class. Her mind kept drifting from the lecture to imagining herself, cam show live, and doing humiliating naked dares right there in the lecture hall. It was by far one of the least productive days she'd ever had at college. Not that afterwards was any better. Her shift at the bar she worked at part time ran on long, and her tips were disappointing as per usual, while the busty bartender she was on shift with cleaned up. Typical. She even had the idea of just not showing up to work today, she had made essentially more than a week's wages the previous night anyways! But she couldn't bring herself to burn all of her bridges just yet.
But as she got home, the goth felt the stirrings of excitement within her. It was 8PM on Friday night, and she had the rest of it to herself. Her essay could stand to wait another day or two. And while it was still an insane idea in her head, the money she had made last night would cover half of her rent! While there were some other feelings mixed in there, those of a sexual nature, Pearl was ignoring those, throwing down her bookbag, and taking off her apron she wore to work. She was going to stream again.
The raven-haired goth swore, as she opened up her laptop to do just that. Out of battery. She really should have charged it after her stream last night. Her annoyance was returning when she had an idea! She could just stream off her phone! Its camera was probably better than the crappy webcam on her second-hand laptop anyways. Not that she was happy about her nudity and humiliation being broadcast at a higher quality or anything...
Kicking off her shoes, and stuffing her socks inside for good measure, Pearl signed into the website as she sat down on her couch, once again navigating to her profile tab. She was surprised to see there were people subscribed to get notified when she went live! Almost 200 people in fact. She knew her body was pathetic, but she didn't thinkthatmany people would enjoy getting off on her humiliating herself in their spare time! Deciding not to dwell, and excitement (as well as other things) bubbling within her, Pearl hastily propped her phone on the table so there was a good view of her, and hit the 'Start Streaming' button.
Nervously watching the significantly smaller screen, the underdeveloped girl quickly realised that in her haste, she had forgotten one crucial thing from the previous night. Her mask. In a second Pearl had leaped behind her couch, keeping hidden from the viewing eye of her camera, and reached for her book bag, picking out the small black piece of fabric, and quickly covering her face. She mentally hit herself for being so stupid, what, was she about to get naked on camera with her face uncovered?! Mentally scolding herself to not make any more errors like that for the rest of the night, she peeked her head back up from behind her couch.
"Holy shit! 500 viewers! Already?!" Pearl could hardly believe it, she guessed the people would have subscribed had already been notified, but so many more people joined to watch her.Her. Her flat chest, skinny frame, flat ass and unkempt lady garden! Pearl nervously waved at the camera, shifting around so she was sitting on her couch again.
"Hell yeah! The ugly bitch is streaming again!"
"TormentTinyTits rules!"
"Wonder what we can make her do tonight?"
Pearl couldn't help supressing a giggle. They were actually excited to seeher.Of course they wanted to torment and humiliate the already blushing goth, but still, she had never received as warm a welcome as this from anywhere! Pearl started chatting, saying how she was nervous and excited for another stream, and with it being Friday night, she was expecting people to go harder than they had the previous night. The beautiful sound of the notification was like music to her ears.
"$100 Donation: Enough stalling, off with the clothes! Let us see that pathetic body."
Pearl was giddy. At this rate she would be able to cover her rent for the rest of the semester, and then some! She looked down at what she was wearing. Her black jeans and mustard yellow sweater didn't do much in terms of framing her body or making it look any better, but these people weren't interested in seeing her looking good and confident anyways. Though she did technically get more for stripping naked last night. Should she ask for more? Despite the situation, she didn't want to seemdesperate.
"$100 Donation: Do it slowly, give us a strip tease!"
The notification noise combined with the visual of the donation was more than enough for Pearl, standing up in front of the coffee table, preparing to fulfil the generous viewer's request. Having never had an opportunity to strip off in front of another person before, she was unsure of the best ways to go about it, but figured making it up as she goes along would be best. After all, even if it was horrible and humiliating, that would fit right in with her brand!
Swaying her hips to imaginary music, Pearl's hands caressed her scrawny body, making their way down between her tiny breasts, across her skinny torso before landing on her hips, playing with the belt loops of her jeans, making sure to stay in focus of the camera the entire time. Remembering that she had in fact worn underwear for this cam show, Pearl wasted little time unbuttoning her jeans, still dancing rhythmically to the song in her head. Any other time this would be one of the most embarrassing things she could think of doing, livestreaming or not, but right now, with her viewers continuing to rise and the comments keeping her going, she was into it.
Her black jeans slipping down her legs revealing a pair of black cotton panties, Pearl raised her arms to sway even more, shimming her feet out of her jeans and kicking them to the side. The goth repeating the process of running her hands down her body, in her head deciding that her panties would be next, since she wasn't wearing a bra, and the reveal of her breasts is likely what the majority of the people viewing wanted to see anyways. Turning away so that her back and pantied ass was to the camera, the raven-haired girl bent over just slightly, a move that for a woman with a better ass would have looked sexy, and began pulling her panties down to join her jeans on the floor, letting her viewers comment away on her flat ass. Biting her lip, she could feel familiar stirrings of excitement bubbling up once again.
Pulling her yellow sweater down in front to cover her pussy and untrimmed bush, the masked goth returned to facing the camera, once again bending over slightly, this time getting her face closer to read the comments that were being sent to her, many of them talking about her pathetic attempt at modesty, and how stupid she looked trying to pull off a sexy dance, while others were discussing the next dare for her when she was naked. Pearl decided not to keep them waiting...
Keeping her sweater pulled down to cover her pussy for a moment longer, Pearl began pulling the hem up her body, further and further until her black bush above her engorged and wet lips became visible for all to see, still pulling higher and higher, exposing her flat tummy until in one fell swoop, the garment was off her head, her entire naked body once again visible to all on camera. A black mask being the only thing hiding Pearl's identity and her burning red cheeks from the over 600 viewers who were currently watching her lewd display.
"Wow no bra, she really is a slut!"
"Look at those tits, no bra necessary!"
"What tits? I don't see anything?"
Grinning beneath her mask, Pearl hadn't thought she'd be enjoying this as much as she did. Despite the insulting observations being commented about her body, shewasactually enjoying streaming beyond just the financial part of it. These people were watchingher, and donating real money to see her do things, humiliating or not. It was a sick sort of validation that up to this point, the raven-haired girl had failed to find anywhere else. Watching the comments for another minute, her favourite notification flashed up on her phone.
"$100 Donation: Leave your place again, and don't freak out like last night."
Taking the message as a challenge, and happy that she'd already passed last night's total, the goth girl grabbed her phone from where she had perched it, making sure to keep the camera on her naked form, as she once again looked towards her front door. There was a strange fire burning up inside of Pearl, she had felt it last night as well. Despite all of these things working in her favour, she was still completely terrified of what would happen when she opened that door. A fire drill? Her neighbours all coming out at the same time and seeing her naked? All of these thoughts sent her anxiety into overdrive, but that same lustful feeling she was trying hard to ignore persisted none the less, as she tiptoed on bare feet towards her goal.
In a move that was very reminiscent of the previous night, the naked goth once again peeked outside her front door, keeping her small breasts and large bush hidden behind the door, the feeling of both being pressed against the wood sending tingles up her body in the process. It was a lot easier to angle with her phone compared to her laptop, simply having to hold a single arm out to show her audience the currently vacant hallway. Once again taking a slow step outside Pearl realised for the first time how far she had really come. On an average day she would struggle to get out her coffee order to a barista, and now she was standing butt fucking naked in a semi-public place.
"$50 Donation: Walk down the hallway again. And take it slooowwww."
Pearl almost jumped out of her skin at the sound of the notification (not like she had any clothes to jump out of) and hastily turned the volume down a lot further on her phone, looking around frantically for the sound of any doors opening. She had a close call last night, and going slower would only put her out in the open for longer, bringing the chances of that happening again up much further. But still, her breathing got heavier as she felt her heartbeat increase, beginning to feel drops of sweat forming on her forehead.
The pale girl swallowed hard, bare feet brushing against the carpet, one after another, as she fulfilled her dare, slowly beginning to walk down the hallway. She wanted so badly to cover her intimates with her hands, but urged herself not too. Not only was one hand already occupied with holding her phone, livestreaming all of this to the very people paying her. But as well as that, she could feel her tits and her pussy well,tingling. It was a sensation she was familiar with, and she knew what it meant. But she was still refusing to accept that she was getting off on the humiliating dares!
Walking past each door, she tried her best to distract herself by remembering all the faces she had seen living in the apartments. She didn't know any of them personally, in fact no one had even given her the time of day! But if any of them were to see her now, she'd probably be the centre of attention! They would all probably point and laugh at her pathetic naked body, making just as many lewd comments as her viewers were. She grit her teeth beneath her mask, another wave of humiliation washing over her, this time joined by a wave of pleasure, as she felt wetness on her thighs as they rubbed against each other while she continued her slow walk.
The walk was gruellingly long for the goth, but she finally once again reached the door leading out to the lobby. She often appreciated having the ground floor apartment, there was easy access to outside, the rent was a lot cheaper than the ones especially near the top floor, and she didn't have to walk any stairs or wait on an elevator while entering or leaving. But right now, it seemed a curse, as she could see through the window right through to the front door of the building, and the public streets that lay beyond it. Cringing at the thought of any potential resident standing there, seeing her streaking the hallways of the building, Pearl made to turn back towards her apartment, before another notification grabbed her attention.
"$100 Donation: Go further".
Biting her lip beneath the mask, Pearl had to seriously consider one of her dares for the first time tonight. Sure, she was making an absolute killing, and she didn't want to be a bad sport and pussy out on one of her viewers requests. But out in the lobby she could be seen from outside! She might as well be butt naked in public! But the thought of that was stirring up even more embarrassing arousal within the goth, and that combined with the thought of how she wouldn't have to worry about rent for another 2 months minimum spurred her on, and with a nervous look around, she found herself pushing past the door, bare feet coming into contact with the tiling of the lobby.
"Holy fuck holy fuck..." Pearl was almost hyperventilating, moving to stand in the middle of the lobby, looking straight out the front door, being sure to frame herself in her phone camera so her audience could see the predicament she was in. She was practically outside and she was completely naked! Her entire body was on display, not that there was much to see! Still her skinny frame, tiny tits, flat ass and hairy snatch was out there, for any potential neighbour or passer by to see.
It was at this point the tingling within Pearl got stronger. It had been growing ever since she had started the cam show, and right now it was almost unbearable. She still wasn't covering herself, out of fear of having to admit that her body waslovingthis. The exposure, the humiliation, it was something the raven-haired girl was still trying her best to deny that she was in to, despite how obvious her tingling nipples and wet thighs made it out to be.
While still lost in her thoughts, making sure she was still in focus on her livestreaming phone, Pearl heard the noise she was dreading. Footsteps. Coming down the stairs. Towardsher! Her heart was threating to beat out of her flat chest as the underdeveloped girl froze like a dear in the headlights! Scrambling to get her thoughts together, she made a break for the door back to her hallway, bare feet comically sliding to a stop as they looked through the window on the door. Someone was there! And they were heading her way!
Forgetting her livestream completely, and thinking over her very limited options, the naked masked girl cringed upon hearing the footsteps on the stairs and seeing her neighbour in the hall getting closer! Her fate sealed, Pearl felt another spike of arousal, this one bigger than all that had come before it, as she knew her only way out of this. Seeing that the street outside her apartment building was relatively empty from where she was standing, Peal swallowedhard,prepping herself for likely the most embarrassing thing she has ever done, and doing it without a donation no less!
Running as fast as she could, the naked goth barrelled through the front door to her apartment building, tensing up immediately as she felt the cool spring air on her bare assets. She was frozen for a second, feeling a pressure building up in her tummy, and feeling her sticky lady goo on her legs increasing in volume as she realised she wasn't out of the woods yet. The people in her building would still be able to see her through the glass front of the lobby. She had to get further away to avoid explaining why she was outside with only a mask to cover any part of her body. She let out a barely audible moan at the image in her head.
Thinking on her feet, she ran to her left, across the grass front of the apartment building. The building was located in a typical suburban neighbourhood and was a standout among the many family homes in the area. Though the goth had never stopped to take in the scenery before, and was a little amused as well as terrified that it had taken her until now to appreciate the quietness of her neighbourhood, while being naked and more horny than she'd ever been! The pressure kept building, and she let out groans as she ran, making sure to keep an eye out for any pedestrians. Pearl kept running in a blind panic, running past the hedges and shrubbery that separated the two plots of land, and failing to notice that she directly in view of the front window of one of the neighbouring houses, when it hit her...
Before Pearl could get a grip on her surroundings, something happened to her body. Her pussy spasmed and shot a spike of pleasure the whole way up her body, and right down her legs to her toes. Her untouched clitoris vibrated, and lady juices exploded out of her vagina mid step, almost causing her to fall flat on her ass, as she realised what was happening to her, while barely able to keep herself standing, coming to a complete stop on the front lawn.
She was having an orgasm! A big one at that! She wasn't even touching any part of her body, but apparently, the arousal caused from her prancing around naked had built and built to a breaking point, so that stimulation to her leaking pussy or rock-hard nipples was no longer necessary to push her over the edge, and it just happened on it's own. Pearl stood there, bare feet curling in the grass, focusing on two things: staying standing, and not making any noise.
Both tasks seemed insurmountable for Pearl as she seemed to be having the most intense orgasm of her life, and it had been triggered completely hands free! There was no denying to the quivering goth any longer that there wasn't a sexual nature to her little humiliation cam show. Pearl made especially sure to keep a hold on her phone, still livestreaming, as well as not to touch her oversensitive body, out of fear of exacerbating her climax even further.
Still cumming, Pearl saw the lights of the house she was next to switch on, Illuminating the entire window, still covered by the curtains, and at the same time terrifying the goth as the aftershocks of her orgasm wrecked her small frame. She moved without thinking, bare legs pumping as she ran past the house, forgetting all about being on the lookout for people on the pavement. She could feel the breeze against her still rock-solid nipples and her drenched crotch, her body's sensitivity to all sensations having seemingly been doubled by her hands-free orgasm. Pearl continued to an alleyway that separated the house she orgasmed in front of from it's neighbour, slumping down, her back against the wooden fence, right next to a trash can.
It was only when she got her breathing under control and looked at her phone did she remember all about the livestream. Her viewers has saweverything,Every inch of her while she was cumming. She was greeted with multiple comments making fun of her.
"Wow, is she cumming?"
"Not like she's ever had anyone else touch her down there!"
"She so inexperienced, I'm not surprised she came without touch!"
Pearl read each and ever comment, her blush growing and her arousal increasing further as she did so. She had even gotten a few donations that she missed while in the middle of her shameful display, not asking for more dares, but praising her for the entertainment. Some people were even calling it hot! For the first time in her life Pearl was attractive to someone. She could almost feel tears welling up in her eyes at the revelation, being extra sure to thank those viewers with more shots of her still very much naked body on the livestream. After fully recovering from the last few minutes, Pearl decided it was best to call it a night. She quickly looked both ways from her hiding place making sure the coast was clear, before streaking once again past her neighbour's house, this time on the sidewalk, feeling the concrete on her bare feet and the night air across her body, as she made her way back towards her apartment building, feelings of arousal taking over her again. She was going to be using this night as fuel for her masturbation sessions for months to come...
And she was definitely going to be streaming again...