Edi, pronounced Eedee and not Eddie as she liked to remind everyone who said it wrong, even though her parents had christened her Edwina, sat on the sofa idly scrolling through social media on her phone. Ten more minutes and they'd go to bed, she thought to herself. More importantly, in twenty-five minutes they'd both be sound asleep and she had the run of the house to herself.
People at the female clothing store where she worked always asked about her living arrangements. Edi took delight in seeing their expressions when she told them her parents were both dead and she'd been bought up by her grandparents. Not delight in their death, she scarcely remembered them as she'd only been two years old, but a morbid delight in seeing how scared people were that they thought they'd upset her.
She liked to explain that living was them was very handy, they didn't ask for rent so she saved virtually all of her wages, and also they both went to bed at 9 pm so she could do what she liked after that. What that usually entailed was watching porn on her laptop while masturbating. The laminate flooring in the living room came in very handy for quickly being wiped clean after 'spillages' too, and she'd found out they were heavy sleepers after watching porn one night about girls almost being caught, and dildoing herself while sitting at the bottom of the stairs up to the bedroom, cumming and crying out much louder than she'd anticipated, neither of them waking up.
She found her job, like most things, quite boring, but tolerated it because it was reasonably close to her home and she got store discounts on any clothes or lingerie they had in. Most of her clothes and all of her underwear had been bought there, and all of it was in black, her favourite colour. Her hair was jet black anyway and her thick fringe brushed across her forehead at eyebrow height, combined with her black eyeshadow and eyeliner, perfected showing off her royal blue eyes. At 5' 8" tall with her slim build but 32C breasts and a round peachy arse, she knew she turned heads despite her emo-type look.
Like her job, she bored of people easily, She didn't really do relationships although was far from being a virgin either. Twenty years old now, she'd had plenty of one-night stands with both men and women. She recalled one of her last flings, she'd been at a pub where a guy was buying her drinks and flirting with her, she was pondering going back with him when his girlfriend strolled over. Edi expected fireworks then but then she announced that she wanted to watch him fuck Edi.
Unexpected but intrigued, Edi had gone back with them. Unfortunately for him, he'd had far too much to drink and fell asleep on the sofa. Not wanting a wasted journey Edi leant over and kissed the girl, who responded. They fucked on the sofa next to her sleeping boyfriend, Edi making her cum several times with her skilful tongue. Despite this, the girl wouldn't do the same and although she made Edi cum by fingering her, Edi was a little frustrated. She asked if she had a dildo handy, and when she came back downstairs with one lay her on the floor, stood over her and made herself cum, squirting all over the girl's face and breasts, much to her disgust. Edi had chuckled to herself all the way home that night.
"Good night Edi," she heard her grandmother say, bringing her back to reality.
"Good night, I'll turn the TV volume down in a little while," Edi replied.
"You know there's no need, you won't wake us," her grandmother replied.
Edi smiled and waved them off. Barely giving them chance to get to the top of the stairs she walked over to a desk in the corner of the room and fired up the laptop. The desk was handy for her other love, suction dildos. Not only did they stick nicely to the surface, but she could also lift her feet on there and spread her legs comfortably. It was also in a very handy position in the room, right by the large french windows looking out towards the rear garden. At the side of the garden, between hers and the neighbour's house, was an alleyway that led towards the street behind theirs, and was commonly used as a handy shortcut to get towards the town centre.
While using the laptop, normally naked or in some of her black lingerie, Edi would deliberately leave the main light on and the curtains open. Knowing there were no lights by her house in the alleyway, she wondered if anyone had stood there and watched her, as she wouldn't be able to see them. One of her quirks was to stick a dildo to the wall, which she'd then give a blowjob to now and again while sitting watching porn, then move it down a little so she could ride it or plug herself, all the while facing the alleyway. She often fantasised about someone climbing the fence and standing by the window, making it obvious they were watching her until she opened the french windows and let them in to fuck her senseless.
Fishing some black holdup stockings from her bag, she undressed and slipped them on. She searched for voyeur porn, particularly for girls being caught using a dildo. Ten minutes later she had a 6" dildo stuck to her leather computer chair, fully inserted into her arse, her legs raised and her ankles resting on both corners. She teased herself by flicking at her clit and then resisting the urge to carry on, edging herself, watching video after video and getting more and more turned on. At one point she heard male voices from the alleyway and looked out, straining her eyes, but couldn't see anyone. Turning one leg onto the back of the sofa nearby and spreading her legs further she rubbed her clit vigorously, this time making herself cum and hoping that someone had been watching.
The following evening she returned from work, walking up the alleyway towards her house, hearing noises coming from the street. getting to the end she saw a car parked up with the boot open, the boot and the back seat full of boxes. Another car was parked on the driveway, and a woman holding the hands of two small children. She was breathtakingly beautiful, around 6' tall with long flowing blonde hair. She looked a little familiar to Edi but she couldn't place why.
"Hurry up with those boxes Josh," she cried out, "the children are hungry after the journey so I'm taking them inside to see to them."
"You're leaving me to bring all of these boxes into the house by myself?" a male voice cried out.
Then he appeared, stepping backwards from where he'd been leaning into the passenger door. His brilliant white t-shirt was far too tight, but Edi knew why he was wearing it. Not only did it highlight his beautiful suntanned skin, but it also perfectly formed along his chest muscles that flexed as he picked up a box, and tight across his six-pack. Picking the box and seeing Edi, he smiled at her.
"Just moving in," he told her, "I'm..."
"Josh, I heard. Do you want a hand as she's left you to it?" Edi asked him.
"I don't want to distract you from your journey," Josh told her.
"I'm home, I live next door," Edi answered, pointing to her house.
He smiled and said yes, his chiselled jaw distracting Edi from what he was saying.
"Just put them in the hallway then, okay?" he told her again, "I'll move them around the house later."
It had been a couple of months since the last family left, and Edi hadn't even noticed the For Sale sign had changed to Sold now. She leant forward and pulled a box from the boot, turning to carry it in and seeing Josh standing behind her, smiling broadly.
"What?" she said, scowling at him.
"Nothing, I was waiting for you to move so I didn't have to squeeze in next to you," he answered.
Edi walked off down the drive to the front door, sensing Josh's eyes still burning into her. She paused at the door and turned in time to see Josh just pulling a box from the boot. The car nearly emptied, Edi pulled a box from the back seat marked bedroom. Holding the sides of the box she squeezed it a little too hard and the tape holding the top opened, the box flaps opening up. Edi stopped and stared into the box, viewing its contents. Lots of lacy lingerie all in pastel colours, some handcuffs and bondage straps, and peeking through them all she spotted the end of a realistic-looking dildo. She heard Josh walk up behind her.
"Nice haul," she told him, "I prefer black undies myself," she continued.
His eyes wandered down her body and back up to face her, a big grin on his face.
"I'll have to take your word for that," he beamed, "for now anyway."
Edi looked him up and down. He was super hot, but so was his wife, so why was he so obviously flirting with her?
"Have you had a good enough look now?" the woman said, snatching the box from Edi.
"Emily, don't be rude, it opened accidentally darling," Josh told her.
Emily shrugged her shoulders, looking Edi up and down.
"Nice eyes, the makeup shows them off very well. I wouldn't have spoilt the look with black lipstick too but, whatever," she told Edi.
Edi didn't know whether she meant it as a compliment or not. At least I have some breasts and an arse to look at, she thought to herself. As much as she tried to raise her profile in her head, despite being extremely slim Emily was ridiculously pretty. Her green eyes sparkled like emeralds, mesmerising, dragging Edi in. As much as she knew she fancied Josh, Emily was up there on the same pedestal. She shook her head. What am I thinking, they're way out of my league?
"I suppose you'll be off now then, run along," Emily blurted out.
"Sorry, she's a little too abrupt for her own good at times," Josh said as Emily turned and walked away.
"It's fine, I've met worse people. At least I don't have to live with her," Edi laughed.
"She's a great person really, she just has to warm to people first before the frosty exterior melts," Josh explained.
Edi turned and walked towards her house, halfway there turning and looking over her shoulder to see Josh staring at her arse. She grinned to herself as she carried on. His wife might well be beautiful but he was still checking her out. Maybe he hadn't been getting as much action, or any at all, since their children had been born?
Josh was on her mind all night, and as soon as her grandparents went to bed the laptop was on and Edi was searching for neighbour porn. She watched a few videos where the husband had left for work and the neighbour called in on the wife knowing she was now alone. She watched a couple where a girl had called the neighbour husband around to her house and seduced him. Edi clicked a random video and it showed a girl undressing, unwittingly being watched by her voyeur neighbour.
As she watched it, from the corner of her eye she saw a light come on in Josh and Emily's house. The previous owners had built a large extension on the back of the house, with a lot of big windows and a large balcony, mainly because from mid-afternoon the area was a suntrap. She'd seen them sunbathing out there a lot, but as they were in their early sixties it wasn't something she wanted to see too often.
She looked up and saw Josh walk across the room and peel off his t-shirt. She watched his chest muscles flex as he undid his belt, then leant and presumably pushed down his jeans. He paused, then walked to the far wall and through a door. Edi unpaused the video she'd been watching, but kept glancing up towards the window. Ten minutes later Josh appeared again, this time with a towel wrapped around his waist, rubbing his hair dry with a smaller towel. Edi watched as he sat on what she assumed was a bed, rubbing his hair, and then he moved the towel and looked straight towards her.
Edi sat back quickly. Slowly she leaned forward again, Josh wasn't looking now but had stood, the towel gone, the top of his buttocks on show. He took a couple of steps towards the bed, then turned to face the window. Oh boy, was that his cock? It reached down his thigh, as suntanned as the rest of him. Edi put her hand on her thigh roughly where it reached to on him, and found a ruler. She placed it along her leg and gasped. If she'd estimated correctly, his cock was around eight inches long and that was flaccid.
She reached down into her bag of tricks she bought out when she had some alone time, and reached out her biggest dildo. Measuring it, that was eight inches long. It would have to do, even though she knew Josh would be bigger than that with an erection. Already nude, she stuck the dildo to her chair and slid down onto it. Leaning forward a little, she watched Josh as she rode her dildo slowly.
He was drying himself down now, then started rubbing across his groin. His cock swung as he dried himself, and then he stood still with his hands on his hips. Edi moved back, still unsure if he could see her or not. Looking again, she couldn't see him. A little disappointed, she suddenly saw a movement on the balcony. Josh stood there, facing directly towards her, Emily kneeling to the side of him licking and sucking his cock. She moved him around, now he was side-on to the house, Edi watching as Emily took his growing cock into her mouth skillfully. At one point she withdrew her mouth from him, and Edi saw his cock in full. Fuck, he must have been around 11" long and Emily was easily deepthroating him. Edi suddenly had a newfound respect for her, that thing would be making her gag for sure.
She didn't try to hide now, still unsure if they could see her or not, instead matching riding the dido to Emily slurping on his cock. Eventually, Emily pulled his cock from her mouth and Josh flooded her face, spurt after spurt flying over her. Emily loosed her grip on him and started scooping his semen into her mouth with her fingers, turning at looking towards Edi as she did so, Edi cumming as she slumped down on the dildo. She sat still for a while, slumped onto the back of the chair. Looking back again, the couple had gone.
The following night, hoping for a sequel, Edi put on her favourite black bodystocking, crotchless with open cups. She watched some more voyeur porn, men spying on women masturbating, but the lights were still off next door. Edi thought she could see movement but neither Josh nor Emily appeared. She thought she could see shadows but with their lights off, couldn't see clearly. In the hope Josh was watching, she stuck the 8" dildo to the french windows and turning her back, held it in place against her arsehole and pushed herself back until her buttocks pressed against the glass.
Holding steady with her arse plugged, she stuck a smaller dildo to the desk and started riding the dildo, taking one fully into her mouth as the other almost left her arse. Imagining Josh behind her, it didn't take long for her to squirt all over the windows. She glanced towards their house and saw still no light on. Squatting, she licked her juices off the glass. What she didn't know was that Josh was fucking Emily from behind on their bed, facing towards Edi who they could both see better without their own light on.
The next three nights passed much the same, Edi looking out for their lights but them not being on. By the fourth night, she'd reverted to her usual procedure, not even looking out for them. She told herself she was being delusional anyway, why would either of these beautiful creatures be looking at her when they had each other to look at? On Saturday Edi had a part-time shift at work, helping out to cover a holiday. Walking out of her house she saw Emily by their front door.
"Hi, Edi, can we chat for a while, with Josh?" she asked her.
"I'm on my way to work, I'll be late if I stop sorry," Edi replied.
"I'll drop you off then we'll talk later, I can have a browse around while I'm there then," Emily told her, walking and opening the passenger door of her car for Edi.
"It's the boutique in the town, isn't it? I saw you in there the other day," Emily asked.
They chatted casually on the journey, Emily parking in the small customer car park and walking in with her. She wandered around for a while, pulling her face at some of the clothes, then went to the counter where Edi was standing waiting to serve. She placed down a few items of underwear, all unsurprising pastel colours, but all lacey and mostly g-string or thong bottoms.
"Very good choices, they'd still be better in black though," Edi smiled.
Emily asked what time she finished, and asked Edi if she could pop around at about 6 pm. Edi told her that would be fine, then spent the rest of the day pondering what they wanted. Had they seen her? Were they not pleased with her antics? Maybe she was reading too much into it and it was for a completely different reason they wanted to talk to her.
Finishing her shift Edi nervously went to their house, deciding to go now rather than go home first. Josh opened the door, predictable tight t-shirt but also tight shorts. Please don't stare at his crotch Edi told herself. Letting her in, she walked in to be mobbed by the two twins. They wobbled over to her, both having not too long ago taken their first steps, grabbing a leg each and clinging on. Edi had worn a black skirt today, with black tights on, and their little fingers grabbed at the nylon.
"Hello little ones," she laughed, ruffling their hair with her hands.
Emily walked over and pulled them away, saying that at least they liked her. She sat on the sofa with them, Josh sitting next to her and offering Edi a seat on a huge leather armchair.
"Straight to the point, we're looking for someone a little adventurous to come over now and again," Emily said.
Adventurous? What? Where was this conversation leading Edi thought? Josh laughed.
"Abrupt as always darling," he laughed, "We're looking for someone to babysit while we go out to dinner occasionally. By adventurous, Emily means someone who will interact and play with the children, not sit bored on their phones while they run about everywhere."
He looked at Edi who still looked a little reflective.
"You'll only need to be here from around 6 pm until 9 pm, and the children both go to bed at 7 pm anyway so you'll have a couple of hours to yourself until we return. £100 per night okay?" Josh explained.
"£100? For three hours? What's the catch?" Edi asked, nervously laughing.
Emily pulled out a sheet of paper, about A4 in size.
"You'll need to sign this disclosure. You don't talk about anything you see in this house, about anything you hear in this house, about anything that happens in this house," Emily told her quite sternly.
Edi was still puzzled, and then noticed a poster on the wall behind her.
"Oh god, that's where I know you from. The lady in that perfume ad on the TV," she exclaimed.
"Yes, we're both models, Emily had done more TV work than me but we're still quite big names on the circuit," Josh said.
"Hence the disclosure, we can't risk any silly little misunderstanding ruining our careers," Emily said, glaring at Edi and then Josh as she said it.
Edi pondered her decision, only for a short while though. Her job wasn't the best paid, but it was conveniently close by and not the hardest job to do, and that £100 would boost her savings considerably, even if just once a week. She grabbed a pen and signed the paper, handing it back to Emily.
"When do I start?" she said eagerly.
Josh asked her if she could do Wednesday that week, and Edi smiled and said she'd see them both then. It seemed like forever until Wednesday came around, and then shortly before 6 pm, she rang the doorbell. Josh answered the door wearing a shirt and waistcoat, it was the first time Edi hadn't seen him in one of his tight t-shirts. The twins, Isla and Leo, were plodding around the sitting room, walking between both sofas, chasing each other and laughing loudly. They were like little replicas of their parents, Isla blonde like her mum and Leo a brunette like his father.
Edi sat on the floor and called out to them, and they instantly walked to her and threw themselves on her, knocking her backwards where she lay, laughing with them as they tried climbing all over her. She saw Josh looking and smiling, and reached down to pull her skirt back down as it had ridden up. She heard a noise and looked up to see Emily coming down the stairs, wearing a stunning full-length royal blue dress with a long split up one side.
"Oh wow, you look amazing. Doesn't mummy look amazing?" she said to the twins.
Both clambered off her and walked to their mum before she handed them back and they both kissed them goodnight.
"We'll be back around 9 pm, don't forget to get them ready for bed at around 7 pm please, they have a routine to stick to," Emily asked.
Emily and Josh left to the sounds of laughter as the twins attacked Edi once again, Edi sprawled out across the floor, playing like this was a regular occurrence. She read the list of instructions Emily had left, and by 7.15 pm both of the twins were fast asleep. Josh had told her that they would both sleep right through but to listen out just in case, but Edi heard not a peep out of them.
She looked at the clock, scrolled through social media, and then looked again. Only ten minutes had passed, and she had over an hour until Josh and Emily arrived back. She almost wished she'd bought her laptop with her. Edi decided to have a look around the house, to see how much different it was from her own home. The kitchen at the back of the house was huge, large doors opened out onto a big decking area, part of the extension.
Edi had already been upstairs, but only to the room the twins shared at the front of the house. There was a toilet, and a huge bathroom and then she strolled through a door into a huge bedroom. This was where she'd seen Josh the other night then, it had been a bed he was sitting on. The walls were virtually all glass, just small panels of brickwork along the bottom edge. The far side had an ensuite shower room. Edi walked over to the windows ad looked out. She could see her grandfather sitting and watching TV on their sofa. Behind him was the desk with Edi's laptop on, she could just see the edge of the chair but not the backrest.
Curiosity took over and Edi started opening drawers and looking through the walk-in wardrobe at Emily's extensive range of dresses. She sat on the bed and opened the top drawer in the bedside chest of drawers. Various face and body creams were laid out very neatly, and a selection of face masks. Edi opened the middle drawer and it was full of bras and undies, all of them predictably pastel colours. The bottom drawer contained more lingerie, this time a wide range of different coloured stockings, pastels of course but also whites too, and lace bodysuits and silk teddies and chemises amongst them.
A little put out that Emily didn't have dildos in there, she picked out a lace bodysuit and lay back on the bed to put it over her. Her head hit the very soft pillows and she felt something underneath. Twisting to look and putting her hand under the pillow, she pulled out a strap-on harness with a 12" realistic dildo attached. Edi gasped at the size of the dildo, its girth as well as how long it was. She closed her eyes and traced her fingers along the shaft, imagining it was Josh. She put the dildo in her mouth and started to lick around the end.
She could feel her pussy getting damper, and looked up at the clock. It would be around forty-five minutes before they got back if they were on time, enough time for Edi to try it out. Putting the dildo on the bed she knelt by the bed and lowered her head down, taking the cock into her mouth. Try as she might, Edi couldn't manage more than half of it before gagging loudly. The shaft all slippy with her spit, she moved to the corner bedpost and wrapped the harness around the corner, keeping it reasonably tight.
Edi stood, pulled her skirt up and slid down her damp knickers. She rubbed a hand through her wet folds, then knelt on the floor and backed up until the dildo pushed against her labia, pushing them apart. Holding the dildo steady with one hand while supporting herself with the other, she wiggled her hips so the dildo pushed inside. She closed her eyes, imagining Josh again, pushing her hips back a little more each time. The dildo pushed inside her, more and more until she felt so full. Moving her hand down, she could feel there was still around three inches of the dildo still to go.
She paused, panting heavily, plucking up the courage to go further. Pulling her hips forward, she took a deep breath and pushed back hard.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she cried out loudly as she felt her arse touch against the wooden bedpost.
Edi paused, listening out for the twins, convinced she'd screamed loud enough to wake them, but heard nothing. She paused for breath again, then slowly started to push back and forth on the dildo, her buttocks feeling the wood bedpost each time she pushed back. Getting used to the length now, she started quickening her pace, encouraging imaginary Josh to fuck her harder. Suddenly, she heard a key in the front door downstairs.
Panic set in. Edi fumbled with the harness, trying desperately to remove the strap-on dildo from the bedpost. It seemed like forever but she finally managed it, putting it back under the pillow where she'd found it, and quietly sneaking out of the room. Scrunching her knickers up tight in her hand, she saw Emily walking up the stairs.
"Oh, there you are, how have things been?" she asked, "everything okay I hope?"
"Yeah, fine, I thought I heard one of the children so I came up to check," Edi answered.
"Okay, you needn't have worried, once asleep they don't wake up until morning. You look a little flushed though," Emily told her.
"No, I'm fine," Edi replied.
They walked downstairs to see Josh sitting on a sofa, his shirt unbuttoned.
"Did you enjoy the tour of the house?" he asked, smiling at Edi.
"I was checking on the children," she answered.
Josh held his phone up to her, showing her he had an app open.
"Motion sensors, we had them at the last place too. We always activate them when out, I put them on tonight on auto-pilot, forgetting you were here."
Edi tried not to show her fear, did they know how long she'd been in their bedroom then?
"I was checking out the view from your bedroom for a while, those larger windows all around let you see quite a lot don't they?" she said, hoping they'd buy her little white lie.
"Yes, you do get some interesting viewing," Emily smirked.
Edi made her excuses and left, getting back home just in time for her grandparents to tell her they were going to bed. Thinking of Emily's words she turned on the laptop, looking for their bedroom lights, but nothing. She searched for porn with BWC, half thinking of Josh and half with the strap-on dildo in mind. She stuck her dildo onto the chair and started riding it. Normally it would have been fine, but tonight she had been spoilt, and it didn't seem the same.
Edi stopped watching porn and instead spent some time searching online, browsing different sites until she found perfection. A site had in stock an 11" realistic-looking extra girthy dildo, realistic veins bulging along the shaft, and a suction cup base. Not only that but the site did next-day delivery, and only having a few left there was a special offer, so she bit the bullet and ordered two, one in flesh pink and the other in black. In anticipation and with something in mind to try, she stuck two dildos to the french windows and rode them both, one anally and the other vaginally, until she squirted hard against the glass.
Her legs turned to jelly and she slumped to the floor, recovering her breath she looked up to see the bedroom light next door. Unable to see either Emily or Josh, she wondered if one had been watching her. Next door, Emily had gone into the bedroom and saw the bedclothes untidy, one corner pushed up onto the bed. She walked to the pillows and withdrew the strap-on dildo, holding it to her nose as Josh walked in.
"She found it then," she smirked at Josh, "and judging by that I think she enjoyed it too," she continued, pointing down to where Edi was riding the dildos against her french windows.
"You think we should ask her already then?" Josh asked.
"Let's hope she takes it better than the last one and doesn't run a mile," Emily smiled.
Edi was scared the next day, thinking Josh and Emily knew what she'd done and were going to be angry with her, but she'd seen both and they'd simply smiled, waved and said hello to her. She thought it had been a mistake not being able to clean the dildo off, but she seemed to have got away with it. getting back from work on Friday Josh saw her and called her over.
"I know you came around on Wednesday but we've got a meeting tomorrow for a potential new shoot, it will involve a few drinks so we might be later than normal, will you be able to babysit again?" he asked her.
"Another £100? No problem, What time do you think you'll be back?" she responded.
"Hopefully before midnight, it depends on how the meeting goes and how much we may need to schmooze up to people. Do you have a drink of choice and I'll get you a bottle in, only for after Isla and Leo are in bed mind," Josh explained.
Edi smiled and told him that would be great, and she'd tell her grandparents she'd be back long after they'd gone to bed, and it didn't matter how late as she didn't have work on Sunday. She saw Josh's eyes light up at that news, and he told her she was more than welcome to stay over if she wanted, they didn't have a spare bed but the sofa would be very comfortable. Edi thanked him and told him it would be a great idea after a few drinks, but would probably go home as it was only next door.
The following evening Edi went around a little early, shortly after 5.30 pm. Emily answered the door, accompanied by little Isla and Leo, who both beamed at seeing Edi.
"I'm glad you're here, I've had to stop getting ready and leave Josh to it so I could keep an eye on these little monsters," she laughed, "shall I take your bag?"
Edi clutched it to her chest, then told Emily it was her laptop and a few bits and pieces, to give her something to do while they were out. She asked Emily to give her a couple of minutes while she used the toilet, she really should have gone before leaving her own house. Edi put the bag by the sofa, and then Emily watched as she walked up the stairs, her arse swishing about under her black flared skirt, her nylon-clad legs, watching her breasts jiggle from the side as she walked up the stairs out of sight.
Edi knew the toilet was at the far end of the hallway and would need to walk past their bedroom door to get to it. She saw the door was open, glanced behind her and saw Emily distracted by the twins, and slowed as she walked towards the door. Getting nearly level she paused, and almost gasped out loud. Josh faced the door naked, towel over his head as he dried his hair, his cock swinging from side to side as he did so. The crotchless pantyhose Edi had put on ready for later came in handy already, and her hand strayed under her skirt and onto her clit. It felt so good, but she knew she couldn't stay there.
She used the toilet and went back down, took over playing with the kids while Emily went to finish getting ready herself. They both came back down not long after, Josh looking handsome in a crisp white shirt with a royal blue suit on, but Edi was mesmerised by Emily. She wore a floor-length emerald green dress and splits up both legs to her upper thighs showing her legs in white nylon. The colour of the dress was a perfect match for her eyes. Josh told her the bottle of vodka she'd asked for was on the unit in the kitchen for later, and just as he'd finished saying it their taxi arrived.
Edi played with the twins for a while, chasing them around the sitting room, mainly to tire them out quicker too. After changing and putting them to bed, they were both fast asleep within five minutes. She watched them for a while, then went down and fetched the bottle from the kitchen. She poured herself a large glass then settled on the sofa and unzipping her bag, took out her laptop.
She started off watching random porn, watching a video then watching one of the others linked from the same page, wondering where it would take her. One of the videos was a brunette in crotchless pantyhose at first, it was a compilation video of her in various outdoor places, masturbating with people walking past unknown like she'd be squatting behind a wall or hedge. It was almost like the girl was hoping to get caught, and it reminded her of herself, hoping that Josh or Emily had been watching her.
Edi peeled off her t-shirt and unclasped her black bra, and put them into her bag. Next, she stood and pushed the skirt down off her hips, standing now dressed only in pantyhose and her black trainers. She put the skirt into her bag too, then walked out into the garden, and moved across to the fence by the alleyway. She could hear herself breathing heavily, her nipples erect, and her pussy starting to leak down her thighs. Edi moved along the fence slowly, away from the house, until she heard voices coming towards her. She squatted down and as they approached on the other side of the fence, ran her fingers along her pussy and then up inside herself.
Three fingers were thrust inwards, while she bit lightly on a finger of her other hand, trying to quieten herself. The voices got louder as they got nearer, and the nearer they got the quicker Edi fingered herself. They walked past her and continued up the alleyway, Edi not understanding how they hadn't heard the loud squelching of her fingers. Their voices tailing off, Edi shook and came, her back slumping against the fence as she did so.
Regaining her composure, her heart thumping at how close people had been to her without knowing she was there or what she was doing, had been exhilarating. She went back into the house and listened by the bottom of the stairs. There was no sound from the children. Going back to the sofa she put her hand into her bag and pulled out one of her new large suction dildos. She stroked her hand along it, then put it to her mouth and licked and ran her tongue along the shaft.
Remembering what she'd just done, she took the dildo and went up to Josh and Emily's bedroom. Putting one leg up on the bed while holding the dildo still, she imagined Josh lying on the bed while she straddled him. She eased herself down onto the dildo, slowly and surely, rising back up then sinking again. It took some doing, she wasn't used to a dildo this size, but eventually, she'd managed to get all of the dildo inside her. She stopped and paused for a while, enjoying the feeling of it stretching her, then looked over towards the windows thinking she'd heard something.
Suddenly she had an idea. Holding the dildo in place she kept her legs as tight together as possible and made her way over to the window. She turned and wiped across her thighs, used her leaking juices to wet the suction cup base, and then backed onto the window. Feeling it stick, she started riding the dildo. At this angle, she knew anyone who walked up the alleyway might be able to see her there. She fucked the dildo for a while, then had another idea.
Deciding to crank up the excitement, she slid herself off the dildo and went over to turn on the light, knowing now that she'd be more visible to anyone in the dark alleyway. She rode the dildo again, then went a little further. She rubbed her fingers around and lubed up her arsehole, then withdrew from the dildo and held it against her willing arse. Again it took some doing, Edi using her hands to spread her buttocks and make her puckered arsehole more accessible. The feeling of her arse being so full, and hoping people were about to see her, Edi fingered her clit and came hard again, squirting down the glass window.
It was almost 11 pm now, so Edi decided to pack her things away and wait for Josh and Emily to arrive home. Sitting on the sofa, she'd put the TV on but wasn't watching anything particular, starting to doze off after her exertions and drinking more of the vodka, she heard the front door open.
"Hi, how have things been?" Josh asked.
"Are your knees dirty?" Emily asked.
"I thought I heard noises and slipped when I went out," Edi lied.
Emily laughed, then winked at Josh and told him to keep her company while she went to get changed. Josh undid the zip at the back of her dress for her, Edi noticing she had no bra on. Not that she needed one with her little breasts she thought. Josh sat on the sofa with her, pouring her another large glass of vodka and unbuttoning the top three buttons of his shirt. He smiled when he saw her staring at his chest muscles. He sat facing her, one knee up on the cushions, knowing this angle showed off his cock against his trousers. Again, he smiled at seeing Edi's face as she noticed.
Then she gasped and he looked behind him. Emily walked down the stairs, staring at them both, the emerald green dress had been replaced by an emerald green lace babydoll nightie, complete with a white lace g-string and white hold-up stockings. Her hair had been brushed back off her face and fixed up in a ponytail. Completing the look, she held the strap-on dildo in her hand. Josh undid the rest of the buttons on his shirt and Edi looked on open-mouthed.
"You haven't used this tonight, did you bring your own?" Emily asked.
"I don't know what you mean," Edi pleaded.
"You did the other night, you didn't clean it and I could smell you on it. Tonight, you didn't wipe the window after yourself," Emily explained.
Edi gulped. She remembered cumming on the huge dildo, going to the bathroom to clean it off later, but had forgotten to wipe the window down. Fuck. She looked up from the floor and back at Emily, Fuck. she might not have very big breasts, but boy those nipples were huge, they must have been around an inch and a half long. Emily smiled at her and slid her g-string down her legs, kicking it off her ankles. Eyes transfixed on Edi, who couldn't look away either, Emily fixed the strap-on dildo around her waist. Edi's mind raced, what did she have planned? A noise to the side of her made her look, Josh now standing on the other side of her stroking his cock, inches from Edi's face.
"You can watch at first if you want, if it freaks you out just say so and you can leave. Remember you signed the disclosure though, which we have safe," Emily told her.
She walked over to Edi and pulled her to her feet, leaned down and gently kissed her, then slid her tongue into her mouth. Edi reciprocated, their tongues entwined. She felt hands pulling her skirt down, and Emily's hands pulled her t-shirt over her head. Edi stood in just her crotchless pantyhose, Emily in front kissing her passionately and playing with her nipples, rubbing them across her own. Josh stood behind her, her cock pressed into her lower back, his hand stroked softly across her arse and then between her legs.
"She's soaking wet," he announced.
Edi waited for their next move, wondering what they had planned for her. When they moved, she was confused. Emily slumped back on the sofa, holding the dildo upright and covering it with a bottle of lube she'd pulled out from nowhere like a magic trick. Josh stood with his back to her, facing Edi, a big smile on his face. Edi saw Emily's hands moving behind him, Josh wincing a couple of times. Suddenly, completely shocking Edi, he lowered himself down onto the dildo. Edi watched in awe, it was obvious this wasn't his first time as he lowered himself, slowly but not pausing, until he was right down to the base.
"I normally give him a hand job now, but you can suck his cock instead," Emily instructed, "we both know you want to."
Edi stared down as Josh stroked his cock. As unusual a situation as she found herself in, his cock was so inviting. Kneeling, she slid a tongue down his cock from the tip to the base, and back up again. Josh moved slightly, one leg on the cushions now so he leant to the side of Emily who now watched eagerly to see Edi playing with him. Edi licked along his shaft, across his balls, then licked around his arsehole where the dildo stretched him.
Edi felt hands on her hair, guiding her back up, then pushing her mouth down onto Josh. She paused, looking at Emily who smiled and winked at her, then opened her mouth and took him in. Edi surprised herself by taking six inches straight in, she'd practised on her new dildos but Josh seemed fatter. She felt hands on the back of her head again, not forcing her but guiding her head further down. She bobbed her head, taking a little more each time, enjoying the sound of Josh groaning loudly. Edi was just getting used to him, getting into a rhythm, when Emily's hands pulled her up again.
"Sit on him now," she told her, gripping the base of Josh's cock, "put your feet on the sofa and grind your hips on him."
She didn't need the instructions, Edi couldn't wait to feel his cock inside her at last. She straddled him, feet on either side of the couple, then lowered herself down. She cried out as he filled her, sinking lower with a little help from Emily's hands on her shoulders. Emily guided her to ride him, setting the pace, Josh biting and nibbling on each of Edi's nipples while Emily pushed her tongue down her throat and kissed her passionately.
"Do you think you can take him anally, that's what Josh really wants?" Emily suddenly blurted out.
"Please?" Josh whimpered, "Emily doesn't like anal."
"Giving it, yes. Doing it, no," Emily said.
She told Edi to turn around and bend over, and then Josh rubbed his fingers along his shaft, lubing up his fingers and inserting them into Edi's arse. She yelped at first, then relaxed. When she was ready, Josh pulled her back and guided her down onto his cock. Halfway down, and thinking her arse was going to split, Emily put her hands on her shoulders and pushed her down. Edi yelped again with her arse now full.
She sat still for a few seconds, then started riding him slowly. she could feel each vein rubbing her insides, the end feeling like it was going to burst out of her stomach, and as she settled into a rhythm she felt fingers on her clit. It didn't take long before her body shook violently and she came harder than she had done for a while.
Edi felt herself being moved, lifted off Josh and walked over to the coffee table. Hands placed hers on the far side, her feet planted on the floor, and she felt Josh pushed into her arse again. This time he started to fuck her, and then her head was turned to the side, where Emily had placed a large mirror.
"Keep watching the mirror," Emily told her.
She watched as Emily went behind Josh and lining up the dildo, slid it effortlessly into his arse again. Now, as she fucked Josh, it pushed him forwards into Edi. She watched, mesmerised, wondering if any future remakes of the Human Centipede film would be like this. Josh pulled her legs around, tighter together, and this added grip combined with Emily fucking his arse had him cumming, shooting spurt after spurt of his semen deep into Edi's arse.
Josh pulled out and moved away, Edi feeling hands push her thighs wide apart again. Emily knelt behind her, licking her pussy and arse as Josh's cum seeped out of it. Her fingers strayed to Edi's clit again, rubbing fast, Edi's hips bucking and grinding against Emily as she came again.
"Are you ready again?" she heard Emily say.
Josh told her yes and Edi was moved again, this time slumped over the arm of the sofa. She felt Josh's cock bump against her mouth, and then Emily pulled her buttocks apart and slid the dildo into her pussy. As Emily fucked Edi, Josh held his cock in place as Edi's mouth was forced down onto it. Emily alternated between fucking her pussy and then her arse until Edi heard Josh mumble something to Emily. She felt the strap-on dildo withdrawn from her, Josh getting up and positioning himself behind her while Emily lay on the sofa. Now, as Josh fucked Edi, her face was pushed between Emily's wide-open legs, the strap-on having been removed.
Josh did the same as Emily had, fucking her pussy for around a minute, then her arse, then her pussy again. Edi had slid her fingers into Emily's pussy, her tongue flicking out as it got pushed across Emily's clit with each thrust from Josh. Josh leaned into her, holding her head down, his weight on her back as he fucked her harder and harder. He stopped alternating now, concentrating on fucking Edi's arse as hard as he possibly could. He moved his hands and gripped her shoulders, giving him extra momentum to his thrusts. Edi sensed Emily was getting closer as her hands gripped the back of Edi's head until she cried out loudly and squirted over Edi's face.
Edi concentrated now on her arse being fucked, Josh certainly had some stamina, she knew he'd already cum once but her grip on his cock was relentless, and she was impressed with his staying power. Suddenly she felt a tongue on her clit again, Emily knelt between her legs again. Her tongue flicked over Edi's clit and along Josh's shaft until Josh started grunting loudly. Edi felt a sudden rushed movement, Emily lying on the sofa alongside her, twisting Edi so she lay on her back, their faces together.
She felt a breeze rush into her gaping arsehole as Josh withdrew, and then suddenly he was stood over them, wanking furiously. Emily opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out, encouraging Edi to do so too. Josh started cumming again, flooding both the girl's faces with his sticky load, spurt after spurt flying across them. Once he'd finished, the girls licked his cock clean simultaneously, one on each side then started licking each other's faces clean, savouring the mixture of juices on each other.
Edi slumped back lying on the sofa and then looked down at herself. Her pantyhose were soaked, and the wet nylon stuck to her thighs like it had been sprayed on. Emily herself was no better, her white stockings almost non-visible above the knees where her juices had run. The sofa was wet through, glistening in the light, especially on the arm that Edi had been bent over.
"Well, do you still want to stay over?" Josh grinned.
"I can't sleep on there," Edi answered.
"You can always join us upstairs," Emily told her.
"Some other time maybe," Edi replied.
"Well, she wants to do it again by the sound of it," Josh laughed.
"Yeah, and next time I get to use the strap-on?" Edi asked.