My wife and I have been together for almost 25 years. We married fairly young. We've been a part of the swinging community for over 10 years. Although we've been with many couples over the years, our true kink is Hotwifing.
It's important to note this is not a cuckolding situation. We just love the "Stag/Vixen dynamic. She loves the attention and I love watching her put on a show.
We're in our mid 40's but look at least 10 years younger, in fact that's probably our sweet spot when we play with couples, typically they're in their early to mid 30's. My wife Jessica's body is bangin, curvy in all the right places, small waist, perfect.. more than a handful breasts and a nice big booty. Just how I like it. She has long black hair all the way down to that ass.
While I may eventually include some Hotwife stories, I'm starting this with a deeper more personal kink. It has a name I've found out via the internet. Candaulism, is a sexual practice or fantasy in which one person exposes their partner, or images of their partner, to other people for their voyeuristic pleasure. Candaulism is also associated with voyeurism and exhibitionism.
That's it, that's what keeps me up at night, re-living past experiences and fantasizing about new ones.
I'm not a writer, I'm not trying to be. This is as much for me as it is for you. I'm telling these stories to get my crazy perverse mind in order and live these experiences again by writing them down. So I'll ask for some grace when it comes to being grammatically correct. I probably haven't written anything substantial since high school.
I will try to use paragraphs and punctuation because it drives me nuts to read stories without them! All of these stories are 100% true, except of course for names and locations. Though I may include some fantasy stories, which are actually just hopeful future events I've been trying to make happen. Some of these stories may not end how you want them to, or you may feel they're anticlimactic. But they're great memories for me and what really happened.
So there's some background for ya. Now for a story.
I think this may be the first time I realized I loved exposing my wife. Don't worry, she's not innocent either! We were at a good friends house for a birthday party. Charlie has been my friend since we were 17 year old trouble makers. The party included many old friends dating back to my late teens and early 20's. We frequently party at his and his wife's house because there's plenty of room to crash, and a hot tub.
Fast forward through the fun hang out and day drinking to the memorable portion of the night. Most people were gone.
We decided to crash, as well as another friend ( Richie) and his wife. I bet you're thinking...3 couples! This is a swinger story! But it is not. It became clear that it was time to hit the hot tub. Jessica and I, Charlie and his wife hopped in first. We know each other so long we don't even bother to wear suits. Hey! This is a swinger story! I promise it's not!
Richie is a few years older than us. In fact he knew Jessica before I did, he was 2 years ahead of her way back in grammar school, which for me makes the story way, way more interesting.
Him and his wife decided to join us in the hot tub. She wore a suit, but eventually The top came off, I didn't mind. Richie jumped in au naturel. Wait, this sounds very swingery..it isn't!
It's a very large hot tub, so no one is really touching parts. But what's going through my head is, Jessica just saw a very old friend naked. Interesting, but not the point of the story. What I was thinking about, and if anyone was able to see my cock under the water would tell you, though the water was high and bubbling, Richie was getting glimpses of Jessica's tits. I know Charlie has seen them before, that added to the excitement for sure.
Wow. Now I'm thinking..what's Richie thinking?! He's known her since they were kids! This must be blowing his mind!
I could not stop thinking about it! Imagining Richie, all these years, never knowing what was under Jessica's shirt.
Had he ever thought about that? Fantasized about Jessica naked? As a man with eyes, I'd bet anything he certainly did.
The night went on, good times, talking, downing beers then tossing them backwards out of the hot tub. All the while, the waves and bubbles of the tub revealing tiny glimpses of Jessica's tits to Richie, who was sitting across from us. If his wife checked what was happening in her husband's lap I'm sure she'd be surprised.
It was getting late and the wives (except for my own) decided it was time to hit the sack, the guys opted to hang out a while longer, I wonder why. Ok now Jessica is going to fuck all 3 of us right? No! I told you this is not a swinger story, or really a Hotwife story.
The hot part is about to come, a more cerebral feeling, a mind fuck.
Jessica knows me very well. My mind needs to be turned on, my cock follows.
But like I said earlier, she's not innocent either. She's enjoying this. This tension. Being the obvious center of attention. And thinking to herself, how hot it is that Richie, her childhood friend is getting little peeks of a soft, wet pink nipple here and there.
This is when my wife reminded me of why I love her so much. Whether she really needed to or not, I suspect not, she announced she needed to use the bathroom. She then rose out of the water, her wet naked body glistening in the light coming from beneath the water. I know that's cheesy as hell, but it's what was going through my mind. The steam was rising up around her. I realized Richie didn't know she was bottomless and got an eyeful of her shaved wet pussy.
She glided past us, All eyes fixed on parts of her they've only dreamed of. She lifted her leg over the edge of the tub, her beautiful ass inches from Richies face. I wonder if he caught a glimpse of her pussy from behind, I like to think that he did.
This was driving me insane! After she was over the edge, facing us, her bare breasts for all to see, dripping. She slowly looked for a towel to dry off before heading into the house. She purposely (I found out later) took her time and lingered a bit.
She didn't immediately wrap the towel around her, she slowly, seductively dried off, giving us all a show. Her tits and bare shaved pussy on display. There was complete silence except for the bubbling water. Jaws were dropping. She retreated to the house.
That's not the end though. We assumed she was done for the night. A few minutes later she returned and repeated every sexy step in reverse before submerging her self back beneath the surface of the water. A devious smile on her face.
We eventually all exited the tub, stealing more glances at Jessica, taking mental snapshots for the future. Richie was staying on the lower level of the house, so he said goodnight and headed in. We were staying on the top level, so Charlie, Jessica and I headed up the deck stairs. I wasn't done.
This had been too much to take. I asked Jessica to sit down on a lounge chair on the deck. "Why don't you open up your towel?" I said. She did, lying back a bit giving us a lovely view. As if on queue, Charlie and I began to rub our cocks as Jessica laid back and enjoyed the show. " You can cum on her" I told Charlie.
Charlie exploded on her, I was soon to follow. She took a few moments to enjoy the results of her little show and used the towel to clean herself up.
Years later I still think of the moment she rose from the water of the hot tub as one of the hottest things I've ever seen. What was going through her mind when she made that decision? That's what gets to me.
After that we all had sufficient spank bank material for quite a while, and I'm sure took it out on our significant others later that night when we all went to bed.
This may have not turned out like you hoped, but that's how it happened. And it was enough. To us it was naughty, it was dangerously taboo. It lit a spark in me that has grown into a roaring fire. I can't get enough of it. I've scoured the internet for anything resembling this type of story and they're hard to come by. These are the stories I like to read, so I will write them myself.
The End.
I really hope you enjoyed this tale! There are hopefully many to came from my memory banks so stay tuned!