The old man had agreed with Mr Oldham that given her exploits of the previous day they would tell Katie that she could take the day off. However, a number of calls were quickly made and plans put in place that would embrace Katie's growing sexual desires.
After she had woke and her mind had cleared, she found that her body was already pulsing and on a complete high. Katie showered and immediately felt revitalised. She walked back in to the shops fitting area and without being asked to do so she took her place in the middle of the room in anticipation of the days outfit.
Whilst conducting aphrodisiac massage the old man explained to Katie that Mr. Oldham had been very pleased with the commitment she had shown in the office yesterday and as a reward she had been given the day off. The news left Katie glowing with pride. To know that she had pleased Mr. Oldham meant everything to her. The old man continued with his chatter and suggested that she take advantage of the sunny weather and that she might want to visit the local park where her company had a sponsored stand at a local show. The old man gave Katie little chance to respond and continued with his chatter.
After thoroughly enjoying massaging oil in to Katie's soft flesh the old man's attention moved to the 'outfit' for the day. Given that she would need to be 'dressed' in order to get to the park the old man had been busy and had tailored a summer outfit for the occasion. In the old man's mind 'simplicity' was the order of the day.
The top was a simple white short cotton t-shirt. On seeing the top Katie's heart almost sank, but the old man reassured her that for a relaxing day in the park it would be perfect. The old man pulled the tight t-shirt over Katie's head and down over her huge tits where it then curled underneath and fitted snugly around her torso. As the old man let go of the tight t-shirt her tits bounced and took a few seconds to stop jiggling and to come to a standstill. The tight white cotton moulded itself to her every curve and her oiled tits instantly soaked it through making it almost transparent. The thin material did nothing to hide them, in fact it exaggerated them even more. On her slim frame her immense tits jutted straight out with her erect pierced nipples creating two small towers in the cotton. The shape, size and colour of her pierced nipples was unmistakable.
As Katie continued to admire the way the tight t-shit hugged her body the old man grabbed a small pair of denim micro shorts from his bench and asked Katie to step in to them.
The micro shorts had been cut in such an extreme way that they provided little more cover than a thong. The old man slid the shorts up Katie's legs and fastened the waist band with a small press stud at the front. The top of the shorts sat so low on her hips that her tuft of pussy hair easily poked out over the top. The shorts were no more than 2 inches wide with just a thin strip running between her legs. Katie ass was almost entirely exposed and in front that same thin strip barely concealed her clit and pussy. Before she could say anything, the old man reached down between her legs and before she knew what he was doing he pushed two fingers in to her wet pussy. The shorts were not only extremely small, they were also crotchless. From below her pussy to her ass hole the thin strip had been cut open.
Katie's body shuddered as the old man withdrew his fingers. She turned toward the mirrors to check the shorts out. The cut of the denim covering her pussy and ass was already obscene, but whilst standing you couldn't tell that the shorts were crotchless. The old man had her sit on a small stool and open her legs. The crotch simply gapped open as soon as she sat down and her pussy was on full display and the exposure was the same for her ass hole. The old man studied the cut of the shorts for a little while and then asked Katie to quickly remove them. For the next 5 minutes the old man worked feverishly on the shorts before sliding them back up Katie's legs and buttoning them in place.
The old man had trimmed and re-stitched the thin strip of denim between her legs. It was even narrower and Katie's engorged pussy lips could be seen bulging out on each side. The ass strip had also been narrowed and was in danger of disappearing entirely between her ass cheeks. The old man hadn't stopped there and Katie could see that he had extended the crotchless slit between her legs. Now, even when standing, the you could see the opening reaching up from between her legs to expose the bottom of her glistening pussy. In back the much longer cut also provided a full view between her tight ass cheeks through to her puckered hole.
The old man wanted Katie's body to bounce and sway as she walked and so he had her put on a pair of tall white heels. As she took a few steps around the fitting room the sway from her large tits caused the t-shirt to stretch and bounce in continual motion. Although her tits remained under cover, they could clearly be seen through the thin cotton as could her achingly erect nipples that were now threatening to break through. Acting on impulse the old man grabbed a cutting blade from his bench and stood in front of Katie. With none of his normal precise measurements he lifted the blade to the neck of the t-shirt and cut a slash to a full two thirds of the way down. The tight t-shirt immediately burst open to reveal a mass of cleavage. The rather hap hazard cut had left the slash a little jagged and the material was stretched and pulled to differing degrees over each of her tits. The effect was masterful. Now when Katie walked round the room the t-shirt moved with each step and her tits swayed and bounced with the very distinct possibility of breaking free.
To the relief of the old man the weather report had been spot on. The sun was already high in the sky and blazing away. He gave Katie a small bag that he had packed with small water bottle, a little money and a horse shoe shaped double dildo in case she needed to find some relief in the park. Katie's eyes lit up on seeing the dildo and her mind raced ahead to when she might get to use it.
Katie had been a little apprehensive about going out in public wearing such a revealing outfit but a combination of her new found liberation, the old man's reassurances and the extra dose of aphrodisiac soon had her feeling excited. With her excitement levels rising, her body began to respond and she could feel the heat in her pussy starting to build. The old man gave Katie one last check and with final directions to the park he sent her on her way.
As she left the store Katie drank in the warm sun, she was dressed like a slut and she was fully embracing it. The anxiety she had initially felt had now disappeared and she was now relishing the thrill of being in public with very little to cover her body.
As she walked the short distance to the park, she was already getting a lot of attention as her huge tits danced around under the slashed t-shirt and with each step that she took her pussy and ass were exposed by the crotchless shorts. After a minute or two of walking she passed the club she had attended the previous night and a shiver of excitement ran through her body. With her new found thrill for exhibitionism, her arousal was peaking once again.
As she rounded the corner to the park she noticed two teenage boys sat on a bench in a small area to the side of the park. Both teens immediately saw Katie approaching and began to whistle and clap. They were not there by accident!
Not wanting to disappoint, Katie stopped in front of them and a took a seat on the bench opposite. For the next few minutes Katie adjusted herself on the bench. She began sitting with her legs crossed and her body twisted slightly to one side. With this pose the two boys had an unrestricted view of her tits through the slash in the front of the t-shirt. After a few minutes she uncrossed her legs and reached down to her bag from which she retrieved the double dildo. As she sat back up she made sure that her arm pushed against her chest and fully exposed one of her tits. Then, as she sat back on the bench she opened her legs slightly. The two boys were playing their parts perfectly and they looked like they didn't know what to do or where to look. Katie's excitement was boiling over and so she opened her legs fully and pulled her feet up on to the bench. The two boys were now rubbing away at the bulges beneath their shorts and just as they were about to get up and walk over, Katie gestured for them to stop and raised a finger to her lips to indicate that they needed to be quiet. The boys obeyed without question and so she placed one end of the dildo at the entrance of her ass hole and the other at the entrance of her pussy. Then, in one delicate and smooth movement she lowered herself taking a full 9-inches in to both her ass and pussy.
At that moment a suited business man walked around the corner chatting on his mobile. The two boys froze, this wasn't part of the plan. Katie dropped one leg off the bench to block the view from his side. Her ass was flat on the park bench with the entire length of the dildos embedded deep within her pussy and ass. As he approached he saw Katie and decided to take his chance to sit next to such the stunning girl. Approaching from the side he hadn't seen that her legs were open with her pussy on display and so when he sat down next to her, he was oblivious of the pose she was holding for the two teenage boys. For the next few minutes he chatted on the phone whilst taking the opportunity to stare down Katie's mass of cleavage which conveniently blocked the view of her stuffed pussy. With his first glance he could see one of her tits and erect nipple was fully exposed. For the briefest of moments he thought about telling her, but quickly decided that the view was far too good. As the man chatted away Katie began to slowly rise and fall on the dildo and the two boys were going nuts. Their cock stroking had stopped since the man had sat down and it was driving them wild. Katie continued her show for a few more minutes and then as the man next glanced away she quickly reached up and pulled the t-shirt open to fully expose both of her tits. It was a few moments before the man turned to stare again and when he did Katie began fuck the dildo so that her tits began to bounce uncontrollably. The man simply stared at the stunning girl who now had both feet on the bench and was humping a huge dildo whilst her huge tits were bouncing wildly.
After a moments of dildo fucking and bouncing, Katie stopped and stood up from the bench. With the dildo still clenched in her pussy and ass and with her tits still hanging out, she walked over to the two boys and invited them to walk a little further in to the trees whilst at the same time beckoning for the man to join them.
After just a few steps the 4 of them were in a small clearing with another bench. She indicated for the boys to take a seat and for the man to stand behind the bench. They all did so without hesitation.
Katie knelt in front of the two boys and undid their shorts letting their erect cocks spring free. She then stood and pushed one tit in to each boys face whilst reaching over and undoing the man's trousers. For the next few minutes she devoured the man's cock, taking it all the way in to her throat whilst all the while wanking the two boys whilst they sucked on her huge tits.
The two boys soon erupted and splashed cum up against her torso. The man came shortly after and she happily guzzled down his cum. But Katie didn't stop, she kept wanking the two cocks and sucking furiously. In no time at all the three cocks were fully erect again. Katie quickly moved her body to straddle one of the boys. She couldn't remember much about her night at the club when she was continuously fucked by the strippers, but she did recall one saying that her pussy seemed to be almost elastic as he could pound away at it yet it still felt so tight. With her arousal peaking she wanted to see just what she could take. She still had the dildo embedded deep in her pussy and ass but in one movement she dropped on to the full length of the cock. The image of her pussy being double stuffed on a park bench by a dildo and a cock caused her to moan loudly. After a second of adjusting to her pussy being stretched out she told the other boy to stand behind her and to fuck her ass before then continuing to suck the business man's cock once again.
Lifting her ass slightly she grabbed the second cock and guided it toward her ass hole. The boy needed no second invite and plunged his cock in to her ass alongside the dildo.
Her mouth dropped open as the cock and dildo filled her ass and her mind was in a whirl. She tried to speak but the cock in her mouth muffled her voice and all she could do was moan. For the next 20 minutes the two boys and the man switched positions and continued to fuck her holes. Katie was in heaven. She'd had countless orgasms and was still riding the dildo and their cocks like her life depended on it.
As they continued the assault on her pussy and ass it was beginning to push her over the edge. With the dildo and cocks hammering away Katie experienced a series of orgasms that left her completely drained and she collapsed sandwiched between the two bodies whilst still gobbling away at the cock in her mouth. Even with Katie barely conscious, the two boys and the man continued to pound away until Katie finally collapsed in a haze of bliss.
As Katie opened her eyes it took a few moments for her to gather her thoughts. The boys and the man were long gone and she was sat alone on the bench with her face and tits covered in cum. As she recalled the recent fucking she began to panic. However, her panic quickly disappeared and she suddenly calmed down as she realised that she had initiated the whole exchange. She found herself marvelling at the fact that she had just had her pussy and ass fucked by a double dildo and three cocks. She had experienced double penetrated at the club the night before, but in public this had felt different. The thought of her exploits ran through her mind. Why was she acting like a slut and why was she enjoying it so much!
Thankfully for Katie the bench she was sat on was hidden from view of the main park and so she was able to sit uninterrupted whilst savouring the thrill and excitement of her recent adventure. As she moved slightly on the bench, she realised that the dildo was still lodged in her pussy and ass. Feeling turned on again it didn't take long for Katie to grab hold of the dildo and to begin another assault on her hot pussy and slick ass hole and quickly bringing herself to another orgasm. The release of the orgasm left her feeling a little more in control and Katie pulled the dildo free and stood from the bench
To her dismay, when the two boys had fled, they had grabbed Katie's rucksack as a memento. With her mind a little clearer, her focus turned to her attire and to her cum soaked body. As she stood with her t-shirt pulled wide open and soaked in cum, she couldn't help but giggle to herself. Once again she was near naked in public and covered in cum. First things first she thought and quickly pulled the t-shirt off. Then, with visible enthusiasm, she scooped the cum from her tits and face and hungrily licked it from her fingers. Once 'clean' she turned her attention to her clothes.
Her t-shirt seemed to be OK, but once she pulled it back on, she could see that it had been pulled and stretched so much that the slash in the front now fell all the way to the bottom and her tits were all but fully exposed. Once again, only her erect nipples and the fact the t-shirt was soaked with cum was stopping it sliding off her tits.
To Katie's dismay, her shorts had really taken a beating. The crotchless strip of material had been snapped in two between her legs leaving just small tattered ends hung from the waistband. All Katie now had was two small thin strips of tattered denim hanging down in front of her pussy and two small strips hanging down in the middle of her ass. She was now in effect the proud owner of the smallest ever DIY micro mini skirt!
Katie stood for a second, she had a ripped denim micro skirt that that offered little cover to her pussy and ass and her top had been stretched and torn to such an extent that once it was dry it would surely fall open. She thought about her options. She had no other clothes, no bag and no money, but on the plus side she was feeling horny again! The park entrance was 30 seconds away where' as the tailor's shop was 10 minutes back the way she had come. She decided that the best thing to do would be to head to the park and to try and get some help at her company's corporate stand.
As she turned to leave, she noticed the dildo resting on the bench. The temptation was too great and she quickly picked it up and pushed it back deep in to her pussy and ass. It felt like her whole body groaned with satisfaction. With the dildo clutched tightly between her legs she slowly crept around the edge of the park where she suddenly heard an awful lot of noise. Peering over a small hedge she was dismayed to see that as well as the small group of stands there was also a fun fair at the park entrance. In her near naked state her first thought was to head back to the store but before she could make a move she heard voices behind her.
As she turned Katie was confronted by a group 6 young men. Before she could say anything one of the men stepped forward and explained that they had been watching her exploits with the two boys and the business man, and that they had recorded the whole event.
It wasn't long before they made it clear that the recording would be made public if she didn't do as they said. Not feeling like she had any choice Katie walked into the park with the men. She was getting stares from everyone. Her tits were bouncing around inside her ripped t-shirt which was still soaked and very transparent and her DIY micro mini skirt was doing little to cover the dildo between her legs. She was essentially walking through a fun fair with just a denim belt hung across her pussy and ass.
Just as she thought that she would be stopped the men guided her in to a small tent above which she could see a university sign promoting some sort of local university campus. Once inside Katie was led to the back of the tent to an area that was closed off with curtains. The tent opened out behind the curtains and she found herself stood in another larger tent full of prospective students. Her initial thought was to run but her body and mind were already failing her and as she was pushed to the centre of the room the heat within her had already begun to build.
In front her one of the men walked forward and explained to the group that they had found Katie getting banged by three guys on the edge of the park and that she had agreed to accompany them on the promise of more action. Katie's mind was once again racing, the thought fucking these students had her pussy aching for more.
The young man continued with his introduction and explained that as part of the initiation for their university campus the 30 prospective students would be expected to strip naked and to receive a blow job from Katie who would swallow every drop she was given. Katie's first though was that of disappointment, disappointment that she wasn't going to be fucked. However, she was quickly stripped and made to kneel in the middle of the room and her desire for 'more' took over and she found herself reaching out for the cocks of the now freshly stripped students as they made their way over to her.
She wasn't sure how long the initiation had lasted but when the last student backed away she had given blow jobs and hand jobs to over 30 students all whilst being finger fucked by most all of the them. A thought ran through her head again, but this time she had a smile on her face she simply thought "So this is what it's like to be a slut".
Whilst the students high fived each other and got dressed, Katie's clothes were thrown back to her and she was pushed out from the back of the tent and into to the park. Despite being a little disorientated she still managed to find the humour in the fact that for the second time in one day she was naked in public and covered in cum again. With a happy sigh she set about cleaning the cum form her body and face and once again savouring the taste as she licked her fingers clean.
Her clothes had taken quite a beating earlier and she was anticipating more damage had been done. Her t-shirt had been used by the students to wipe their cocks clean and was soaked in cum again. She could also see that its use as a rag had taken its toll. The sleeves had been ripped as had the neck and back. The rips were so extreme that when she pulled it on the neck and sleeves simply flapped around. Katie's decent had now fully taken over and her thought was simply to make the best of the bad deal. It wasn't long before she had managed to tear the neck and sleeves away leaving just enough cotton to be worn as a tube top, albeit a tube top with a large slash in the front. With no neck or sleeves the top was extremely loose and immediately slipped down her tits. Katie had no choice but to somehow tighten it, so without any hesitation she ripped the front slash all the way through and then pulling it tight she tied the cotton tube across her tits. Pulling the cotton tight had caused it to fold over so the newly tailored top provided very little cover, her nipples were barely concealed.
With nothing more she could do with her top she slowly pulled her tattered DIY skirt up her legs. The tiny 2-inch wide waistband from the denim shorts hung loosely on her hips and the small strips that remained from her crotchless shorts were shredded. She decided that it would be better to remove the tattered strips completely as they would only draw more attention. She quickly unpicked the strips from the front and back and tossed them to one side. She now had just the waistband from the denim shorts, but at least it looked tidy! She pulled it up her legs and tried to hang it as low as she could on her hips, but she could see that no matter how low she pushed it she would be showing a whole lot more.
As she made her way through the park Katie could see from the local clock tower that it was a little after 4:00pm. She decided that she'd had enough of an adventure for one day and no matter how much her arousal peaked she would head back to the old man's shop.
As she rounded the corner from the park she came upon the club once again. However, this time the club front was different. Instead of the blacked-out windows there were large posters hung in each. The posters showed pictures of Katie from the previous night. Although the extreme parts of the posters had been blurred out, her face was clearly visible in each of the high-quality pictures. There was no denying that it was her! Her body shivered uncontrollably and try as she might she couldn't help but let a hand find its way to her pussy and to stroke her clit.
With her eyes closed she lost all sense of what she was doing and when she did finally open her eyes she was confronted with the club owner who was stood directly in front of her and was enjoying the show. Again, this was no accident!
Without a word the club owner gently took her arm and escorted her inside. As a consequence of her actions outside the bar, Katie hadn't the chance to read the text on the window posters, if she had she would have seen that she was today's main attraction.
The club owner quickly explained that to keep the customers coming in throughout the day they ran a number of softcore events. He went on to explain that they usually had a girl who walked from booth to booth offering kisses and the odd bit of groping depending on what the customers wanted to pay. He then went on to say that today's girl had not shown up, but that it was Katie's lucky day as she was going to take her place and he was certain that the punters would pay for much more than just a kiss and a grope.
Once again Katie's swirling mind rendered her speechless and try as she might she couldn't help but let her hand find her pussy once again. As they entered the main bar area Katie was confronted by what must have been 50 men.
Without a word the club owner grabbed Katie by the arm and led her to the centre of the room to the large mattress on which she had spent two nights earlier. Unlike that night the bar was now well lit with a number of spotlights and tripod video cameras. With Katie in position the club owner left her standing by the mattress playing with her pussy for all to see.
After a moment or two the club owner and a number of the staff circulated between the booths. Despite her continued pussy play, Katie could see that cash was being exchanged for tickets and that groups were forming around the booths and each group appeared to have different coloured tickets.
The club normally operated with only 'green' and 'yellow' tickets, which offered kissing for $20 or groping for $30. However, today with Katie they were offering, 'blue', 'red', 'black' or 'white' which translated in to a blowjob for $50, pussy fuck for $100, anal or pussy for $150 or no holds barred for $200. The club instantly sold all 100 punters a ticket, unfortunately for Katie no green or yellow tickets had been sold and only a few blue. Over 90% of the crowd had paid at least $150, with most paying $200.
Groups of men soon approached Katie and before she had the chance to think she was naked and surrounded on the large mattress. She quickly realised that the different coloured tickets related to the amount they had paid and the more they paid the more they got to do. The anticipation was almost too much for her. Her pussy was almost twitching and her nipples were becoming painfully erect. Within seconds Katie was on her knees, she had a cock in each hand and was wanking them furiously. She also had a cock in her mouth and with her pussy and ass still stuffed with the dildo, there was a rotating line behind her taking turns to fuck her holes.
After two hours of constant fucking, wanking and blowjobs Katie had serviced around 50 men all of whom had already circled back and bought new tickets. Her pussy and ass hole were leaking huge amounts of cum and her face was completely coated as were her tits that had been sucked and mauled so much that her nipples were swollen beyond belief. The gangbang continued and she was loving it
Katie had left for the park at 10:00am, arrived at the club around 4:00pm and it was now 10:00pm. The crowd had thinned and most of the men were spent but occasionally new punters would arrive and the frenzy would pick up again. At 02:00 the bar manager called time and the last of the punters finished their final onslaught. In total close to 100 men had come through the club. Katie had been fucked in every hole, DP'd and triple penetrated and had swallowed gallons of cum.
Once the club owner had cleared out the last of the punters he locked the door and headed to his office with Katie left exhausted on the mattress. The bars softcore kiss and grope acts would normally raise a few hundred dollars, today he had cleared over $30,000 and had hours of film and photos.
A little after 05:00 Katie woke to find herself naked on the mattress. Her body ached and her skin and hair were covered with dried cum. Despite the forced exploits of the previous day and night Katie lay with her hands caressing her body and toying with the dildo still embedded in her pussy and ass. She couldn't understand why, but she felt so alive!
After a few minutes she slowly stood and took in her surroundings. She couldn't quite work out where she was although she was fairly sure that she was still in the club. Despite being naked she decided that she should try and make her way to back to the tailor's shop.
The bar owner was nowhere to be seen and all that Katie could find of her clothes was the remains of her t-shirt. Decisions, decisions. Should she use the remains of the t-shirt to cover her tits or to tie it around her waist to try and cover her pussy and ass. Her decision was easy and as she left the club she simply dropped the t-shirt to the floor.
The last time she had walked naked back to the store it had been largely uneventful, but today after just a few minutes of leaving the club she was approached by two men. Within seconds she was on her knees gobbling two large cocks and was soon sporting a face covered in fresh cum. After another 5 minutes and three more cocks she finally arrived back at the store and after knocking for a little while the old man appeared and stood with his mouth wide open in disbelief as she walked in completely naked and sporting a load of fresh cum dripping from her lips and chin. After Katie had finished cleaning the cum from her face, and savouring the taste, the old man suggested she take to the couch and grab a couple of hours sleep.
Katie woke shortly before 08:00 just as the old man came through to the back of the shop. She greeted him with a big kiss and hug. With her amazing naked tits mashed into his chest the old man's bathrobe immediately began to rise and Katie felt his hard cock press up against her leg. With a giggle and a kiss on his cheek she quickly dropped to her knees and pulled the robe apart. The old man started to lean back but instead he fell backwards on to the couch. Katie followed him as he fell and as soon as he was seated she had his cock in her mouth. After several minutes of bobbing her head up and down she jumped to her feet and straddled the old man. His cock slid straight in to her slick pussy and she began to grind away on his lap. Despite his age the old man was showing good stamina and Katie's efforts soon rewarded her with an orgasm. As she continued to bounce and shudder on the old man's cock he began to moan. Katie realised the signs and quickly dismounted and stuffed his cock in to her mouth just as he began to let go a mass of cum. Katie's eyes nearly popped from her head as she struggled to swallow load after load. With her cheeks bulging she thought she might need to let go, but at that moment the old man let go his last load and Katie was able to swallow her mouthful.
After giving the old man a quick cuddle Katie bounced to the shower room and began a long and refreshing soak. She had never felt so alive. The confusion she had felt over the past few days was gone. She had been shocked by her antics but as the days passed she came to accept that although others may not approve of it, she was very much embracing her new found sense of freedom and that she was quite simply a slut... and she loved it!
After her shower she was back in the changing room where the old man had fixed her breakfast which had laced with a heavy dose of the usual aphrodisiac. He knew that with Katie having had the injection the aphrodisiac it wasn't necessarily needed, but he thought he would continue for a day or so to see how far she could go.
After breakfast the old man went about his routine of massaging Katie with more of the aphrodisiac oil. This time he added a small amount of self-tan to give her a golden glow. With her new injected medication release, the aphrodisiac she had consumed at breakfast and the oil being massage in to her skin, Katie's arousal was building quickly. Her arousal wasn't lost on the old man and so as he crouched to oil her leg's he lifted his head to her pussy and clit and began to lick and suck. Five minutes later he was done with the massage Katie had experienced and knee trembling orgasm which had taken the edge off her arousal.
Following their normal routine Katie hopped to the centre of the dressing room to wait for the days outfit. The old man returned quickly with his arms full of white lace. In his mind 'simplicity' was the order of the day.
Made from a thin white lace tassels the old man had fashioned a sort of mini poncho. Lifting it over Katie's head he rested it on her shoulders. The top was backless with the tassels falling just over the back of her shoulders. The front dropped to the bottom edge of her tits. The tassels in the centre were tied loosely together in order to try and keep them in place, but those to the sides were loose and left to hang free. The tassels on each side were quite short and barely dropped a third of the way down. There were no sides to the top and so Katie was reliant on gravity keeping it in place. Her pierced nipples immediately poked through generous gap between the lace tassels. They were going to be on display all day.
The old man picked up the skirt and wrapping it around her body he rested it on her hips before buttoning in place with the single button. Unlike the top none of the tassels were tied together, instead they had all been left to hang loose and free. From her hips they hung to just below her pussy and ass. The effect was not unlike that of a grass skirt, however the delicate tassels on the both the top and skirt offered much less cover as they were no wider than a shoelace.
Katie loved the top and skirt and with a twirl she could see both the tasselled top and skirt lifted clear of her body to fully expose her tits, nipples, pussy and ass. Without realising what she was doing her hands moved to her nipples and began tweaking them firmly whilst the old man continued around her. The old man topped the outfit of with a tall white pair of heels and stood back to admire his work. Katie was near naked. The tassels provided almost zero cover to her tits, pussy and ass. For Katie the feeling was totally liberating.
As with the previous days, the old man had spoken with Mr. Oldham and they had hatched a plan that would put Katie through her paces for the day.
Before the old man sent Katie on her way, he let her know that Mr. Oldham had asked if she would go to the company's other lab for the day as it was only a short bus ride away and she could catch it just down the road. Katie was excited about seeing more of the company and gave the old man a quick hug. Before she left the old man gave her a small clutch bag that contained a small amount of cash. The previous day he had packed her away with a double dildo, but the bag she had today simply wasn't big enough and so he asked her if she perhaps wanted to set out wearing one for the day. Katie's eyes lit up and she gave the old man another hug. The old man quickly returned with another double dildo of the same size but this one was white (to match the outfit). Katie took the dildo and crouched down. After a little adjustment she lowered her body and took the full 9-inch lengths in to her pussy and ass.
With a sense of accomplishment and with the small clutch bag in her hand Katie headed out from the store. As soon as she left the old man called Mr. Oldham who in turn coordinated more calls to those involved.
As she walked down the road she had immediately had the attention of everyone in sight. As she passed a small alleyway she heard a car horn honk and she glanced over to see who it was. Parked a few metres down the alley was a van around which were stood 4 huge black guys. Over the past few days Katie had experienced very type of cock but she couldn't recall taking a black cock. She stood for a moment to contemplate her decision and then turned toward them they.
As she walked toward them her tits were bouncing free of her top and the thin tassels of her skirt left her pussy completely exposed. There was no idle chit chat. Katie simply walked straight up to them and boldly stated that she wanted to get fucked by all 4 of them and that they could use all her holes and she would be happy to take the all at once.
Within the blink of an eye, her top and skirt had been pulled off and thrown to one side and Katie was on her knees pumping the cocks in each hand and alternating between two cocks at her mouth. The 4 men let her go to work for a while and within a couple of minutes the two being jacked off blew their loads on her tits. Katie quickly took the other two cocks from her mouth and began jacking them too. A minute of two later they also blew their loads on her tits.
The first two men stepped back toward and Katie she was lifted from her feet. Her legs were wrapped around the waist of one guy with her arms around his neck and shoulders. Behind her was the second of the two. Both their cocks were already rock hard again and they lifted Katie between and pointed their cocks at her pussy and ass. For brief moment they stopped whilst pulling the dildo from her pussy and ass. Both grinned at each other and Katie was suddenly impaled on two large cocks. With Katie hung in mid-air and pinned between them, they were able to lift and drop her on to their cocks with ease.
After 10 minutes, the two guys swapped and to the other two stepped in. They carried on with the same position for another 10 minutes until Katie let out 6th screaming orgasm. At that point they lowered her back to her knees and she starting sucking and jacking each of the four cocks. All four blew their loads almost simultaneously. Katie tried to catch as much as she could in her mouth but most of it splashed on to her tits.
The 4 guys rocked back on their feet and stared at Katie who was already scooping the cum from her tits and pouring into her mouth. She slowly got to her feet and quickly finished cleaning her tits before blowing them a kiss, picking up her clothes and the dildo and walking back to the main street.
At the exit of the alley way she quickly pulled the lace top and skirt back on and re-inserted her dildo and as she rounded the corner she could see a bus just about to pull away. She recognised the number and knew it would drop her off near the lab and so she set of with a quick run to catch the bus. The sight that greeted the bus driver was nothing short of breath taking. Running toward the bus was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, but more than that her body was perfect. As she ran Katie's lace top and skirt lifted and floated away from her body. Her tits, pussy and ass were completely exposed. The bus driver could do nothing but stare at Katie's huge tits bouncing towards him. The bus and the driver had been set up by Mr. Oldham and although the driver had been well briefed, he was still stunned by the beauty of the girl
When she reached the bus door the driver simply sat and stared before he realised that she was actually talking to him. After gathering himself he waved away her offer to pay the fare and then turned to watch as her near naked ass bounced away toward the back of the bus. Her passion for exhibitionism was all consuming so when she reached the back she sat in the centre at the end of the aisle so she would be visible to not only the bus driver but to everyone else that boarded. The bus that she had taken was on a loop and passed the same stop every 30 minutes or so, and Katie figured that the ride to the lab would only take around 10 minutes. Or so she thought!
As the bus driver pulled away he pressed a button that turned off the 'in service' sign on the bus. He had been given a route to follow and a dedicated number of locations at which he needed to stop. The bus was on a loop but it was a loop arranged by Mr. Oldham. At each stop he would be picking up groups of young men who Mr. Oldham had arranged to be scouted from a number of local colleges. They had all been told that they would be boarding a mystery bus and that their enjoyment would be guaranteed, although none of them knew what to expect. To seal the deal each had been paid. Mr. Oldham knew that hardly any student could afford turn down free money and so he was pretty confident that he would be able to pack the bus out.
After a couple of minute's the bus pulled up at a stop and a group of 10 college boys got on. As they turned to walk down the aisle they stopped dead in their tracks. In front of them was sat Katie. They hadn't been told what to expect but what they saw before them certainly didn't disappoint.
Katie's lace tassel top was covering next to nothing. Her pierced nipples were on proud display and the bottom and sides of her tits were fully exposed. When the boys had boarded she had been sat with her legs crossed, but now as they stood and stared she uncrossed her legs and slowly began to move them apart. She knew that she should be going to the lab, but even after the fucking from the 4 guys in the alley, her body was still burning with arousal and so she decided that a little fun on the bus ride wouldn't hurt anyone!
The boys were staring at the biggest pair of tits they had ever seen on the most gorgeous girl they had ever seen with the most stunning body. The boys made their way along the bus and gathered around her on the back seat and the seats immediately in front. As the bus pulled away the boys began to chat with Katie who returned their attention with a full-on session of flirting and teasing. She slowly raised her hands above her head in a fake stretch which pushed her naked tits out further toward the boys. She then dropped her hands and began stroking the side of her tits before gently teasing her pierced nipples. With one hand continuing with one nipple the other hand dropped between her parted legs and began to play with her clit. By now each of the boys were wrestling with erect cocks and all were rubbing them through their trousers. The bus slowed and stopped at the next stop and another group of boys boarded the bus and within seconds they had gathered with the first group. Katie was feeling as horny as she ever had and so reached forward to the nearest boy and pulled him forward. She guided his hand to her clit and his face to her tits. Her wet pussy immediately invited two of his fingers to join the embedded dildo whilst he sucked eagerly on one tit. That was the sign the rest of the boys needed and within seconds Katie had countless hands molesting her body. Her nipples were being licked and sucked and she could feel her pussy and ass were being invaded by countless fingers. Her newly injected medication release had her body in an extreme state of arousal and the roaming hands and tongues had her orgasming almost every minute. But she needed more!
She asked the boy kissing her to drop his trousers and sit on the back seat and then as she had done in the park she quickly straddled him and dropped her pussy on to his cock. However, unlike the park she didn't need to invite anyone to fuck her ass, no sooner did she have the cock in her pussy she felt one enter her ass. Once again she had a dildo and cock in both her pussy and ass. Katie bounced up and down on the boy's cocks until she felt him blow his load in her pussy. With him done she slid across to the next and the ride continued. When the boy below blew his load she moved to straddle the next and when the boy fucking her ass blew his, he was instantly replaced by another.
She didn't know how long it had been but she had moved across a number of cocks and as Katie was about to move to the next, she felt herself being flipped over. The boy below was now fucking her ass and the boy stood in front was ramming his cock in to her pussy. Now that she was facing forward the boys could see her huge tits bouncing wildly and they could also make use of her hands and mouth. She immediately had a cock in each hand and one in her mouth. This onslaught continued on and on and on. Katie had assumed that after each turn each boy hand been wanking himself hard again and going again, but she was wrong. Each time the bus had stopped a new group had boarded and joined in. After what seemed like an eternity of fucking the bus finally stopped. Katie lifted her head and look around to find a full bus staring at her as groups of young boys took turns in her pussy, ass and mouth After a little while of the bus being stationary the driver shouted down the bus and the mass of bodies slowly retreated. It took nearly 30 minutes for the last round of fucking to finish and for the bodies to leave.
When the last boy left, the bus driver walked over to Katie. She was sat on the back seat where she had started the ride. Her legs were stretched wide and her body was covered in a thick wash of cum. When Katie saw the bus driver she smiled sweetly and thanked him. The driver laughed and confessed that he had joined in a couple of occasions so he should be the one thanking her. The bus ride to the lab should've taken 10 minutes. Katie had been on the bus for over 5 hours. The driver reckoned that he had picked up close on 50 fairs during the drive and that most all had paid Katie at least a couple of visits. The driver then apologised for the inconvenience but as he was finishing his shift she would need to leave the bus but there was no rush and she could take her time.
The driver made his way back to the cab and Katie stood to face her reflection in the window. Her face broke in to a smile when she saw just how much cum was covering her body. As she went to remove her skirt she noticed that all the tassels had been torn away and all she had was a thin lace band around her hips. The top hadn't fared much better and it was horribly tattered. The side tassels were gone as had at least a half from the centre.
Katie giggled to herself and then quickly pulled the top over her head. The top was soaked with cum. Before trying to dry it she began using her hands to scoop the cum from her body and gulping it down. Try as she might she couldn't clear it all. Her back and hair were still soaked and there was little she could do. She picked up her top and wrung it out. The cum splashed on to the floor and created a large puddle. Katie couldn't help but laugh. She had guzzled galloons of cum during the fucking and scooped more from her body, yet more had poured from her clothes.
Just as she was about to pull her top back on she felt the double dildo in her pussy and ass. With a gentle pull it popped free followed by a stream of cum. Katie giggled again and then licked her lips before sucking the dildos clean. Once her pussy and ass had stopped leaking cum she re-inserted the cleaned dildos. As she pushed them all the way in, she let out a satisfied moan. It felt much better to be full than not she thought to herself.
Katie put her top back on. The lace was torn and tattered and it was still soaked. The side tassels were gone and all she was left with was a thin lace bib which was hanging between her tits.
With her body as clean as she could make it and her 'clothes' back on, Katie realised that her purse had gone. Another souvenir she thought. Without a fuss or thought she made her way to the front of the bus and blew a kiss to the driver as she left.
Once outside the bus she noticed that the sun was beginning to set. As she walked on she came to a decorative fountain set back from the office area. As she hadn't been able to clean her whole body of the cum that had been dumped on to her so she stepped into the fountain and let the cool water pour over her. Within a minute her body was clean, fresh and tingling. As she stepped down from the fountain she looked at what was left of her lace outfit and with a nonchalant shrug she tore the remnants from her body and dropped them in to a nearby bin. She was now completely naked and still wet from the fountain, but at least she was still wearing her heels. Embracing her new found love of nakedness she walked to the end of the street where she found herself in the down town area to which Matt had taken her to get her piercings.
One side of the road appeared to be apartments whilst other look to be mostly shops and bars. She crossed the road opposite a bar. From the outside it looked OK and given it was now 10:30 she decided to give it a try. As soon as she walked through the door she knew that whatever it might find, it certainly would not be help.
She decided that perhaps the next bar would prove a better choice but as she turned to leave her path was blocked by 3 huge guys whilst another locked the door. Katie was suddenly aware of the fact that she was naked. She was in another bar surrounded by a mass of guys wearing only a pair of white heels and a double dildo stuffed in her pussy and ass. What on earth could go wrong.
Unlike her other exploits there were no introductions made or explanations made. Katie was simply picked up and dropped in the middle of the bar. Katie watched as the entire bar stripped and gathered around her. Within seconds she had hands all over her. When the first hands reached her pussy they simply pulled the double dildo out and tossed it away. Once enough of the naked guys had gathered round she was lifted on top of one guy who rammed his cock in to her ass and it was quickly followed by a second in her pussy. The fucking was nothing short of violent and she was loving it.
Katie was fucking and sucking some of the biggest cocks she had seen and she was being tossed around like a rag doll. She was loving every minute. Katie had experienced two cocks and two dildos in the park and on the bus but what she experienced next pushed her even her limits. After some twisting of limbs and bodies Katie found herself lying face down on top of two guys who were lying on their sides almost face to face. On top of her were two more guys in more or less the same position. The guys underneath Katie lifted her body and at the same time her legs were pulled wide apart. Then, as she was lowered the two guys below her jammed their cocks in to her pussy from each side. Katie's couldn't stop moaning. She had taken two cocks in her pussy before but never from this angle and never two so big. Once Katie had been fully impaled, the two men above her did the same with her ass hole. As they forced themselves deeper and deeper Katie let out a scream followed by endless moaning.
Once fully in, each of the men began to fuck her relentlessly. The four guys had been chosen for this particular fuck because they had 4 of the biggest cocks. Katie's ass and pussy were being stretched in ways she didn't think possible, yet she was still loving it and was orgasming almost continuously. As the fucking continued a hand lifted her head and a was forced in to her mouth. To begin with she could only manage to take the large head in her mouth but after a few strokes the cock pushed further and further until it was lodged in the back of her throat. Katie could hardly breath and as she started to fade and the cock were pulled out. Once she had caught her breath the cock was forced back in. Katie continued to orgasm as she was fucked by very cock in the bar over and over again. Sometimes just one cock in her pussy, sometimes a DP, sometimes 3 and sometimes again by 4 cocks.
Katie woke to find that she was lying naked in an alleyway behind the club. The sun was already in the sky and she could hear traffic on the main street. Her mind flashed back to the bar and the fucking she had received. Her thoughts were fixated on the 4 cock fucking and her hands immediate dropped to her pussy where to her surprise she found that she the double dildo and been re-inserted. For the next 5 minutes she rammed her pussy and ass with the double dildo until she came and squirted a mass of her own juices and cum on to the floor. When she had caught her breath she climbed to her feet. Once again her body was soaked with cum and given how wet it was and how much of it there was, she guessed that she couldn't have been in the alley for long. The only difference this time was that she had no clothing at all. So, first things first, she scoped the cum from her body as best she could and gulped it down. One end of the alley was blocked and so she walked to the open end. The street was pretty empty with just the odd car passing. As she looked in the other direction she saw the saw the old man's store.
She stepped off the curb and walked across the road whilst waving and shaking her tits at the passers-by. Once at the store she knocked for a few minutes before the old man appeared. He stood staring for a minute before letting her in. Katie almost bounced passed him and he quickly locked the door and followed her through to the back. She was positively beaming and went ahead with her recollection of the day as the old man patiently sat and listened. When she had finished recounting her day, the old man let her relax on the sofa and suggested that she should perhaps grab a few hours sleep.
Back in the shop the old man called Mr. Oldham and they decided that it was time for the next stage of then plan. As well as developing a series of drugs to related to the release of sexual inhibitions, the lab had also been developing new drugs that could be used to enhance or even change a person's physical appearance. The tests had proven to be so successful that they had reached the point where they were able to code the drugs so that they targeted specific body parts.
When Mr. Oldham first met Katie, he knew that that she would be a perfect test subject for the aphrodisiac. Her shy and slightly submissive demeanour made her perfect and he knew that with a body like hers, that if he could push her arousal to the right levels that she would not be short of attention and interaction. He had of course been right. For the past few days the two men had debated whether or not they should try the body enhancement drugs. Katie was a stunning girl with a stunning body and they were reluctant to try in case it went wrong. However, the past few days had shown just how well she had assimilated the sexual enhancement drugs and so they decide to press on test the next set of drugs.
With instructions given the old man he went over to the sleeping Katie who was laid flat on the couch. He quickly opened a small wallet and removed 5 syringes. He then swabbed each of her tits with an antiseptic to clean and numb them slightly. With everything in place he made the first injection in to the centre of her right tit. Katie barely flinched and so he quickly did the same to the left. Again, Katie barely flinched and so he picked up the third syringe add injected it directly in to her nipple. Although she squirmed slightly she remained sleeping and so the old man did the same to the other nipple. Then with one syringe left the old man gently swabbed her clit. Once done he took the 5th syringe and carefully injected it directly in to her clit. Katie squirmed again but did not wake.
It was Done. It was getting late and so the old man left her sleep. He would see her in the morning when the results of the injections should be visible.
At 07:30 the old man walked in to the back room to find Katie standing naked in front of the mirrors. As she began to turn the old man nearly choked. The first view he got was of Katie in profile. Her tits were enormous and were standing straight out and away from her body. When she turned to face him he was able to see the full results. Her tits were at least two sizes bigger, yet they had retained their firmness and had not dropped in the slightest. His gaze was then drawn to her nipples. They were now twice the size as well as being much wider. His first reaction was relief as he feared that they may look fake, but they didn't, they looked exactly as they had, only much bigger. He had never seen anything like it. On Katie's slim frame they were immense. He reached out and touched them and Katie squirmed with pleasure. Her tits felt just as soft and amazing as they did before. When he reached up and pinched her nipples and Katie almost collapsed. The old man then watched as they became even more erect. Once she steadied herself the old man crouched down to check her clit. Once again he was amazed. It was at least twice the size and it was pushed fully out of its sheath. He gently touched it and Katie began to shake and within seconds she had juices flowing down her legs and as with her nipples her clit swelled even more.
The old man left a very confused Katie to explore her body before calling Mr. Oldham with the results. With both men delighted they decided to plan for the day and decided to go with the park event again. Now that the fair had moved on the park was hosting a smallish comic con event and Mr. Oldham had made his plans around it with another corporate stand. As with the previous day, Katie would be sent from the store to the park and although they would plan a few events for her, this time they would allow her to reach the corporate stand.
At around 09:00 the old man was ready and Katie had finished showering. They both sat down and ate breakfast at which time Katie started to ask questions about her body, the size of her tits and clit and their sensitivity. The two men had prepared for such questions and in his usual calming manner began to explain that given how reserved she had, her recent release and sexual activities had likely released hormones that had been mostly dormant and as a consequence her body had now fully developed.
Anybody else would have called the old man crazy, he was a tailor, what would he know. However, over the past few days with her mind and mood changing, Katie had come to trust the old man. She had fully embraced that fact that how she was now acting made her a slut, but she was OK, in fact she was loving it. With her mind fully distracted by her new sexual liberation, the old man's words seemed to make sense and so with barely any further questions she simply accepted the explanation and they continued with their breakfast. The old man was amazed. Katie was a bright girl, but the stimulants that she had been given had obviously influenced her more than they had perhaps realised.
Once they had finished breakfast the old man led her to the centre of the room changing room. First he had her put on a pair of cute silver stiletto heels. With her body curving to accommodate the high heels the old man asked Katie to take her normal walk around the room. It was vision to behold. Katie's tits bounced and jiggled as before but because they were so much bigger so was the bounce and jiggle. The old man couldn't stop staring until she circled back toward him and he saw how proud her clit was now standing.
The old man was ecstatic, as was Katie and so in their time honoured tradition the old man got busy with the oil massage mixed again with a little self-tan for a golden sheen. He spent a lot of extra time on her tits, nipples and clit and when he was done she had experienced at least half a dozen more orgasms as she continued to get used to her new body and its increased sensitivity.
The old man quickly walked to his bench and came back with her outfit for the day. He knew the plan for the day and what Mr. Oldham wanted and so he had quickly pulled something together that would set fire to Katie's lust for exhibitionism. With Katie now sporting super huge tits the old man had been at a loss when trying to come up with an idea for her top. He knew that he wanted to have them as exposed as possible so that there enhanced bounce and jiggle would be unmissable and an idea started to form.
The old man held up shiny silver strapless shelf bra which he pulled up under Katie's enhanced tits and clipped it in the centre of her back. With the bra fastened the old man pulled the cups up from under her tits. The half cups covered the bottom third of her tits and just barely covered her erect pierced nipples. The effect was staggering. The small half cups acted like the cups in a corset. With each step the bounce and jiggle of her tits was amplified by the fit of the bra and it held her tits slightly higher than usual and introduced a level of wobble to the effect. Katie's tits were in perpetual motion. Katie was loving the effect and the fact that her large erect nipples were all but on display and it was already fuelling her new addiction to exhibitionism.
The next part was the skirt which the old man offered it up to her body and pulled if around her hips where he fastened it in place with a single small button which fixed to a small eyelet on the end of a thin chord. Around her hips Katie had a thin piece of silver cord from which were hung two thin separate ribbons of the same shiny silver material as the bra. The thin ribbons had been stitched so that they hung like a mini-curtains with little folds. They was only 3-inches long and so most of her ass was on display both above and below. Cut so short, the bottom of her pussy was only just covered and the thin material did little to hide her engorged clit. It was the perfect exhibitionist slut's outfit.
The old man left the room and quickly came back carrying another double dildo. This one was the same size as those she had previously worn but the old man had actually ordered this one in. Unlike the others that she had worn, this had a small narrow moulded base that was designed to hug her body below her pussy and ass hole and to force the two lengths as far in to her holes as possible.
Katie almost came there and then. She was loving it. The old man handed it to her and she quickly squatted and held it in place. Katie slid almost effortless down their entire lengths until both were fully embedded in her pussy and ass. The moulded base did its trick and when she stood it stayed firmly anchored in place. Katie was grinning from ear to ear, she felt so full, and it felt so right. She was in heaven!
With the fittings done, the old man gave her a few instructions re the corporate stand at the comic con and without anything more being said he sent her on her way. As soon as she began walking down the street her tits began to bounce and sway and her nipples grew even more erect. Everyone she passed simply stopped and stared. Katie could feel that her pussy was already soaked and there was already a trickle running down her thighs. As she rounded the first corner there was a guy stood standing on his own and talking on his phone. When he saw Katie he was immediately frozen to the spot and was simply stood staring at her tits. When she finally reached him he was still staring and despite being on public street Katie took matters in to her own hands, she dropped to her knees and undid his jeans. His erect cock sprang free and Katie immediately pushed it in to her mouth. For the next couple of minutes she bobbed her head back and forwards taking his cock deep in to her throat until he blew his load in her mouth. Katie was in heaven once again. She rose to her feet and licked the remaining drops of cum from her lips and then with a quick parting kiss she continued on her way.
Katie was taking the same route to the park as she had the previous day and as she rounded the next corner she found herself back at the park bench where she had flashed and then fucked the two boys and the business man. This time rather than two boys, she happened upon 4 very large men and when the glanced across to the other bench she saw another two men. Katie found herself licking her lips at thought of what might happen next.
She made her way over to the two seated men who moved to the side and allowed her to sit between them. The bench was long enough that with the men on each side there was still more than enough room to allow for Katie to sit with her legs spread and the 4 men opposite were immediately enjoying the view of her naked pussy and swollen clit.
It didn't take long for the two men to lean in and to start sucking her nipples and massaging her tits. Katie already had her hands on her pussy and clit but they were soon removed as the two men took over. As she looked over to the other bench she saw that the other 4 men had already pulled their fully erect cocks out and were all stroking them. She was delighted to see that they were all huge and when she glanced down to either side she was also pleased to see that the other two cocks were just as big.
Katie suddenly realised that yesterday she had led everyone to a secluded area in the trees to fuck, where' as today they had stayed on the benches on one of the main paths to the park and there were bound to be people passing by. The thought of fucking in public view sent her first orgasm crashing through her body.
As Katie looked up from the two erect cocks she was pleased to see that the other 4 men were now stood directly in front of her. She quickly had one in each hand and another in her mouth. The two men at her side were gorging themselves on her tits whilst the remaining man was between her legs and sucking furiously at her pussy. Orgasm number two immediately hit.
After a short time the oral orgy stopped and Katie was lifted onto to one of the seated cocks. As she dropped her pussy down she was full of anticipation. She was about to have her ass fucked by a huge cock in which she already had an over-sized dildo. The feeling as she dropped down and took the cocks full length was earth shattering and it only got better when she felt the same in her pussy. She was facing forwards and bouncing on the two cocks and had her head to one side to suck on another. Her hands had two more and there was a face licking her pussy and click as she bounced up and down. Her massive tits were crashing up and down whilst getting mauled and Katie was now continually orgasming.
Katie was moaning and screaming like never before. Her enhanced tits and body were now so sensitive that she felt like she was about to explode. At that moment a group of boys rounded the corner and stopped directly in front of a gorgeous slut with the most amazing tits ever being hammered by 6 huge cocks. They couldn't believe what they were seeing. More people began to pass by. Some hurried by whilst shouting comments at the big-titted whore whilst others stopped and joined the boys and started taking photo after photo. The 6 men were rotating positions regularly and each time they did, Katie was able to look up with a smile and a wink for the crowd.
Katie couldn't be sure, but she guessed that the session lasted for about half an hour. When it was over, Katie's holes had been used over and over again and both her pussy, ass and mouth had taken a mass of cum. The 6 men had done their job well and Katie was euphoric. They tucked away their cocks and left with Katie spread eagle on the bench and both huge naked tits on full display. Her pussy and ass were leaking cum so she cupped a hand to gather it and to then lick it from her palm. With this done and the few last drops licked from her lips the crowd finished with their photos and shuffled way laughing and giggling. Katie now was back on her feet and she was already thinking about another session, another cock, or better still another group of cocks.
Her skirt had been shuffled around during the frantic fucking and as she started to swivel to front panel back she noticed that the thin curtains of silver weren't actually fixed to the chord, they were actually made to slide along the chord and could be gathered together with the folds closed. A wicked thought shot through her head and she bunched up the two small curtains so that they were now just small narrow folds no more than 2-inches wide. She now had one of the silver of folds resting in the crack of her ass with the other also bunched up and resting just over her pussy. A thrill ran through her body with the anticipation of walking through the crowds with her bare pussy on show through the thin wisp of sheer material.
As she glanced down to smooth her 'skirt' she noticed that her tits were completely naked. The shelf bra had bounced free during the fucking and was on the floor next to the bench. She went over to pick it up and was amazed to see that it was intact. As she pulled it back on she tweaked her nipples. She knew that she was on her way to the stall at a comic con event. She had her 'costume' and her erect pierced nipples were her adornments. She was going to be such a hit!
Whilst sorting out her costume, she had been oblivious to more passers' by and so hadn't paid attention to the fact that there were two men standing by her side. As before, they were both very large men and her eyes immediately dropped to their groins where she could already see two impressive bulges. She was immediately flirting, with one hand innocently teasing nipples. Katie was soon arm in arm with the two men as she was escorted in to the park and to the event.
As they entered the park they walked under a big sign, 'Comic-con- Adult's only'. On reading the sign Katie's stomach flipped with excitement. There were big crowds at a large number of stands and they were all absorbed in the gloss of the merchandise and small re-enactment shows, but as Katie was walked by all eyes fell on her.
For the next few minutes she was paraded around the event and the two men at her side were enjoying the delights of her body and when their hands weren't were roaming over her ass and pussy they were playing with her tits and nipples. As she continued to walk, she could feel her pussy becoming wetter and wetter to the point that the insides of her thighs were already soaking wet.
After a few circuits of the event they stopped at a large marque inside which it had been set up as some sort of arena. A man dressed in some kind of sci fi outfit greeted them as they entered. He couldn't stop staring at Katie's tits and nipples that were continually being massaged. After a second or two he managed to blurt out a few words. He couldn't be more excited to have her here and to have her joining in with their re-enactments was just the best news ever. Katie thought that he had her confused with someone else but when eyes caught sight of the posters around the marque she stepped forward and with her tits mashed in his chest she gave him a kiss whilst a hand dropped to cup his balls and cock which she had to admit, felt quite impressive.
The posters around the marque showed scenes of various sci fi women being fucked by monsters, aliens, tentacles and countless version of superheroes. The crowd had seen Katie enter the marque and in an instant every seat was filled, there were also crowds packed in and standing around the edge. It was fit to bursting with near on 200 people crowded in.
Katies two escorts excused themselves and walked over to small stage where they disappeared behind a large curtain. The sci fi host finally managed to drag his eyes from Katie's tits and excused himself and left her standing alone in the middle the arena. Katie's heart was racing when the pa system burst in to life.
"Good afternoon gentlemen, welcome to our first staging of this tribute to adult themed sci fi. Over the next few hours we are going to bring you a series of scenes and re-enactments from various comics and films. And so, without delay let's get started. For your literal pleasure please join me in welcoming Katie who will be the heroine in each of our scenes"
Applause and cheers rang out around the arena. Katie didn't know, but her exploits of recent days had made her an internet sensation and there were groups dedicated to posting sightings and reports of their experiences with her.
"Gentlemen, let's get started with the first re-enactment. Let's get underway with "Big titted dildo whore from space".
At that moment the curtains at one end of the arena were drawn open and a group of 20 men in a variety of sci fi themed costumes emerged. They were all sporting huge erect cocks bouncing in front of them as they walked toward Katie. They wasted no time getting underway. Katie was hoisted in to the air and immediately had someone licking her clit, whilst fingers invaded her pussy and ass and her tits were groped. She was passed over the heads of the men and faces and fingers were continually replaced as she was passed along.
By the time she was lowered to the floor her legs were slick with her own juice and she was panting heavily. She had no time to rest though as her 'costume' was ripped from her body and she found herself on all fours doggystyle on top of a cock that had already found her pussy as a second found her ass. Try as she might she couldn't grab enough cock. Her mouth, pussy and ass were really being kept busy and she was squirting and cumming almost continuously. For the next hour, huge cock after huge cock fucked her to the point that she thought she might pass out. Then as the hour long scene began to draw to a close, each of the twenty cocks unloaded in each of her holes.
With all the cocks drained the men made their way behind the curtains and disappeared and the pa system burst in to life again.
"Gentlemen, let's get started with the next re-enactment. Let's get underway with "Big titted cum swallowing dildo whore from space".
The curtains opened again and 20 new men walked through the curtains. They too were all sporting huge erect cocks bouncing in front of them as they walked toward Katie.
The scene immediately got underway and Katie was furiously gangbanged in every conceivable position. She was still wearing the double dildo in her pussy and ass but that didn't stop her being DP'd and at times she was taking two cocks in her pussy and ass along with the dildo already embedded there. Katie was doing her part two and she was deep throating every cock put in front of her whilst bouncing wildly on every cock at her pussy and ass.
As this hour long scene began to draw to a close the 20 cocks began gathered around Katie who was knelt panting on the floor. The title of the scene was spot on as Katie jacked off and sucked very cock before swallowing each and every load without missing a drop.
With the last cock drained the 20 men disappeared and the pa system burst back in to life.
"Gentlemen, let's get started with the next re-enactment. Let's get underway with "Big titted dildo bondage whore from space".
This time Katie was lifted to her feet, her double dildo was removed and she was strapped in to a dentists type chair. Her arms and legs were pulled wide and strapped to the side whilst a dubious looking machine was placed between her legs. Out from the machine protruded too long poles on the end of which were two huge dildos.
The whole turnaround in scenes had taken seconds and without missing a beat and Katies ass and pussy were instantly being hammered by the two long dildos being driven in to her by the whirring machine. Whilst the machine continued its work a number of men circled her body and whilst pushing their cocks into to mouth and down her throat they were teasing her clit and nipples with small taser type prods.
Katie's was experiencing one long climax after another and could no longer focus on anything but the pleasure wracking her body. With slick professionalism, every so often the dildos on the machine were changed over and Katie was fucked by all sorts of shapes and sizes, whilst some vibrated and some gave off small electric shocks. The scene ran for the full hour after which Katie was lifted from the chair.
"Gentlemen, let's get started with the final scene. Let's get underway with "Big titted dildo whore from space gets a fan gangbang".
On hearing the announcement Katie immediately perked up as she saw the capacity crowd of over 200 men being directed to her in groups.
Katie woke to find herself alone in the middle of the arena. Her body ached and she was covered in more cum than she had ever seen. Her first thought was of satisfaction. Her body was tingling and she felt more alive than ever. To her surprise she was quickly on her feet and was feeling no ill effects from the last 4 hours of fucking.
One month later.
Katie was in the office with Mr. Oldham. She was wearing a short, crisp white blouse that with just a single button was doing little to keep her massive tits from spilling out or from preventing her pierced nipples from poking through. Her small black skirt was barely covering half her ass, her pussy was glistening below the hem and her tall stilettos were showing every curve of her slender legs and tight ass.
She had been permanently hired to the lab and toured the country with Mr. Oldham as the lab promoted the new break though it had made in aphrodisiac and body modification drugs. What better way to promote the new drugs than having a real life example!
Katie had found her perfect job, it was keeping her busy and she enjoyed the release it gave her. She had also made a heap of new 'friends' and she saw them most weekends when after she came off stage at various comic con events.
Katie walked around the desk and with her skirt round her waste and her blouse wide open she impaled herself on her bosses cock whilst he feasted on her tits. At that moment the phone rang and whilst still bouncing on the cock a breathless Katie answered the phone and then passed it to her boss.
"Hello, Mr. Oldham, it's the tailor. I've got someone new that I think you'll be interested in meeting!