I have a nice getaway property in a small mountain chain somewhere in the heart of Dixie. The views are great, and I have about 70 acres of land; a large portion of which is bordered by over a half mile of creek. It is through this creek that I access the property; it is 4WD accessible only, unless one wishes to hike in the almost half mile right of way from the main road. Because of this remote location (in the middle of nowhere to begin with), I have very few if any, issues with people trespassing.
I'm self employed and only work two days a week, so I have plenty of free time on my hands to hang out at my rustic cabin (no power or water) and just enjoy nature at its finest. Since the tract is so remote and private, I usually take my clothes off as soon as I get to the cabin, light up a cigarette to relax, go out onto the small front porch and take a short walk au naturale. I also typically finish the walk with a nice masturbation session and a wonderful orgasm; quite often ejaculating my load more than five feet through the air before it splashes onto the grass or leaves, depending upon where I am.
One particular afternoon, I decided to walk back down to the creek where I cross it, with the intention of rinsing off, and then jerking off as I wandered around the sandbar; enjoying the sensation of orgasm as I savored the natural beauty of the shallow gorge around me. As I approached the rocky ford, however, I caught some movement from the other side of the creek, as someone approached using my right of way. I quickly ducked off to one side, crouching behind a clump of ironwood as whoever it was got closer.
Now keep in mind that I have no hangups about being nude; I love walking around clothes-free, but I do have an issue with someone trespassing on my property and running into me that way because I have no idea who the hell they are or what they want. If they're up to no good I'm pretty much screwed, as no clothes also means no Colt Anaconda on my hip.
I peered through the foliage and watched as the person came into view. To my surprise, it was a slightly chubby blonde with glasses and a kerchief on her head, wearing a black skirt, black calf-high boots and a checkered shirt. She reached the flat bedrock that allowed me to cross the creek easily, and glanced around furtively for a few seconds to be certain she was alone. Apparently, she failed to notice that the farm style gate was open, because she began removing her clothes.
I watched intently, as she unbuttoned her thin cotton shirt and cast it to one side, revealing a nice set of really large and round knockers. She immediately reminded me of Kirsten Vangsness, from Criminal Minds, with her blonde hair, glasses and really fuckable titties; someone I really have the hots for. She continued removing her clothes, although there wasn't much left to take off. She pulled her skirt down and stepped out of it, leaving her in nothing but her boots. I don't know what it is about chunky chicks and tight, calf-high boots, but it really turns me on. I began pulling on my cock as I watched her take those sexy boots off as well, leaving her totally nude; her pale skin shining in the filtered sunlight, as it flickered across her nude body.
The woman stepped into the shallow water of the creek and began fingering herself as she waded downstream. I stared in silent fascination as she wandered around a bend in the creek and disappeared. I immediately leaped to me feet, waded across the stream and scooped her clothes up, before returning to my side and dumping them behind the same clump of ironwood I had been hiding behind. I then reclined on the slab of bedrock on my side of the creek and waited for her to return.
A minute or so later, she came back into view, rubbing her clit vigorously with her right hand, while she crammed several fingers into her meaty cunt with her left. She was dripping wet, so she must have gone swimming in the deeper portion of the creek bed downstream. She was also squeaking excitedly in pleasure, and her legs gave out as her orgasm crested. She dropped to her knees and began writhing about in the fine mica deposits of the sandbar; her feet kicking about uncontrollably, as she came. She finally stopped thrashing about, and stood up. She was entirely covered in fine, white, sparkly mica sand, and her nude body glittered in the dappled sunlight like a child's art project.
The woman sighed deeply, and I heard her say something quietly.
"Oh, that felt sooo good!" she remarked to herself, as she waded out into the center of the stream and lay down to rinse the sand from her unclothed body. "God, I love coming down here and walking around nude!"
After a minute or so, she stood up and waded back to shore, most likely to dry off in the sun and re-dress. I heard her suck her breath in sharply, as she realized her clothes were gone.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "Who took my clothes? Who's there? What do you want?"
"You're trespassing." I replied gruffly from behind the ironwood.
"Who are you?" she inquired fearfully. "What do you want?"
"The land owner." I answered as I stood up and stepped into view. "And I wanted to teach you a lesson about trespassing."
I stared at her curvy, nude body, and began openly masturbating in front of her.
"You got to cum already." I explained. "Now, it's my turn. I want to look at that gorgeous cleavage of yours and shoot my load into the creek while I wish I had my cock crammed between those massive tits."
"You own this land?" she inquired in surprise.
"Yes." I replied. "And I like to come up here and take my clothes off too, hence all of the 'no trespassing' signs you passed on the way in."
"I'm sorry." she apologized. "I like to come down here and strip, and walk around nude. I didn't mean to upset you."
I let go of my dick and stepped into the creek. To my surprise, she did the same, and we met in the middle of the water.
"Well, as long as you're nude too, I don't see the harm." I responded. "My name is Jack."
"I'm Patsy." the woman replied. "When I was in college, everyone called me 'Fatsy Patsy' though."
"You're not really fat." I said gently. "A little chubby and really curvy, but not fat. Besides, you're not in college anymore. So that brings me to my next question: what are you doing here?"
"I moved back in with my parents." she replied. "We live in the brick house over there."
She pointed in a general direction, and I knew immediately which house she meant. I had seen a couple in their mid sixties in the yard a time or two, but could they really be her parents?
"I meant, here." I responded, pointing straight down at the water.
"Oh." she replied. "It's a nice place. Really private. I come here all the time. I guess I won't be able to anymore, though."
"Well," I said softly, "as long as you want to take your clothes off, it's okay with me. I have this place posted because I like being nude too. You can come here any time you like."
"Really?" she asked excitedly. "Anytime I want?"
"Yes Patsy." I replied. "You even have my permission to walk around my property nude too, if you want."
"Oh thank you!" she exclaimed. "I'd love that!"
"You're welcome. Now, I came down here to jerk off." I explained. "Then I saw you. I'd really like to cum too."
"Please... don't... jerk off." she said quietly. "I come here because I don't have a boyfriend. Instead of jerking off, would you fuck me instead?"
Whoa! Huge titties, no boyfriend AND she wanted to fuck? That seemed like a no-brainer to me.
"Of course!" I blurted out.
I reached out and wrapped my hands around her huge, round knockers, squeezing them vigorously in my hands.
"Damn!" I gasped. "I love your titties!"
"Squeeze them!" she begged. "Oh please squeeze my titties! I love to have them squeezed. And fucked too. I'd love to have a nice hard cock fuck my cleavage and cum all over my face and neck."
"I'd like that too!" I agreed. "But right now, I'd love to fuck you doggy style on that sandbar, so I can squeeze your tits while I fuck you from behind. Is that okay?"
"Oh yes!" Patsy exclaimed. "Fuck me from behind like the dog I am. I'll be your little bitch! Fuck me and cum in my cunt! Oh please, Jack! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
I continued mashing her melons together; squeezing them and pressing them together, and sucking on her huge nipples. For the size of her tits, her areolas weren't that big, but her nipples had swollen into small, fat sausages over an inch long.
"Come on." I urged, as I led her by the hand.
We stepped onto the sparkling mica sandbar, and I guided her onto her hands and knees. Her huge tits hung down like the udders of a dairy cow, and I grasped them firmly as I plunged my cock into her meaty cunt.
I began fucking her in earnest; slamming my cock in and out of her cunt and causing her hanging jugs to swing back and forth like a pair of wrecking balls. Patsy squealed in delight as I pounded her tight, slippery whore hole.
"Oh yes, Jack!" she squawked hoarsely. "Pound my pussy! Make me cum! Cum in me! Cum in me!"
I continued mauling her monstrous tits as my prostate began to contract.
"Oh fuck!" I gasped. "Oh Patsy, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum inside your hot, tight cunt! Oh shit! Oh fuck... here it comes!"
My voice trailed off, as I shot my load inside her warm, wet cunt. Spurt after spurt of hot, salty semen erupted from my cock and filled her lonely love canal. I continued squeezing her massive tits in my hands as my cock slowly softened, before it finally flopped out of her slippery hole.
"Oh Patsy!" I panted. "That was so good! Your cunt felt so good!"
"I felt you squirt inside of me!" she whispered. "It was so warm! I could feel it filling my cunt."
We both slowly rose to our feet and faced each other. I smiled, and began massaging her tits once again; squeezing them and sucking on her huge nipples.
"I can't believe you don't have a boyfriend." I said quietly, as I finally pulled my mouth from her nipples. "You're perfect!"
"I told you, I'm a fatty." she replied shyly. "Nobody wants me. It's a shame too, because I'd do anything to please my man."
"Anything?" I inquired curiously. "Like what?"
"Anything he wants." she answered emphatically. "I'd suck his dick. I'd lick his asshole. I'd even swallow if he wanted me to."
At that point, I was more than intrigued. She wasn't as fat as she thought she was, and she was ripe for the picking, if I decided I wanted that forbidden fruit of the loin. I was pretty sure I did. Loyalty means a lot to me; more so than physical beauty. Unless you're a total hippo and ugly as shit, there is a lot of leeway in my acceptance of a woman, as long as she is mine.
After almost a minute of going over all of this in my head, I finally spoke.
"And I told you, you're not fat." I said sternly. "Just pleasantly plump. Most of that fat is in your tits too, which is even better. I don't want to ever hear you put yourself down like that again, okay?"
Patsy smiled broadly, and nodded.
"Okay." she replied happily, as my load of semen dribbled out of her cunt and ran down the insides of her thighs. "I think you really mean that."
"Why don't you come up to my cabin?" I inquired, as we waded back to my side of the creek. "I did mean that, and I'd like to show you around, if you have some time."
"I have all the time in the world!" she exclaimed. "I'm still trying to find work, so I have a lot of time. I put out a lot of resumes and I'm waiting to hear back. In the meantime, I'm helping Mom and Dad with cooking, cleaning, laundry, yard work-"
"So take the afternoon off." I interrupted. "You deserve it. When we get to the cabin, you can call them on my cell phone and tell them you've met one of your neighbors and you're staying for dinner. You'll be back in the morning. Or maybe the afternoon. Or maybe even the day after tomorrow."
"Will you fuck me again?" she inquired wistfully. "And when this is over, will I ever see you again?"
"I will and you will." I promised. "Now that I know where you are, and you know where I am and we both want to fuck, I see no reason why this won't continue."
Patsy threw her arms around me and gave me a huge bear hug.
"I think I love you, Jack." she purred. "I want to make you sooo happy."
"I believe you will." I agreed. "Put those sexy boots back on and follow me."
"What about the rest of my clothes?" she inquired, as I slipped my sneakers back on.
"Leave them here." I replied. "You won't need them, I promise. You won't even miss them. By the time you leave here, you'll hate putting your clothes back on with a passion. You'll dream of coming back here and stripping, and walking all over my land without any clothes on."
"I'm dreaming of it right now." she sighed, as he put her sexy black boots back on. "Lead the way, Jack."
I smiled and took her hand, leading her up the slight slope from the bedrock slab, to the dirt road that led to my rustic cabin. It took about ten minutes to hike the steep, third of a mile trail to the top of my hill. It was almost a three hundred foot vertical rise from the creek, so it was rather strenuous. By the time we reached the cabin, we were both a little out of breath and quite thirsty.
"Here." I offered, as we entered my modest little cabin. "Have some Gatorade. It'll help with all the minerals you lost."
"Thank you." Patsy replied, as she took the bottle and began gulping it down.
She emptied the bottle and smiled, looking around.
"Thank you." she said as she gazed at my primitive hideaway. "So this is your place?"
"It is." I answered. "I bought this land when I was 21. Paid cash for it. The old guy that owned it needed tax money for the IRS, so he sold this whole place for ten grand. Half the county hates me 'cuz they think I took advantage of the old coot. The other half loves me for finally beating the cheap bastard at his own game."
"So that's you!" she exclaimed. "I heard about that. I didn't realize it was this place though. It's beautiful. I never knew this was up here."
"Well now you do." I said with a smile. "It was wide open when I bought it. The pines grew in over the years and I kept a few acres mowed up here on top."
"I'd give anything to live up here." Patsy said wistfully. "It's a shame this is only a camp."
"I come here all the time." I replied. "You can come up here any time you like, too. I'll give you a key the next time I'm up here. It fits the gate and the cabin. If you have an ATV, just open the gate and come on in."
"You really mean it?" Patsy exclaimed. "I can come up here any time I want? I can take my clothes off and run around nude too?"
"Yes Patsy." I replied. "This place is yours too, if you want it."
"I do!" she burst out. "I want it, and I want you too! I want all of this! I'll get a job as a nurse, I promise. I'll pay my way and I'll be your girl. Please let me be your girl, Jack."
"Oh Patsy," I sighed, as I reached out and fondled her huge melons once again, "I want you to be my girl too. You'll really toss my salad?"
"Oh yes! Anything to please you if you'll be my boyfriend." she responded.
"Good!" I replied. "We have all afternoon. Let's go for a nice, nude hike. Maybe fuck again in the woods, or even in the mud bog. Then, we'll come back here and I'll get a fire going and grill some nice venison steaks I have in the cooler. Lotsa deer up here too. I shot those steaks myself."
"A mud bog!" Patsy sighed excitedly. "I'd love to fuck in the mud! Rolling around and getting all gooey, and then feeling your long, hard cock in my naughty cunt! Oh Jack, I'd love that!"
"Me too." I said, as I arched my eyebrows. "I've rolled around in the mud and jerked off tons of times, but I've never actually fucked in the mud. I'd love to do it with you though. You turn me on and get me so hot. I want to do all sorts of things with you!"
"Oh, that would be great!" Patsy murmured, as she closed her eyes. "I could be your fat little piggy rolling around in the squishy mud. I'd squeal like a little piggy for you too, if you want. Would you like that?"
"I would!" I replied enthusiastically. "We'd get all covered in gooey, red clay, and I'd fuck you like a little pig. Call your parents, tell them you're up here with me, and let's go fuck in the mud!"
I offered her my cell phone, and she dialed her house.
"Hi Mom." she said sweetly. "I just wanted to let you know that I met one of our neighbors and I'm at his place... the land up on top of Elk Ridge... yes, that's the guy... no really, he's so sweet... he has a nice little cabin and I'll be up here for the rest of the day. I'll be back tomorrow or the day after... yes, you can reach me at this number. It's a cell, but we'll check it from time to time, so don't get nervous if no one answers. We'll probably be out hiking or something... Love you too. Bye."
Patsy folded the phone, looked at me and smiled.
"Take me to that mud hole!" she demanded. "I want to fuck in the mud and then rinse off in the creek. I want to walk all over this property completely nude and masturbate any time I want to; just like you. I want to cum in the mud. I want to cum in the creek. I want to cum in the woods and I want to come in the meadow. I want to fuck you in front of the fire on a cool night, and feel your hot cum deep inside my cunt."
"Wow." I replied. "That's a long list, but I like it. Let's start with the mud hole. I dug it myself. It's three feet deep, and nothing but pure red clay and water. It's about the consistency of raw bread dough. Maybe a little thinner. We can always add more water though, to thin it out if you'd like."
"Oh my god, that sounds so hot!" Patsy screeched. "Take me down there now!"
I needed no further encouragement. I headed down the trail with my cute little four-eyed piggy behind me, and about ten minutes later, we arrived at my muddy oasis.
"This is it." I said, as we dipped our bare feet into the gooey, red mess. "What do you think?"
"I think it's perfect!" Patsy exclaimed, as she stepped into the squishy red clay, and sank up to her knees. Mmm... it's so fucking hot."
"Good." I replied, as I suddenly shoved her forward.
Patsy landed face first and flat on her stomach, in the pudding-like clay. I jumped in beside her and pulled her up. Her entire front side was coated in gooey, red clay, including her face. Her glasses were completely covered, leaving her virtually blind
"What the fuck?!" she exclaimed.
She had no time to react, as I pulled her backwards into the slippery ooze alongside me. We thrashed around in the slimy mud for several seconds before it dawned on her.
"Oh shit!" she burst out. "Oh, fuck yeah!"
I grabbed handfuls of the sticky red mess and rubbed it all over her body, coating her face, hair and most of all, those wonderful round boobs of hers.
"Oh shit!" she gasped again. "We're too muddy to fuck now. It'll get all in my cunt."
"Some other time then." I suggested. "Masturbate while I fuck your titties."
"Oh yes!" she agreed, and began rubbing her fingers in viscous circles around her clit as I straddled her chest and pushed my cock between her muddy tits.
I had never done this before, yet I somehow knew instinctively, how to make it all happen. I slid my dick back and forth inside her muddy cleavage for several minutes, as Patsy fingered her muddy fuck hole.
"It feels so good, Jack!" she wailed, as she feverishly worked her clit. "I'm gonna cum!"
"Me too!" I gasped, as I felt a wonderful sensation building in my ass and cock. "Oh Fatsy Patsy, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum in your fat fucking cleavage! I gonna cum all over your fat, fucking tits! Oh shit, you fat, fucking pig! Squeal for me, you fat fucking pig! Squeal like the fat fucking piggy you are!"
Patsy began wailing like a banshee, but it wasn't enough.
"Squeal!" I demanded. "Squeal, Pig!"
She began snuffling loudly, and then started squealing, just like the muddy swine she was. That was enough to send me over the edge, and I shot spurt after spurt of my white semen all over her muddy tits and face.
"Oh God!" I gasped, as I staggered back to solid ground. "That was the best fantasy fuck I've ever had!"
"Me too." Patsy agreed, as she pulled herself up and crawled toward me. "This is the best day of my life, Jack. We could do this all the time if you want. If you'll have me."
"Yes we could." I agreed, as I placed my muddy hands around the back of her head and mud-caked hair. "Once we rinse off and get back up to the cabin, call your mom back and tell her you won't be coming home any time soon."