We sat in the warmth of the car and enjoyed the moment. Shielded from the cold wind we watched a lone fisherman untangling a line. Fishing rods were spiked into the sand like sentinels on watch, ready to bend with a strike as they watched the fluorescent floats on top of the water's chop. We guessed that his lunch was in a box which was optimistically large.
Relaxed, we listened to the wind as it whistled around the car. She kicked off her shoes, put her feet up on the dash and adjusted the seat to lay back. More adjustments as she moved her bum forward in the seat, with her knees up and apart. I looked at her red shorts, the fabric so thin and inside the leg I could see the edge of her knickers. She sighed and closed her eyes, content.
On the shelf under the dash I could see a pair of scissors. I looked at her again, her eyes closed, her breaths regular and her shorts so thin. Reaching forward I picked up the scissors and held them, they were new and sharp. I felt them. I moved forward in my seat and again opened the scissor blades. I reached forward and tested their sharpness. They cut the leg of her shorts neatly. I slid the scissors forward and cut more. She lay there, not moving, her breathing regular and her eyes closed.
With my other hand I held the cut edge of the shorts, pulled them away from her and advanced the scissors further. Snip, another snip and I cut through the middle seam. One more advance, one more snip and I positioned the scissors at the other leg. Snip, I advanced them again and snip. With my other hand I pulled the cut edge away from her and with one more snip I'd cut the last.
The bottom part fell from her. I lifted the top part away to reveal her pink knickers. I picked up the fabric of her knickers and cut. Through the hole I'd cut I could see skin. I put my finger in the hole, pulled the fabric away from her and with the scissors cut more. One more snip and I'd cut through the elastic. One side done, I held the cut edge and cut through the other side. With the elastic cut the knickers retracted a little. As with the shorts the bottom piece fell down and I lifted the top away.
Her lips were shaven smooth and above them was a landing strip of hair. I wondered whether the scissors were as efficient with hair as with fabric. But I didn't want hair everywhere either. I thought for a moment, then reached to the shelf below the dash and found sunscreen. I generously coated one side of the scissor blades and reaching forward; snip, I cut a corner of her landing strip.
I saw how all the cut hair stuck to the sunscreen on the scissors. I tried again, using a different part of the scissor blades. All the hair was stuck to the scissor blades. There was still one last part of the scissor blades that hadn't been used so I reached forward and, snip, I used it. I found a box of tissues and with one tissue I wiped the blades clean and recoated them with sunscreen. Snip, snip, snip and I repeated the process. It took six more coats of sunscreen to trim her landing strip, close and even with no more wispy, long hairs.
Her eyes were still closed, her breathing regular, her knees seemed further apart. With a finger I touched the landing strip, it was soft and springy, a rectangle like a miniature bed. I thought of trimming it closer but it looked good now with no errant hairs.
I studied her pussy, the neat line of it between her legs and the protruding flaps. I advanced my finger and felt the contour fall into her slit. I felt the prominence of her clit.
"Mmmmmm," she murmured.
I licked my finger and put it back, it slid easily now.
"Ahhh! Mmmm!" I heard as again I touched her clit. Her knees opened more and my finger advanced. She was wet, slippery wet and so warm. Her flaps parted to allow my finger passage between them and closed behind it as it passed. Easily my finger journeyed along the smooth path and then slid down deep inside her. I felt the bumps that were her hymen and the smooth column at the front that stretched back deep inside her and the soft elasticity of the walls until I could go no further, then I withdrew slowly. I licked two fingers, tasting her from one and wetting the other. Tangy, warm, piquant; I started from the top again, down over her clit, down the smooth wet valley, past the lips that opened and folded in behind my fingers. I slid both of my fingers into her, past the bumps to rest and feel the wet warmth. I could smell the tang of musk.
"Mmmm!" she murmured.
I withdrew my fingers and wet they slid up her slit to her clit. I pulled her hood back to expose more of her clit, its small rounded pink head was hard as it pushed to get out of its confine. I touched her clit and she twitched. Around her clit my fingers circled.
"Mmmm!" She murmured with every breath. Round and round, slowly they caressed. Her breaths were becoming shorter, faster and when I stopped they stopped too, waiting and expectant. With one finger on each side of her clit I slowly started an up and down motion. Her breathing followed the rhythm. Her eyes were still closed and her knees were straining to be further apart. The up and down motion of my fingers continued, their rhythm a little firmer and faster. She moaned and her breath caught as it kept pace. Firmer, faster, her breath became ragged and she stopped moaning. With every breath in she began to gasp, shrill, her head rolled from side to side and her hair flowed in disorder around her face. Suddenly her back arched, her legs lifted and thrusting upwards she screamed.
"Oh, God! Oh God!" Her body twitched and bucked as I continued, up and down, my fingers working and keeping up with her movement. Too soon it stopped and still I held my fingers there, not moving. Her hand reached for mine to hold it. Spasms jolted her body and as they subsided, her breathing settled. She opened her eyes.
"Mmmm! You can do that again any time!" We laughed, she reached out and holding my face pulled me to her and kissed me.
"You're next!" she said.