A couple of weeks after our impromptu session, I still couldn't get the image of Suzie watching me jerk off out of my head. Her snuggled up next to me, shirt unbuttoned and open, her small but perky breasts pressed up against me while I showed her how I masturbated. It still makes me hard every time I think about it.
While my wife had never mentioned anything explicitly about it, I'm pretty sure Suzie had told her, or at least given hints, about what we had done. The two of them were pretty close and tended to (over)share personal information, but no pointed words or even innuendo had ever come back to me.
And this was why it was so surprising when my wife asked if I could go over to Suzie and Steve's house to give her a hand with something, while Steve was away on business.
Was my wife giving me permission to go jerk off for one of her friends? Or was I reading too much into it and she legitimately needed some help? Only one way to find out.
"Of course, do I need to bring any tools or anything?" I asked.
"Nope," she responded straightly, "she said she'll have what you need."
Okay... that could be read multiple ways. So being a dutiful husband, I kissed my wife goodbye, grabbed my keys and set off to Suzie's.
On the way over, I convinced myself that I was being overly confident. There was no way my wife was going to let me go over to another married woman's house, strip down and pump my dick for her. She probably needed something simple: furniture stripped, pipes cleaned, bulb screwed, picture hung, trim hammered,... were there any other sexual repair puns? Funny and it made the drive go quickly, but I arrived at Suzie's house with quite a raging erection.
This time I didn't try to hide my arousal as I knocked on her door - the time for modesty had passed a couple of weeks ago - but I was still a little unsure of the reason for my trip over. Unsure until Suzie answered the door.
She was dressed in a very sexy bikini, with little ties on the sides of the bikini bottom and narrow pieces of fabric for all the coverage. Her nipples were making little tents in the fabric and there was no hiding her ample hips and ass, but it flattered her perky little tits too. Over top, she wore a very sheer cover up which didn't really cover anything but made it slightly more acceptable for non-pool use and answering the door.
"I'm so glad you're here!" she exclaimed, overly loudly as if for the neighbours. "Come on in and I'll show you what you'll be helping me with."
She ushered me in and shut the door. We had not seen each other since our first mutual masturbation session and while it felt a little awkward to see her now, Suzie broke the ice and was the first to act.
She wrapped her arms around my neck and gave a big, full body hug. I'm sure she felt my now very rigid cock straining to get out of my pants, but if she did, she didn't acknowledge it. Was this really just a maintenance call?
"There is a job I need you to do in the living room upstairs. It's not something I can do, which is why I asked your wife if you could help me." Suzie said as a matter of fact.
As she turned to lead the way upstairs, I noticed that the bottoms to her bikini had no fabric in the back, just the thinnest g-string I had ever seen. The "y" of the bottoms at the top of her ass dove down, disappearing between her round cheeks only to reappear - I assume - somewhere between her thighs. However, her extraordinary ass and thighs hid any hint of a bikini bottom until connected to the tiny piece of fabric covering her pussy.
Suzie gestured to follow her upstairs to the main room, which I gladly did as that near naked ass twitched and jiggled in front of me with each step.
The main living area had a huge, floor to ceiling, picture window which overlooked their pool and beyond to the main road. The way the house was positioned and the tall hedge made the pool area completely private from the neighbours and passing traffic, but the picture window was very visible from the street.
Still with no idea what would happen, Suzie positioned me right in the middle of the window and said, "Wait here, see what happens and do what feels right."
And with that, she turns to leave and I'm left looking over the pool and the traffic passing by. What feels right - well, that's promising, but she still hasn't made it clear.
About 30 seconds later, Suzie emerges from the lower floor in only her bikini and walks across the pool deck to a lounge chair, repositioned it to look directly back at the house, spreads out her towel and lays down.
She was the image of a hot MILF, stretched out and looking up at me. Not quite sure what to do next, I enjoyed the view of her in her tiny bikini and watched her watch me. After waiting a couple more seconds as she sunned herself, I broke down and gave my dick a little squeeze through the fabric of my jeans.
This was apparently the correct action as I could see her nod and bring both her hands up to her breasts to give them a little squeeze, push them together and flick her nipples ever so slightly. She looked back at me for the next move.
Taking the cue of this tit-for-tat, I grabbed my dick and stroked it through the fabric with one hand, while the other went up my t-shirt to play with my nipples. I glanced down at Suzie to encourage her to the next round, but she had already started.
Suzie had untied the knot on the neck of her bikini top and had let the strings drop across her chest. Since she was laying back the very minor coverage of the fabric had not yet fallen away, but she was obviously waiting for my next move before baring her chest to the sun.
There wasn't much I could do which would be anywhere near as sexy as that, much less top it, so I peeled off my shirt, undid my belt and slowly unzipped my pants. I didn't take anything out but exposed my freshly waxed pubic area and just a hint of the base of my shaft. I'm sure the rest was not much of a secret as my cock was straining at the fabric down my pant leg - making quite an outline to anyone walking by. Luckily there wasn't.
I looked to Suzie who had taken the bikini top fabric in hand and was slowly revealing her perky breasts and long, erect nipples to the open air. She then did the same with the bottoms revealing that she too had fully and freshly waxed and was now completely naked on the lounge chair. She reached down with both hands to deeply massage the newly smooth area and dipped several fingers into her very swollen pussy lips for lubrication in anticipation of a good jilling.
Not wanting to be left behind, I quickly stripped off the remainder of my clothing and stood naked in the middle of the window with my very erect penis pointing directly at Suzie. Nothing needed to be said, but we mutually started to masturbate for the other's pleasure.
Suzie began rubbing her clit with her right hand, while slowly moving several fingers of her left in and out of her pussy. I tried to match her speed as I slowly moved my hand up and down my exposed and very erect shaft, leaned forward slightly to steady myself on the window frame and get just a little closer to her.
Her tempo began to increase and I could see her watching me, watching her and I had to slow myself down slightly to make sure I didn't finish too far ahead of her.
Next, she lifted a leg, wrapped her arm around and reinserted two fingers into her pussy and began to push a third into her ass. As I watched and pumped, Suzie began to shake and tilt her head back, with a flush across her chest. I have no idea how loud the orgasm was as the window blocked the sound, but the expression on her face made me believe it was a good one.
I continued to jerk off knowing that my orgasm was not far off. As she recovered, Suzie noticed that I was still working at it. In a stroke of genius, she flipped over on the lounge chair, buried her face in the pillow, reached back with both hands to spread her cheeks wide apart and exposed her little asshole to me. I love anal and anything remotely associated with pushing my dick in a woman's tight ass does it for me. And this was no exception...That was all I could handle and I shot my cum on to the big windowpane before me for the world to see.
As I returned to my senses, I saw someone just exit the field of view from the window. Had they seen me? I was pretty exposed, but someone would have to look in this direction, away from traffic and other pedestrians. In a sudden moment of self-awareness, I realised how exposed I was, ducked down and gathered up my clothes. I peeked out the window to see where Suzie was, but she had already left the pool deck.
I got dressed and headed down to find Suzie. She was waiting for me, but no longer dressed in her bikini, just the cover up. And she looked stunning.
"That was incredible," I said. "And thank you for the ending inspiration. How did you know that would do it for me?"
Suzie responded coyly, "Most men like a little ass. Plus, a little birdie told me that it would put you over the edge." all but confirming that my wife knew. "Thank you for coming over. I really needed that release."
"Any time." I replied. "That was incredibly hot to see you out there, watching me. Actually, I'm getting aroused again seeing you here with just the cover up on."
"I'm good right now. Maybe next time." She hinted as she walked me to the door. There will be a next time?!?
"Oh," as I turned to leave. "Just as we were both finishing, I think I saw someone walk by. Couldn't see who it was or if they had stopped, but just thought you should know."
"Oh god!!" Suzie groaned. "I hope it wasn't one of my neighbours. I was pretty quiet until the end. I was loud when finishing out there."
"I'm sure it's nothing. They didn't stop, so they likely didn't hear anything." I tried to reassure her. "Anyway, you were hidden. I was on full display."
"True" she agreed, "but you're such a little slut, you probably liked it." she said with a huge smile.
"Also true" I acknowledged.
Suzie gave me a little kiss on the cheek "Bye..." and I left.
As I backed out the driveway and was about to pull out on to the road, a woman gardening next to the sidewalk a little ways down the street saw me and waved her hands for me to stop. I rolled down the window and asked if she needed my help.
As she came over to my car, I noticed she was in her early 50s, short, but with enormous tits which strained the threadbare t-shirt she was wearing for gardening.
"I think you can." She responded. "I saw the service you provided to my neighbour just now, and I was wondering if this is something you do... regularly?"
As she asked the question, she demurely placed her boobs on the open window of the car door and allowed them to spill over the sill. And they were truly ample, likely an F or a G cup. Almost shocking for her short frame.
Dumbfounded, I just stammered and couldn't get a word out.
"Oh, you don't have to respond right away, Honey. I just thought I'd ask. You see, some friends and I have a "book" club which isn't really a book club as much as it's a reason to get together, gossip and drink wine. We've recently been thinking of ways to change up the meetings and, from what I've seen, I think you would be an excellent option."
I didn't know what to say. Someone HAD seen us, but it took a direction I would never have expected.
"As I said, you don't have to respond now." She continued, "here's my number, call me if you'd like to perform for 5 to 7 women."
And with that she reached in and dragged her hand across my now quite erect cock and placed a piece of paper with her number under my thigh.
"It seems that I already have an answer," she grinned while dragging her hand back up my cock on the way out. "But I'll wait to hear from you formally."
And with that, she and her boobs left the car and returned to her gardening. Leaving me to pull into traffic and think about her offer, my experience with Suzie and what my wife would say to all of this...