Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
Part 06
DAY 10 -- The fourth day of my 'enslavement'
******
Harry woke me with a start, my whole body moved and I woke up as he thrust his cock quick and hard into my pussy. His subsequent hard and deep thrusts quickly made me cum. He later told me that my pussy was dripping before he started and asked me what I was dreaming about. Unfortunately, I couldn't remember but I was glad that I was very wet when he first thrust hard into me.
It was the last day with the Jeep, therefore my last day of me being their sex slave and I was hoping that it would be an incredibly sex filled day. I was still in the shower shaving my whole body when the 3 of them came into my room to see if I was ready. Again, I asked them to select the clothes that they wanted me to wear to go out, and if they took me anywhere that required clothes. Needless to say there wasn't much material waiting for me on my bed.
I left my room wearing just a G-string with no material, and that splits and goes either side of my clit before joining again to join to the string that goes round me, and a see-through bralette. When I put the G-string on Will pulled it up front and back and I gasped as I felt my clit get squeezed between the 2 strings.
"That's better," Will said, "your clit is sticking out now."
We left and headed to the car hire place and again stopped at the same cafe for breakfast. The 2 nerds were there having just a cup of coffee so Luke told me to position my chair so that they as well as anyone walking along the path to the centre of town could see me.
"It may well be the last time that they ever see a pussy." Luke said and made us all laugh.
I'm sure that the waiter there must be blind or gay because he again ignored what I was displaying. I considered giving my clit a little rub when he was in front of me but I decided that that would be going a little too far.
My display attracted the eyes of a 2 men and 1 girl, all who did a double take before continuing walking.
The car hire guy was outside his shop when we arrived and this time he had a girl with him. She looked to be late teens or early twenties and was wearing only a very skimpy bikini. I wondered if she was his daughter and what he had said the other day about trouble getting his daughters to keep their clothes on was actually true.
Both of them watched me as I took off the bra then the G-string and climbed into the Jeep totally naked.
It was Luke driving and we headed off on the road towards Ibiza town. When we were queueing at the roundabout outside Ibiza town Luke turned his head and told me that we were going to the same beaches as the previous day and I had slightly mixed feelings. I hadn't been fucked many times the previous day and I'd been hoping that I would get more that day.
"I hope that you 3 are going to fuck me a lot today." I said.
All 3 turned to me and said that they were. Luke adding that I'd get to know the sand dunes quite well.
I felt a wet rush in my pussy and then had a horrible thought that I might see 2 men fucking. I shook my head to get rid of that thought.
Luke parked the Jeep in the car park the furthest that he could get from the path through the woods so that I'd have more chance of being seen by other people parking their cars.
Harry volunteered to rub the sunblock on me and he called me round to the front of the Jeep so that the people who had just parked their cars and were walking to the beach would he him doing me. I kept staring at people trying to see their reaction as Harry's hands went all over the naked me.
I'm 100 percent sure that one man, who walked passed us quite close, heard my moan as Harry's finger first slid into my butt hole then my love hole, but the man didn't show any reaction. I wondered if we'd see him later on the gay's beach.
Unfortunately, there was no one around when Harry's fingers made me cum. As I got my wits about me I decided to count my days orgasms to see if I could reach a new record. That one was my second one of that day.
Sun block on and me smiling, we headed towards the other end of the car park and the track through the woods. There were quite a few people waling that way and I wondered if a bus had just arrived.
We walked passed a few people who had just parked their cars and some of them looked at me. Most didn't react, but a group of 3 young men started coming out with all the usual comments. That was until Luke stopped and turned to them. All he had to say was "Hey," and the young men shut up. I guess that being tall and a bit muscular has its advantages.
We weren't in a hurry walking along that track and quite a few people passed us and I wondered if they'd had a good look at my butt as they caught up to us.
When we got to the 'T' junction the guys had to decide which way to go. By a 2 to 1 majority, we turned left and headed to the gay's beach, Luke asking me if I was ready for the guys to drain every last drop in their balls inside me.
"I just hope that you guys can refill your balls quite quickly." I replied.
Confident as ever, Will said,
"I'll be ready for the next round before you've come down from your previous high. Maybe I should just jump right in as soon as 1 of these 2 pull out of you. If those 2 could do the same we could give you one hell of a never ending fuck."
"That sounds good, but I think that I can keep going longer than you 3, I don't have to re-charge my batteries."
"Got Duracell batteries in you have you Emily?" Luke asked.
"Yeah, self charging ones, never run flat."
Will must have been feeling really horny then because he grabbed my hand and pulled me over to tree and told me to put my hands on the tree. I just knew what he was going to do so I spread my legs and leant forwards. My pussy was ready to lubricate his cock before he slid in into my butt hole.
As Luke and Harry watched, he fucked me until he shot his load inside my butt. Fortunately I was horny too and I orgasmed (3) quickly, before he did. Which was good because he did what I suspected that he would and he pulled out as soon as he had cum.
I looked around to see if anyone (excluding Luke and Harry) had seen us but I saw no one. I guessed that we were walking too slowly.
We got to the beach and easily found a spot between the sea and the dunes, Luke having walked along the edge of the dunes to find a good spot for the guys to fuck me where we might (hopefully) be seen by a passing voyeur or some male couples looking for a bit of privacy.
At the towels I reminded the guys that it was definitely a nude beach and that they could get naked too, but they refused, Will saying that he didn't any gay men seeing his junk.
I laughed at him.
Anyway, it wasn't long before both Harry and Luke wanted to even up the fucking and they took me into the dunes. They weren't big dunes, in fact they were quite small, but they were enough for me to not be able to see Will on the beach when I was on my hands and knees which is how they both wanted to fuck me.
They started with one of them at each end of me and between them they made me cum (4) whilst both of them deposited their loads inside me. It was Luke that had taken my pussy and Harry got me to keep sucking his cock until he was ready to fuck my pussy. When they did swap ends Luke was still soft so I had to work on his cock until it was hard enough to get into my throat.
Harry came quickly but Luke took his time and Harry had gone back to Will long before Luke orgasmed.
Whilst he was fucking my throat he told me that a man was watching us and slowly wanking. I wanted to look but Luke was keeping my head busy.
After Luke had cum he told me that he was going to finish me off so he lay on the sand and told me to straddle his face.
I watched our voyeur slowly wanking as he watched us as Luke ate my pussy and brought me to my fifth of the day.
It was some soaking up of the sun next. I lay there with my legs wide open and when Will saw them he reminded me that there was hardly anyone on the beach and that the gay men wouldn't be interested in looking at my pussy.
"But laying like this tans my inner thighs and pussy." I reminded him.
"Oh." Was all that he could say.
A while later I turned onto my stomach and again spread my legs wide. Shortly after that Luke said,
"Are you?" And he sat up and looked down at my pussy to see my right hand slowly rubbing my pussy.
"You horny little girl. Isn't getting fucked by 3 guys enough for you?"
"Apparently not." Harry added. "You ARE one hell of a horny little chic aren't you Emily?"
"I guess that I am, would one of you guys take a photo of me doing this?"
Harry got up and delved into my bag. Ten seconds later I could hear the clicks from my phone, then from the other phones.
"Turn over and keep playing with yourself." Luke said, so I did.
This time I could see Harry taking the photos and that made me even more horny so my fingers started going in and out of my vagina, which prompted even more photos.
After number 6 arrived, and Harry taking photos as I was in the throws of cumming and jerking about, everything went silent, and when I was able to, I looked at Harry who was tapping away on my phone.
"What are you doing Harry?" I asked.
"Just sending one of the photos of you in mid-orgasm to everyone on your contacts list."
"NOOOOO, stop that right now, I may as well be dead."
"Relax girl, it's only going to the same 3 men. John, Oliver and Jack. I've added the text,
'even with 3 horny guys she still can't get enough'."
"Shit, I really am in the brown stuff with my apartmentmates. I guess that I'm going to have to find somewhere else to live. Thanks guys."
"Relax Emily, they'll only blackmail you into doing nice things for them." Will said, "maybe they'll make you be their sex slave, you'd like that wouldn't you?"
"Don't be silly, this is just a one-off holiday thing. I'll go back to being the normal girl who likes to be a little daring at times."
"You'll never be that same after this holiday Emily." Luke added.
"What do you mean?"
"Emily, you've sampled a different life and judging by every thing that you've said and done you have / are loving every second of it, Giving that up will be very difficult for you. I think that when you go back home you will be quickly looking for some of the life that you've experienced these last few days."
"No, this is a one-off, I'll be back in by old routine just as soon as been back at work for a few hours."
"But what about out of work Emily?"
"I'll never find a group of guys like you. No, I'll start dating again and find a man who will give me a small part of what I've got here, that will have to do me."
"Don't give up so quickly Emily, you'd be surprised how many people have as much fun as we do."
"Maybe, I guess that time will tell."
"Has all that talking ruined your building orgasm Emily?" Will asked.
"Yes, I'll have to start again, unless you'd like to do it for me?"
"Yes please." Will replied, then Harry said that he'd finger me to another straight afterwards.
I looked towards Luke and he shrugged his shoulders as if to say, "Of course."
Will and Luke swapped places and within seconds Will's right hand was working on my pussy. I looked around and was disappointed to not see anyone within 100 metres.
But I wasn't disappointed with what Will was doing to me. Orgasm number 7 arrived quite soon.
Harry took over even before I'd come down from my high and he quickly took me back up for number 8.
Luke wasn't in a rush to take over and he let me return to normal with just his hand holding my pussy. His index finger resting at the entrance to my vagina. Once I'd fully recovered he bent his index finger just a little bit so that it just entered me, then straightened his finger. He slowly repeated this over and over.
It took minutes for me to start to feel another orgasm building and another few minutes for number 9 to arrive. Just as it did Luke lifted his hand and with 2 fingers, he started finger fucking me.
Number 9 was the most intensive orgasm of the day. I decided to remember that trick.
The guys let me recover for a while before sending me to the little shop at the far end of the beach. At first they asked me to get some ice cream but when I told them that it would have melted long before I got back, they changed to order to some soft drinks.
I quite enjoyed that long walk, totally naked, and passing a few people, none of whom gave me a second glance. Also, the woman in the shop didn't bat an eyelid when she saw me as I walked in.
The soft drinks were reasonably cold when I got back to the guys and we sat there looking at the boats sailing by as we drank them.
Then it was in to the dunes for round 2 of doggy style fucking but I only managed to have 1 more orgasm.
It was swim time after that and it was soo relaxing, I could have stayed floating like that for hours but the guys wouldn't let me, they kept coming up behind me and ducking me or swimming under me and finger fucking me without me knowing that they were there until I was penetrated.
Even with the interruptions I got out of the water feeling very refreshed.
The guys then decided that we were going to the other big beach to display my body to more people, saying that there were too few people on the beach that we were on, and most of them weren't interested in a naked girl. We packed our bags and started walking towards the woods.
We came across 5 men walking towards us, none of them gave me a second glance, and after 2 of them had passed us Will said,
"No chance with those 2 Emily, they looked more bent than a 9 bob note."
"Do you even know what a 'bob note' is Emily? It was way before your time."
"Shillings, daddy taught me all about the old English currency."
"Good for him." Harry replied
We walked down the little hill and passed the area with mainly naked people, then to the lifeguard's watch tower. Just as we were about to pick our spot Luke asked if anyone was hungry. Instead of starting to expose my pussy to people walking by, we went to the beach cafe and had a light meal and some cold, soft drinks. Again, no one seemed bothered that there was a totally naked girl with 3 burly men, although a couple of men did stare at me for a while.
Finally able to lay out, I got on my back, on my towel, not far from the water's edge and spread my legs wide. Luke was on one side of me and the other 2 on the other side. Luke was up on his elbows with his sunglasses on and was giving me a running commentary on the people who were passing by and if they looked at me.
He told me that he had come to the conclusion that the people who were carrying bags were going to the nude area and very few of them looked at me, but the people who weren't carrying anything were the sad people from the clothed area who were taking a walk to see the naked people, not having the courage to get naked themselves.
His theory made sense to me and fitted in with what I had already seen.
After about 45 minutes Luke told me to go and see if the jet-ski people were there, that he wasn't thinking of having another go on one, it was just an excuse for me to walk passed all the clothed people. I smiled and got to my feet.
And wow, were there a lot of clothed people, most of them crammed into one area like sardines in a tin. I didn't know how anyone could restrict themselves like that.
I got quite a few people looking at me. I imagined that the men were looking with lust in their mind, and the women with either disgust or jealousy. I almost wanted to go up to the women with disgust written across their faces and bend over in front of them and twerk my bare butt in their faces then say,
"You're jealous because you've filled your face so much that you're now fat and ugly and everyone would laugh at you if you took your clothes off."
Or the slim ones,
"You're a mug to believe all that religious crap about the human body, it's beautiful and should be celebrated not hidden."
Anyway, enough of the problems of the clothed people, the jet-skis were there at the water's edge but no one was looking after them, and when I looked over to the shed like construction where Luke had talked to the men the previous day, the doors were closed. As I wasn't intending to hire one I wasn't bothered so I turned around and headed back.
As I walked I thought about coming back on my own in 2 or 3 days and maybe hiring one and asking one of the young men to take me for a spin so that I could put my hands on his cock. I laughed at the though of me me holding his boner and leaning it 1 way or another to get the jet-ski to turn that way, like steering it with with a gaming joystick.
Back with the guys I had a drink of water then flopped down on my back. No sooner than I had started to relax Harry told me to go and have a swim, so I did, and when I got out he stopped me just as my feet were leaving the water.
"Lay down their Emily, that way you can keep your feet in the water and stay cool."
That sounded like a good idea, and with my feet spread wide my pussy would still be on display.
A few people walked by and looked down at me, 2 young men taking a diversion into the water to look at me from beyond my feet. Then I had an idea, what if I were to swing my legs up and over and get into the position where I can lick my own pussy, Then my pussy really would be on full display, and close to the people walking by.
I smiled as I swung my legs up and got into position and stayed there looking out to sea and the yachts that had arrived for the day. It wasn't long before people walking along the water's edge got to me and just had to look at the body that was in such a strange position.
No one said anything but I'm damn sure that they looked down and saw my pussy and butt hole. I say that no one said anything, but the 2 young men who walked by earlier came back, probably having had an eyeful of the women who were sunbathing naked. When the saw me they decided to stop right next to me and look at the yachts. Well that was where they were looking when I looked up at them.
After a couple of minutes one of the said, in English,
"Are you alright young lady? That position doesn't look very comfortable."
"Yes thank you, it's quite comfortable thanks. Great view isn't it?"
"What?" The same young man asked.
"The yachts, there's one hell of a lot of money out there. What did you think that I meant?"
The other young man wasn't quite so polite and asked,
"Can you lick yourself?"
"That's a bit personal isn't it? I mean asking a young girl if she can lick her own pussy."
"So can you?"
"Wow," I thought, this guy doesn't mess about."
I was just about to tell him that I could when I heard,
"That's none of your business guys, please can you leave my little sister alone?"
Neither of the guys was anywhere as near tall as Luke and when they turned to see him they both just turned and walked away. Luke squat down beside me and said,
"You are unbelievable Emily, a one-off, I've never even seen porno films with girls doing what you do in such public places. I wish that you lived near where I do."
That last bit surprised me and after a few seconds thinking I replied,
"Yes, it would be nice to have a permanent fuck buddy who would indulge my needs, but I, we can get away with things here that we just couldn't in England."
"I think that the weather has a lot to do with that but there must be opportunities in England, I guess that it's just a question of finding them."
"Maybe, maybe I should just move to Ibiza?"
"That would be nice, for both of us, but it's just not as easy as it sounds."
"Unfortunately not."
Then Luke moved in front of me and put his arms under each side of my back and lifted me up in the air.
"Stop Luke," I shouted, "put me down, you might hurt me."
I needn't have worried because he gently pit me down on top of Harry who didn't even flinch at my weight suddenly being plonked down on his stomach. As soon as I'd unravelled myself I got to my feet closely followed by Harry who picked me up and put me over his shoulder. He then walked into the sea before throwing me off his shoulder.
When I surfaced he told me that he was going to fuck me. I smiled and swam to where it would be deep enough for Harry to stand and fuck me without it being too obvious that we were fucking. As he walked between my spread legs he fingered me then said,
"Ready for me then, but there again there hasn't been a time when you weren't all nice and wet."
I smiled as his cock entered me and he brought us both to an orgasm (11) at the same time.
I hadn't seen Will wading out to join us but he was there between my legs within seconds of Harry withdrawing. When I did see him my first reaction was to worry about him trying to fuck my asshole without any lubrication, I was sure that it would really hurt. Then I was pleased to feel his cock entering my vagina.
He rammed in and out of me so fast that he came quite quickly, leaving me unsatisfied.
When Will withdrew and pushed me away I looked around for Luke, expecting him to want his turn, and hopefully satisfy me, but he was still sat on the beach. I was disappointed but I did expect Luke to take me sometime soon. I swam around for a short while, just relaxing and enjoying everything.
When I went ashore and lay between Harry and Luke, Luke moving his legs to one side so that I could open mine. Then we all just lay there soaking up the sun.
I actually dozed off, apparently for quite a while, and when I awoke Luke said,
"Good dream?"
"Err yes, sorry for falling asleep, I don't want any of you to miss an opportunity to ravish my little body."
"That's okay, Will has been out of it for the last hour as well. Did you know that you cum in your sleep?"
"No, really, was I moaning and my body jerking about?"
"Yep, and your right hand was busy too."
"You let me masturbate out here, on a public beach? No I didn't, tell me that you're joking."
"Oh yes you did."
"Oh no I didn't."
"Seriously Emily, you did."
"Oh my gawd. I wonder if I've done it before?"
"I guess that you'll never know, maybe you could ask your Ex?"
"No chance, I never want to see him again."
"You looked cute rubbing away with your right hand and your left hand abusing your right nipple." Harry added.
"Thanks Harry."
I looked over Harry to Will and saw that he was naked, and he had a boner.
"When did Will strip? I took him to be the shy one."
"He is, we took his shorts off after he went to sleep." Harry replied.
"He'll be pissed when he wakes up." I said.
"He'll be embarrassed too when he finds his dried cum on his chest."
"I hope that you're not going to blame me?" I asked.
"No, we're going to tell him that it was the cutest woman we can see when he wakes up."
"He'll love you."
"He'll be thinking about it for years because he won't have the courage to go and ask the woman." Luke added.
I smiled and checked down the front of my body to make sure that I didn't have any dried cum on me.
Harry was right, when Will woke up he was embarrassed that he had a boner that was on full display to everyone on the beach. He quickly pulled his shorts on and turned onto his stomach. He was even more embarrassed when Harry told him that a gorgeous woman had come and wanked him. At first Will didn't believe Harry but when Harry pointed to the dried cum on his chest Will was both confused and embarrassed.
"Luke," Will asked, "is Harry talking crap again or did it really happen?"
"Sorry mate, we just let her get on with it, jealous that she didn't pick on Harry or me."
"It wasn't you was it Emily?"
"No Will, I was asleep at the time, it's a shame that she didn't come and eat my pussy as well."
There was a long silence from Will and I looked at Luke and Harry who, somehow, had both managed to keep a straight face.
We lay there for about another hour with me watching the people walking by and willing them to look over to me and my spread legs. Then Luke said,
"Well I hate to bring things to an end folks but we should really be heading off back, the Jeep has to be back before 6 o'clock"
"Yes, I've enjoyed being your sex slave for these last 4 days, I'm sure that I've cum more times during these 4 days than I have in the last few years."
"And you're going to cum again Emily," Harry said, "I'm going to fuck you at the Jeep with other people who are leaving watching."
"Promises, promises."
"I am."
"You my girl are going to stand in front of that Jeep, bend over and put your hands on that Jeep and you are going to get my cock up your hole."
"Yes please."
"And I might just ram mine up your butt straight after Harry has done with you." Will added.
I wasn't looking forward to that last bit as I just knew that it would hurt me. Also I was wondering if Luke was going to do anything to me.
As it was, the Jeep was parked in a relatively quiet part of the car park and I didn't see anyone watching when Harry got me to bend over. Harry was good, he got just the right angle to make it a good one for me and I orgasmed (12) just before he did.
I was grateful that Will rubbed the end of his cock up and down my dripping slit a few times before attacking my butt hole and it only hurt a little. As he was pounding in and out of me I was trying to decide if I wanted more butt fucking or if what Will had given me was enough. I didn't come to a conclusion, possibly because I heard some strange voices behind me.
It was a group of 4 young men and they were talking in a mixture of Spanish and English. One bit tat I did understand was that 1 of the was telling Will to give it to me hard. I don't think that he could have rammed into me any harder, as it was I felt his balls slap on my pussy each time that he rammed in to me.
I didn't cum that time either.
For some unknown reason, Luke didn't partake in the fun and he just watched.
We stopped for petrol on way back to San Antonio and discovered that the pump was one of those where you have to pre-pay for your fuel. The guys were smiling as Luke gave me some money and told me to go and pay for it, totally naked. The problem was that I / we didn't know how much fuel it would take to fill it up so I ended up going into the shop twice. The first time I had to explain that we didn't know how much fuel we need and that we wanted to fill it up. I offered the smiling girl some money but she refused saying that it was okay to pay after we had taken what we needed.
In a way I was glad that her English was good because it meant that I was in and out quicker, but at the same time I wanted it to take much, much longer so that the other customers could get a longer look at me.
Funnily enough, the customers that were there when we arrived were still at the pumps after I'd been into the shop the second time to pay. What's more, a couple of cars were queueing to get to the pumps. A little convoy of vehicles left the filling station behind us.
I thought that it might be fun to stand up on the seat and wave at them but then decided that it probably wasn't a good idea.
At the car hire place Luke parked the Jeep with the car hire man watching us. Luke told me to get our belongings out of the lock box and as I was doing so I got 1 of my strings only thongs out of my bag and left it in the lock box as a little present for the man and I wondered if he'd use it as wanking material or just dump it.
I waited to put some clothes on and watched as the car hire man and Luke went round the Jeep looking to see if we'd done any damage to it, which we hadn't, then as they were sorting something out I put on the same clothes that I took off that morning.
We headed off back to the hotel where the security guard gave me a filthy look but didn't stop me.
"One last nice meal tonight Emily." Luke said as I opened my room door.
"That would be nice." I replied.
I went in and opened the door to the balcony wondering if I'd see Dani and Wren but they must have been out somewhere. I looked down to the swimming pool but I couldn't see them.
Surprise, surprise (not) the guys came into my room whilst I was in the bathroom getting ready to go out, and when I emerged on my bed was 1 of my totally see-through, net dresses and a pair of heels. I smiled and asked if I could stop wearing my hair in pigtails.
When Luke said that I could I took the bands off and brushed it straight.
The guys took me to the same Chinese restaurant and whilst we were eating we talked about the last 4 days and what they guys thought were the best parts. They also got me to try to count up the number of orgasms that I'd had over those 4 days. I tried but every time I started for each day one of the guys would say "What about ... " and I'd lose count. Luke stopped the counting by saying,
"Let's just say that Emily had roughly 3 times the number that each of us had, and that takes it to one hell of a lot." Then he turned to me and continued,
"And I hope that you are lucky enough to beat what must have been a record for you on a number of occasions in the future. It's been a real pleasure having your company these last 4 days."
Each of the guys reached over and kissed me on my cheeks, then Luke added that it wasn't quit over yet for me. There was still 1 night and that 1 of them would be fucking my brains out before I went to sleep that night.
I smiled and wondered which 1 it would be.
I found out when we left the restaurant. Harry and Will turned to walk to where all the bars are and Luke grabbed my hand and we started walking back to the hotel.
"We did rock, paper, scissors to see who spends the night with you Emily, and I won." Luke said with a big grin on his face.
It was a lot more like Luke was making love to me rather than him just fucking me. We took it in turns to go down on each other before he'd take me in 1 position, then we'd have a bit of a rest before starting all over again. It seemed to go on for hours and we heard Harry and Will returning before I eventually went to sleep.