"Dear Diary... I like my picture taken. Especially naked. With the pizza boy. SAY EXTRA CHEESE!"
********
Paige Turner woke up confused. Last night her father took her to bed with him and they made love for hours. Of course, he allowed her to have five beers before bed to relax her. Exhausted and drunk she never even realized that he had carried her back to her own bedroom and tucked her in with her stuffed teddy bear named Fuzzy. Warm beneath her down comforter she stretches to regain mobility. Kicking off her covers she looks at her alarm clock. It was almost 11:00 in the morning. He let her sleep in. Wait! This was Monday. Oh, right, he agreed to take Monday off of work and gave her permission to skip a day of school. Whew!
Hearing the sounds of a lawn mower outside her bedroom window she presumed her dad was mowing the yard. Squinting against the bright sunlight through her parted curtain she guessed right. Opting to take a shower she gave him time to finish his chores. Twenty minutes later she stepped from her room in a towel. Her stunning fire red hair blown dry and silky.
Going to the kitchen she pours a glass of orange juice and stands there trying to decide if she wanted breakfast or lunch. A light hangover made it indecisive. They had a few beers last night to celebrate after her fake uncles went home and before he took her to bed. The OJ killed the after taste but now she needed to brush her teeth. She never made it that far. Entering through the garage door into the laundry room Lonnie Turner kicked his shoes off and trudged tiredly into the living room. Plopping down on the sofa he expels a deafening sigh.
"Everything alright, daddy?" She shuffles to the side of the couch sipping her juice.
"Yeah! Just thinking."
"About what?"
"About last night. How stupid was I to let my buddies fuck you? I'm a piss poor Dad. Who does that shit?"
"You're... not a piss poor daddy. You're an awesome father."
"Even after they left what did I do? I made love to my daughter."
"You're really good at that daddy. I came a lot."
"Stop already. I must be insane buying all that crap to use on you."
She pouts and moves beside him sitting down leg to leg, holding her juice glass between her thighs as her hands rest in her lap.
"You don't want to do this anymore?" She gets teary eyed.
"I-I don't know Paige. Lust just consumed me. Seeing you tortured here in the living room from outside got me all worked up. My buddies are like family to you. They're probably feeling like crap just like I am right now."
"I hope not. I love all of you."
"How can you? I let them freaking rape you last night."
"Daddy?" She clamps a hand over his mouth to stop him talking. "I don't call it rape. I brought it on by teasing so heavily. You wanted me to tease them and maybe if anything I teased too hard. Once I noticed how interested they got in seeing me partially nude it made me want to tease harder. Wanting me to do that is getting me over my shyness. The fact I knew them made it easier. Even at the mall when I tried on the furs and that old guy drooled over me, I felt really wanted. If you're sick, then so am I."
"Alright." He removes her palm from his mouth, "Long talk. Let's figure this out. I know I never want to lose your respect Paige."
"Never ever. No matter what." She points with sincerity.
"Your diary. Let's clarify something... Donnie. Was Donnie modelled after me or not?"
"Yes and no. I fantasized about you alot daddy. I never imagined my fantasies might come true. Donnie is you but he's also what I hoped to meet someday if I ever got over my shyness."
"So, you want a boyfriend."
"I've never even been on a date daddy. Nobody asked me to Prom. Guys look at me like I'm a frumpy introvert with big glasses. I mean I wear contacts at home sometimes, but I prefer my glasses. The fact I'm really smart doesn't attract guys much either. Straight A's is good and all, but guys don't care about that. I envy all the girls in school. Heck, I barely have any friends."
"Why is that?"
"Because you're my best friend daddy. I like spending time with you. Taking care of you. Other girls want to chase boys. I'm too shy to do that."
"After yesterday I don't believe that for a second."
"I told you I know my uncles. Having been raised around your friends I know how to communicate with them."
"You don't want to chase boys your age?"
"I don't know. I know I want to be with you. But I also know you won't let this happen forever. I guess I just need to figure out how to chase boys. My only experience is with older men."
"You were certainly into kissing ole' Greg." He puffs his cheeks dramatically.
"Uncle Greg is a good kisser. I winged it but I guess I did it perfectly. Maybe it's because I practiced kissing a peach once. Greg seemed to like my kisses."
"All of them did."
"Daddy? Do you think they fantasized about me before last night?"
"I wouldn't go that far. I think what got them worked up was just you coming out of your shell." He knew differently, for as long as he could remember his buddies looked at her with lust, they just didn't act on it out of respect for Lonnie and Paige both. Now that she was an adult, they could speak their minds all they wanted. After last night, they would probably try harder for more. Lonnie had to decide if he should let them or not. Paige sitting here saying how much she liked it all, including their incest the thrill of it excited him as much as it felt wrong. Lonnie was weak, his own dating life was put on hold because of raising Paige. Their being inseparable all these years his own fantasies continued. Now he had her. But yes, she was right, he couldn't keep her as a lover forever. She did need social skills, to meet guys and see what else was out there. The question was, what could he do to help her achieve that?
"The fact I was seventeen the night before? I've heard guys like barely legal girls."
"That is probably true. The point is you weren't seventeen. You were eighteen."
"I would have done what you asked at fifteen daddy. Was that why you wanted me? Because I'm barely legal?"
"Partially. Sweetheart you might not see it in yourself, but you are drop dead gorgeous. Just awkward until you know better."
"So you liked me before I was eighteen?"
"Not even going to discuss your younger days, Paige. I'm no pedophile." He snaps pointing a stern finger toward her.
"I know. I'm just curious is all. Was it wrong of me to fantasize about you over the last few years?"
"I-I-I don't even know how to answer that. Kids have crushes I suppose. Yours just seems to be hanging in there."
"I do have a crush on you, daddy. I want to be with you more. Lots more."
"We'll see. Let's take things a step at a time, okay?"
"Does that mean we can't still be naked at home like you wanted to?"
"I guess that's okay but let's try not to get too comfortable having sex with one another. Maybe you should try and learn to chase boys."
"Will you show me how?"
"I can give you tips."
"I like your tip." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"Don't start." He points threateningly then chuckles.
"Daddy? What if my uncles want to be with me again?"
"I think I'll put a stop to that." He notes her fidgeting, "Are you hoping they do?"
Nibbling her lip, she shyly looks him in the eye, "They were a lot of fun. Yes!"
"You liked fucking them? Even Greg's freaking donkey dick?"
Her eyes flare as she tries not to smile too vibrantly, "They were my first sex partners. Even if Mike and Andy didn't do much. They let me do it all."
"Perfect fucking gentlemen." Lonnie rolls his eyes.
"You were the one who wanted me to be with them."
"Only to tease at first, but yeah, guilty as charged. I wanted to see you in action."
"Did you really like watching me daddy?"
"Crazy as it sounds, I think I get off seeing the reaction of others to you."
"Like the guy at the fur store?"
"Yeah, even him. He couldn't keep his eyes off of you. Shit! I owe him pictures of you."
"Did you think I would pull my G-string down and flash both of you? I don't know what made me do it but it was fun."
"See? You chased him even though he wasn't a boy your age."
"You were there to protect me. If you do that, I know I can get braver."
"Huh! I guess I did say next weekend we could show off those furs. Even though it's hot out still."
"Do you want to let other men see me naked? I mean guys that you don't know like my uncles."
"Like I said I love the reaction to you. The more reactions you get to see yourself, the more your shyness will fade away."
"That might take a while. Daddy? I want you to be Donnie. Page for Paige remember?"
"That means we keep having sex. I'm not sure..."
She unwraps her towel and sits her juice glass on the coffee table.
"What are you doing?"
"Getting comfy. You said we can run around the house naked."
"Right. Yeah, that's fine."
She looks at her lap fidgeting then notices something, "I forgot to shave my pussy."
"Nothing there." He chuckles then leans closer to inspect, "Okay stubble."
"I'll go shave really fast."
"Hold up. I've never seen you with pubic hair. Let it grow a week or two."
"It grows really fast. It will be all fuzzy in a week."
"Red as your hair?"
"Of course."
"Hmmm! That might be pretty damned sexy. Yeah, let it grow out. I'll trim it how I like it."
"That means you still want me to be desirable."
"For the boys."
"For my uncles?"
"I think I've created a monster."
"Is it bad of me to have liked them touching me?"
"Guess not. Let's just try the show and not the sex okay?"
"Okay daddy. What are we doing today? Mondays are so boring. I'm glad we both played hooky today. I needed a break from school. You put in overtime Saturday so you could take today off but you need a break too."
He stands up and stretches. She could tell he had a hard on easily. Blushing slightly, she points at it. He glances down at his cargo pants and growls. Shaking his head he steps away, "I'm going to take a shower." Leaving her alone for a few minutes to drink her juice she starts to turn the TV on. Aiming without function she hears, "Are you coming?"
She dropped the remote and her empty glass on the floor and ran to his bathroom. They showered together and he fucked her against the tile. Held up against the wall for the very first time she loved it. Sadly, so did Lonnie. Both of them knew that keeping things civil would be a challenge. The rest of the day they just lounged around and had sex three more times. Their day off went by far too fast.
Come morning Lon dropped her off at school rather than she catch the bus and he went on back to work at the distillery. The next four days was much of the same besides more sex. He slowed it down by choice but made it very clear it was not over. She was fine by that, with homework and all. The week went by fairly quiet. She didn't beg. Paige just did the housecleaning and the dishes. Once Friday evening came Lonnie suddenly didn't feel like cooking.
"Feel like pizza?" He asks as she strolls into the kitchen from her bedroom. She had just showered and put on her favorite perfume. Still nude like he was, her hair perfect and flowing over her milky shoulders she agreed that a pepperoni pizza sounded good.
"Extra cheese please."
"You got it." Lonnie dials their frequented pizza joint and orders a delivery. Pizza, breadsticks, and a cookie each. Sitting around at 6:00 they watched the evening news. Then something dawned on Paige.
"Daddy? Should one of us get dressed before they bring the pizza?"
"Oh, yeah. I'll get dressed. You just sit tight." He starts to get up when he notices something. Bending over he runs a finger over her pubes. "How did I not notice the fire between your legs?"
"You told me to let it grow out. See, I told you it grows fast."
"Peach fuzz. Gives you some color down there."
"Besides my lily-white body, pink pussy, and nipples?"
"Right. Be back in a bit." He leaves her watching the weather. When he returns, he's wearing a T-shirt and jeans. Sitting down another twelve minutes they hear a car door. Looking out their open blinds Paige bulges her eyes.
"Oh my God! That's Brett Chenowyth."
"Go to school with him?"
"Yes. Senior like me. He usually makes fun of me calling me a nerd."
"Take your glasses off."
"What?" She obeys but stares trembling.
"Answer the door. I'll go get my wallet."
"Daddy?????? Don't leave me."
"I'll just be in my room getting my wallet."
"But I'm still naked."
"Yes, you are. Nerd." He sticks his tongue out then points at the door as the doorbell rings.
"Please don't make me do this daddy. He will tell the entire school."
"Would anybody believe him knowing how shy you are?" The doorbell rings a second time.
"I hate you." She laughs and goes to the door. With a deep breath she opens the door wide and stands there in all of her milky white succulence. "Hey Brett. I didn't know you delivered pizza." Stunned, the tall well-toned boy with blond hair drops his jaw and very nearly his pizza warmer.
"Paige Turner? No way."
"What?"
"Why are you... hot?" He feels his palm on fire while unpacking the pizza.
"Am I?" She brightens up. He quickly hands her the pizza and other items as she opens the door. She too nearly burns her palms quickly setting the cartons on a table next to the door. Fanning her hands wildly he gets a turbulent show of her bouncy 34B's. Her pink nipples stabbing straight out.
"Crazy!" He couldn't stop staring at her nudity. Lowering his eye contact to the rest of her, he spots her fire red pubes, "Nice." She blushes and bites her lower lip staring at him without blinking. She explored his every thought and took the chance to realize that even the arrogant Brett Chenowyth was getting an erection.
"Oh! I guess you need money. How much again?"
"$15.34."
"Be right back." She pivots on the ball of her foot and gives him a good look at her perfect heart shaped bottom. He nearly headed back to his car without the money then realized he needed it. The boy was blown away. Lonnie met her at the corner of the hallway handing her a twenty-dollar bill.
"Likes what he sees, doesn't he?"
"Oh my God, daddy. He can't stop looking at me. I'm getting really wet."
"Go pay him. Flirt."
"How?"
"Figure it out." He pats her on the ass and sends her on her way. A good thing her red ass had healed up from her birthday spanks. While she was gone Brett had a second to ponder the situation. Snatching out his cellphone he sets up his camera and waits until she returns. The second she shows up he stands away from the door about ten feet, cell hidden behind his pizza carrier.
Opening the storm door, she steps out halfway with the money extended. He acts stunned still and opts for conversation, "Dang Paige! I never imagined you to have such a smokin' hot body. Why did you answer the door like that?"
"I guess you really don't know me."
"I might want to get to know you." He chuckles.
"Really?" She twists her hair around her finger with her free hand, "Oh! Money! Here you go."
He fidgets feigning his own nervousness. Not even thinking about it Paige steps outside letting the screen door shut behind her. As he steps up to collect the money, he fumbles a bit concerning the change.
"You can keep the rest as a tip." She smiles shyly.
Nodding he waits for just the right second to lift his cell up and snap a full body picture of her. Her jaw drops and she turns around to run. He gets a second photo of her backside.
"Stop! You'll show everyone." She cowers at the door noting her dad inside motioning her to stay there a bit longer.
"No, I won't. I promise."
"Yes, you will."
"If you didn't want to be seen why answer the door like that? Fuck Paige, you're sexy as hell."
"You really think so?" She swallows, beet red and faces him again. He greedily snaps another picture.
"Sorry. I couldn't resist."
"Please don't ruin my reputation at school. It's almost graduation."
He rethinks his position. One he could blackmail her. Two he could delete the pics. Three he could ask her out on a date. He chose two out of three.
"Would you want to maybe go out sometime?"
"On a date?"
"Yeah." He chuckles at her naivety, "You don't have to dress up. I kind of like what you're not wearing."
"Not funny! Okay, maybe a little funny." She snorts hiding her mouth with her palm.
"Is that a yes?"
"I need to ask my dad."
"I-Is he here?"
"Yes."
"And you're running around in front of him like that?"
She suddenly didn't know how to respond. Behind her Lonnie opens the screen door sticking his head out, "You can go out with the boy. But you're wearing clothing. What you do at home is one thing young lady. In public is another."
Brett hid his cell quickly to avoid explanation. Paige smiles big, "Okay. But only selfies from here on out."
"Selfies?" Lonnie looked cross.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Turner. I'll delete the pictures." He felt guilty suddenly.
"You took pictures of my baby?"
"Yeah. Stupid I know. Selfish of me."
"Let me see them."
"Seriously?"
Lonnie steps out as Brett fesses up allowing his cell to be looked over. Lonnie looks at the three pictures and puckers. "Good eye Kid. You caught her best sides. I'm going to delete these but I'm going to take a couple new ones with you two together." Instead, he sent them to his phone. There was the older guy from the mall's paid for pics.
Lonnie wipes the pictures out, then steps out further in the yard to poise the boys cell camera, "You two get in close." Brett joins her on the porch step. "Closer. Don't be afraid to put your arm around her." Brett was blown away as he hugs Paige from the side. She turns slightly hiding her pussy with her leg. "Put your hand on his stomach." She lowers her right hand and does so. "Little lower." Hesitantly she hovers her palm where his own pubes should be. A picture taken. Brett was fussing with his erection. She smelled really good.
"Couple more Brett?" Lonnie knew he would say yes.
"S-sure."
"Alright. You stand behind Paige. Drop that silly ass pizza warmer." Brett tosses it into the yard. She giggled at its swift departure. "Put your arms around her." He wraps his arms over her chest but looks uncomfortable being so close to them. Lonnie lowers the cell frowning. "Relax Kid. Squeeze her titties if you want to."
"Wow!" He jumps at the opportunity and palms her breasts. Paige bulges her eyes smiling. Fingers crushing them Lonnie winks. "Bet that feels good, doesn't it Sweetheart?"
"Yes daddy. Oh my God!"
"Like those Brett?"
"Very much Sir."
She tilts her gaze to look back at Brett and softly says, "I can feel your dick against my butt."
He chuckles blushing himself, "Can't help it. This is insane. Your dad is so cool."
"He's the best."
"Honey? Face ole Brett and throw your arms around his neck. Give him a smooch." She lets Brett turn her to complete her mission. Once her arms go around his neck Lonnie adds, "Brett put your hands on her ass and squeeze her cheeks." Both Brett and Paige begin breathing heavily. She loved his hands on her. He enjoyed her Frenching. Lonnie took a couple intimate shots of their kiss at different angles. As they broke their steamy lip lock the two teens stare into one another's eyes. Brett challenges himself to compliment her.
"You kiss really good."
She bit her lip as her eyes glistened. She was ecstatically happy at the moment. Lonnie chuckled under his breath. Seeing his daughter turned on and the boy's reaction to her made him want to push them harder.
"You two look adorable. How are you feeling there Brett? Probably a little worked up right?"
"I'm sorry if that's bad Sir."
"It's natural. You tell me what kind of pics you want?"
"Ummm! I don't want to... you know... make you mad at me."
"What my baby wants I want. I think she likes you."
"Do you?" He looks at Paige.
Nodding feverishly, she nibbles a fingernail. He grins from ear to ear and finally whispers to Paige, "Is this for real?"
"Daddy lets me do whatever I want."
"Anything she wants." Lonnie overhears and speaks up.
"Wow." Brett opens up, "Can I suck on your nipples for a pic?"
"How about video?" Lonnie smirks while Paige offers an open mouth to display her awe of everything her dad was allowing.
"Awesome." He expresses excitement but shock just the same. Lonnie sets it up then points, directing him with the word "Action." Brett had the jitters slightly as he lowers in gravitating his mouth toward her left nipple. Paige could only look down with nerves showing via fluttering fingers at her sides. The tip of his tongue touches her protrusion forcing her to squeal before he even devoured her entire areola. Once he did Paige gasped and shot a dramatic glare at Lonnie. She literally mouthed the words, "OH MY GOD." Lonnie merely offered her a wink. Brett didn't stay long before moving over to sample her right nipple. She repeated her silent "OH MY GOD." while fanning her beet red face. The second Brett ended his tour of duty he stands tall and grins at Paige.
"Never in a million years did I think you were like this Paige. Wow! I-I'm sorry I never noticed you before today. I really missed out."
Stunned by his apologetic tone she shivers and tries to find the right words. In the end she selected, "No Biggy."
"I hate to do this, but I really need to get back to work. Can I call you?"
"Can he call me daddy?" She looked to Lonnie for not just advice but because she was really only doing this because her dad made her. She knew it was mostly meant to break her out of being so shy. That and letting her experience someone her own age. She did however think Brett was cute.
"Come over here Brett." He motions lowering the cell. "Paige? You go inside I'll be in after he and I talk."
"Okay daddy. Bye Brett." She waves awkwardly and skips inside the door closing it. Both men had absorbed her beautiful behind as it wiggled away.
"Bye Paige." Brett watches her disappear before joining Lonnie. Lonnie had retrieved the boy's pizza warmer handing it to him first.
"Alright. Let's get one thing straight. When it comes to my baby, I won't put up with any asshole bullshit some young prick says just to get his way. We both know you wouldn't have given my daughter the time of day if she wasn't strutting her stuff." Brett bulges his eyes at Lonnie's stern attitude. All Brett wanted was his cell to show his luck to his friends. Once he got it back, he intended to flip her dad off and tell him she was a skank.
"Can I have my phone back?"
Lonnie nods handing him his cell with a bitter stare, "You didn't want to date my girl unless she gave up her pussy, did you?"
Brett pockets his cell and walks away flipping Lonnie the bird, "I don't fuck nerds. I fuck goddesses. Thanks for the pics and video Dickhead. I'll be sure to show Paige off to the whole school. Maybe the other guys might want her." Lonnie smirks as Brett gets into his car. Sitting there Brett looks at his cell realizing the pics and video were nowhere to be found. Cursing he glares toward Lonnie calling him a "Fucker." Lonnie stood wagging his own cell phone. He had recorded everything yes but not with Brett's phone. Their cells were very similar. Lonnie flipped him off double barreled. Brett Chenowyth drove off knowing he had no proof. This war wasn't over.
Stepping inside he found Paige pouting by the picture window. She had seen their exchange of flying fingers. "He didn't really like me, did he?"
"Oh, he liked you. He's just used to getting his way. If he gives you any trouble at school, you let me know. I'll deal with that arrogant punk."
"I was having fun. This hurts daddy. I really wanted to go on a date"
"Listen, do not think for a minute he didn't find you beautiful. He wasn't that good of an actor. All he wanted was sex. If I'm going to let you date somebody, he needs to have a good side to go along with the bad."
"What if he shows those pictures to everyone?"
"These pictures and video?" He chuckles, "Switched phones while he was looking you over. He got nothing but something to remind him how sexy you are. It's called a memory. When he sees you in school and says something just call him a liar. You only have less than two months before you graduate. Even if guys do believe him maybe you can get on their good side. Not all will be like Brett."
"I hope your right daddy." She shivers, "I was outside in broad daylight... naked."
"Felt great, didn't it?"
"Yeah, it did. I hope our neighbors across the street didn't see me."
"Dave and Lucinda? Dave would drool all over himself. Lucinda should be at work."
"I want to cry daddy. I really thought Brett liked me."
"He only wanted to embarrass you with those pics. I saw right through his character."
"You trusted that guy at the fur store with my pics."
"He's older than me. All I did was make his day and get you a free pair of boots."
"What do you think he's doing with my pics?"
"Jerking off 24/7 because you're young and beautiful. Trust me that's what he's doing."
"I like the idea that guys do that over me. Do you think my uncles are doing that too?"
"Known them most of my life. They might be feeling strange about it, but I guarantee they do it."
"I like my picture being taken."
"Then we'll take plenty more."
"Together? Or with other guys?"
"You want pics with other guys?"
She shyly blushes, "Yes."
"Touching you like Brett did?"
Again, she blushes nibbling her lip, "Yes daddy."
"If I recall Donnie made you dance naked in a room full of guys."
"That was really erotic." She grins shivering.
"That wasn't just you writing down crazy things in your diary?"
"Yes, but I would do it if you told me to daddy."
"Your uncles could be considered a room full."
"I got so turned on when they spanked me."
He takes her by the hand and sits them down on the sofa. Dragging her over his knee he swats her ass making her squeal, "That turn you on?"
"You turn me on daddy."
"Want your uncles to come back over and paddle your ass again?"
"Would they?" She tilts her gaze hopefully.
"I'm sure." He laughs, "I'll consider it. I'm still a little concerned over encouraging us."
"You made love to me in the shower last week. Even after you talked about keeping things innocent. You want me as badly as I want you daddy. Please don't lie to me."
Growling he spanks her beautiful bottom five times fast forcing her to giggle. Rubbing his handprints on her cheek he sighs, "Nothing like making love to a sweet barely legal daughter."
"Daddy? Can I tell you what I want?"
"Sure."
"I want you to show me everything. I adore you, Daddy. I swear I will do anything you want me to do."
"Alright."
"Promise me you won't change your mind?"
"About what?"
"About making love to me any time you want."
"I can do that. I promise when I'm horny I'll let you know. Not everything is love making though. Sometimes it's just primal sex."
"What is that?"
"Remember when Greg fucked you really hard in the hot tub?"
Her eyes brighten up, "When he pulled my hair? How he treated me when they spanked me here on the couch? Choked me a little? Pressed my face into Uncle Andy's lap?"
"Yep."
"I liked all of that."
"We can do that too."
She sits up beside him hugging his arm, "I love you daddy. Not just as your daughter. I love you."
"Slow down now. This is not going to be just you and I. You need to experience life and your body."
"Like letting Brett touch me? Suck on my nipples?"
"Yep."
"My uncles?"
"We'll see."
"Other guys?"
"I want you to give me an honest answer Paige." He holds her chin to commit her gaze, "Do you want other men to touch you?"
"Yes."
"Do you want other men to fuck you?"
"Yes."
"Do you want me to watch you fuck strange men?"
"Yes. I don't think I could do anyone without you there."
"Fair enough. Tomorrow is Saturday and I'm off work. Let's take a drive tomorrow and see what kind of trouble we can get into."
"Can I wear my bikini and furs?"
"Might be too hot for furs. You can wear the bikini, but we need to be careful you burn easily."
"I know." She pouts, "You can lotion me up."
"Or other guys can lotion you up." He winks.
"Oh my God, daddy. How many guys?"
"Three?"
"Okay."
"Four?"
She nods, "Okay."
"Five?"
"Oh my God!" She bounces in her seat giddily, "I might faint."
"Six?"
"You want to let six men oil me up?"
"Seven?"
"DADDDDYYYY!" She squirms.
"Ten?"
"What if they touch me everywhere?"
"Like those uncles did?"
"Yes."
"Do you want to let all those guys touch you everywhere? Every hole?"
"As long as they don't hurt me."
"If they ask me to let them fuck you?"
"You said you liked seeing that. If you want me to fuck some of them, I will. As long as you're there."
"I think we should explore other things too."
"Like what?"
"Let's put a profile of you on Tender and see just how many guys find you attractive."
"That might be a lot." She giggles.
"Interested in knowing?"
"Yes."
"Innocent pictures at first. Let's see genuine reaction before taking it further."
"Sounds fun daddy. I might need new clothes again." She giggles hopeful of another shopping spree.
"I guess you probably do need some real clothes."
"Just not those frilly flower dresses mom makes me wear."
"Any thoughts on what you want to wear?"
"I'll know it when I see it."
"Fuck it. Get dressed let's go blow more of that college fund. Along with my retirement." Stores would be open a few more hours.
"I'm worth it." She kisses him on the cheek. He grabs her before she could escape and plants a feverish kiss to her lips. She moaned into his mouth. Feeling his fingers roam her leg she found his journey ending at her peach fuzz. Lips separating at a tug to her lower lip he adds, "Another week I trim that fire to look all sexy."
"So, I can show it off to guys?"
"Absolutely."
Getting dressed would wait for an hour. Lonnie decided eating her pussy on the sofa was more important. She had a very intimate orgasm that led to him crawling upward to kiss her again. It was then he offered a welcomed whisper to her ear. Lonnie spoke volume.
"Daddy loves you."
She knew it when he dove back down and kissed her clit.
Who needed new clothes anyway? There was always tomorrow.
Yeah, he carried her to bed.
After they ate pizza.