It's just been way too long. For months now I've been constantly thinking about sucking another cock and even considering getting my ass fucked. But before I get into that...
Let me be clear, I am married and I love my sexy, chubby, beautiful wife. She has the most beautiful big tits you've ever seen. She has long dark black hair with a tinge of auburn when the sun shines through it. Her eyes are shiny, bright, Come-Fuck-Me ice blue eyes! Blue eyes and dark hair is a sexy, sensual combination! I have overheard many men utter something similar to this "MAN! I'd give anything to fuck her just one time!". She is honestly THAT sexy! I wish I could post pictures of her here so you could see for yourself! (Besides, I do love showing her off.)
My problem is that at my age, 65+, I can no longer achieve erection, and even if I could, my dicklette is less than 3 inches when totally erect. I have never satisfied a woman through penetration in my entire life.
Elaine is in her early 50's and constantly horny! I eat her big pussy all the time because it's about all I can do for her these days. I can sometimes manage to ejaculate, and when I can, although it doesn't get hard, I try to cum on, or in her pussy so I can lick and suck her clean. I LOVE the taste and feel of cum! I love kissing her so she can taste her pussy at the same time I'm tasting delicious hot cum! She used to get really wet telling about how she and her sister used to make love with each other... especially after one of them came home from a hot date.
I swear, sometimes I can taste somebody else's cum in her. I hope so! Hell, I KNOW so!
She desperately NEEDS a few big cocks periodically. She's told me that often enough while she's humiliating me about the inadequacies of my dick. When we first met she always bragged about how many and how big all her lovers were. I almost know that my wife is fucking around, and for her sake I hope she is! She deserves to be pleasured well!
Even-so, it's OK that I don't know for sure because she doesn't know about how much I love sucking cock! We all need our own little secrets.
When I was married to Denise, (before Elaine), she taught me how to properly suck a cock and she encouraged me do it at every opportunity. Denise fucked a ton of guys when we were married and always encouraged me to eat their cum from her pussy and ass. Thanks to Denise I gained quite a love for sucking cock and eating cum. That desire has never left me; it has only grown stronger.
Today is the day that my need to feel a cock in my mouth had to finally be satisfied! I have become so horny for cock that I am ready to take stupid risks to make it happen today!
Elaine had already left for work when I woke up dreaming of sucking a fat cock that had just finished fucking my wife! I was trying to get all the cum off of it as her young lover slapped his hard cock across my cheeks... BAAM! I was suddenly awake and wanting to fulfill that fleeting dream!
I will try to describe the days events for you now...
Not only was I lusting for the feeling of a hot cock in my mouth; I also wanted to be seen, or caught with a cock in my mouth. It's one thing to be a cocksucker; it's a whole new level of excitement for other people to know I am a cocksucker... to watch me sucking another man's cock.
That was the kind of excitement I was looking for today: gay, exhibitionist, public, sex!
As I was dressing I wanted to wear something that would be eye catching and maybe a bit perverted. I really don't own any sexy clothes so I looked in my wife's underwear drawer. I found a black thong that was not exactly lacy, but it stretched tightly enough that it was almost see-through. I tried it on and although it was too small, I could squeeze into it. I could imagine that it was a man's French Speedo and therefore not "illegal" on the Florida beeches. I put them on under my white bike shorts. The black panties showed nicely through the thin fabric of the white bike shorts! Although my dick is tiny, my balls are big and made a nice bulge in the stretchy fabric. I topped it off with a short nylon T-shirt and water shoes. I looked like a total gay man today! PERFECT! I didn't want anybody to doubt what I was looking for today!
It was sunny and about 85 degrees in South Florida this morning. The perfect weather for some outdoor sexual exhibitionism!
I jumped in my truck and drove North from Bradenton on I-275 North toward St. Petersburg. Spanning Tampa Bay is the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, a beautiful suspension bridge. There are public parks on the South and North ends of the bridge.
At the North Skyway Park you can drive on the beach right out to the water of Tampa Bay. This was my destination. This is a great gay cruising spot where I have almost always had good luck finding a man who is looking for a free blowjob.
As I drove onto the beach I saw another pick-up truck backed up to the edge of the water with the tailgate down. I was afraid it was people fishing and all my efforts may be in vain. Nonetheless I backed my truck up right next to this truck.
I couldn't see anybody around that truck, so I walked around to the back of my truck and lowered the tailgate so I could sit on my tailgate and see what was going on at the beach today.
I looked over at the other truck and saw that someone was laying on the tailgate sunbathing. From my position I couldnt tell if it was male or female, but they paid no attention to me at all.
I decided to take a short stroll on the beach and get a better look at my sunbathing neighbor. I took off my shirt and pulled my bike shorts as tight as I could get them, to show through as much of my wife's black panties as possible. I even went so far as to pull my "package" out of the thong panties, making it visible through the thin white spandex bike shorts.
As I strolled past the truck I could immediately see that this was a young man. He was laying on his back wearing nothing but a Body Glove speedo bikini bottom. It was not even a men's bathing suit, it was a bright yellow women's high leg, low front bikini bottom!
He was very young. Maybe in his early 20's. His body was very toned and slim. Not skinny and not muscular... like a swimmers body. Actually, a lot like a young lady's body. He looked very feminine. He was very tanned. His body shone with oils and perspiration. He looked absolutely perfect! He was obviously there to be seen!
I suppose he heard me walk by because he raised one arm and shielded his eyes from the sun with his hand as his head turned in my direction. He saw me and his other hand reached for his crotch as he rearranged his 'package'. I could have assumed that was unintentional, but just to test the waters, I rubbed my own little package in a very intentional way as I stopped walking and faced him directly.
Much to my delight he lowered the other hand to his crotch and slid it under the tiny thong. He reached below his cock and grabbed his balls and lifted them high. They looked like two big yellow eggs seated at the top of his legs.
I walked toward him as if in a trance. As I got closer I could see that there was no hair on his body from his neck down. His face was also clean shaven. His face was very pretty and quite feminine. His hair was shoulder length, brown and slightly curly. He looked like a woman, a good looking woman, but with no female breasts and an impressive bikini bulge.
I walked up to the tailgate until I felt it bump just below my hips. The shadow of my body now shielded his face from the sun. He looked up at me, smiled and then closed his eyes.
I touched his hair with one hand and he rolled his head into my hand. I took this as an obvious sign to continue. I lowered my other hand onto those big beautiful yellow eggs. OMG they felt so good in my hand!
I was afraid he might pull away from me but instead my new friend hooked both thumbs into the top of his thong and slowly pulled them down until the head of his cock was released and visible.
He wasn't hard yet but I knew it wouldn't be long until he was. I LOVE feeling a soft cock growing in my mouth! I took a quick look around and saw no one else in the immediate area. It was now or never!
without either one of us speaking a word, I lowered my head to his crotch and with one hand I released his big balls from the bikini, and lifted the head of his cock toward my mouth with my other hand. My mouth was watering and my heart was beating faster and faster! I covered his entire cock with my mouth as I massaged his balls.
I'm glad I got him in my mouth as quickly as I did because his limp little dick started growing in my mouth rapidly! I always feel so powerful as I feel a dick hardening and growing inside my mouth. He just kept getting bigger and bigger! In a matter of a few seconds I was sucking a rock hard 7 inch cock!
I suddenly realized that after all these months, I finally have real cock in my mouth again! OMG! My heart was beating so fast! I have missed this so much. I was born for this!
As I was bobbing my head up and down on his thick shaft, I realized that I had better check my surroundings again. I saw no one so I continued sucking on my beautiful prize!
I was alternating between deep throating him and pulling off of him and licking him from balls to bellybutton. I was rubbing his hard wet cock across my face when I heard a woman's voice saying "OMG! Baby, look at that!" Then her voice trailed off to a whisper.
I looked up and saw a middle aged couple watching me sucking this beautiful cock! I think I froze in place. Then I heard the middle aged man yell "FAGGOTS!". For a moment I was terrified about what might happen next, but with one hand I held tightly to my lovers cock. He never got soft or pulled away. He covered my hand with his and encouraged me to begin stroking his cock. He was enjoying being watched! Then it dawned on me. That's why he was here spread out nearly naked on a public beach! He wanted to be seen! We had a lot in common!
This all took about a split second. Then I heard the woman say "Honey! You should be ashamed of yourself! Leave these two lovebirds alone. They're not hurting anyone. Besides sex between two consenting adults is a beautiful thing! Don't you think this is sexy?"
Without any more hesitation, I continued sucking the beautiful cock of my pretty young friend. I even exaggerated the upstrokes so they could see more and more of his big cock as it glided in and out of my mouth!
My lover reached behind me and started rubbing my ass. He was getting into putting on a show for them, just like I was.
I pulled off his cock and kissed him very passionately. He returned my kiss as he continued to massage my ass more vigorously.
Then he grabbed my head with both hands and pushed my mouth deep onto his cock. His hips thrust up to meet my sucking strokes.
I was now giving all my attention to administering the best cocksucking blowjob possible! I was really getting off on being watched!
About that time I heard my lover speak for the first time. He was addressing the lady when he said, "Your husband's dick looks harder than mine! Does he want a blowjob too?" To my surprise when his voice sounded totally female!
She said to her husband, "HONEY! OMG! Is this turning you on? Nevermind. Obviously it is! Are you going to accept the pretty young man's invitation?"
I looked over my shoulder and asked him "Do you want one when I finish with him?"
He watched us speechless for a moment. His cock was tenting in his shorts. His wife reached down and rubbed her hand across his erection. He looked at his wife and said "Let's go!"
As they walked off I saw her snuggling up to him and rubbing his ass lovingly, and looking back over shoulder at us.
I went back to my prize. As soon as he entered my mouth again he started bucking wildly and holding my head tightly, skull-fucking me and jabbing his cock deep into my throat, his cock was harder than ever!
In no time his cock swelled and I felt the cum surging through his cock upward toward my mouth! He started cumming in spurt after giant spurt! My throat was full. My mouth was full! It was beginning to dribble onto my beard. He was screaming "I'M CUMMING!!! YES! YES! YESSSS!" Anybody within a hundred yards could have heard him!
My young lover raised up into a seated positon on the tailgate and pulled me to him. His legs and arms wrapped around me and we engaed is a hot beautiful snowball kiss! It was like we were fighting to see who could swallow the most cum without wasting a drop!
"He looked me in the eyes and said "Next time, I'll cum in your sexy, tight ass!"
I didnt look to see if the couple had turned to watch, but there is no way they didn't hear him screaming!
This whole event was such a turn-on! What a beautiful day on the beach.
I got his phone number and learned that he often works nights as a female impersonator at some of the gay nightclubs in Tampa and Saint Petersburg. He says he can be called Gay, Crossdresser, Drag Queen, whatever. He says that he is really into older men, like me, because he thinks the May/December romance is such a turn-on. He loves being "dressed" and hanging on the arm of a more mature man. Then he said, "Besides, older men are more appreciative and a LOT kinkier and sexually open than young egotistical "Studs".
I can certainly attest to that!
Looks like I'm going to have to slip out one night soon and catch a show in Tampa. I hope it's as good as the show I caught on the beach at the Sunshine Skyway Park!