It was another sunny afternoon in Los Santos and Amanda had just finished a brisk session of tennis with her instructor. Michael was out doing God knows what so she had the house to herself. She decided that she needed to "relax" after all the exercise so she led her instructor up to her bedroom.
Once upstairs they both stripped off, with Amanda getting completely naked and her instructor choosing to continue wearing his socks and briefs which were leopard print for some reason. She was just about to make a move on him when she suddenly heard Michael's voice coming from downstairs.
"AMANDA"
His voice was getting closer, thinking quickly she wrapped a towel around herself and left the room closing the door behind her. Her husband was almost there.
"You better not be, not in my house."
"Fuck you Michael, go away" she squealed.
Her words having little effect Michael pushes past her and into the room. Her now very scared tennis instructor tried to plead with Michael before giving up and running for it crashing right through the glass door to the balcony and half jumping half falling over the ledge to get away. Wasting no time Michael ran downstairs with Amanda trailing behind him. As they came to the front door an unknown man (one of Michael's friends Amanda supposed) was walking in and asked what was going on.
"She fucked a prick in my bed" snapped Michael angrily.
"It wasn't like that" Amanda pleaded but her husband was not going to listen.
"Just don't kill him" she yelled as the two men drove after her instructor.
She would soon learn that was the least of her problems however as the door to their house had now closed behind her. As she went to go back inside the door wouldn't budge, she tried a few more times with no luck. She was now trapped outside in nothing but a towel.
"Great" she said sarcastically.
She would've just knocked and had her maid Eva let her in but she had sent her home for the day when her tennis instructor had arrived. Deciding to try the back doors Amanda crept round the garage to the backyard. Despite having a towel to wear and the high hedges that went around most of the house (which gave her some cover from the street) Amanda couldn't help but be embarrassed and despite the situation she also felt oddly aroused. Reaching the back doors she found that they too were locked,
"crap" she sighed.
Trying the windows yielded no better results making it clear to Amanda that she wouldn't get inside from the ground floor. By now Amanda was starting to get a more than a little nervous (and aroused).
Trying to catch her breath and think she sat by the pool dipping her feet in enjoying the feeling of the water. After a few moments the thought came to her, the glass door her tennis instructor had crashed through trying to escape from Michael, if she could climb up to the balcony she could reach the safety of her bedroom.
Knowing what she needed to do Amanda made her way to the other side of the house, from there she climbed up the trellis and onto the small roof that covered part of the driveway.
"So far so good" she thought to herself.
The next part would be more difficult however as she now had to shimmy along a thin ledge and navigate around a small balcony with yet another locked window. Determined to get inside she stepped onto the ledge, her feet were still wet from the pool earlier which made it hard to get a foothold. Thankfully she reached the small balcony safely and was able to grab the railing to steady herself.
After a few moments she worked her way around the railing and kept going. Now only a few feet from her bedroom she let go and started to shimmy again, still having trouble keeping her balance. She was almost there when her wet feet suddenly gave way and caused her to fall into the flower bed below.
Amanda was grateful she wasn't hurt but couldn't help feeling that something was wrong. When she saw herself she knew exactly what it was, her towel hadn't followed her down and was caught on the ledge. Letting out a small squeak she instinctively covered, bringing her legs into her chest and wrapping her arms around them, huddling completely naked in her garden.
Despite losing her towel she was still protected by the high hedges around her house and Amanda's initial panic soon subsided. To her surprise she found that being naked outside wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. Enjoying the feeling of the soft grass on her bare butt and the sun warming every inch of her skin she leaned back on one elbow and ran her hand gently over the grass then her body.
Although she found the feeling pleasant and even arousing she knew she couldn't stay where she was. Getting to her feet she crossed an arm over her breasts and covered her crotch with her left hand, realising that her feet weren't the only part of her body that was wet. Deciding to return to her backyard Amanda slinked over the grass savouring the sensation of the soft ground caressing her feet. She moved slower than she maybe should have but she figured it wouldn't make much difference and was keen to prolong the feeling if only for a few more seconds. The brunette unconsciously fondled her breasts and let out a soft "uh" sound.
Taking a seat on one of the sunbeds by the pool Amanda looked up at the small roof she'd climbed onto moments before and saw that the bathroom window was open. She cursed herself for not seeing it sooner but she was too preoccupied with getting to the balcony to even notice. She got up and took a couple of steps before pausing, Amanda grinned to herself as a naughty thought entered her head.
"A quick swim won't hurt, it's a hot day after all"
Amanda sauntered over to her swimming pool, swaying her hips and gently stroking her tummy with her fingertips. Dipping her toes in the water she let her imagination run wild.
"This is crazy" she thought.
Her friends, husband and even her own kids used this pool. Now here she was, naked as the day she was born, going to share the same water they did. Amanda wondered what it would be like if they were there, what would they say? would they tease her? Her mind was racing, each thought exciting her more than the last.
The water felt perfect as she moved deeper into the pool. The refreshing coolness heightened Amanda's senses even more and welcomed her in an almost loving embrace. Rising gently up her smooth legs and hugging her lower half, softly kissing all of the intimate areas that only water could reach. Eventually coming up to her breasts, the cool water stiffened her already hard nipples.
"God this feels amazing, I have to do this more often" she thought to herself.
Now at the deep end Amanda pushed her feet off the bottom and floated on her back. She now felt completely weightless, every muscle and nerve in her body was totally at ease except for the space between her legs which seemed to be pulsing with a growing hunger. Everything was perfect, the water was just the right temperature, the sun was shining but not too brightly. Amanda hadn't a care in the world at that moment, nothing but her mind and her body. Her arousal was building steadily by the second.
"I could stay like this forever" thought Amanda.
Even though she was no longer as nervous as she used to be and was loving the water she figured she shouldn't push her luck. Gliding over to the edge of the pool she stepped out, with the water dripping off her bare body as she looked back for a few seconds and made a mental note to definitely do this again.
Allowing herself a small smile she made her way to the trellis and started to climb up to the bathroom window. She'd done it, she was finally inside. While she was relieved to be in relative safety she was also a little disappointed that her adventure was over. With a sigh she reached for a towel to dry herself off.
Even rubbing the soft fabric gently over her body was making her aroused, as she was finishing drying off Amanda caught herself in the mirror. Despite having two kids she still looked great. Dropping the towel and running her fingers through her long brown hair she turned sideways to admire her ample breasts, soft tummy and perfectly curved hips. Then turning her back to the mirror she admired her toned ass giving it a soft squeeze. Looking herself over for several minutes she made eye contact with her reflection and another naughty idea entered her head.
"It doesn't have to be over just yet" she smiled.
This was her own home after all, she could be naked if she wanted.
Amanda left the towel and stepped out of the bathroom, swaying her hips and moving slowly like before. Feeling the cool tile on her bare feet she ran her hand along the wall and soon rounded the corner to Tracy's room. Without pausing she walked right in and started going through her daughter's belongings. Exploring Tracey's closet and looking through her clothes, admiring some pictures she had of the two of them. She'd always been proud of Tracey and Amanda was genuinely happy for a brief moment.
"You'll always be my little girl" she said out loud and smiled warmly before putting the picture back.
It seemed odd to be doing this naked but Amanda didn't really care in that moment. Moving around the room she spotted a magazine and picked it up. It had all the latest celebrity gossip, not something that usually interested Amanda but she laid down on Tracey's bed for a moment and had a look through the magazine anyway. After a while the thought struck her again of how odd it was for her to be lying on her daughter's bed completely naked. Giggling to herself she put the magazine down and got up to head downstairs.
Amanda hadn't realised how aroused she was and found herself actually dripping on the stairs.
"I'll clean it up later" she thought.
Intoxicated by the feeling of being naked she wanted to prolong it as much as she could. Almost skipping with excitement Amanda went into her living room. She ran her fingertips along the back of the leather couch, sizing it up before deciding to give herself to it completely.
Like the pool earlier, the cool soft leather embraced her her vulnerable body and cushioned her. Laying across the couch lengthwise Amanda stretched out fully, savouring every sensation of pleasure she felt right then. She was practically giddy by this point and couldn't be still. She decided she'd make some lunch, she'd always wanted to cook naked but never had both the nerve and opportunity. Now was as good a time as any and Amanda bounded over to the kitchen. As she opened the fridge and the cool air hit her she felt a strong tingle all over her body but most especially between her legs.
"Mmm" she moaned.
Forgetting completely about getting the food she just stood there with her eyes closed, wanting only to feel the cool air on her bare body. She was drunk on the waves of pleasure she was currently experiencing and nothing else mattered right then, the tingling grew stronger and stronger throughout her body.
Amanda's breathing became slightly quicker and her heart began to race
"This... this is sooooo good" she thought as she bit her lip.
Her toes started to curl when she heard the front door closing, she opened her eyes. For a moment Amanda thought she'd imagined it but a familiar voice made her eyes go wide as saucers and her whole body froze.
"Mom I got a flat tire, can you get dad to take care of it?"
It was her daughter Tracey. Amanda had been naked in her room only a few moments ago and was now likely to be caught standing bare ass naked in their kitchen with no cover whatsoever. She didn't know why but for some reason the exposure and helplessness she felt turned her on, A LOT. She was terrified but her arousal had already taken hold of her and wouldn't let go.
"Mom?" Tracey said again.
"I'll talk to him honey" Amanda barely managed to gasp.
She heard Tracey's footsteps getting closer, her fear and arousal grew.
"Please don't come in here, please don't come in here" she begged silently as her whole body trembled. Thankfully Tracey ran up the stairs but it was a very close call.
Just as Amanda started to feel relief however she experienced a strong pull in her lower stomach, her legs went slightly weak and she began to feel dizzy. Putting one hand on the counter top to steady herself her heart rate and breathing became faster, it was like her entire body was throbbing. An even stronger and sharper pull brought her to her knees. The throbbing sensation intensified as she fell forward onto all fours, on her hands and knees she thought for a moment that an earthquake had had struck as the whole room seemed to be shaking. Then without warning her body seized up and after a few seconds exploded in ecstasy. Dopamine filled her brain as memories of the days events caught up with her.
She thought about the soft grass beneath her feet, how good the water felt skinny dipping in the pool, being naked in her daughter's room and almost getting caught by her. Amanda could only try and gasp for breath as wave after wave of pleasure ripped right through her. Her arms and legs gave way beneath her and she collapsed onto her side squeaking and shuddering in a pool of her own sweat and lady honey.
Before long the young mother eventually contracted into the fetal position as the orgasms died down. After a few minutes she caught her breath and sat up slowly, still a little off balance.
"Fuck' she sighed loudly,
Amanda raised a hand to the side of her head trying to collect her thoughts.
"Ok, i gotta... i gotta take a shower. yeah, shower then clean this up"
She couldn't believe what had just happened and was still struggling to think clearly. She was 36 and had been "active" since she was 18 but she'd never came this hard or experienced this level of pleasure before. She had no idea how to handle it, all she knew was she wanted more and would do anything to get it. For now though she went to shower and get dressed, her mind lost in her new world of possibility.
This had turned out to be a great day for Amanda, she hadn't been this happy or stress free for a long time. As if her "release" earlier wasn't enough things seemed to be better with her family and overall.
After Michael had calmed down and came home they had a long talk and apologised for the mistakes they both made, going out for a nice dinner and making up. Even Tracey seemed to be in a good mood which was unusual, she'd done all the laundry and dishes while they were out. Now the three of them were lounging around in the living room curled up together with Tracey in the middle just like old times, watching yet another episode of reality TV. Amanda was finally happy, she felt like she'd found what was missing in her life and she now knew how to access it.
Tracey went to bed so Michael and Amanda curled up together.
"You ok?" He asked.
"yeah, I'm great" she said, holding her husband and smiling to herself one final time that day.