This is the account of our adventures on vacation two years ago. It is about realizing my silent dreams, wishes and desires that would not have been possible without the guidance of John, my sweet, inspiring and caring husband. Corona didn't exist yet and life was easy and not so complex with fear...
*****
Two years ago when preparing for our holidays, John remembered my fantasy of having a ride naked with no clothes or coverage in the car except for a pair of shoes.
I blushed when he told me it went time to fore fill this fantasy, but he was so generous to leave me the choice to pick the day. That is, he left me time till the day of departure to choose it or have a dice to decide counting from our day of arrival as day one.
I said: 'Come on, John! Is that really necessary? It was just a fantasy! But at the same time, I felt this hot ticklish desire begin to creep into my gut ...
John rejected my protest by saying he expected my answer in time unless I wanted to follow the 'dice' decision, which could point out day one...
The day of departure was already near so I had to make up my mind. I didn't want to delay, having it ahead of me all the time but the day of arrival was not what I chose for, knowing we would both be tired and I wanted to have my ride early in the morning. It would give me the chance to get in the car unseen; the return didn't matter that much.
So, I made up my mind and told John I chose the second day to make the trip in the early morning and he agreed.
After we agreed on that, John went into town and bought us a set of loose fabric covers for our car. He installed the kit on the two front seats with a towel between them on my side. This was because we have vinyl upholstery that would get way too hot to sit on naked after it had been heated by the sun, even if only briefly. Plus, for the same reason, John asked me to make a fabric cover to cover the seat belt buckle on my side, which I made from padded fabric in the same matching color.
As always, we had a wonderful journey going on holiday, we enjoyed the countryside, the weather and the thought of days remaining ahead of us. When we arrived at our holiday home, the owner was very friendly and we got settled after he left.
It was still early in the afternoon, and there was time left to go for a trip, so I suggested to John that he go out and have a ride to do some reconnaissance and see where to go on our morning tour. It would make me feel more at ease and at the same time we could see where we could do some shopping for groceries, butter and so on.
John thought it would be a good idea too, so we left after looking at the map to know roughly where to go. The weather was beautiful and we enjoyed our trip, we followed beautiful and quiet country roads in a triangle through two villages before returning home.
On our way back, we found a grocery store in the second village some 5 miles from our holiday home; we stopped and decided to have a look at what they had.
Although the store wasn't that big, they had a lot of things and they spoke English which was quite convenient to us. Bread to order could be picked up from 07:00, so we decided to order a baguette for the next day as we both love fresh bread.
We got home and we had a lovely dinner and a few glasses of wine in a restaurant nearby at walking distance. John remembered we would get up early for my trip the next day, and I still had to prepare, so we went home.
As usual when I know I'm going to be naked in public, I prepare my looks by going to the hairdresser a few days before. And, the day before,or even the day itself, John always helps me having a clean shave of my armpits and pussy, leaving my triangular dot of pubic hair that he trims about half an inch above my clitoris so that my pussy is well exposed, but looking even more naked, as he always says. When he was ready I washed and dried my hair, did my nails, and we went to bed.
John allowed me to give him a blowjob which I gladly did, swallowing his cum until the last drop when he came, but I myself was denied to have sex because he wanted me to stay 'hot as hell' and to earn my orgasm the next morning.
I kissed him good night, knowing he always likes it when he smells cum in my breath and went to sleep dreaming of my adventure to come..
In the early morning the alarm went off and we took a shower. I carefully did my make up, put on a waistcoat around my shoulders and made us coffee. During coffee I felt so wet that I had to sit on a towel to prevent from staining the cushion. I was happy with the loose fabric covers that John had installed over the front seats; it was so thoughtful of him!
I felt a little anxious, excited and nervous knowing what was going to happen, and as I felt I didn't want to withdraw from the execution of our well prepared adventure it was best to let it all come over me ...
John drank up his coffee and when he said it was time to leave I finished mine, took off the waistcoat and slipped into my open shoes. I felt a shiver going down my spine when John opened the door for me, as always polite saying: 'After you..'; then I stepped out in the clear and fresh morning air.
The sun on my skin felt warm and comforting when John locked the door behind us. John took a photo, this was the point of no return again as I knew it before.
He gave me a hand leaving the house and led me to our car. He gallantly opened the door for me and I stepped in. Putting on my safety belt, I felt the rough texture of the belt on my bare skin on my right breast as I'm not used to wearing it being naked...
Hubby started the engine and off we went; it was still very quiet in the village and, except for one man who didn't notice my nakedness, we drove out of it. We had prepared a tour passing two villages. The first time we had to stop for a crossing I got very nervous, but after two cars passed, we continued and I started to relax. Then we were behind a tractor pulling a trailer with cows and we had to stay behind for some time. Although we passed several people, no one seemed to notice except for a guy on a bicycle on the opposite side of the road who stopped and turned his head following us.
When we continued having passed the tractor I felt the coffee urged me to take a leak, so I told hubby I needed a sanitary stop. John took a side road and after some time stopped the car. Then he handed me a paper handkerchief and I got out of our car to sit down and took a pee. Meanwhile John had come out too and locked the car, saying my sanitary stop was only necessary because I was nervous and I had to overcome that by having a walk here and now to relax and calm down...
I gave John a hand and off we went, me in my birthday suit with nothing to cover and John next to my side. Because of him I felt secure and anxious, humiliated and proud in a way, all at the same time. He was right, after a few minutes I felt much better and enjoyed the sun and the soft wind caressing my naked skin.
We reached a more covered area with trees and after some fifteen minutes, having walked in more or less a rectangular pattern, I saw the car again. To get there we had to pass a small house and a farm and after that, the farmer had started working in the field that I would have to pass on our way to the car...!
I felt the adrenaline rushing and had this feeling, again I felt hot and cold, fear and pride at the same time, but knowing I was looking well-groomed and secure having hubby on my side we continued.
At the farm, the farmer's wife was looking after her chicken and she noticed me. She straightened her back, put her hands at her side and looked at us. While we passed I winked at her; she said nothing but I did notice a slight grin on her face.
Now in the last part I was to pass the farmer who was at work in front of us. He stopped working and started looking at me. Although he said things I didn't understand as I don't speak his language, I waved to him in answer and he just looked until we got in the car and left.
Once back on our way in the car, John told me how proud he was of me, and how I handled my encounters so well. I thanked him for helping me to continue; I told him, it gave me more confidence in walking naked in public.
Then he said: 'OK, then you are ready now for the next step.. our next stop will be at the grocery store where you'll pick up our bread.'
That was in the center of the second and last village we would pass.. I was perplexed, frozen in my chair, and for a moment did not know what to say.
John said this was the first step to make a dream of mine come true later on. He referred to my dream and fantasy of walking naked through a city, visiting a shop or a bar one day like you sometimes see women do in videos on the Internet.
Once he arrived at the grocery store, he parked our car directly opposite and handed me his wallet saying, 'Don't forget to order another bread for tomorrow. If you don't see me right away when you walk back, I'll be a little further down the street. I'm looking for a place in the shade to wait for you. Take your time and relax, just like you did earlier.'
I did a fast final check on my make-up in the small mirror in the sun visor and said, 'See you later, wish me luck ..' and got out. I passed behind our car and waited for another car to pass. Apparently the driver didn't know how to react seeing my clothing was limited to my shoes. The street was now clear and I walked leisurely to the store, determined to keep my composure. I walked in, the door was open and a bell rang. I waited patiently and the bell rang again when another customer came in. I turned and said 'good morning' to the person. He froze for a moment, but wished me the same in his national language, took a basket and went into the shop.
Then the shopkeeper appeared. When he saw me, he stopped for a moment, looked at me and tried to focus on my face, in which he didn't really succeed. I wished him good morning, and that seemed to break the ice; he clearly recognized me and I said, 'I hope I didn't scare you, if so I'll be dressed again next time.' Apparently he didn't expect that comment and started telling me that it didn't bother him at all, on the contrary; he enjoyed looking at me, and that he thought I looked great and sexy...
I thanked him for his compliment, asked for my bread which I paid for and ordered again for the next day, I said: 'Thanks and goodbye, see you!' and walked out of his shop.
Once on the street, I looked for where our car was but didn't see it. I decided to walk in the direction where I thought he would be parked. A few construction workers were working across the street. They whistled and shouted words that I did not understand. While I waved to them, I saw John standing in the distance and started walking towards him. He came in my direction to meet me. Shortly after, he greeted me with a kiss and a compliment as I confidently sauntered down the street. After he had put his wallet away, I took his hand in mine and asked him, "And where are we going for coffee or a drink now?"
John said that our car was around the corner at a bar with a terrace where he stood before, waiting for me. That seemed a very suitable place to me, as I didn't want to go home straight away before fulfilling another fantasy of mine. Although it was still early, we could have a drink there before going back.
We got to the terrace and walked out to find a place to sit. There was a quiet corner where we could sit out of sight from the street in a lounge set. Once I was seated with my back to the street, John walked back to put the bread away and when he returned he said that you could not see from the street that I was naked, although I faced the building with the bar, but couldn't really look in. Then John walked in and ordered our drinks. Although it was still so early, I opted for a glass of white wine while John had coffee. A few minutes later, a waitress came to bring our drinks; apparently she was aware, because she pretended there was nothing out of the ordinary.
We thanked her and enjoyed our drinks. I felt more relaxed now after my glass of wine and decided to go to the toilet. It didn't bother me that there were a few guests in the bar as they probably had seen me when looking outside on the terrace. When I went in, all eyes were on me. When I was leaving, I said : 'Goodbye, have a nice day!' Some of them answered in their language, which I presume was about the same.
We drove back to our holiday home at our leisure. Upon arrival, our neighbors were in their yard and I was sure they saw me. John drove past their yard and turned to the parking lot by our front door so I could get in the shortest way. But, I decided to walk back to our backyard to enter our yard without cover as our holiday neighbors had seen me anyway and I didn't want to hide or run away from being seen because of my nakedness, especially after my last adventure.
A little later, John, now also naked, came through the house into the garden with two large glasses of white wine and a few pillows to enjoy a drink together.
After getting comfortable on our deck-chairs, we evaluated the past hours together. From our departure by car; the walk we made with our encounter with the farmer's wife and the farmer in the field; my visit to the grocery shop; as a bonus my walk through the village street being seen by several people; and then visiting the bar in the end. We discussed the events step by step and enjoyed exchanging our observations and perceptions in them.
We also discussed how we would continue our experiences over the next few days, as we agreed that we both enjoyed ourselves very much this morning.
For starters, we agreed that John would pick up our bread the next day so my next naked visit would be a surprise in a few days, depending on the dice this time.
John went in and brought me a single die that he guided on my lower belly, right above my clitoris. He said, 'Spread your legs a little and sit up please so that it will roll down to decide ...' The die passed my sex and fell down revealing the number of days from now to the next event to John. He said: 'You will visit the grocery shop again in five days ...'
I took him by his dick fondling and stroking it softly saying: 'If that's your wish, I'll gladly comply...'
We intended to go there together on that occasion; that is me, naked, going in first and then John, dressed, following me.
I told John that after having a ride naked once, I had fulfilled my fantasy in it, but in the future I would rather travel bottomless in a long T-shirt that I can easily remove and hand to him before getting out of the car. Departure and return home wouldn't provoke our neighbors, me pulling down the shirt on both sides to cover my sex and ass, John opening the doors for me so that I could fake being dressed.
Having discussed everything, John fondled my breasts and played with my nipples, then found his way between my legs, and although privacy was not guaranteed after our arrival and my entrance to our garden as into the garden of Eden, that didn't bother us at all. Not even when I reached a heavenly orgasm through John's tongue a few minutes later ...