Astrid's exhibitionist tendency was not just narcissism. Yes she liked the attention, seeing the reaction and expression of people she showed herself off to. But it also turned her on. Showing her wares gave her a deep thrill every time. Moreover she felt a rewarding sense of connection and sharing, putting her at one with humanity and the forces of love and lust.
Astrid stood admiring the attractive young woman in the full-length bathroom mirror, a nude female who had just finished showering. Her bright hazel eyes looked back at her from her sweet young face. Her cheeks were rosy from the hot shower. Her luscious lips were slightly parted, giving a glimpse of white teeth. Her still-wet hair framed her face and tumbled across the slightly tanned bare shoulders and down her chest, where a few strands fell around her pink breasts and semi-erect nipples.
She continued scanning herself downwards across her naturally pale and perfectly flat tummy, her slim waist and slight hips, adorned by the shapely pelvic bones. Her smooth thighs curved gently into her long athletic legs. She held her gaze on the gap in between her thighs, adoring the way it formed a natural inverted triangle with firm curving flesh on two sides and freshly waxed pussy above. She always chose high-cut briefs to show off this stunning little thigh gap.
As she looked at herself, proud of her beauty and fitness, well aware of her great sex appeal, she was becoming increasingly horny and wet. She wanted someone else to see and appreciate her nude young body. She wished Ariana or Anabella would come to her room now; she knew that both the maids were attracted to her. She was tempted to call one of them and summon her to come to the room for a quickie.
But for now she decided just to take some selfies and send them to the girls and to Amanda back home. Later she would find other opportunities to show herself off around the hotel pool, beach and spa. So she took her phone and snapped a few dozen shots of her nudity including some close-ups of her chest, midriff and inevitably the stunning pubic area below, then messaged them to her admirers.
Having dried her hair and dressed (thong, tight white cotton shorts, loose sky-blue t-shirt, no bra) Astrid went down to the hotel spa where she had booked a massage.
The receptionist, a young redhead she recognised from the gym, gave her a lovely welcoming smile and led her to the massage room, which stood empty. 'Just relax here for a minute,' she said, gesturing to the centre of the small room where there was a chair beside the massage bench. Alone in the room Astrid remained standing and looked around. It was bright and clean, low lighting, candles, chill-out music coming from unseen speakers.
On one wall was a large horizontally hung mirror, in line with the length of the massage table. She stood in front of it and immediately imagined that it was one of those two-way mirrors and that people could see through from a room on the other side. She liked the idea, amused at the thought of being watched, lying naked being massaged.
But it was not just Astrid's imagination. There really was a viewing room, behind the mirror, into which the redhead had disappeared to join Anabella who was already sitting there, video camera ready. They kissed briefly on the mouth, then giggled quietly as they looked through at Astrid in front of them. This would be another one to show at one of their wild parties in the penthouse.
Astrid stood facing the mirror for a minute, checking herself out. She cupped her breasts through the shirt, caressing herself gently. Then she slid her palms down her thighs and edged her fingertips between her legs... The door opened. A woman walked in, a tall ponytailed blonde in a white uniform. As the masseuse approached Astrid was sure she heard giggling from behind the mirror and was thrilled at the thought that she was on show again.
'Hallo,' said the woman, speaking with a strong eastern European accent. 'I am Aliona. I give you massage.' She smiled. 'You can take off clothes.' Astrid grinned and faced the mirror again. In one quick movement she pulled the t-shirt over her head and placed it on the chair. Then she peeled down the little shorts and wiggled out of them. Standing in only her tiny briefs she turned to Aliona who was watching her undress.
'This too?' Astrid asked, indicating the thong.
'Yes. Is better.'
Better for all of your watching me, thought Astrid. But she was only too pleased to get naked again. She hooked her thumbs into the waistline of the underwear, smiled at the masseuse, whose light blue eyes were fixed on the young woman's body, and pulled down the tiny piece of material, exposing her full nudity to Aliona and who knew how many people watching!
The masseuse asked Astrid to lie down, then dimmed the lights. However there was a cool white light shining down from above, illuminating the massage table on which lay Astrid's naked body. She lay face down, her pert round buttocks beautifully illuminated. Aliona looked back at the mirror, licked her lips and grinned, knowing the other girls were watching and filming. Then she undid the top buttons of her white frock-coat uniform, exposing a little cleavage, knowing she was part of the show too. She intended to please her young customer in more ways than one! She walked around the far side of the table so that she would not obstruct the view from the mirror, then looked down at Astrid, innocently awaiting her treatment.
Soon the warm oiled fingertips began caressing Astrid's back and shoulders, smoothing the muscles. As the stunning Ukrainian blonde leaned forward over the young body below, her ponytail fell around her bare shoulders and more of her cleavage showed to the secret audience. She licked her lips again as she massaged Astrid's lower back and waist area. The room was very warm. She paused for a moment as Astrid lay unaware below, then looked over at the mirror and slowly unbuttoned her uniform, exposing her bare chest and tanned midriff, plus the tiny triangle of her white briefs. Then she resumed the massage, applying pressure to Astrid's lower back and beginning to spread her fingertips over the young girl's buttocks.
At eighteen, Astrid had only had a professional massage a couple of times so she had no idea how good this one was - or even whether it was professional at all - but she enjoyed every moment nevertheless, loving as always the feeling of warm hands on her flesh. She began to stir inside as she reacted to the warm caresses. The hands had now begun smoothing over her taut buttocks. Astrid relaxed as much as she could, but felt the wetness increasing inside. Suddenly the long fingers were down between her legs, massaging her inner thighs and Astrid found herself wishing they would reach to her pussy.
'You want to turn over?' asked the masseuse. Astrid said yes and rolled herself onto her back, unwittingly giving the camera an excellent view of her back and buttocks, and a brief flash of her exposed pussy, as she adjusted herself on her back. As she lay waiting she noticed the blonde's uniform was undone and her eyes widened with surprise and delight as she admired the slim white body standing beside her. Aliona smiled at her and blew a kiss. Astrid grinned and wiggled slightly as she lay, as if to offer herself up to the new mistress. She felt her nipples hardening as she looked up at the blonde's small pink breasts above, the flat tummy and the slight bulge beneath the panties, giving away the shape of the shapely pussy lips. Aliona shed her uniform and stood there in only her panties while she lubricated her hands again.
Soon the warm oiled fingers were caressing Astrid's young breasts, gently smoothing and stimulating them, ever so gently tweaking the hardening nipples. Astrid looked again at the white panties and noticed a wet patch forming. She herself was very wet now, her naked pussy lips swelling, aching for attention. Next the masseuse stood behind Astrid's head, which was right at the end of the table, and leaned over her to spread her hands down the stomach. As she did so, her pussy came very close to Astrid's face and she could smell the scent of the older woman above. Instinctively Astrid leaned her head back and found her mouth was millimetres from the thin white panties. The blonde reached lower to massage Astrid's lower stomach and her crotch came into contact with Astrid's mouth, almost forcing her to form the lips into a kiss. This must be deliberate, Astrid thought. So she gave a brief kiss through the damp material, feeling with her lips the shape of the pussy lips beneath. The blonde pressed against her, so Astrid flicked her tongue along the sides of the tiny panties, licking the moist soft flesh exposed on either side of the slit.
At the same moment, Aliona's fingers reached Astrid's pussy, stroking and caressing it as the pussy lips swelled further and honey juices began seeping out. Using both hands, she expertly used the long fingertips to part the pussy and expose Astrid's prominent clitoris, which was aching to be stimulated more. Meanwhile, Astrid's tongue had reached inside the panties and she began licking the warm juices from the blonde's eager pussy. Fingertips now flicked Astrid's clit gently from side to side and she felt herself trembling with the first flow of orgasm.
But suddenly Aliona removed her hands and stepped away briefly. Astrid was worried for an instant that she had gone too far, but she wasn't going to be disappointed. The tall slim blonde had only stopped to remove the now wet panties. She hooked her fingertips into them and pulled them down, exposing her long legs and firm buttocks to the cameras behind the mirror. Astrid watched as the nude woman above came closer again. Aliona then climbed onto the massage table and positioned herself over Astrid, leaning down so that her face was above the young girl's pussy and her loins were spread above Astrid's face, presenting her completely hairless pussy to the younger woman. Time for a sixty-nine, mutual relief.
Almost immediately Aliona began kissing and licking Astrid's cunt, smothering her mouth over the pussy and sticking her tongue deep inside. Simultaneously she lowered herself onto Astrid's face, plunging her wet pussy onto the younger woman's wet mouth. Then they both lost it, urgently kissing and licking each other, both moaning loud as their hot bodies bucked and trembled with the first floods of orgasm. Astrid almost gave out a scream as she came, pumping her juices out over Aliona's mouth and tongue, which was flicking across her clit, causing more waves of pleasure to be released. Aliona licked and drank every drop, sucking the juices from Astrid's willing pussy.
As Astrid finished coming, her body still trembling, she continued to lick the pussy that was still spread over her mouth, sticking her tongue in and out and over the little white bud of the blonde's clit. She felt a warm flood as the sexy masseuse came over her mouth and chin. Astrid swallowed all the juices and licked the smooth soft pubic area, as Aliona moaned with pleasure.
Both now sated, they stood up, hugged and kissed on the mouth, long and deep, tasting each other and caressing each other's hard bodies. Aliona put on a show for the cameras, turning her naked customer round so that the girls filming would get a good view of their nude embrace. Then she stepped away, took Astrid's hand, turned to face the mirror and gave a bow to the unseen audience. Astrid grinned and did the same, then asked Aliona if she would come and do a private visit to her room one night. The masseuse quickly agreed, then they kissed again and found their scattered clothing.
Astrid felt delighted, very relaxed and satisfied, knowing there was more to come. As she left the room, she remembered she had invited the gym guys to her room that night. It was great to be with another woman this afternoon but she was pleased she would have some men later too.
At 11pm Astrid had showered and sat in her room waiting for the two gym guys and the student from the next room. She wore only a white vest, having decided not to even bother with underwear. She amazed herself with her sexual appetite, so eager was she to be fucked again and so excited by the prospect of seducing three guys at once.
The boy from the next room came in first, creeping through the balcony doors with a silly grin on his face as he unsubtly looked her up and down, admiring her nude lower half in particular. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Astrid told him to get the phone camera ready - she wanted some evidence to send to Amanda. Moments later the door buzzer went and she let the two gym guys in. They were both in black jeans and shirts and went straight to Astrid to kiss her on the lips. She told them she had invited the boy next door and they grinned at her appetite.
They had brought a bottle of vodka and started passing it round. Astrid took a large gulp and as she took the bottle from her lips she let some spill onto her top. She pulled the vest down to show her bare breasts and one of the guys reached out to caress her while the other leaned in to lick off the vodka from one of her nipples.
Astrid wasted no time. 'No talking,' she instructed. 'Just fuck me. All of you.' She stood in front of them all and pulled off the vest, loving the way all three guys instinctively looked her up and down, enjoying her brazen nudity. The men all took off their tops. The one nearest her started unbuttoning his jeans. Within moments she reached out and grabbed the hardening cock as it sprang loose. She was so horny she took it straight in her mouth. Her tongue gave a series of rapid licks and she felt it harden and throb. At the same time she reached back to grab the next guy's member with one hand as he held it out towards her.
They needed no further encouragement. Soon all three were naked and one of them carried her to the bed and lay her on her back. She was surrounded and very horny, taking one cock in her mouth and another by her hand. The third guy started licking her pussy as she spread her legs wide, thrusting his tongue inside her and flicking it across her clit.
At the same time she took the younger man's cock deeper in her mouth and felt it pulsing. She felt an unbearable urge to be filled and covered with cum as soon as possible. So she licked and sucked the cock, holding it with her hand so he couldn't withdraw - sure enough it was too much for him and with a powerful throb he exploded in her mouth, spurting all his load down her throat. Astrid gulped and gasped but took it all, swallowing and sucking until he was dry.
Seconds later she bucked with pleasure as the stimulation of her pussy by the third guy became too much - she moaned out load as she came, squirting her juices out onto his tongue, which eagerly lapped up her flow, as she licked her lips and swallowed the rest of the other guy's cum in her mouth.
The young man would not be much use to her now so she told him to start taking photos of them as she set to work on the two gym guys. Amanda was going to love this slutty show!
First she took another cock in her mouth, the one she had been rubbing. It was rock hard now and she knew it wouldn't take much to get another load in her face. He grabbed the back of her head to steady her as she sucked and licked his smooth firm tip. She teased him with her lips and tongue, cupping his balls as he began to thrust into her mouth. She looked up and saw that the young guy was rapidly taking photos with her phone.
She felt the cock in her mouth twitch and sensed him shudder and wondered whether she should wait and take him in her cunt, but the other gym guy was waiting for that, so she carried on sucking and licking him as he grew even harder.
Soon she sensed he was about to come, so she arched her head back, releasing the throbbing cock in from of her mouth and opened wide. The tip of his hardness touched her lips and he held his cock steady and aimed at her mouth.
She gave his head another few quick licks of her tongue to take him to the edge, and sure enough he began to moan and squeezed himself as the first squirt came out and burst into her open mouth. She took the full load, spurt by spurt, swallowed it all, licked her lips and grinned.
Almost immediately she grabbed the third man and pulled him onto the bed. She lay him down on his back and licked the full length of his long member which was throbbing and ready. Now all she wanted was a good hard cock inside. Enough of this teasing and licking!
She sat astride him, rubbed her soaking pussy lips against his rock hard member until it started to edge into her. She opened herself up and took him in, impaling herself fully. Then she started to ride him as the others watched and grinned. She took the full length of the thick hard cock deep inside, skilfully moving herself up and down to keep him hard and stimulate him as much as possible, knowing it wouldn't take much. Sure enough she felt him throb and heard moans as he got closer, but she didn't want him to come yet.
So she quickly climbed off and lay down beside him, on her front. He took the hint and positioned himself on top of her slim body, sliding his cock between her buttocks and easily into her very wet pussy. He began thrusting hard and deep, causing her to moan and tremble. For the first time she wasn't in control and she just let herself lie there and be used and photographed like a porn star. She knew he could easily explode into her, but she told him to pull out at the last minute - she wanted a shot of him exploding all over her backside, which she had promised Amanda.
And soon she was rewarded. Feeling him push and thrust and throb harder than ever into her greedy cunt, she signalled with her hands and he pulled out, just as she felt a wave of pleasure inside her. She gasped and collapsed as the powerful orgasm overcame her, feeling her juices flood out just as the first spurts of white seed fell onto her naked buttocks, clasped by his powerful grip. She felt several squirts and knew her arse would look great spattered with his cum, which she could feel all over her rounded buttocks, and seeping down between her cheeks into her holes. She sighed with delight.
Now that they had all come and were no use to her, Astrid sent them all out of her room and said she might invite them back again later if they could handle it. Then she sat on the bed and admired the many photos, sending the choicest ones to Amanda, who was full of praise and promised to return the favour the next day, as she had invited two men from her tennis club to her place after their match. Astrid was doubly turned on by the thought of seeing evidence of her best friend in a threesome, and by the anticipation of her next session with whichever guys she felt like picking up around the resort. She would surely use the gym guys again and it was high time she went to the penthouse suite for more with the older man at one of his sex parties.