"What are you doing the second weekend in April?" asked Jenny, leaning over my shoulder as I tried to type a complicated sentence in my report. I put my hand up for her to wait, finished the sentence and swung round in my chair to face her.
"The second weekend?" I turned to my diary and checked the date. "Celebrating my birthday, actually. Well, going to my parent's as per usual and sitting through a full roast dinner and spending all afternoon doing the washing up, if the truth be known, why do you ask?"
Jenny leant in again. "A few of us are going to have a weekend away. We're thinking of Amsterdam. Interested?"
It was obvious from the chosen destination, coupled with the fact that she was almost whispering, that she didn't want the whole office to know, so I immediately cottoned on to the fact that Amsterdam had not been chosen for its numerous art galleries or diamond cutting tours. This was going to be a cultural experience of the more basic kind.
There were usually five or six of us who let our hair down in this way, once or twice a year. Usually it was an overnight stay in London, where we would go and see a show, or make fools of ourselves on one of those Thames disco boats. Last time however, someone had, on the spur of the moment, booked tickets for a male strip show somewhere in Birmingham of all places. We'd therefore, to my shame, ended up spending a few raucous hours drunkenly screaming at various oiled but flaccid willies, but to my surprise, thoroughly enjoying every minute.
She was grinning, and I grinned back. "I'm in!" I can always go to my parent's at another time, I thought.
So, over the next few days, flights and hotel rooms were booked, Euros were purchased and numerous "meetings" held, where we came to some sort of sgreement on what we would all like to see and do whilst there. This itinerary started off quite tame, until another colleague and I just came out with it and said that we'd like to go and see something rude whilst there, like a sex show or something, if for no other reason than to be able to say we'd actually seen one. After all, it was Amsterdam.
The response from the others was immediate but not really surprising, bearing in mind the great laugh we'd had in Birmingham. All were in favour, and so it was agreed that we would all go to one of these shows together. Safety in numbers, I suppose. It was also agreed that if anyone didn't like what they saw, then we would all agree to leave without quibbling.
The idea of seeing such a show had long been a fascination of mine, and had become even more of a "must do" after I'd sat in on a conversation with a male colleague a few months ago, where he'd recounted what had happened when he'd been there on a stag weekend. Of course, I'd expressed shock horror at the time, but nevertheless, it immediately became something that I just had to do and secretly couldn't wait for our weekend away.
I'd blushed quite a bit during our lunchtime group chat, I think we all did, especially when he went into quite specific detail. I'm also sure that he quite enjoyed shocking us ladies and making us blush, but really, all he did was turn me on to the idea, although I'd never admit that to him.
Like most other people, especially women, what you see on the surface isn't necessarily what is going on underneath, as far as I'm concerned anyway. One could say that I'm prim and proper on the outside, but my inner being is filled with dark and delicious nooks and crannies.
Some of these desires and fantasies have been divulged to tried and trusted friends over the years, but others will always remain private....only to be used for sweet inspiration as and when the need arises and an hour or two of privacy is to hand.
They say that the biggest sex organ is the brain. I'd tend to go along with that.
I suppose my most enduring fantasy during masturbation has been one that has involved someone being "exposed" in some way. Talking about this with other women, I don't think I'm alone.
The first time I had access to a hardcore magazine, I admit that the pictures played some considerable part in my arousal, if only for their novelty value. To see, for the first time, detailed and explicit photos of two or more naked adults having full sex is definitely a turn on for most people, I'm sure. But for me, my mind was also working overtime concerning details regarding that photoshoot.
Had those people met for the first time that day? How had they undressed? Together? In separate rooms and then walked in naked one by one? God, had they actually got round to even saying hello to each other before their bodies came together?
How many backroom staff were there, just watching? How had those people felt during their very first photoshoot? Was this the very first time for one of them?
And that's where the real arousal begins.
How would I feel in that situation? Walking naked into a room full of strangers, everyone staring, noting my obvious excitement as I try to hide my erect nipples, smiling at the fact that my face is beetroot red with embarrassment.
This fascination with the "behind the scenes" aspect of porn, especially the amateur variety of filmed or photographed sex, has accounted for most of my fantasy scenarios over the years, and although the pictures or films are always there as a visual aid, it is invarioubly the thought of someone being watched whilst doing naughty naked things with a total stranger that has brought me to orgasm each time.
I'm therefore damn sure that this is why the idea of going to see such a thing "in the flesh" holds such a fascination for me.
I have found the odd porn vid, from time to time, that almost ticks all of my boxes as far as the natural embarrassment factor is concerned, but they are pretty thin on the ground as, let's face it, most porn is pretty formulaic and predictable.
My ideal film usually has the woman in a scenario where she has to disrobe in front of fully clothed (usually Doctors etc) men, and then ends up with the lady having various pleasurable things done to her.
If the acting is good, then it is almost believable and very much more arousing, but if the acting is poor, then I quickly find myself moving on to something else is search of inspiration.
What really hits the spot though, is when it involves a genuine amateur being put into a situation that causes them acute embarrassment.
Preferably, this scenario should involve an adult male, as it is absolutely obvious (hard to hide an erection) that they are, despite their embarrassment, secretly enjoying the whole thing.
I was lucky enough to stumble across a Japanese film not so long ago that was perfect, and have found several similar films from Japan that are just as good. It seems that they are excellent at this sort of thing, and they seem pretty genuine, not acted.
Anyway, one could regard all of this as rather a almost a fetish of mine, rather than mere fascination, so you can see why I was very much looking forward to our long weekend away.
Time seemed to drag over the next few weeks, but finally the day arrived and a gaggle of excited women, who should know better, boarded the Easyjet flight to Schipol airport.
A few glasses of wine later, we landed in the pouring rain at about noon, and took a train and then two taxis to our Hotel.
The agreement was for us to quickly change in our rooms (grotty hotel not far from the train station) and then set out to "get our bearings" once the rain eased off.
The hotel turned out to be bang smack in the middle of the red light district, which was totally unintentional I must say, and was hastily booked as it was the only reasonably priced hotel which had three double rooms available, meaning that all six of us could stay in the same place. After booking on the net, we then did a bit of research and found it was in the naughty part of town, so we weren't too surprised when we reached our destination and saw the surrounding area.
The first thing that really struck us about our new neighbourhood, were the explicit magazine covers on display in the many adult shops along the way. Full detail of nearly everything imaginable, right there on display for anyone to see, and quite shocking at first.
It must be said, that when we finally set out on our first little foray, it took quite a while to get from one end of that High Street to the other.
Shrieks of "Look at this, look at that," and "God, the size of him!"
It went on and on until the novelty had worn off and the combination of the incessant rain and our hunger had motivated us to find a half decent pub that served food.
After a baguette and a drink or three (purely to bolster the courage, you understand), we decided to go and explore the area properly, to see if one of these mythical sex clubs actually existed. I hadn't seen one on the way to the pub, and wondered whether they'd all been closed down or were in another area altogether.
The rain seemed to be getting worse, so we hurriedly moved down a side street that seemed to offer the shelter of numerous little shop awnings, dashing from one area of cover to the next and not really knowing where we were headed.
Other tourists were doing the same, and I found myself on several occasions, standing next to complete strangers under a small shop awning, having nothing in common apart from the fact that we were face to face with explicit porn glaring at us from the shop window. A very odd experience, to say the least.
About halfway down the side street, and almost opposite our shelter was a small, nondescript grey building with an unlit neon strip across the entrance, which read "Live Sex".
After a bit of quiet nudging, we were all made aware of the place, and watched as Jenny and Liz (the oldest one of our group) ran over there to shelter in the doorway and investigate. It would seem, I thought, that these two ladies were even more keen than me, if that were possible!
They soon beckoned us over.
Upon closer inspection, the place seemed closed, but peering in through the window, one could plainly see evidence of what went on in there, up on the club's tiny stage.
The wall opposite the entrance door was covered with large glossy photos, all depicting various sex acts. It was too far away to make out things in detail, but let's put it this way, it was obvious that not much (if anything) was left to the audience's imagination.
We looked around for opening times, but found nothing. No lights were on, no sign of activity inside, so we decided to move on.
It was then that we heard a man shouting something in the distance, in a tone similar to one you'd hear in a british street market. The words seemed garbled at first, as he was so far away and the amount of traffic noise, but as we made our way further down towards him, we all gradually realised what he was shouting, and looked at each other in amused amazement.
As we approached nearer, we could see this man standing outside what was obviously another sex club. He was handing out leaflets to various tourists as they walked by, and when he had a spare moment, he took a deep breath and shouted "Fuuuuuucky Uuuucky Ucky! On stage! Very nice!" He then (I'm sure it was the same patter) repeated it in German.
We all burst out laughing at this extraordinary sales pitch (imagine that happening on Camden Market) and, after a bit of giggly discussion, decided to go and have a look at what it was all about.
Close up, he turned out to be quite a little man, and very funny. Leaflets were quickly handed out to us and he motioned for us to look at the picture display in the foyer. Great salesman tactics, I thought. Get them in through the door and the sale is almost complete.
As we stepped in out of the rain, he guided us to the wall to the left, which was lit by several little spotlights and, just like the other establishment, covered with A4 sized glossy photos of various activities that took place on their stage.
This time the stage was much bigger, and the photography was obviously quite professional.
It all looked very full on and, as before, nothing was left to the imagination. We could hear laughter and cheering from inside.
"You like?" he enquired, pointing to a picture of a muscular naked guy holding his startlingly large erection. We laughed and blushed as one.
"Is not me," he joked, holding out his bent little finger.
We laughed again and carried on looking at the pictures, pointing out ones of particular interest to one another.
"Ladies welcome. Very friendly. Good show! Lubbly jubbly!" More giggles ensued as we glanced at one another, hoping that someone would make a decision.
"When is the next show?," Jenny asked in a very slow and somewhat loud voice , like most English people do when speaking to a foreigner. I think we all gulped a bit at the thought of us actually going through with this. The reality suddenly hit home.
"All the time. Now. Non stop. Ticket half price for ladies. You want?"
I looked outside and it was still raining hard. I nudged Jenny and nodded. We looked at the others as they all nodded in agreement.
"OK," said Jen, whereupon we all seemed to take a communal deep breath as we delved in pockets and handbags for our euros.
He showed us over to the ticket booth, where we paid a young girl who sat facing us behind the glass screen, chewing gum.
On the wall directly behind her, our attention was drawn to a large TV screen which was showing a close up of what appeared to be a never ending cumshot. A girl's hand was wrapped around a huge black penis, causing huge spurts to erupt from the end, time and time again.
It was obviously on a film "loop" but was done so well, that it just looked as if it was real. Liz stood transfixed. "I bet he had his weetabix," she joked, and we all collapsed. This was going to get quite raucous, I thought.
Our Danny DeVito lookalike then tore our tickets in half and walked us over to the large black door from where all the noise was emanating. "No turning back now," someone said.
Inside it was a bit like an old fashioned cinema, but with small, clip on tray tables dotted here and there in front of the rows of seats.
An usherette looked at our tickets and took us right down to the second row, seating us directly behind a group of noisy young German lads, aged about late teens, who suddenly seemed to go quiet when we arrived on the scene.
Now, I was the second youngest of our group (it was actually my 33rd birthday that day - groan) and the oldest was 41, so I suppose, to these lads, it was a bit like having their mother's friends suddenly arriving on the scene! A very funny moment.
All in all, the place was about a third full. Maybe thirty people or so, and mainly groups of lads. There were a few couples, several single guys and now us.
We had obviously interrupted the German group's enjoyment of watching a big black lady, who was sitting on a chair right in front of them and playing with a large vibrator. At first I honestly didn't know where to look!
It was all very embarrassing actually, to begin with, and if one of us had suggested leaving, I think we'd have been out of there like a shot.
To change from the outside world to this in such short order was very disconcerting, to say the least.
We nevertheless all sat down like good little girls, and tried to be as quiet as possible as we took off our jackets and coats, putting them all in one pile on a seat next to us on one end.
The usherette waited until we'd settled, took our drink orders (and money) and left, so we had no option but to stay and dutifully watch the lady on stage do her thing.
She was obviously used to playing the crowd, and made a point of changing positions a few times so that everyone could see, but she definitely homed in on the lads at the front most of the time and they, after a while, soon forgot about us and started up with their laddish stuff again, that is until the time came for her to stop joking around and get serious with her toy.
The boys soon picked up on the fact that she was no longer acting and just sat and watched in silent amazement as she went all out for her orgasm.
When my male colleague had told us about his sex club trip, he said that he'd been struck by the fact that the audience seemed to instinctively go quiet when an orgasm was due, and this was what seemed to be happening now.
He'd also told us about the "crowd participation" routine that he'd seen, where two men were dragged up from the audience and were made to stand facing towards paper targets (like the one's you'd see in archery) that were positioned on the floor.
They'd then had their bottom half undressed and were "variously molested," as he put it, for a while, before being jacked off to see who could get the highest score with their cumshot.
One guy was from the left hand side of the club and one from the right side, and the audience had to cheer their own boy on. Left audience versus right, to see who could "shoot" nearest the bullseye!
He had no idea what the actual score was, or how near to the bullseye they achieved, but he said that it was a great laugh and really got the audience into the swing of things.
He said that the funniest thing he found, was that the guy from his side was finding it hard to hold his clothing (top half) up and out of the line of fire. He'd pulled it up so far, apparently, that he was actually using his chin as well as his hands to keep it all in place. Maybe it was his only outfit for the weekend and he didn't want to stain it! In the end, my colleague had to give due credit to him, because Pro or Am, the lad ended up covering most of the target and some of the floor beyond! He said the ladies gave the lad a massive round of applause. I just hoped that we would see something like that on our visit, as it definitely sounded fun!
Seeing women perform is all well and good, but I just hoped that the entertainment on offer was aimed at us ladies in the audience as well.
Getting back to the big lady on stage, she'd now sat herself down, legs splayed wide towards us and, eyes now closed, worked the vibrator in and out at a very impressive speed. My initial reluctance to look at her had gone, and I was now transfixed. The only time I felt like looking away was when she suddenly made eye contact with me for a second or two. Well, to be totally accurate, I'd made eye contact with her.
I was fixed on the business end at the time, where she was really working a large black dildo in and out of her at an incredible speed, and was actually thinking to myself, "god, that must feel good."
Her other hand completely covered her pussy, and she was furiously rubbing it from side to side. I thought that she must be near to climax, and flicked a glance at her in order to see her facial expression, I suppose.
There she was, staring straight at me! She'd obviously been watching me as I watched her.
My heart leapt as we locked on to each other and I found myself unable to move.
I'd wanted to give her a smile or something, but just sat there with my mouth open. It was all over in a few seconds though, as she then smiled at me before looking down at one of the German lads and speeding up even more.
I quickly moved my gaze back to the dildo, my heart in my mouth.
Now, to be totally blunt, I can get a good speed up on most occasions when I'm in that sort of mood, but she went at it twice as fast as I could ever hope to manage. Maybe it was her big, muscular arms, who knows?
We girls flicked the occasional glance at one another, with a sort of "wow!" expression, but I also felt a weird "exposed" feeling during it all, I must say.
It wasn't too uncomfortable a sensation, but nonetheless a feeling that intimate female secrets were out there on display, for all the world to see.
Men here were being shown the true extent and, how else can I put it, the raw nuts and bolts of what sometimes happens during a female "self fuck" session. I had a sense that all eyes were on me (they weren't, of course) and everyone was thinking, "Yeah, now I know what you get up to."
In that sense, I was glad when she came, so I could tune out again and just enjoy the proceedings.
The German boys had leant fully forwards by this stage, and were obviously fascinated with her technique as she worked towards orgasm.
She was quite a large lady, and I suppose it was a novelty for them to see (it was for me, anyway) her bright pink "inner workings," as my mum calls it, against the very dark skin of her shaven pussy.
One thing that struck me was the fact that she had a really large clitoris, as I could see it oh so clearly from where I was sitting! Certainly the biggest I've ever seen, either on film or in real life. Maybe that's why she was hired here in the first place? The lads certainly got an eyeful as she frigged to orgasm right there in front of them, that's for sure.
They were very gallant at the end, when she'd finished shuddering, and gave her loud applause. She then made me smile by wrapping herself in a big fluffy robe before leaning down and shaking all their hands, one by one. Nice lady, I thought. Naughty, but nice.
In the short interval that followed, the noise level went up a few notches. We ordered more drinks and started to relax more and have a laugh.
The German boys kept chucking sheepish glances in our direction, and we (well, me anyway...but I think we all did) did our best to show we were enjoying it all, in some sort of effort to get them to stop worrying about our presence there. After all, they were out for a bit of fun as well, and I would be sad to think we'd somehow ruined their enjoyment.
To be honest, I also wanted them to regard us as pretty "cool", if the truth be known. Hey, they were young, good looking and fun......what woman in her right mind wouldn't want to be seen as cool by lads such as these? Don't get me wrong though, I didn't want to pull them. I simply didn't want to be placed into a "mumsy" category, that's all.
Drinks arrived, along with another party of women who were being seated next to us us in the second row. The word was soon passed along to me that they were from Leeds, and one of their party was getting married in a few days.
Within seconds of sitting down, two of the Leeds lasses had started up a jokey conversation with the German lads directly in front of them, which seemed to also break the ice with the lads who were sat in front of our group as well, and they turned round and started chatting to us all, in pretty good English.
Polite stuff ensued.....how long were we staying, where we came from, etc.....nothing at all about what we'd all just seen.
The lights slowly went down again and brought the conversation to a halt, and the next act came on.
No introductions, just a guy in boxer shorts holding hands with a naked woman.
They were both physically attractive, but from the outset it was pretty obvious that they were acting, and at various stages of the procedure, for that's what it was, the male seemed quite bored.
She lay back on a massive bean bag and let him go down on her for a while, and then she pulled down his pants and gave him a pretty good blowjob, but their general eroticism rating would score about two out of ten. He was large, I'll admit, but he honestly didn't do anything for me.
They then proceeded to fuck in front of us, fast and hard, soft and slow, loads of positions so that we could see it going in and out, but I was a bit removed from the whole thing, if truth be known.
OK, I'll admit to being fascinated by two things. Firstly, the way his balls really jiggled while he fast fucked her. She was on her side facing us, legs open. He was on his side behind her and so we could see the underside of his penis and his balls.
I never really get the chance to see it all from that angle, and was amazed at the extent to which his balls jiggled around when he got up to full speed. Doesn't that hurt?, I thought to myself, and made a mental note to ask some male friends that question when I got home.
Secondly, his cumshot. My lifelong fascination regarding men, I'll admit.
The first time I saw a guy ejaculate was when I gave my very first handjob.
I'd not seen any porn movies at that time, and had only seen a few "stills" of it in a porn mag. I'd obviously heard about it all from friends, but had never seen a man actually cum.
I was laying by his side on his bed, and was thoroughly into what I was doing, as it was all pretty new to me.
He'd guided me on how to do it correctly, and I was pretty sure that I was doing it right, as he had his eyes tight closed and was breathing heavy.
He suddenly started to buck his hips and I honestly wondered for a split second if I was hurting him. It was immediately apparent, however, that he was rahter enjoying the whole thing, so I speeded up a bit to see what would happen.
He straight away lifted his bottom completely off the bed and suddenly jolted once or twice.
I lay there, wide eyed and mouth open as a huge jet of semen flew out and actually hit the wall above the head of the bed.
It was one of the most incredible things I've ever seen! His cum just kept on flying everywhere, or so it seemed.
From that moment on, a male cumshot has held a deep fascination for me. I'm not really into all the "facial" stuff that the porn industry seems to mainly revolve around, but nevertheless, seeing a man cum is still a marvellous thing, I think. Maybe it's just the raw animal power of the moment, where nature completely takes over for a few short seconds, who knows?
Anyway, the man on stage got up to stand when it was his time to cum and, the professional that she was, she knelt in front of him as he worked his penis, and quietly took it all over her face and chest.
Whether he'd been saving it up for a day or two, or he can produce that amount each time, god only knows. He nevertheless shot an impressive three or four large spurts, which pretty much covered her.
A stage hand entered eventually appeared and gave her a box of tissues.
Although this was really a great novelty for me to see all of this in the flesh, I must admit to being a tad disappointed regarding the lack of eroticism about the whole thing though.
They received a similar round of applause to the vibe lady (not quite the same gusto) and took their bean bag offstage with them.
As they left, three ladies came on from the other side of the stage. Two blondes in pretty bra, pants and stockings, and one fully clothed brunette, all very attractive and aged about mid twenties, I would guess.
The general interest level went up significantly, especially when two stagehands positioned two large, red, circular mattresses side by side, centre stage.
Personally, I think that this interest was down to the fact that:
a) The men in the audience were immediately switched on for some girl on girl action (what man isn't?) and ..
b) the rest of the audience were just curious to see what three girls could get up to, as opposed to just one on one.
Curious anticipation was the general feeling, I would say. I looked across to the others in my group and found that they all looked happy to be there. So far, so good.
It all went quiet as the blondes on stage started to kiss and feel each other for a while, as the brunette watched disapprovingly.
I think it was supposed to signify that the brunette was straight, and also guessed that the blondes were eventually going to convince her otherwise.
After a few minutes of quite erotic interaction between the blondes, the inevitable happened and, after lots of mock protestation, the brunette was undressed until she was complemtely naked.
It was all done rather well, I thought, and they'd got me quite hot by the time they'd stripped her off completely.
She was then played with, while she stood there side on to us, centre stage and legs apart.
She was completely shaven down below and had a really quite gorgeous little body. Not tall, but perfectly made. To my mind, she looked like a dark haired version of Kylie.
I think that pretty much everyone there in the audience, male or female, felt quite a rush when they really started on her. You could have heard a pin drop.
After lots of intimate strokes and kisses, one of the blonde girls knelt down in front of her and, without any mucking about, really clamped her mouth onto the "Kylie's" pussy, while the other girl knelt behind her and began to push her face in between the cheeks of her bum, obviously pushing her tongue right in and using it to great effect. Judging by the speed of the blonde's jaw movement, the brunette was by then getting one hell of a rimming.
They really went at her for a good long while, and boy oh boy, she obviously enjoyed having it done to her!
Now, if that was me up there and having that done, I'd have certainly fainted and fallen over, that's for sure.
Too soon for my liking, they finished with their double mouthing, and gently lay her down on one of the mattresses.
I think she genuinely orgasmed at least two or three times during the next ten minutes or so, as they did various things to her with fingers and tongues, and although they didn't mechanically change positions in order to put on a "show" it seemed so much more arousing to me, as her enjoyment was so clearly genuine.
It certainly got me wet anyway! God knows what this was all doing to the boys at the front!
After the brunette had been thoroughly "initiated" she stood up shakily (cheers and wolf whistles from everyone, particularly the German lads) and left, stage right.
To my surprise, the blonde girls then stood and pointed at two guys in the audience, one being the German lad directly in front of my friend Jane who sat next to me, and beckoned them up on stage.
Jane suddenly took my hand and squeezed tight.
The German lads cheered as the blonde beckoned him up, and he initially refused. Lads being lads, the more he refused, the more they pushed him out of his seat. He ended up almost being carried up to the stage.
This should definitely be interesting, I thought.
"You OK?" I asked Jane. Her face was flushed and red as she watched the proceedings.
She looked across at me and realised that she was squeezing my hand quite hard. She immediately let go.
"Sorry," she almost gasped, "I'm all a-fluster," and fanned herself with her hand.
I knew she was half joking, as she is a very funny woman at work, with a deliciously filthy array of stories that she tells from time to time. A shrinking violet she is not, and one big reason why I chose her as my roommate at the hotel.
Jane and I had known each other for eight years or so, and talked about pretty much everything at work.
We trusted each other with our secrets. She knew, for instance, that I'd been to bed with one or two women in my time, although I'm mainly straight, and it didn't seem to bother her at all.
In fact, she'd confessed to being "curious" herself, and always pressed me for all the sordid details when I'd come to work with a new girlie experience to tell her.
She and I had shared a passionate drunken snog and a bit of a feel once at a firm's Xmas party, but it didn't go any further than that and we soon forgot about the whole thing, blaming the drink.
She was basically a very good friend that I fancied from time to time, and I would like to think that she felt the same way about me, but couldn't admit it.
"Why are you flustered?" I enquired mischeviously.
The German lad was now out of his seat and being walked towards the stage.
"His name's Heinrich," she answered, "we've been chatting quite a bit and now he's going up there for god knows what to happen to him."
I was now quite curious. "You fancy him?" I asked, knowing full well that we both have this certain "thing" for skinny guys. Heinrich was certainly in need of a few square meals.
"Honestly? I think he's gorgeous. Far too young for me, though. But he seems like a really sweet guy and feel for him," came the reply as she looked back at Heinrich as he climbed the steps to the stage.
"He'll be fine," I said, patting her hand in mock comfort and putting on my silly voice. "I think you should cover your eyes though, just in case."
"No way!" she shouted over the raucous cheering coming from his pals.
I laughed and noticed that she was holding my hand again. I followed her gaze to the stage.
Leaning right in towards her, I said "OK, don't cover your eyes then.....but I warn you, they may start doing rude things to him!".
She squeezed my hand again, hard. We both focused our attention onto the stage.
Jane's new found friend Heinrich was quite tall, I noticed as he shuffled towards centre stage.
He looked not a day over eighteen, but was probably twenty or so, judging by the average age of the group he was with.
He looked so vulnerable up there, waiting for the other guy to join him, that I thought he was going to faint or die from sheer embarrassment.
This observation suddenly sent my interest into overdrive. Young Heinrich now had at least two ladies in the second row who were getting slightly more than flustered. I looked along at the other women in our row. Every face a study of total concentration. Personally, I think we were all dying to see what he would get up to.
Finally, the second "victim" had joined him from the left side of the stage, and the blondes proceeded to have fun for a while, walking round them in their thong bikinis, pulling at the waistbands of both boy's jeans and having a good look down, pushing one hand down and having a feel, showing mock surprise to the audience, that sort of thing.
Our skinny friend still looked terrified, but his mates were having a whale of a time. It had been Heinrich's birthday the previous day, Jane told me, and he'd come to Amsterdam for the celebrations. I stayed stony silent about me almost sharing the day with him, as the last thing I would want would be to be dragged up there alongside him.
Suddenly worried, I passed the word along that if anyone gave the game away, I would be out of there like a shot.
I have no objection to others being singled out and, like I've already stated, get a real kick out of their embarrassment, but I'm a total chicken when it comes to someone putting the spotlight on me.
They all nodded that they understood, so I relaxed a bit, and before too long, I was once again engrossed with the spectacle on stage.
The two blondes played around for a while longer, and then whispered something to their chosen lad, and took them off seperately to either side of the stage.
I've since been told by a friend who's "in the know" about such things, that she'd seen a programme on TV about all this stuff, and that they sometimes do this to check their age if they look young, their state of health, find out if they are willing to go ahead with the thing, make sure they're OK with being naked etc, and how far they're willing to go.
Once they're sure that everything is OK, then they try to put them at their ease. A sort of "break the ice" exercise with the guy in question, as it apparently greatly increases the chances of the guy achieving an erection in front of an audience.
If the male in question is more relaxed (or slightly less terrified) they can get it up easier. Whether these girls were doing this offstage, I'll never know, but it makes good sense as it must be a pretty scary experience for any prospective "participant".
Anyway, whatever they were doing, whilst they were off the lights came back up and we drank and chatted a bit more to the now very boisterous but friendly Germans.
Apparently, before we'd arrived, the black lady had chatted to the audience when she first came on, before getting down to play with her toys.
She'd got one of the Germans up on stage to use the vibrator on her for a while, and he'd told her that they had a birthday boy in their group, and had pointed him out.
Consequently, she then gave him his "present" by sitting with her legs dangling over the edge of the stage and giving him a personal show for a while, boobies in face, letting his hands wander, giving him a birthday kiss etc, and then wished him a happy birthday before carrying on with her act.
Heinrich had therefore known that the cat was out of the bag regarding his birthday, and that it was likely that he would be picked on again.
He must have been sitting there in silent terror all that time, poor lad.
The lights suddenly went down again to loud cheers from the front row. Lads are so cruel, sometimes. Hilarious, but cruel all the same. "Heiny....Heiny.....Heiny," they all chanted, as if it was a ball game. I suppose it was in a way, if you're into punning.
The guys were led back on stage by the blondes who were now quite naked (extra cheers) and followed on stage by the gorgeous little brunette, who now wore black stockings, red suspenders and black high heels. No pants, no bra, and looking really quite stunning, it must be said.
The guys were wearing boxer style dressing gowns and, I noticed straight away, they were barefoot. The second guy looked about mid twenties and had shaved his head, as most young guys who thin early tend to do. Great idea, I think. A touch of the Vin Diesels doesn't do any harm at all.
Our lad was bordering on ginger (think young Boris Becker but way skinnier) and was trying his hardest to smile and appear cool.
They were ceremonially turned around one by one to face the other way by the brunette, who then took great pleasure in lifting up the back of each robe to show us their bottoms.
Yes, they were naked underneath those robes and I was turned on as hell.
If only they had little private rooms where we could all go and watch this whilst diddling, life would be perfect, I thought. I was now seriously in need, one might say. The combination of alcohol and the possibility of seeing naked skinny guys was working its magic.
In actual fact, I would have liked to place a bet that nearly everyone, male female or undecided, was as horny as hell at that moment. The place had gradually filled up and the noise was now quite loud, but everyone quietened down significantly when the mattresses were moved into position behind each boy.
The brunette then turned the lads to face towards us, and took up her position behind and in between them.
She slowly bent down bunny style and put a hand under each robe at the back, standing up again to enable her hands to slide under the material and up their legs, ending up with a hand on each bottom. The boys both tried to act cool.
The German lads, like the audience, gradually fell quiet as she then bent slightly, so that she could slip her hands underneath their legs, obviously coming to rest on their balls. Slight movement of her hands back and forth, as she stroked, she had a nice taut set in each hand, no doubt.
Heiny's robe was defintely sticking out quite a way at the front, so I was positive he was up for it. The other guy showed no obvious signs.
The blondes moved in and got the lads to open their legs a bit, allowing their colleague more access, and she responded by playing gently with them for a while, sliding her hands slowly back and forth across their balls, possibly along their shafts and back under their balls again.
Heiny now had his eyes closed and was looking a bit serious.
She then withdrew her hands and stood straight again, motioning for us to applaud. We did, and immediately the "Heiny" chanting started up again.
Unbeknown to the lads on stage, the two naked blondes had by now got on to one of the mattresses behind them, and were being very nice to each other. They looked lovely, it must be said. I would have gladly got in between them and was, by now, now tiddly enough to do so if someone had asked. Beautiful girls, beautiful bodies.
What really got the audience's interest though, was the return of the large black lady to the stage. She came on behind the boys so they couldn't see her, and had her finger up to her mouth as if to "Shhhh" us. It was a bit like naked Panto.
She wore a dressing gown, which she took off when she reached her mattress.
She was also quite nude, and lay herself down, supporting her head with pillows so she could see us. She then opened her legs wide and used one hand to "open up" and show off that clit again. She was further away this time, but it was still clearly visible, all the same.
The brunette then walked around and behind Heiny's fellow victim, reached her hands around his stomach and undid the belt of his robe.
In one swift movement, she then pulled off his dressing gown and left him standing there in all his glory, although he was still only semi excited. He quickly put his hand over his bits.
A big cheer rose from the audience, mainly from the women. The Leeds contingent were really getting into it, and so were we.
She then moved to Heiny and he looked terrified again. His dreaded moment had arrived.
I patted Jane's hand and she gave me a quick squeeze of acknowledgment. Our moment had also arrived.
Again, the brunette undid the belt, but as she did so, the garment sort of parted to each side as Heiny's erect penis pushed through, to an even louder cheer from us girls.
He was definitely ready, and quite a big boy.
She pulled off his robe and left him standing there, all cock and no body, or so it seemed.
He made no attempt to cover himself for a few seconds, but then embarrassment got the better of him and he used both hands to push it downwards and sort of out of sight.
I don't know what got into me at that moment, but I was so worked up that I just had to share it with someone, god knows why! Probably the drink again. God, I was horny.
As Jane sat engrossed with Heiny and his erection, I leant in, squeezed her hand and whispered "I don't know about you, but I know what I'm going to be doing when I get back to that hotel!"
As soon as I'd said it I was afraid that she'd taken it the wrong way, but she leant right back into me and whispered "Same here!"
My heart was racing now. In for a penny, in for a pound, I thought.
I leant in again. "Maybe we can diddle each other, if you like." More a statement than a question.
"Oh god, yes," she whispered back, and said something about keeping it from the others. I nodded straight away and we instinctively held hands properly for a short while, giving each other little squeezes now and then to affirm our new found intimacy.
It was now very loud in our "girlie" row, and we were certainly making more noise than the boys as I tried to get my mind off Jane and our forthcoming liaison.
The brunette had by then stepped forward between the lads, and was motioning for them to put their hands by their sides.
When they'd finally plucked up the courage and had done so, she proceeded to simultaneously give each one a slow wank for a short while.
Heiny covered his face with his hands as he was wanked, causing his mates to cheer.
The second guy pretty soon had a full hard on, and it looked really nice. Thick and muscly looking but not too long. Nothing to be ashamed of at all, I reckoned.
I couldn't get over Heiny though, and I bet his mates were somewhat impressed by his size.
There's something about skinny men and erections, I think. If it's a big one, and thick, it almost seems to take over the whole scene if it's protruding from a skinny frame.
It certainly proves the old addage I was once told, which was "Big man big cock, small man ALL cock."
I would guess that young Heiny was approaching six feet tall, but weighed about nine stone (126lb) when he was dripping wet. He had no muscle mass to speak of, skinny arms and legs, no chest, tiny waist and yet had this perfect, full sized, thick and throbbing man's penis almost taking him off balance.
Add that to his embarrassed bright red face and his nervous shuffling, you couldn't have found a better candidate to turn me on. Motherly and full of concern for him and what he was about to go through, yet really turned on by his discomfort and a naughty urge to see him getting the full works.
The brunette lady stopped wanking the lads and signalled for us to all quieten us down, as the performance was about to start.
When we were quiet, she took Heiny by the hand and spoke to us in English, and then German. I think he understood the English, as he went even redder if that were possible, as she spoke.
"We have a birthday boy (cheers) and so he gets to choose. In a moment I will turn him around so he can make the choice of which bed he goes to." She looked at him and mouthed "OK?"
He nodded.
She turned him around and he burst out laughing. On one mattress, the two blondes were wrapped round each other, beckoning him over.
On the other, the black lady was using both hands to open her pussy as wide as possible for him. She was obviously going for the laughter factor.
Surprisingly, really quite surprisingy, he pointed at the black lady almost straight away.
Personally, I was glad, as the lady had been brave to put herself up against the others, and I would imagine that she usually ended up as second choice each time.
She got up and ran around with her hands in the air in mock victory. The audience laughed and cheered. Boy, did she have a great sense of humour.
She came across and hugged him, and they stood hand in hand as the stage assistants dragged her mattress to the very front of the stage, right in front of his us.
Heiny, it seemed, would very soon be fucking or whatever with his partner, within touching distance of his mates. What's more, us girls in the second row would also have an excellent view!
The other guy was over the moon with the situation, and his two playmates took his hand as his mattress was pulled over to the right hand side of the stage.
In the end I didn't really see much, or pay much attention to, what happened over there between him and the two blondes, but every time I did flick a look, it appeared that he was having a pretty good time. They were all over him, and how he managed to last so long without cumming I'll never know, considering some of the things they were doing to him.
I made a point of not missing the cumshot though.
He was wearing a condom, but gave a pre arranged signal that he was going to cum and they whipped it off him so the audience could watch.
One girl stood at his side and wanked him nice and steady, whilst running her other hand up slowly and down the crack of his tight little bum.
The second lady was obviously the "target" and was knelt in front of him, using both hands to cup and stroke his balls, as her friend kept on with the smooth, steady strokes.
It was all quite mesmerising, actually, and quite beautiful in its own way.
They really knew what they were doing and the guy must have been in heaven, judging by his facial expressions. Rythmic strokes, balls tickled, bum explored, he was certainly not going to last too long.
Pretty soon the signs became pretty obvious that he was nearing orgasm, and so the stroke rate was increased and his erection duly pointed downwards towards his target.
Her other hand was now pushed in between his cheeks, probably in an attempt to hold him still or to insert one of her fingers, and within seconds he was there, swaying and bucking unsteadily as he was wanked off onto the waiting breasts.
The girl seemed to instinctively change speed at the moment of orgasm, quickly matching her tight forward stroke to coincide perfectly with each spurt of his semen, gradually slowing down as his flow diminished, but making sure that her friend received every last drop.
Finally, she just held him in position until he recovered, her hand dead still but really squeezing his shaft and letting him push in and out as his final convulsions dictated.
All in all, a very impressive cumshot although I'm not surprised, seeing as he was being dealt with by quite an obvious expert. Quite a massive thrill for me to watch it, I must say.
Our boy, in the meantime, was going for his second by then, as he'd already cum in the black lady's face by that stage!
It had all happened so quickly, I would have missed it if I were not putting every ounce of concentration into watching them at the time!
She had only just started being seriously naughty with him, after a few minutes of preliminary cock play and then letting him play with that clit of hers. By the attention he was giving it, he obviously found it as fascinating as I did, and up real close to us now, it was like a tiny, perfect little penis. Yes, I've seen one or two on film nearly as big as that, but not actually in the flesh. Wonderful.
She'd put a condom on him as soon as they got to the serious stuff, and had knelt on the mattress in front of him, with both of them now side on to their audience.
She then started giving him what must have been a really nice blowjob. It certainly looked very sensuous.....slow and full, with her sucking it deep into her mouth and out again while she cupped his balls.
She had been doing so for no more than a minute or so, when he suddenly pulled out and whipped off the condom. Sixty seconds or so of sucking at the most, I was sure that this blowjob was not intended to bring him to orgasm, but was merely a visually naughty prelude for the audience, before getting down to the serious fuck action.
For a split second she looked a bit surprised when he pulled out, as if she'd hurt him, but soon realised what was going to happen and attempted to get into position.
Well, I say "attempted" because at that precise moment he jerked his hips and produced his first cum spurt, which shot straight into her face at very close range. I found myself screaming and clapping along with the other ladies in my row.
She actually jumped with the sheer force of her surprise facial, and just about got her hand onto his penis in time for the second wave, which she directed down onto her huge breasts. I think this was where it was ALL supposed to go.
It was obvious that she'd really worked him up, as she then managed to extract one heck of a load more out of him before he'd finished, and she eventually ended up with both tits totally covered and one eye completely closed with cum. She beamed up at him throughout, and when he'd finally finished, she mouthed something that made him laugh. I'd like to think it was "Happy Birthday."
The brunette soon appeared with a box of wipes and Heiny proved himself a real sweetie by helping her clean up her face.
It was as if he was sort of embarrassed for making such a mess on her. He was obviously a very nice lad at heart, and they definitely had their own little "bond" going on up there on stage. Maybe that's why he chose her? The safe option who wouldn't humiliate him? Who knows. He got a raucous cheer from us, anyway. He knew he'd done well, even though he'd shot his bolt way too soon.
He eventually knelt down beside her and they whispered loads between themselves, then sat cross legged and watched the other live act for a while.
I did notice, however, that she was quietly playing with balls as they watched, so had a sneaking feeling that she wanted him to go again and, knowing how young men are, he probably would. I hoped so, anyway.
Jane and I looked at each other and expressed our surprise at how well he'd done, but we also had that look that silently acknowledged that we couldn't wait to get back to the hotel.
She then made me jump by suddenly flicking her tongue at me, with her back to the others of course, obviously indicating that she would be happy if more than fingers were involved during our forthcoming fun session. I opened my eyes wide and nodded slowly. I turned my gaze back to the stage, mind reeling and heart racing again.
She leant into me and whispered "did you bring anything with you?"
I shook my head. Terrified of Airport security, the last thing I wanted was to have a sex toy come up on the Xray.
She leant in again. "I've got my pocket rocket in my handbag."
I showed my arousal by moving her hand down on to my leg. She gripped onto my thigh, and I moved my hips forward and back slightly, but not too obvious as to be seen by the others. I wanted her and showed it.
"Jane," I quietly said all matter of fact and keeping a dead straight face, "Do you realise, that in about an hour from now, you will be cumming hard while I suck on your clit?"
She looked at me, closed her eyes and then moved her hand slightly further up my thigh, then turned her head back towards the stage.
We immediately noticed that the brunette had gone over to Heiny and had bent down beside him, seemingly in order to have a quiet word. He was doing lots of nodding as she whispered in his ear.
She had her back to the audience when she bent over, so her backside was now fully on display and we could see everything. The German lads were getting a real eyeful.
Heiny then got himself up and stood on the mattress, turning to face away from the audience in the process. Now it was our turn to see a perfect bum.
Lots of "blonde" action was going on at the time over to the right of the stage, but I found myself drawn back to what was happening with our boy, as the brunette had now moved round to face him, squatting down so his penis was close up to her face.
The brunette was now obviously playing with him, slowly masturbating him and sucking him as he stood there with his hands on his hips, his tight little bottom slowly moving in and out towards her. His head faced downwards, as he was presumably watching what she was doing.
She was maybe making sure that he could get up again without the audience knowing too much about it, and judging by the increasing speed of her movements, he was now getting quite expert attention.
The black lady meanwhile, sat more or less behind him, partially obscuring the view.
She leant around and had a good look from time to time, and occasionally slid her hand underneath his bum in order to play with his balls, but she was obviously there primarily to shield him from view, just in case nothing hapened, I would like to think.
The brunette was now looking up at him and saying something to him, as he was nodding his head again in response.
He then helped her up onto her feet, whereupon she took his hands and turned him towards us, motioning for us to appaud again. He had a full hard on once again, and blushed as he was made to stand there for a while with it pointing towards the audience.
I think I actually wolf whistled, as I was so pleased for him. I heard the black lady say "good boy" to him, and she gave his penis a friendly twang, before taking up the position in which she chose to be fucked.
The brunette reached inside her stocking top and produced a condom, which she ceremonially fitted while we clapped and whistled.
This time, there were no preliminaries. With condom in place and a parting pat on the bottom from the brunette, Heiny looked down at the black lady who was on all fours in front of him, her really quite large backside open and ready.
Basically, he was in her like a shot, and it initially looked so funny to see his tiny little white bum being almost engulfed by that big black bottom, as he found her entrance and slowly pushed himself into her.
Once he was properly in, he fucked her slowly for a few strokes, but then decided to really go for it.
He soon had a hand gripping hard onto each large cheek of that magnificent rear , and was slamming into her, fully in and out as fast as he could go.
The slapping sound was clearly audible on each thrust and, as his hips made hard contact with her arse, her breasts jiggled and swung like crazy. It was definitely a sight to behold, and not for the faint hearted. Every woman craves a fast and furious fuck from time to time, and this lady was certainly getting the full treatment.
She'd gone pretty quiet as soon as he started pounding, and now had her eyes closed. Her mouth was partly open in a sort of silent snarl, and I reckoned she was not far from orgasm.
She then came hard as he kept up his rythym, and maybe had a second one soon after that, but it was hard to tell, as the force of his fucking was causing her to bounce and groan all over the place. Both of them now were drenched in sweat and obviously lost in their own world.
Naturally, Heiny lasted a lot longer this second around, and over the course of their marathon fuck she let him have a little breather now and again, and changed position from time to time.
Once again, I saw someone's balls really jiggle, as they proceeded to sideways fuck right in front of us. It obviously can't be that painful, as men wouldn't keep doing it.
They had a rest in this sideways position as the other cumshot took place with the blondes, and it was really fascinating to study
the underside of Heiny's cock disappearing into her pussy, but with no movement while they politely waited for the other guy to be wanked off.
When his fellow victim had finished cumming, the black lady decided to get back into action and began to move her hips back and forth in this sideways fuck, drawing Heiny's penis right into her. He soon got the message and began to fuck her hard again, while she got to work with her hand on that clit and pretty soon seemed to cum again, as there were definitely a few good shudders, just like the ones when she'd cum with the dildo.
As she came, he probably felt her tighten around him and knew that his own train was about to arrive, and as she shuddered, he seemed to speed up all of a sudden and then jerked quite hard several times, ramming his penis in to the hilt on each convulsion. So far in, in fact, that only his balls were visible during his orgasm, both flexing and pumping slightly, in perfect time with each spurt deep up inside her.
He finally came to rest with his cock still right up there, his now fully tightened balls seemingly trying to get up there as well. They lay there quietly for a while, her hand reaching behind her head to stroke his hair.
When he finally pulled out, his condom was absolutely full with cum. Boy, that lad could produce!
The other guy then had a bit of work carried out on him to see if he could go again, and after one hell of a lot of sucking, he did manage a second, although he'd obviously drained himself pretty dry the first time around. To be honest, by that stage of the proceedings, I was so worked up that my mind had moved on to the hotel and I was trying to find an excuse for Jane and I to leave.
The lads were given back their boxer robes to wear, and received a standing ovation from us when they stood and took their bows.
As the lights came up and the boys exited stage left, the drinks girls arrived to take orders, so I guessed that we were in for a bit of a wait before the next show. As I said, I was really ready for some action and nudged Jane, raising my eyebrows as she looked at me. She smiled sheepishly and turned to the others.
"I don't know about you, but I'm bushed," she said, "I think I'll get a taxi back and have a little siesta, if that's OK."
My heart skipped a beat.
"Are you not enjoying it?" Jenny asked, "we could go somewhere else if you like."
I felt a mild panic attack coming on. This could all go horribly wrong.
"I'm having a great time, but I'm really knackered and just need a sleep," replied Jane.
I decided to pipe up.
"I'll come back with you, save you going on your own."
"Are you sure, Sue? I wouldn't want to ruin your fun," said Jane, quietly pressing her leg into mine.
"No problem, I've seen enough and could do with a nap myself," I quickly replied, before my nerve failed me.
It was agreed, thank god, and the group didn't seem to think anything was out of the ordinary. We said our quick goodbyes and got our jackets from the pile.
Outside, the fresh air hit us in a cooling wave as we stepped onto the street. Strange to find that it was still daylight out here. It was a bit like that feeling when one comes out of the cinema after seeing a matinee performance, although we'd seen a lot more than that over the past hour or so.
The rain was now easing off, so we ran to the busy road junction and went to hail a cab. Jane suddenly grabbed my arm.
"Let's walk," she said, a glint in her eye. "I want to buy us a present from that shop over there."
I looked over the road at the shop opposite, and saw that it sold the usual porn, but also had a big display of toys in the window. I got the message.
"Is it a big present?" I asked, trying unsuccessfully to hold back a smile.
"As big as you want," she replied, hurrying across the road.
Inside the shop, two male customers stood and watched as we made our selection, remembering to buy the appropriate batteries to go with it. We went halves on the money, and quickly left before the leering guys plucked up too much courage. Jane set off at a pace. It was now my turn to grab her arm.
"There's a taxi," I pointed out, "much quicker than walking!"
We ran over to the cab, arm in arm and giggling like hell...