"We made this mistake before" I said, "and ended up leaving after a day!"
Could you not remember the fiasco that was the 'No Children' resort? We had decided we needed a break when our children were still young. It did not say 'Over 60's only' or 'wheelchair archery every afternoon' but it really should have!
Now you have booked us a long weekend at an Adults Only resort, and I was pretty pissed. I could think of far better things to do with a few days away.
You replied that "This is not the same thing at all. Just trust me and don't book anything else for that weekend."
Unconvinced, but prepared to give you the benefit of the doubt, I changed the subject and got dinner ready. Then it was the usual weekday routine -- catch up on the computer, shower, and chill to the latest TV series we had been watching. It is a good way to wind down at the end of a busy day but it's a shame we are both always so tired in the week. Once again, I can think better things to be doing, if only we could keep our eyes open.
That was a few weeks ago and now it's here. We both finished work on Thursday, packed simply for the weekend, and settled in for that same routine.
... Friday ...
We set off early on Friday, while the roads are still quiet, and head for the coast. We don't even like beach holidays, but you promised that there's plenty to do in the area, once we have had enough of people watching by the sea. Again, I trust you but am not totally convinced by the idea.
A few stops later, to take pictures and walk around a bit, and I see it is already late afternoon. "Nearly there" you say, as we stop a few hours later at a small general store by the side of the road. We buy some essentials including milk and bread (is it going to snow?) and the bare necessities. With these and what we brought with us, we have the basics to survive and, you say, we'll probably eat out more than in.
As we approach the "resort" there is a sign directing down a track that is not even a well-made road. I hope this isn't going to be a run-down dump, or that you think you're getting me camping! Going over a hill, though, I see some individual beach "houses". They're too large to be called huts, but it's obvious they are little more than the simplest accommodation. Following signs, you take us to "Chalet 6" and park at the back. Taking our bags and groceries in, we find a surprisingly well-appointed bedroom with great views of the beach and ocean. There is a bathroom attached to it with a shower, a separate loo, and a door to outside. Exploring further, the door is to an outdoor shower. This seems a good idea, to not get sand in the main bathroom, coming back from the beach.
The living room contains two comfortable looking sofas, a small TV, some bookshelves with a few books and games, and a fireplace ready for a real log fire. To one side there is a functional kitchen area, but we won't be able to do much more than very basic cooking as it is small and has only two electric rings and a microwave. Everything is clean and tidy though. The view from the living room and bedroom are of the beach maybe fifty feet away, and then the ocean. Sunrise should be impressive here! With floor-to-ceiling windows in both these rooms, that open right up too, this is starting to look like somewhere we can relax at least.
We unpack and I make a cup of tea. It's a good thing we brought our own! A couple of brochures are on the counter in the kitchen. You grab one and I look at the other. "Resort Amenities" it says, sounding slightly too enthusiastic about itself. I assume you're reading the same things so I just glance through it. "Onsite restaurant, Private beach, convenience store, beach-side bar, ...". Also, some warnings about there being no lifeguards and that the site is "off the beaten track".
You walk through to the bedroom still reading the other brochure, saying you're going to shower after all the driving. I sit and watch the ocean and almost fall asleep.
When you come back, you're dressed in light trousers and a loose shirt, with a lot of buttons undone. "What do you fancy to eat tonight?" you ask. "The bar will be closed but there's a restaurant. Fancy trying that?"
I am more tired than hungry but would be game to try it. You look at me and suggest getting something as take-out. I pick something from the menu, and you collect it. By the time we have eaten, and I have showered, I'm ready to sleep, so we get an early night. It isn't long before your touch wakes me up, and then makes me even more tired. A good start to the weekend! I go to the bathroom and come back to bed. I am asleep before you get back in bed and I'm pretty sure we both slept right through. Either way, we wake up to find the sun streaming into the bedroom from across the ocean and over the beach. It's a beautiful morning!
... Saturday morning ...
"Did you know we slept with the curtains open?" I ask. "It's a good job nobody was passing last night while we were at it."
"I doubt anyone would be, but we wouldn't have known if they had." you reply, with a dirty grin and wink. "Maybe tonight we'll get lucky." With an even bigger grin. "So, do you fancy a little relaxation on the beach this morning?"
We agree on breakfast first, so I make tea and you make toast. We sit and eat looking out across the beach. Although it is close, some low dunes and shrubs narrow the view, so we really don't see much of the sand. That makes it even more unexpected when I see the first other person since we arrived, strolling past. She is wearing a broad-brimmed straw hat, presumably to keep the sun out of her eyes, and sunglasses, but that is all she is wearing!
I look at you and ask if you saw what I did. Teasing again you reply that you could hardly miss it. "Do you want to go sit on the beach now" you ask. I wonder why!
You put cups and plates in the sink, grab a blanket and our sunglasses, take my hand, and lead me outside. It's a good job I put on a long shirt, or I'd be naked apart from panties. I am surprised you go out with only your light trousers again. When you said to pack light, I did not think you meant only one set of clothes.
Walking past the shrubs, we see that all the chalets are similarly placed. Set only a short way back from the beach, with small dunes and some shrubs, as the sand slopes quite steeply down to the ocean. A sign says, "Private Beach -- for residents only." Another underneath says, "Clothing is optional -- respect is not."
Stopping in my tracks I ask, "Where have you brought me?!"
"Exactly where I told you. An Adults Only resort by the beach, with on-site amenities and a laid-back atmosphere." Yes, that is how you described it, but I should have known you were holding some details back. If it had not taken my mind back to a previous occasion, I would probably have thought about it some more and asked questions. With hindsight, I think you did that deliberately.
Pulling me by the hand, you bring us to the edge of the dunes. From here I can see the beach in either direction, where a few of the other residents are already enjoying the sun. Some are laying or sitting with skimpy costumes on. Others are taking the "optional" option. Everyone seems totally relaxed about it. I guess that's the "laid-back atmosphere" then.
I tell you that I am not going out on the beach like that. You put the blanket down and lay down yourself, patting the space next to you. "You are wearing much more than anyone else is so, if you don't want to stand out, I suggest you sit down. We can just sit and enjoy a bit of a rest before we go exploring."
I can't argue with the logic, not that logic has much to do with this. I see the couple from two chalets over are looking our way so sitting down seems the best option. It is a warm morning but not too hot, and the gentle breeze off the ocean feels great. I lay down on my front, to be less conspicuous, and start people watching.
There are couples and people on their own, of varying ages but mostly I would guess in their forties plus. It can be very difficult to judge ages at the best of times, and current circumstances don't help. There are people chatting, or seemingly sleeping, or sitting with a book, or sipping a drink which I hope is water given the early hour. Nobody staring at me. Or at anyone else for that matter. Apparently, everyone is quite used to this, and just enjoying the freedom and rest. The warm sun, breeze, and the sound of the ocean waves IS very relaxing.
"You need to be careful not to burn." you say. I think you may just have woken me up, or maybe I had just drifted off in my own thoughts. You pull some sunblock from your pocket -- obviously prepared -- and offer to put some on me. My legs are uncovered so you start there. Once done, though, you lift the back of my shirt and start working upwards. "You'll still burn through that." When you reach my butt, you carry on up my back but, when the shirt stops you, you start to pull it down off my shoulder and down my arm. In response to a mild objection, you explain that you have no other way to put the cream on without ruining the shirt. I assist, keeping myself firmly on the blanket, and let you put cream on my back, neck, and arms. Then you put some on yourself and sit back down.
"What about your back?" I tease, before thinking it fully through. I would have to do that for you.
"I would love you to put some on my back, but I can just stay sat with my back away from the sun, so you don't have to move." I had not expected you to be so reasonable until I saw that you were alternately looking at me stretched out for your pleasure, and out across the beach. To be fair, you were mostly looking at me and I could hardly blame you for looking around. This is not something we are used to. A short while later you ask, "If you feel like your back is getting too hot, roll over and I'll put some on your front?"
I say nothing and you don't say any more either, just letting the idea run through my mind for a while. With my chin on my arms, I'm looking around the beach. I suppose it's because nobody else is making a fuss, but I gradually get used to being like this. If I'm totally honest with myself, this really is more comfortable than wearing too much in the sun. It's easy to relax. After a while I lift myself up on my elbows to get a better view and see if anyone takes any notice. Apart from our nearest neighbors, still the couple from two chalets down, nobody moves. The wife, I assume, nudges her husband, and they both wave then go back to chatting with each other. I wave back but am not sure they notice as I took too long to respond. I hope they don't think I was ignoring them -- I don't want to be rude.
I would guess they're both in their early fifties but who knows?! Certainly, they're no spring chickens but have obviously kept themselves in shape. He is sitting with his back to us, and she is facing him at an angle, so they're both still looking out across the beach.
"OK, you can put some cream on my front now please." I tell you and, before you can make a quip, I roll over on my back. With my head towards the beach, I can see back up the slope to our chalet. I don't get to see much more though as you are quick to start massaging the sun cream on my arms, then across my chest (lingering more that needed!), and down my belly and legs. I'm pleased I put some nice panties on this morning as I hadn't expected to be seen like this. Nothing too fancy but more coverage than some of the bikinis on display here.
Having got me all covered, and slightly turned on, you lay down yourself, this time on your side so you can slide off your trousers. "It's only fair" you say, "that we both get comfortable." as you roll on to your front. "I may need you to put some cream on my back though."
At this point I know I won't be showing any more by sitting up, and I would quite like to oil you up, so I do just that. It doesn't take very long. I'm not sure why it took you so much time to do me, I think, grinning to myself. As I finish, I see our neighbors both looking our way, so I wave again, trying to make up for not doing so earlier. They wave back but, this time, keep looking our way. I sit back away from you and turn away from them. I don't want to seem too friendly or interested!
After a few minutes I look back their way. They are not staring but they do look over now and again. Before I get too concerned that they might come this way, you suggest we head back in and go for an explore. I am surprised to find that I'm torn between doing that and staying here. Funny how quickly you can get used to something! It would be nice to go see the area though, so I agree. I watch you stand up and am tempted to explore you instead of the local area, but that can wait. I stand up and grab the sunblock bottle. Before I get to it, you pick up my shirt, along with your trousers and the blanket, and we turn to walk back up to the chalet. As we turn, our neighbors smile and wave again, so we both wave back, before strolling up the slope.
... Saturday afternoon and evening ...
The "local" town is fifteen minutes away but has some nice little shops to look around and a couple of restaurants. It's a good way to walk up an appetite and ponder the morning. We grab a coffee and sarnie lunch, and head back to the chalet. On the way back you finally ask, "So what do you think of the place?"
"It's not what I was expecting, but it seems OK. The chalet is nice for a short stay, and the other residents seem friendly enough. Did you know what it was going to be like?"
You confess that you had some idea but no details. You were hoping I would enjoy a complete change. We discussed what we might do for the rest of the afternoon and evening, agreeing that we would eat at the resort's restaurant tonight, then maybe take a walk along the beach after the sun goes down, and get an early night as we are both still winding down.
We both shower and change into something comfortable for dining and walking. This amounts to the same light trousers and a clean shirt for you, and you pick me an outfit from what I brought. I am in a semi-transparent dress with a sexy underwear combo underneath. In the right light, the underwear is clearly visible so, I am pleased again that I decided to bring nice undies.
The restaurant turns out to be much nicer than expected. Not fancy but more date night than quick meal. All the booths were private with subdued lighting, and the background music was just enough to keep conversation discrete. A few simple menu options but, if everything was as good as our choices tonight, all excellently prepared. We decide to eat here again tomorrow too.
As are leaving, we spot two things. First was that the clothing optional thing extended to the restaurant too, although people were being discrete about it at least until seated. Second, our fellow residents from this morning were also eating there tonight. As we passed their booth they say genuine sounding hellos, welcome us to the resort, and hope we are enjoying the stay. We have a quick chat -- trying not to seem rude but also not wishing to intrude. They invited us to come over and talk more tomorrow morning if we are sunbathing again. We said we had no definite plans but would love to chat some more if we were there at the same time.
Back at the chalet, I take a shower and am in the process of dressing casually when, suddenly, the door to the outside shower opens. I'm relieved it's you, but you did give me a fright! "What were you doing out there?"
A little defensively, you say "I'm sorry I scared you. That wasn't the idea. I needed a shower too, so I used the outside one."
"Was there anyone walking by?" I asked.
"Not that I saw but who knows. Not that it matters. This is clothing optional, remember."
It's a good thing we did not eat too much for dinner as it turned out we are both feeling horny! It's not so early when we finally go to sleep and, again, we sleep soundly through the night. I think the sound of the ocean helps, but relaxing and good sex lead to better sleep.
... Sunday morning ...
I wake up first and make us mugs of tea. Planning for the morning, I make sure to wear nicer underwear again, and put on a long shirt. Changing my mind, I take my bra off realizing I am more comfortable that way anyway and would probably end up carrying it later. I wake you up with the tea and a gentle nudge, knowing you're not happy if woken abruptly!
You start to talk about plans for the day, but I remind you that this is a holiday, and we can make it up as we go along. By way of a fancier breakfast, we have boiled eggs and soldiers then head out to the beach again. It seems incredible that we don't get out until gone 10:00. We never get to be this relaxed at home. I am happy we came away and am warming to the location.
When we lay down on the blanket again, our new 'friends' are not around. We may have missed them since we got up so late. Still, it's fun to lay and people watch again. We put sun block on each other and, with nobody so close as before, I'm not feeling so self-conscious. I wake up, laying on my back in the sun, hearing talking. You are chatting with the neighbors a little way off. It feels good to be so relaxed but then I remember I'm lying in only my panties, and you're talking with strangers only a few feet away!
I lie still hoping they will go away. Just as I think they're fooled by my sunglasses, she says "Hi there" in a conversational way. So much for them going away. "Oh, Hi!" I reply and sit up attempting to cover myself a little, by hunching up my knees.
Turning to me, you speak up. "We were discussing the fact that we're new to this and not really sure of anything. Stephanie and Michael have been coming here several times a year for quite a while now."
"Four years. And call me Steph. And Mike. Everyone calls us Steph and Mike." Steph talks quite fast and strikes me as someone that likes to talk quite a lot, while Mike is happy to let her. A little like us really. "We thought you were new as you seem to be making a few newbie mistakes. Please don't take offence! Everyone does when they're new to Clothing Optional. We certainly did, didn't we Mike? But you'll get the hang of it. Why don't you come over and have dinner with us and we'll share some tips? We're doing something Chinese with chicken. Do you like chicken? Or we can get some takeout from the restaurant -- they do all sorts. We could eat there too but it's easier to talk at the chalet. Normally we cook but not while we're here as we want to rest. How about ..."
"Sure!" I think I said that just to get a word in, more than wanting to eat anywhere other than the restaurant again.
"Sorry?" said the slightly flustered Steph.
"I said Sure, we'd love to chat more over dinner. We could to with some help. What can we bring?"
... Sunday afternoon ...
Back in our chalet a short while later, we are discussing what to ask tonight. It's difficult to know what to ask since we don't know what we don't know. We give up on that and try to decide what to wear. We had agreed to take some wine, as we had bought some for tonight and tomorrow anyway. We will pick up our pre-ordered dinners from the restaurant. You said it was the least we can do since they're giving up some of their vacation time just to help a couple of newbies.
Steph and Mike know we're new, so we decided to stick with what we had been wearing on the beach. It felt suitably daring for us but should not offend anyone. My long shirt is not transparent but doesn't hide much either. and at least reaches to below my panties. I think our experience so far has made us bold!
... Sunday evening ...
After a lazy afternoon we shower, gather our things together, and leave for the restaurant at 5:30. We are expected at our neighbors' at 6:00 but neither of us likes to be late. Your shirt isn't as see-through as mine but doesn't cover your briefs. Although not the briefest you have, they do show more than you normally would. The only thing you're missing is the undone bowtie, but I approve of the outfit anyway. We walk holding hands and chattering slightly nervously.
The food is ready just as we get to the restaurant and is piping hot. Two different pizzas and a selection of sides was what everyone agreed on. Simple and comforting. Steph said she'd prepare a salad too, but I think we'll be calling this our cheat night.
We arrive at their chalet fifteen minutes early, not wanting to let the pizzas go cold. The door opens as we approach, so they either guessed we would be early or were watching for us to turn up. Steph greets us in little more than a smile although technically wearing a thong -- it might as well not be there. She hugs me, which I would normally be fine with but am not sure where to put my hands. Then she hugs you which is not your thing at the best of times. I think you are grateful to be carrying food to keep some distance and cut the hug short. You certainly look a little flushed as you walk past towards the living room. Steph grabs my arm and walks me through too, following behind you. I'm still admiring your butt and realize Steph is too. Can't blame her really.
In the living room Mike is putting plates, cutlery, and cloth napkins out on the table. I think they are trying to impress the foreign visitors! He is a little taller than you and rounder faced, but there are more similarities than differences. He, too, is only wearing "briefs" although I think it would also be called a thong. I feel a little over-dressed now but they say nothing about it. I sit down at the glass-topped dining table, and you sit to my right. Mike sits opposite me and Steph by his side, facing you. There is no formality now -- we all just dig in. I think everyone is finding eating easier than talking. I find I am rather hungry too, having got a whiff of the pizza.
Their chalet is similarly furnished to ours but has that dining table with four chairs, and only one three-seater sofa. They have a couple of large beanbags and a slightly larger TV. I comment on the differences and Steph explains that it's a perk of being a regular that they get to choose which chalet they get, provided it's available. They know which are furnished to their liking so mostly take this one -- chalet 8. "They are all furnished individually. Never have 7 though" she says, "because the parking at the back stays boggy for a long time after even a light shower, and the view of the beach is obscured by those larger shrubs."
Steph talks with her arms, or rather her whole body, a little like me. You reply that "We will remember that." Obviously, you're thinking of coming back then. I'm warming up to the idea too. "So, what else should we know? I'm sure there's a lot we're missing."
I see Mike try to answer but then rolls his eyes as Steph jumps on the question. I think she has just been waiting for an opening, and he knows that nobody else will be talking for a while.
"I'm sure you know it's clothing optional almost everywhere on site. There are a couple of places where they do like you to be at least partly covered. When entering or leaving the restaurant, and when in the house on the hill. In the restaurant, some folks stay partly covered. Others just strip right down. That's entirely up to you. I can be a messy eater and it's easier to wash skin than clothes, so I normally don't wear a stich. Mike tends to wear shorts out of [with air quotes] 'modesty'. At staff always wear something down below but that's so you know who they are. They have the 'toxic waste' green [air quotes again] trunks or briefs. They're not sexy but it does make them stand out. [with a knowing wink] If you know what I mean. Sex in public is frowned upon but it happens, especially out in the dunes. It's safe to swim in the ocean here but there are no lifeguards, and the nearest hospital is the other side of town. That reminds me -- outside main season at least, some parts of town also tolerate the clothing optional scene. So long as you don't make a scene. If you know what I mean [again, with a knowing wink]. JT, he's the owner, comes out from a stroll occasionally and, if you're friendly, he buys everyone drinks at the bar. He's nice, and can tell some tales of this place, so watch out for him. Folks are mostly friendly and decent, but every now and then you get a bad apple. They don't get allowed back though, so don't be one of [air quotes] 'Those People'. We only once saw someone asked to leave but it turns out, [stage whisper] they were here to hide from the law. There's nearly never anything that exciting. Sometimes there's a volleyball competition on the beach, or a party around someone's chalet, or someone starts some fun game. Really, it's like a big village. Except there are no kids. Which is great! And it's like Vegas. Which is also great! You're not saying much. Am I going on? I have a habit of doing that. Mike, make me stop, or our guests will think OUCH! [Mike had reached over and tweaked her right nipple rather hard] You didn't have to do that! But you can do it again when I've finished eating [winks]."
"Well, honey, you did ask me to stop you. I was concerned you might not take a breath and we would have had to resuscitate you!" Mike said this playfully, but Steph did stop and pick up a second slice of pizza. She had said something about being a messy eater. With all her arm waving, it's amazing she didn't make more mess. I dare not say anything though or you will remind me that I also can't talk without my hands.
I am slightly overwhelmed so say "That's a lot to process. I'm not sure where to start."
You are quiet but I see you are looking at Steph's boobs, so I elbow you gently.
"What was that for?" you say, sounding hurt. Maybe I wasn't as gentle as I intended. I throw a sideways glance at Steph and see why you were distracted.
I look straight at Mike, trying not to stare too, and say "I think you got tomato sauce on Steph."
Now it's Mike's turn to use the stage whisper. "I know. It gives me an excuse to make her stop talking again in a while." [Grins and winks].
As Steph starts to complain, Mike leans over and licks the pizza sauce off her nipple. On cue, she stops whatever she was about to say and just smiles.
"I must give that approach a try." You say with the same wink and grin as Mike!
Not to be outdone, and not wanting you staring at Steph's boos all night, I undo he few buttons left on my shirt and put some sauce on both my nipples. "There, now I'm ready for you!" looking sideways at you and daring you to do it.
I should have known better than to throw out a challenge. You get up, turn my chair to face you, get down on your knees, and suck it off one nipple. Then, as you start to suck it off the other, you put more sauce on the first one. "I'll save that for later." You laugh.
"More wine, anyone?" Steph says, seemingly trying to calm things down. After a few deep breaths you turn my chair back, and we all accept. I must stop at two glasses!
With the atmosphere somewhat lighter and the tension broken, we talk around the things Steph had said. Most of it we had seen for ourselves, or worked out, but there were certainly some surprises in there. When we get to the subject of public sex, we say we'll stay away from the dunes then, as we don't want to invade anyone's privacy. Steph Interrupts "Oh no! You should go. It's better than any film, seeing someone [air quotes again] 'doing it' in real life. Everyone knows they will be watched. That's why they are in the dunes and not their chalet."
"You said that like you've done it?" you suggest, but it's really a question.
"Well, yes we have" admits Mike "once or twice. Even if nobody catches us, it can be a real turn on. I think that's what Steph meant with the Vegas comment."
"All show and glitter, in the middle of a desert?"
"Nope. What happens here, stays here."
"I see. Or at least, apparently we might see."
Steph has been quiet long enough. "Most days, at some point, you would see something, anyway."
"Steph, I have to ask you, is it a turn on for you too, or is it just Mike?"
"Definitely me too! It's a turn on being with someone that's also turned on. It sort of builds the excitement if you know what I mean. The thought turns us both on. Seeing Mike turned on, turns me on. That turns Mike on some more. And so on to the point where we're about to burst. If you get my drift."
"Drift? In the dunes? Did you really say that?" Sometimes you just can't stop yourself making jokes.
Steph and Mike both laugh anyway. "Look, just thinking about it now is getting me worked up" Admits Steph. "I can't wait to find out how it's made Mike feel! [winks, suggestively at Mike]"
Now it's Mike's turn to get up and turn Steph's chair to face him. Taking her hand and placing it on the front of his thong, he looks her in the eye and asks, "You tell me. How do I feel?"
Steph turns to us and says "You folks take the sofa, or the beanbags are really comfortable. Of course, if you would rather go, we will understand, but there's someone I need to do."
You get up as if to go but I'm finding it difficult to move. Coming up behind me, you ask whether they mind us getting more comfortable first, as you slip my open shirt off my shoulders. Seeing this, Mike pushes the table to one side and turns Steph's chair to face directly at me and starts to fondle her breasts from behind. I'm still slightly in shock as I realize you are doing the same thing to me.
Still fondling my boobs with your right hand, you kneel and start sucking on my right nipple. Mike continues with the mirroring game and does the same to Steph. It's very erotic seeing how she likes that as much as I do.
Moving in front of me, you start sucking on both of my nipples. To make it easier to reach, you move between my knees and pull me towards you with your left arm around my waist. Steph taps Mike on the shoulder so he looks and sees what's going on, and then follows suite. Steph has one hand on her free boob, and the other behind Mike's head, guiding him. It's my turn to play the game so I do the same thing, encouraging you to suck first one, then my other nipple.
Steph looks me in the eye and gently pushes Mike's head lower. She thinks she is daring me to do the same, but I don't take much encouragement. Neither do you. Soon both of us are being tongued through our panties, only Steph pulls hers to one side to give Mike better access.
My turn to lead again so, instead of pulling mine to the side, I stand up and lower them instead. This makes it much easier for you to please me too. I was surprised that it took Steph a few seconds to stand up herself, but I think she was absorbed with watching and feeling for herself. When she does though, instead of standing back up when she had slipped them down her legs, she takes a step forward and gently nudged you out of the way with her leg. Taking the hint, you move to my right and stand up, still fondling my pussy with your right hand, and now my butt with your left.
Steve moves to Steph's right and mirrors what you're doing again, leaving Steph to massage her own boobs. Then she moves her right hand up to her mouth and licks her fingers, all the time looking straight at me, pleading me to do the same. I do, and close my eyes for a moment, lost in the sensations.
I feel a touch on my left breast and open my eyes to find Steph inches away, in front of me, and it is her right hand that I can feel on me. It is obvious that Steph expects me to do the same thing, so I massage her boobs with both my hands. She pulls me in to her with her free hand and rests her chin on my left shoulder. We both enjoy hugging and fondling, whilst our husbands are still doing what they know we like down below. This seems to last a long time but it's hard to tell how long it is!
I feel you moving around and standing up, now behind me. You gently nudge my legs a little apart, which makes it easier to balance and allows you to resume your gentle rubbing of my pussy. Steph kisses my neck gently and I realize Mike is now behind her too, still mirroring everything you do.
Now something changes and Mike is leading the way. He takes a little step back and pulls Steph's hips back towards him. This forces us both to lean forward slightly at the waist and lean on each other for support. Now I kiss Steph's neck and hold her tight with my left arm, our bodies, and boobs pressed together under our weight. Steph makes a little sound in her throat, and then sighs. Looking down her back, I see Mike is now gently pushing into her from behind, but I don't think you noticed. Before I get chance to encourage you in the same direction, Mike backs away and grabs a cloth napkin from the table. He ties it around Steph's eyes as a blindfold and hands a second to you. You blindfold me and lead me, following Mike and Steph by the sound of footsteps.
It takes only a minute and I feel you back me against a bed and push me gently to sit down. The bed is quite low and has a firm mattress. You push me to lay back and I feel Steph at my side. You roll me towards her, so I am laying on my side, and I find my mouth directly in front of her nipples. We are on opposite sides of the bed so continuing to copy what Steph does, I start again to lick and suck her boobs, and massage them, as she is doing the same to me.
With one leg bent on the bed and you holding the other slightly raised, you gently push a couple of fingers into my pussy. It did not take any effort and you're gently massaging all the right places inside and out.
A few minutes later, you take your hand away and I feel you pressing your cock head into me instead. Finally, it seems, you took the hint!
From this angle feels different than from behind. It touches and presses different parts of me. Moving around a little, you take note of when it's feels best for me, and I encourage you with louder moans.
I reach one hand down to Steph's face, wanting her to do the same thing. I need encouragement that this is OK for her too. I feel her cheek, and she caresses mine. I realize that she is not wearing her blindfold now, but she holds on to my hands, so I can't remove mine. Instead, she rolls over and it feels like she is now on her knees, holding my hands, and bending over my face to kiss me. You pull out, roll me on to my back, and now hold both of my legs in the air. Then you move closer again and hold my legs against you as you approach and press against my pussy. You take your time entering me this time, with slow motions, only just entering and then pulling almost completely out of me. Just as I think you will drive me mad like this, you stop, and then press slowly forward all the way, burying yourself inside me and holding still like that. Steph kisses me again and slides forward so my hands are trapped under her knees, then bends and kisses my boobs. She sucks and nibbles and flicks my nipples with her tongue. All these sensations are almost overwhelming. I suck on one of her nipples when it is presented to me. I manage to move my hands and am holding her ankles as you start thrusting slowly again.
The game has obviously change slightly now, as it dawns on me that everyone is now focused on me. Mike takes firm but gentle hold of my wrists and allows Steph to climb off me. She moves to my side and continues her teasing, now free to use both hands and her mouth.
If this carries on much longer, I think I may pass out!
Steph straddles me and gently grinds her pussy against my tummy. She is as wet as I am and running her hands up and down me in time with her movements. Or it could be in time with your movements as you are now thrusting at the same time as she is grinding.
You pull out just as I think I'm about to orgasm again and lift my weight so Mike can pull me across the bed. Now my knees are on the edge of the bed and Steph is still grinding on top of me but now her pussy is against mine. I can't help but grind back against her. She slides over and down on to my thigh, which allows you to move my legs apart slightly. She moves up and grinds hard directly against my pussy. It does not take long for both of us to have another orgasm. She collapses and I feel my hands and legs no longer being held. Steph and I hug for a while but she stops me when I try to remove the blindfold.
"OK. Why are you still keeping me blind?" I ask, wondering what else they have in mind.
Steph replied "But our husbands are still in need. Do you trust me enough to leave me in charge for a while longer?"
I think about this for a few seconds, all sorts of things running through my head.
She touches my cheek again and says "I will understand if not. I've had a fantastic evening already, and really enjoyed our time with you both. We would not do anything to hurt you, or that you do not want."
You reassure me "I'm here too, remember, and you know I'll only do what you want."
How can I refuse at this point? My resistance is worn down and I am ready for more. I feel bad that you haven't had your fill yet too. "OK" I say slightly quieter than I intended. "Steph is in charge for now."
"The blindfold stays on for now then" she says "and you will do what I tell you. If you want to stop, just say 'pizza'. That can be your safe word. OK?"
"OK."
The only talking now is from Steph, and she is much less talkative than before. Being in charge seems to suit her.
"You can answer questions but nothing more unless you want to use the safe word. Now, move further up the bed, so there is more room around you." I slide up the bed, so my feet are now on the mattress too.
"You keep your hands on the girls." She says, moving my hands to my boobs.
I feel her get off the bed and then place her hands on my ankles. She gently presses them apart, and then lifts my knees. I feel her hands underneath my thighs, moving upward, and then I feel her mouth on my pussy, and her tongue too. She knows all the right moves, or course. After a few minutes she asks, "Are you OK with me turning around?"
"Yes"
Fingering me now "Are you OK if I get on top of you?"
"Yes"
Now straddling me and still rubbing me gently with her fingers "Would you do to me, what I do to you?
"Yes"
I move my hands and start the mirroring game again. Some things she does are better for her than for me, from the sounds she makes, but I do everything she does to me. Then she bends over and licks my pussy again. It has been a night of many firsts! I reach up with my tongue and find her pussy presented to it. I know how I taste but it's still a surprise that she tastes the same. The mirroring continues until I can't take it anymore and have yet another orgasm, which triggers one in Steph. This is intense!
I am sure you enjoyed watching that, but you aren't done yet, and Steph reminds me of that.
There is movement on both sides of me, as Steph still straddles me. She turns around so is now facing me and takes hold of my wrists. She lifts my arms, and slides up my body, until she is raised up but over my boobs. Still holding my hands up, she places them on her boobs. I massage gently while the movement on each side of me continues.
Steph takes my hands, holding them by the back of my wrists, and slowly moves first my right hand, then my left, down towards my waist.
I feel my right hand being placed on the end of your cock. It is very wet still and your foreskin is pulled right back.
Then my right hand lands too. Now I'm not sure who's cock I have in which hand, but Steph has me gently stroking them both! I take a firm grip but let Steph lead my movements. I hear appreciative moans from both sides, but I still can't tell who is in which hand. After a few minutes, Steph lifts my hands off both of you and lifts them to her mouth. She licks all my fingers gently.
"Now you must choose. Which one of those is going inside you?"
What! Wait! This wasn't on my mind! Wanting to play along for a few minutes more though, I ask "What happens to the one I do not choose?"
I feel both you and Mike get off the bed and Steph says, "The other one will be finished in my mouth."
"One last question then. If Bob is OK with this, you finish the one on my left hand. I will take the one from my right hand, but in my mouth too, at least to start with. If Bob is OK with this, I am. If not, I will use the safe word." I know you know what I would and would not want so am putting you in charge.
There is some movement in the room, and I hear you say, "That is OK with me."
Someone gets on the bed and Steph gets off it. Someone takes my right hand and puts it back on a hard wet cock. I know you would not let this be anyone else so give that cock a slow kiss on the tip, a few licks from the base to the top, and then put my lips on the tip again. Sucking gently, and keeping my teeth out of the way, I suck gently until the head pops into my mouth. I run my tongue around it a few times and suck it in further. I take it out, and suck it in a few times, each time pulling it back out without releasing the pressure. I hear you say, "Stop now, or I will not be responsible" and you move away from me. "Now come and sit on top of me" so I do. "Now grind on me like Steph did on you earlier."
That was all it took. I did not go slowly, just guided you into me and sat down hard. You raised up to meet me and thrust as hard as you could. I started slowly grinding backwards and forwards on top of you, not raising up but feeling you moving inside me. Picking up the pace quickly, I was ready to have another orgasm. I had lost count but this one had been building for a while so was shattering. As you came, so did I. I collapsed on top of you, then rolled to your side. We were both exhausted.
Taking off the blindfold, I saw Mike and Steph watching us, sitting on the other side of the bed. Nobody said much. They left the room, presumably to shower and clean up. We called out "See you tomorrow" and left the chalet. neither of us was dressed, we just carried our clothes. It was dark and, as far as we could tell, deserted outside. You took me to the far side of our chalet, instead of going to the front door. Without saying anything, you led me to the outside shower, where we helped each other cleanup, then went inside and lay down on the bed.
... Monday morning ...
We woke the next morning with the sun already well up. Our last full day of this holiday ahead, we did not get up although we were both awake, and just cuddled for a bit. You spoke first asking "Are you OK with last night?"
"Like Vegas, Steph had said. So, nothing gets weird." I replied, "We can discuss it more later, when I've had some breakfast."
Apparently, we were both excited by the thoughts though, so we did not get up for breakfast for a little while longer, but 'exercised to build an appetite'. When we finally did get out of bed, there was a knock on the window. The blinds were open, and Mike and Steph were clapping outside. So now we have been the show too!
It was their last day so all four of us ate a large breakfast at the restaurant, dressed in shirts and panties or trunks. Then exchanged email addresses and said our goodbyes. Maybe we'll meet them again. If not, at least we will know what is and is not OK at this resort. At this point I realized I had already decided to come back.