Despite my tremendous relief at his extremely positive reaction to what I had been dreading as a disastrous, humiliating confession, I couldn't help but notice the way he was looking at me now. It seemed the more dirty details I told him, the more explicit and lewd the tale got, the more it stoked his ever-more-obvious lust for me. Which lust, clearly, had NOT been damped by his wife's sordid confession of her sinful and kinky nature, but was clearly intensifying because of it. He was pretty much ogling me now like a hungry wolf might look at a helpless ewe who doesn't even know there's a dangerous predator lurking about.
And seeing THAT reaction from my lover, in turn, was getting ME all horny too--which I already was anyhow, just from rekindling the long-tucked-away memories of how it had made me feel when I danced naked for a large crowd of lustful men telling my story had stirred up in me. So even though I had thought I was all done with the 'fessing up, it suddenly hit me that I had only just gotten started. I was also beginning to realize that I WANTED this to continue--VERY MUCH wanted to. We hadn't gotten to the really juicy parts yet, and my confession was making me feel SO good, in SO many ways, and for SO many reasons!
Needless to say, then, I took a deep breath, slid up against Mike on the bed, gave him my very best sultry, sizzling-hot, come-hither glare, and unbuttoned my shirt, slipped it off, did the same with my bra, and oh-so-casually tossed them both onto the bedroom floor. Inner Slut Christiana was finally, fully awakened now, and she intended to have herself a REALLY good time from here on it. I knew Mike would greatly enjoy meeting her at last, which only loosened my inhibitions even further still; after all, he had been trying to unleash her for the last month and a half himself.
I had plenty to tell him about still, and I hoped his cock would be near to exploding by the time I was done telling it. He seemed to sense that there was lots more to this story yet, so once we had arranged ourselves on the bed, his hands beginning to wander gently over my now-exposed torso, he commanded with a touch of drill-sergeant gruffness: "Okay, I love it so far. Please, go on." I decided to tease him just a little bit, saying "Yeah? You sure you want to hear all this? Because working at Flashdancers could get pretty, umm, wild at times."
I tingled when he fired back: "Well, naturally it could, baby! I've spent a lot of time in titty bars my own self, even dated a few strippers over the years, so I'm pretty well-acquainted with what goes on in those places. And as I've told you before, I absolutely LOVE the idea of you being a horny, wild, out-of-control slut--one who not only isn't ashamed or guilt-ridden about her kinky desires, but is actually comfortable with them, and indulges them to the greatest extent she possibly can! Far as I'm concerned, I've enjoyed everything you've told me so far, but we only just now got to the part of the story that interests me most of all. And don't think I haven't noticed the effect this dirty little tell-all of yours is having on YOU, either! Believe me, I LOVE where all this is headed, so by all means...KEEP GOING!"
I tingled so much at hearing my man say that I actually, literally quivered from head to toe from it! Yep, I loved where this was headed too, I bet even more than I knew Mike did! It was like some kind of switch had been thrown in my head, sending powerful jolts of erotic electricity racing all through me. If this man of mine really was okay with making me into his very own Slutwife for real...well then, for the first time ever I felt I was fully up to the challenge, and that he would by God be getting his wish!!
"Okay, so where was I, then? Yes, I was definitely into being publicly naked, inviting strange men to ogle and adore my body, encourage them to enjoy me as much as I enjoyed showing them all of me. Yes, being a stripper, a genuine professional Bad Girl sexually excited me beyond belief. It got so intense that sometimes, as I pulled the employee door open on my way in to work, I'd feel this rush of pure heat and anticipation that was so overwhelming it would make me weak in the knees. I'd have to stop in the hall for a second and try to pull myself together, y'know? I did, I admit it: I LOVED it, couldn't get enough of it. But honestly, though...know what I liked best of all? This was only at Flashdancers, mind, the biker bar didn't have one..."
"What, baby? Don't even dream of leaving me hanging when we're just getting to the best, hottest part..." "Well, my FAVORITE part was taking some guy back to the VIP room and just...working him over, y'know? Some guy I didn't even know, had never even met at all! And I mean, I would really work them over but good, too. Of course, I was getting as good as I was giving from those men, usually. In fact, some of them worked ME over but good, believe you me! There I was, all saucy and thinking I was in charge, and then the guy would leave me just gasping for breath on his lap and helpless!"
"FUCK yeah! You ARE a little slut, aren't ya, Christiana? Did these guys get you off, make you cum?" "Oh, you better just believe they did! Over and over and over, again and again, just about every time one of them tried me! I would straddle their laps facing them, practically naked as I always was the whole time I was at work, and while they played with my boobs and sucked on my nipples I would casually just slip my little G-string right down my legs and drop it on the floor! Then, if THAT subtle hint somehow got by him, I would grab his hand, pull it down between my legs, and rub myself with it until he figured it all out. He'd finger-fuck me, plenty of other dancers and their VIPs close by watching us go at it, the two security guys at the entrance to the back room openly watching my man doing me, and I would just go WILD. After I had cum three or four times--HARD, I could see all these people watching and listening to me moan and beg for more, watching me get off, which only got me off even more--then I would turn the tables on 'em. I'd get my anonymous stud's jeans open, take out his cock, and either jack or suck him off. I always swallowed every drop of cum, too. EVERY. DROP. If I jacked him off, I would make sure he saw me lick it off my fingers or my arm. I would open my mouth wide, turn to face my audience, show them all the big load pooled on my tongue, and then make a big production of gulping it down, licking my lips as if it was the most succulent delicacy I'd ever tasted. Which, frankly, it was, each and every time."
"I would finish one guy off, then strut right back out front and start working on getting myself another VIP session right away. I fucking LOVED IT! God, it was soooo great." "Okay, Christiana, I have to ask: did you ever go beyond handjobs and blowjobs and actually, well, get fucked? Put a stranger's cock inside you for the VIP room crowd?" I said, "God, I wish! I wanted to so bad, and there were a couple of times I came pretty close, but I just couldn't figure out how to get away with it. Security would always just kind of look the other way with the blowjobs and handjobs, but even so we still had to be discreet about it. To suck one of my VIP johns off, I would alway get on my knees to the side of the chair, lean over with my head in his lap as low as possible and still be able to get his cock in my mouth, and then suck him as hard as I could and jack him at the same time until he came in my mouth. To bend over and let a man actually get it inside me, pump me--it would have been just too obvious, too over the top, and illegal as hell. Fucking was strictly against the rules, a firing offense, and actually against the law--you could go to jail for it if the wrong person caught you. But BOY, did I want to!!"
"Ahh, no matter; I had plenty of hot, dirty fun anyway--lots of almost-sex with strangers, getting off who even knows how many times a night myself, getting one man after another after another off. I loved every second of it. Truthfully, I really do sometimes wish that...well, never mind."
"Oh, I just bet I could finish that sentence for ya, baby. And I have to wonder: what the hell are we waiting for, anyway? It doesn't have to be just us, we could make a group outing of it. You and Janelle, strip-club amateur night somewhere--I can think of five or six clubs right off that have one--with me and Zach in the crowd watching our sexy sluts getting off on showing their almost-naked bodies in public, a little trip to the VIP room now and then to play around a little while we wait and speculate on what sexual craziness our two untameable women might be getting themselves up to back there? What's not to like here? For all four of us?"
I shivered yet again then, harder and deeper than before. A frisson of pure sexual pleasure rippled visibly over my entire body, like a wave. I thought for a second or two that I was going to cum right then and there, just from the thought of being onstage, naked and under the hungry eyes of strangers again, with three of our closest friends drooling at what a bad, bad girl I was being. Ahh, but only a few weeks later, it would get even better yet. That was when we actually went out and, y'know, did something about it.
Mike had asked me earlier if I had ever gotten fucked in the VIP room at Flashdancers, and I had answered truthfully and with deep regret that no, I hadn't. Little did I know that, very soon now, another of my most cherished fantasies was going to come true: I would soon get myself a good, anonymous fucking--a glory hole gangbang, actually. I never even knew HOW many men took me that wild, wonderful night. Not too long after that awesome experience, the very same foursome that had been knee deep in my first night as a glory-hole pleasure toy would also be making an excursion to Leather & Lace, to find out what amateur night was really all about.
Oh, I'd be finding out for sure--believe ME, I would!! After years and years of holding myself back, of refusing to admit the power of my wicked craving for outlaw sex even to myself, all of a sudden things were heating up FAST! I was stunned that all it had taken, all I had needed to get me where I had wanted to be all along, was a bit of persistent nudging; some gentle but clever prodding; encouragement from some like-minded and patient friends; and finally, explicit permission and encouragement from my horny husband urging me to let go, take charge, and finally allow Hotwife Christiana to slip her surly bonds entirely.
The glory hole visit, Amateur Night with Zach and Janelle, and several other of my earliest experiences with group sex; fucking a huge number of unknown men in front of a crowd, and being shared out with our foursome and then others were all just around the corner for me. But ironically enough, it would end up being Tom and Jen--the other close friends Mike and I had been testing our sexual boundaries with on a regular basis, the very first couple I had felt comfortable enough sexually with to set out on this wonderful journey in the first place--who would claim my Swinger/Hotwife/group sex cherry before those other adventures came to be. Looking back, it was probably inevitable that it would be those two sex fiends who would see to the official deflowering of Hotwife Christiana.