When Virginia had asked Derek to her apartment the first time, he couldn't have imagined the depth of Virginia's penchant for sex, a version of which he himself had always dreamt of, but had never found in another. She knew exactly what she wanted, when she wanted it, and how she wanted it. It was that attitude that turned Derek into a panting dog every time she walked passed his cubicle at work. First he could smell her perfume. The scent light, fruity, and heady. He immediately became aroused as she grew closer, the click of her high heeled shoes in a swift and steady cadence that syncopated with his increasing heartbeat. She was smooth, silky, and knew exactly what she was doing as she passed by without saying a word and without a nod of acknowledgement towards him. It was a sweet torture that Derek looked forward to every day with the hopes that one day she would give him a chance to be with her again.
Weeks went by and Virginia ignored Derek. It was driving him to madness as the tall leggy blonde walked passed him in clothes that hugged every curve as if painted on and swung her head so that her platinum blonde hair swished to the side and over her shoulder in a "I'm gorgeous and I know it" move that drove him wild. He knew she was toying with him. She played the game well and was the master of her charm and sensuality. She gave it out sparingly and the crumbs she threw at him were just enough to keep him interested and nothing more.
Yet on one Friday near the Christmas holidays when spirits were high and very little was done at the office, Virginia made her usual stroll through the office down the aisle towards the break room and again Derek's senses were aroused. He waited for her to walk by so that he could turn to watch her hips swing in unison with her steps. She did walk up the aisle, but unexpectedly stopped at his cubicle, sighed, and gave him a sideways glance.
"My place. 7pm and don't be late," she whispered and kept walking.
Derek's jaw dropped and he swallowed hard unable speak. He just nodded as he felt the swelling of his cock press against the zipper of his pants. When five o'clock came, he all but trampled two women in the elevator in his effort to leave the building. Outside, it had begun to snow and the coldness of the air helped to keep his desire for Virginia intact until he could be with her. He rushed home, showered, dressed in his good jeans, red shirt, and green pullover sweater. After all, it was the holidays and he was going to get his Christmas present early this year.
Even with the snow increasing and the roads becoming icy and slick, Derek managed to get to Virginia's apartment on time. His leather coat was dusted with snow as he rang the doorbell and waited. The familiar click of high heeled shoes could be heard behind the door then stopped. When the door opened, Derek held his breath and his eyes were grilled on what he saw.
Virginia stood in the doorway wearing a red corseted teddy that was fringed with white fur at the top of it and at the bottom, garters that held up sheer stockings with little hearts that ran up the seam in the back, black stiletto heels, and a white pearl necklace with matching dropped pearl earrings. Her makeup was meticulously done. Her hair was loose with her blonde tresses pushed to one side and cascaded over her shoulders in a waterfall effect and her perfume was intoxicating. She was class from the top of her head to sweet curves of her ass and Derek knew it.
He tried not to look too eager, but Derek could not help licking his lips as he perused her body slowly drinking in the fullness of her breasts that pushed up from the corset and threatened to tumble out. Her waist was cinched in and the white fur at the bottom delicately swung with the curves of her hips as she walked.
"Well Derek," she purred. "Tis the season to get your jollies."
Derek grinned broadly and had all he could do not to grab Virginia and press her to him, kiss her, and ravage her in the hallway. As if Virginia could read his mind, she motioned him to enter her apartment where he closed the door behind him while his eyes kept watch as she strolled into the living room and sat on the white sofa. She leaned back, crossed her legs, and waited for him.
"Come a little closer," she said patting the seat next to her with her hand. "You can't have your Christmas present if you're way over there and I'm way over here," she smiled impishly.
Derek took his cue and removed his coat and tossed it over a chair. He then headed towards Virginia and eagerly sat next to her. He went to put his hand on her knee, but she pushed him away.
"You know the rules," she said firmly.
Derek felt his heart begin to thump in his chest. "Yes," it was going to be the same. The same as it was before, but there would be more and it tantalized him.
Virginia cocked her head to one side and ran her finger along Derek's cheek until it rested on his lips. She slipped the tip of her finger in Derek's mouth and he sucked on it.
"Hmmmmm," she said. "Now, my dear. What shall I do with you?"
"Whatever you want," Derek said licking her finger.
Virginia pulled her hand away and let it slide down Derek's chest to the bulge that was in his pants. She began to rub it gently as if his cock was a favorite pet caressing it in anticipation for what was to come. She leaned forward until she could feel Derek's labored breath on the cleavage of her breasts.
"Kiss them," she said.
Derek leaned forward and gently kissed the soft creamy white flesh of the top of her breasts feeling the heat seer through his lips. Boldly he let his tongue slide down the crevice of her cleavage while Virginia kissed the top of his head then slowly pulled away from him.
"Is this what you really want?" Virginia asked running her hands over her breasts and down her hips accentuating the already full curves hidden under the red corset.
"You know it is," Derek said. His voice soft and low.
Satisfied that she had where she wanted him, Virginia pulled at the string of her corset loosening the ties just enough to let her breasts fall free. She scooped the full soft mounds with the tight pink nubs in her hands and showed them to Derek.
"Are these what you want?" she asked rubbing her fingers over the nipples.
Derek sat mesmerized at the globes of soft white flesh that she was kneading in her hands seemed to become fuller. Virginia let her breasts fall only to pluck the nipples with her thumb and forefinger sending streams of sensual excitement throughout her body. She leaned over and placed one of the nipples in Derek's mouth. His tongue flicked at the tight nub then he sucked it into his mouth. She watched him as he drew on her breast letting the feeling flow through her like a drug. Suddenly she withdrew her breast, leaned back from him, and laced the corset back up tucking her breasts inside it.
"Now pull down your pants and stroke your cock for me," Virginia commanded. "I want to see just how much you want me."
Derek immediately unbuckled his pants, unzipped his fly, and pulled out his cock that was swollen with the veins protruding as if begging to be touched. He went to stroke it, but Virginia stopped him.
"Don't touch it," she commanded. "Not yet. I just want to see how beautifully hard it is."
Derek wanted to grab his cock, stroke it and rake his fingers over the head of it, but he did as he was told and the swollen member bobbed as drops of precum dripped from it. Virginia reached down and slid her hand underneath her corset running her fingers along her slit soaking them with her juices. She then withdrew them and inserted the musky tasting fingers into Derek's mouth where he sucked and licked them clean moaning with the pleasure of her taste.
"So you like that," she asked already knowing the answer.
"I need more," Derek all but begged.
Virginia said nothing, but moved to the end of the sofa where she unlaced her corset fully exposing her breasts and the swollen pussy that glistened with her own juices. Her nipples, pink and soft, were now hard and firm. She massaged them with her fingers again and pressed her back against the arm of the sofa letting the feeling overwhelm her. Derek went to move towards her, but Virginia stopped him.
"Not yet," she said warning him. "I'm not ready yet."
Derek sat back down in his seat afraid that if he pushed, she would deny him completely. Instead he removed his pants and gently rubbed his cock up and down with the palm of his hand as if tempering it before it exploded. Virginia slid her hand down her waist to the soft mounds of curls that hid her treasure. Her hips began to move as she fingered her clit rubbing it in a circular motion. The swollen folds of her pussy dripped, her clit hardened at her touch, and her body began to gyrate in a slow methodical rhythm that drove Derek mad. Virginia didn't seem to notice as her eyes were closed and her head fell back against the arm of the sofa. She licked her lips and her voice became ragged and deep while she rubbed her essence.
"When I say come to me," she began. "You must fuck me without stopping. Do you understand?" she said.
Derek's cock jumped at the sound of her command and he uttered a guttural "yes" as he continued to watch and wait. His balls filled and tightened. His ass clenched as his cock jerked and oozed. He bit his lip as he watched her rub her clit and her breath came in short spurts. Finally, what seemed like forever, Virginia said the words he needed to hear.
"Fuck me now," she commanded and spread her legs wide inviting him into her.
Derek all but leapt off the sofa and climbed over Virginia positioning himself at her entrance. Her fingers still rubbed her clit as he plummeted his cock inside the wet juicy folds of her hot pussy. He became lost in his desire for her as his cock dove deeper and deeper into well of her sex. She wrapped her legs around his back and met his thrusts. Derek thought he was going mad as each time he dove into her brought him closer to the edge. They moved wildly, erratically, in a strange primal motion that seemed to have no end.
Delirious with his need to release, Derek called out, "I'm going to cum. Damn! I'm going to come."
Virginia barely heard him as she arched her back and let out a cry of sweet release as her own climax exploded on Derek's cock. Derek could feel the pulsing of her pussy as wave after wave of orgasm surrounded him, soaked him, and all but sucked the cum out of him. Derek's leg's tightened and quivered as he let out of shudder of his own ecstasy. His cock erupted inside of her and shot streams of white hot cream burning its way through the swollen folds of her orgasm filled pussy. He grabbed Virginia's hips and locked himself inside of her as his balls drained and his cock expelled the last of his cum. Breathless Virginia swallowed hard and ran her hands over Derek's back as he collapsed on top of her with his head on her breasts that gleamed with perspiration. Minutes later, Virginia and Derek slowly returned to the real world luxuriating in their experience with one another.
"Merry Christmas," he whispered in Virginia's ear.
Virginia chuckled, "Same to you."