I met him in a bar, after a night out with friends. I wasn't ready to call it a night, so I stopped in for one last drink. As I sat down and ordered a drink, he turned to me and struck up a conversation. We talked for a while, laughing about nothing really, and I noticed he had a wedding ring on. I'm not usually into married men, so I pulled back a bit and decided to keep it casual. He commented on my necklace, the pendant of which dipped deeply into my cleavage. He reached out and slipped his finger under the chain and casually ran his finger down to the top of my breasts to lift the design out. It was done so casually and seemingly innocent but I immediately felt a dampening in my panties. I turned away and finished my drink, ordered a second. We kept talking and I felt his hand on my knee. I knew I should stop him but the more I talked to him the more his casual conversation turned me on.
After an hour or so, I said I had to leave and he suggested going along. I declined, but allowed him to walk me to my car. At the door, I turned around to thank him for the drinks and conversation, and he leaned over and pressed his lips to mine. I felt the power immediately in my chest and thighs, and opened my mouth to let his tongue probe mine. He lined his body up with mine and pressed me up against the car. I could feel his crotch hard and throbbing against mine. We kissed aggressively, one of his hands sliding up the back of my neck to grip my head in place and the other sliding up the outside of my thigh under my short skirt. It took a few minutes before I regained my wits enough to separate my mouth. Extremely aroused but wary I asked about his wife. He chuckled softly and said, "What about her?" and began to kiss me again. His hand slid higher up my skirt and around to caress the bottom of my ass. I heard other people exiting the bar and knew they would walk past and see us any minute. Nervously, I pulled away and told him to get in the car.
We pulled away, his left hand casually sliding under the hemline of my skirt. I felt the tips of his fingers teasing my damp panties and tried to focus on driving. I turned into a motel and pulled up to the lobby as he hopped out and went in to arrange for a room. When he came out, we drove around to our room at the back of the building and parked. He took my hand and walked intently to the stairs, pausing on the landing between floors to press my back to the wall and begin kissing me again. His left hand took my wrists together and pinned them against the wall over my head, his lower body holding me firmly in place. His right hand slipped under my top, pulling my bra down and allowing my breasts to pop out. My nipples were incredibly hard and stuck through the thin fabric of my shirt. His hand slid over my nipples, caressing and pinching them through the fabric, and slowly moved up to my throat, caressing it gently before releasing my wrists and grabbing my elbow firmly and walking to the room.
His fingers didn't even fumble as he turned the key and opened the door, keeping his grip on my elbow firm. He guided me in before him, and pressed me face first into the wall immediately inside the door. He held my wrists firmly in his left hand again, behind my back above my tight ass. I could feel the inside of my thighs moist and my pussy was almost dripping in anticipation. I waited for the door to close, but nothing - I still heard the traffic outside on the back road behind the motel. Our room was opposite a busy strip club and I could hear the patrons coming in and out of the bar. His right hand swiftly slid my skirt up over my ass, bare except for the string thong I had on underneath. A swift crack stung as I felt his palm land on my ass cheek and I let out a slight cry. I heard one of the patrons in the parking lot below call out to his friends and my heart skipped a beat - the thought that they could be talking about hearing my ass get slapped made my clit throb.
A few more slaps and I was starting to wobble on my heels... without some relief soon I was going to fall over. I felt his hot breath in my ear whisper "I had a feeling you'd be a little kinky... you will do exactly as I say do you understand me you dirty whore?" I giggled softly and consented, secretly wondering if he'd leave the door open all night.
He pulled me away from the wall, keeping my wrists tightly gripped. He pulled off his tie with his other hand, and quickly wrapped it around my wrists, securing them firmly just above my ass. His now-free left hand slid up the back of my hair, gripping a handful firmly but gently. He guided me to the bed and set me down as he moved the desk to the center of the room facing the door. He helped me stand, and then ordered me to walk around in front of the desk, so I was standing facing the strip club across the street. He opened the windows behind me and next to the door before walking over to me and kissing me hard enough to take my breath away while unbuttoning my top.
He rolled the shirt into a blindfold and set it against my eyes. I pulled away sharply, but a firm slap to my thighs made me decide to submit. My clit throbbed as he finished the knot and thumbed my nipples which still spilled out of my bra. He reached down and pulled the front of my skirt up to meet the back around my waist. The front of my skimpy thong was drenched, and I could feel the satin sliding smoothly over my bare pussy. My lover turned me around and bent me over the desk, using his knees to force my legs wide open.
I hear a noise nearby and a man laugh. "Nice piece," a voice said from the door. My body tensed as I felt my dominator step aside and slip a finger down between my ass crack. He chuckled softly in response. "Yes, I think she'll do quite nicely. Come in and have a seat if you'd like." I started to try to stand in protest, and a slap landed on my left ass cheek. "If you continue to argue with me, I will have no choice but to gag you. No one will touch you but me." Humiliated, I bit my lip and wished that my cunt wasn't so wet after each unexpected turn. His finger slid the string of my thong out of my ass as deftly as he had fingered my chain earlier. He hooked his finger around and pulled upwards, the tension on my clitoris making me cry out. "That's better, slut." I felt his hand grab the string and a strong tug tore the flimsy material. He reached up and tore the string around my waist, discarding my flimsy thong into a corner of the room. As it slid across my pussy, I felt another gush of fluid as my cunt started to beg to be penetrated.
I heard the original guy at the door joined by another on the bed, their whispers and laughs secondary to the feeling of hands separating my ass cheeks and pushing my thighs further apart. His palm finally rested on the flat of my back and first one, then two fingers slid along my slit. I cried out, and heard the two guys on the bed start laughing as well as a third walking in from the door. I couldn't take it and spread my legs further, desperately wanting his fingers to stroke my clit. He laughed, an edge of cruelty in it. "Quite a bitch in heat...let's see what we can do about that."
Two fingers delved into my soaking wet pussy, and my body writhed on the desk. I almost screamed with pleasure as his fingers alternated penetrating my tight slot and massaging my swollen clit. After a few strokes, I begged to come and was rewarded only with another slap and a firm "No." I felt him walk away from me but quickly had two soaking wet pussy drenched fingers forcing their way into my mouth. I had never tasted myself before but eagerly licked his fingers clean. I heard the unzipping of his pants and felt the soft skin of a rock hard cock against my wet lips. I opened wide to accommodate a very generous penis. I struggled not to gag as he held my head and worked into a rhythm that routinely knocked the back of my throat with the head of his prick. After about five minutes of sucking his dick, he pulled back and slapped me in the face with it, laughing at the confusion in my face.
"Hey man, that your wife? You're some kind of lucky man," one of the audience members asked and I tensed again. I had forgotton that my captor was married, I was being tormented by a married man. He laughed again, with that cruel edge, "No, this is just some slut I picked up in a bar. My wife is at home, she thinks I'm working late." I moaned, and my mouth was instantly filled again with his cock, working harder in my throat as his fingers worked in my scalp, gripping my head firmly. As his rhythm became frantic, he pulled out of my mouth, walking back behind me again. Two fingers plunged deeply into my cunt, working quickly in and out and and a thumb probed my clit.
Stopping, his other hand moved in running a finger its full length inside my soaking pussy and coming to rest on my virgin asshole. I wriggled aggressively - I'd never had anything in my ass and was not interested in trying. The audience hooted - my captor asked "Well, should I?" I cried out in protest, but the group's jeers and shouts drowned out my cries as the finger pressed through my resistance and opened up my hole. A second finger moved to join it and despite my writhing on the desk split my hole even wider. His fingers moved out of my cunt while his other hand gently but steadily built up a rhythm inside my ass.
Suddenly he stopped, removing all of his fingers from my pussy, leaving two fingers in my ass. I felt the head of his cock rub against my sopping wet pussy lips and whimpered - remembering how big his cock was in my mouth made me worry if he was going to fit inside of me. As his fingers worked my ass open the head of his cock beat against my pussy before he lined up and pushed in. I felt my feet come up off the floor until I was standing on tiptoes as his fat dick split my pussy apart. I screamed, half in pain and half in pleasure from the beginning of what I knew would be the best release of my life.
Before long, his huge penis was working my pussy at the same pace his fingers were working my tight ass. His body pounded against mine, and I heard several of the guys on the bed beating their own cocks and wishing they were in his place. I moaned with each slap of his pelvis against mine, and before long his pace quickened and I knew he was getting ready to come. Abruptly he stopped, pulling his dick out of my pussy and his fingers out of my sore ass. He moved quickly and before I knew it he had a fist full of my hair and his cock was in my throat again, my lips clamped firmly around it. His pace was frantic and with a final thrust that almost gagged me he pulled out, yanked my head up by my hair and blew several rounds of hot cum across my cheeks and lips, and on my chin. I felt all of that cum start running to the bottom of my face and I moaned.
After he let my hair go, he took a deep breath and sighed deeply, before walking back around to my back and pulling me upright. He leaned my body back on the desk, only this time I was face up, my tits exposed to the steamy air. He knelt between my thighs, and wet two fingers from each hand in my still soaked pussy. Slipping two in my pussy, he slid two into my sore ass, stretching them out as I writhed in pleasure tinged pain. His mouth moved in, and I almost came from his breath on my clit alone.
There was movement in the room as some of the guys stood and walked over to us. "I'm sure she won't mind," the man between my legs said. As I started to ask what he meant, his lips clamped on my pussy and his tongue moved over my clit and I almost blacked out from the pleasure. His tongue furiously licked my swollen button and my body writhed on the desk. As I took a deep breath before my orgasm exploded, I felt the first streams of more hot cum stream across my stomach.
My release began almost painfully as my clit pulsed to the pressures of his tongue moving in and out of its creases. Streams of cum landed on my tits and nipples, and a few landed on my cheeks while I cried out and screamed through the strongest orgasm of my life. After I and the others finished, I heard my lover herd the guys out of the room, cordially accepting their thanks and appreciative comments. After the door closed, he gently picked up my spent body and laid me on the bed, untying my wrists first before turning the lights low and opening my blindfold. He pulled my shoes off as I allowed my body to rest and regain its strength. He dressed quietly, and sat on the bed next to me. "There's a cab outside, I need to get home to my wife. The room is paid for the night, so leave whenever you want. I left my work number on the dresser if you'd ever like to get together again. Thank you for the pleasure of your company." and he left.
I showered before leaving. I slept better that night than ever, and I've masturbated countless times over the memories of the sensations. I never knew who the audience was, but I'm sure they've not forgotten the night they got a show. I haven't called him, but I've thought about it many times. Perhaps this evening while the memories are fresh from writing...