It was a long night and Christine got no sleep. All she could think about was the email to Dr. Piston. How could she do that to herself. It was torture. She put it all out there, pictures, fantasies, and true accounts of what she did, and drafted it to a man who has already caught her naked twice. And to make it worse, she doesn't even know if the email sent. She felt so dumb, but yet so alive...even if it kept her awake. She couldn't wait to get to the office tomorrow, but she dreaded it at the same time. All night she kept thinking of what Dr. Piston would do if he got to create an adventure. She imagined working a whole day naked. She pictured wearing her remote vibe locked to her and passing around the remote and the key, having to track down who has it. She fantasised about being used by golfer after golfer, all day until she couldn't take any more. She touched herself to all of these thoughts and whatever else she could come up with. Did she actually hope he would make her do these?
After a rough night, she put herself together the best she could, picked up a huge cup of coffee, and raced to the golf club. She arrived 2 hours earlier than usual and would be alone for 3 hours before her staff came in. She made a beeline to her office. She powered up her computer and signed on. She opened her email. She had to know if it sent, but the damn thing took forever to load. Before she could even check her sent, she saw she has several emails. One of them stood out. All it said was ":)". It was from Dr. Piston. She couldn't believe it. Her stomach dropped. How could she be so dumb and take such a risk. She just revealed her most intimate secrets to a man who clearly has a lot of money, resources, and a superiority complex. She was mortified.
Her biggest challenge now is how to deal with Dr. Piston. He has seen more of her than anyone else. He had seen her tits on display and watched her fuck herself with a dildo. As far as she knows, he hasn't told anybody about that encounter, but this is a whole new level. He now has intimate knowledge of everything she has done and why she has done them. Now he has leverage like nobody has ever had.
Christine hadn't seen Dr. Piston in several days, and had stressed and worried everyday what would happen when she did see him. One day, one of the regular golfers, Ted, approached Christine and requested to host another club member, Frank's, bachelor party at the club. Christine saw no issue with this and agreed. They set up time and meet to discuss the details and the costs. Ted asked about having a stripper. Christine never had a problem with strippers, and even thought she would sneak peeks to enjoy the show. She agreed. They worked out all of the details and arrangements and Christine stated she would work that night to help with the party. She would check in all of the members and give visitor passes to all of their guests. When the stripper arrived, she would usher in the 'vendor' and then stay in her office for the duration of the party. She would be available for questions and to make sure that everything went smoothly. She would then lock up after the event.
Ted gave Christine the guest list. She looked it over and saw many familiar club members and some guests. However, one name stood out, Dr. Piston. She was very nervous since she hadn't seen him yet and this would be inevitable. She acted normal and continued with creating the plan.
Leading up to the event, Christine hired a DJ and would cater in the food, buffet style. She started basic set up. Christine made sure the cameras could see all of the event room, so she could sneak into the security room and watch the events. She also made sure that her best staff was scheduled. She would set up a buffet and allow premium drinks for the open bar, but no shots. The day of, she would hang up the decorations provided by Ted.
The week of the party, Christine had everything in order. It was now business as usual until the party. While in her office, her door opened unexpectedly. She looked up shocked, only to see Dr. Piston enter. "How are you, stranger?" He asked.
Christine tripped over her words, stuttering out "Good, how are you?"
"Better than ever." He responded. "But you know, there has been something on my mind. I believe you owe me a, how did you put it, an adventure."
"Look Dr. Piston. This was all a big mistake. Please, can we forget that this ever happened?" Christine pleaded.
"I hear you, but I don't believe you. You see, the message was very detailed and had a running theme. All of your greatest excitement came from when you were stuck in a situation and didn't have a way out." Dr. Piston continued on, even citing specific examples from her diary of events and her pictures.
Christine was mortified. He knew everything about her, from her body, to her experiences, and even her desires, fetishes, and motivations. Christine tried to argue but was beet red and couldn't get out proper sentences. Dr. Piston called her out on it and said that he had planned her next adventure.
He explained everything and she sat there defeated, listening to everything he said. Dr. Piston explained that he told Ted he would book the stripper. He said he thought Christine would make the perfect stripper and is booking her. Christine abruptly argued against it but Dr. Piston wasn't hearing any of it.
"I thought you might say no. You don't have to, but here are the options. You can agree and put on a great show, and I mean a great show, not just a half ass dance and running off. If not, I will get another stripper, but I will also play a certain slide show. I wonder which one the guys will like better, the stripper or the slideshow? Either way, it'll be fun. Think about it and let me know by the end of the day so I have time to book another stripper. I expect your answer by 5."
Christine was in shock. She was going to have to dance naked in front of prominent members of the golf club. She tried to think of any out she could, but the thought of playing the slideshow of all her photos was way worse. She decided to do it, but would do it in disguise. She texted Dr. Piston her agreement.
The day if the event, Christine was petrified. She got no work done during the day and was shaking. The night of the party, Christine put on her game face. She checked everyone in and took the information of all non members and gave them guest passes. She made sure the food was ready and the drinks were flowing before heading to her office. She would stay there until the 'stripper' arrived.
After getting dressed, she checked a mirror. She was wearing a blonde wig and a tight French Maid outfit. Her mask covered her eyes and provided some semblance of anonymity. Underneath, she had sexy black lace lingerie. She finished her outfit with fishnet stockings and sexy black stiletto high heels. She texted the DJ to let him know 'the stripper' was on her way, and to start the music in 5 minutes to give her a grand entrance. She took a deep breath and left her office, closing the door behind her with music playing to make it sound like she was in there. She walked down the hall and paused right outside the event room. She waited for her cue.
It felt like an eternity before the lights dimmed. "Come On, Feel the Noise" by Quiet Riot blasted. She channeled her adventurous side, remembering an old routine from dance, and entered the room. The guys hollered and were clapping. Money was already flying out of their hands. She danced around the room, showing off to all of the attendees.
As the next song came on, she gave extra attention to Frank, the groom, dancing provocatively. The guys were now chanting "Take it off." She removed her maid outfit and was down to her lingerie. At the start of the third song, all those eyes on her had her hot. With her back to the group, she unhooked her bra and let it drop. She danced with her back facing them before placing her arm over her chest and turning to face the group. The guys were clapping and wolf whistling. At the first chorus, she moved her arm and showed her tits to the guys. They went nuts. She danced like that to the rest of the song.
She danced for one more song, using every move she could think of. She grinded on the floor, caressed her body, and spread her legs. She humped the air and shook her ass. She did everything to keep them drooling. She faced away from them and bent at the waist, slowly lifting back up.
She saw so much money all over the floor, she assumed she was doing a good job. The guys were drooling over her. They begged her to take it all off. She was constantly shaking her ass in their faces, feeling them slip bills in her underwear.
While grinding on the floor, she decided this was her one shot to be completely naked in front of people without them knowing who she was. She stood up and faced away from them. She had her legs together and hooked her thumbs in her waistband. She bent over and slowly peeled them down, all the way to her heels. She stood and stepped out of them with one leg. She turned to face the group and kicked the thong over to Frank. She turned back around, spread her legs, and bent over, clearly showing her ass and pussy to the guys. They were screaming and cheering. She took note of her situation. Her clothes were snatched up by the guys and everything was on display. While dancing around, she noticed the staff were peaking in and stealing glimpses of the naked stripper, not realizing it was their boss.
When the song ended, she blew kisses. She crawled on the floor naked, picking up her money. This made her feel so cheap, so used, so turned on. With money in hand, she approached the guys, asking for her clothes back. They said they would trade it for lap dances. She was so turned on, she was losing herself in the moment. She agreed, letting them know that she'll start after her next songs for lap dances. She grabbed her clothes, put her money in her duffel bag, and walked out naked, beaming, to freshen up.
She went to the bathroom and got dressed. She wiped the sweat off and sprayed new perfume. She got lost in the scent. This day has been her favorite adventure so far and she can't wait to see where it goes.
As she leaves the bathroom, she sees Dr. Piston in the hall, waiting for her. Before he could even utter a word, she grabbed his hand and pulled him into the ladies room. He looked confused but she took advantage and kissed him. She reached down and started rubbing his cock through his pants. Without wasting any time, she dropped to her knees and undid his belt, pulling down his pants and underwear in one motion. She didn't know what got into her, but she took his cock into her mouth and started blowing him.
She didn't want this to end. While continuing, she reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his phone. He looked confused, but she eased him with a wink. She pulled off her mask and wig, and held the phone out. She took several pictures of herself, clearly identifiable, with a cock in her mouth. This sent him over the edge and he came right down her throat. She swallowed every bit and licked his cock clean.
While he pulls up his pants, she thanks him for this opportunity. She confesses that she's always wanted to be pushed to do more sexual acts, but hasn't been able to incorporate it herself. She wishes she could end every adventure with a cock in her mouth.
She hands him back his phone saying that she would do anything to prevent that picture from being seen, no matter how many times she had to beg. She winks at him and cleans herself up. She puts on her school girl outfit and heads back to the party.
Christine stands in the door and gestures to the DJ. As the music starts, she danced right to the center and starts another routine, this time getting fully naked by the end of the first song. She dances naked to 2 more songs. She dances closer to each of the guys, borderline lap dance style, and even feels them slap her ass and grope her tits. She doesn't stop them.
She finishes up again and collects all of the money on the floor. She adds this money in her duffel bag. She announces that she'll give private lap dances and winks at Dr. Piston. She goes into an office, putting on lingerie only, and waits.
She gets a text message from Dr. Piston stating that he told the guys she would happily blow them if they wanted. They just had to be aggressive and make her do it. She should even thank then. If she didn't blow them or thank them, they should tell him so he can address it. She shudders reading 'Remember, I still have the slideshow and I can add another picture...' This is the push she was hoping for.
Frank comes in first and she sits him down. She turns on the music and starts dancing on him. Very quickly her tits are out and rubbing them in his face. She can feel his bulge and she smiles. She rubs herself on it and even adjusts it for him as she turns around. The second song starts and she continues dancing on him. She uses every move she could think of, but he never makes a move. After the song she kisses his cheek. He gets up with a huge bulge and smile and rejoins the group.
She puts her bra back on and follows him out. "Who's next?"
Ted stands up and follows her in. He sits down, ready for a lap dance. From the getgo, he is very handsy. He's smacking her ass as she grinds on him, groping her tits through her bra, and caressing her whole body.
Christine turns around and pushes her chest in his face. She unhooks her bra and let's it go. He immediately grabs the bra and throws it. His eyes light up and he reaches out, pinching both her nipples. Every hair on her body stands up and she immediately turns red. She thought she was in control, but immediately goes shy. She is still grinding on him. She is mustering up the courage to take the next step. He smiles at her, undies his belt, and leans back in his chair, making it obvious what he wants.
Christine slides down to her knees and feels him through his pants. She suddenly realizes that the longer she takes, the more obvious it is and the more impatient people will be. She undoes his pants and pulls his dick out. She rubs it while trying to make a sexy face. She takes him into her mouth and blows him. This is the first sex act that is a result of her adventures. This thought floods her mind and turns her on more. She works him until she feels him tense up. He grabs her head and holds her while exploding in her mouth. She does her best to swallow every drop but it dribbles down her chin onto her chest.
As she backs off, she is speechless. He puts his pants on, and throws money on the floor. She feels like a cheap whore. She smiles and thanks him. She looks around but can't find a mirror or towel. She didn't think this through. She puts her skirt back on, but takes off her thong. She uses her thong to wipe up. It's not working great because there's not much to it and it's already wet, but it does the job.
She puts her bra back on and comes out. The next guy comes in to a similar start. This guy, however, notices her lack of panties and keeps trying to touch her. Every touch is like electric, making her shudder in ecstasy. When her bra comes off while facing him, he puts his hand on her head and pulls her down. She drops to her knees and blows him, this time more confident. When he cums in her mouth, she swallows and thanks him.
She wipes her mouth with her thong again, gets dressed and welcomes the next guy. She's feeling more confident now so she tries a new move. While sitting facing him, she leans back and touches the floor. She does a hand stand in front of him and wraps her legs around his head. Her pussy is inches from his mouth and he immediately takes advantage, licking her. She pulls back up before it gets too far and starts blowing him before he even had the chance to force her. She remembers to thank him on his way out.
The next guy isn't so adventurous, showing more reserve. He doesn't touch her or anything so she just gives him a traditional lap dance.
When she comes out again, she sees Ted and Dr. Piston talking to John, her worker. She hears Dr. Piston call out "John, why don't you take your break and get in on this action". They discuss a little further before Dr. Piston coerces him to go to her. This makes Christine very nervous.
"Don't you work here?" Christine asked, hoping to scare him away.
"I don't think the boss would mind." Dr. Piston replied. But if you're worried, Ted, John, and I could go ask her if he can go on break and have a little fun. If I know Christine, I think she wouldn't mind. Let's go ask her."
Christine realizes that if they went looking for her, they'd find an empty office. This would raise suspicion and possibly expose her. "Wait! We wouldn't want her to shut down the fun, would we?" She replied. She realizes she is stuck. She'll have to dance for, and possibly suck off her front desk employee.
"He's green, so give him the special treatment." Dr. Piston said with an evil grin and a wink.
Christine pulls him into the room and sits him down. She turns on the music and says "Two songs". She sits on his lap and half heartedly shakes her ass. He immediately reaches around her, shoves his hands in her bra, and sharply pinches her nipples. She thought him awkward and passive, and is caught off guard. She turns around, looking down, but sees he is oggling her chest. "Dr. Piston told me to do that and you'd know what to do." He says. As she kneels, he sheeply asks "Can you still take it off?".
Christine unhooks her bra and tosses it aside. He reaches and gropes them again. She pulls his hands away and unbuttons his pants. She doesn't want to do this, but knows the consequences. She reaches in his underwear and feels for his cock. She pulls it out and notices it is much bigger than she would have imagined. She is impressed. She starts jerking it, trying to get him to cum quicker. After a bit, she leans forward and takes his dick in her mouth. She is now sucking off her own employee.
John starts getting into it and wants to feel big like the rich golfers. He grabs his dick and starts smacking Christine's face with it. She should protest but for some reason deep inside of her, feels compelled to go along with it. When he stops, she starts sucking him again. She feels his hands on the back of her head and he starts thrusting. She is being facefucked by her employee, and she's dripping wet. She takes the assault as best as she can, trying to get him to cum.
She finally starts to feel him tense and he pushes forward, knocking her backward. Just as she stabilizes, he cums on her face and tits. After finishing, he turns bright red and started stuttering. "I'm..I.. I'm sorry. I..ugghh..sorry. Th.th.thanks.". He pulls his pants up, stumbling in the act, and runs out of the room, leaving the door open. Some golfers look in and see her sitting in the floor covered in cum. She is mortified and reaches for her bra, covering her tits. She can feel the cum squish on her chest. She wipes her face and her arm is covered in cum. She can't believe how big of a load John just shot.
She grabs her panties and walks fast past the group while they laugh and whistle. She runs to the bathroom and looks in the mirror. There is cum on her mask, in her wig, on her face, on her skirt, down her chest/stomach, and now dripped on the outside of her bra. She takes in the sight of her, a cheap cum whore. She immediately pulls up her skirt and starts rubbing her pussy. The way she feels, she would fuck someone if they came in the bathroom right now. She rubs herself to orgasm, collapsing on the floor.
She realizes that she left her clothes, phone, and keys to her office in the party room. She will have to go back. Her confidence has wained, realizing she probably shouldn't have orgasmed. She takes off her bra and rinses it under the sink. She does the same for her skirt. She wipes herself off with paper towels and puts the lingerie outfit back on.
She then tries to wipe her mask and wig carefully. When she gets herself as clean as possible, she walks back to the party. The guys are very drunk and cheer when she comes in. She tries to beeline to the back room but is stopped by the guests admiring her and offering her drinks. They insist she drink to the groom. She accepts and is now drinking with several guys whose cocks she just sucked.
At least they are making her feel welcome and sexy. She is having fun and one drink turns into 3 or 4. She's starting to feel drunk. One guy asks to try on her mask and reaches for it. Luckily she ducked back just in time to not be exposed, but fell in the process. In doing so her skirt flew up exposing her pussy to everyone, leading to an eruption of cheers. Ted tries to convince her to take off her clothing completely. "Everyone has already seen you naked and it's probably not very comfortable while it's wet." The room started chanting and she got caught up in the moment. She downed her next drink and tossed her bra and skirt into the crowd. She continued to drink naked with them. She could see the phones snapping pictures left and right.
She realized it was getting a little out of hand and tried to regain her control. She asked for her clothes back, but the group just laughed. One guy called out they would trade it for the mask. She couldn't risk it and decided to go along for the ride so she could sneak to the back and get her phone and keys, and get out of there.
Several guys made many advances to sleep with her, even getting very handsy. She excused herself for the bathroom and when they weren't looking, she darted for the lap dance room. She looked around but couldn't find her keys or phone. She went back out and couldn't find her duffel back containing her clothes either. She started to panic. If someone were to unlock her phone, it would expose her and ruin her. In looking around, she locked eyes with Dr. Piston across the room. He was the only one who knew her secret so he was her best option. She went over to him and asked for help. She needed to get back her phone and keys.
He smiled and held them up. She sighed in relief. "Thank you for grabbing them for me."
"Whoa, slow down," he said. "You didn't thank John after blowing him. That's breaking the rules. You'll have to pay the price. I'll give you a choice," he continued. "Option 1: you let these guys know that you enjoyed this party so much that you'll gladly do another party for them. You'll have to give them your personal number though. Or, option 2: I'll remove your car key but give you the rest of the keys and your phone, but I'll keep the clothes. You'll have to bargain with our guests to get a ride home."
As much as this was killing her, deep down Christine loved this game. She didn't know if it was the alcohol, her horniness, or both, but this turned her on. Should she beg one of the guests to have their driver drive her home, potentially revealing her address, or should she subject herself to being on call to do these parties more often. Certainly, this should be an impossible choice because of the terrible options, but she couldn't figure out which option she wanted more.
She was nervous but excited at the same time. She could definitely see herself doing this again, but she so badly wanted to be driven naked. Something about that was so appealing. She told Dr. Piston she would get a ride home. He took off her car key and said he'd return it to her next time he saw her.
She excused herself and snuck into her office. She opened her safe and got her work phone. She called John and told him that something came up and she had to leave. She asked him see everyone out and to lock up after they left.
She then walked around and decided to try her luck at getting home. She thought her best bet would be with Ted, who planned this party. She approached him and started flirting with him. She gave a pouty face and told him she lost her clothes and couldn't drive. She said she would be so thankful if he would have her driven home. "How thankful?" he asked with a look on her eye. She wasn't in control anymore and automatically blurted out "You tell me."
"You got it, dear. But just know, the price is high. You better be willing to pay it".
"I guarantee it" she said.
As she grabbed her bag and prepared to leave for the night, something was nagging at her. She had such a great night and was struggling to see it end. Almost at the door, she decided she couldn't let this be the end. She walked back in the room and all eyes were back on her.
"I had such a good time with all of you tonight. This was the best night of my life. It would be a shame if I never saw any of you again. I tell you what. If you ever have another party, you call me directly and I promise I will put on the best show. You tell me what you want and I'll do it. You've seen what I'm able to do, so let's see how we can top this. I love you all."
With that, Christine yelled out her cell phone number and saw everyone quickly write it down on phones, napkins, or whatever they could get their hands on. She saw a smirk on Dr. Piston's face and she smiled, knowing that she didn't disappoint him. Turning towards the door, she saw John quickly jotting down her phone number. She didn't anticipate this and it sobered her up a little, but she faked a smile.
John escorted Ted and Christine out, thanking her for the best night of his life. He said he would definitely hire her again.
In the car, Ted got in the back seat with Christine, telling her to tell the driver her address. She gave leaned forward and tried to give her address to the driver without Ted hearing. She say back and off they went. Ted looked at her and said "Now, as for that payment...". He undid his belt and pulled off his pants. Christine took the hint and leaned over to blow him. He stopped her and said she already did that. It's time to show him what else she has to offer. With that, he turned her towards the window on all fours. He then rubbed his cock against her pussy and slowly inserted. He pushed until he was balls deep.
"Beg for it," he said. She couldn't believe she was doing it, but she begged him to fuck her. She asked for it hard and fast. He fucked her like he was trying to split her in half, smacking her ass so hard he was leaving hand prints. As he started to grunt and tense, he turned her around and pushed her down. He shoved his cock in her face and jerked until he came on her face, splattering her face and hair. He told her to leave it on for the ride. He snapped a picture of her.
When they got to her address, she thanked him for the ride and got out. She sped walked up her driveway and quickly entered her house. She caught site if herself in her mirror, wearing only stiletto heels, a small mask, and cum. She was the epitome of a whore. She couldn't look away. She snapped a picture with her phone to remember this. In her trance, she reached down and touched herself, bringing herself to an orgasm starting at this stranger staring back at her. When she came to, the thrill high was wearing down. She went to the bathroom, took off her disguise, and showered the night off of her. She fell asleep with seconds of laying in bed.