It found it strangely exciting, just standing there, these strangers looking at every part of my body. I felt so sexy, wearing my revealing maid's outfit, my breasts protruding from the side of my pinafore. I was so aware, that if I moved my breasts would move too, exposing myself to these strangers.
I have always been conscious of my large nipples and they were rock hard now, trying to poke through the sheer material.
Shit I was excited, I felt uncomfortable, as my pussy was wanting, no, demanding some attention. Oh if I could only finger myself for a few minutes, giving my pussy that release it so needed.
Rich looked at me, smiling, that naughty smile, a knowing smile, only he was aware of what was ahead. I was glad of the alcohol I had earlier, I was more relaxed, ready for my experience ahead.
Rich interrupted my thoughts, "What do you think gentlemen? Isn't Victoria the sexiest woman you have ever laid eyes on?"
The strangers all n added together in agreement, still looking at me exploring my body.
"So," Rich continued. "I know none of you have ever been this close to a beautiful black lady before, never mind touch one. Let's see if we can sort that out, right now."
The man on the far left, said, "Shit Rich, she is just stunning, mate, I would love to touch her."
"Thanks Jon, you're dreams and fantasies will be coming true." Rich replied.
"So, what do you think of her uniform?" Rich continued, "Check out this material." Rich said, feeling my lacy pinafore with the back of his hand rubbing against my left breast and when he glanced my erect nipple, it was like an electric shock, bolting through my body, running straight to my pussy, making me even wetter.
"Fuck?" I thought, "What was that? Good god I have never been this turned on."
I was beginning to see what Rich had planned for me and see the what was about to unfold.
"I am the centre of attention, the fantasy of these strangers, so let's have some fun, give them the night of their lives." I thought.
"These men will be masturbating, lots of times, for years to come, thinking of me and the experiences we will have tonight. I am their fantasy, their object of their desire."
Jon got up and came to me, slowly. He was a middle aged man, wearing in a nice white shirt and grey trousers, had a decent body, clean and you could tell he looked after himself. He was very excited, I could see a large bulge in the front of his trousers. As he had got up, he moved his cock beneath his trousers, trying to conceal his large, obvious bulge.
I smiled inside remembering how Rich, when he got excited, had to move his cock around, so the growing muscle did not hurt or if he was uncomfortable. I would tease him, whispering in his ear, "I have no panties on," or "I am horny and wet." The watch him move uncomfortably, adjusting is trousers as his cock grew hard.
With Rich's guidance, Jon felt the silky material of my pinafore. I could see the other men, looking, seeing how far Jon was allowed to go, waiting for their turn. Rich let Jon have a good feel of the material, showing him how the material felt against my firm breasts, his hand touching my left my firm flesh. "Feel her breast Jon, go on," Rich told him.
I felt of his warm hand as it explored me, squeezing my erect nipple the excitement shooting through me. I closed my eyes, I was so excited, the touch releasing some of my sexual tension as he played with my erect nipple. I aware of the movement of my body, my expressions closely followed by the expectant men on the settee. "Explore beneath the pinafore Jon," Rich encouraged him.
Jon's hand moved under the material playing, squeezing my breasts, moving his hand over my flat tummy, Rich said, "Her breasts are so firm Jon, feel them, see how firm and see how her nipples are so hard at your touch."
Jon walked around to my back, his hands moved around me, exploring under the thin material. His hands squeezing, massaging my breasts, his fingers started to roll my firm nipples, "God," I groaned, " this feels so fucking good."
My eyes were closed, enjoying the moment, his touch, forgetting who he was, where I was. I pushed my booty back, feeling Jon's hard cock against my hard ass. I pushed harder against him, forgetting everything, just filled with desire, wanting his hard cock inside me, my pussy so wet, I wanted him, I wanted anyone.
I was startled from my thoughts by Rich's familiar voice, "Thank you Jon, I see Victoria enjoyed that," sating it with small giggle.
"Turn around Victoria" Rich ordered.
"Yes master" I obeyed.
Acutely aware that my small skirt, I obeyed, my back was bare and I also realised my pussy was very wet and wondered if they can see my wet pussy.
"Your turn Ian." I Rich said.
I look around. I could see the man in the centre get up, I could see his crouch bulging, the firm cock very prominent. Ian was slim, in his late 30's, smartly dressed, wearing a nice blue polo shirt and tight chinos. His cock was even prominent as he stood up as the material tightened over the shaft.
I looked away as Rich said, "Ian, go on your knees, have a good look at that perfect booty, get close, touch it, worship it."
I felt his hands slowly touch me, moving up my skirt, exploring my round curves. I felt his lips kiss my left cheek, then the right, staying there for a while, as his hands moved slowly up my silky legs, all we way to my bare flesh, his hands almost touching my wet pussy.
"Open your legs wider Victoria," Rich ordered.
I obeyed, letting Ian gain access to crutch and ass. His hands moved higher, I felt his fingers rub slowly against my wet, swollen lips. His fingers glancing the moistness, making me jump, ever so slightly at his touch. "Fuck,,,,," I thought, "I am dying for your fingers and the bastard only glanced my cunt."
Ian gained confidence, and start to explore my swollen lips.
"God she so wet," Ian said.
"Fuck, no kidding!!" I was thought.
I lowered myself slightly, inviting his fingers to enter me, to put me out of this torture.
Yet again Rich jolted me out of my little world, "Turn around." He ordered.
I obeyed like a good maid. Ian had stood up and was standing in front of me. He was smelling his fingers, looked at me. He was embarrassed, caught smelling my sex on his fingers, he didn't expect me to turn around. A few seconds went by, his eyes looking into mine and slowly, he licked my wet excitement off is fingers.
"He's getting into this." I thought. "Naughty boy."
He smiled, still looking into my eyes," Ambrosia Victoria, pure ambrosia."
This was strange, here I am, almost naked and this man, this Ian, was tasting my wetness, licking it from his fingers. Shit,,, this is fucking wonderful. "God I love you Rich," I thought, " I will repay you, ten fold"
I moved away from his eyes and looked down at straining crutch, the material stretching with excitement, his hard cock, trying to get free, all because of me. Mmmmmm.
I looked up, returning to his eyes, and in a low sexy voice, replied "Yes Master, I have lot more for you master"
Ian's cheeks redden slightly and I returned a little smile.
"Dave, come over here." Rich interrupted.
Ian returned to the settee, as he sat down he adjust his straining cock, making himself comfortable.
"They are loving this," I thought, "I am their fantasy come true, they want me, desire me." I stood there, grinning from ear to ear.
Dave stood up, he was a young guy, looked about 19 or more, a few years younger than me. He had an athletic build and I could see he was nervous and shy. He wore nice trousers and a smart tight t-shirt. His excitement was a lot bigger than Ian or Jon. I kept looking at his bulge. "MMMM cant wait to feel this," I was thought.
Rich whispered something into his ear, and smiled.
"Go on, she won't bite." Rich said.
Dave walked over to me and with a shaky voice ordered, "Lift the front of your skirt right up Victoria"
I looked at him as with both hands holding the sides of my silky skirt, I slowly lifted the front, knowing that the small white, (now very wet triangle of material) would hide nothing. Ian and Jon had a great view, as I lifted my skirt higher, exposing myself to them all.
Dave took in the sexy view as his right hand slowly moved over to my pussy. He started rubbing my shaven pussy, his fingers exploring the wet opening, a finger entering my very wet cunt. It went inside, moving slowly up and down, it felt wonderful as it explored me. My eyes were closed and I groaned. Only Dave would have heard my sound, then he took his finger out. I opened my eyes, disappointed , wanting more.
He lifted his right index finger, moved it to my mouth. I could smell the juices as it passed my nose, the familiar smell Rich loved so much. He then inserted the wet finger into my open mouth. I tasted my salty liquid and started to drink it all, sucking my sex off his finger, I could still smell myself as I looked into Dave's eyes.
I wrapped my lips around his wet finger and started move my mouth back and forward, as if giving him a slow blow job. I kept my eyes on his, slowly played with his finger with my tongue Dave's face began to redden.
I felt great, I was beginning to enjoy myself, open up and play this sexy game, my game. Dave took his finger away from my eager mouth. It returned to my eager pussy and he started to rub my clit.
His other hand exploring my round ass, "He is inexperienced" I thought.
"I will enjoy teaching him."
I opened my legs, inviting Dave to enter me, explore me, touch me. I closed my eyes, as I pushed my hips into his hand, wanting him to enter me deeper.
I was suddenly ripped away from my pleasure.
"Thank you Dave." I heard Rich say.
"Fuck!!" I thought "Bastard".
Dave sat down and I watched as he settled beside Ian and Jon. I looked at them all. I then looked at Rich, I could see his face, returning my gaze, he was smiling.
"Have I pleased you Master?" I said, returning his smile.
"Yes, Victoria, you have been a good girl." He replied.
"I wonder what he has in store for me next?" I wondered.