Hey baby,
I can't believe it's been less than 48 hours since you left. It feels like a life time. This long distance sucks.
Last night's phone call was fun though, huh?! I love hearing you cum for me like that baby. Nothing compares to touching you for real, feeling your cock inside me...but listening to you stroke your cock for me is so sexy.
So anyway about this dream I text you about. I figured it would be easier to tell you in an email and maybe we could discuss it on the phone again tonight?
So, we were in a dark room some place, I'm not sure where but there was a faint sound of music in the distance which made me think it was a party. I had my back pressed against the wall and you were kissing me and running your hands over my body.
I noticed there was someone stood there, some guy just watching us. I whispered to you that there was someone there and you said you knew.
You told him to come closer. You went back to kissing me and slowly worked the straps of my dress down. I'm not sure if I couldn't move or I just didn't want to. I stood there as you exposed my breasts, not just to you but to this stranger. You told him I had sensitive breasts. He took a step towards me and you told him he couldn't fucking touch me. He could look but not touch.
You kissed my neck and just played with my breast with one hand. The other hand was on my back just stroking gently. Reassuring me.
All I knew is I didn't want you to stop touching me.
You told this stranger that I liked it when you made love to me. That I liked it when you were slow, when you took your time. Then you told him I also like it rough. That I like it when you just take me.
You ran the flat of your tongue over one of my nipples and then just circled it with your tongue. I moaned your name and heard the stranger groan too. I didn't care about him.
I cared about how good you were making me feel.
You asked him if he wanted to see me cum. He said yes. You took one nipple in your mouth and sucked on it while your fingers were working my other one. You knew exactly what to do to make me whimper. My breathing got quicker and I was squeezing my legs together to try and ease the throbbing of my clit.
It was at that point you stopped. You kissed me and slid your thigh between my legs. I moaned against your mouth, your tongue in my mouth.
You started kissing my neck again and told the stranger that I was sensitive there too. With your face against my neck, licking and kissing and sucking me, you tugged down the rest of my dress. I was stood there in just my lacy black underwear that barely covered my pussy. I heard a zip go and I knew it wasn't yours. I knew the stranger must have his cock out now but I didn't care. My focus was all on you.
You stepped back from me, just slightly so you could look at me. You rested your forehead against mine and I could tell you were breathing heavy too. I was aching to reach out to touch you but I knew better. I knew that wasn't part of the plan.
We stood there a few seconds, just looking at each other. Aching for each other.
Without taking your eyes off mine, you slid your hand down and pulled my underwear to the side. Without looking at him you told the stranger that I had the tightest pussy you'd ever had. That I was always wet and ready for you. Still with your eyes on mine you found my clit with one finger. You circled it slowly. My legs started to shake and you told me to hold on to you because you wouldn't be stopping. I closed my eyes and let my head drop back and you just said "that's it baby".
You shifted your hand slightly so you could slide a finger inside me, then another, while still rubbing my clit with your thumb. You took a nipple in your mouth as you kept working me and I let my head drop onto your shoulder as I just gave into it. My legs started to shake.
You straightened up and took your fingers from me and slid them into my mouth. We heard the stranger groan as I sucked on your fingers. He asked what I tasted like. Your eyes never left mine as I kept sucking your fingers. I didn't answer. I knew you wouldn't want me to. You kept watching me suck on your fingers, and just said he would never know because my pussy belonged to you.
I started rolling my tongue around your fingers. We both knew I wanted to be sucking on your cock instead. You leant forward and whispered "later" in my ear so only I could hear, then worked your lips down so you could kiss my neck again. You slipped your fingers from my mouth and started to work my breasts again. I was so fucking close already. You weren't as gentle this time. Each touch was a bit rougher, you squeezed my nipple between your finger and thumb and made me gasp.
I needed to cum for you. I just said "baby..." And you said "I know sweetheart" in that way that drives me crazy.
You dropped to your knees and took off my underwear completely. I was stood there completely naked. You cupped my pussy in your hand and looked up at me and said "mine". I nodded. You told me to say it. As I said "I'm yours baby" you lifted one leg and hooked it over your shoulder and put your whole mouth over me. I leant back against the wall and gripped your hair. I knew I was going to cum quickly. You weren't messing around, you sucked my clit straight into your mouth.
I could see over your shoulder that the stranger was wanking his cock watching us. I didn't care. All I cared about was how turned on you made me. How fucking good your tongue felt swirling around inside me.
I started to shake and I moaned your name. You just murmured the word "go" against my clit and I cum so hard for you, my hands on the back of your head, just keeping you there. You kept licking and sucking as my orgasm went on and on.
When it passed you just kissed my pussy and stood back up. You kissed me and I could taste myself again on your tongue. You dressed me, helping me put my dress back on. We left my underwear there on the floor. I glanced over at the stranger and could see he'd cum all over himself. You didn't give him a second look. You just took my hand and led me out of the room without saying a word.
It was one of the hottest dreams I've ever had baby. You know how I love it when you take control like that. How hard I cum against your tongue. I miss it already.
I love you baby. Call me tonight when you're home.
Your Amy x