The old adage goes that hot girls seem to travel in packs. I found this to be true when I started dating my now wife, Jen. She is a gorgeous woman with a nice tight body. This description could easily describe 5 or 6 of her best friends. To follow is the first of a few stories where I found myself naked with her sexy friends. Names have been changed.
First a bit about me. I'm in my mid-20s. I'm in decent shape, athletic build, some abs but not crazy defined. I have a bunch of tattoos. In short, I'm a pretty good looking guy. I'm fairly healthy, and I visit my doctor once a year for a physical. That's where my first story starts.
It started like any other day. My wife left for work and I started to get ready for my doctor's visit. I don't see my regular doctor usually for physicals. Instead I see her nurse practitioner Maggie, an Asian woman in her early 30s. Although Maggie has always been professional for my visits, I get a certain thrill from a sexy Asian woman having her hands all over my body.
I try to look fresh for Maggie. I spend extra time in the shower cleaning myself and I trim up my pubic hair into a tight triangle right above cock. Although I have a raging erection, I ignore it; I haven't had any release in a couple of days and I'm saving that pent up energy for my exam. Last year during my exam I started to get aroused and the look of shock on her face from seeing just my semi-erect cock was amazing. This year I hope to achieve a full on erection while she examines my cock and balls.
The day proceeds as usual. I arrive at the doctor's office and am ushered back to the room where a nurse takes my vitals. She instructs me to undress and put on the gown. After she leaves, I quickly remove all my clothes, I glance at my naked body in the mirror on the door. My abs look tight and my cock is slightly enlarged. I give it a few pumps to get it ready and put on the gown. I sit and wait anxiously.
After what seems like forever, Maggie comes in. Under her lab coat, she is wearing a form fitting black dress with a plunging neckline that just reveals the subtle hint of cleavage. Her breasts may be a large B or small C: a perfect handful. The dress follows her tight body all the way down to her legs where it ends halfway down her thigh.
"Good morning, Matt." She extends her hand to me and we shake hands. I feel my cock jump at her touch. She goes to the computer and sits down. She crosses her legs and the dress rides up her thigh almost all the way to her ass. We make small talk while she goes over my chart and then she finally turns to me and says.
"Ok, so I have a college student who is doing some clinical work with me here at the office. She is training to be a nurse practitioner and has been shadowing me for the last couple of weeks. If it wouldn't be a problem, I'd like her to sit in on your exam so she can get some experience."
My heart skips a beat as it struggles to pump blood down to my growing erection. I consider it for a second (a formality at this point because I already know my answer) and then begin to nod.
"Yeah, I don't think that should be an issue."
"Perfect!" She claps her hands together and stands, moving to the door and exiting. The door opens a moment later and her student walks in. My eyes suddenly widen.
Jen's friend Linda walks through the door and goes to sit at the computer without even looking at me. She's a short hispanic girl, couldn't be taller than 5'2. She has shoulder length black hair that she keeps in a pony tail and an ass that rappers write songs about. Her breasts are about the same size as Maggie's, but hers are a bit more visible under her lab coat.
She sits and looks over at me and I see the same shock in her eyes that must have been in mine. Her mouth opens wide but nothing comes out and I see a sly smile on the edges of her lips. Maggie walks in and Linda attempts to look professional. I look over at Maggie.
"Alright than. Matt, this is Linda." Linda reaches out and shakes my hand, giving it a playful squeeze.
"Nice to meet you, Matt." I nod at her
"So Linda and I will be doing your exam today. I will do what i normally do and then I'll have Linda repeat the process if that's ok." I nod my head in affirmation. I sit tense on the table. I can feel my cock growing between my legs and I look down to make sure the gown hasn't begun to bulge. So far, the way I'm sitting has kept my raging cock pointing straight with my legs.
Maggie begins the exam in the usual way. Blood pressure and heartbeat. Maggie finishes up and Linda repeats. When Linda begins to press her stethoscope against my chest, I have a superb view down her shirt at her cleavage. My cock jumps and I feel it press against the gown. Linda looks up at me; she must have seen.
After this, they open up the back of my gown and listen to my lungs. Linda's hands glide along my bare skin, giving me goose bumps. My cock is fully erect and pulsing beneath my gown. After several other checks, Maggie says:
"Ok it's time to examine your groin." She turns to Linda and continues, "I'll normally just do some checks to make sure everything looks and feels ok and that there are no lumps." She looks back to me. "Ok Matt, if you could just lay back for me." Her and Linda turn to retrieve gloves from the sink.
Now comes the moment of truth. I begin to lower myself onto my back and as I do, my erect cock follows, pressing up against the gown. When I am all the way on my back, I look down and see that my cock has tented the gown up. I close my eyes. Then comes a sharp gasp.
I open my eyes and Linda has covered her mouth with one of her hands. I can see the smile she's concealing pealing up at the corners of her mascara'd eyes. Maggie turns around at the sound of Linda's gasp and let's out a little "oh" herself. After a moment, she turns to Linda:
"This is perfectly normal, I get this all the time. Nothing for anyone to be embarrassed about." Linda nods and they both move towards me. I look down and see the gown going up and down slightly as my cock pulses. Maggie stands on my left and Linda stands on my right. "Ok, Matt, I'm just going to lift this up for a moment." I nod at her.
Maggie grabs the corners of my gown and pulls it up to my stomach. As she does, my cock stands straight up and her arm grazes against the tip of my cock. She apologizes. Now my cock is in full view. I'm about 8 inches long and thick. I look over at Linda and see her lips parting slightly in a silent "wow". She stares intently at my cock as Maggie takes it her hand. She gingerly feels the tip and the shaft, moving it from side to side as she examines it. She lets go and it resumes it's position as she begins to feel my balls for lumps. She rolls them in her fingers. I didn't think my cock could get any harder, but it seems to tense up more. After this, she presses against my lower abdomen just above my cock, her gloved fingers sliding through my neatly trimmed pubic hair.
Seemingly satisfied, she says: "Alright, Linda. Now it's your turn." I turn towards Linda and she looks at me with a sideways glance, a small smile on her face. She reaches down and grabs my thick shaft, wrapping her fingers around it until her middle finger and thumb can almost touch. Maggie interjects "No, not like that. More like this." Maggie sticks her hand back on my cock and with her other, repositions Linda's into a more professional position.
"Oh, sorry." she whispers with a faux innocence. As her fingers go up and down my cock, she rests her other hand against my lower abdomen. She moves her hand down to my balls and holds them firmly in her hands. When she finishes, she lets her hand glide gently up my shaft before grabbing my gown and pulling down to cover me again.
"Alright, that about does it. You can sit up Matt." As I sit up, Maggie turns to discard her gloves. I look at Linda and she gives me a quick wink. "Again Matt, I appreciate you letting Linda sit in on your exam, and unless something happens, I'll see you next year." Maggie shakes my hand. Linda reaches out to shake my hand also.
"Pleasure to meet you," I say.
She smiles as she turns to walk out. "No, the pleasure was all mine." When the door closes, I let out a long exhale. I gather my things and get dressed. As I walk through the waiting room to leave, Linda is sitting with the secretaries, whispering feverishly. When they see me, they get quiet and try to stifle laughs. Linda points at me and I look down, seeing my cock bulging in my pants. The girls all start laughing now.
When I get in my car, I sit there for what feels like hours. My erection slowly begins to go down and my heart rate steadies. After some time, I feel my phone vibrate. It's a message from Linda:
"Jen is a lucky girl, huh?"
I contemplate my response. As I start to type, another message appears.
"You should go home and take care of that Maybe this will help..."
And then a picture of Linda in her lab coat appears. Just her lab coat. Her light brown breasts accentuate with quarter sized dark brown nipples pokes out from the lapels of the coat. One of her legs is lifted and crossed to the side to hide her pussy, but a small tuft of dark brown pubic hair is barely visible. My cock is suddenly hard again and I struggle to respond. My mouth is agape. And then another message:
"It's ok. I was shocked when I saw yours too ;)"
I look over towards the building and I see Linda standing by the entrance. She waves to me. I wave back and put the car into I drive. I've never driven home so fast in my life.