Chapter 3
Scarlett woke around 6am on Wednesday morning, a little early for her. Restless within herself and she knew the reason why...she needed to be seen again, to be watched as she came. Just that thought made Scarlett close her eyes and squeeze her breasts and thighs tight together. All throughout her morning routine a small portion of her mind ran through plan after plan, scenario after scenario whereby she'd be seen naked and if possible, while making herself cum. Scarlett picked out her outfit and did her make up. Scarlett bounced down the stairs in her oversized hoodie and skater jeans. Neither her outfit or simple style make up gave away the fact that yet again, she wasn't wearing any panties. She headed off to Uni a little early that day, taking the drive easy and listening to her favourite songs.
Getting through the classes seemed to help her keep her mind off her naughtier thoughts about being naked in public. After her 2nd class she got a text from her friend Lucy. Lunch? and a smiley face emoji. Scarlett replied instantly and the two arranged to meet outside Lucy's class which was ending in 15mins. Scarlett waited in the hallway, reading through the posters and adverts decorating the walls until her eyes stopped dead in their tracks on small A4 sized piece of paper, in bold black letters it read: nude life models needed - £50 per hour.
Scarlett stared at the advert and her heart raced, images appeared in her mind of being surrounded by people staring intently at her naked body. Her breathing became slightly heavier and she discreetly squeezed her left breast as she moved closer to read the rest of the advert. Scarlett's mind was made up before she finished reading and she begun to take down the email address attached. Just as she'd finished Lucy appeared from nowhere and shocked Scarlett back into the moment.
"Hey Scar - how you doing babes?" Lucy enquired tilting her head slightly "Looks like I caught you in another world"
Scarlett quickly put her phone away checking that the email address was saved for later. "Yeah, you know me, always away with the fairies in my happy place" Scarlett replied whimsically. Lucy laughed it off as she grabbed onto Scarlett's arm and led her out of the art building. The pair made small talk as they made the journey to the cafe. Noticing just how busy it was, the two ladies looked at each other. "I'll go grab us some bits - you grab that table over there." Lucy gestured behind Scarlett to a small round plastic table sat under a large tree. "Sounds good," Scarlett replied, taking Lucy's bags and hers and heading off.
Scarlett sat alone waiting for her friend to return, scrolling through socials and different apps on her phone. She took a quick look up from her phone and checked her surroundings. She returned to her phone and called up her favourite new website. A simple forum and live chat site for exhibitionsists. Scarlett scrolled down through the endless posts until one caught her eye. Reading these exploits and seeing some of the naughty pics people shared got Scarlett very aroused. Looking around again at the mass of people moving, talking, eating their lunches. Scarlett decided to be daring...she pulled her arm inside her oversized hoodie so no one could see her left arm or hand. Keeping her eyes on the crowd, Scarlett's hand slipped down inside her skater jeans and reached the top of her teenage pussy. Sliding two fingers over her damp pussy only increased the wetness. Scarlett blinked rapidly a few times from the sensation and her breathing got heavier. "Right here... in front of my whole University.... Ohhh god yes...i want it...i want to cum for all of them." Scarlett thought to herself, seriously struggling to act normal now. The naughty exhibitionist inside her roared. She bit her bottom lip and slid her fingers inside her soaking wet cunt. Feeling the warm and familiar building of her orgasm inspired Scarlett to continue. She pulled her hand back slightly, undoing the top bottom of her jeans to allow greater access. Her hand was back on her damp lips in no time at all. Working furiously but also discreetly, Scarlett felt her orgasm about to blow when the table rocked and Lucy re-appeared with food and drinks for them both.
Scarlett hated her friend in that moment. Her orgasm fading into the distance like a rapidly leaving jet plane. Scarlett quickly and quietly removed her hand from her wet pussy lips and did her top button back up on her jeans. Scarlett and Lucy ate their food and continued talking about classes, boys, make up and hair - all the girly subjects. Lucy couldn't help feeling there was something Scarlett wasn't saying - that bugged her.
"Is everything OK Scar... You seem a little distracted like you're not all here?" Lucy asked. Staring straight at Scarlett, she could feel her friends attempt to read her mind like the words might appear out of thin air if she concentrated hard enough. "I'm fine, it's nothing really" Scarlett attempted to play off. "OK so we've established that there is a something and knowing you...it's either school, a boy or sex" Lucy fired back. "It is not!" Scarlett protested. "Ok... Sex it is!" Lucy announced triumphantly a little too loud so that a few passing students shot them looks. The two friends laughed and Scarlett quickly changed the subject standing up brushing crumbs off her clothes. "I better get moving, English Lit starts in 15mins"
"Give Professor Andrews my sexiest regards and tell him I'm his whenever he's ready!" Lucy joked as Scarlett pulled on her bag, gave her friend a hug and walked away...a sly grin formed on Scarlett's face as she thought back to her encounter with Professor Andrews a few days ago.
Entering English Lit Scarlett took her normal seat and begun to fire off an email asking about the nude modelling. Just as class started up she'd received a reply. "Is there any chance you would be available tonight? We have an over 50's class and our model has called in sick. We'd be willing to pay double for the short notice?" It only took Scarlett a few moments to consider and reply. "No problem, just sent me the details and I'll see you later tonight."
Scarlett began to get wet again, in just a few short hours she would be naked in a room full of people and unable to move or speak. Unable to even cover herself in anyway. She was on fire with anticipation.
Scarlett went home after her last class that afternoon, she bathed and made sure to shave everywhere. "Need to look my best if everyone is gonna be looking," she thought to herself. She applied her scented oils and lotions and then did some light make up. Before she knew it, she was out the door in a light flannel shirt and very tight lycra jogging bottoms that clung tightly to every inch of her legs, thighs and butt. She decided to not wear any underwear given her current state of arousal and intended destination.
The drive back to Uni seemed to take much longer this time and when Scarlett pulled up, she was very sure people could tell she was excited by looking at the wet patch growing in her crotch. Scarlett decided to press on regardless. She arrived at the Art building and was met outside by Graham, one of the art Professors, Scarlett assumed. He was a few inches taller than Scarlett with jet black hair and deeply tanned skin, she could tell he was an artist by his outrageous fashion sense and demeanour. He led Scarlett inside and up a few flights of steps and turned right. Each step closer made Scarlett's nerves grow tight in her chest. Panic was setting in.
"I'm not ready for this - what the hell am I thinking!" Scarlett screamed at herself. Graham led her to a solid brown door with the sign for female toilets on it. "Sorry honey, we don't have a dressing room but I've left a gown in there for you. If you want to go in and get your clothes off, come in to the class here," Graham said pointing just behind Scarlett to the right. "We'll get started as soon as you're ready" Graham then hurried inside the classroom and begun moving seats and students into place.
Scarlett took a deep breath and entered the toilets. She instantly saw the small purple robe hanging up that Graham had left for her. "It's a good thing I'm an exhibitionist because this really doesn't cover a lot." Scarlett laughed to herself, trying to shake off the nerves. She stared at herself in the mirror considering backing out and making a run for it. Staring hard and focusing her breathing...Scarlett kicked off her shoes and begun to peel her leggings off. She was now half way there in the toilets, naked from the waist down. She quickly undid the shirt and took that off too - now standing there on the cold tile...she again looked at herself in the mirror. This Scarlett was one she didn't fully recognise. The lust and hunger in her eyes inspired her to quickly squeeze her breasts together and tweak her nipples...her breathing becoming heavier, her eyes closed and her head tilted back. "God I need to cum!" Scarlett said to the empty room. Her hips swayed gently from side to side and her hand snaked from breasts to her damp inner thighs. Her fingers started attacking her clit just as she heard - BANG BANG BANG!
"Hurry up now sweetie, we need to get this show on the road!" Graham called through the door after his thunderous bangs. Scarlett stood shaking slightly, her heart beating hard in her ears and throat. She quickly grabbed the robe and headed out the door. Graham smiling at her as she passed and headed directly into the classroom. Graham swiftly followed and introduced her to the class. "Everyone this is Scarlett; she's graciously agreed at the last minute to step in for Francessca. Whilst informing the class of this, Graham set about moving Scarlett into place, removing the robe, he sat her on a wooden chair covered in a large black fabric tarp. She sat with her left arm resting on a large box so it would not block anyone's view of her chest. Her right arm relaxed at her sides with her right hand coming to rest half way down her right thigh. Her left leg was also slightly raised due to resting on a small box on the floor. Her knees were spread and her teenage pussy was on show for the two or three lucky enough to be in front of her. Graham viewed the scene and asked if she was comfortable. Scarlett looked down at her naked self, trying not to shake from nerves she simply nodded to Graham.
"Perfect" exclaimed Graham.
Scarlett felt totally exposed, her slightly open legs allowed the few people directly in front of her direct sightlines to her growing dampness. The cold air prickled her skin and her senses seemed to be firing on high alert. She could hear the light sounds of drawing being drowned out with Graham's voice. Scarlett allowed the situation to wash over her, being naked in front of all these strangers. People staring intently at every inch of her naked body. Scarlett attempted to calm herself, to remain still and apart from the moment and from herself. She slowed her breathing and began to relax. She realised that she never stopped to looked at the people in the class and now, sitting here naked and unable to move. She couldn't see most of them. She knew it was for over 50's so the likelihood of anyone here knowing her was very slim.
Even in her calmer state Scarlett still felt herself aroused and moist. She desperately wanted to move her hand from her thigh to her pussy, to finger herself to an epic climax, to watch the faces of everyone crowding around her. Her excitement wasn't too obvious however, her body begun to betray her. Graham commented to the class about light and shade, shapes and forms. It was only when he mentioned Scarlett's perky and pink nipples that her body warmed and her chest and cheeks flushed crimson. Her pussy had never been this wet, she could feel the dampness building at her opening. Without warning it broke through and begun to trail down between her legs on the black fabric below her.
Luckily only Scarlett and the lady in front of her noticed. The lady cocked an eyebrow and half smiled at Scarlett. Scarlett stared at this lady, taking in her movements and where her eyes fell on Scarlett's skin. She was very focuses on Scarlett's leaking pussy; Scarlett could swear she saw the lady biting her bottom lip as she continued working. The lady had blonde hair which was curly and bounced freely as the older lady worked away on her easel. Her ruby red lipstick stood out again her pale white skin. Although over 50 this lady didn't look much older than 40..."except for her fashion sense" Scarlett thought to herself. "I mean, who wears pearl necklaces anymore"
Before Scarlett knew it the class was over and Graham was asking everyone to thank Scarlett and giving her a round of applause. Scarlett gingerly donned the robe again and headed back to the toilets outside. She purposefully avoided eye contact with anyone in the class. As Scarlett entered the toilets, she saw her clothes bundled up on the side where she left them. "Pretty careless actually, anyone could have stolen these" Scarlett said to herself out loud. She held the small robe closed and looked at herself in the mirror. "I would have had to walk all the way back to my car without anything on" she thought to herself, the naughty imagery filled her mind, strolling down the halls, across the green, through the main building and then to her car. Her pussy throbbed at the thought, Scarlett dropped the robe to the floor and grabbed her clothes. Wondering just how good it would feel.
Scarlett entered one of the two cubicles and dropped her clothes onto the closed toilet. She slowly rotated on the spot, letting her fingers glide over her skin. Firstly, at her hips, then slowly teasing upward toward her breasts. Grabbing and squeezing them together, Scarlett let out a small moan. Her hands continued their journey, making tingling waves cascade over her flesh. Pinching her nipples, she lightly squealed and giggled to herself. Now one hand dropped to cup her soaked pussy. During the modelling, she'd been unable to touch herself and now she had free reign. Her fingers worked fast as she quickly circled her clit and lost her ability to stand. She now leaned back against the wall of the stall and moaned deeply rubbing her wet pussy in rapid motions. Just then she heard the loud swoosh of the bathroom door opening.
Scarlett recognised the sound but was too close to cumming to stifle her own sounds of enjoyment fully. "Hmmm that must be you... our fearless nude model." Scarlett froze in fear. "Come out here sweetie, let's take a good look at you." the voice called out. "I think you had a lot of time to do that already" Scarlett replied light heartedly
"Yes dear, but not from up close" Scarlett undid the lock and stepped out of the cubicle, her feet making small noises on the cold tile floor as she walked. She was relieved to see the curly haired blonde from the class standing in front of her. She wore a long grey skirt and pink silk blouse; she also wore a grey and thick cardigan. She had a mischievous grin on her face as she looked Scarlett up and down, walking small circles around her. Like a predator stalking it's next meal.
As the lady passed Scarlett on the right she leaned in and whispered to Scarlett "I could tell just how much you were enjoying that in there. Being naked in front of all those people." The lady continued to walk around Scarlett. "Tell me, how did it feel to give every man in the room and erection all at once?" The lady's words cut through Scarlett and ignited a fire inside her womb. Now directly behind her the lady continued "You even made me quite wet with your slutty little show." Scarlett turned to face her visitor, she noticed that her right hand was pulling on her pearl necklace and her left hand was across her midriff, supporting her playful arm. She stepped toward Scarlett as she spoke her next question "Do you need a release? is that why you came in here?" Scarlett stepped backwards in time with her visitor's steps forward until her butt collided with the countertop behind her holding two sinks. "Hop up onto the side and let me help you out, wisdom has its advantages." the lady said leaning into Scarlett. It was said as a request but Scarlett's lust filled mind took it as a command.
Almost in a trance like state Scarlett hopped up onto the counter, planting her feet up there too and opening her legs invitingly before this lady and leaning back on the cold mirror. "Hmmm, very good. This little slut knows how to listen" The lady chuckled and reached behind her neck, in a smooth motion she unclipped her necklace and allowed it to sway from side to side in front of Scarlett. Stepping up between Scarlett's legs the lady slowed the swinging necklace down and rested it against Scarlett's skin, it hung to the left of her engorged labia between its wet petals and her left thigh. The lady proceeded to rub Scarlett's skin up and down using the pearls on the necklace itself. They bumped and rubbed Scarlett in a way she'd never felt before, the entire scene was so very erotic, Scarlett dared not speak.
The pearls of the necklace suddenly impacted Scarletts clit and she shuddered, a tiny moan escaped her lips and she bit her bottom lip staring at the lady with lust in her eyes. "Don't stop" Scarlett uttered breathlessly "Time to teach you something new" The lady kissed Scarlett lightly on the lips before taking the pearl necklace in hand gripping tightly to each end, she pulled the necklace taught and kneeled in front of Scarlett's open legs. She begun to rub it up and down at faster and faster speeds across Scarlett's wet and dripping pussy.
"Holy shit" Scarlett gasped, her hands searching for something solid to grab onto. Her left hand found a tap but her right hand could find nothing but air so she grabbed her right breast and squeezed hard. Her vision sparkled with stars and her body writhed in response to the pearls affect.
The sensations were overwhelming for her, as the pearls danced, bounced, slipped and rubbed the different parts of Scarlett's engorged pussy. Scarlett lost all sense of sight and sound around her, gasping for air and arching her back Scarlett felt the sweet release of an approaching orgasm and smiled broadly anticipating it's arrival, wanting to enjoy every single second of it. Instead, she felt the pearls disappear and saw the lady stand up. She needed her release and stared at the lady with pleading desperation.
"Oh, don't fret sweetie, I'm not finished with you." The lady stood directly in front of Scarlett she spun the pearl necklace around at speed - warm pussy juice flew off the pearls in all directions. Smatterings sprayed across the insides of Scarlett's thighs, her calves and up her tummy. Scarlett couldn't help but giggle slightly at the sensation. Scarlett's breathing was struggling to return to normal and she couldn't believe how horny she was in that moment. Anyone could have come in or the walls could have fallen away to reveal a stadium of people and all she wanted, all she needed, was to cum.
The lady moved to Scarlett's right-hand side where there was no more countertop and got closer, the pearl necklace was wrapped around the index and middle finger of Scarlett's visitor. Her pearl covered fingers slowly moved across Scarlett's heaving breasts and tickled each nipple in turn.
"Tell me...how does it feel being naked in front of total strangers?" the lady enquired. Scarlett stared up at her unable to speak.
The pearl wrapped fingers moved downward, connecting with Scarlett's soaking pussy and exciting her clit again.
"Tell me!" the lady demanded... slightly moving her fingers away. Scarlett got the message, talk or this encounter would end and Scarlett wouldn't get to cum.
"Amazing..." Scarlett blurted out
"There we are...she can still form words" the lady giggled as she placed her pearl wrapped fingers back onto Scarlett's pussy, rubbing in circles and straight lines, mixing up the speed. Scarlett's need was reaching never before seen heights.
"Are you an exhibitionist sweetie?" the lady asked pressing her body up against Scarlett's and whispering the question in her ear.
"Oh god that feels too good, I need to cum miss, please dont stop again - I'm desperate to fucking cum, please please" Scarlett pleaded with her visitor.
The lady got even closer to Scarlett's right ear whispering her next statement "Time to finish you off then sweetie."
Scarlett's visitor licked and gently nibbled on her ear erotically as she thrusted her pearl covered fingers inside Scarlett's waiting love box. Scarlett was so shocked her butt lifted off the counter and her breath caught in her throat. "Tell me!" the lady demanded and she begun to pump her right hand in and out of Scarlett's pussy deeply. "Tell me!" she repeated. Scarlett couldn't figure out what she wanted to know and right now, she didn't care. She loved this new feeling of the pearls moving around these expertly moving fingers.
"Tell me!" the lady demanded a third time. Scarlett's voice came though her ragged breaths and shakily "I...I'm a huge slut - I want this - I want to be seen - Oh god that feels amazing - don't stop - I need.... I need to be seen cumming - I want everyone to see me.... I want.... Fuuuuuccccckkkkkkk" Scarlett trailed off, her body starting to shake involuntarily.
"Want... What!" the ladies fingers increased in speed and depth...Scarlett responded in kind. Her right hand grabbed onto the left shoulder of her visitor, her left hand grabbed the tap and she proceeded to slide her butt back and forth on the countertop fucking herself onto the visitor's fingers - matching the intense thrusts of the pearl covered fingers in her drenched and excited twat. Scarlett's vision fixed directly on her visitor and she spoke through gasps and moans "I want to cum in front of everyone!" A smile spread across the lady's face as she pushed her fingers as far as they would go and rubbed Scarlett's exposed clit with her thumb, making back and forth swipes. Scarlett's grip got tighter, her back arched and a high-pitched scream erupted from her mouth. "Arrrggggghhhhhhhhh Yessssssssss - Ohhhhhhh God Yessssssssss"
Scarlett's orgasm exploded from her vagina and spread across every inch of her body. She screamed again in ecstasy as her pussy gushed a massive amounts of fluid onto the countertop, spilling over and landing with steady drips onto the cold tile floor. Her body spasmed and twitched as she felt electricity flowing through her. She struggled to keep her vision intact and struggled to breath correctly for the next couple of seconds. "That was... " Scarlett attempted to speak "That was...."
"Yes! it was sweetie," came the calm response from her visitor. Scarlett's hands roamed from her the tops of her bent knees downward toward her overly sensitive pussy. She stared at this woman who'd just given her a great fingering as she calmly and elegantly washed and dried her hands. Scarlett still sitting on the countertop displaying her red, moist and sticky pussy to the world.
"Thank you." was all Scarlett could manage.
"Why don't you keep these my dear - I think you'll enjoy them." The lady dropped the pearl necklace onto the countertop next to Scarlett and made her way out the door. Scarlett was left on display, leaning against a cold mirror trying to catch her breath. Her pussy still dripping fluid and her skin red with heat. She eventually remembered how to move and got herself dressed quickly. Her sober brain reminded her this was a school and anyone could have heard that screaming orgasm she just had.
Now dressed and heading for her car, Scarlett bounced down the flights of stairs - a warm glow and a happiness irradiated from her. Crossing the main foyer she grabbed the handle of the door leading outside. Attempting to make a clean get away when she heard a familiar voice. "Hey Scar - how come you're still here?" Lucy said as she made her way over. Scarlett turned to see her best friend approaching. "Oh... ummm... " Scarlett stammered, she really was terrible at thinking on her feet. "I'm just picking up some stuff I forgot - what about you?" Scarlett deflected.
"I'm here doing my mum a favour - she asked me to pick up my auntie Florence from some art class she goes to here." Lucy trailed off looking around the room. "There she is," Lucy pointed across the foyer toward a tall blonde woman. Scarlett's heart dropped as she realised; the woman her friend was pointing to had just made her cum with a pearl necklace. The same necklace Scarlett now hid in her hand.
To be continued....