MMO - Ch 13 Porch Play
Last time Gina had been in town at her mom's, she had been invited to one of those "at-home" adult toy parties, sort of like a Tupperware party, but for sex toys. Anyways, she had ordered a buttplug for me and a masturbator, one of those small handheld types, not the fleshlight or anything bulky. She said they called it a "pocket pussy", because it was small enough to fit in your pocket. They had arrived about a week and a half ago, but we never put them into action yet, what with her mom in town and then being busy and having some great sex with Gina, I didn't stroke much since they had been unboxed.
I arrived home from work, and I see my sexy wife in the kitchen. The drive home was 45 minutes, as usual, and I had played with myself most of the way home, hoping to get a little bit before dinner. I walk up behind her, admiring her nice round ass. I cant help myself, and I place my hands on those firm globes as I approach her, and begin to kiss her neck as I slide my hands all over her soft fleshy cheeks, and then start sliding them up towards her even softer breasts.
Gina spins around in my arms, and gives me a nice peck on the lips.
"Now, you stop. I am in the middle of cooking here, and you're just in the way. I love you, but just go change. You have a good 20-30 minutes before it's ready."
I smile, and give her one last kiss, and sneak a boob squeeze in before going to our bedroom to change into comfortable clothes. I step into my closet and start to strip down, tossing my dirty clothes in the hamper, and I see on the shelf, that buttplug and masturbator. My mind immediately says, 'She said you have 30 minutes!'
I spit on my finger and start rubbing my asshole, getting it wet, probing it with my finger, pushing a little bit to attempt an insertion. At the same time, I put the buttplug in my mouth, coating it while I simulate sucking it like a dick, in and out, getting it lubricated. I spit on my finger again and get more on my butthole and this time, I am able to insert a finger past my tight sphincter, but it's a bit tight, and my saliva isn't the best lube when I try to push the buttplug inside me. To be fair, my anus isn't exactly used to penetration, just a finger myself now and then, and occasionally Gina will surprise me with inserting a finger during a blowjob, but it is a once a year type of thing. In fact, her finger was the first thing ever put up my ass sexually, so anything I have done anally is her fault.
I walk out of the bedroom, naked as the day I was born, the two toys in my hand, and I head into the kitchen to grab some coconut oil for lube.
"What are you doing?!?!?" Gina exclaims.
I hold up the two toys. "You said I had 30 minutes!" Gina rolls her eyes, but I see a smile starting to form on her visage. I grab the coconut oil from the cabinet, and start to open it up to grab a hunk of it.
"I'm cooking! Go do that outside or something!" Gina orders me. I look over and I see her pointing to the front porch. Our front porch is screened in, and while it faces the street, not only is there is a railing about 3 feet up, the house sits about 7 or 8 feet up a hill from the sidewalk, so you can't see anything below the waist from the street. I walk out and sit in a cushioned wicker chair and begin lubing up the buttplug. I get the thick coconut oil melted by rubbing it in my hands, and slide it along the plug, and then scoot myself down on the chair so I can raise my legs and reach my butthole. My lubed up fingers reach down and start rubbing around my tight hole, and then I start pushing my finger in. I use my diaphragm to push down and allowing my sphincter to open just a bit, and my finger slides in two knuckles without any friction. I pump my ass a few times, making sure my ass stays loose and get my whole finger inside me, and I start hooking my finger upwards to try and rub the backside of my prostrate.
That feels really good, but I want to stroke, too, so I slowly slide my finger out and replace it with the buttplug, which goes inside me to the hilt with ease. I expected it to feel different than it did, I suppose, it was definitely obvious to me that something was sitting at my butthole entrance, holding it open, but I expected more of a feeling inside me of being full back there, but it was almost as if nothing was felt at all.
I remove my right hand from the buttplug, and rub the excess lube on my hardening cock. My finger had been in my ass, so I use my left hand to get some more lube for my cock, and I begin to rub and stroke myself left-handed while the oil melts and coats my cock, slick and shiny from head all the way down the shaft. Stroking lefty is always fun, a change of feel and pace and angle that is nice when I can do it, but my lack of rhythm at speed can throw me off as I approach orgasm, and unless I am super horny or had been edging, I often have to switch back to righty in order to actually finish.
Using lube is always a nice change, too, oiled up cock stroking and sliding feels amazing, mimicking the feel of a pussy. I sit up a bit as I stroke, laying on my back makes it almost impossible for me to cum. I think it has to do with the bouncing of my balls, because when I fuck my wife from behind, the balls slapping up against her makes me cum so much faster. When I sit up, the change in my position changed the angle of the buttplug inside my ass, and holy cow! The pressure pushing against me from the inside sent a shiver of pleasure throughout my lower area. I tried to replicate that feeling by rocking back and forth, putting pressure against the plug to press it against my rim, and then releasing it. I work my body in a way to put one leg up on the railing enough to get my ass spread enough so that the plug is right on the edge of the seat so I can press as hard as possible for as much pressure on my ring and against the walls of my intestines.
I begin humping the edge of the chair, and time my stroking to match, intensifying the feeling in both my cock and my ass as I pump slightly faster. This assplay is kind of nice, and I begin thinking of Gina fingering me, and of me eating out her ass on occasion, or just being positioned where I am licking her pussy, but my nose ends up near her butthole, and her slight tangy smell her ass always has. I look at my finger that had been in my ass, and I bring it up to my face, and then I place it under my nose just a bit. I sniff, and a very similar tangy and tart ass smell is barely noticeable n my finger, but it IS noticeable. I take a big whiff of my own ass scent, and then 2 or 3 more in succession, each breath as deep as I can, savoring that slight smell as I continue to hump and stroke, going ever faster. I close my eyes as I imagine my nose in Gina's ass and not my own finger, and the humping becomes a frenzied rocking and the stroking becomes a blur, building up the intensity everywhere as I start groaning in pleasure between the whiffs of my scent.
I can feel a bit of tension everywhere as my body prepares for orgasm, the slickness of my cock and the pressure around my asshole as it tightens from the increased friction and speed of the action, and I shove my ass covered finger into my mouth and start sucking it, tasting my own ass juices for the first time. I am moaning like a whore with her mouth full as my ass tightens and I push down as hard as possible to get that buttplug as deep inside me as I can, as jets of a near clear white, almost pearly cum eject from my cock, the first two spurts shooting high into the air in quick succession. I shove my finger as far into my mouth as I can during these first two spurts, which were followed by slower, thicker, whiter flow of that sweet and salty liquid. With each spurt, I can feel my prostrate press against the plug in my ass as it directs my orgasm to completion, and I get the sudden urge to want to taste my cum. I pull the finger out of my mouth and I scoop up a load of cum onto that finger and place it fully in my mouth, mixing mouth, ass and cock all at once. I feel overwhelmingly wanton and I continue to scoop up the pools of cum off my belly, my cock, and my finger and suck that finger as if it were a cock giving me a nice load. I keep stroking my softening cock, amazed at the variety of sensual feelings flowing all around my body, having used all my senses, taste, touch, smell, sight, and hearing to give myself a full erotic experience.
I still have my finger in my mouth, slowly sucking it, my oil and cum covered left hand slowly slipping over my cock when I hear, "Well, that was intense! If you have any appetite left, dinner is ready." My head jerks over to the sound, and I see Gina standing at the doorway, watching.
"Ok, let me get cleaned up and dressed."
"No, dinner is ready now. If you can eat your own cum undressed like that, you can eat my dinner the same way." She said "my dinner" in a way that I interpreted that I would be having an interesting dessert tonight!
Indeed, Gina wanted me to go down on her after we ate dinner, and I climbed right under the kitchen table and went to town, using my tongue on her pussy and asshole until she came before taking her to the bedroom for a nice clean fucking, but being spent from the masturbation, I could not cum again - not from lack of trying!
Gina left for work by 6AM the next morning and I was up already, making coffee. I usually leave for work between 7:30 and 7:45AM to get there by 8:30 at the latest, and after I showered and dressed, I considered making my lunch to take to work, and putzed around the kitchen a bit, sipping on my piping hot cup of gloriously rich coffee. It was right before 7AM when I saw our neighbor's car back out of their drive, heading off to work. I noticed that it was just Polly's husband Gary leaving, and turned back to examining the contents of the fridge for leftovers or some lunch ideas when I hear a knock on the front door. That's odd, at this hour. I open the door, and Polly is standing there, still in a housecoat and her hair pulled back.
"Hey, Polly!"
"Hey back, neighbor!"
"What can I do for you?" I ask.
Polly grinned, and I felt a flush creep up my neck to my face as I realize the double entendre and that had been her first thought.
"I just hadn't seen you in a bit..."
I interrupted, "Well, Gina's mom was here..."
"...and I wanted to thank you for last night..." she kept going.
"You could see that?!" I interrupted.
Polly's face kind of dropped at that comment. "So, that WASN'T for me?" she said, almost in a whisper.
"Well, I mean, I was HOPING you could see, but I wasn't sure..." I tried to recover without hurting her feelings too much.
"Gary is going to see you one of these times, you know," she lectures me.
"I don't mind." I respond truthfully. I just like a pair of eyes, and even though I have never had an experience with a male watching, the idea kind of turned me on, and I felt a bit of movement down there.
"Oh, you're Naughty!" she cooed and did a small little flirty turn that simultaneously inflated my ego and my cock. I was well over half hard right now, and I could feel my heart race just a bit. Needless to say, my flushed face wasn't going away.
"You like it though!" I flirt back a little.
Polly smiles sheepishly, and her eyes cast down to the floor. "Since, well...since that show last night wasn't for me, can...can, um, can I get a private show?" Her eyes come up a bit sideways, glancing up at me, giving me that puppy dog look that tends to melt away men's inhibitions and ability to think above the waistline.
"What, like right now?" I ask, a bit surprised.
"Why not?" she absolutely purrs back. "If you are 'up' for it, that is." Her eyes are looking down again, but this time focused on the obvious erection pointing out from my work pants. My mind starts racing, and the extra blood flow seems to be accelerating my thinking. It's not like I haven't jacked off in front of other women without Gina there before, and it's not like I haven't jacked off in front of Polly, either. But something is saying "don't do this!" in the back of my head, and my eyes dart out and glance across and down the street. Clear, no one there. It's just jacking off, I tell myself. I do it to porn, and that's another woman other than Gina! My rationale and ability to reason has hit rock bottom.
I look down at Polly, and she is standing against that doorway, head tilted down, and she looks up at me with just her eyes, giving that pouting look on her face.
"Like, right here in the doorway, or inside, or..."
Her head snaps up, and a big grin beams across her entire face. "oooh, right here, for sure!"
Before I knew it, I was undoing my belt and pants and dropping them to the floor. I probably tried to speed through the decision, as once that first threshold is crossed; turning back is so much more difficult. I reach down and grab my fully hard member and squeeze it a bit. I am still quite horny still from last night's inability to cum a second time, and I can already feel my motor running after just a few strokes. Being 3 feet from my neighbor and 4 feet from an open doorway to the street isn't hurting the situation either. I let out a moan and my breath is already a bit ragged. She is so close I can smell her perfume or shampoo, so feminine, and my mind accelerates for a second time, racing towards a speedy conclusion. I feel so wanton, there is nothing surreptitious about this, it is being done straight up as a voyeur show, pure exhibitionism at work.
I am staring at my cock, seeing Polly's body right in front of me, and I follow it up, looking at her in her housecoat, wishing it would open slightly more, to get a glimpse of her pale white skin peeking out between buttons. I work my way up her body, my eyes lingering on her breasts, which are quite nicely pressed against the material. As I check them out, Polly turns slightly, and brings her hand up to her chest, and folds one side of her coat open, exposing just a little cleavage. Oh man, freckles against her milky white skin. I look up to her face, and she is smiling while watching me stare at her breasts.
I notice movement from my left, and see a car going down the street and panic for a split second. I am easily visible from the street, so I take an instinctive step forward to block myself from street visibility. I want to be caught and watched, but I also don't want to be the village creep. The car drives past the house without incident, but I am now only a foot or so from Polly, I can feel her heat I am so close, can smell her again, and that flowery, feminine scent was her shampoo, because I can smell it in her hair as I look down at her.
Polly didn't see the car approaching, so to her, my approach to her appeared to her to be me approaching her to get closer, not to simply hide my nakedness from a passerby. Her arm came up and lightly rubbed along my upper arm, such a light touch, fingertips, and then on the way down, the back of her fingernails drug across my skin. I groan again, and she turns her head up towards my face, just inches from my own, and we stare eye to eye, my breath ragged and fast, her face flushed bright pink along her cheeks, and we both seem to move slowly, oh so slowly, but inexorably towards each other until our noses touch, my mouth open and breathing into hers from an inch away, her breathing picking up, I feel her hot breath on my lips and on my tongue, our eyes locked as I stroke my hard cock right there in the doorway.
We continue to stare and breathe into each other's mouths, and I feel Polly's hand slide down my arm towards my erection and it is all I can do to not grab her hand and place it on my throbbing hard cock. I gasp as I feel her hand surround my own, and I make the final connection by placing my lips firmly onto hers and snake my tongue into her waiting and willing mouth. That was it. The combination of our tongues sliding around each other and her hand on top of mine as I stroke myself, and as I stroke, I can feel her fingernails against my soft cock skin and I hit the point of no return. I began to moan and pant into Polly's mouth and she takes control down there and grabs my cock and pumps it for me as I spray pure liquid all over her housecoat, I am jetting so hard and have to put my hand up onto her shoulder to keep from collapsing, and she pulls me towards her, my cock pressing up against her as she milks all the cum from my now spent cock.
Finally, I break away from her kiss as the orgasm subsides, and I take in the situation with my other head, pulling away slowly. Polly looks up at me with a shit-eating grin on her face. "Wow, that was so hot! " Her hand is still stroking my cock, covering it with my own cum, as it shrinks down as the blood begins to flow elsewhere. "You're good at this!" she tells me. "That was so hot, you came so hard and fast!" She leans into me, so she is looking directly up at me, and she smiles mischievously. "I better get ready for work," she tells me as she steps back. "But I look forward to our next meeting!"
"Uh, yeah, me, too..." I mumble as she turns and walks away, leaving me standing in my doorway, shrinking cock shining with my own cum in the natural light, making it obvious to me that I am quite visible to the world, and I start to smile as I grab my sticky rod and start to stroke it again, but even though I am turned on, I cannot quite make the erection re-appear. Sadly, I close the door, and clean up enough to head to work, where I re-run the episode over and over in my mind, and wonder if I crossed a line again, but my constant hard-on all day tells me that he doesn't care, and therefore, since he tends to win all arguments, neither do I, but I still have something in the back of my head that is saying, "Slow you roll, tiger."