For those of you who have been waiting for another chapter in the Summer stories my apologies for the very long delay and I hope that you find these worth the wait. While this and the following story is able to be read as a standalone story the forerunners to it are 'Summer Chapters 20/21. The Church Hall 1 & 2'.
Just for the record all characters in this story were over the age of consent. Senior Guides were active in the movement well into their twenties.
Chapter 22 The Vicars story Part 1
Canon Green, our local vicar, was a huge slab of a man, dressed in black, flat faced, pink skinned and as solid and unimaginative as a side of pork. He was a petty tyrant, balding, with large fleshy jowls and hairy hands the size of dinner plates. He was dictatorial, egotistical and dangerous and he gripped the social and religious reins of the Parish tightly in his hands. He chaired the board of just about every club, association, group and committee in the village and brought his own bigoted and autocratic views bear in every sphere of village life. He was a tyrant and he wielded his position as God's representative like a club, bludgeoning and striking down anyone who opposed or challenged him. He was universally disliked and feared in equal measure. All agreed that the milk of human kindness had curdled and run sour in him years before.
He was old school, the 'do as I say not as I do' type of preacher with endless sermons taken straight from the Bible and delivered without interest; as boring and indigestible as they were long. On top of which he was as dull as ditchwater and had all the personality of a plank. He carried his religion around like a stone, which he placed on the table in front of him at meetings and gatherings and alternately hid behind it or beat people into submission with it; he didn't necessarily believe in it but he knew how to use it to his own best advantage.
Despite the fact that he chaired the all the school councils, youth committees and clubs, he actually had no idea what a young person was. He watched the growth of the new philosophies and values of freedom of expression and social revolution with an abhorrence and a growing sense of dislocation. He did not understand them nor had he any desire to. He had never had any choices as a youngster growing up in one of the many poor areas of Northern Ireland in the forties and he didn't understand why this generation should have any, let alone to demand them which was what they seemed to be doing. He had simply done as he was told and when his mother had thrust the clergy upon him as the only career open to him he had succumbed and taken the cloth; a career that he found desperately uninteresting and uninspiring but one that he found gave him status and respectability. As a Vicar he had power that no other profession he could think of would have given him. He was no fool; the church had put him through university and given him status in the community and in return he had understood what was expected of him. But he had never had any choice; choice was a luxury he had never tasted and the bile burned deep within his stomach.
Yet if the philosophies of modern youth left him cold the fashions they were adopting certainly fired his interest and the rising hemline of miniskirts and the exposing of long and shapely legs served to inflame his imagination. As a result he frequented the youth clubs of which he was chair of the committee in the oft rewarded hope of a flash of knickers as some young girl sat down or a long look, in cases where the skirts were spectacularly short, as they danced.
Neither did he understand the new music. Gone were the strict rules and formality of the dances he had grown up with, the waltz and the two-step as well as the associated romance of the words. Now it was all jumping about in darkened rooms with loud voices wailing loosely veiled lyrics about sex. When did the words of songs become 'lyrics' and stop being words? When did 'love' become synonymous with sex? When did sex between unmarried couples become commonplace rather than unusual and how had he missed it?
When he was younger the only way to have sex was to get married and any girl who broke that rule remained unmarried; that was the way it was, no self respecting man would even think of marrying a woman who had had sex out of wedlock. Women had to be virgins, pure and chaste until they were married and under the protection of their husbands; those were the rules. Their reputations, like their hymens, had to be intact.
And when had sex become enjoyable? The newspapers banner headlined 'The age of the Climax', books proclaimed 'The Joys of Sex', there was even a version with pictures! Pictures! He hadn't had sex with his wife since their son, their only child, was conceived; and he was now away at University himself. The idea of enjoyment had never entered their bedroom, they had procreated and once the need for procreation had passed they had stopped. Sex had been a duty not a pleasure. Cold and loveless couplings in a darkened bedroom. A brief and unequal struggle with a heavy winceyette nightie and even heavier, meatier, thighs. Followed by an equally heavy sense of shame and embarrassment when the act was over. He would sigh and roll over, leaving her with the damp patch and she would silently castrate him for him having asked; and now with the advent of 'free love' he felt cheated.
He watched the girls and his eyes took in their breasts and their slim nylon clad thighs. He watched the gropings and the grindings on the darkened dance floor as the young studs tried to simulate the act of sex to the beat of some unintelligible song. He noted who was more forward and who was not, keeping a record of who slipped off to the back rooms at the Church Hall with the coats and the cigarettes and who did not; keeping some undefined record of promiscuity for use at some unknown future date.
He had started to 'accidentally' walk in on the couples in the back rooms, having given them enough time to 'get started' as he thought of it and had been occasionally pleasantly rewarded with the glimpse of a hastily covered breast and even, on one occasion, the fleeting sight of some pubic hair as the discovered couples had hastily tried to conceal the results of their romantic clandestine fumblings.
He usually pretended that he had not noticed and let the couples quickly sneak away in the knowledge that they would be more desperate and therefore bolder, the next time he 'caught' them and each experience gave him more to hold over them if and when the time came to use the information. Very occasionally he would take the offensive and would severely chastise the terrified young couple, threatening them with public disclosure and parental involvement, browbeating them until the girl broke down and cried for forgiveness.
Once dismissed the young man would gladly flee the scene with his tail euphemistically between his legs, happily abandoning the young woman to her fate, with the vicars sonorous voice ringing in his ears, the smell of sulphur and brimstone in his breath, telling him to 'beware the fruits of his carnal appetite'. Once the young man had run for his life the Vicar would then offer comfort and succour to the distraught young thing left at his mercy. Sitting next to them, his arm around their heaving shoulders, his hand would always stray a little, the odd passing feel of a breast or of a nylon clad young thigh. He had once even slid his hand accidentally between one particular young woman's legs, one that had repeatedly visited the back room with a number of boys and been added to list of 'possibles'. Surprisingly she had shown an immediate and remarkable recovery from her tear washed anguish of seconds before and displayed a gratifying lack of surprise or resistance to his 'accidental' touch by instantly opening her legs for him and allowing him a moments feel of the warmth and softness, the promise of satisfaction that lingered there. He had remained between her legs only a moment before retreating with the memory of her warmth in his fingertips and an immediate and powerful erection to remind him of the occasion. But he was also a coward and the thought of what he had done, and what could have happened had the woman reacted differently, terrified him and he had never repeated that particular operation again.
His priesthood, his position in society, the power he wielded, was a mighty double edged sword. Powerful as he was one slip and it would all come crashing down about his ears and that was a fate far too terrible to contemplate. So he watched and waited, biding his time while he stroked his erection through the hole in his pocket as he talked to the numerous women of his parish; young and old. No-one was safe from his fervid imagination and they would have been shocked to find that he had imagined them all naked and under his hands at some time or another.
Pat had been part of Church since a child; brought into the congregation by her parents when she was still at her mother's breast. Unusually by modern standards she had continued being a member long after most of her friends has dropped away. She grew up into the congregation, becoming a senior member of the choir, a Senior Girl Guide, a youth club council member and she regularly helped out with chores in the church, arranging flowers for the services and delivering Sunday school classes. All the things that young people no longer did, that were no longer fashionable or contemporary.
The vicar had marked Pat out as one of the professional church goers, a 'God groupie' as he uncharitably called them; and there were a few of them in the Parish, mainly young people, mainly keen and all devout and squeaky clean. In truth he could not stand them, they made him feel old and tired. But there was always something slightly different about Pat, a stillness about her that made him watch her; an intensity that said she was not as straight as she seemed, a hidden depth that spoke of rebellion and still waters. And so he watched her, quietly, from a distance.
Their paths crossed regularly. She was an altar girl as well as a chorister and so they were bound to meet. He began to touch her when he spoke to her, safe, easily explainable touches that would not get him into trouble. Even so she showed nothing, seemingly oblivious to the thrill he was getting from the scent of her perfume, from the soft warmth of her skin. He started positioning himself so that he could look at her breasts, taking in her shape, imagining the feel of her. If she knew what he was doing she showed nothing, revealed nothing. She was always passive when he was around, always accepting, always looking for work, looking to be helpful; and he became convinced that she was putting herself near him, putting herself in his way.
Everything changed for him the day they met together in the vestry to inventory hymn books; a standard routine that was performed once a month before the Sunday evening service. A simple task that he had performed a hundred times with one or other of the parishioners; but this time Pat turned up to help, filling in for a sick absentee.
After the count was over and the piles of books counted he was down on one knee next to the bookcase, picking up a stack of hymnals from the floor when she came over and stood close by him, hard against his shoulder. He hesitated, half down on one knee, suddenly aware of the young woman as she stood next to him; long shapely legs and short loosely billowing skirt. Steadying himself with a hand on the pile of books he suddenly noticed a fresh graze on her skin, just above her knee and without thinking he reached out and touched it. She never moved. Her skin was warm and soft, the graze a rough patch under the pad of his thumb. He stroked her knee, lightly, marvelling in the feel of her skin and she stood quietly as he softly rubbed his thumb over the small patch of damaged skin, his fingers gently resting on her leg, soft against the back of her knee. His eyes were fixed on her knee without seeing it, gazing into some sexual middle distance as his thumb began to grow bolder, following its instincts, moving in slow circles higher up her thigh.
Suddenly he shifted back into real time and his hand dropped away as if scalded. In the same moment he realised with a shock that he was hard and painfully erect inside his pants. He quickly looked up to find that she was just standing there beside him, staring down at him, her dark eyes reserved and unfathomable. He coughed in embarrassment as if from the dust and picked up the stack of books from the floor. He slid them heavily into the bookcase. He made to speak but her silent stare unnerved him and the words died in his throat and he rose to his feet, brushing his hands on his cassock, rearranging it to hide his erection.
Standing he towered over her once again and felt better, his position of authority somehow restored. Her expression never changed as she slowly looked away from his face, her eyes travelling silently down to his body to his crutch and his hastily hidden erection. For a moment there was a brief flicker of something in her eyes as if she could see his erect member beneath his trousers and cassock and he felt himself blush fiercely.
A small and beatific smile creased the corners of her face, angelic, the long suffering smile of sexually abused womanhood through the ages, a contrived innocence that only the truly tainted have; and at her vulnerability, her purity, her youth, his erection strained at the front of his pants as if it had a life of its own, screaming to be unleashed and to do its worst. Shaken to his core by his reaction he muttering some incoherent excuse and pushed himself away from her and almost ran back towards the safety of his office in the vestry.
He was sweating and his hands were shaking. Looking back over his shoulder he could see that Pat had simply returned to stacking the books on the shelves, calmly, methodically, spines outwards, as though nothing had happened at all; and perhaps for her nothing had happened other than a brief touch of skin and his overactive and overheated imagination.
Bursting into his office he slammed the door closed behind him as if to shut out the devil that he now knew to be chasing him, without realising that the devil had entered with him. He lay back against the varnished wood and all he could think of was the feel of her skin under his fingertips and her smile, the soft seductive smile of the innocent; and he felt his erection, iron hard and straining in his pants. Locking the door behind him he collapsed into his chair and putting his head into his hands, he shook his head as if to clear it. He shook from head to toe, his hands trembled, and his thoughts whirled like sparks above the sudden and raging bonfire of his lust.
He had no idea how long he sat there but when he looked up he saw the fading light filtering down through the small arched window high up on the wall of his small office and he realised that it must be getting late. He pushed himself unsteadily to his feet, he felt drained, weakened, like the aftermath of a fever. He was exhausted by the fire that had burned so suddenly bright, that had raged in his veins. He straightened himself up, brushing his hands on his cassock and through his short, thinning hair, he needed to pull himself together, get himself moving again. He was shocked by the strength of his desire, the power of the passion and the poisons that had suddenly boiled inside him.
Taking a deep breath he walked unsteadily out of his office and slowly made his way through the darkening and deserted church, checking that the place was clear before he left and locked up. As he made his silent rounds he felt somehow that the place had changed, or that his life had somehow taken on a tilt that left him feeling a little dizzy and unbalanced. He felt strangely that something had been let loose, broken loose from inside him; something that he had kept on a leash for so long and it frightened him. He now knew that his lust was real and dangerous, as real as the church he was walking through, that it now walked alongside him, set free, always present.
For the next couple of days he could not settle, his mind was aflame, it was alive with desire. He could not put the event behind him, he could think of nothing other than the soft, warm, feel of her skin and the shape of her knee under his fingers. But as the days passed he managed to slowly bring his fevered imagination under control, and as the immediacy of the event began to recede he calmed down, slowly getting his life back a normal pitch and routine. By the end of the week he was beginning to try to convince himself that he had imagined the whole episode.
It was almost a week later and he had just finished the last service of the day, the one he was most fond of, if he could be said to be fond of any. The best thing about the evening service was that it was short, a couple of hymns and brief sermon and no real pressure. On this particular evening the congregation was particularly sparse even for one of his services, the usual smattering of spinsters smelling of mothballs and lavender, dressed in heavy coats and hats and gloves regardless of the season. His God groupies, sitting in God's waiting room waiting to be called, that attended every service. There were a couple of old men seeking some human warmth and companionship, although he thought with a dour smile that he doubted if they would find much with the biddies that had turned up tonight. At the back a couple of young bloods who no doubt had only turned up to escort certain young ladies of the choir home, probably hoping to find a little more carnal comfort in their companionship than the older men were looking for, although you could never be sure anymore.
The church organ played a slow, quiet dirge as the choir filed out of the back to their disrobing room behind the choir stall. The parishioners slowly queued in the aisle for a few muttered last words to the vicar at the door before stepping out into the warm night air. When the congregation had all left the Vicar gratefully closed the large old wooden door behind him. He made his way to the nave to speak to the organist and choirmaster, a wiry old man of indeterminate old age who had been pumping the pedals of the organ man and boy almost since the church had been built and that was in the sixteenth century he thought wryly. As they spoke the choir, now changed out of their cassocks into their day clothes, slowly filtered by; saying their goodnights in a suitably respectful voice as befitted his position as they passed.
Once they had gone the choirmaster made his way to change in the vicars robbing room and the Vicar to his office. He picked up the collection plate on his way and grimaced at the few copper coins that were scattered on the worn green felt at the bottom of the old wooden plate. In his office he counted the meagre collection, marked the meagre total in a book and placed the coins into an old safe which was kept in an even older cupboard where he kept his vestments. Locking the safe and pocketing the key he disrobed, a ritual he had undertaken for far too many years and the symbolism of which had long ago lost any meaning.
He closed the cupboard and sat on the edge of his desk and contemplated his options, he could go home and spend what was left of the evening in the frigid company of his wife, on the other hand there was a confiscated copy of a Playboy magazine locked in the top drawer of his desk along with a half empty bottle of fine Irish whisky and a glass. The young man whose playboy he had confiscated had been to see him earlier in the week, suitably contrite, and asked if he could have it back 'as his dad would kill him if he didn't put it back where he had found it'. The Vicar had sent him away with a curt admonition to send his father to him if there were any problems. The boy had walked away muttering imprecations under his breath.
The vicar searched for the key for the drawer in an old and battered jar on his desk. As his fingers closed around the key and he could feel the tingle of anticipation in his loins he stopped and suddenly thought that before he settled down he had better make sure that the church was empty and the doors locked. Parishioners have no sense of humour when it comes to catching their vicar masturbating over a naked woman in a men only magazine.
He made his way through the darkening church, making his familiar evening rounds, switching off lights and locking doors behind him, making sure that all in his domain was locked down and closed tight. Turning behind the tiered wooden seats of the choir stalls he pushed open the door and walked into the robbing room.
Jenny was standing by her open locker, seemingly in the action of undressing. She had just pulled her heavy cassock over her head and was standing with her arms still in the garment, holding it against her chest. She had her back to him but she half turned at the sound of the door behind her. He froze in the doorway as she stood before of him, dressed only in her knickers, the cassock still in her hands.
She stood stock still, unmoving, frozen in time; her head lowered demurely, holding the cassock tight against her, her eyes fixed on the ground. Neither moved, his heart, like time, had stopped, crushed by the sudden constriction in his chest. The seconds ran on and time elongated as his eyes, unbidden, followed the smooth shape of her white shoulders, slightly hunched as she clutched the cassock to her chest. Followed the long travel down her back, alabaster flushed with pink, the soft line of her backbone tantalisingly bisected by the marks of her bra strap, although, he noticed with another jolt, that if she had been, she was now no longer wearing one. His eyes moved on, down over the slight flair of her hips to the smoothly rounded curve of her delightful bottom, each cheek a softly rounded handful, pleading to be fondled and his hands twitched and curled with sudden and acute desire. The smell of sulphur filled his nostrils.
He noticed that her white floral print knickers had ridden low at the back and the shadowy crease of the beginning of her cleft that divided those heavenly cheeks could be clearly seen. His eyes followed the line down, hidden beneath the soft cotton but the indent still easily visible until it disappeared into the shadows between her legs. He licked his lips at the thought of what forbidden delights lay hidden in that warm and inviting darkness between her legs. He shuddered with desire at the thought, his penis rising suddenly and painfully in the confines of his trousers. He stood transfixed, his eyes staring, his blood roaring in his ears. In the subdued light he took in every curve, every nuance and texture of her body.
Slowly and demurely, almost without moving, she unhurriedly turned to face him. His world cart wheeled as he stood rock still, holding onto the door frame for support as the moment unfolded, almost dreamlike, around him. She looked up at him, her eyes impenetrable pools of pure liquid black and his world shattered as he stared back at her, crashing and burning around him. His lifetimes defences were completely overwhelmed, his penis screamed for attention and his hands were clenched so tightly that his fingernails were driving into his palms. She looked back at him, seeing his discomfort, his despair and disarray and her face betrayed nothing, her dark eyes empty and expressionless.
"I'm sorry," he said at last, his voice cracking, sounding loud in the small room. His cheeks flushed a furious red as her eyes met his.
"I thought everyone had gone, I... I was just checking."
His hands fluttered ineffectually, indicating the silent, empty body of the Church behind him.
She did not answer or even acknowledge him, she simply stood and stared; until slowly, without a sound, the cassock seemed to slip through her fingers, sliding down her body like an unveiling, a single, soft susurration of cloth to pool on the floor at her feet.
Time stood still in that moment, he stood in the doorway and looked at her, shocked beyond reason. His eyes transfixed by the roll of her breasts, her nipples roseate and hard in the soft light, soft buds tipping her swelling breasts; her firm, flat, stomach tapering down to the deep shadowy 'v' where her thighs joined; the shape and fullness of her sex outlined by the soft material of her knickers.
She looked at him, her hands, still redundantly held between her breasts from where they had let the cassock fall, her eyes silent and defiant, somehow slightly amused at his obvious disorientation and confusion. He made to speak but his mouth had gone dry. She looked back at him, perfect, statuesque, the shallow rise and fall of her breasts her only sign of engagement in the moment.
He took a halting, hesitant, step into the room. She never moved, her eyes fixed on his, watching him like some fixed and rooted bird of prey. He took another step on unsure and leaden feet. He was closer to her now, could almost feel the heat emanating from her body, a palpable warm. She finally, almost defiantly, lowered her hands to her sides her eyes betraying nothing. Her breasts stood high and proud on her chest, her nipples erect; the noise in his head was deafening, with agonising slowness he raised his hand towards her until his trembling fingers mere inches from her hard pink nipple.
The peal of easy laughter rang clear in the soft night air; followed by the rush of excited voices from the body of the church behind him. He halted, his hand outstretched. His breath came out as a soft hiss and his hand dropped impotently to his side. Another rush of voices came through the door from behind him and tearing himself away from the near naked girl he reluctantly took a step backwards. Her eyes followed him, still defiant, slightly mocking.
Stepping outside he closed the door quietly behind him, his knees suddenly weak, his breath hard and tight in his chest. The sound of voices was louder now and he shook his head, desperately trying to pull himself together, straightening his pants and trying to hide his erection. Tearing himself away from the room and scene inside he hesitantly, shakily, made his way around the corner and into the body of the church.
She listened to his receding footsteps, his distinctive heavy footfall and she stared at the closed door. It was not until the silence returned that she kicked the cassock casually to one side and turned to continue dressing.
------
The situation had completely and utterly unmanned him; in the days that followed he found he could think of little else other than her firm young body, her perfect high riding young breasts with their pink erect nipples, the deep and enticing v where her legs met. He fantasised about her incessantly and he carried an almost constant erection and had to be careful to keep it concealed although his voluminous black cassock could almost have been designed for just such a purpose.
And she seemed to be around him all the time, wherever he was, helping at the Church both before and after the services; at all the church functions as a member of the congregation and also as a senior member of the church Girl Guide group and choir; she was haunting him, he could not avoid her, she seemed to be there every time he turned around, her calm stare looking back at him, taunting him, exciting him, turning him on.
In response he masturbated like a man possessed, his devils riding him until his hand was a blur; taking every opportunity to slip away and make himself cum, fishing his rigid shaft out of his trousers with relish and stroking himself while imagining Pat naked and compliant beneath him. But despite his desperation there was no opportunity to get her alone, he had to be careful, he could not afford to be caught. And whether by design or accident she always seemed to be surrounded by people, chaperoned and inaccessible; and always her eyes, watching him, laughing at his impotence to make good his desires.
Eventually, as the weeks passed, his passion failed to cool but instead became a cold and implacable obsession. Frustration became calculation, calculation allowed calm. He began to watch and plan, he knew it was only a matter of time before he managed to find her alone and then he would have her. He just needed the patience to wait for the opportunity to present itself.
It was only a few days later that he noticed that the curtains were open in the church hall as he drove past. It took him a moment to remember that the Guides had asked for the keys to go in and get their kit ready for a short camping trip they were planning. He also remembered that they had booked a few days use of the grounds behind the church itself that they always used as their local camping grounds. He had intended to check out the campsite when they were on the chance that she would be there but on an instinct he pulled his car into the church hall drive and parked.
The main doors to the hall were unlocked and he let himself in. The hall at first appeared disappointingly empty but then he noticed that the trapdoors to the space beneath the stage was propped open and he could hear the muffled sound of voices coming faintly from inside. He walked over to the front of the stage, his footsteps echoing noisily in the empty hall and the voices fell silent.
"Hello?" he called and he heard the sound of movement from somewhere under the stage, he heard hurried whispers.
"Hello? Is anyone there?" he called again and suddenly a head popped up through the trapdoor. He recognised Sue as one of the other senior guides from the troop.
"Hello," he said, "are you here on your own?"
Sue smiled, "Hello Vicar. No, I'm not. My sister Jackie is here," and as if on cue Jackie's head appeared in the second trapdoor alongside her. The trapdoors, which were set into the floor of the stage, were heavy contraptions and over the years someone had designed a couple of supporting struts that could prop the doors open for light and ventilation for anyone working under the stage. It was these struts that held the doors open now.
Unfortunately the doors could only be propped open enough to allow the girls heads and shoulders to show and consequently the two disembodied heads resembled a Punch and Judy show rather than real people.
"Hello Vicar," Jackie offer, smiling. "We're getting the equipment ready for a camping trip for next week."
He nodded and smiled back, "Hello Jackie. I know about the trip. You're using the woods behind the Church. I've just signed the papers."
"Papers?" Jackie looked confused.
"Don't worry about it," the Vicar answered, "you have to rent the woods from me if you want to use them."
"Oh," Jackie looked at her sister, "I didn't know."
"No reason that you should my dear." He said condescendingly, " are there only the two of you? I would have thought that there would have been more of you, some of those tents are very heavy."
"Pat said she would be here soon. Three of us will be fine."
"Pat?" the vicar asked his interest suddenly peaking. "Pat Jackson? From the choir?"
"Yep," Jackie answered, "said she would be here. We're expecting her any time now."
The vicar paused and licked his lips, looking around. Slowly and ponderously he walked across and picked up a folding chair, returning to his spot n front of the low stage. He sat down and settled himself like a stage director in the empty hall. The two girls exchanged glances and Sue ducked back under the stage.
"She's getting something to kneel on," Jackie offer and after some shuffling Jackie rested her chin on her arms and Sue's head reappeared.
"Sorry, just getting something to kneel on. Floors a bit hard on the knees and the stage is just a bit too high without something to kneel on."
"That's alright," the vicar offered, his overheated imagination suddenly conjuring up the image of what he knew to be two very attractive bodies that were lost to view beneath the stage. He could feel himself growing hard at the thought and he crossed his legs, enjoying the now familiar feeling of his growing erection. Since Pat had offered herself in just her knickers his mind had been constantly alight with sexual images of every woman he had come into contact with. He realised with a smile that his obsession with sex was now totally out of hand.
He coughed and taking his time he rearranged his cassock over his growing embarrassment. He looked up at the girls and realising that his tell tale erection was below their line of sight he relaxed. He slipped his hand into the false pocket in his cassock that lay behind the real pockets and which gave him access to his trousers and with a small sigh of contentment he quietly unbuttoned his trousers. Looking around he slowly pulled himself out and gently began to stroke his shaft as he let his mind dwell once again on his recent meeting with a semi nude Pat.
The conversation with the girls drifted, his interest focused on his hand on his shaft and his eyes on the door waiting for Pat to arrive. The girls folded their arms on the stage in front of them and rested their chins on them as the vicar droned on. He was lost in the sensations that were growing as he slowly kept on stroking himself. The secret pleasure he was giving himself and knowing the risk he was taking made the pleasure more intense. In fact he was so wrapped up in his own pleasure that he did not notice the growing discomfort of the two young women. Sue in particular seemed to be suffering more than her sister from the dust and the heat under the stage
.
She seemed restless, jittery, unable to settle and a number of times she seemed to almost drop from sight, as though her legs were incapable of holding her up. She looked flushed and hot, resting her head on her arms on the edge of the stairs. Had he been less erect he would have made the short journey to the edge of the stage to see what was wrong but his erection was too obvious and besides he was enjoying the sensations of pleasuring himself. He was thinking of Pat and not Sue and Jackie. Attractive as they were they were unknowns whereas Pat had staked her claim on his attentions by disrobing in front of him.
His mind constantly ran back and forth over the scenario and he cursed the people in the Church, the ones who had returned unexpectedly. His mind was alive with the possibilities of what would have happened if they had arrived even ten minutes later when his hand would have been able to complete its journey and claim her young and extremely beautiful breast.
His mind was occasionally pulled back to the conversation with the two sisters in front of him although every time he did he noticed that their situation seemed to have deteriorated. He began to idly wonder whether Sue was drunk, she was sweating, her eyes looked glazed and she could barely keep her feet. Under normal circumstances he would have investigated, made them come out and explain themselves; but he did not want any problems that would not leave him free to deal with Pat when she arrived. Normally the problem of having to take a drunk young woman home in his car would have been a God given opportunity, especially when he could have conjured a hundred excused to dump her sister and thereby get Sue alone but he was fixed on Pat and he glanced back at the door wondering where she was. Looking up he suddenly noticed that Sue had in fact disappeared below stage at some point and he hadn't noticed, he was just about to comment when Pat arrived. Throwing the door open almost at a run she burst into the hall like a miniature whirlwind.
Calling Jackie's name she headed for the stage before she saw Jackie standing with her head out of the trapdoor. Confused she slowed slightly in her headlong rush. "Hi," she said cautiously, leaning over to catch her breath. "What's happening? Are you alright?" She saw Jackie staring pointedly past her and still confused she turned to follow her gaze.
"Hello Patricia," he said, rising from his seat like some prophecy of doom made mortal and slowly he turned to face her, a strangely depreciating smile of triumph on his lips.
Pat froze, "Hello Mr Green," she said, suddenly subdued as if the very sight of him had robbed her of her will.
"I've just been talking to Jackie and Sue," waving a large hand vaguely in their direction as if it were not obvious who he was talking about. "I understand you are here to help them."
Pat nodded but added with a sudden desperation, "Actually I'm here to apologise, I've got to get home, my Mum needs me to help her." She looked around the Vicar and pulled a face at Jackie, "Sorry," she said, "she just sprang it on me." Jackie smiled back at her, a strange sort of distracted smile but she told her it was OK and not to worry.
"Are you leaving now?" the Vicar asked moving with surprising speed for such a large man and placing himself between Pat and the door, effectively ending any thoughts of flight that she may have been harbouring.
Looking around and realising her predicament Pat nodded. "She's waiting," she offered apologetically. The Vicar collected his chair and placed it carefully back against the wall.
"I'll walk out with you," he said, "I really have to go as well." He turned back toward the stage and waved a curt farewell to Jackie before taking Pat by the arm and walking her out of the hall. He did not hear the heartfelt 'Fuck!' as Jackie's head slumped forward onto her arms or hear the short cry of surprise as she also suddenly disappeared back under the stage as if snatched away.
With his hand gripping her upper arm the vicar propelled Pat out into the small vestibule just outside the main hall. A few abandoned coats and an old scarf still adorned the pegs around the walls. Still retaining his grip on her he sat heavily on to one of the benches that were stacked there.
"I want to talk to you," he said, pulling her closer.
"What about?" she said, standing quiet and surprisingly unresisting before him.
"You know what about," he said, letting her go; and she stood back, trying to put herself out of his reach. "Parading yourself naked in the vestry the other day."
"I wasn't 'parading myself'," she said beginning to quietly prepare her defence, "you walked in on me. I didn't know you were there."
"Stop lying," he said bluntly, cutting through the arguments she was constructing in her head, "you knew I was there. You dropped your cassock on purpose, you exposed yourself knowing I was there, that I could see you, so that I could get a good look at you. You thought I was a safe man to expose your body to didn't you?" he said, his voice harsh and insistent and Pat backed away suddenly fearful of the huge man in front of her. "The vicar," he continued remorselessly, "a man of God, what could he do if you exposed your body to him? Nothing! He's just an impotent old man you thought and you took great delight in showing yourself off didn't you? Flashing your body and your breasts. You were teasing me."
Pat turned her back on him, pretending to read the dusty notices haphazardly pinned to a board on the wall, her confidence had suddenly evaporated and she didn't know how to handle the situation and the man, his position, his power and his sheer size dominating her.
"I wasn't teasing," she said, her voice shaking slightly, betraying her new found fear, "you misunderstood, you took me by surprise."
He stood up and moved closer behind her, his breath hot and moist rasping against her ear and she stiffened as she felt his nearness behind her, hard up against her.
"Misunderstood? You were naked! You only had your knickers on. You were teasing," he repeated, "and I am not a man lightly to be teased."
She started as she felt his hand, slowly and purposely, close around the softly rounded globe of her bottom, moulding itself to her shape. She bit her lip to stop herself from crying out as he deliberately and calculatingly squeezed her cheek. She could feel small beads of sweat starting along her hairline, his hand felt huge and hot, his breath heavy and threatening behind her. Her head swam as he groped his way over her, feeling her shape, pressing up against her. She had somehow lost control of the situation, between the Church and here and she was panicked. She stood stock still as his hand moved back to her bottom, following the contours of her cheeks. She was rooted to the spot, shock and disbelief taking their toll in equal parts.
His hand moved easily, feeling its way from cheek to cheek, confident, thorough; and she could feel herself begin to tremble as his hand slid slowly down the back of her thigh, moving lower until his fingers finally touched bare skin and with a deliberate and calculated slowness he lifted the back of her short, pleated dress; carefully tucking it up at the back, exposing her from the waist down.
His hand immediately moulded itself once again to the contours of her cheek. She whimpered slightly as he squeezed and fondled her through the thin material of her knickers, his hands growing stronger, more sure, more dominant.
"I told you I am not a man to be teased," he whispered quietly, his mouth still hot and foetid against her ear. He gripped her, kneading her cheeks with the palm of his hand, his fingers hard and insistent, dipping into the dark cleft that separated them, slowly working the material down.
"Not a man to be teased," he whispered, dark and menacing, his breath in her hair and she shook beneath his hands.
"Nice arse," he said quietly, the word sounding even more shocking from a vicar and he laughed again.
"But there again," he added after a brief pause, "I always knew it would be."
She felt his hand move over her with a growing intimacy, moving up under the top of her skirt onto the soft skin above her knickers, skin new exposed by the movement of his hands; and she knew that she had lost her chance to object to him, to express indignation at his actions, for an outraged outburst of moral anger, to save herself from further intimacy under his hands.
Taking the soft material of her knickers in both hands he pulled the elasticated waistband away from her skin. He paused for a moment and she waited, she could feel him looking down in to the back of her knickers, looking at her bared bottom like some small and naughty schoolboy. She tensely waited for what seemed like an age, her forehead resting against the ancient crusty glass of the notice board; before she felt his hand slip slowly down inside the back of her pants, flesh against unresisting flesh, sliding slowly and silently down into the darkness where her secrets were kept. The only noise the soft, excited, exhalation of held in breath at her ear. She shuddered as she felt his fingers glide down in the darkness inside her pants, intimately exploring, crudely searching.
His hand felt huge behind her, filling the back of her knickers, covering her cheeks, his fingers pushing rudely into the cleft between them and her legs began to tremble. She rolled her forehead against the glass as she silently acquiesced in her own violation.
She tried to keep still but she could feel herself shaking, dazed and shocked.
"See what happens to little girls who tease?" he said and he squeezed her flesh, his finger pressing against the small, secret, bud of her anus. He pressed a little harder and his hand shook with the adrenaline rush. He felt her tense, he had never felt so strong, so in command and without knowing really what he was doing except that it was forbidden, he pressed a little harder until the tip of his finger just began to open her and she whimpered.
He was doing things he had never dreamed possible, he had this young woman exactly where he wanted her, and was shocked at her passivity, her acceptance of his advances and her seeming complete acquiescence to what he was doing to her. There was no objection to his hands in her knickers, to his touching her, not even a token resistance, she just stood still and let him do as he pleased; and his mind raced with the sudden sexual possibilities she presented, the opportunities to touch and unclothe; and his mind reeled, a flash of light, his epiphany complete.
She did not feel his hand shake as he took the thin waistband of her knickers in his hand and slowly and deliberately pulled the back of them down below the pink, scrubbed cheeks of her bottom. When she realised what he was doing she cried out and made a move to catch hold of them and he laughed and in a voice that brooked no argument he snarled "leave them," and she stopped in mid motion.
"That's better," he said as her hands dropped subserviently to her side and he reached around her, fumbling up and under the front of her skirt to grab the waistband of her knickers and to pull the front down onto her thighs just as he had at the back. As he pulled them down the back of his fingers accidentally brushed lightly against her pubic hair and his heart missed a beat. He hesitated for a moment and his mouth dried up. The touch at her sex, the brief brush against her pubic hair made him suddenly and terrifyingly aware of the enormity of what he was doing. He was standing in the vestibule of a dark and decrepit old village hall pulling down the knickers of one of his parishioners, one of the women in his congregation, one of the woman he was supposed to succour and protect, not fondle and abuse.
He had completely crossed the line, his behaviour was so outrageous that if discovered his life in this community, in any decent community, was over. He would be a pariah, an outcast, defrocked and cast out. His life was already in tatters, everything he had worked for and become had been risked in this one brief moment of sexual madness, crystallised into the accidental brush against this young woman's pubic hair. He hesitated, his logical mind trying to stop the folly but uncontrollably the sexual urge proved stronger and his hand continued to work her knickers down from under her skirt.
"Just do as you're told and you'll find I can be very nice," he said, his hands shaking as he worked the loose material down her thighs.
"You see I like a girl who does what she's told."
She whimpered slightly as his hands, in their haste and excitement harshly handled her.
"No use snivelling now," he said as with one hand he pushed her knickers further down her legs before pushing her legs hurriedly apart with his foot. He straightened up, running his hand back up between her thighs and back onto her bottom.
"You brought this on yourself you know," he snarled. "Flashing your body at me, making fun of me, thinking I would be a safe target, that I wouldn't do anything. I'll bet you told all your friends what you'd done, had a good laugh at me didn't you?"
Pat shook her head, shocked and dazed, she could feel his fingers tremble with excitement as he caressed her, her arse and her hips, his desire in plain sight, his own darkness finally exposed.
"Open your legs," he instructed and she hesitated for a moment but he squeezed her naked cheek hard and she winced.
"Open them," he repeated threateningly and so she opened her legs further for him, shuffling slightly in her fear, conditioned by his authority to obey.
"That's better," he said, his hands stroking her flanks and cheeks, "no more teasing now is there?" She shook her head.
He could not breathe when he looked at her, almost naked from the waist down, her skirt high and out of the way, her knickers around her knees. He prayed silently to himself, his lips mouthing the words, his mind on the edge of hysteria, a whirl of fear and lust, his erection hard and painful in his trousers. With shaking hands he grasped her bottom with both hands, exploring, kneading, excitedly absorbing every curve, every texture. He worked his hand slowly up and down the crack of her bottom, feeling the dark warmth of her secret brown skin, probing rudely, intimately and she whimpered. No one had ever touched her like this, so familiarly, not even her doctor; but like her doctor the man behind her now knew exactly what he was doing when he touched her. He knew how to unclothe her, how to search her forbidden places and how to expose her for his needs. But unlike the doctor the vicar's hands shook.
She placed her own hands on the wall to brace herself as his fingers worked their way slowly down between her cheeks, following the line down between her legs.
"Further," he said quietly, authoritatively, "open them further." And she obediently shuffled her legs further apart to allow his hand access to her. Watching her stand there with her legs apart, waiting for him to touch her, he paused for a moment as he struggled with an overwhelming desire to cum. He moaned quietly and shook as he fought for control of his ejaculation. Yet all she could feel was his hand as it slid slowly down into the darkness between her legs.
For him there was a moments fumbling in unfamiliar territory and then his fingers closed on her, as he always knew they would; warm and moist, soft and trembling, the object of his deepest desires. Desires he had often prayed to overcome and desires he had quite obviously failed to erase.
She gasped as his fingers found her, reaching for her from behind, between her legs, sliding inexpertly along the length of her, along the soft, wet, line of her sex. Yet his large fingers were strangely inept, strangely tender, almost childishly gentle in their assault up on her most intimate of places. His trembling fingers, as they followed along the line of her lips, separating and stroking, were surprisingly tormenting, unexpectedly erotic.
"Yes," he said quietly against her ear, his incredulous fingers softly caressing her sex as if it were some warm, small bird, "that's what I've been looking for. Thank you," although if asked he would have been hard pressed to say what he was thanking her for.
His fingers pushed between her lips, opening her up, feeling her wetness transfer itself onto his hand.
"It feels like you have a beautiful fanny," he said at last as his fingers travelled wetly along her. He laughed harshly.
"Has anyone ever told you that?" he asked and she shook her head.
"No?" he asked pleased with her answer and his finger slipped inside her, seeming to suddenly fill her, causing her to lean heavily against the wall as though her legs would no longer support her.
Looking down she could not see his hand between her thighs; she could only feel his finger inside her, filling her, making her tremble and she groaned as he pressed himself home.
"No?" He asked again as he continued quietly to explore her sex, "I find that hard to believe. It feels beautiful to me," and she hung her head, biting her lip and fighting back the tears and the sudden unexpected need to cum.
Once again he ran his finger along the length of her, from the front to the back of her sex, she was already very wet and his finger moved easily between her lips and he rejoiced in the feeling, he could not ever remember feeling anything so beautiful, so rare, as this young woman's soft wet sex. Her knees sagged again and she remained upright only by resting her head against the wall in front of her. His finger made the return journey, moving between her lips with the hubris born of his growing confidence, his growing intimacy with and knowledge of her body.
He finally realised that he now had complete control of her and providing he used her wisely, at least at first, he could do with her what he pleased. He could not believe how easily she had fallen. She was not going to report him now, her chance had passed, he was safe.
He reached the top of her sex, searching for and finding the small nub of her clitoris and she stiffened and cried out as he touched it, her forehead pressed against the wall.
"Ah yes," he said gleefully, his finger circling the hard little point, "that is what I believe they call 'the clitoris', the 'pleasure centre', the 'g-spot', the centre of your universe. It's what all the current excitement is about in your generation; or so I've read. It seems that you have just invented it. We'll have to check it out properly at some point won't we?"
She hung her head and tried not to cry out as his finger centred on the spot. "Sensitive isn't it," he said, his finger making dazzling, lazy circles, that lit up in fireworks behind her eyes and made her groan.
"Do you like it? Do you like me doing this? You do don't you? He said and she slid slowly forward, leaning more heavily against the wall. "You don't have to answer now," he said, "we'll have plenty of time to discuss it later," and his finger moved back along her sex and she almost collapsed with despair and relief.
His finger slipped inside her, sliding into her, filling her and this time she could not control herself and she cried out.
"Ah, so you do like it," he said, "I thought you would," he said and pressed his finger deeper inside her. She cried out again, feeling her self control slipping away from her, his fingers and his words stripping her of her ability to think straight or even to stand up. He pressed again and with a small shudder she came on his finger, sagging hard against the wall.
He laughed, his breath harsh against her cheek.
"Well," he said triumphantly, "that was easy wasn't it? Very quick. I hardly touched you. Just you wait until I really get my fingers inside you," she shuddered, her face pressed up against the wall, her legs apart. His fingers withdrew and she moaned softly.
"I think I'm going to enjoy getting to grips with you; and I know that you're going to enjoy it as well, a joint voyage of discovery." He patted her affectionately on her naked rear and stepped back. "You have a really beautiful bottom," he said his hand lingering on the soft globe. "And a very beautiful fanny," he said his hand slipping down between her legs as if reluctant to let go of his wet prize, "I'm really going to enjoy you."
With a discernible effort he pushed himself away from the young woman, leaving her hard against the wall. He paused for a moment.
"Oh, and Pat," he said, but she didn't look up, just sagged against the wall with her head down.
He heard a muffled 'What?', she was still standing with her skirt tucked up around her waist, her legs apart with her knickers half way down her thighs, her naked bottom on display. His wet finger marks glinted in the sunlight on her skin. He touched her and she flinched.
"I was just going to say 'don't forget to pull your pants up'. We don't want anyone to get the wrong idea about you do we? Some people wouldn't understand you going out half naked; they might think you were easy."
He laughed to himself and made to turn away, "Oh and yes," he said turning back and standing close behind her again, "while I'm thinking about it." He fondled her bottom again and she shuddered. "While I have really enjoyed our little 'conversation' here today, I don't want you to run away with the idea that I'm finished with you. Do you understand?"
She remained quiet, her head resting on her arms which were braced against the wall. With his hand still on her bottom he reached under her arm with his free hand and grasped her breast, squeezing it. "Do you understand?" he repeated and she gasped at the semi painful pressure. "Do you understand?"
"Yes," she said quietly, "Yes, I understand."
"Good," he said smiling, "I'll see you later then," and without a backward glance at the exposed and spread eagled young woman, as if in a sudden hurry to flee the scene of the crime, he turned and walked out of the front door into the sunshine.