My wife is one of those very sexy girls who doesn't know how hot she is. A real treasure. We met when Allison was 22, slightly geeky, but with a killer body. I was blown away the first time I saw her naked. Even better than I had guessed. I thought it was my duty to mankind to share the wealth.
On our first big trip together, just a few months after we started dating, I took every opportunity to open the blinds to our room at night, hoping someone would catch a nice glimpse of her walking around half-dressed or, better, undressed. One night in particular we were staying on the ground floor of a little hotel in the Caribbean with a window that opened onto the little path that led into the hotel grounds. No glass in the windows, just wooden shutters to allow a breeze. When we got back after dinner and Allison went in to the bathroom to get ready for bed, I opened the shutters and turned on the bedside lights. She wears contacts, and I was hoping she would take them out and not notice the shutters wide open. She came back naked...except for her glasses, so she noticed the shutters open, and immediately closed them. Fortunately for me, she took her glasses off and then realized she'd forgotten something and ducked back into the bathroom. I quickly reopened the shutters and when she came back out she didn't notice and hopped under the covers.
I was so excited by the idea that someone might walk by and see her, that I could barely contain myself. I started rubbing her the way she likes, and we began kissing. I slid the covers slowly off her and caressed her entire body, all the while wondering who might see her in all her glory. I rubbed her beautiful tits and played with her nipples until they stood up as tall as I'd ever seen them. Slowly, slowly I moved my hand down her body until I was playing with her pussy lips, teasing her. She was nicely wet already and spread her legs enough to let me know how much she was enjoying this. As if I didn't already know from her moans and gentle writhing on the bed!
I kept working on her pussy, all the while kissing her deeply. I teased her clit, ran my fingers up and down over her pussy lips, up and down her slit, and repeated this for a little while. She was lying on her back, with me on the side of the bed opposite the window, so I know anyone outside would have a fantastic view of her perfect tits, thin waist, and beautiful bush. She reached around and began stroking my cock, which was fit to burst at the idea of showing her off the way I was. I slid first one finger, then two, into her dripping pussy and she rolled her head back and moaned. I couldn't wait much longer, and rolled over on top of my wife and entered her. It felt fantastic, and Allison seemed to agree...I think my cock was probably bigger than she had ever felt before and she didn't mind one bit!
After a few minutes on top, I realized that anyone outside wouldn't have that great a view of her. I rolled her over on her side with her facing the window, and me behind her in a sort of spoon configuration. I raised her top leg to open her pussy, and slid between her legs and into her from behind. I made sure to angle us slightly and keep her top leg raised so that anyone watching would have a great view of her entire body as well as my hard cock sliding in and out of her. The feeling was indescribable, but undoubtedly recognizable to anyone who has wanted to show off their wife or girlfriend. I reached around and played with her tits, adding to the show that I desperately hoped someone was watching. After only a few minutes of this, I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I moved my hand down and began rubbing Allison's clit as my pace increased. Her head thrashed around the bed and our noises filled the room and spilled into the courtyard outside, as we came together in one of the most intense orgasms of my life.
Afterwards, I made sure we lay there for a few more minutes with her facing the window, my arms around her, being careful not to block any of the good bits! Eventually she got up to use the bathroom and I closed the blinds and turned off the lights.
I still don't know whether anyone saw our show that night, but I've thought about it often and it's been a common fantasy. It also showed me how much fun it could be to show her off, and led to all of my many other escapades trying to expose her to as many guys as possible.