I couldn't believe I was on my knees in the woman's room, obviously in the stall. Not to mention the disbelief of what I was doing here and who I was with. My mouth was between the legs of a very sexy woman and I was eating her out like it was my last meal. It was a scenario I always dreamed about, but never experienced. Every bathroom stall was empty and we picked the closest one. My sex drive isn't what it used to be so eating pussy is a great way to make almost any woman happy. Of course when I do this, I'm happy too. We kissed the whole way into the bathroom as she pulled me with her into the closest stall. I closed the door after knowing full well the slight turn of the knob sealing the door could shake loose at anytime.
A long time ago, at the tender youthful age of twenty I fucked and licked whatever presented an opportunity, but twenty-five years later and my desires were not what they used to be. At forty-five I perform where I can. Sure I talked a good game, but what it came down to was not how good I performed with verbal skills, but how good my tongue truly was. This woman emoted not just sexual energy, but an undying, unwavering sense of raw sensual power. She didn't say much, but every time I saw her I didn't say much either. This was a woman who tripped me up in every sense of the word and I felt that not only was she amused by it, she liked it.
For months I stared at her. We locked eyes a few times and not shy little glances. They were full out "I'm going to fuck you" stares. I felt like I was prey the one time she licked her lips. This helped build my confidence. After all she must be getting the same vibe from me, not that I even tried to lick my lips. I just felt for me it was natural, but with her, she was different somehow, special in the best sense of the word.
The first time I felt the courage to talk to her I blurted out about the weather. I told her what a beautiful day it was not realizing the drenched umbrella she was carrying didn't protect her. Her succulent brown eyes stared at me, her brow creased as too look and say you poor deranged man, but it was her hair, medium brown in color and what I detected to be red hues sprinkled through out that dripped with moisture that I thought, yes it was a beautiful day indeed. Did I mention the tight blouse that showed off her bra and erect nipples. I love white on a rainy day.
Now this day, months later her hair was still elegantly wet like that rain day, only this time it was after a shower following an exercise session in the corporate gym. She smelled wonderful and I didn't mean the soap she used. Over the last few months we traded music and we increased our music tastes by basing it off what we already individually liked. We even had our list synchronized to about some fifty plus different songs. We were working out together with our fit bits in sync, the only difference was the randomizer playing our playlist which jumped to different songs. This made the workout interesting. Certain songs energized her more than they did me and vice versa. Apparently this worked with eating her out too. I could hear the music as I was between her legs. She maxed out the volume. Now she was listening to Animals by Nickelback while I was doing exactly what the lyrics implied.
I guess they knew she was missin'
As I tried to tell her dad
It was her mouth that I was kissin'
I could feel what she liked just by the way her nails which would either impale themselves on my shoulders or her fingers would roll through my hair massaging my scalp. She talked too, there is nothing hotter than a woman that tells you exactly how and where she likes to be pleasured, or in this case she apparently really liked my skills because more than anything she was saying "oh yea, right there". And maybe it wasn't so much as talking as it was yelling over the music.
My hands held her inner thighs because every time she trembled or spasmed from my tongue licking between her legs, her powerful mussels clenched. My head between them facing her wet pussy above the toilet basin was both dirty and exotic at the same time. I switched rhythms, quicker at times as I listened to her breathing. That was key, knowing what she needed just by exhaling and inhaling. Any deeper probing was distinctively from my tongue. I wasn't going to penetrate her just yet, but I did want to fuck her.
"Keep Licking" she loudly said.
Was it a demand? Was she begging? Or did she just want to say what I was planning on doing anyway? It was euphoric, almost like a drug, the most addictive drug ever. Each lap of her pussy made my tongue tingle. I decided to up the ante. I entered my index finger. Every woman is different, in mannerisms, looks, style, and body. As I slid my finger in for the first I knew she was no different. An audible gasp signifying that my wager paid off. The tightness wrapped around my finger.
I felt around paying attention to each breath, gasp, and moan. I pushed deep, pulled out, and repeated. I placed my tongue on her clit humming along to the next song as I heard the lyrics play for The Goo Goo Dolls.
All I can taste is this moment
And all I can breathe is your life
'Cause sooner or later it's over
I just don't want to miss you tonight
Her hands clasped a hold of the back of my head. Even at times grabbing my ears. A slow movement of her hips began to gyrate. My finger continuously felt inside searching for her g-spot. My tongue lapping again as my finger began to be coated with her cum. Then I inserted a second finger, the results were climatic. Her moans grew louder and I was hesitant. What if someone came in? What if we were reported? What if I lost my gym membership?
"Do NOT stop"
Did she sense my hesitancy? I expected she did, because now she was grinding on my face. The limited area of the bathroom stall had me remove my fingers. Her constant gyration caused her dress to start slipping down and as much as I love to eat pussy, I like watching the pussy I'm eating. I held both her thighs again making sure I held the hem of the skirt up. I licked again and again until her panting was akin to a bitch in heat. I could tell already she was an exhibitionist, but did she...
Ah why ask at this point. My fingers were already wet at the point. I used my middle finger to touch the tip of her anus and easily slid it in. I don't know if this was because my fingers were so lubed with her own juices or because she was an anal slut. I began to finger her while still sticking my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could go. After a few pushes and pulls her moans escalated again, only louder. Buckcherry was next.
Hey!
You're a crazy bitch
But you fuck so good I'm on top of it
When I dream I'm doing you all night
Scratches all down my back to keep me right on
I've been in the back door before but I don't think with anyone who enjoyed it this much. Feeling no resistance I decided to go for broke and slid a second finger in. She suddenly stopped and I thought I just fucked up. I was getting up when she stopped me. My cream covered face stared at her. Her brown eyes piercing into me.
"You're not done yet."
She turned around with relative ease due to the constrained location we were in. Her dress still hiked up. She pulled her ass cheeks apart speaking.
"You ate all your dinner, now it's time for dessert. I bet you'll like this."
I guess she didn't expect me to answer or want me to because she backed up and my face became buried into her ass. My nose dug in between her cheeks and my hands pushed her hands away and spread her ass further apart. The worry that she was screaming loudly due to her headphones dissipated as they were no longer causing my nerves to fray. I felt empowered, like my only job now was to make her cum. I treated her asshole like her pussy. Licking with my tongue trying to push my way in. It was oddly pleasing, a taste that was hypnotically satisfying. We reached a pattern that was electrifying. I could tell his when she started to play with herself. Her fingers were sliding in and out of her pussy as they also rubbed her clit. I wanted to feel her do it but, my hand was slapped away.
She was moaning and moaning loud. The acoustics in the bathroom locker room had us sound like there were two people in here getting off. I enjoyed hearing the sounds, the pleasurable sounds as each pitch in rhythm dictated what I did next.
My body was concentrating on what it was doing but, my mind was racing. My dick still engulfed under cloth, locked by a belt, and was dying to break forth. I wanted to be in her mouth. I wanted my dick to slide in and out of her lips, then when I was ready to cum I'd stop. As much as I wanted to cum down her throat, I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to pierce not only her pussy, but her ass, plus I didn't know was she a facial kind of girl? Did she like the idea of cum drenching her face? Was cum dripping from her chin a badge of honor? Another song played, this one I didn't recognize.
I'm so addicted to all the things you do
When you're going down on me in between the sheets
Oh the sounds you make with every breath you take.
It's like anything when you're loving me
I always found it hot when a woman played with herself. It was the mental aspect that I don't need a man to get off, I can do it myself. I loved that she was doing it, of course this was with my help as my tongue burrowed itself deeper in her ass. Yea, it happened. She screamed. She orgasmed. Her legs gushed with her cum. Did she actually squirt. My back was against the door at this point. My face still buried in her ass. I felt like this was a torture, the kind I'd ask for again and again. I didn't want to stop.
She relented and I stood, but she was straightening her dress. She turned around and faced me; kissed me. I mean she actually kissed me even after I was just eating her ass out. Not only did I like the way she tasted, apparently so did she. It was my turn now. I started to unzip my pants I wanted to fuck her so bad, but not having protection, I would be happy with a blow job. Just her lips were still on my mouth kissing me with her tongue darting in and out of my mouth like she wanted every last morsel. Her hands caressing my face; my hands pulling my dick out of my pants.
I went to push her to her knees so I can slide my dick between her lips when she stopped me...
She stepped out of her emerald green panties, picked them up, and stuffed them in my mouth. I was aghast, ready to pull them out and protest. Her one hand rested against the lace cloth halfway out of my mouth the other pulled her headphones out of her ears. She leaned closer and what sounded like the best bedroom voice I ever heard, she whispered into my ear.
"We're in the woman's room not the men's room." And then she walked by me, out of the stall and to the mirror. I watched speechless as she fixed herself up and walked out the exit. I pulled the panties from my mouth as she was leaving, the evidence of our intimacy in my hands that anything happened along with the fragrant taste of her on my lips. My hand was wrapped around my dick struggling with the idea of either jerking off or putting it away. But the next time we met I was damn sure that I'd be taking her into the men's room.