There is some taboo language and race play contained herein. If that bothers you, maybe avoid this piece.
*****
The semester was over.
Ever since my meeting (or 'meating', rather) with Principal Sankey, Rita has mostly hands off. Maybe she's busy with finals. Maybe she lost interest in me.
I kept wearing the same uniform regardless. I was coming to terms with my new sexual identity. I kept myself up at night thinking about getting railed by the Principal that morning. Or the bus ride before that, giving handjobs to those bewildered kids on the bus. Watching the youth group masturbate around me before getting plowed in my asshole. Rita's fist up my cunt. And, when it all started, getting spit-roasted in the weightlifting room. I embraced every detail as part of my new life as a whore.
So it was a disappointing week. That is, until I got home after the last day before winter break.
"Honey, a friend of yours dropped off a letter of some kind. It's on your bed," my dad informed me as I made it home.
"Thanks, Pops," I told him, sweetly. I felt his eyes scan over my body with disappointment.
"I think your clothes are due for a wash," he added.
"Yeah, probably," I giggled as I rushed upstairs. I burst into my room, surprised how anxious I had become. I could see from the doorway that it had "From Rita" written in big letters on the front. I could barely contain myself.
I leapt onto the bed and ripped the letter open. It read:
"Hope you enjoyed your little break this last week, because we're going to be making up for lost time tonight. We're gonna find out just how much of a whore you are. Someone is going to pick you up at 9 P.M. Be ready."
9 PM couldn't come fast enough. Decided to really whore it up, putting on lots of cheap looking red lipstick and plenty of mascara. Put my hair into pigtails and shaved my pussy bald. And then made sure I was generally shaved clean from the head down.
I was putting my school outfit back on when I heard my Dad knock on the door.
"Your friends are here, it looks like."
I opened up the door and my Dad looked me up and down. I kissed him on the cheek and quickly bounced downstairs. I wondered if he noticed my panty-less bottom under my skirt as I raced to the door. And if he did, why hadn't he said anything? Oh well, no time for that now.
I stepped out into the cold winter air, Rita standing in front of a gray conversion van. She patted the door next to her, leaning up against the passenger door.
"Hop in, slut," she ordered. She threw the door open and I stepped inside. She closed it and we were off down the street.
"I like the makeup, it suits you."
I smirked. The inside of the van had been fitted with some dark red colored lighting and shag carpeting. I assumed this was a van belonging to a drug dealer, but I had no idea.
"Take off your clothes. You won't need them, they'll just get in the way."
I complited immediately. Helps that I was really only wearing a shirt, a skirt, and some sandals.
"You even shaved. The boys will like that."
I could feel blood rush up and down my body. Boys. Was I going to my first gang bang? Rita tossed something in front of me. A collar.
"I took that from my Great Dane. Should fit you okay. If not, doesn't matter. You'll wear it regardless."
I picked it up, and it definitely smelled like it had been on a dog for years. It was old, black leather with studs. Rita hooked a leash onto it.
"You go where I lead you and stay where I leave you. Can your dumb whore brain comprehend that?"
I nodded.
"We're here, Rita." A male voice from up front. I couldn't see who it was. I wondered if he'd be putting his cock in my body at some point tonight.
Rita slid the door open, stepping out. She tugged on the leash and I followed her onto the concrete path. I walked behind her towards the house. It was pretty big, two stories up, and probably plenty of space in the basement. It was in one of the fancier neighborhoods in town. One of those areas where everyone has a gigantic, huge modern home.
Rita must have been enjoying the leash because she kept tugging on it, all the way until we reached the front door. Before she rang the doorbell, she turned and pulled something out of her purse.
"Here. Thank me later."
It was a pair of kneepads.
"Put'em on. Don't wanna keep the fellas waiting."
I slipped them on. It felt weird, standing on a stranger's porch butt ass naked, except for the dog collar around my neck and the kneepads on my legs.
The front door opened, and there stood two tall black guys. Both could be athletes, but I didn't recognize them.
"Party's here."
They looked me up and down, licking their lips.
"She'll do."
Rita tugged and I followed. We walked through the house, and I started to recognize faces from school. It was embarrassing and humiliating, but I was already getting wet from the attention. My perky, C-cup tits stood at attention and several guys reached out to touch as we walked through. Rita led me downstairs to the basement. The music was loud and the air was full of clouds of pot smoke. There was a big opening in the middle of the basement, and in the middle sat a kiddie pool.
"Get in, cunt."
I stepped in, getting to my knees almost by default. Rita took the the end of the least, strapping it to a beam that hung over me. I wasn't going anywhere. Guys started to gather around. Guys I knew and others I didn't. They passed around blunts and cans of beer, all smiling down over me.
"Listen up, boys. This is Greta. Some of you go to school with her. Maybe you've seen her tight little bubble butt in the hall and always wanted to squeeze it. Tonight's the night for you."
They all cheered loudly in response.
"She's here for whatever. Fuck her face, fuck her asshole, fuck her pussy, cum inside her, cum on her, piss on her, whatever. She's like a sexy toilet."
They all laughed at that. I grimaced at the mention of pissing.
"If you're done with your beer, dump the rest out on her. Maybe give her some. Point is, she's all yours."
And just like that, Rita disappeared into the crowd.
The first guy to approach me was a tall and black. He was wearing baggy jeans and a loose white tee shirt, but judging by the definition of his muscles on his arms, he was undoubtedly jacked under there.
"Girl, your daddy must be proud of you," he told me. I nodded. He reached out and grabbed my right pig tail. With his other hand, he traced it along my cheek to my mouth, slipping it in as I sucked on it, closing my eyes as he explored my mouth with his index finger.
More guys came close. I recognized Matt, pitcher for our baseball team. He got behind me, giving my ass a squeeze and a few slaps. Another black boy approached me, red solo cup in hand. He put it to my lips. I'd never drank beer before, so when the first sip reached my lips, I gagged and spit it back.
"Aw shit, this bitch got my shirt wet!" exclaimed the guy whose finger had been in my mouth previously. He looked nonplussed about the incident.
"Guess she isn't much of a drinker," said the boy with the drink, who then turned it towards me, splashing it on my face. The smell of beer with strong in my nose.
The first guy pulled his cock out, swinging it against my face. It was heavy and thick, thudding against my cheek. Probably about nine inches long, almost as thick as the narrowest part of my arm. The other guy took his out, which could have been the opposite. Not too long, but impossibly thick.
The first guy ceased slapping his cock on my face and found my mouth. I could fit less than half of his monster in my mouth. He gripped my ponytails hard, causing me to moan in pain on his cock. He pulled my head violently back and forth. Behind me, Matt was pulling my bottom up. My head still being forced over a giant black dong, I stood in a bent position, feeling the head of Matt's (I think) penis pressing against my slit. I didn't see what it looked like, but the pain that shot up my torso as he tried to squeeze into my tight teenage pussy was enough to assume it was a giant. The cock in my mouth was pulled out suddenly.
"Scream, bitch!" he told me, and I did. "You like that?"
"Yes, sir!" I exclaimed as Matt wedged his dick in even further. Matt then smacked my ass.
"You like having this fat dick in your pussy, bitch?" Matt asked as he pushed in and out, feeling like I was about to burst open.
"Fuck me with that fat dick!" I cried out.
"Yeah! Fuck that bitch, Matt!" someone egged on from the crowd. I felt more cups of beer being dumped over me. Matt's ample schlong was ripping my cunt open, at least that's how it felt.
Then Greg pushed in from the crowd. He was a guy I dated last year and he was not happy when I decided to move on without giving it up.
"Well, well, well. Fancy meeting you here," he said to me as Matt railed furiously into my sopping wet gash. "Don't you have something to say to me?"
I looked at him with a mixture of pain and pleasure on my face.
"No?" he asked. I didn't know what he wanted me to say and I couldn't focus with this anaconda slithering in and out of my cock socket.
He slapped me right across the face.
"Tell me you're sorry. You made a mistake."
In between moaning and cringing from the massive cock in my vagina, I managed to respond, "I'm sorry, I made a mistake."
He slapped me again, backhanded. I started crying from the pain. I was overwhelmed, receiving for both ends. Mascara ran down my ruddy cheeks. Greg reached out, smearing my tears over my mouth with my lipstick.
"Now you're looking more like yourself," Greg said, laughing.
"Fuck! I'm about to bust a nut in this whore's pussy," Matt shouted from behind me. The first guy stepped towards me again, waving his big, black dong in front of me.
"Is this what you like, baby? Big, black dicks?" I nodded. "Don't look at me, tell him."
I looked his way, watching as he stroked his cock up and down, streaked with my throat juice.
"Fuck this slut is tight, bro," Matt called out again, ramping up to an orgasm.
"C'mon, Greta, tell this man what you like," Greg said again, more forcefully.
"I like big, black dicks," I sputtered as Matt shoved into my harder and harder, practically hollowing me out like a turkey on Thanksgiving day.
The nameless black guy let go of his cock, taking hold of my pigtails again. "Nah, baby. You like nigger dick, don't you?" He slid his cock into my mouth and down my throat slowly, fitting probably three quarters of it. He pulled it back out slowly, saliva dripping down my chin. "Tell me you love that nigger dick, bitch."
"Yes, I love that nigger dick."
"Fuck yeah you do," he said and started choking me with his meat sword. At the same time, Matt reached his limit, and I felt him pulsating strongly in my pussy as he dumped his load into my dick sleeve. He pulled out, and the mixture of pleasure, pain, and relief spurred me into an earth-shattering orgasm, squirting all over Matt. My legs tensed up but it didn't slow down the black dick intent on choking me unconscious.
Right before I thought I was going to pass out, he pulled his dick out.
"I want that ass, baby girl," he told me. He moved around me, spreading my buttcheeks wide.
"Get down in the pool, bitch," Greg ordered. "Ass up, faced down. Slurp up some of that booze into your gullet. This looks like it's gonna hurt."
The crowd really gathered around now, dumping backwashed beer and empty cups around me. A few guys that had been jerking off knelt down and came into my eager mouth.
I felt the cock pressed up against my asshole and groaned. "Beg me for it, whore," he told me.
"Please fuck my ass."
"C'mon, slut. Tell everyone what you want."
I looked up, saw what seemed to be an infinite number of men surrounding me. Ogling and rubbing their cocks, anticipating the sight of his giant black cock in my small asshole.
"I want to get ass-raped by this big, nigger dick," I announced to my adoring fans. They cheered and applauded as he slowly crammed his immense shaft into my asshole. He pushed in and out as he got deeper and deeper. I cried from the pain, moaned from the pleasure.
He sped up as my asshole gaped open. Didn't take a lot of effort since his cock was covered in my gag spit. He was thrusting his full length in and out.
"I can't believe people used to respect you. Look at you now," Greg said, watching an extra-large cock squeeze into my petite asshole. "Just a worthless, trashy whore." Greg then unzipped himself. I thought he was going to force his cock into my throat, but then I felt a warm stream of urine rain down my back, running down into my hair, mixing with the sweat and booze in the pool.
Then the cock that had been sliding up and down with relative ease, decided he hadn't gone deep enough.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum in this bitch's stomach," he said. Everyone laughed and cheered. Then he plunged himself down powerfully. I started screaming from the pain, as I was clearly not designed to accept cocks of just any length or girth I wanted. Then he started jackhammering from that deep, deep position. I was trying to rub my clit, but the pressure was immense. I was bawling like I just found out my favorite pet died in front me.
"Please, it hurts! Owowowow!" I cried out. Laughter was the only response. "Please cum, I can't take it!"
Then, after two long, forceful strokes, he dug himself as deep as he could and deposited his cum deep into my intestine. Then he pulled out and I felt like I wasn't going to be able to use my legs. He walked around me, grabbing my head.
"Clean me up, cunt."
"I can't... I can't use my..." I stammered.
"I don't give a fuck, clean your ass off my dick," he responded. He grabbed my hair again, my pigtails barely still on. He lifted me that way, pulling me up to eye level with his dong. I could smell my asshole on his dick, as well as cum.
Some guy in the back provided commentary, "Dude, she's so fucking nasty. She's gonna suck that shit up!"
And I did. He pushed it into my mouth and I took as much as I could. I gagged as I worked my mouth along his cock, but did as I was told.
Then all of a sudden, there was loud commotion from upstairs. Lots of shouting and running going on.
"Hey, what's going on?" someone in the crowd asked no one in particular.
There was some people running down the stairs into the basement.
"Police! Five-Oh! Get the fuck out of here!" they shouted.
"Sorry, baby, I ain't going to jail over your nasty ass," I was told and he pulled out, joining the mad rush out the door. No one seemed interested in untying my lease.
"See you around, whore," Greg told me before he took off with the others.
After the crowded dispersed, it was quiet. I wondered if Rita was still here, waiting for an 'all clear' before retrieving me.
Then I saw the beam of a flashlights pouring down the stairs from above.
"I can smell the weed pretty strongly down here." Three police officers came down, looking around for paraphernalia and drugs, I assumed. It wasn't along until they spotted me. A sloppy mess in a pool of booze, with a hint of urine.
"What's your name, ma'am? Are you okay?" I recognized the first officer that approached me. The others must be new, as I hadn't seen them before. Small enough town and you can spot a newbie.
"My name is Greta, and yes." I made no attempt to undue my collar, just sat on my knees.
One of the officers hit the basement light, and they all looked me over. The officer I recognized, Daniels, stepped forward.
"I know you. Bobby's girl," he said and I nodded.
"Am I in trouble?" I asked, innocently enough.
"That depends. Where are the drugs at?" He responded.
"I don't know," I answered, truthfully.
"I don't think you're daddy would be too happy to find out what you've been up to, would he?"
"No, sir," I said with pouty lips.
"Maybe you cooperate, and we can't forget we saw you here."
"I haven't seen anything, I promise," I told him again.
Officer Daniels got real close to me, squatting down to look at me in the eyes.
"You're being a really bad girl, aren't you?" He said. I nodded. "Cut her down," he ordered the other two. That cut the leash and Daniels pulled me by the arm towards a living area. He sat down on an ottoman as the other two officers stood behind me. "Get on your knees," he ordered and I obeyed.
He pulled his nightstick from his utility belt, aiming it at me.
"Bad boys and girls get the stick, Greta. Are you going to tell me what I want to know?"
"I don't know anything," I offered a third time.
"That's unfortunate," he said as he laid his nightstick across my cheek. "Can you feel that?" I nodded. "I've hurt a lot of men with this thing. Punished them with it." He dangled the nightstick in front of me like a cock. "Open your mouth." I did.
He pushed the nightstick into my mouth. I felt the hardness of it against my teeth as he pushed deeper.
He pulled it out, and grabbed me by the throat to stand me up on my feet. He undid his pants and dropped them. His big schlong flopped out and I could feel it bump against my thighs. He sat down on the couch and pulled me on top of him, straddling.
"Are you gonna be a good little girl, Greta?" He asked.
"Yes, sir."
His cock found my pussy. Not as big as Matt's third arm, but big enough to get me soaking wet with just a few strokes.
"Your daddy raised up a real filthy whore, didn't he?"
"Yes, sir."
"Officer Ryan has a pretty generous portion of meat just like me. Have you ever had cock in your pussy and ass at the same time, Greta?"
"No, sir."
"But you want it, don't you?"
"Yes, sir."
I heard Ryan drop his pants behind me, his belt clinging against the floor. I felt him get close as his pecker pushed up against my love tunnel. He groaned as he slid in, likely surprised by how ready I was.
"Fuck, she's got a legit whore asshole back here," Ryan told Daniels.
I'd never felt so full and satisfied. Especially after they matched rhythm, plowing in and out of me at a steady pace.
Officer Ryan didn't last long, dumping his load into my asshole within just a few minutes.
"Well, you're asshole has been well-used, but how about we stretch this gash of your open?"
Daniels was already at maximum capacity, he'd only gotten harder inside of me and now felt rooted in. The other officer dropped his pants and I felt him replace Ryan, his cock aimed at the top of my pussy hole. The officer pressed down against Daniels throbbing monster and I felt them hold me in place.
"I don't think it's gonna fit," I mumbled. Daniels responded by grabbing my throat and slapping me. I cried out.
"Shut the fuck up, whore."
"I'm sorry, sir."
"No, call me daddy, now. I want you to think about how your daddy would feel if he could see you, two men cramming their cocks in your pussy."
"Yes, daddy," I submitted.
And then the second officer pushed in, sliding right into my pussy with Daniels. The pleasure was intense. I thought I was gonna go blind from the intensity. They both wrecked my sopping gash with abandon, pulling my hair, smacking my ass, slapping my face, fingering my asshole with the tears streaming down my face, a result of the pleasure and pain of having two meaty rockets rip my pussy open.
"Cum inside me, daddy! Please!" I begged as they rocked me sideways.
"Fuuucck!" Daniels exclaimed. Both officer came in my pussy as I squirted around their cocks still filling my axe wound. I started to shake and moan as I came the hardest I'd ever came. They pulled out, tossing me to the side.
"All right, boys. Let's get out of here. Maybe after her asshole recovers we can try double dipping in there."
They laughed and high-fived as I shivered on the couch, lost in orgasmic bliss.