I hate this yearly conference.
My sleep schedule is ruined. I'm exhausted and distracted, and because of it, my work productivity is in shambles. I am behind on tasks and I have so much to get done today.
Lucky for me, I've got a couple hours reprieve in obligations and have some time to catch up.
Or, I'd have time to catch up if I weren't so damn horny.
Your name on the schedule and the brief glimpses of you are too much for me today. After three years of casual friendship, I can't stop the fantasies I've started to spin about you and seeing you every day of this conference is just too much for my sex-starved body to handle.
My mind wanders. My hands wander too and I lightly caress the insides of my thighs beneath my dress. I toy with my breasts through the thin fabric as I consider the proposal on my screen.
I try to focus on work, but I can only think of you.
I glance from my computer screen to my notes, my notes to the window. My gaze travels the room as my hands travel my body.
But a flash of movement across the way has me freezing in place, my breath caught in my throat. Your room is directly across the courtyard from mine, and you're pacing in front of your open window.
Your back's to me, phone pressed to your ear and hands combing through your hair. Your shoulders tense, posture exuding frustration I wish I could knead from you before draining it from your body along with your cum.
The thought melts my frozen disbelief and it becomes an inferno between breaths. I squeeze a nipple as I part my thighs reflexively.
You turn as if you've felt the heat of my gaze on you and the flicker of irritation dissolves into recognition and delight before you notice.
There is no hiding that I'm touching myself.
So I don't try.
I rise from my chair, work long forgotten as I cross the room. I pinch my nipples and I let my head fall back as my lips part to punctuate the soft moan that slips out. I gather my dress and meet your gaze, the question lingering there.
Can I take this off? Do you want to watch me?
Your nod is immediate and unabashed. Before it has stopped, my dress is a pool of fabric at my feet and I am in only my bra and panties. I am absently relieved to note they match.
I'm not sure you'd have given if a fuck if they didn't though, as your mouth falls open. You distractedly disconnect your call and swallow visibly. Your gaze is trained on the places I'm touching myself. Your attention is wholly mine now and I have every intention of giving you a show to ensure you are as distracted by the sight of me as I have been by thoughts of you all day.
I want your hands on me, but I'll settle for your eyes and your attention as you watch my hands on me instead. My smile is coy as I reach into my bra and bring my breasts out.
That mouth would feel so good against my tingling nipples, and when you lick your lips, I arch my back.
My body is on fire.
My thoughts, an inferno.
Need. The need in your eyes and its build t in my body.
Desire. For you to join me in this game and touch yourself.
Anticipation pools between my thighs. I need more, and I want to give you more.
I turn from the window and cross the room until I'm crawling across the bed. On my knees, I peek over my shoulder. Your hungry eyes are glued to me as you rub yourself through your slacks.
I grin, my hips swaying as I hook my thumbs into my panties and dance them down. The rush of cool air over my hot pussy has me biting my lip as I unhook my bra.
I want you to fuck me but I'm going to fuck myself for you instead.
Fully naked now, I lie back against the hotel bed and splay my thighs toward the open window and your ravenous gaze. The cool air on my bare pussy has me gasping.
You're watching me but I'm imagining it's your touch instead of my own as I caress my skin from tit to hip until...
With one hand, I pull my pussy open. The fingertips of the other drag over my soaking slit until one nail grazes my clit and that gasp becomes a moan.
A little bit of pressure and my thighs tremble, my needy sighs and the slick sounds of my fingers working my cunt fill the room.
I wish you could hear them all, especially as I slide two fingers inside. I'm hot and greedy, slick as sin.
More, harder, faster.
I want it all and I give it to myself.
You are openly playing with yourself now, your gaze a hot brand on my body as you watch me fuck myself. I pump into my pussy, one hand holding my pussy lips open so the heel of my palm comes down on my clit on every thrust of my fingers. My moans are a frenzied echo of my need, until I am approaching the edge of my orgasm.
I stop, realizing my eyes have fallen closed and I wrench them open to watch you as you match me. The wash of frustration and desire as you stop too, makes my pussy clench.
I rub my clit lightly, one hand coming up to squeeze my breast and roll my nipple.
Desperation pours through my, from my bucking hips to my tingling nipples, but I'm not ready for this show to end.
But as you arch your hips into your own touch and your mouth opens on a silent moan, I know I can't stop. A rush of heat floods my cunt, and my fingers once more plunge inside.
I tug my nipples and grind my hips, lost in the sensation of the building orgasm and the knowing of being watched.
Fuck.
Yes.
I need..
More, I need more.
I need you.
But I need to come more.
I am so close and when I meet your lusty gaze, you mouth one word.
"Come."
And so I do.
Hard. The world explodes into heat, sensation and utter ecstasy as I keep grinding into my own hand, crying out your name as my cunt grips my fingers. My orgasm goes on for a small etermity but I can feel your eyes on my still-pulsing pussy as I withdraw my fingers and bring them to my mouth. My gaze meets yours as I lick them clean.
Our eyes are still locked when my phone alarm goes off to alert me that it's time to prepare for my next call- one I'm fairly sure I recall seeing your name on too.
And you still haven't come.
I silence the alarm and that's when I see the notification.
A message from you.
"Encore tonight? Your room?"