Warning: This is the fourth chapter in a long, sometimes slow, edgy and very kinky incest tale. Each chapter builds on previous chapters. This story contains topics such as small breast fetish, female and male domination/submission, cuckoldry, spanking, voyeurism, exhibitionism, cross-dressing, feminization, panty fetish, sissification, embarrassment/humiliation, masturbation, father/daughter, mother/son, and bi-sexuality. It is not intended to be a "Quick Read", but rather a shocking and detailed look at the way two kinky people find each other, the way their relationship blossoms and the experiences they enjoy and endure.
++++++++++++++++++++++++
When we got out into the mall, Patty steered me toward one of the upscale department stores at the very end of the mall; one of the well known anchor stores. Making our way through the store, we stopped once or twice to look at some dresses and skirts she liked. I saw some thin, gauze-like shirts which would be perfect for Patty to show off her little breast treasures. They had one style that had a low cut neck, but the one I really liked was very form fitting and would almost cling to her body, making her breasts very easy to see and admire by anyone that chose to look. I made a mental note to come back and pick one up for her. She saw the gleam in my eye while I looked at them and I think she was impressed I was thinking of her.
When we passed the Juniors section, there was a rack of tartan skirts on display, some of them red and white, and some of them were blue and white, and they reminded me of school girl or private school uniform skirts. Pulling her over to the rack, I held one up and said "Imagine this about eight inches shorter."
"You Naughty Boy!" She said, turning to slap my arm. "That would be totally indecent to wear."
With a grin on my face, I replied, "You mean deliciously indecent?"
I made another mental note to pick up one or two of these, too. "We're here to buy panties, remember?" She scolded. Then, taking my hand in hers, she made a bee line directly to the lingerie department.
Their lingerie department was nothing short of huge, and it was filled with all kinds of soft, stretchy, lacy and very sexy items. As we entered, the very first thing we came upon was a display of the sheerest bra and panty sets I've ever seen. They were almost transparent. You could even see the nipples of the mannequins showing through. I thought about how Patty's little breasts would look showing through a bra like that and the image in my head was tantalizing.
I stopped in front of the display and looked at Patty. "I like that bra." I said. "I bet your nipples would look extra suckable through one of those."
"Paul," she replied, "In case you haven't noticed, I don't wear bras. I think I might have maybe two at home, but, I almost never wear one."
"But," I answered, "those are so charming. You can see right through them.... I mean, they're sexy and would look so good with those see through panties, and maybe one of those shirts we saw back there..... and one of those school girl skirts."
"I see where this is going." She replied. "Okay," she said, with a smirk on her face, "if you insist, but, for every bra I get, you have to get one, too."
Now, that stopped me cold. Even though I've worn my share of panties, the only time I've ever worn a bra was at the hands of my mother the days she dressed me up as my sister, Sissy. I hadn't told Patty that part of my story yet, but I knew if she wanted to hear the whole account of my Mom and me, it would probably come out. I didn't know if Patty's comment was a test, or if Patty had something else in mind.
Now, just as an aside, I know the implications when a man wears a bra. Panties are one thing, but a bra is a completely different matter. A man might wear panties as a substitute for his regular underwear for many reasons: opportunity, comfort, desire, curiosity, fantasy, excitement, punishment, tradition, or even by request. A man who wears panties can normally protect his secret because his trousers cover them and he can indulge himself without anyone knowing. Basically, a man can wear panties as much as he likes with no impact what so ever to his masculinity. There are historic accounts from ages past to support the fact that a percentage of men definitely wear female underpants. That is a known fact which is indisputable.
A bra on the other hand, is a strictly feminine garment. When a man wears a bra, he is subjugating his masculinity in favor of femininity. What I mean is; a man doesn't put on a bra simply by 'mistake', or without considering the implications. A bra is made for breasts, which are (in most cases) exclusive to the female. So when a man wears a bra, what he's saying is that he's potentially willing to set aside his masculinity temporarily, or in some cases, permanently. One of the first things an experienced dominant female will do to a male submissive is put him in a bra. That makes the male incredibly docile and open to suggestion. The second thing they do is make sure a third party actually sees the man wearing the bra. Once that happens, the man's masculinity has been neutered. True, when the man sheds the bra, his masculinity can return, but, as long as the bra remains on, that submissive male can be trained to think, act and react in ways which are not influenced by his masculinity -- and he'll do so quite willingly.
And, all of that is exactly what was going through my mind just after Patty said "for every bra I get, you have to get one, too." It's a lot to comprehend and process at one time and I must have spaced out while trying to sort through everything after she said it.
"Paul?" Patty said, breaking me out of my trance. "Have you worn a bra before?" She asked.
"Yeah," I answered reluctantly but truthfully, "when my Mom dressed me up."
"Oh, now I'm REALLY going to have to hear the rest of that story!" Patty whispered to me.
"Later." I replied. "I told you, it's a long, long story."
"Well, let's see," Patty mused, "I guess I'm looking for a 32A. Or, actually a 32AA would be better if I can find one, but these stores don't usually carry bras that small."
Looking through the bras to find her size, she turned to me and asked, "What size for you?"
Luckily, there wasn't anyone around us - I looked to make sure. A woman and her daughter were a few racks away, but I don't think they heard her ask me what size bra I would wear. I cringed at the thought of some woman overhearing Patty and I discussing my bra size.
"38." I said softly.
I watched as Patty sorted through the rack, pushing bras back and forth and digging into the back to find matching bras in our sizes. Finally, she found two bras, 32A and 38A, and two panties, an extra small for her and a medium for me. She picked white, but there was yellow and pink, too. I breathed a sign of relief when she didn't pick the pink.
We looked through every table, rack and display of that lingerie department together, and for each pair of panties we got for her, she picked out a matching pair for me, in my size. By the time we were done, we probably had a total of forty pairs of panties for the two of us. She'd picked out a rainbow of colors for us, including many different shades of pink.
She'd seen me flinch the first time she reached for pink, and I saw a little grin creep up on the corners of her mouth when she saw my reaction. "Listen," Patty whispered, "girls wear pink. I'm a girl. I like pink. It's not going to kill you."
Then she added, "Look at it this way.... you'll be so much better in tune with your feminine side wearing pink." After that, I think she made a deliberate decision to choose pink panties when she able to find matching styles and the right sizes.
"It'll be fine," Patty assured me, patting my chest lightly, "no one's going to see them besides me, anyway. Except maybe your Mom," Patty added as she smiled up to me, "and that would be perfectly fine with me."
If I didn't already figure out Patty was very interested in my Mom and I, I think I knew for sure now. She'd said she wanted to hear the rest of my story, and wanted to know the details of what we did, and now she was telling me she'd be okay with my Mom seeing me in my pink panties. I stopped for a second to consider how she was going to react when I told her the whole story about my Mom.
As we walked to the cashier counter, the lady behind the counter looked up to greet us. Laying the merchandise out on the counter, the saleslady began to sort through the bundle of softies and looked at Patty.
"Some of these are different sizes, Miss." She said. "The bras, and the panties, both."
Patty turned to me, and just as casually as you can image asked, "38A and Mediums for you, isn't that right, Paul?"
I wanted to crawl into a hole right then. She even called me by name. But, Patty reached down to grasp my hand and she squeezed it as she asked. I could feel my face turn red and the saleslady, seeing my obvious mortification, immediately turned her attention back to the pile of lingerie on the counter in front of her.
"I'm sorry," the saleslady said softly as she looked up at me, "I shouldn't have said anything."
"It's okay," Patty replied, leaning over to whisper to her, "I guess you don't get many male customers in here buying women's panties and bras for themselves."
Patty was laying it on pretty thick. She didn't even lower her voice and I saw a woman customer snicker when she obviously overheard what Patty said. She held my hand tightly , too -- keeping me right next to her so I wouldn't try to sneak away.
"Honestly," the saleslady answered quite softly, "we do get couples from time to time..... uh, like you, buying different sizes. And we get some men shopping for their wives and girlfriends..... they say." The woman busied herself with the tags and laying everything out so she could ring them up.
"I don't see what the big deal is," the woman continued, leaning over and speaking softly to Patty, "if I was a man, I'd prefer to wear these, too."
"See?" Patty said, turning to look at me, and clutching my hand even tighter. Then, turning back to the saleslady, Patty asked, "If Paul wanted to shop by himself sometime for his own panties, could he come here and ask for you?"
"Oh, please!" I prayed silently in desperation. "Let's just get the hell out of here."
"Of course." The saleslady replied, and picking up her business card from the counter, she handed it directly to me and told me I could stop by anytime and she'd be honored to help me.
I stood there, red faced and about to start to sweat as she finished ringing up our purchase and putting our combined lingerie in the bags. While we stood there, Patty snuggled up to me and covertly reached down to press her hand against my crotch. I didn't realize how hard I was, but, feeling the steel rod in my pants, Patty looked up at me with a knowing smile. Between the embarrassment, the humiliation and the excitement, my cock was throbbing inside the ruffled bridal panties I was wearing. And I could tell Patty's was thoroughly enjoying my discomfort.
When the saleslady finished our purchase, Patty said "Thank You" and we walked away, hand in hand.
"Damn!" I whispered to her, when we turned out of the lingerie department. "I've never been so embarrassed in my life."
"Oh, and you're acting like you didn't enjoy all that?" Patty replied as we walked. "Your cock sure seemed to enjoy it. Besides," she went on, "that woman doesn't know you - and now you'll be able to come in here alone and buy things for the both of us."
"Well, I do try to keep my panty wearing a secret, Patty." I said. "Hardly no one knows and I'd like to keep it that way."
"Really?" Patty replied. "No one knows? Let's see..... well, your Mom knows, and your sister probably knows, and some of your ex-girlfriends know.... and I know, and that woman knows. And, you're still alive and no one has put out a 'Wanted' poster for you, have they? I guess maybe it's not such a horrible thing if someone knows, huh?"
"Well, Miss Smarty Pants," I broke in, "my secretary doesn't know, and the people that work for me don't know, and your father surely doesn't know."
"I don't know about your secretary or the people at your work," Patty answered, "but, I guarantee Daddy wouldn't care. You know, Paul," she added, "personally, I love the idea of my guy wearing panties. If it was up to me, I'd want you to wear them all the time."
"Somehow, I'm finding that hard to believe." I replied.
"Well, just to prove I'm telling the truth, would you let me come over to your house first thing tomorrow morning and throw out all the male stuff in your underwear drawer and replace it with all the cute things we're buying today?" Patty asked.
Memories of my Mom putting my sister's lingerie in my drawer at home flooded my brain, and I was impressed with Patty's keen sense of understanding and awareness. I started to visualize Patty doing that, just as my mother did years ago. The vision was potent and I couldn't deny the fact that I liked it the idea.
We playfully taunted each other back and forth as to what she might put in my drawers for me, and how she would arrange it all -- by style or by color. As we walked, I asked her if she was serious about wanting to come over tomorrow morning to throw all my underwear out.
"Hell, yes!" She answered. "Every damn bit of it. Every boxer and brief you have would go straight in the trash. Well, maybe you can keep one pair for when you go to the doctor."
" Oh!" Patty added, "And you can keep anything special you got from your Mom. One thing, though," she said with a serious tone in her voice, "when you get home tonight, you better get rid of anything you ever got from any other girl before I get there, because I'll be pissed as hell if I ever find any of that stuff."
"Okay," I replied, "that works for me."
Before long, we came to another store that sold lingerie. She looked at me and said "Are we going in, or should we call it a day?"
"Damn straight we're going in!" I said, strongly.
Patty informed me she was keeping her mouth shut this time and I was doing all the talking. Then, before I could protest, she pulled me in and took me right to the lingerie section. Before long, a salesgirl -- probably about Patty's age, came up and asked if she could help us.
"Yes." I answered quickly, trying to show Patty I could handle this smoothly. "We're looking for underwear.... something comfortable, but still... you know... sexy."
"Okay," the girl replied, "what size are you?" She asked, looking at Patty.
Patty didn't say a thing. I spoke up right away, acting cool and confident, saying, "Extra Small for her and Medium for me." Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Patty smile.
The girl didn't seem to flinch at all. "Let me show you these first." She said, pointing to a rack several feet away. Patty and I followed behind her until she stopped at a rack that had some very nice panties in many colors.
"You'll like these," she said to me, "they don't have a lot of scratchy lace." Then pointing out the style she added, "They have full coverage in the back, and a good waistband to keep them tight on you.... uh, around your front."
Looking around quickly to make sure we weren't too close to anyone else, the salesgirl leaned a bit closer to Patty and I and then said, "These are the ones I get for my boyfriend," she added matter of factly, "it's all he wears now. Except the pink ones. He still won't wear anything pink. Yet." She added, slightly amused.
Stunned at the salesgirl's willingness to be so open with us, I looked at Patty to see her standing there with a smug look on her face. I picked up a pair of the panties and looked at them. The girl told me the fabric was the newest kind; it was made to 'breathe'. She also pointed out the integrated crotch panel saying they were easy to care for and was sure I would find them comfortable, especially, as she put it, "because regular panties aren't really cut for a guy," and adding, "I'm sure you'll find these much better than other panties you've tried. They'll keep you, you know.... inside."
Breaking her silence, Patty asked, "I'm just curious..... do you sell a lot of panties to men? I mean, for themselves?"
"I certainly try to." The salesgirl answered. "Whenever I see a man with a woman, or male customer by himself, I always watch for the signs he might be shopping for himself. Believe me, some men are so relieved when the find out they don't have to pretend anymore and they buy a lot!"
"That's actually pretty interesting to hear." Patty replied. Then she added, "Paul, I think we should get one of every color for both of us. If they are as great as she says, then we'll know what kind to buy in the future."
In all the previous times I've shopped for panties, I, too, always had to pretend they were for someone else. This was the first time I'd volunteered the fact that they were for me. In a way, I felt proud to be overcoming my anxiety. This girl didn't look at me weird and she obviously knew her merchandise. For once, I was being completely honest and everything was going fine.
The girl helped us find the right size in each of the colors, even helping us decide on the style: bikini, hipster, tanga, boyshorts, etc. She warned that the bikini cut wasn't necessarily the best style for a man, but added that her boyfriend had a few pairs of bikinis and she liked the way they looked on him. She took us over to another display which had some different bikini panties which she said fit her boyfriend much better because the elastic waist band was better. The way she said it, I got a vision of some guy wearing bikini panties with a hard-on trying to poke its head out. So, what she said made good sense to me.
We ended up spending forty five minutes with the salesgirl picking out panties and when we were done, we had two armfuls. Just when we thought we were done, the girl bent over and whispered for a few seconds into Patty's ear. Patty looked at me and then whispered something back to her.
The salesgirl stepped next to me and said, "Let me show you something over here we just got in the first of last week." We followed her around the next two aisles and came to an end cap display with some bras hanging up.
"We just started carrying these, and I don't know if you're interested in them but..... uh." The salesgirl looked at Patty and in turn, Patty nodded her head to the girl. "Well, the salesgirl continued, "my boyfriend has always had a hang up about wearing a bra but I knew the thought of it really interests him..... you know.... a lot.. When I saw these, I bought one for him and he liked it so much I bought six more two days later, so, he has one for each day of the week. Kind of like those 'Days-of-the-Week' panties."
I'd never seen bras like these. They looked like short, lightweight cut off tank tops. The material felt and looked exactly like the nylon nightgowns and Baby Dolls Mom and Sissy used to have long ago. There were no wires or clasps, and there were no cups. It was a little stretchy and looked like one piece of material that made up the whole thing. Even the thin lace piping on the shoulder straps looked like it would have perfectly matched Sissy's Baby Dolls. Maybe these were tops to pajamas or something.
"My boyfriend has been wearing them under his shirt to work and you can't even tell he's got a bra on." She said as I stared at the rack. After a minute, Patty moved over next to me and gently nudged me closer to the rack. "Would you like to try one on?" The girl asked very quietly.
I looked at Patty and she nodded her head up and down slightly. I felt my throat go dry and I nodded my head, too. "About what size?" The girl asked.
"38" I said softly.
"Oh," the girl said quickly, "these come in Small, Medium, Large.... like that."
"Probably a Medium, then." Patty offered. "A white one."
"Let's take a Medium and a Large," the girl replied, "just to make sure."
"So..... uh, how are we going to do this?" I asked.
"We sell men's clothes here, too." She said, flicking her wrist toward the other side of the store. "I'll just take you over there. I work the suit department two days a week. I could just say I was measuring you for a suit, or something."
Patty raised her eyebrows at me as we followed the salesgirl to the other side of the store. She stopped by the cash register counter and picked up a measuring tape and a few steps later, we were walking right toward the changing rooms. She looked back over her shoulder and said, "Just to make sure, we should measure you first."
"That's a good idea." Patty answered, looking at me to see if I agreed.
I figured it was just a measuring tape and we're only talking about my chest..... no big deal. When we got to the changing room, the salesgirl went in first and I followed. Patty came behind me, and when she came in, she pulled the door closed. "We have to measure across your chest.... under your arms," she began, "uhm.... and, uh.... across your nipple line."
"Paul, honey," Patty said, "take your shirt off so we can get to your nipple line."
Once my shirt was off, the salesgirl had the tape measure around me and Patty helped straighten the tape over my nipples. Jokingly, Patty pinched one of my nipples and the girls started to giggle. "Oh, look! His nips are getting hard!" Patty observed.
"Hey!" I replied. "Those are MY nipples you're pinching."
"Look," Patty pointed out, "there both hard now."
"My boyfriend's nipples get so hard sometimes," the salesgirl chimed in, "they're like little pebbles."
The girls were giggling again. I don't know who was having more fun, Patty or the salesgirl, or me with my nipples getting all the attention. After the laughter died down the salesgirl looked at the tape and said "37. I think you're right," then looking at Patty she continued, "that's a Medium."
Patty held out the white bra and giggled. "Here you go."
The salesgirl took a step back and said, "Maybe I should step out while you..."
"No," I interrupted her, "don't worry about it. You should stay. I'll put it on real quick and we can see if it's the right size."
Patty looked at me and nodded, giving her unspoken acknowledgement that she admired my new found courage. The salesgirl, though, didn't look so sure. "There's no clasp in the back for that bra," she replied, "the best way to put that one on is to step into it, and pull it up your body, and then hook your arms into the straps."
"Oh," I answered, "no problem."
I started to bend down, and when I lifted my foot it became obvious to me that the bra wasn't going to go on over my shoes and jeans. I stopped and looked up to Patty standing next to me and she was shaking her head. "You're probably going to have to take your jeans off." Patty said.
There was a hush of quiet that came over us. "Oh, Damn." I thought.
I knew the door was closed. And, the salesgirl said she works in the men's department twice a week and measures men all the time. She'd told us herself her boyfriend wears panties and bras. But, still, I wasn't sure I was ready to be seen by a virtual stranger in the ruffled bridal panties I was wearing. On the other hand, though, this was a hell of an opportunity to try out my exhibitionist wings and make a pretty strong statement to Patty that I wasn't so sensitive about being a panty wearer.
"I better just step out." The salesgirl decided.
"No." I stopped her. "I don't mind and you probably do this all the time, so just stay."
Patty's face went stone cold lifeless. "Paul," she replied, "I can just wait right outside the door with her and you can tell us when you get it on and...."
"No." I said, quickly. "It's like you said - I'm totally fine with it as long as you are. I don't want to act like a pussy about it. Not anymore, anyways."
"Paul, are you sure?" Patty asked. "I mean really sure about this?"
I didn't even take a moment to look at Patty or answer her. I kicked off one shoe and then the other one. My shirt was already off, so without another second of delay I unbuttoned my pants, pulled the zipper down and pushed my jeans down before anyone could say another word. As I did all this, I thanked my lucky stars that I didn't have a hard-on. Although, it did cross my mind that this would be an excellent time to have a nice bulge in the front of my panties -- just for the girl's benefit.
The changing room had mirrors on three sides and when I bent down to pick up my jeans, I happened to glance in the mirror in front of me and I could see the reflection of my bridal panties stretched across my butt. The ruffles caught my eye and apparently Patty's eyes, and the salesgirl's, too.
When I stood up, my first inclination was to cover myself, but I fought back the urge to do that. Both Patty and the salesgirl were looking at me standing there in just my panties and when I saw them looking, I put my hands on my hips and cautiously let them look.
"Oh, Paul." I heard Patty gasp. "Those are so perfect for you." Patty told me as she stepped close and laid her hand on the back of my butt, fluffing up the ruffles.
"They're new," I said to the salesgirl, "this is her first time seeing them on me."
The salesgirl was watching Patty stroke the ruffles on my butt and once I said something to her, her eyes went right to my crotch. I looked at myself in the mirror and I was happy with what I saw -- my cock and balls completely filled the crotch of the panties in the most magnificent way. I wasn't falling out anywhere and the outline of my penis could be seen through the silk.
"Are they real silk?" The salesgirl asked.
"Yes," Patty answered, "I bought them at the bridal store here in the mall."
"Want to hand me that bra now so I can try it on?" I asked Patty. The salesgirl, who was gawking at me standing there in my new ruffled panties, just kept looking as I reached out to get the bra from Patty.
Almost in a coma, Patty handed me the bra and I held it down by my feet and stepped into it. I pulled it up my legs without any problem. When I got the bra to my waist, I had to let go of the straps so I could get a better grasp on it, which left the bra sitting right at the waistband of my panties. Both girls' eyes went right to that spot and I felt my cock react.
"What now?" I asked.
Patty stepped up to me and looking at the bra, she answered, "Just hold your arms down and I'll pull it up. You stick your arms through and then we'll pull it up the rest of the way." I did as Patty suggested and she pulled it up my chest. As she did, I felt it get snug, but it wasn't tight.
When the bra was up on me, the salesgirl reached up to straighten the shoulder straps on both sides. Patty adjusted the way it sat across my chest, and once she was satisfied, Patty gently placed both her hands on my man-breasts and lightly scratched my nipples through the material. Instantly, my nipples jumped to attention and just like the salesgirl's description of her boyfriend, they looked like little pebbles poking out.
"Look." Patty urged, turning me toward the mirror. What I saw was beyond words. The color and the material of the bra looked very similar to the panties Patty bought me, almost to the point where they could be a set. Both were shiny and thin - thin enough to show everything underneath.
In the reflection, I could see Patty on one side and the salesgirl on the other side of me, both of them running their eyes up and down my body. Believe it or not, there wasn't one ounce of embarrassment in me, and I could see in their eyes they were in complete amazement of the way I looked -- and I was digging it -- really digging it.
I didn't wait for either of them to say anything. "I like it," I said, clearly, "can I just keep it on and wear it under my shirt?"
Almost in unison, both girls said "Yes."
The salesgirl's eyes were still looking me over and I felt myself getting hard. My package was swelling, becoming larger, and I could see the silk panties would be giving way to a hard-on soon.
I turned to Patty. "I'm going to need my pants soon," I said, "I think....... I'm starting to get...."
The salesgirl immediately snapped out of it, saying "Of course." She reached down to pick up my jeans and handed them to me. Still facing the mirror, and in direct view of both girls, I reached down to move my thickening cock so it was lying sideways inside my panties, about half hard. Then I stepped into my jeans and pulled them up and stepped into my shoes. I left my jeans unzipped and hanging completely open as I looked back into mirror and ran my hands over the bra. Patty's eyes followed my hands, but the salesgirl's eyes were still on my crotch.
I couldn't resist the urge to have a little fun with the salesgirl, so I flexed my cock and when I did, it visibly pressed out against my panties causing them to noticeably tent in front of her. I heard her gasp and then she quickly apologized, saying "I'm sorry..... I just.... uh... I'll wait for you out there." She pointed to the door and immediately walked straight out.
Patty reached her hand down into my jeans and took hold of the growing cock inside my panties. "Well, I guess you do have a bit of a budding exhibitionist in you, after all." Patty whispered to me. Then she quietly giggled, looked at me, and held her finger up and said much louder -- loud enough for the salesgirl to hear if she was standing outside the door, "Look how hard you're getting."
And Patty was right. I was getting hard and I was loving it.
Patty quietly handed me my shirt and I put it on. Sure enough, just like the salesgirl said, there was absolutely no indication I was wearing a bra. The thing was so thin and light, I couldn't even see any strap lines -- there wasn't a trace anywhere. I'd found a way to break the bra rule -- a way to have the bra and protect my masculinity.
"I love the way it looks and feels, Paul," Patty openly offered, "we've got to get some more of these."
I agreed with her and once we gathered up our things, we opened the door and saw the salesgirl waiting for us several feet away. As soon as we stepped out of the changing room, the girl immediately stepped up to us and began apologizing for what she thought was her unprofessional behavior in the changing room.
"Stop," I said, holding my hand up, "I was the one that asked you to stay, remember."
Then I continued, "I really like the bra and appreciate your suggestion of it. We want to get a few more and then I think we're ready to pay."
The salesgirl took Patty and I back to the display rack and together, Patty and the girl selected several more bras for me. Patty explained that we wanted to get matched 'outfits' for the both of us, but unfortunately, they didn't have any Extra Smalls for Patty. The salesgirl suggested we come back next week, saying she'd watch for some and set them aside for her.
When we got to the counter, the salesgirl gave us a card good for free lingerie the next time we came in, and gave us a discount because we bought so much. When Patty and I got out of the store, Patty said, "Paul, I'm very impressed! You were amazing in there.... courageous and brave. You handled all that with confidence and strength. I'm so proud of you!"
I was happy. Patty's praise was beautiful and I was especially happy to hear it because I, too, felt I was strong and confident.
Standing there, we both realized we'd bought enough now, and we had two more bags filled with panties and bras. Looking at my watch, I noticed it was starting to get late and thinking about dinner, I suggested we head for the car and see if we could find someplace to eat.
"Listen," Patty said, "I need to swing by one more store. Come on."
Patty took my hand and we walked half way through the mall until we got to a children's store. "Hey," she said, "you wait here and hold our stuff and I'll be right back." Then she turned and walked into the store.
I sat down on a bench outside the store to wait, and when she came out, she was carrying a bag. She sat down on the bench next to me and we talked about where we should go for dinner. During the conversation, I curiously picked up the bag from the children's store and looked inside.
Patty tried to grab the bag from me saying, "Hey, that's mine! Don't look in there." But I held it out away from her and looked inside, anyway. Wondering what she'd bought at a children's store, I pulled some of the items out and looked at them. There were some packages of little girl's cotton panties -- all different colors with cute characters on them, and several 'Bralettes' of different colors.
"What's a bralette?" I asked.
Patty was completely silent and she wouldn't look at me. At first, I though she was simply acting like she was pouting, but, after a second I realized she wasn't acting.
Patty finally answered me, saying, "It's what little girls wear before they wear a real bra."
"Who are these for?" I asked.
Patty looked at me for a second, and then she looked down, as if she had been scolded. She took a deep breath and said, "For me."
"Well, we just bought you a bunch of panties and a bra too -- and you told me you didn't ever wear bras. But, you wear little girl panties and bras?" I asked.
"Yes," Patty answered, "Sometimes I do."
" You do?" I asked.
She turned her head to me and I could see tears welling up in her eyes again. "Please don't make me explain this right now, okay?"
"Oh, damn, Patty," I said, "listen, I didn't mean anything by looking in your bag. I was just joking around.... you know, like you were in that first store with the saleslady and the panties. Did I hurt your feelings?"
"Paul, it was going to be a surprise for you." Patty explained. "I thought we could play dress up, and.... I also got some Baby Dolls for us."
I looked down in the bag and there were several girl's nylon Baby Doll sets, and two packages of different color rumba panties. Now it was my turn to feel bad; I could have almost strangled myself. I'm sure she came up with this idea after hearing the part of my story where my Mom was going to dress me up as Sissy, and she was just trying to recreate that with me.
"That's so sweet," I replied, "you were going to surprise me and dress us up together? Like my Mom did?" She nodded her head up and down and wiped a lone tear away from her cheek with her hand.
"We still can," I said, "and you can still surprise me. I promise I won't ever snoop again and you can surprise me when I'm not expecting it. Is that alright?"
"And you promise you'll play along and do whatever I say?" She asked.
"Absolutely. You have my word on that." I answered.
Patty seemed satisfied, but I was still upset with myself for being so thoughtless. As she started to gather up all our bags, she pulled me around so I was facing her and said, "Since you were bad, though, you're going to have to have a spanking -- just like a bad little girl."
I grinned and she grinned back. "Sure," I said, "I probably have it coming after being a snoop. I'm surprised you haven't already turned me over your knee and spanked my butt right here."
"We'll take care of that when we have our little dress up party," Patty replied, "you can count on that, you Naughty Boy."
I felt like I made some points back because Patty grasped my hand and interlaced her fingers into mine and we walked through the mall toward the exit close to where we parked. On the way, we passed another kid's store where they had a window display of girl's party dresses. Patty pulled me to a halt in front of the store window and whispered to me, "You'd look so cute in one of those, don't you think? Especially with it pulled up over your butt getting your spanking."
The party dress she was referring to was a far cry from the way Mom dressed me that day in her room, but Patty didn't know that. Mom had picked out some of Sissy's clothes she knew would fit me, and I looked more like a teenaged slut than a little girl. But, Patty studied the dresses on display with an intensity that told me she was cooking something up in her head, and I couldn't deny the fact that it was causing me to get excited again. I made a silent pledge to myself not to do anything to derail whatever plans she might make for her dress up party, and when or if it happens, I was going to let her have her fun.
Shortly, we arrived at the car and put all the bags in the trunk. I opened the car door for her, but before she got in, she put her arms around my waist and hugged me. "I've had such a good time with you today, Paul." Patty sighed.
Her eyes were searching my face for a reaction, and the way she looked at me almost stopped my heart. I wanted to say something meaningful to her, to let her know I felt the same, but before I could say something, she added, "And I forgive you for being bad and ruining my surprise, but, you're still going to be punished."
"The way I'm feeling about you right now, you could do almost anything you wanted to me and I'd love it," I replied, "dress me up, spank me.... whatever. I can't think of anything I wouldn't do for you, Patty."
We stood together, just hugging -- standing right there by the side of the car. People driving up and down the parking lot looking for a place to park looked at us as they drove by, but we didn't care. The feeling that came over me was one of satisfaction and completeness. It was a feeling I'd longed for my entire life.
Continued in the next chapter.