Vega's beauty parlor was closed already when the young man knocked on the front door. The girl working the front desk went to open the front door so she could explain to him why they closed more than an hour early that day.
"I'm sorry, but our ac broke down an hour or so ago, and with this heat wave going on its unbearable in here."
The young man stood there for a moment gathering his thoughts. The girl working the front desk took that bit of time to observe the young man closer. She noticed how tight his shirt fit around his shoulders. Which reminded her of what she did the night before. Amy by the way, is the girl's name and she had recently started a new relationship. And the young man that had courted her so well was endowed with a nice set of shoulders as well. And she just had a flashback of seeing him hovering above her while in full penetration. He made her feel so good. And while he was fully engaged in stirring up all these sensations in her she was transfixed on his shoulders and her hands could not help but touch them at all times. But no mater how well endowed he was in all expects, she still wore him out in the end. But it was the first time she had ever been with a man who was able to keep up with her for a good amount of time. So she was in love.
But it did not prevent her from checking this young man out. Even though he looked like he was only barely in his twenties while she on the other hand was getting closer to her thirties, hitting her prime.
She liked him. He felt soft no mater how well cut his body was.
And when he looked down for a split second to see if he could gather his thoughts this way, it was his shoulder length hair that caught her eye. Dirty blond is what that hair color is called, but it looked quite clean to her.
He looked back up and quickly stroked his hair back behind his ears before he made his plea. "I lost a bet last night and I need to make good for it by tonight. I worked all day and only just got out and raced over here as fast as I can to take care of it. And there is no other place in town I can go."
Amy was intrigued. And she enjoyed looking into those pleading big eyes. They were almost emerald green. It send a shiver down her spine. She felt this boy must have some magic in him.
And if she could help him or not didn't mater. For now all she wanted to hear was the full story and she wanted all the juicy details. The kinky side in her was already going down the list of all the possible things he had to come down here for.
At this point it could have been appropriate to bring him inside, but she did not feel like letting go of control of this intriguing young man just yet. Because she did not like the idea of the other girls interfering with her affairs on this one.
Before she asked him for more details she smiled at him with such radiance that all the wilted flowers in the front yard forgot all about the scorching heat wave and all perked right back up.
There was no way this young man was not going to trust her right now. If anything he would want to poor his heart out to her to make a good impression. Or any impression really. Just to be noticed. So she asked him, "If we could help you. What is it you need?"
He looked away for a second feeling shy and self-conscious. He looked back up and expressed his needs, "Eeehhh, I lost some stupid bet." He looked away again before he continued now mumbling, "And now I kinda need to get a brazilian."
"And I assume we mean you kinda need that for down there?" she asked. While she brought her eyes down to his crotch. With her eyes glued to said area she could not help but visualize him naked and hairless. A fond sight it was to her visual eye. So pleasant and wonderful that she could not help but have a slight smile come to the surface of her skin.
"Unfortunately, yes." He said, but that was not enough information for Amy, she needed to know more. "And if you don't mind me asking. What was the bet about?"
The young man looked down at his shoes again before he responded. "It was a dumb bet that I thought I could never loose so I said the thing that I would never want to happen to me. But I was tricked. We were at this bar last night and my friend said he was going to talk this really hot girl out of her panties. And I knew he had no game so I knew he'd never be able to get away with that. But it turned out the hot girl was his cousin and she was the type of girl who is always in for a joke. So she had no problem going back to the restrooms with my friend and hand him her undies."
When Amy was done laughing she apologized and said, "Let me see what I can do for you. And please come in?"
Amy asked him to wait at the front desk while she went in the way back of the building to inquire for him. This time the young man had the chance to check her out. And he especially liked the part where she walked away, her booty moved up and down so harmoniously like if heaven had found a new home. Right there on her butt cheeks. And hers only.
She was short and came with some hella sweet curves. The fact that she was wearing tights made this very clear. And the fact that it came in a camouflage print did not mean there was actually any disguising going on. Everything was right there, in full glory. Legs so sweet and up holding that it seemed like her booty was a trophy cup, which it was. He had felt intimidated by her when she had been standing in front of him, but now that there was some distance between them he felt more courageous and was able to recognize his feelings again. And right now his feelings were telling him that he should totally get it on with her, not that it was going to ever happen. She would never have him. And even if she was interested he would never be able to make anything happen.
So when she came back out, his eyes shot back all over her body, this time focussed on her chest. They were for sure outstanding, they looked like small D's. Just the perfect combination for the rest of her body.
But the young man's eyes were quickly distracted because from the corner of his eyes it looked like Salma Hayek was walking behind her. At second glance it turned out not to be the case, but it was close. This Salma version might have been a couple years older. She looked like she might be well in her 40's. But well preserved 40's. His thought was that she did lots of Bikram yoga, cause she was really hot. His thoughts quickly went to seeing her sweaty body pressing down on her yoga mat right before she was about to press up for downward dog. Oh, how he wished he was that yoga mat right now.
But back in the world of reality Amy asked him what his name was, "Bobby", he said. He already knew what her name was because she was wearing a name tag attached to that purple tight t-shirt of hers. And it seamed like it was pierced right through to her skin. In which case it would be a nipple piercing because if you gauged it well with the indent that her nipple on the other boob made you'd be dead on. And if that happened to be the case you could perhaps innocently reach out for the name tag and adjust it so that it looked less crooked. And at the same time you would send all kinds of pangs of excitement trough out her whole body. Again that is not something he would ever do, but he definitely enjoyed thinking about those things. Both often and frequently.
"Well Bobby," Amy brought his attention back from fantasy land, "This is the owner, Louisa de Vega." They shook hands and immediately Amy was disappointed that she had yet to feel his skin upon her skin. Even if it was as simple as shaking hands. It made her hang around even though her part of the interaction was done. Really it would have been best if she started to clean up behind the front desk. But she felt the need to stick around in the small chance she could touch him, even for just a brief moment.
Louisa explained the situation of the broken ac. to Bobby one more time. And also explained to him that the rooms in the back were even hotter then this one, because that room faced late afternoon sun.
He said, "I don't mind. Doing this is bad, but if I don't do it the consequences of this bet will only become far worse. Trust me."
Louisa responded with a little chuckle, "It looks like someone got himself in a pickle. But if you don't mind paying 50 bucks I can take care of things in no time. With this heat the wax is probably at the right temperature anyway." He nodded his head, "yes", so Louisa said why don't you pay Amy now so she can go home and cool her self down. And follow me to the back room when you are done.
Amy tried to reach out to him in hopes of feeling his skin, but just as she reached out Louisa ended up turning that way to head back to the back of the building. Now all Amy could do was go behind the desk and take care of things from this platonic level of communication. Something that had never been part of her repertoire in life.
Before Louisa disappeared she said one more thing to Amy. "Just lock up after you and the girls leave, ok? And I'll let you know if I can get the ac fixed by tomorrow, other wise we'll just take the day off."
Amy turned to Bobby and repeated what the cost of a brazilian was, and reached out to him quickly in hope of touching his skin while receiving the money. But alas, unfortunately for her he was already setting the exact amount of money needed on the counter. All she could do now was put her hand on top off the money that was now on the counter and look him deep in the eye while saying, "Thank you!" After all he touched the money only a moment ago, this was the closest to direct contact to him she would ever get.
He on the other hand felt all this intensity coming from her, but he was too inexperienced to recognize what it was. And even if he recognized it he wouldn't be able to handle it. When a woman is this strong in her sexuality she has to be careful with whom she shares it. Giants have been crushed by the shear force of an experience where the feminine is fully channeled. And he knew this, though subconsciously, so he pretty much ran.
As she watched him leave she noticed his slacks. Well at first she didn't notice the slacks as much, but after that, probably just when he turned around the corner out of sight. She started to think about them a lot more. What kind of job would he have to wear nice pants like that. He was too young to have any type of serious job. Maybe he was a valet in some expensive hotel or some luxurious apartment complex, not that this town had any of that. But Amy did not mind that the facts did not line up with her fantasy. And she already fantasized how she would touch him every time she came ... and went from her penthouse in this building where he worked. She would simply reach for his hand every time he would open the door for her. Or his shoulder. Or even his cheek. Till one day he wouldn't be able to take all this teasing any more. She would come home after a long day. Looking like a super hot and well to do lady. And she would call him by yet some other sweet nickname, like ... maybe she would call him Romeo. She would maybe even say, "Hi sweet Romeo, when will you play your Juliet some sweet love songs under her window." Which made reference to her so often looking out from her window down towards where he was helping people in and out of their cars. And he would sometimes catch her looking down at him, and they would wave. Sometimes she would be wearing hardly anything at all, and she wouldn't mind him seeing her like that at all. In fact it would turn her on so much.
So this time it had gotten too much for him and he slammed the elevator door shut real hard behind her. And while the elevator was going up Amy would turn around and say, "My sweet Romeo what's the mater? Is there anything I can do for you? Anything, just ask?"
Well he never asked he just launched at her body and started to undress her and cover her body with kisses. Something she had always wanted him to do, but now she wasn't sure she was so happy about this. What if anybody came bye and interrupted their love making session.
And sure enough that's exactly what happened.
But the interruption happened, but it did not happen at her fantasy penthouse but back at the beauty parlor side of the story. It was now 5 o'clock and the 2 massage sessions that had been going on in the other rooms came to an ending. Customers needed to pay their dues so they could leave.
After the customers left, Amy who had lost her train off thought, but who's body hadn't, was still in heat. She went onto Facebook and started to look at pictures of her new sweetheart. She knew there was a couple in there that were taken of him at swimming holes, some that really showed off his body well. These were taken before she ever met him. In fact they were taken by his ex. Which for some reason turned her on even more. She squeezed her legs even closer and she was super aware of her whole body, especially her skin. The heat had turned her brain off almost completely and her hand had found its way down to her crotch all by its self. Something she had not even noticed till it was pointed out by the first massage therapist to come out of one of the rooms.
The therapist said, "Amy! I can see what you are thinking about, sex. You even have your hand between your legs."
This new notion pointed out to Amy did not slow things down for her one bit. If anything it sped it up with a zing throughout her whole body when she became aware of her hand's action. The hand did not move away from the area, but it did move and it did knead and press this most sensitive skin.
The other therapist hurried out of her room in no time after hearing the subject matter addressed, and all she said was, "Amy what are you up to, you naughty girl." In a playful way. She came to look over Amy's shoulder to look at her computer screen. "Who is the stud?"
"That's my new lover." Amy explained.
"He's so cute! Show me more." Now all 3 girls were standing at the desk looking at the yumminess of his body.
In the meanwhile in the other room where temperatures were rising to about a hundred degrees Bobby was laying on the table naked. Louisa was approaching the table with the wax, everything was going fine. But just when she was about to slap it on thick Bobby was starting to stir in the area that needed to get worked on. And not just that he was even starting to get a little hard.
He apologized for this embarrassment quickly by saying, "I'm sorry. I think that's only happening because I'm nervous."
Louisa knew why he said that, but deep down there was a sense of disappointment for the fact that he was not excited for her. And though the fact that Louisa had sworn off men and had stuck to this choice for the last 4 and a half years. And that she wasn't going to break this vow for anybody. And especially not for some little kid who was half her age. Still, despite all that, she wanted to be desired. She wanted to be reaffirmed that she still had it. But too bad, not today. Why would a college kid be interested in her in the first place.
She tried to comfort him and explained in a very professional and disengaged way that it actually works out better if the skin is stretched this way. But she was only going through the motion. Louisa was too busy reflecting on her life and the sad state of affairs it was. Sure, her kids were great. She loved her work. Her business was doing well and everything. But her heart was empty all she did was give. And all she knew was 'give' as well. Receiving was as foreign to her as was Mongolia.
Perhaps because of this emotion underlining the procedures she was a little rougher on him then she normally would have. And when she pulled the wax off rather abruptly and without any warning the boy jolted up and screamed hard and curled up into a ball. Louisa ended up kinda holding him through this. Not out of choice but out of a reflex. When the boy bolted up she felt so sorry for him and her motherly instincts blossomed up, causing her arms to open up. And he just kinda felt onto her chest while he still laid on the table. She couldn't let go of him now, and he was also still moaning from the pain so she just held him while he breathed ever so deeply.
Back by the front desk the 3 girls were no longer wasting their time on facebook. The new boyfriend pictures had reminded Amy of the fact that he had a little Ryan Gossling in him. And now all 3 girls were enjoying themselves looking at pictures of good old Ryan. And they made sure to click on all the pictures that had him without a shirt on. This fun was only interrupted momentarily when Bobby screamed in the back room.
"What was that?" both massage therapists wanted to know.
Amy had no problem filling them in on what was going on, "That's Bobby. He is some super cute 20 year old who lost a bet. And he is now getting his junk waxed by miss Louisa de vega herself. Though I wish it was me. I'd tread him real good. I'd straddle him on that table like it was the cure to world peace."
The other 2 started to laugh, but they kept there voices down. They had to be professional, or at least in appearance.
Lousia still stood there holding this young man like he was a little naked baby. Sure his body size was of a grown man, and he was only supported by the table and not really by her, but still that's the emotion that came up in her.
How can you not when you have been a single mom for 18 years. 17 really but did that first year really count if the dad of her first one only sat around getting wasted? She was the proud mother of an 18 year old daughter named Josephine, and a 16 year old boy name giovanni. She was a nurturer, she even for a moment stroked Bobby's hair. Though she quickly became self-conscious of that. She did apologize though for her previous actions, "I am sorry. I was a little distracted, normally it is not this painful trust me. I'll be gentler."
Maybe on some level Bobby needed to hear this reassurance before he was going to uncoil his body and make it all vulnerable to pain again. He stretched out and looked up with an angst written face.
So clearly under these circumstances those motherly instincts kicked back in. And a big part of her was ready to tell him she would come with him tonight and teach whomever he had lost the bet to a little lesson. But she didn't. All she said was, "I'm so sorry."
He simply closed his eyes. She counted out loud to 2 this time, before she pulled more wax. It was better this time. But still his hands moved quickly down there to sooth this sensitive area.
Luisa's hands felt the need to hold him there as well, but her mind luckily enough was able to prevent this.
She tried to calculate how many more times she needed to pull wax when it dawned on her she should double check to see if his balls needed to be done as well.
Her eyes strolled from his lower regions over his belly and his chest. She noticed all the little droplets of sweat over his body. If he was any hotter there would be steam coming of his body. Louisa was surprised that wasn't the case already. And when her eyes got to his face there was sweat dripping down from it into his hair. Hair that was a little messy from rolling on the table a minute ago. Seeing all this right in front of her did not make the mother in her come out. On the contrary it made the vixen in her come out who was wanting to claim her rights as a sexual being. And the lover in her screamed out for the chance to get to show the whole wide world there was no one who could express love better then she could.
But she did neither. She simply licked her lips for a moment and asked him, "Do your balls need to be waxed as well?"
He nodded his head and asked her, "Will that hurt even more?"
"No, it shouldn't." And she further comforted him by laying a hand on his chest. Though she was wearing her gloves she could not help but have the thought of wanting to lick his sweat from her hands, or better yet directly from his body.
Louisa quickly checked her self. This was so unlike her. She thought it must be related to the heat. She had given brazilians to plenty of other men and she had never felt these emotions stir up in her before. Well maybe once or twice, but not this strong.
She took a deep breath and pulled her hand from his chest. She looked over to the little altar she had set up in the corner. She was hoping to find some support, but found none. The laughing of the laughing Bhudha only seemed to represent to her a deeper knowing of the complexity of life. A knowing that goes far beyond right from wrong, or that there is any higher being that keeps us accountable for any misguided actions. When she tried to look away from this face that was filled with laughter all she saw was the little Goddess statue next to it that was bare chested. This reminded Louisa only of the rapid heaving of her own chest and that she quickly needed to collect herself.
She moved to the bottom of the table, distance was essential. She started to apply the wax onto his ball sack. A sack that would ideally be a little more taught then it was right now. But partially due to the no longer fully erect penis the skin had given a little way. But as she took all this in she started to notice his penis was coming back to full erection again rather quickly. Curious as to why, she looked up to the other and of the table and noticed Bobby was staring at her very intensely. He quickly laid his head back down, closed his eyes and clenched his fists next to him.
Louisa tried to grasp what this situation would have looked like from his perspective, and immediately she remembered she had undone the top buttons of her shirt when she thought her work day had ended, and she had forgotten to button them back up. She looked down at her own chest which was in full exposure from where he was because she was bending over, and she noticed her bountiful cornucopia trying to burst out of her little tight short sleeve shirt. Maybe a better way to describe it was to say that her shirt had come undone so far that her breast were trying to push their way to freedom from her little lace bra. Something she always liked to buy a size or two too small.
And she was correct that this had been Bobby's experience. Bobby had been busy trying to brace himself for what was to come next. But when she was applying the wax she had let out a deep breath from letting go of some of that pant up tension in her body. This air flowed towards Bobby's penis, something that did not go unnoticed. By the time she let out an other deep breath Bobby was already looking up and saw something he could hardly comprehend. He understood it fully, it was just that the feelings and emotions behind it were not as easy to process and take in. Not that anything was going on on, but there was definitely a lot going on.
When he looked down there he noticed her ample cleavage so well. Her breasts held so well by that tight little flower shirt of hers. Best to describe it was to say it had a little bit of a country and western feel to it. Her shirt had lots of brown, yellow and red on there, but her lace bra that showed quite a bit was only made out of light blue lace. And when he double checked to make sure he was not being caught peeping he saw her open her mouth to take that 2e deep breath. But from his angle, though in reality she was still quite far away from it, she looked like she was about to take his whole penis into her mouth. The thought of this made him real hard again in no time. Something that felt so exciting to him he felt like he could shoot his rocket of to the moon without a problem. But then Louisa looked up all of a sudden and he panicked and laid back down. He even closed his eyes pretending none of this was even happening.
In the meanwhile at the front desk the girls had lost interest at looking at pictures on the computer. Instead they were looking at pictures on Amy's phone. Pictures she had made during last night's amazing moments of bliss. Pictures that were showing you all the glory of her body, her lover's body and the intimacy they shared.
Both massage therapists agreed, this was hot. One picture that looked extremely good the other girls said. Was one taken by her lover while she was leaning over the railing of the back porch of her parents house while he was penetrating her hard. And right as she was screaming in full ecstasy this picture was taken.
The one therapist who was the more reserved one, expressed her envy. "I wish I could enjoy myself as well as you do?"
Amy flipped her chair around and faced the more reserved one named Ginger, "Look at you. You have such a hot body. What's the problem. Is your boyfriend any good in bed?"
Ginger said, "I'm not sure. I have not been with as many men as you have."
"Ok" Amy said, "But does he make you feel like you are the most beautiful woman in the world?"
"Sometimes, kinda, but he never says that I'm beautiful."
Amy was quiet for a moment, "Do you ever tell him that you think he is hot? I have seen him, he is definitely hot."
Ginger had to deny this and Amy continued.
"So next time loosen up a little when you make love to him. Don't get into your head about it but just remember to tell him he is hot stuff."
Ginger smiled this time, she liked the sound of that.
Amy continued, "You are probably too self-conscious to take pictures but you should at least tell us all about your experience afterwards!"
Ginger blushed a bit and said it was time she should go home. Which still required her packing up her stuff from the room she had worked in. But before she walked away she happened to drop her phone on the floor. Luckily the floor was carpeted so no damage done. But either way Ginger felt a little flustered.
Flustered was the theme of the day, because in the back room there was quite a bit of it going on as well. Louisa had seen that within Bobby. She had also seen it within herself, but it no longer weighed her down now that she knew that he felt flustered and intimidated as well.
She decided to push him a little bit in his discomfort. That was her only intention. So she smeared some more wax on his ball sack. And while doing so she held his penis real gentle like, to have it not be in the way. But the truth is it needed no support from her to do so at all. It was rock hard and was not in her way at all. In fact it was so hard you could probably use it by its self to keep the whole tower of pisa from falling over. With all that girth and close to 8 inches in length that shouldn't be a problem at all.
She was just having a bit of fun. And every time she let go of his penis she would slowly let one or two of her fingers slowly slide along the shaft of his penis.
Louisa was now ready for an other pull and she reached over to his clinched fist and touched it with her hand. "You ready?"
He nodded his head yes and she did the countdown. It was painful non the less. And he let out an other scream. All 3 women in the other room heard it, and felt it.
Louisa was now the one to put her hand on the sore spot. Using her right hand she covered his balls. And since she was standing on his right side it was almost natural for her to wrap her thumb and index finger around the bottom of his penis. Just holding it, for a moment. It made sense.
When the pain had subsided Bobby peaked from between his eyelids trying to see what was going on. He was wondering if this was something that beauticians always do? And sure enough she seemed calm and collected. She even asked him if he was doing well.
He thought about saying something in reply but after opening his mouth for a split second he realized he would not be able to get any sensible sound out of it, so he settled for nodding his head, yes.
Louisa saw how flustered he was and it made her feel powerful. It made her feel beautiful. It made her feel confident.
And it made her talk. It made her talk and the words just kinda came out. And she liked the worlds that came out and what they meant.
"You are doing great. I know this is very painful. I know from my own experience cause I get it done a lot. But what I've been told is that it is even harder for men. Especially when you are not hard. When the skin is loose it becomes much harder. So its great that you are this hard. And it is very important that you stay very hard. It will only make things easier."
This is where Louisa wrapped her small hand around his penis and moved it a little. Her other hand went back to his ball sack and started to massage it.
"Is that making it feel better?"
He opened his eyes like a dear in the headlights and looked at her while nodding his head yes. His eyes were slightly crossed already because he was so turned on. Louisa kept stroking him with both hands while watching his chest go up and down. Sweat dripping from all over his body. Reflecting the light back with such glistening magic. Louisa too was sweating she felt the occasional drop of transpiration role down her cleavage on a roller coaster downwards not to be stopped by anything.
Wow, this was going so well she thought to herself. "Look at me. I'm a truly liberated woman"
It made her think of Amy. She thought to herself if Amy knew about this Amy would be so proud of her. This made her for a split second think of her employees and the fact that they might perhaps still be here. But then she looked over at her clock and she knew more then 20 minutes had passed, so that they must have already left by now. After all who would want to spend any more time in this overheated building?
None the less this thought got her back into her head and she had no longer any idea what to do next. So she turned back into a mortal beautician again, instead of transforming herself into the powerful and divine woman she truly was.
She became self-conscious of her self. She had taken it this far. But had neither the courage or knowhow to take it any farther.
So she decided to work back on the other side of his penis. This way she could turn herself away from him a little and not have to face him.
She knew she was playing it safe, again. And she hated that about her self. But she couldn't help it. And whenever in her life she had managed to not play it so "God damn" safe, are also all the moments in her life she had lived to regret so deeply and to this day.
Part of her was ready to run out of this room. And part of her was ready to run out of this body.
But non of that happened because that's not who she was. She was the one who always takes care of others, because others need her. So she went back to work. But first she realized her hand had been on his penis the whole time. And she could tell from her muscle memory that they had been clenched tight for most of that time period. She looked over her shoulder to the young man on the table and noticed his closed eyes and how his eyebrows were even almost closing all the way over his eyelids. This young man was super turned on and was fully wrapped up in the physical part of all that what was going on.
Louisa made up her mind. She would finish the task as best as possible after which she would go home to take a long shower. And the removable shower head was going to help her get the big release she needed.
She placed more wax on Bobby's lower belly right above his penis. And gave him the heads up for the pull that was about to come. This time she did need to keep his hard on out of the way. Because it was pointing upward too much, and it would have been in the way of her jerking the wax off. She held his penis by the top and squeezed it hard as she jerked off the wax.
Bobby let out a deep breath and ended up placing his hand on Louisa's hip while processing the jolt of pain that went through his body.
The stripped part of his skin looked so intensely red that Louisa felt like cooling it off. And the only thing she could think off in this moment was to blow on it. So she leaned forward and took a deep inhale and slowly let it out. Letting the air that filled up her ample chest only a moment ago now touch this most private part of his body. He let out a deep breath which to Louisa sounded like an encouragement to continue onwards. Especially because his hand slid down from her hip to her left butt cheek. And it stayed there.
Louisa took in an other deep breath and as she did so she moved back a bit towards his hand. Which made sense because she brought her mouth and lips even closer down to his penis to really give him the cooling affect. At the end of the exhale she looked over her left shoulder towards his face. His head was lifted up again while watching her and what she was doing to him.
Bobby had never felt this good in his life. And it wasn't that his life was not a good life. His life was pretty sweet over all except for maybe that he lost this bet. And even this bet turned out to be not such a bad thing in the end. If you considered where he was right now. So he had basically never felt this good in his life because he had never felt this amazingly good in his life. Cause good can always be better.
She still had the tip of his penis in her hand and she looked like she was about to kiss the tip of it that's how close she was to it.
She smiled at him and said, "Does that feel good?"
He mumbled something but she wanted him to say it. So she said, "I can't hear you?"
He tried to use the word yes this time but still it came out all bad. He sounded more like a Neanderthal then anything. So he cleared his voice, looked her in the eye and said a clear, "Yes".
Louisa's smile became even brighter. "Would you like some more?"
Though he had cleared his voice just a moment ago his throat was already stuck again. The idea of more had gotten him so excited again that he could not help it.
He decided to be brave, clear his throat and say a little more. "Yes, that feels really good." He said it all drawn out like he had only just now learned how to talk. And while he said this his hand on her butt cheek started to move ever so slightly.
Louisa decided to close her eyes and let her self feel his hand touch her butt cheek fully, while at the same time letting him know that she was enjoying this treatment so much. And while she kept her eyes closed she let the grip on her own body stance loosen a little bit. She did this so that she would be pushed forward a little bit by a little bit. Because she knew that eventually his penis would come into contact with her face and this would be the perfect excuse for her to place her lips all over it, and on it.
Off course she could have just reach for it and helped herself. After all it was standing there in full day light. It even seemed like the little light from the window was only shining on this pillar of desire as if it was a light from heaven shining down on it. So there was no way she could have missed it. It was that part of her needed this little excuse. She needed this feeling that it just kinda accidentally happened.
And sure enough only seconds later she felt his penis brush against her cheek and she immediately turned her face so that the next time she would blow cooling air on his penis the penis would be closer to her lips. Yet, still she waited a couple more times to let his penis brush against the dark skin of her face before she received it with a warm welcome by slightly parted lips that kissed it so gently. And she wasn't letting go now. Her lips were all over his partially waxed penis. Licking, kissing and eventually swallowing. Which was not easy because he had become even bigger in his excitement for her. But it felt so good to Louisa. And it felt so good to feel his hand now in-between her legs touching her sex through her pants. Turquoise three quarter pants that were tight up top and looser on its way down.
As far as Bobby goes he was more of a boobies guy and what he had seen earlier of them made him want to liberate those 2 pound babies right now and cradle them in his own hands. His left hand reached for her boobs but to Louisa it felt too much like he wanted her to turn around, and so she did. And at this glorious opportunity Bobby immediately applied both hands at her shirt and bra trying to tear them off. And without so much as a hesitation Louisa started undoing her pants. When she was done with her pants Bobby was still struggling with her bra and she still ended up taking her own bra off in the end. Bobby looked at her and had an expression on his face that most closely resembled sitting in front of a whole cookie jar that is completely full and you just got the ok to enjoy as much of them as you can handle. An expression that did not go unnoticed for Louisa, and it made her feel so good about her self and about her life. She knew there was so much more to life then just the beauty of your body, but seeing this handsome young man gloat over her body like hers was the most divinely fine body there ever had been, made her euphoric.
Which was the perfect little excuse for her to mount on top of the young man she was about to straddle. There was a chair right there and she was able to hop on it quite easily and hop onto the table from there. Though the last step turned out not be as smooth as planned. She made it on the table fine but the chair toppled over in the process. And the metal of the chair hit the wooden part of the massage table with quite a bang. It froze them both for a moment but the heat got them going again in no time.
The other 3 women were actually in the door just about to leave when they heard the bang. All stopped in their tracks for a moment to listen for the sound and possible other sounds that were to come. But everything was quiet again. "What was that?" Ginger said. "No idea," Amy said, "let's go!"
Ginger was always the more curious one and she could not help but want to find out for her self. She walked to the back room determined to find out more. Amy had the only key so everyone remained waiting for Ginger to satisfy her curiosity. Amy tiptoed to the back room, though with all the carpet there, there was not that much of a change of being heard, but she wanted to play it safe. And just as she was leaning her ear towards the door Louisa let out a big moan when she let her self fully sink onto Bobby's penis. It was obvious to Ginger that it was the voice of Louisa who was doing the moaning here. Which according to what was supposed to be going on here seemed contradictory to the facts. So she waited around for more to come, but things had gone quiet.
Louisa was letting herself adjust to being filled up again after all these years, and not only that she was letting herself get used to being filled up this much, she also let her self get used to the idea that it was actually happening.
Louisa noticed that Bobby's hands had yet to leave her chest and it didn't feel like they were about to. Which made sense because her body was letting him know that every touch he made on this part of her body was received with great pleasure. Through these touches he was able to send electric messages to all over the rest of her body like it was lunch time at some high school and all the kids were preoccupied on their smart phones. Sending all kinds of sexual hormone induced messages to other kids igniting only even more of these similar hormones to be produced by the bodies of those one the receiving end of things. And all this textual flirting would be going on while being fully transparent with their close friends. Which has an element of immaturity to it.
Louisa felt the need to be the grown up in this situation and she took control over the situation by grabbing him by the shaft, and she placed it right there at the entrance of heaven like he was Peter himself. She looked him in the eye and he looked back at hers. He could feel how extremely juicy she was already and figured he'd be able to slide in no problem. It always seems so easy on the mans side of the story. But for a woman it can be quite a bit of work. Especially when a man is shaped as big as Bobby here.
Louisa slowly started to bring her body down and moaned very deeply as she worked hard to relax every muscle in her crotch. Which she did successfully. Now all she needed to do was pant, this was best way to help her body adjust to being stretched this much. She had been sitting up throughout this whole procedure but now that she opened her eyes again Bobby pulled her in so that they could kiss.
Non of this was enough noise for Ginger to be able to figure out was going till Bobby's excitement started to get the best of him and he started to move in and out of her. Which was a noisy procedure because of the noises the table made from all the weight and pressure it had to endure. But just as this sound started to come into Ginger's earshot an other sound started to come in as well which was the girl's lowered voices saying, "Ginger let's go!"
But Ginger did not move anything besides her index finger coming to her lips letting the girls know they needed to be quiet. The girls could see how intently Ginger was listening now, and they quickly closed the door back up and raced out to find out for themselves what was going on. At this point there was no doubt what was going on in this back room at Vega's beauty parlor. Looks and smiles were exchanged. Everyone was in agreement that they all knew what was going on on the other side.
The door had a window in it which was covered by a little curtain. But this curtain was just a tad too short, which didn't matter because if you walked by you could not look in, or see anything. But if you stopped and got close and you lowered yourself just a bit you could see through this little crack.
And this is what they saw. Louisa was the one who was now the one making all the motion and friction happen. And she was riding him like a bull. A bull that needed to be taught a little lesson. A lesson that can only be taught by its master.
Louisa was getting them off by going back and forth from grinding to coming down on him real hard. She would grind him hard for a while and stop. She would place her hands on his belly and lift herself up. Because letting her drop down on him made her feel so good. Especially because it would stretch her out so fantastically like it was a newly discovered form of yoga. One that so happened to be that form of yoga that would place you directly on the fastest track towards enlightenment. She was letting herself feel it all. His hands on her body, but mostly her chest. Which worked well for her Louisa because this way every time she came down on him hard they would not bounce so much in all directions because he was there to take care of them. She was not twenty anymore after all.
Her energy and excitement started to become real high, causing her voice to raise higher and higher as well. She brought one of Bobby's hands down to her fine ass and he started to knead the softness of her skin rather firmly, something that turned her on greatly. Which off course started to turn him on greatly. Which started to turn her on even more. Well you know how that goes. So you can probably see where this is going. Before either one fully realized it they had already reached their first orgasm. Louisa grinding herself hard onto Bobby. Grinding like if she did not reach an orgasm in the next minute her life would most likely not continue. As if this was a computer game and if she did not reach the next level within 10 seconds it would be game over. That is why she worked that joystick so hard, because she did not want this game to end. Of course that's more of a Bobby analogy then anything, but either way Louisa collapsed onto Bobby's chest after succeeding into make it to the next level. She would see it more like she was a cat, because she was a cat person. And cats have many lives and she just gained an other one because of this magical experience.
Louisa gave Bobby a big kiss and they looked at each other. Both were out of breath like they had just got to the finish line after running a whole marathon. Their medallions were being put on right now for this amazing accomplishment.
Louisa got up from his lap.
The 3 women outside the door panicked. Was Louisa going to burst out that room at any moment, or not? Either way should they leave or stay? This was all going through their minds while they gazed at each other. All were forced to realize that everyone had been touching some part of their sexual bodies from being so turned on from seeing this little peep show. It was Ginger actually who looked back down the crack past the curtain to see if they really needed to leave, or not. And she quickly waved them back down when she saw Louisa sucking Bobby's cock.
Louisa was under the understanding that she needed to suck him for a little while before he would be able to get going again. But she had forgotten what 20 year olds are like. They don't miss a beat, but either way she enjoyed the action greatly and she didn't want to stop.
The 3 women on the other hand did want her to stop because from the angle they were standing all they could see was Louisa's shapely booty, but not any of the other action. That was until Amy remembered the window from the room from next to this one, and she whispered, "Let's look from the window in the other room." And they all followed suite. This window had a curtain in front of it as well, to make sure everyone had the privacy they deserved, but on one side they could easily pull the curtain back a bit to get the perfect angle and not run the risk of being seen. The only downside was that they needed to stand real close together so that they could basically have 3 heads on top of each other to see what was going on.
IN the other room Louisa applied some self-control and she helped Bobby up while saying, "Let's move over to the chair. I don't trust that table so much." And with out a moments hesitation Louisa moved forward with her knees placed on the shoulders of the comfy chair and then helped Bobby move back inside her from behind. It was funny for the 3 women to see that when after Bobby slid back inside her he took a moment to place his hands on his face revealing that he was in total disbelief of what was happening. But then he maned up and started to pound her like any good man would if he was invited in by a woman of such beauty, grace and heart. You let her have it and you start to kiss and gently bite her neck all at the same time. And Louisa was loving it, she started to tell him to go harder. But she also told him, "You make me feel so good, so good." And she tried to turn back her head as much as she could so she could kiss him. Which only half worked but it made Bobby bite down on her neck a little harder when they continued fucking each other so well and so intensely. And the fact that his balls were slamming into her clit area so hard made her so overly stimulated that it send her over the edge again. And she was really loud, yelling, "Oh mother Mary, mother of christ, oh fuck!.. oh fuck! ... oh fuck ... oh fuuuuuuuck!"
And she collapsed onto the recliner like a pile of mush. A big rush of energy was flowing through her body and her mind was forced to just sit there and experience the vastness and the stillness that it brought forth. She felt how good it was to be reminded of this energy and how important it was to deepen this connection with the self, because it is so intertwined with your soul.
Bobby was still trying to fuck her through out this and Louisa had to tell him, "Slow down, I need a moment."
He was a little inexperienced but very willing to learn. He pulled out of her, maybe a bit too abruptly though because it gave a zing of intensity to Louisa, but his intensions were good because he lowered his body and just wrapped her up like a warm wool comfy blanket while she recovered.
Louisa turned herself a bit and was able to get a hand out and placed it on Bobby's cheek. They kissed and looked each other deep in the eyes till Louisa said, "I want you back inside me. You make me feel so good." And when Bobby heard those words his heart almost burst. He moved back a bit to make more room for Louisa to adjust herself. Bobby looked over to the altar and now he noticed the laughing Bhudha and it made Bobby laugh out loud. Louisa who was now on her back on the comfy chair said, "What's so funny?" because she felt a little self-conscious.
Bobby never answered the question though, he simply started to cover her face with heart felt kisses, again and again, all over. Louisa now understood the joke as well and smiled a smile brighter then she had in many many years.
Bobby moved back onto his knees in front of the recliner lining himself up to slide back inside of Louisa's glory hole. Louisa spread her legs a little wider to make this easier. And easy it was because at this point she was more abundantly flowing down there than a river.
Bobby started to slowly move in and out of here again. And Louisa laid back real comfy like. It almost seemed like she at this moment was just snuggling while watching a movie. Never mind that she had a super cute and handsome 20 year old between her legs who was filling her up so fully. And the walls of her Yoni were being touched on all sides like 10 foot waves onto the shore.
But for now she took it with ease. She just laid back with one arm in the air so she could touch Bobby's face, and she played with his hair.
Something Louisa was not able to see, but that the girls in the other room could see so clearly and that turned them all on greatly, was Bobby's butt cheeks. He was on his knees going back and forth penetrating Louisa so deeply. He would pull out real slowly, wait for a second and then push himself back in all the way with a thrust. And he would closely observe Louisa's face every time he slid back inside her and he noticed the deep sensations she was experiencing inside her body caused by him.
The three women in the other room absolutely noticed this beautiful love making, but their eyes could never stray too long away from watching his well formed booty, and the ripples that the muscles inside these well formed booty made. If this was an autonomy class on the muscles of the butt cheeks these girls would have all gotten straight a's at that moment. He continued clenching these muscles and relaxing them at this slow pace. And every time his butt crack would tighten up the butt cheeks would become indented. Almost as if some imaginary hands were pushing down on them. Something the 3 of the women in the other room all imagined it was their own hands that were the ones to touch his behind like that right at that moment. Would that not have been awesome?
And the light that was reflecting the sweat of these cheeks made the ladies so enamored that they felt like they all just smoked some Ganja. Each of the 3 women had at least one hand stimulating their own body somewhere where it was vital and essential that it was being touched. They did not reach out to the others to touch their bodies as well. But plenty of wringing and rubbing did happen, though never openly. Samantha, the other massage therapist, who was the tallest, was looking out from the top. And Amy who was the shortest was at the bottom, which meant that her head was right on level with Samantha's chest. And when Amy stimulated herself between the legs so hard so that she could peak right at the same time as Louisa and she let her head drop when she came at that exact moment. And Samantha's soft bosom was right there for the perfect resting place. And after contact was made neither felt the need to move away from this place of contact. In fact when 5 minutes later Samantha had an orgasm altar her reality so completely she actually held onto Amy's head and pressed it hard against her left boob as the electricity of the intensity of the energy spread throughout her whole body.
Ginger was the only one who never placed a hand between her own legs. Because Amy was crouched down a little bit her soft well rounded booty was sticking out even more then usual. And Ginger took full advantage of this by rubbing her crotch against Amy's right butt cheek. For the longest time Ginger played with her nipples, her most sensitive area, with one hand under her shirt and the other over. While gently bumping into Amy's butt cheek. Gently though, like it was the side effect of her doing something else and not something she choose to do consciously.
That was not until 3 minutes later when Amy all of a sudden started to rub her self up and down on Ginger's left upper leg. This threw Ginger off balance for a second which caused her to reach with her left hand for Amy's left hip. Amy kept rubbing herself and Ginger still needed the balance so she was not about to let go. She slowly let her hand ride along with Amy's movements till she felt courageous enough to pull Amy back a bit harder every time Amy was already in the motion of moving back. Ginger now opened her legs up a little more and started to pull Amy back into her harder and harder into the area where if she was naked you'd see a little landing strip. This bumping made Amy move back and forth more abruptly. Which caused the right cheek of her face to rub more strongly along the breast and nipple of Samantha.
But all three of them were so transfixed on watching the beauty unfold between Bobby and Louisa that it almost seemed like that the things their bodies were doing almost seemed like it was happening to someone else's body, and not theirs. But all three were fully aware what was happening moments later. Amy who had her hand working on her Yoni in full force was only stimulated even more by the fact that Ginger's left leg would bump her hand into her Yoni even deeper. Causing the sensations in her body down there to be so divinely overwhelming that her panting became almost too loud. Luckily for Amy the 2 in the other room were not being quiet either. And what it did was it made Samantha and Ginger feel more comfortable to make the little sounds that needed to be released from their bodies.
And when for a moment Amy changed the direction of her face for just a moment just so she could release a bit of tension from her left shoulder. It turned out that she turned her face more towards Samantha's chest. And for that moment Samantha could feel the hot air from Amy's panting breath through her shirt and bra onto the skin of her hyper stimulated breast that had nipples on them like the Tajh Mahal, one of the 9 wonders of the world. And what should be number one on the list of wonders of the world is the power of anticipation. The hot breath stroking Samantha's super stimulated nipple felt amazing, but what really set her off was the idea that Amy might kiss, lick or bite her nipple at any moment. That feeling really hit her deep inside. And it wasn't just excitement that she felt, it was also the fear of not knowing if she was ok with that that came up in her.
But either way the effect was the same and she prodded in-between her legs even more focussed and did not let loose till she was over the edge. It was now that her other right hand let go of her boob and grabbed Amy's head ever so tightly. Which caused Amy to be more stationary in her position which caused Ginger's forward motions to land more directly resulting in more impact on her clitoris. And it hit home only seconds later like a grand old copper knocker on a castle door causing her to collapse onto Amy's back, panting into Amy's ear. Amy the sexual being that she was did not let an opportunity like this go by unused. And with a couple more finely placed finger motions between her lags she was able to get her self off for the 2e time. And it was good that Samantha was holding her head still up because with Ginger still leaning down on her back it would have been easy for Amy to fall forward with these weak knees of hers from such a delicious orgasm.
We'll leave them in their wonderful experience of bliss while we go back into the other room. Louisa was starting to feel less casual about the things this young man was doing between her legs. She felt ready to let the energy rise back up once again. It had been years and she felt ready to do a little catch up. She brought her legs up and Bobby grabbed them in a tight hug and continued to pound her ever so deeply. She looked at him and started to say, "Right there, right there. That feels sooo good. You are making me feel so good." At times her eyes would close because the intensity of the feelings would be too much. But whenever she could she would open her eyes to drink in the beauty of this young man hovering over her so lustfully. This was good because she noticed him licking his lips which reminded her that she was thirsty and that he probably was as well. How could you not in this heat?
She looked over to the little table next to the recliner and sure enough it had a glass of water on there she had intended to drink earlier. She reached over and was able to grab it without disturbing any of the other motion. She took a couple of swigs as best as she could and next brought it up to Bobby's lips as well. He did his best to take in her offering and got quite a bit of it in. But quite a bit spilled as well. Part of it falling down on Louisa's belly and part of it running down Bobby's chin onto his chest. And it was this that reminded her of her desire to lick the sweat from his chest. She put the glass back down and brought her legs back down as well before she raised her body up so that her tongue could work its magic on his chiseled chest. Occasionally she would lean back a little and look him deep in the eye while licking her lips before she would slowly lean back in to lick him some more.
It made Bobby wild. And he could only endure it for so long. He had already noticed a little pool of water and sweat in the little indent at the top of the collarbone. He pushed her back and sucked it up from underneath her chin with great pleasure. This tickled Louisa so much that she started to giggle and push him back a little. But bobby's animal desire was to great at this moment to be held back. Though he backed up from the sensitive part under her chin, he simply switched that energy over to bite down on her nipples while picking up the pace of his penetration even more.
Louisa didn't mind. It was magnificent. Here was a young man discovering he was a man. He was already endowed with such a beautiful body and now he was discovering what to do with it. This inner knowing came out form deep within him. A knowing we all have, we just all need the chance to discover it. And it was especially nice to discover this in the arms of this lusciously beautiful experienced woman who was biting her lip from excitement. Moaning like she was in a torture chamber. But the only torture that was going on was that she had to stretch her heart wider and wider to let all these good feelings that were coming her way move through her body fully without any restraints.
She managed all right. In fact she wanted more, and more. And she even started to tease Bobby saying, "Is that all you got?" She smiled and he smiled back but he did not change his pace. So she said it again, "Is that all you got?" And she waited for a second before she continued, "You look like you are in such great shape. You must be able to step it up even more?" It took a moment before it fully sank in for Bobby. But then it did, and it opened a whole other level of intensity for Bobby. And it wasn't that he fucked harder or faster, though he might have. It was that his movement became more intense, way more intense. And he started to groan so deeply and his masculine side came out so strongly. You could see it, hear it, feel it and smell it. It oozed out of him. Every muscle in his entire body, and there were a lot of them, tensed up as he kept on it.
Louisa's body started to shake because of the impact of this energy. Not that she was having an orgasm yet or anything. This felt more like a DNA reconfiguration or something. And her voice needed to be opened up to not let any of this energy be blocked from coming through. So she started to say things and it didn't mater what she said, not at this point. At first there was a long drown out scream of the word auw, but that felt kinda off to here because she needed to breath faster then that. So she switched over to saying, "I feel that, I feel that." And it is surprising how sometimes when you state the obvious it can be the most powerful thing in the world. So she continued saying, "I feel that. I feel that." Because it made her feel more deeply and more intensely.
In the end it was Bobby that started to come first. But it seemed like he first pumped himself up with a couple of guttural exhales that sounded like "Gha" and each one became more intense till he finally exploded into her. And when his semen hit the back of her vagina it was like a pressure washer was stuck inside her. And she lost it, joining his guttural chorus with a high pitched set of screams while she mixed her love juices with his. And he kept moving around in her making sure that their juices were as bonded and united as they were.
In the other room it was Amy who first looked away from this divinely peepshow. The word "Wow! had slipped from Samantha's lips and Amy was curious to see what the expression on her face looked like. It turned out her mouth was open and she looked like she was hypnotized. Turning around Amy noticed that Ginger had pretty much the same expression on her face. She saw Ginger swallow for a moment before she softly whispered, "Yeah ... wow!"
Amy giggled softly for a second which snapped the other two out from their state hypnosis. They all smiled at each other. Amy straightened herself back up and took the other two into a big hug. She whispered, "If felt like we did something big there but we only watched." Samantha responded with a little poke, "We didn't just watch, mind you." They all smiled a smile of knowing.
Ginger whispered, "We should probably get out of here."
And just as she said this a door opened. Three sets of eyes opened wide in fear of what was to happen. They were in the side room, their was no need for them to be discovered. They should be fine. But Ginger was the first to realize it might not be that way and she had to only whisper the words, "Our bags." for the other two to know she was right.
They all looked again inside the other room to look for any other clues. The only person in the other room was Bobby. Reclining in the chair with his arms in the air. He was feeling like a champ, that was for sure. Which was cute, but the three women in the other room had no eye for that right now.
Moments later the door of the room they were in slowly opened it self. All three women knew what would happen next but still it seemed like it took forever before Louisa turned her head around the door. And when she did she still seemed surprised and jolted up at the sight of them. She put her hands in front of her face and said, "I feel so embarrassed. Why are you still here?" And tears started to come down from her cheeks already. There was a moment of awkward silence while all three women stared at Louisa standing there in Bobby's shirt that looked like a short dress on her. Amy bolted forward and took Louisa in her arms and said, "Never be ashamed of making love. Especially not when its as beautiful as what I just saw. Making love is like eating food. You need to eat otherwise you die. And what you just experienced was straight up food for the soul. It truly was, even for my soul." Here she looked around to the other two girls and continued, "And I am sure it was the same way for Samantha and Ginger?" Louisa looked up to see what their reaction would be, but they didn't say anything they only smiled and walked over to take louisa into their arms as well.
Louisa cried a little bit more before she said, "I feel so much lighter. My body feels so wonderful. You know I have not made love to anyone in years but that reminded me of how amazing having sex can be." She looked up for a second to see everyone in the eye to make sure her words were received with understanding before she shared the following. Her eyes pointed towards the other room for a moment while she expressed her heart, "That by the way, was the most beautiful love making I have ever had in my whole entire life."
They all got giggly excited for a moment before Louisa send them away, "Now get out of here. I still have some waxing to do on that sweet young man." She looked over to Amy now and asked her while giggling, "What's his name again?"
"Your young stud is named Bobby."
Now Louisa pushed them out of the room and they all left. Leaving louisa finally alone with her young lover. It was time to wax on, wax off. And hold him lovingly and maybe a kiss here and there as well.
But please don't tell anyone. What happens in Vega's beauty parlor stays in Vega's beauty parlor.