My name is Amanda and my husband, Walter and I have been married for two years. I was a virgin when we got married, and Walter had introduced me to sex through the internet. In hindsight, I realized that I got a slanted view of what was normal, but at the time, I listened to Walter.
Anyway, I understand now that Walter had two fetishes. One was a camel-toe fetish and the other was a creampie fetish.
Walter made me wear clothing in public that were tight in the crotch area so that my pussy lips could be seen through the material. He loves cameltoes. He told me that most people never give it a second thought and that is why he loved me showing off my cameltoe in public.
His other fetish was to cum inside me and watch his sperm ooze out of my pussy. He called this a creampie, and until recently, I thought that all men liked that.
Anyway, Walter's best friend, Mark often came over to our house and hung out with us. Mark liked how we had a big screen tv and he liked to drink our beer. Walter makes a lot of money, so we didn't mind, and we liked hanging out with Mark.
One night when the three of us were drinking I was using the bathroom when I heard Walter whispering to Mark. I quietly listened and I could barely make out what they were talking about.
"Dude, she is such a fucking slut, you wouldn't believe."
"Amanda? No way, she was a virgin when you met her."
"Dude, trust me."
"Sorry Walter, I just can't imagine Amanda like that. I mean she's thin and probably has a nice body, but she'll always be that innocent girl to me."
"Look at these then."
I could see through the crack in the door and I saw my husband handing Mark a pile of pictures, and I almost ran into the room, but something kept me inside the bathroom.
"Holy shit, that's her pussy?"
"Yeah, and it's full of my sperm."
"You mean these pictures were taken after you fucked her?"
"Yeah, it's called a creampie. She likes it. See she's kinky."
"Wow, I had no idea. So you fuck her and she lets you take pictures?"
"yeah, but I also like cameltoes."
"Yeah, I knew you liked them."
"So, now we take pictures of her wearing something showing off her cameltoe and I cum outside her right where her cameltoe is. See."
"That is awesome dude."
I stayed in the bathroom a while longer and when I returned, Mark and Walter acted like nothing had happened.
The three of us kept drinking but after another hour we were all drunk and Walter passed out.
Mark helped me get Walter into bed and then as he was leaving he told me that Mark was a lucky guy.
"I know you saw the dirty pictures of me."
Mark looked scared for a minute, but then smiled, "You are really sexy. I'd love to change places with Walter in those pictures."
Then Mark left, but he got me thinking.
Over the next few weeks, I encouraged Walter to invite Mark over and he was spending 3 or 4 nights drinking at our house.
Each one of those nights I managed to talk to Mark alone for 10 or 15 minutes and we always talked about how Walter makes me pose for the pictures and how Mark would love to switch places.
Mark joked one time that I should wear the same clothes that I wore in the pictures and let Mark cum on my crotch and take pictures and Walter wouldn't have a clue.
That conversation in particular turned me on. The more that I thought about it, the more I realized that it was a perfect idea. It would be kinky. It would fulfill one of Mark's fantasies, and it would not really be cheating because I would be wearing clothing, and I wouldn't be fucking Mark or anything.
Finally I told Mark that if he wanted to, I would let him take some pictures of cumming on my cameltoe when I was wearing my red bikini. That was a bikini that Walter bought for me and he came on the crotch a few times, so it was stained, so I couldn't wear it anywhere except for pictures with Walter.
That Friday Walter and Mark started drinking early. I later found out that Mark was drinking water, pretending to be drinking Vodka, but Walter was trashed by 8 p.m.
Another hour later my husband was passed out and Mark and I carried him to bed. I knew from experience that he would be out all night, so I had no fears in letting Mark cum on my cameltoe because I knew that my husband would never find out.
I had always been attracted to Mark, so when he closed the door to my bedroom and led me back to the living room, I was excited.
"My camera's all ready, go change into your slutty bikini and do a sexy dance to get my cock hard."
I liked how he was talking. It made me feel like a cheap slut and I liked playing that role.
I quickly changed and when I came out of the bathroom, Mark was naked sitting on the couch, and I could see that his dick was flaccid, but even though it was not hard, it was already the same size as Walter's dick when it was hard.
I also noticed the large size of Mark's balls and I immediately knew that I was going to enjoy this game.
I walked up top Mark as sexy as I could and I stood before him for a second. I then placed my index finger on my pussy on the outside of the bikini and I looked Mark in the eyes.
"I bet you want your dick to be where my finger is, don't you?"
I then slowly pushed my finger inside myself, taking some of the bikini material with my finger. I then withdrew my finger, leaving several inches of material inside my pussy, creating a great cameltoe.
"God, Walter is so fucking lucky. But tonight, I am the lucky one. Bring that tight pussy over here.
I took a step closer to Mark and I straddled him, thrusting my small, B-cup chest into his face and sitting on his lap with my legs on both sides of his.
Mark reacted more aggressively that I had planned and his strong hands immediately ran up my thighs and cupped my ass.
He pulled me closer to him and I could feel his dick growing against my crotch as I looked into his eyes.
"What's it gonna take to get you hard enough to cum so we can make these pictures?"
He gave me a wicked smile, "your tits in my face and my cock grinding against your cunt."
He pulled me forward even further and he licked my chest between my tits.
I have never had large tits, but hearing Mark talk about my body like that made me feel really sexy. Also, when he began licking my chest, it made me feel naughty.
Even though I don't have enough "up top" to make any real cleavage, I pushed my chest out a little and Mark began licking along the top of my bikini. As I pushed my chest out more and more, I was exposing more and more skin and it didn't take long for the triangle tops of my bikini to shift so that most of my right tit was exposed.
I made sure that the top still covered my nipple, but Mark was licking all along the areola and it was driving me nuts.
That is when I realized that I could feel his dick pressing against my crotch.
While he was licking my areola, Mark's hands were firmly on my ass, forcing me back and forth along his hard dick. The friction was nothing short of amazing.
I could feel the pressure from Mark's dick right against my clit and it was wonderful.
"Damn, Amanda, I'm not gonna last much longer. We better get into position."
"Okay, the pictures that Walter already took of me in this bikini have me on my back and Walter between my legs."
I got off of Mark and we switched places. I laid back on the couch and he put his camera next to me and then he positioned himself between my legs and lifted my feet onto his shoulders.
I watched in amazement as Mark pointed his massive dick at my cameltoed crotch.
Before I could think about what was happening, I watched as Mark leaned forward, driving his dick right into my pussy, taking with it the crotch of my bikini.
Since I had already pushed a few inches inside before, he was able to sink his dick about 4 inches inside me with ease before the material started stretching.
Like I said, it all happened so fast, but it seemed like it was happening in slow motion. More and more of the bikini material was pulled inside me as he pushed inch after inch inside me.
I must have been so horny from what we were doing that I suppose that I was very well lubricated, because I would never have guessed that my pussy could accommodate Mark's massive size, but within seconds he was completely inside me, and he stayed still for a second and I could feel his pubic bone hard against my clit and I felt his large balls resting on my ass.
"I can't believe you are letting me cum inside your cameltoe."
Before I had a chance to tell Mark that he was not doing what I had planned, he began to slowly pull the entire length of his shaft out of me and slowly push it all the way back in.
The long strokes made me feel so full that I was in heaven. I had never felt that full before and I wasn't about to stop Mark.
Instead, I just closed my eyes and let Mark have his way with me.
As he fucked me, using my bikini as a condom, he was sucking my tits, alternating back and forth between them.
It took me a few minutes to realize that my triangle top had shifted enough that my nipples were fully exposed and Mark was sucking them and it sent chills through my body.
I have no idea how long we were like that but after a while of this I had a mind-blowing orgasm and the world stayed still for a minute.
When I opened my eyes, I saw that Mark's face was between my legs and he was looking up at me.
As soon as we made eye contact, I saw him look at my bikini crotch which had a lot of the bikini material still inside, and Mark began to lick my pussy through the material.
I could feel his tongue as if he was licking my clit with nothing between us. Mark nibbled and sucked and every now and then he stopped long enough to tell me how great I tasted.
I closed my eyes and it was only a short while before I had another orgasm. This time Mark's mouth was planted firmly on my cameltoe, and I was sure that he was getting a good taste of my juices.
When I opened my eyes, I saw that I had one of my legs wrapped around Mark's head, and I giggled. I relaxed my grip and he stood up and I felt the tip of his dick against my cameltoe again.
"Okay Amanda, I'm going to fuck this cameltoe and unload inside you."
I was so overcome with emotions that I told Mark to "hurry up."
It only took a few strokes and I felt him explode inside me.
He stayed still for a while and when he withdrew his dick, he grabbed his camera and began taking pictures of my crotch.
I could see globs of milky white sperm oozing out of me and it looked very naughty.
Mark must have taken 50 pictures over the next 10 minutes and when he was done, he helped me clean up and said that he better get going.
Mark knew that we printed our own digital images from our printer and he made sure that he knew what kind of printer and paper we used.
"I'm going to print these and give them to you to insert into Walter's collection, and he won't have a clue that it is my sperm covering your cameltoe."
As he walked out the door, he said, "Walter showed me pictures of you with creampies while you are wearing one other bikini but the rest were of you wearing panties.
I still wanted to feel like I wasn't cheating on Walter, "God Mark, tonight felt great. I have to have more. So long as my panties stay on, you can cum on my cameltoe with me wearing anything that I am wearing in the pictures."
Walter winked, "Good, my cock is going to spend more time inside your cunt than your husband's. Don't worry, I'll bring you to orgasm a few times with my tongue before I cream you. I plan on giving your cameltoe a creampie 3 or 4 times a week until we replicate all of the panties in the pictures."
"Ha ha, at that pace, we'll have more pictures of your creampies than of my husband's."
That was 6 months ago, and since then, Mark suggested that Walter buy me some crotchless panties and take a few more pictures of cameltoe creampies with me wearing crotchless panties."
Although Walter and I only had two photo sessions of him giving me creampies in the crotchless panties, Mark and I escalated to solely creating creampies when I wear the crotchless panties.
Before my husband had a chance to print any of the pictures of him and me, Mark printed a ton of pictures showing my pussy covered with his sperm and globs of his sperm leaking out of me and I gave them to Walter and pretended that they were the pictures that Walter took.
Now I encourage Walter to take pictures of me in different sexual positions, just so that Mark can fuck me in those positions.
On an average month, I have sex with my husband once or twice, but Mark fucks me at least 15 days and for hours each session.
I have long-since given up the ruse of not cheating on Walter, and I have even learned how to deep-throat Mark's 10 ½ cock.
Also, I used to take a shower every time after Mark fucked me, but now I enjoy waking Walter up from a drunk stupor so he can either eat my creampie or unknowingly get sloppy seconds.
Mark and Walter have grown closer as friends and Walter has even arranged for Mark to move in with us so he can save some money.
Mark and I have decided to start uploading pictures of my cameltoed pussy covered in his sperm onto various websites.