The gang-bang did something to my hormones. I mean, really did something to them. Elsie was flummoxed by my sexual activity over the next month. To be perfectly frank about it, I was nothing more than an eighteen year old whore in perpetual heat. I found guys everywhere I turned, and for a while I was literally spinning about in my rush to find them.
Like two nights after the gang-bang this guy with Elvis-like sideburns had me in his backseat. I'm naked and on all fours, panting with excitement. He hasn't even kissed me yet.
"Let me see you touch it," he says.
My hand darts between my legs. I'm feeling better already.
"You like doing that, don't you?"
"Uh huh," I gasp, I've already got two fingers jabbing away.
"You're such a fuckin' slut."
"Ughhhh!"
"Lemmie see the pink. I wanna see how wet you are."
No problem, I think, and wave my wet fingers under his nose.
"Lick it clean," Romeo says.
So I do. What the fuck, I do it at home, why not in the backseat of this fucker's car?
"Go ahead, get yourself off," he says. For a second I hesitate. I mean, is he or isn't he gonna give me some of his love meat?
What the fuck? I start fingering myself again. I file away the fact that he still hasn't kissed me, or touched my tits other than a minor grope when I got into the car. More importantly, I don't know if he's sporting a woody. Christ on a crutch, I hope he is!
"Are the fantasies starting yet?" he says, and brings me up short.
"What?"
"You fantasizing yet?
"You asking if I'm dreaming of a big cock to fuck me?"
"Yeah... maybe more than one."
"Under the circumstances... yeah," I respond. But I'm wondering if I should grab my clothes and bolt the fuck out of the car.
"Just one cock, or lots?"
"Lots," I whisper.
"Wanna see mine?"
My cunt tingled as I nodded my head. I heard his zipper going down.
"Have a look at this dick," he said proudly.
I saw why he was so proud. He was big, really big. I wanted to droll over the fucking thing it was so big. I put my hand on it and found that my fingers were about three inches from touching.
Oh, Jesus. Have I died and gone to heaven? I mean, Elsie and me have had this conversation at least a dozen times. What I'm saying is how big a big cock got, you know?
"Big enough for you?" He says.
"Oh, yeah... and then some," I add.
"Taste it."
I pull back the foreskin. I recall that Elsie told me once that the scent of some guy's cocks could make your cunt clench. I hadn't believed her. She loved to feed me bullshit; you know how it is with best friends. But she was right. This guy had my cunt doing loop-the-loops.
I realized he was watching me sniff his glands as delicately as possible without actually pressing my nose against it.
I realize I'm still fingering myself and stop, suddenly embarrassed. But I'm one horny bitch and would probably have fucked under the corner traffic light if he'd asked me.
"We are gonna fuck, right? I ask and hate myself for asking.
"You want me to put my big dick in your snatch?"
"That's the general idea, yeah," I say.
"Okay, but I'm warning you, I'm gonna pull out before you're ready to cum. Are you up for that?"
Anything less than a tumultuous orgasm is repellent to me; but I nod anyway. He can't possibly be serious. "Whatever you say," I say.
I'm surprised to hear him laughing. "You're betting that once I'm fucking you I won't be able to stop, right?"
I didn't answer him, but rolled onto my back and spread my legs.
He pressed his magic wand against the wet folds of my vulva. I'm holding my breath. When that monster goes in I'll either take a deep breath or die of suffocation.
Then... one, two, three short jabs and the motherfucker's in to the hilt. I am fuckin' stuffed like the Thanksgiving Turkey.
He made it flex several times and I can feel the big O building.
"Lemmie have it, motherfucker," I say.
What does he do? He pulls it out and rubs it over my folds. And this drives me wild! Then after a long pause his cock slides back in again, and I start to tremble.
Shit... I'm seconds away from heavenly bliss. When he slaps my ass several times. I have no choice but to let him think I'm loving it. My patience is rewarded when he starts fucking with a vengeance. He even sends a finger into my asshole.
Suddenly I love this guy's style. But all I can say is "Oh God," over and over.
"Ten seconds," he says.
"What?"
"Eight seconds."
He thinks he's a fucking bombardier, I tell myself; He's counting down to his unloading in me. Okay, I'm fine with that.
"One!" he says and pulls the fuck out, and jerks himself off until he starts coming. He comes all over me, but not in my pussy.
I dressed and got the fuck out of the car, having to listen to the bastard laughing at me and telling me, "I told you... well, didn't I?"
I let loose a string of vindictive and started walking, refusing to get back in the car. Eventually he drove off and I hitched a ride back to my neighborhood. Fortunately for me the driver was a woman who sensed that I had had a bad date and left me to my own thoughts, asking no questions.
***** But I was out again the following night, looking for Mr. Goodbar, or whatever. I found him in the first bar I hit.
Elsie had wanted to come out with me, but I talked her out of it, saying, "Yeah, sure, I meet Mr. Right and he doesn't have a friend so I turn him down just to stay with you."
God Bless Elsie. She completely understood and let me go.
Twenty minutes after meeting Mr. Whatshisname... and the wedding ring he wore on his left hand, we were in a seedy motel room with him sucking hard on my left nipple through the fabric of my bra. It was wonderful! For some inane reason I was thinking of what the texture of the bra's material felt like against his tongue. (I will confess that later that night, I tried it out in my room. Yeech!)
But he had my nipple trilling all the way to my clit, as he sucked, rolled, licked and then bit down on my nipple, softly at first, and then harder, all the while looking up at me. I closed my eyes and inhaled, ready for the flood.
It was building, spreading and burning all through my body. I whimpered, arching my back, wanting to press my cunt onto his thigh but resisting.
By the time he bit into my right nipple I was flying above pain. And I was humping his thigh, not pressing against it!
When he stopped I was totally ecstatic. We looked at each other and smiled. I laughed.
"Did you just cum?" he asked.
"Yeah," I replied with a shy lewdness. Within a minute I'm hanging onto the bedpost for balance as my body is jounced all over the place by his plundering mouth.
I come. I know he tasted my juice, hot on his mouth, my pussy closing around his tongue. His arms wrap around my thighs and his fingers pull my labia apart. I can feel my clit exposed, wanting warmth and cover. His tongue swirls it gently.
My body moved slightly forward and back against him, my cheek pressed against the wooden wall hanging. I can smell the lacquer as my breath warms its surface.
Suddenly, we're on the floor, he's on his back and I'm on top of him, my face between his legs, his mouth refastened to my clit.
The scent emanating from his cock was overpowering. What an aphrodisiac! I inhaled, drunk on the smell. I didn't put my mouth on his dick. I buried my face in his hair instead and traced his scent across every inch of his groin as I nuzzled him.
My hair fell onto his thighs and slid over his cock, which was growing harder by the second. He grabbed my head and pushed it down onto his shaft then went back to munching my cunt.
I was coming as I enveloped his testicles in my mouth.
I was still coming as I sucked his adorable shaft and drained him of his life giving fluid.
I figure we'll rest a while then fuck ourselves silly.
Silly me. How was it I didn't know my pussy was poised for greatness?
His fingers reach inside me and search out my g-spot. His thumb rests briefly on my already swollen clit. I am beside him on my knees with legs spread, bracing myself with a hand on his leg.
He started slowly, moving his fingers and wrist with steady pressure and gradually built to a fucking rhythm I can get behind. I envision my pelvis totally relaxed. My hips circle and I feel it: the cold tingle spreading from my clit throughout my body. I let myself be open. There is a low hum coming from my throat.
I don't want to stop this.
It's coming, and I can't speak, can't warn him that this is big- bigger than anything he's felt.
My hips press forward and up as his three fingers massage my insides.
The hum becomes louder and he's thrusting from his elbow and I'm ecstatic with the pulsing warmth and wetness.
I'm raining cum down his arm.
"Oh, Jesus..." he murmurs.
I manage to ride through the first torrent only to cry out as the next wave crashes.
Again I'm flooded. He's flooded. The floor is shiny with my juice.
I open my eyes.
He is looking at me in awe.
I swallow and manage a smile. "So I'm a squirter, huh? Who knew?"
He slowly withdraws his hand from my cunt. I look at him and, using the hem of my dress, dry myself. I am exhilarated. It's great to get laid right.
***** The following night I'm with a guy named David.
"Do you worship cock? He asked. Not out of the blue, of course. I had already told him I wanted to get laid. I told him because I wanted no misunderstanding between us. I was still vibrating from the night before and wanted to repeat it all if possible.
Unfortunately, I lost the guy's number. Fuck-shit, I didn't even remember his name!
So David... (See I remember HIS name!) is asking me if I worship cock while sitting in an easy chair in his apartment.
I'm kneeling between his legs wearing a pair of light blue panties and nothing else. That may be why he felt he could ask such a question.
"I'm not all that religious," I say.
"Cock worship doesn't require a tithe," he said with a smile.
My heart and other sensual parts smiled and skipped a beat or two.
"Well, I guess I could give it a try."
"Take my clothes off," he said. "Everything but my shirt."
I unbuttoned his shirt but left it on. I unlaced his shoes, took them off then peeled off his socks and put them carefully inside the shoes. I opened his belt, unzipped his trousers, and took them off; leaving his Jockey's on until I finished folding the trousers. After I carefully placed the Jockey's on top of the trousers on the sofa beside him, I turned back to him and contemplated his erection.
It wasn't fully erect, but it had grown thick and heavy.
"Show me what you can do with this cock of mine," he said.
I bent my head and softly kissed the top of his cock.
"Don't pull the foreskin back till I say so," he groused, "Some of you think it's a god damn plaything!"
I didn't respond to that. Of course we think of it as a plaything. It is a plaything!
"Kiss it a little first," he said, prompting me to get going.
I puckered my pretty red lips and kissed it all the way down the shaft until I came to his balls.
"Cup them, but be careful not to squeeze 'em," he said gruffly. I wondered briefly who had played with his 'plaything' before that had him so worried about how I'd be handling him.
Despite his warning, I gave them a light squeeze and felt him shudder with delight.
"You can do it a bit harder," he said.
I squeezed a little tighter and licked first one and then the other.
"Fuck!" he exclaimed, obviously liking what I was doing.
"Mmmm," I said. "I don't know if that's worship, but it's nice."
"Yeah... it is," he said agreeably.
I began to kiss back up the shaft again. When I got to the top my tongue came out and licked around the very edge of the foreskin and then into the little hollow inside it; pushing the tip of my tongue a tiny way into the urethra. Then I licked my way down to his balls and took one back into my mouth and rolled it around.
"FUCK!"
Letting the testicle drop from my mouth, I hefted his cock in the palm of my hand.
"It's very pretty."
"Cocks aren't pretty," he said.
"I think yours is," I said, standing my ground.
"They're..." he paused searching for the right word. "Formidable, that's what they are!"
"Not all of them," I countered and heard him laugh.
"Right you are. Some of 'em are... inadequate. Would you agree?"
Rather than respond, I merely nodded my agreement, causing him to laugh again. I decided that enough was enough, if he wanted a blowjob; I'd give him one he wouldn't forget. Taking his big thingy in hand, I began rubbing it against my cheek. I made my facial expression one of sheer reverence, knowing he could see my face. It paid big dividends. He began to swell in my hand as I brushed it with my lips, and then rubbed it against the side of my nose and across my eyelids.
"Please," he moaned, "Suck it!"
I peeled the foreskin back then slowly wrapped my mouth around the base of his glands. My tongue caressed the quivering bulb. Looking upward, I saw his eyes roll back in his head.
I figured I must be doing something right in his cocksucking house of worship. So I doubled my efforts.
He came a ton. Almost all of it in my mouth. I gulped it down, making an exaggerated sound in swallowing it.
David surprised me. After lavishing my fellating for several minutes, he went down on me. I will admit that while he wasn't quite as good as whatshisname, he brought me off. What's more, when he finished he was hard again and fucked me raw, managing to keep his erection while I came at least six or seven times on his big pogo stick. Yea, Davie! I made it a point to get and save his phone number.
Elsie met me at the door to our apartment. "You got good and laid, I can see it on your face," she giggled.
I hiked up my dress and spread my legs. David's sperm was running down my legs.
"Fucked my brains out, I said inanely, and then went to bed without washing my pussy.
*****
It's Saturday, sitting on my bed, I spread my legs wide to take a closer look with a hand held mirror. From the outside it looks the same, especially with all my dark pubic hair. I push aside the curls to reveal my hidden treasure. You can't tell that it's no longer virgin, at least 30 times over by now. The hole doesn't look any bigger to me. Are the labia a bit redder or puffier? I think so. After last night's battering they should be. I start caressing the soft petals until I grow wet, then I notice the crust of his sperm from last night and laugh. But I don't jump up and shower. I tell myself I better stop now, or I'll be late. I need to think of something else. So I start doing the Kegel exercises that Elsie taught me. My entire pussy vibrates. I feel the inner vaginal muscles getting stronger daily. No way am I going to become a loose, sloppy fuck like some girls who screw constantly.
After I climax I take the much needed shower.
Elsie and I go shopping; she buys a new vibrator, I buy new lingerie. We agree to team up tonight, to remain together no matter what.
We'll see. We've made those promises before. Before one of us met that certain guy who sets our pussies on fire.
As it turned out, there was no certain guy for either of us that night. Surprise, surprise, but it was a memorable night all the same.
****
"Bleep, bloop. Thump." We waded through the sounds that pooled around us, making our way to a bank of seats along a wall. Elsie had met this redhead at the door and she joined us as we trooped into the center of the noise filled room.
By this time, Elsie and the redhead were swapping spit and chewing gum, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from the seizure-inducing strobes.
It was the kind of night where we couldn't settle in at any one place. We briefly hit the Pharaoh's Grill with Gina, (the redhead did have a name) where she and Elsie lifted each other's skirts and smacked each other's asses to roars of approval from a host of guy's.
Somehow Gina talked us into leaving all that raw meat and going over to the Waterhole Bar on 17th Street to meet her other friends.
Squinting in the darkness of the Waterhole, I made out walls covered in graffiti, piles of broken glass, and banks of deeply stained upholstery. Gina's crazy friends were ensconced on some couches in the corner, right next to two homeboys who were dealing coke in plain view.
A pale hipsterish girl with frizzy, curly, mop-top hair approached Gina and the two of them made all kinds of excited noises. Evidently they'd met at a party a week earlier and I heard Gina tell the girl, "I'll never forget your eyes," before they went into a long kiss. After they ended the clinch, the girl (her name was Nicole) invited us to a party the following Friday and left.
A frumpy blonde hit on me while I was waiting at the bar for a beer. But rather than tell her to get lost, I said my bladder was about to rupture and found my way to the ladies.
Imagine my surprise when I encountered a guy inside the ladies room. He wanted to know if we could make pee-pee together.
Think of me what you will, but I gave the offer serious consideration before declining. It worked out well, for returning to Elsie and Gina, I discovered Gina vomiting on the floor all over one of the homeboys shoes and socks.
He was not amused, and we had a time of it getting Gina out of the place and into a cab. Ten minutes later we were in a cab of our own, looking for a place with plenty of tumescent men.
Elsie and I clung to the railing of a rooftop bar where one could dance under the stars; it was all very romantic, except no one asked us to dance. So we passed some time gazing at the tangle of narrow streets below and peeking at the boys and girls whooping it up on the dance floor.
A sudden downpour chased us off the rooftop along with everyone else. Navigating the roof-access ladder − no stairs in this classy place -- with a drink in one hand proved to be the night's biggest challenge.
It was stimulating, though, for standing at the bottom was a groovy looking guy with thick curly hair looking right up my mini-skirt as I clambered down the steps to the first floor.
I gave him my best smile only to be dragged off by Elsie despite my feeble protests that I had just met this guy. Long story short: We met this nice couple on the sidewalk outside the rooftop bar and they invited Elsie and me to their home -- just two doors down -- for a nightcap of sorts.
We accepted just to get out of the rain, which had turned into a downpour.
His name was Vaughn, hers Jackie. He was at least ten years older than Elsie and me, and probably Jackie as well, but I'm not positive about that. He was funny, and had a lot of great stories about his misspent youth. He also had a shaved head, and was one of the few white guys I've met who look decent that way. Jackie was rail-thin, but definitely sexy, although I had no particular yearning to get her in the sack. Vaughn was another matter. I would have jumped his bones in a New York minute.
As we were sipping our second drink, Jackie told us that they were into, among other things, Japanese rope bondage. She regaled Elsie and me with some of the elaborate scenes they'd carried out in the past that had left them physically and mentally exhausted.
Vaughn disappeared for a moment and returned to the room with a bagful of goodies. Leather cuffs for us girls complete with fuzzy linings.
"Don't worry. It's nothing dangerous," he assured us.
Jackie helped Elsie with her cuffs, and Vaughn did mine. Jackie put a dog collar around Elsie's neck to much laughter all around. Then Jackie led Elsie off to the bedroom. I was intrigued by all the giggling and carrying on from the room and walked over to peek inside, only to discover Vaughn was right behind me.
"Go on in. We'll have us a party," he said. Elsie was there swaying, her thonged backside facing me, each wrist was chained to a hook in the ceiling via her leather cuffs. Her skin was softly radiant in the dim lighting provided by dozens of candles.
Suddenly, Vaughn grabbed me from behind and half carried me over to where Elsie slowly swung back and forth like the pendulum on a grandfather's clock.
"DEIDRE!" She yelled, but her warning came a moment too late. Vaughn and Jackie had me pinned between them.
"Don't worry, we aren't going to hurt you... much, Jackie hissed in my ear, and then bit my earlobe so hard it began to bleed.
Vaughn worked fast. In no time at all my feet were tied together with a short piece of rope. Oh, I tried to escape, but it was no go. There wasn't anything I could do.
"Mmm...Vaughn, you found us two lovely sluts, didn't you?"
"Oh yeah. We're gonna have us a good time." It will be a great weekend, I can tell."
They decided to do me first. Since I had larger breasts then Elsie. Jackie rolled me over on my back so that my arms were pinned under me. She used a scissors to cut away my top, unzipped my skirt and yanked it off me then used the scissors to snip away my thong.
"Wow," Vaughn said.
"I know. Did I do good?" Jackie giggled.
"Fuck yeah," he laughed, and began his work.
He looped a long white rope around my neck. I pissed myself thinking they were going to hang me the way they had Elsie, only I was going to choke to death.
But the rope wasn't tightened. And it was only looped around my neck then down between my tits. That's when I felt the pain for the first time.
"Look at them sticking out!" Jackie said the awe in her voice unmistakable.
I began to cry, only to have Vaughn slap me across the face. "Shut the fuck up!"
I stopped crying.
"That was really for pissing yourself. This is rope bondage, not a murder scene."
"Are you all right, Deidre?" Elsie called from above me. I realized then that Elsie could look down to the floor where I lay from where she was hung, but could only see across the room.
I had no time or thought to answer her, for Vaughn was feeding the rope between my legs, forcing it into the cleft of my ass and my labia.
Jackie, working proficiently as his team member, expertly flipped me over on my stomach and Vaughn looped another rope around my waist, tightened it and tied it to the rope passing through my pussy.
Jackie used another short rope to tie my hands and wrists together then removed the leather cuffs.
When they were done, Vaughn moved me into a sitting position.
"Christ, look at those tits!" Vaughn laughed and plucked at a nipple, which I'm ashamed to say, was hard as a rock.
They left me sitting there and turned their attention to Elsie, lowering her to the ground and removed her clothing much as they had mine. She didn't resist, having learned what might happen if she had done so.
Jackie tied her wrists behind her, occasionally rubbing Elsie's ass with both the rope and her hand. Then, with Vaughn's assistance, she brought her legs up and bent them at the knee where Vaughn held them for her as she bound Elsie's ankles using the same piece of rope that kept her wrists together. It basically forced her to keep her legs at a ninety-degree angle.
After that, the two of them took a break, leaving us alone.
"Elsie, what the fuck did we get ourselves mixed up in?"
"Jesus Christ, Dee, I've never been so scared in my whole fuckin' life!"
"What can we do?" I asked, more rhetorically than anything else. After all, we were bound hand and foot, and who knew what was in store for us.
"They said they were into rope bondage," Elsie offered.
"Yeah, but what the fuck is that? I don't recall them telling us."
We found out soon enough.
They returned moments later. Jackie looked like she was stoned. (She was.)
Vaughn handed her a kind of whip, which she brandished while standing in front of Elsie. My best GF screamed even before the whip came down on her breasts. After the second lashing I saw vivid red welts to each breast. Elsie's pissed herself while screaming. I shut my eyes, knowing it would be my turn soon enough.
It turned out that the whipping did relatively little actually damage. It hurt like hell, I can attest to that, for Jackie gave me five lashes with the damn thing; but my tits were only tender to the touch for the next day or so. It was scarier than anything else.
When Jackie finished with me she got down on her knees and savagely sucked my tits and nipples until they were both standing at attention. Satisfied, she flicked them with her fingers until I started screaming again. She stopped and stood up smiling at me.
"She has tasty tits," she said, laughing.
"I bet," Vaughn replied as he pulled Elsie to her feet and laid her over his lap. He commented on her firm ass and Jackie came over and rubbed it several times before raising her hand and smacking each of Elsie's cheek with a force that had Elsie crying for mercy.
A series of red splotches soon appeared on her ass. I knew I was moments away from having mine reddened as well. Vaughn and Jackie were a real team and evidently left no stone unturned. I should tell you that at some point in my spanking I began to enjoy the pain. I didn't understand it then, and I'm not sure I do now, but I was getting into it, make no mistake about it.
Suddenly, Vaughn was slapping me across the face with a semi-hard erection.
"Open your mouth and take my cock, slut!" he barked out at me. I opened my mouth and he stuffed his cock in. He was a good eight inches and filled my mouth as he slowly and methodically slid it in and out.
Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Jackie mistreating Elsie's tits as she had mine. Moments later I had an opportunity to get a better view.
Elsie's breasts, like mine were bound with rope and were swollen and puffy from being tired so tightly. I had never seen her nipples as large as they were at the moment, and had thought of sucking on them myself. Jackie furthered my fantasy by doing exactly that, and getting Elsie to respond to the rough treatment by groaning passionately.
"She's a pretty good cocksucker," Vaughn told Jackie.
I felt myself blush with pride. What the fuck was happening to Elsie and me?
"You gonna cum on her face, Baby?" Jackie asked him.
"Probably," he answered laconically, and began pounding his meat into my mouth while holding my head firmly with both hands. Suddenly, he pulled out with a grunt and began jerking off in front of my face. It was a relief to have his big dick out of my mouth. I closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable.
I didn't have long to wait, with Jackie's breath on my cheek as she leaned in so as not to miss a thing, Vaughn jetted long, ropey streams of cum over my nose, eyes and mouth. I heard both Jackie and Elsie gasp appreciatively as he did it to me.
Up to that point in my life I hadn't thought women might actually enjoy having a guy cum on their face, or watch it happen to someone else. I'll admit it. I did enjoy it. I loved being the center of attention. I loved being the one who caused Vaughn to cum like there was no fuckin' tomorrow. Had my hands been free, I would have scooped his cum up on my fingers and swallowed it all.
Vaughn finished coming and went over to a chair and sat down. Now it was Elsie's turn. Jackie had her lay flat on her back with her arms tied behind her. She hiked up her skirt and lowered her pussy over Elsie's wide-eyed face. Now Elsie and me had done the lezzie thing a couple of times. We weren't lezzies, but it was a fun thing... a variation we used when there were no cocks available and we were horny. But this was different.
"You hear me, bitch?" Jackie snarled. "You're going to eat me out. Use that slut tongue of yours and lick my pussy until I cum. Understand?"
"Y-yes..."
"Yes, Mistress," Elsie said without stammering.
"Good."
Jackie squatted even lower, making contact with Elsie's mouth. I watched entranced as Elsie's tongue flicked out and started lapping away at the other woman's cunt. I felt my own pussy contract the moment Jackie moaned with satisfaction.
I wanted a cock in me. I risked a sneaky look at Vaughn; saw his cock rising to half staff as he watched the girls going at it.
He caught me peeking at him and laughed. Then he was up and moving toward me. In a matter of seconds he had me on the damn ceiling hook again, hanging helplessly while he maneuvered my body to within a foot or so from where Elsie was eating Jackie's pussy.
His big hands cupped my chin and brought my face to his, and he kissed me full on the mouth. For what he had just done, he was surprisingly gentle with me. His lips met mine and we opened our mouths to intertwine our tongues. I moaned against his mouth and he stroked my hair. And just as I was starting to moan happily into his mouth, I felt what had to be Jackie's tongue going to work on my clit.
I couldn't help myself. I started to leak from my pussy.
Vaughn broke off the kiss and began to untie my breasts. The moment he started squeezing them I came. I don't know if it was Jackie's munching on my nether parts, or his breast play; or even the entire night's buildup that led to my climax. But it was a powerful one, and I reveled in it.
I shut my eyes and moaned loudly. That only egged them on. Vaughn began to flick my already hard nipples with his thumbs bringing one shudder after another from me. I kept my hands still at my sides and let him have his way with my breasts. He kept squeezing them before mashing them together. His tongue snaked out and he leaned into me, licking the tight cleavage over and over again while is fingers pinched my nipples.
Jackie was fingering my cunt and sucking on my clit. And I came again.
Somewhere in there I heard Jackie moan happily and I assumed Elsie had gotten her off.
Vaughn was chewing on my nipples; Jackie had two fingers up my ass and several in my twat. Moaning and thrashing, I shuddered several times and had an earth-shattering orgasm.
Vaughn took me off the hook and let me drop to the ground. I was no longer bound and moved my arms and feet to get the blood flowing again, but made no attempt to flee.
Jackie freed Elsie and helped her to the bed where she lay down; apparently thinking she might rest for a while. But Vaughn still had his boner and he brought it over to her and flipped her face down on the bed.
"Raise your ass, bitch!" he growled, and Elsie immediately pushed her rump up in the air. He wasted no time in entering her. Elsie was already moaning with pleasure as his huge cock rammed in and out of her pussy.
I watched with morbid fascination as he squeezed her already tormented tits, leaving bruises that would serve as reminders for several weeks to come.
I could hear how slick Elsie was as the squishing sound was getting louder. Vaughn leaned over her and cupped one firm tit in his hand and squeezed it. She cried out and I felt her pain in my own breasts. But then I did the strangest thing. I started flicking my own nipples, reveling in the pain it caused me. I wound up pinching and pulling on them while watching him do essentially the same to my friend as he fucked her.
At some point during this time it occurred to me that I hadn't seen Jackie in a while. Then she was at my side wearing a black dildo'd strap-on. Instinctively I knew it was for me and I dropped down to all fours without being told.
Jackie entered me with ease. I was that wet. I was positioned so that I faced Elsie and she me. Our eyes met for a second then we both lowered our eyes, not wanting to see the other violated in this manner. I know I was getting off watching Vaughn fuck her and torment her moments before, but now that I was on the floor with Jackie's dildo pummeling my pussy, I didn't think it was so interesting anymore.
I was only kidding myself. In a matter of minutes I was gasping from Jackie's almost violent pounding into my twat, and I started to cum the moment I realized Vaughn was emptying his load into Elsie's snatch.
It took Jackie quite a while to get off fucking me. But she did and that apparently was the end of any further interest they had in us.
Vaughn asked if we wanted to shower before leaving, but we declined. Since they had cut our clothing off of us, Jackie gave us each an old dress, but no underwear.
Vaughn handed me a twenty, for cab fare, he said. Somehow I felt better after he put it that way. At least I wasn't accepting his money for having performed all those acts with them. I knew at heart I was a slut, but at least I wasn't a whore.
When we stepped out of their building, the rain had stopped. We were deciding to walk home when a cab cruised by and picked us up.
I know I mentioned how horny I was at the start of this chapter. I would add that I was chaste and didn't think about sex for the following two weeks. But then I went shopping and found this tee shirt... but that's a story for the next chapter.