Showing Myself
by Vanessa Evans
Part 3
The next morning at breakfast daddy told me that at the pub the night before everyone was getting excited about the nude barmaid that would be there on Saturday. Apparently a car load of young men from the city had arrived expecting me to be there that night. I had a little laugh but inside my pussy started tingling knowing that men were coming from the city just to see me naked.
My clothes for the day were an old tank top that was now not long enough to reach my waist. It had been washed so many times that it was now a bit threadbare. I looked in the mirror I could just see the change of colour of my areolae. The skirt that I chose was again an old one that I hadn't worn for years. It was a skater skirt that I'd worn just about every day one summer 3 or 4 years ago and when I tried it on the previous night I discovered that the elasticated waist was losing its elasticity but it still stretched enough for me to get it on.
Looking in the mirror and being happy with my looks I set off to get the school bus, waving at daddy as he reversed out of the drive. Seth and Noah were waiting on the footpath and we walked to the bus stop together.
I again sat low in my seat with my spread knees against the seat in front and my mates gave me my first 2 orgasms of the day.
In the classroom we discovered that Luke had been to see the PE teachers and discovered that not only was the gym free most of the time because the lessons were being conducted outside and we could use it whenever it was free, but also it was laid out with a circuit training course for if it rained.
I was a little disappointed because I'd been looking forward to another game of football but a circuit training course could be fun. We talked in the classroom for about an hour, one of the topics being the dress that I'd worn and how it kept coming unfastened. One of the girls said that I kept unfastening the buttons because I wanted to show myself. I denied the unfastening of the buttons which was true, but I said nothing about wanting to show myself. One prudish girl said that I should have been wearing underwear because no one wanted to see my pussy but she got shot down by the boys who all disagreed with her. One boy saying that I could walk around totally naked if I wanted to.
I did want, but a school where younger kids might see me wasn't the place to do that, not that the kids would have minded, 99% of them would have just looked and shrugged their shoulders.
Anyway, it finally got to the time that Luke said we could go to the gym so we all traipsed there, those of us who had brought our gym kit carrying it with us. We went into our respective changing rooms and I changed into what I intended to wear, an old tube top that had lost some of its elasticity and just sat on my little tits, and for a skirt I had chosen an old swimsuit cover-up that only just managed to go all the way round me. I tied it on with a single bow knowing that it would be very easy for someone to just pull on one of the strings and it would fall off leaving me bottomless.
"Are you really going wear just those?" One girl who was wearing her usual polo neck shirt and shorts asked.
"Yes, why?"
"Aren't you worried that that top will come down when you are running about?
"Naw, it isn't as if I have big tits that will bounce about when I run, mine hardly wobble."
"What about that skirt, without any knickers on it will flap about and everyone will be able to see your butt and pussy."
"Well it isn't as if they haven't see them before is it?"
Another girl, Lizzy, then joined the conversation by saying,
"Leave Leanne alone Mary, she's an exhibitionist, she gets off on people seeing her goodies."
Mary said nothing and I mouthed a 'thank you' to Lizzy. Not that I couldn't have shut Mary up on my own, I could have just flattened her if I'd wanted to.
In the gym we all got a surprise, yes there was a circuit training course a very good one, there was, push ups, bicycle crunch, sit ups, burpees, trampoline, jumping jacks, bench balance walk, wall bar climbing, rope climbing, a sprint and a vaulting box; and that's just the ones that I can remember.
Luke took charge again and he told those who didn't want to take part to go and sit round the edge of the gym then he walked the rest us round the course telling us which way to go and how many of each 'challenge' he wanted us to do. He also asked for volunteers from the non-participants to do the counting to make sure that no one cheated. He appeared to only want boys to do that job for some reason.
Then Luke asked who wanted to go first, well some of the boys wanted to show off so Luke got someone with a phone to time everyone then set one of the boys going.
It was fun watching the boys doing all the 'challenges'. Before, the girls and the boys did PE separately so we never saw the boys 'in action'. Both Seth and Noah had quite good times and I was happy that they were up there with the best.
When it came to the girl's time a couple were eager to have their turn and Luke set one of them going. Lucy had only done the bench balance walk when the boys decided to follow her round, cheering her as she went. Luke had set the number of things like sit ups the same for the girls as the boys and Lucy needed some encouragement to achieve those numbers. The only challenge that she really struggled on was the rope climbing and the boys stood at the bottom sheering her on whilst trying to look up the legs of her shorts.
When I saw them doing that I thought,
"Wait until it's my turn guys, then see if any of you don't get boners."
Lucy was good at doing the vaulting box, she sort of flew over it each of the 5 times that she had to do it. She was also good on the trampoline, easily managing to get as high as the top of the wall bars the required number of times.
The other girls went before me and they all did quite well. Then it was my turn. I intended to get one of the best times for the whole class despite only being a skinny girl as Seth sometimes calls me.
I knew that I'd be showing my butt and pussy every time that I did a floor challenge like the press ups but that didn't bother me, I just ignored the exposure and went for it. The boys, and a couple of the girls, were cheering me on.
My first wardrobe malfunction came when I was doing the jumping jacks. My tube top slid down off my tits and no one told me until I'd finished them.
Up the wall bars I climbed 3 times knowing that the boys were at the bottom looking up my little skirt. Then I flew over the vaulting box 5 times, running back round to do it again and again.
Next was the rope climbing, it was quite a long way up and even a couple of boys hadn't made it to the top and incurred a time penalty, so had the girls that went before me but I was determined that I was going to make it to the top, after all, I'd climbed hundreds of trees.
Anyway, just after I got started I had a wardrobe malfunction, well 2 actually. The first was that the bow holding my skirt up came undone and the skirt fluttered down to the waiting hands of the boys who were looking at my bare butt, then just after I'd tagged the metal ring at the top of the rope and I started coming down, my chest was against the rope and when I slid down a little my tube top didn't slide down as quick as my body and it went up to my armpits leaving my little tits exposed.
Down I came with a mixture of hand under hand and sliding and I discovered that knobbly rope was rubbing against my clit. Oh my gawd, I nearly had an orgasm just sliding down that rope.
When I got to the bottom and on my feet I just set off running to the trampoline with nothing covering my body from above my tits down to my ankles. Up I climbed and started bouncing. I always loved the trampoline and we used to have a little one in the back garden and I started to show how good I was at it. As I went up I the air I spread my legs wide and touched my knees. I did that 5 times, much to the delight of the boys stood looking up at me, then one of the girls shouted me to stop, telling me that I'd got the height more than the require number of times.
I swore, killed the bounce I was about to start and climbed off. I just had to sprint to the other end of the gym and I would finish.
I tagged the wall then looked for Luke for my time whilst I was still bent over my hands on my knees as I got my breath back. Noah and a couple of other boys came up behind me and Noah gave me my skirt which I casually fastened around me.
"Tits." Was all Noah needed to say for me to look down then pull my tube top back down to cover my tits, much to the disappointment of most of the boys who had gathered around me.
I was really happy, and I threw my arms up in the air when Luke told me that I had the third fasted time of everyone, including most of the boys.
I got a couple of comments from other girls about me running around virtually naked but neither was derogatory, not that I would have cared if they were.
After that it was the rest of the girls turn. Of course none of them were as revealing as my turn but the boys still followed them round and cheered them on.
When all that wanted a go had done so everyone decided that they'd had enough of that for one day and those in PE kit went to shower and change. As I was showering I thought about my last shower with my dad watching me and it made my pussy tingle.
After lunch, in fact for the rest of the day everyone was just sitting around talking, although Seth and Noah later told me that some of the talk was about my little naked session. I wondered how I could get into a situation where I was the only girl with all the boys and I was naked.
The bus home was again Seth and Noah rubbing my clit and them both bringing me to an orgasm.
When we got to my house I told them that I wanted give them both blowjobs. Noah wanted to fuck me so we compromised. I got down on my hands and knee, Noah fucked me from behind and I gave Seth both his and my first blowjob. It wasn't that great but with me doing what I thought I should be doing, and Seth telling me what he liked, we got through it even if Seth didn't cum. Noah cumming in my pussy sort of killed it off and Seth told me that he was going to look on the internet to get some ideas so that we could do it properly the next time.
Noah and Seth swapped ends and Seth's properly fucking me made me cum. At my other end, I managed to suck Noah's cock until it got hard but I couldn't get him to cum. We all decided that we needed more practice at blowjobs.
Daddy came home a bit early and nearly caught us but both guys managed to get dressed before daddy got round the back of the house. That was the first time that daddy had seen me naked with Seth and Noah standing near me and I wondered what he was thinking although he never said anything other than hello.
I had another early night thinking about my little naked episode at school and fingered myself to an orgasm before going to sleep.
*****
On the Thursday I wore another old summer dress, again really too short and tight for me but I managed to get it buttoned up so I has happy. After 2 orgasms on the bus we arrived at school and congregated in the sixth form building. About mid morning one of our teachers came and talked about the Leaver's Ball. None of what he said was unexpected, even the strong reminder that there was to be no alcohol brought to the event.
Then he surprised us by telling us that we could go home early using the excuse that he wanted to give the us plenty of time to get ready. Stupid as that was no one was complaining and outside the building the girls who were going to strip down to bikinis just after the ball started, got together to confirm our plan and to make sure that no one was going to chicken out.
One of the girls asked if I was going to strip naked but I said not, that I would be wearing the same painted bikini that I had on the Monday.
Getting let out early is okay for kids who live locally but for those who travel on school buses it presents a problem. We had a choice of hanging around the school, walking into town and catching a public service bus, or hanging around out of school then going back to school to catch the school bus home. As none of us 3 had enough money on us to both get some lunch and catch one of the infrequent public service buses, and we didn't want to stay at school, we chose the third option, we left the school and headed to a public park that Seth knew of.
The park turned out to be quite big and close to a few big office blocks. We went to a grassy area near on of the entrances and decided to relax in the sun and do some people watching, the office workers coming out for their lunch.
Sitting on the grass soon became laying on the grass with our knees bent and us resting on our elbows. Even sitting on the grass meant that anyone walking along the path just in front of us would be able to see up my bald pubes as my dress didn't even reach my mid thighs, but when we lay back we had our knees bent and our feet flat on the grass near our butts which meant that my dress didn't even cover my bald pubes. Now I wanted to see behind my knees so I kept them apart which meant that all of my slightly spread pussy was on display to people walking passed.
We watched the people, especially the ones who looked over towards us and my pussy started tingling when I saw someone looking at it.
After a while Seth said that I might get more people staring if I wasn't looking at them. He told me to get off my elbows and just look up at the sky and they would tell me when someone was looking at me. This got more people staring but he had another idea. He told Noah to get flat on his back and when he did Seth got up and moved a few metres away so that it looked like he wasn't with Noah and me.
Noah and I just lay looking up at the sky, both with our knees up and me with them well apart. Whenever Seth saw a man staring at me Seth loudly said the word 'sunshine'. That was my cue to open my knees wider and giving the voyeur an even better look. Seth also told me that if he loudly said, 'rain', then I should close my knees, drop my legs and cross them so that my pussy was hidden.
All with me not even able to see the voyeur.
That worked great and Seth later told me that seven men had stopped walking and stared at my pussy, one even getting his phone out and taking a photograph. As Seth told me that my pussy really started to tingle.
When the number of walkers decreased Noah said that he was hungry so we checked our money and went to a McDonalds that we'd walked passed. There I discovered the fun that can be had in a place like that with no tablecloths to act as a modesty board. We sat on a long wall seat, me with my knees spread, to eat. I was surprised at the number of men who came and sat at the tables opposite facing me and able to see my pussy. It was easy for me to turn my head to face Seth or Noah and watch the men through my peripheral vision.
We stayed there for ages as men came and went. I lost count of the number of men that I thought had had a good look at my pussy. When we finally left Seth told me that we should have sat at one of the outside tables so that I could position myself so that people walking along the street would have been able to see my pussy.
As we walked back to school I told Noah and Seth that I really grateful to them for helping me to show my pussy to strangers. Noah replied saying that the payback would be during the holidays when him and Seth would be fucking me all the time.
"Anytime you want guys." I replied, "but at least twice a day, each."
We got back to school in time to get the school bus home and as Seth was rubbing my clit Noah asked if we realised that that was the last time that we'd ever get on that school bus. At that time I was too near cumming that I didn't even think about it.
Noah had made me cum as well before the bus arrived in our village and just as it was slowing down I had a crazy idea. I climbed over Noah and in the aisle I quickly unbuttoned my dress, pulled it off, threw it to Seth and walked down the aisle to the front totally naked. As the driver came to a stop he looked in his interior mirror, saw me and said,
"Fucking hell Leanne."
"I don't suppose that I'll see you again so this is my parting gift to thank you for taking us to school every day."
As I'd been talking I'd turned to let him get a full frontal view. I bent over and kissed his cheek then said,
"You may want to come to the village pub on a Friday or Saturday evening over the summer."
I then got off the bus. I turned to face the driver as the other kids got off and I heard the driver ask Seth what was on a Friday and Saturday evening.
"She's going to be working there like that mate." Seth replied.
The other kids who got off the bus just stared at me like I was some sort of freak but I didn't care.
In my back garden I got on my hands and knees while the guys fucked both my pussy and my mouth at the same time. I wasn't happy with my mouth job on either guy and I told them that I needed more practice. Both said that they were happy to help, but not right then.
Over tea with dad, I told him that I didn't have to go to school again apart from the Leaver's Ball and he said that he was sad. Me going to school had been a big thing in his life for years and he was both sad that it was over and happy that I was a big girl now and about to go out into the big wide world.
Trying to lighten the mood a little I cupped my tits and said,
"I'm not that big daddy."
"They are beautiful Leanne and I'm sure that they will give you a lot of pleasure throughout your life."
"You could give them some pleasure right now daddy."
"Don't go there Leanne."
"Sorry daddy, you need to get yourself a girlfriend, someone to share the house and your life when I've moved out."
"I know Lea, I'll start looking."
"You didn't need to wait until I'd moved out dad, I would have happily shared you."
"No, you are the main focus of my life until you move out Lea."
"I love you daddy."
"And I love you too Leanne."
After tea dad and I watched a couple of movies. I sat next to him on the sofa with my head on his chest, Dad had his arm round me and his hand on my chest below my tits. He could easily have moved his hand up and played with my tits but he didn't.
I had to give myself some relief before I went to sleep.
*****
The next morning was a little strange. I was getting daddy's breakfast knowing that I didn't have to rush to go to school ever again. I watched a couple of the younger kids walk passed on their way to the bus stop and thought that I would miss going to school, especially the orgasms that Noah and Seth had started giving me on the school bus.
Normally by that time I would have been showered, dressed and ready to leave when I waved daddy off but that day I just stood in the kitchen to wave to him.
Daddy on his way to work I went to the bathroom. I'd just finished on the toilet when Noah and Seth walked in.
"Why don't you shower outside Lea?" Seth asked. "That way it's easier for us to watch you, more space."
"Good idea mate, I'll just clean my teeth then grab my stuff. Got any plans for the day? I'll have to get cleaned up and over to Mike Barlow's place by late afternoon for my paint job."
Noah and Seth sat on the grass and watched me as I showered. I paid lots of attention to my tits and pussy and as I was cleaning around my clit Seth said,
"Do you want to practice giving blowjobs Lea?"
"Sure, just wait 'till I'm done here."
I rushed the rest of my shower then told my mates to get their cocks out.
The previous night when I'd been giving myself some relief I'd watch a couple of videos on how to give the best blowjob and I was eager to put into practice what I had seen.
When Seth dropped his shorts I saw that he had no undies on so I said,
"Come ready for action Seth?"
"Yeah, one less thing to worry about."
As I knelt in front of Seth I looked up to his face and smiled. Then I took hold of his cock at the base and started moving my hand up and down a bit. Then I stuck my tongue out and licked the small amount of pre-cum that had already escaped. Then I licked all around the head and put my lips over the tip and sucked.
One hand was still round the base of his cock I moved the other hand to his balls.
Seth moaned and I looked up to his face again. His eyes were closed and his mouth slightly open.
Pushing my mouth further over his cock I felt the tip touch my tonsils. It was my turn to moan and as I did so my head went further onto his cock and I licked and sucked.
"Relax." I told myself, "I can push Seth back if he suddenly pulls my head further onto him."
He didn't but I did. I came up for air then went down again so that the tip of his cock was passed my tonsils and well into my throat. I stayed like that until I needed air then came up, looked at his face, took a deep breath and lowered my head.
Then I did it again, and again. Each time I felt my saliva coming out of my mouth and dribbling down onto my chest.
The next time that I went down I felt his cock twitch then the first squirt of his warm cum go down my throat. I backed off until just the tip of his cock was in my mouth and felt squirt after squirt fill my mouth.
Remembering what I'd seen on the videos I held his cum in my mouth until his last squirt added to the pile in my mouth then I backed off and looked up with my mouth wide open.
"Good girl." Seth said when he looked down at me. I swallowed then showed him my empty mouth.
"Fucking hell Lea," Seth said, "where the hell did you learn to do that?"
"On the internet." I replied.
"I'm so happy that they finally got round to connecting the village." Seth replied.
"My turn." Noah said.
"Before you fuck my mouth can you get me a drink of water and some kitchen towel please Noah?"
Like a flash Noah was in the house then back out. I had a drink first then used the paper towel to wipe my face and chest before saying,
"Let's do it."
We, well I, did, I used the same strategy as with Seth and it worked just as well. I showed Noah his cum before swallowing it and he looked as happy as I felt.
I again had to use some paper towel to clean my chest and face. That's the only part of letting a cock go into my throat that I don't like. Maybe I should just keep the cock in my mouth so that I can control where the saliva goes.
Once we were all sort of back to normal and just sat on the grass, I said,
"Okay guys, I've done oral sex on you so how about you do it to me?"
"You haven't got a cock Lea, oh, that was a bit stupid, you want us to lick and suck your pussy?" Noah said.
"Yep, so will you do it?"
"Of course we will Lea, you're a mate, and a girl." Noah replied.
Seth looked at me and we both smiled. We didn't need to say that we were both thinking,
"You're so stupid at times Noah."
"Seth got the first blowjob so you get to eat my pussy first Noah." I said as I spread my legs as wide as I could.
"You've got a nice pussy Lea." Noah said as his head got closer and closer to my pussy.
"Have you seen any videos of guys or girls eating pussy Noah?" I asked.
"Yes."
"Good, I'll tell you what I like as you go."
"You're pussy doesn't smell like I've read some girls do." Noah said.
"I'm pleased to hear that Noah." I replied just as he started licking up my slit which was already spread.
"Oh fuck, that's nicer than I expected." I said.
Then Noah found my clit.
"Chew it Noah and if you bite it I'll beat the crap out of you."
By that time I just knew that Noah had watch some videos and learnt from them. Up and down my slit he licked and each time that he got to the top he'd suck and chew my clit for a few seconds then he'd lick my slit again.
After a few minutes I gasped as he added pushing his tongue into my hole to the other things that he was doing to me.
It only took a few minutes for me to be clawing at the grass and shouting,
"OH FUCK! I'M GONNA CUM, I'M GONNA CUM."
And I did. I was my most intense orgasm ever, my body shaking and jerking as wave after wave of intense pleasure rode over me, and all the time Noah kept going. Finally the last wave dispersed and I just lay there totally sated and spent.
"Oh my gawd, what was awesome. I never thought that it would be that good." I finally said.
"My turn." Seth said.
"No." I replied, "I need a rest."
I looked at Noah and his face looked like he was the cat that got the cream. Then I looked at Seth.
"Just give me a minute please Seth, that pratt has drained me."
I lay there with my legs still wide open letting my pussy recover along with the rest of my body. About 5 minutes later I said,
"Come on Seth, do your best."
And he did, the 2 of them must have been watching the same videos as well as Seth watching Noah torture my pussy because he was just as good if not slightly better because he kept going right through my first and second orgasm.
Seth moved away leaving me very happy and very knackered.
After a long rest Seth said that he needed a drink.
"How about an ice cream?" Noah asked.
We all liked that idea but I said that we didn't have any in the freezer.
"Then we'll go to the shop and buy some." Seth said.
We got to our feet and set off with me still totally naked.
As we approached the little village shop I said,
"Shit, I haven't got any money on me, not that I have anywhere to keep it."
"I'll treat you Lea." Seth replied.
Drew Grey has been running the village shop for centuries and when I walked in I saw his eyes light up.
"Morning," Drew said, "no school today? No clothes either I see Lea, I heard that you've decided to become a naturist for the summer, well done. I hope that you'll be coming to buy something from me every day."
"I'll try to Drew. Did you hear that I'll be working in the pub on a Friday and Saturday evening starting tomorrow."
"I did, it looks like I'll be shutting early and going to the pub 2 nights a week this summer."
"I'll happily bring your drinks over to you Drew."
"Thank you Lea, your father brought you up well."
We got our ice creams, paid and were just leaving when old Mrs. Johnson walked in. When she saw me she just said,
"Oh to be young again." and walked passed me.
I wondered what she got up to when she was my age.
From the shop we just wandered around the village eating the ice creams and then just talking. We played a bit of a guessing game as to which girls would be wearing skimpy bikinis and which ones would be wearing heavy duty ones that may as well have been a one-piece. We had a bit of a laugh suggesting names, but none of us thought that any of the girls would be wearing one as skimpy as me. That sort of pleased me because it meant that the boys would be staring at me.
As we wandered around the village we say a few people going about their business and we got a few hello's and a few waves. No one seemed to care about my lack of clothes. Even Ben at the pub just said hello and told me not to forget the Saturday evening. That was absolutely impossible, even him mentioning it made my pussy tingle.
On the way back to my house we stopped at Seth's house to grab a snack. His mother was there and she wasn't at all phased by my nudity, in fact she said that she might join me, much to Seth's displeasure.
Walking back to my house I suggested that we try a 69 to hopefully make me cum at the same time as one of them. Noah said that he just wanted to fuck me but I said not because I didn't know for how long after I'd got 2 loads of cum squirted up me it would still be leaking out of me and I didn't want that to happen at the Leaver's Ball.
Then Noah joked with Seth saying that when it was his turn to 69 with me he should imaging that I was his naked mother. I thought that Seth was going to either throw-up or thump Noah.
Seth watched Noah and me having our first 69. I insisted that I be on top because I didn't want Noah to collapse down on me when his cock was in my throat. That may have been a good idea because he did go all limp when he started filling my mouth with his cum. I tried to swallow as much as I could but lots of it went all over my face and his stomach, him have gotten as naked as me before we started.
My orgasm was good, but not as intense as the previous 2 that morning. Noah had an outdoor shower while Seth and I had his first 69. Again I only managed to swallow some of his cum and my orgasm wasn't that intense.
As I watched Seth have a shower and enjoyed watching him wash his cock I wondered what it would be like to have a cock and balls that looked like they would be getting in the way all the time. I guessed that it must be quite uncomfortable a lot of the time.
As we were talking I told the guys that although I'd loved every way that we'd had any sort of sex for far it was when I was being fucked doggy style and at the same time the other one of them was fucking my mouth that I liked the most.
When it came time to start getting ready for the Leaver's Ball I realised that the teacher had been right, us girls did need a lot of time although I doubted that any of the other girls would be having a bikini painted on them. My first task was to have the 3 S's. I went upstairs for the first S then brought down my shampoo, soap and shaving kit. Seth and Noah watched as I got myself clean and hair free below my neck under the outside shower.
Then it was down the road a bit to get Mike Barlow to work his magic on me.
"Mike," I said, "can you add something to the paint that will mean that it only stays on for a few hours? I need it all off me before tomorrow evening because I'll be working in the pub and I have to be paint free."
"Hmm. Yes I heard that you'd got a job, now let me think."
Mike went off into his garage and came back with a tin of some watery looking liquid. Then he tipped some of the paint into am empty jar, added some of the watery liquid and said,
"This should give you what you want Leanne."
"And can you make both the top and bottom a bit smaller than the last time please?"
Seth and Noah went into Mike's house and came out with 3 chairs as Mike started on my tits. He was smiling as he started painting my tits. I looked down and they didn't look as black as the last time, in fact they looked quite like the see-through bra and thong that I had bought. What's more the paint looked to be drying quicker and if felt thinner, more flexible. Not that the last times bikini felt thick or rigid, I forgot that it was there most of the time.
Bikini top done Mike asked me to climb up onto the chairs which Seth and placed quite far apart. When Mike started painting my pubes I asked him not to paint my slit or clit telling him that the last lot came off so quick that it wasn't worth putting any on.
"That's a shame Leanne, I enjoyed painting you there, watching your clitoris grow and harden."
"Tell you what Mike, do all the rest then after you've cleaned the brush you can use the clean brush to paint there with nothing, but I warn you Mike, those parts may need a few coats of nothing, or instead of using the brush you could finger paint me with nothing, but if you do that I will need nothing finger painting on the inside of me."
Mike smiled knowing that I had just given him permission finger fuck me whilst I stood on those 2 chairs. I just hoped that Seth and Noah would be close by in case Mike did such a good job that my legs turned to jelly and I fell to the ground.
Twenty minutes later a clean brush and clean fingers were painting my slit, clit and inside my hole with nothing but my natural juices. Mike's talent wasn't just restricted to his use of a paint brush and before long I was cumming on his hand whilst Seth and Noah stopped me from falling off the chairs.
It was a very relaxed and happy Leanne who walked back to her house on her own, Seth and Noah having headed to their own homes.
After saying hello, the first thing that dad said was,
"You're bikini has shrunk and got more see-through Lea, are you sure that you want to go to the Ball like that?"
"I'm not going like this, I'm going to wear my school uniform on top of it."
"That sounds a bit boring, so why the paint job?"
"Just in case I have a problem with the uniform."
"Knowing the way you are at the moment Lea I'm guessing you will definitely have a problem with your uniform. Okay Lea but don't go getting into any trouble, I don't want to have to come and bail you out of jail."
"You won't dad, trust me."
After eating it was time to finish getting ready and when I walked out of my room dad asked me if I was off to another boring day at school.
The limo driver was a perfect chauffeur, opening the door and calling us sir and madam and it felt strange and good being in there as we started moving. Then the chauffeur's voice came over the intercom telling us the bar was included in the cost of the limo.
Before long I was having some liquid courage, not that I needed it, and all too soon we were in a queue of limos waiting to get into the school's staff car park. It was talking a while because the car park and road weren't designed with limos in mind.
One of the teachers was waiting to greet us when we got out of the limo and he looked disappointed when he saw that I was wearing my school uniform. I looked over to where everyone was waiting for the photographs to be taken and saw quite a few girls school uniforms.
We all stood around waiting until the teacher thought that everyone was there then he handed us over to the photographer who organised us then took a few photographs. After that when we were all going inside one of the girls went up to him and told him not to disappear because she was sure that he'd want to take some more in about 10 minutes.
Then it was the head teacher who gave a little speech about how well we'd all done, that he was proud of us and he wished us all good look for our futures. Once that was out of the way the lights went down a little and the music started.
At first no one started dancing but that soon changed as all 11 of us girls in school uniform went and started dancing. The start of the second track was our cue to start stripping and that's exactly what we did. Some looking like they were professional strippers and some just boringly taking their skirts and blouses off.
Me, I went and stood in front of the DJ and slowly peeled my blouse off letting him get glances of what was to come, then slowly easing my skirt down, teasing him with a view of my butt with the paint thong string up the back, then turning around to let him see my painted pubes. I deliberately kept my legs closed not wanting him to realise so soon that I was only wearing paint and that my pussy wasn't painted.
Unsurprisingly, all the boys there where shouting and cheering and I saw a couple of teachers watching us, presumably to make sure that we didn't go beyond our bikinis. I was pleased to see that I wasn't the only one wearing a thong bottoms, there were 3 sets of butt cheeks on display.
We all danced to the end of the track then we all went outside again hoping that the photographer hadn't disappeared. He hadn't and he had a big grin on his face when he saw us.
At this stage I deliberately stayed in the middle of the gang of girls, wanting the teachers to get used to there being 11 bikini clad girls there before I chose to go and bid farewell to each male teacher individually and let them get a close-up view of me and realised that my bikini was just paint.
Photographs, not only from the official photographer, but also probably every other person there who had their phones with them. Seth had mine. Photographs over, we all went back inside and started partying.
Again I deliberately kept away from the teachers with Seth and Noah keeping a lookout for me.
The food wasn't that great but it was enough to try to soak up the alcohol drinks that someone had sneaked in and spiked the punch with and the evening was actually going quite well.
Quite a few of the boys started coming up to me and asking me to dance or just to talk to me. I knew exactly why and didn't discourage them. The brave ones even asked if they could take photos and selfies with me which I was happy to oblige.
At one point I asked Seth if he could see my clit and he replied,
"Hell yeah, it's obvious that your are enjoying this Lea."
I was, my pussy and rock hard nipples had been tingling ever since I stripped.
Eventually it got to the time where I wanted to find the teachers that I wanted to say goodbye to. I tweaked my already rock hard nipples and rubbed around my areolae and was pleased to see that some of the paint was coming off. There was little pink patches in the black paint job.
The first teacher that I went up to was Mr. Wright. I chose him because he was stood under a bright light.
"Leanne, what the blue blazers are you wearing, or should I say not wearing. You shouldn't be like that here."
"Oh come on Mr. Wright, I've been like this all evening and no one has complained. I can recommend a good artist if your wife wants to get a bikini like mine."
"You do realise that I could discipline you for being naked in school Leanne?"
"But you won't sir I officially left school this afternoon, I'm not a pupil here any more, and besides, you like looking at me like this don't you sir?"
As I said that last bit I looked down to the bulge in the front of his trousers and he saw me looking.
"It's a good job that you have officially left Leanne, but I could still ask you to leave school property."
"What's the point sir? The evening is coming to an end and I will be leaving just after I've said goodbye to the other teachers.
I went to each of my teachers, even the women ones and got a similar reaction from them although the women weren't quite as pleasant, not that it bothered me. I asked a couple of the young male teachers if they knew of the pub in my village and if they said that they did I suggested that they might like to visit it on a Friday or Saturday over the Summer. When they asked why I told them that I'd be working there without the paint.
I got the Impression that Ben's takings would be getting a boost on those 2 nights each week.
It finally came time to say goodbye to everyone and everyone was hugging everyone else and promising to keep in touch. The thing was, as I hugged everyone my tits were rubbing against their chests and more and more of the paint was getting rubbed off. A couple of the guys took the fact that I was just about naked as my permission for them to have a little grope of my butt and tits.
I know that a lot of girls would have got offended and possibly even gone to the police to accuse the boys of sexual assault but not me, I was loving it. I also saw some of the other bikini clad girls get groped and they too didn't seem at all upset by it.
Seth, Noah and me looked for our limo in the line of about 7 or 9 of them and with Seth carrying my school skirt and blouse we walked along the line of them with the drivers all having a good look at the just about naked girl walking passed them.
Our driver managed to keep a straight face as he opened the door for us but he was stood behind me as I bent over to climb in.
When the limo got to my house I asked Noah and Seth to get out there and as the limo drove off I told my mates that I needed fucking right there and then, and they did, out on the main street through the village. Admittedly it was the middle of the night but we all felt a little naughty.
*****