The second thing I noticed about her was her thick chestnut hair tumbling over her shoulders and down her back. Then I became aware of her sparkling green eyes and warm, inviting smile. But first I noticed her breasts which seemed to be softly exploding from beneath her white silk blouse. She wasn't huge like some silicon stripper, but she was definitely well endowed; and by the way she packaged herself, she appeared to be both well aware of and quite comfortable with her sexuality.
She was sitting in seat 4A, the last row of first class on a flight from Seattle to San Francisco. My seat was 4B, on the isle to her right.
As I settled into my seat, she crossed her legs, exposing a long expanse of stocking, with just a hint of the tops of her stockings peeking through the slit in her long, beige, button up skirt. Thinking to myself about the delightful trip awaiting me, I smiled and introduced myself with my trite but standard airplane opener, "Headed out or headed home?"
"Out," she replied. "My name's Julia," she continued, her warm smile melting my normal inhibitions.
"David; and I am on the way out, too," I said, returning her smile.
"Business or pleasure?" she asked.
"Pleasurable business, I hope. And you?"
"I try to mix them. It makes both so much more interesting, don't you think?"
Quite intrigued, I made it a point to openly look her over. I could feel her eyes following mine, drinking in my appreciation in silent gulps.
Just then, the flight attendant started into the preflight announcements, and both Julia and I paused to fasten our seat belts. As she twisted in her seat to find the end of her seat belt, she leaned towards me and reached across herself with her left hand to pull on her seat belt. Since I was twisting to my left for the same reasons, our combined put my head quite close to and directly above her ample and somewhat exposed chest, and I had a glimpse deep into her cleavage. I had a good, but momentary view of her sheer, light tan lacy bra and the well rounded melons straining to be free. I had no idea how soon they would find their freedom.
As I stared down her cleavage, I could feel her eyes on me. I looked up to see her face only inches from mine, and she winked at me. A smile took on a slightly mischievous twist as I realized that she not only knew I had been ogling her boobs, but she had planned it!
As I smiled back, she asked, "like them?"
Somewhat stunned by her directness, I stammered for a moment, and then replied, "What I could see of them looked delightful."
As I was wondering how far this would go, the plane started its taxi down to the runway and the flight attendants continued their narrated pantomime explaining what we should do "in the unlikely event of a water landing" as if landing on water was actually possible for a 737.
As our plane accelerated down the runway, we were pressed back into our seats, and Julia looked out the window. We were taking off to the South, into the prevailing southerly winds, and given that it was a rare beautiful clear day in Seattle, I wondered if the pilot would give us a good view of Mt. Rainier.
I didn't have to wait very long before the pilot's voice came over the intercom announcing that the people on the left side of the plane would get a good view of "The Mountain" as we passed close to its 14,000 foot peak.
As I leaned over slightly to get a look, Julia leaned back so I could see the mountain better. She was making a comment about the glaciers on the top when we hit a small patch of clear air turbulence and she was bounced upwards, her boobs almost colliding with my chin.
As I pulled back, she laughed and said, "You don't need to be in such a hurry!"
I wasn't exactly sure what she meant, but I had my suspicions, as I noticed something I had missed before. Her nipples were clearly visible as they pressed through her bra and the thin fabric of her buttoned blouse.
Our conversation shifted to small talk about Seattle, our jobs (she was a public relations consultant for a small firm in Seattle), and our interests (we both like backpacking and camping).
The flight attendant served us our drinks, and the pilot announced that he was turning off the seat belt sign and we were free to walk about the cabin. Julia leaned close to me and asked to be excused so she could visit the rest room.
As I unfastened my seat belt, stood up and moved into the isle, I watched her uncoil herself from her seat. She stood up, she put her right leg well towards me and the slit in her skirt opened up to the point where I could clearly see the top of her stocking on her right leg, and even some naked flesh above the stocking.
As she moved past me, she put her hand on my arm and gave me a gentle squeeze as if to say, "I'll be back soon."
And she was. But something was different. It took me only a moment to figure it out. When she left, her bra had been clearly visible through the fabric of her blouse, but now I could see no sign of a bra. But I could clearly see the lines of her breasts, and her nipples were even more pronounced.
Taking what I felt was only a small risk, I said to her, "Somehow I feel like I can see you better now. How could that be?"
Her smile, this time, was quite devilish as she replied, "And how do you feel about seeing me better?"
"That's hard to say, and getting harder," I replied, as I felt my erection growing. I followed her eyes as she looked towards my lap and cocked her head coyly and said, "My, my. Did
I do that to you?"
She crossed her legs again, and I noticed that she had unbuttoned at least two more of the many buttons up the front of her skirt, giving me an even better view of her lovely legs.
I leaned back in my seat and forced my eyes off her body and looked directly into her eyes. It was time to up the ante. "My favorite sexual fantasies are watching my woman expose herself in public and having public sex with her. Are they yours, too?"
Rather than respond orally, she smiled with her eyes and I watched as her right hand unfastened a button on her blouse, giving me an even better view of her breasts. I had my answer.
"Do you do this often?" I asked her, feeling the need to push the edge of the envelope.
"Not often enough, but I've had some practice."
"Since we're trapped in this plane for the next hour or so, would you like to tell me about some of your favorite experiences, or just get naked and fuck?"
"My, aren't we Mr. Direct? Don't I shock you? Aren't you scared?"
"Surprised. Pleasantly delighted is more like it for me. And no, you don't shock me. You titillate me."
"Puns, too. This is too much. You deserve another button. Top or bottom?"
"Your pick," I replied with a wide smile.
As she casually unbuttoned yet another button on her blouse, and her cleavage grew to resemble a miniature Grand Canyon, she responded, "So you would like to hear about some of my experiences, eh? Or would you rather have one with me?"
"I thought I was having one right now."
"No, darling, you haven't seen anything yet. Where are you staying?"
I told her the name I was staying at the Fairmont and she looked at me with surprise and said, "Me, too! Isn't it a grand hotel?"
"Yes, I kind of like it. It passes most of my hotel tests."
"Hotel tests?"
"Well, I travel so much that I have developed a very quick way of assessing the quality of a hotel. When I walk into the room I look for three things. First, I count the number of phones. There should be one by the bed, one by the desk and one in the bathroom. If there aren't three phones, I knock off a point. Then I look at the location of the desk and the television. If I can't sit at the desk and work while also watching the TV, they loose a point. And finally, if the pillows on the bed don't include at least one soft feather pillow, I knock off another point. Everyone starts with five points. I knock off a point if I have any problems checking in, so It's possible to go from five to one pretty quick. The final point depends on the quality of room service."
"That's a pretty simple system. I like it. So, does the Fairmont rate a 5?"
"It did the last time I stayed there."
"Well, David, it looks like we're going to have an interesting ride to the hotel together."
By the time the plane started to descend into San Francisco, she had unbuttoned two more buttons on her dress and one more on her blouse, and was getting some pretty interesting looks from the flight attendant and even some of the other passengers. But this didn't appear to faze her at all.
As the plane landed, I expected her to Button up again, but se didn't. Instead, she asked, "Will you help me get my bag down?"
"Sure," I replied and got her small garment bag down from the overhead compartment. As we left the plane, I carried her bag over my shoulder and my two bags in my left hand. She put her left arm around my waist and reached up to give me a kiss. As I stopped to savor her kiss, she turned to face me, and her right hand reached between my legs and started stroking my still stiff member. We were standing in the middle of the concourse with passengers streaming around us as I felt her hand unzip my fly and reach inside my pants.
I pulled her close to me and kissed her harder, then broke the kiss and told her, "I don't want to get arrested yet, so help me put it away for the moment, won't you?"
She smiled, and with both hands, tucked my cock back into my pants and zipped my fly back up, then turned, grabbed my hand in hers and started down the concourse saying, "I can't wait until we get into the taxi, can you?"
Not knowing exactly what to expect, but with my suspicions growing, I eagerly followed her through the airport and out to the waiting line of taxis.
We dumped our luggage into the trunk, and then jumped into the cab, telling the driver our destination. As we took off, she turned and kissed me again, and started to unbutton the remaining buttons on her blouse. In moments, I was staring at her naked chest with those wonderful mountains of happiness and peaks of pleasure before me.
As I reached down to kiss her rigid nipples, she turned around and leaned her back into me, exposing herself to the driver and to anyone else who happened to look into the cab. The driver noticed immediately, and I could see his eyes grow in the rear view mirror. But he was smart enough not to say anything. At least, not yet.
As I wrapped my hands around her breasts and started exploring them, she reached down to her skirt and slowly unbuttoned the remaining buttons. In moments, her skirt fell open revealing her stockings and garter belt. And nothing else.
First her hands, then mine, moved towards her pussy and started playing. In moments, we were both masturbating her and she spread her legs widely apart, and in clear view of the driver.
By this point, the driver was spending more than half his time looking in the rear view mirror, and on highway 101 in San Francisco, that can be dangerous.
I was about to say something to him, but Julia beat me to it and said, "If you don't keep your eyes on the road, I'll have to stop pleasuring my lover, and I'll be angry with you. Then I won't be able to reward you. You want your reward, don't you?"
I almost laughed as I saw his eyes snap to the road and I heard him say, "I'm very sorry, ma'am. I would love a reward."
"Well, then, just get us to the hotel safely and you'll get your reward," she said, then turned to me and unzipped my fly again. This time, I didn't try to dissuade her.
First, she wrapped her lips, then her whole mouth, around my cock. But only for a few moments. "Fuck me, quick!" she said as her head came out of my lap and she straddled me.
And from South San Francisco all the way into the heart of town, in broad day light, we fucked like teen-agers in the back of that cab.
As we neared the hotel, she buttoned up her blouse and put her skirt back on, and then she told the driver to pull over to the side of the road for a moment. She hopped into the front seat with him, and told him to turn off the meter and keep driving. He stuttered for a moment about the possibility of getting fired if he got caught with the meter off, but she looked at him and said, "Well, if you don't want your reward, that's OK with me, but I'm not going to pay you while I'm giving it to you. Your call."
It took him all of two seconds to make up his mind and suspend the incessant ticking of the meter. And then it was Julia's turn.
"Unzip your pants and take your cock out," she told him, "but don't take your eye's off me." Sitting in the back seat, I could hear, but not see what was happening; but the sound of his fly coming unzipped was a clear indication that Julia's words were being well attended to.
"Now look at my breasts," she said, "and start pounding your meat. Do you like my boobs? Are they big enough for you?"
"Lady, they're beautiful. Can I suck your nipples?"
"Sorry, but this is show and tell time. I show you mine and tell you what to do with yours. Beat it faster."
I could hear him pounding his prong while I listened to Julia's instructions. It was strangely erotic. She was completely in command. He would do whatever she told him to do.
"Now follow my hand as I reach down and start playing with my pussy," she said. "Are you getting hot yet?"
I saw him nod his head vigorously.
"Are you close to coming?"
"Any moment, now."
"Good. See me play with my clit. Isn't it pretty? I'm getting so hot watching you beat your meat. I can't wait until you start coming."
"Well, your wait is over, because here goes," he groaned. He threw his head back, and after a few more rapid arm motions, he stopped, suspended in his own bliss.
Julia opened the cab door, her blouse wide open and her skirt split almost to her waist, and got into the back seat with me.
"When you're ready, you can drop us off at the hotel," she told him.
As the cab pulled into the Fairmont hotel's opulent courtyard, Julia buttoned her blouse and skirt, but only enough to keep from causing too much of her to be on display too quickly.
We paid the cab driver, and walked into the hotel lobby. "Two rooms or one," she asked.
I thought about it for about 3 nanoseconds, and said, "One sounds like fun, doesn't it?"
Her head tilted as she looked out the corner of her eyes to me and said, "my, but you're quick with the puns."
"You're pretty quick yourself," I responded, letting her count the meanings.
We checked in and proceeded to our room, with the bellman following at our heels. As we rode up in the elevator, she started unbuttoning her blouse again. The elevator was loaded with mirrors, so even though the bellman was standing behind us, I'm sure he could see what was happening.
As we walked down the hall towards our room, her blouse wide open, she continued with the buttons on her skirt. As we got to the room, her skirt was held in place by only a single button. Her pussy was in full view to anyone walking towards us, but nobody happened to be nearby except our shadow, the bellman.
I opened the door, let her in, and held it for the bellman. As she walked into our suite, she unbuttoned the last button of her skirt, and in a single flowing motion, she removed and handed both her skirt and blouse to the stunned bellman as she turned into the bathroom saying, "Be a dear and hang these up for me, won't you? I need a shower."
And with that, the door to the bathroom closed and the bellman's jaw fell on his foot. I just smiled at him and said, "Would you hang up both garment bags, too, please?"
He had developed a severe case of many thumbs syndrome and I heard him drop one of the bags at least twice. But soon, he ran out of stalling tactics, so I tipped him and he backed out of the room. He was walking a bit awkwardly, as if he had a pole stuffed up one pant leg; but it looked like he could handle himself OK.
After he had left, I puttered around the room for awhile, and then lay back on the bed while Julia took her shower. Shortly after the water stopped, she emerged with a towel around her head, and walked straight to the window of our room. It was a wide window facing south onto California Street. Like most hotels, it had a layer of thick curtains inside and a light, gauzy curtain close to the window. She pulled the thick curtains wide open and separated the lighter curtains about four feet, and stood right in the window while she finished drying herself.
Across California Street, we could see the rooms of another fine establishment, the Mark Hopkins Hotel. Since it was still daylight out, we couldn't really see into any of the rooms, but it seemed quite likely we would be able to later. And if we could see into their rooms, well... it seemed like another of my fantasies was going to be realized this evening.
As if she was reading my mind, Julia asked, "Do you want to fuck in the window where people can see us easily or on the bed where it will be more comfortable?"
"Before dinner or after dinner?" I replied. "We'll be more visible when the sun is down, but I could sure use some horizontal calisthenics."
"So fuck me now, big boy, and we'll put on the show later." She lay back on the bed, her legs spread wide, inviting a muff dive, and said, "Is your tongue as talented as your mouth?"
What could I say to that? I dove.
After a delightful lovemaking session, it was my turn to shower. When I finished and emerged from the bathroom, she was already dressed. She had on a white linen dress, cut deeply in the front with spaghetti straps over her wide shoulders. She turned around and I saw the expanse of bare back now facing me. It was so low in the rear that I could almost see her buns. And up the left side, it was slit almost to her waist. The dress was perfect for the woman wearing it. Both almost screamed, "Look at me!"
Well, even though it was summer in San Francisco, the evenings are cool. So she added a bright red cape from the closet, held out her hand and said, "Ready?"
I almost started out the room with her before I realized I was still buck naked from the shower. 90 seconds later, I had slipped on a pair of flannel slacks, a black T-shirt and a sports jacket and was ready to go.
We rode down the elevator, walked through the lobby and out into the beautiful California evening. Instead of a cab, we jumped on the cable car and headed for the Fisherman's Wharf area. We found a small Italian restaurant with adequate but subdued lighting and a good menu, and a great view of the San Francisco Bay. We got for a booth near the window, and ordered a bottle of fine Chianti. Then the show began again.
I noticed that her left shoulder strap wasn't on her shoulder any more. In fact, it was closer to her elbow. The loose strap had a corresponding effect on the top of her dress. Sitting next to her, her entire left breast and her erect nipple was clearly visible. And anyone walking down the street outside would have the same view.
Looking her square in the nipple, I said, "You are truly outrageous. And I love it."
She smiled warmly, and said "Do you know what you want yet?"
"How do I answer a question like that from a woman like you at a time like this?" I replied.
"Let me think about it. Yes, I do know what I want. I want to see the look on our waiter's face when you flash him, then I want to have a light dinner, make our way back to the hotel as slowly and openly as we can, then put on a show for the folks at the Mark Hopkins. How's that fit with your agenda."
"Perfectly, she responded.
As if on queue, the waiter showed up and asked "Are you ready to order, yet." Without missing a stroke, so to speak, Julia said, "I think so, but could I ask you a question about this item?" she said, pointing to a selection on her menu.
Well, unless the waiter was Clark Kent, he had no choice but to come around to her side of the booth and stand over her as she pointed with her right hand. Now, I have no idea how she did this, but her left strap was on her shoulder, but her right one was on her elbow, opening up the top and right side of her dress so that the waiter had an unobstructed view of most of her boob, while the rest of the restaurant, including the staff walking nearby had an even better view of her exposed breast and nipple as she pointed to her menu, seemingly unaware of the scene she was creating. Damn, she was good. It looked so natural and innocent, and yet she was in complete control.
Well, needless to say, we got great service for the remainder of our meal. But they did seem to walk a bit stiffly when they left our table.
After a delightful dinner, we left and started walking back towards our hotel. Without any buttons, I thought it would be difficult to expose too much of herself, but she was way ahead of me, as usual.
As we were walking, she wrapped her cape fully around herself, hiding her dress from view. We got to an intersection, with people on all four corners, and we could hear the cable car coming up the hill behind us. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her twist her body and shoulders and a moment, her dress appeared at her ankles.
Stepping out of it as casually as if she were exiting the shower, she looked at me and asked, "Would you get that for me, please?"
Reacting quickly, I reached down and picked up her dress as she walked out into the street towards the cable car, dressed only in her cape.
"This will be interesting," I thought, wondering how she would manage to climb onto the cable car without letting her cape fly wide open.
Walking up behind her, I saw her arms appear through holes in the cape as she casually grabbed one of the poles and stepped up onto the exposed front seat portion of the cable car. As she climbed up, her cape flashed open exposing almost her entire right leg almost up to her buns; but it quickly slid shut again as she sat down. A moment later I was seated next to her in the front of the car as it clanged its way up the hill. I imagine I looked a bit strange with her dress draped over my arm, but that just added to the magic of the moment. And then I realized that she had thought this one out, too.
As we approached the next intersection, I saw her cape starting to slide open and expose first one naked knee, and then another. As we pulled up to the intersection which happened to be filled with a large number of Asian tourist couples, complete with the inevitable cameras, her knees started to slide apart, until they were spread wide, completely exposing her neatly trimmed pussy for the entire crowd.
I almost choked with laughter as I saw the look on some of their faces. Most of them were just stunned. The men started to talk excitedly, and three of them actually managed to get their cameras to their eyes and pointed in our direction before the cable car started moving again. I saw several flashes from the crowd, which seemed an appropriate response to Julia's flashes, as the cable car pulled away up the hill and into the night.
As we approached the next stop, Julia casually raised her right leg and draped it over my leg and blithely draped her cape over her exposed snatch, with the resulting pose both blatantly sexual and yet not even R rated. But as the cable car rattled up the hill, her cape rattled slowly opened, too. Unfortunately, the only person at the next stop was a little old Chinese lady who just looked at Julia, muttered something in Chinese as she got onto the cable car and disappeared into the interior section to take a seat.
We got off at the next stop, and walked through the hotel lobby and onto a waiting elevator. We stood in the back of the elevator as several middle-aged business men got on and stood in front of us. I reached forward and pushed the button for the 12th floor and one of them pushed the button for the 9th floor. As the elevator moved upwards, I saw Julia's arms disappear into her cape, and I saw the front of the cape start to part. By the time we got to the 9th floor, she had folded the flaps of her cape back over her shoulders and was standing completely exposed, directly behind them.
The door to their floor opened and as they walked off, I looked at her and said, in a loud voice, "Wow, you're naked!" Their heads collectively did an exorcist twist, almost decapitating two of them, and Julia spread her arms, palms up, placing one leg forward in a stage move that said "Here I am!", just as the doors slid shut.
We both burst into gales of laughter as the elevator continued to our floor. As we got out, Julia casually removed her cape and draped it over her arm and walked down the hall towards our room in just her heels.
We were standing in front of our door while I fumbled with the electronic key lock as the door across the hall opened and a young couple emerged. The look on their face was a priceless mixture of shock, excitement and confusion, as I finally managed to open the door. Without missing a beat, I held the door open for her and said in a voice I was sure the other couple could hear, "Shall we fuck, my dear?"
"In the window, this time," Julia responded in an equally audible voice as we entered the room. Looking over my shoulder, I smiled at the other couple as I shut the door.
As we entered our room, Julia wearing only her heels, turned on all the lights and pulled open both sets of curtains. Standing in the window with her magnificent body on display for all to see, she was, to me, the ultimate example of a powerful, liberated and sexual woman. Ever since I met her that afternoon on the plane from Seattle to San Francisco, she had entranced me with her exhibitionist openness.
We were now about to get it on in the window of the Fairmont Hotel, across the street from the Mark Hopkins hotel when Julia said in an excited voice, "David, come here. You won't believe this!"
As I approached the window, she pointed to the hotel room directly across the street. There, in the well lit room was a beautiful young woman walking around as naked as Julia.
As we watched, she pulled a chair into the middle of the room right in front of her window and sat down. She placed her feet on the table in front of her, and leaning back in the chair, she started playing with her breasts. She stroked her boobs, and then ran her hands down her belly and into her completely shaved pussy. In moments, she had several fingers plunging deeply into her cunt.
Her room was directly across from ours, and we had all our lights on. If she could see beyond her fingertips, she couldn't miss seeing Julia and me standing across from her. But she paid us no attention as she ministered to her rising passions.
As we watched our "opposite number," I saw a Julia move quickly to the desk in our room, pull some writing paper from the drawer and start writing a message. She wrote only a few lines, then folded the letter and put it into a hotel envelope and turned to me. "Take this to her. Slide it under the door to her room. Take your cellular and call me as soon as you get to her floor."
Since I hadn't even had a chance to undress yet, I was able to make it down to the lobby, across the street and up to the 12th floor of the Mark Hopkins hotel in under three minutes. As I got off the elevator, I called Julia in our room.
"OK," she said, now take your best guess as to her room, then knock once on her door. If she hears it, she will react quickly, and I'll say 'Bingo' and then hang up. You just say 'message delivery,' loudly enough so she can hear it, then slide the letter under the door and get back here in a hurry."
I hadn't read the letter, but Julia had impressed me all evening as one very competent lady, so whatever she had in mind, I was willing to play along.
The first door I knocked on didn't respond. But on the second, I heard Julia say "Bingo" in my ear. I quickly hung up, slid the letter under the door and headed back for the elevators. In just a couple of minutes, I was back in our room.
As I walked into our room, I heard Julia talking on the phone. She was sitting in a chair in the middle of the room, her feet on the table, a perfect reflection of the lady across the way.
As I entered, I heard her say, "He's here now. Would you like to see him?" The lady across the way stood and approached the window as Julia turned to me and said, "How about getting naked for our new friend, Anne."
"Give me the phone, please," I said to Julia. She handed it to me and looking straight at Anne, I said, "Is that what you want?"
As I saw her nod and heard her say "Yes," I slipped off my jacket and slowly pulled my T-shirt over my head. "Is this what you wanted to see, Anne?"
I could hear her breathing rapidly and I saw her head nod several times as her fingers rapidly stroked her pussy. I stood next to Julia and she unbuckled my belt, letting my pants fall to the floor. I wasn't wearing any underwear, and my cock, now free of its bindings, sprung to attention.
"Oh, that's nice," I heard Anne say. "Ask Julia to suck it." I handed the phone back to Julia and could hear Anne repeat her request to Julia. A moment later, I felt my cock being sucked deeply into her mouth.
After several minutes, I was close to climaxing, so I told Julia I needed to slow down or I would be off the deep end too soon. She let go of my cock and handed me the phone, then got up from the chair and approached the window.
"Did you come yet?" I heard Anne ask.
"Not yet, but almost. How about you?"
"Several times already. Will you fuck her now? I want to see you take her from behind while she's standing in the window."
I told Julia what Anne had said, and she responded by bending over and aiming her ass towards me. "Come and get it, lover," she purred.
Well, this was just too much. After only a few moments, I was ready to spurt. Julia could tell somehow, and she pulled free, dropped to her knees in front of me so that Anne could see clearly, and started sucking. As I came, she pulled back and let me spurt into her mouth. She took my whole load, and then asked for the phone.
"Well, did you like that?" I heard her ask. For the next few minutes, I heard her talk with Anne in a low voice. I buried my mouth in her pussy and licked for all I was worth, and in several minutes I heard her say "I'm coming. I'm coming! Oh, God am I coming. This is fabulous, God, yes, I love it! Suck my slit! Oh, Yes!, Yes!, Yes!!!" Her whole body shuttered as she literally squirted into my mouth. It felt almost like she was peeing, but I knew she was one of those rare women who are capable of a massive squirting climax.
For several minutes, nobody said anything. As Julia recovered, I heard her say "Would you like a drink?"
Not realizing she was still on the phone, I said, "I sure could use one."
"Not you, lover, her," she said to me. And then she continued "Your bar or ours?" There was a pause and then she said, "OK, in fifteen minutes. See you there."
Standing up, she looked at me and said "Are you ready for the next round? Let's go meet a kindred spirit."
I slipped back into my pants and T-shirt as she disappeared into the bathroom. When she emerged, she was wearing a sheer white silk blouse with lots of buttons (naturally) and a very short wrap-around black mini-skirt. Or maybe it was a wide belt. I wasn't really sure. But she looked great.
Leaving our room, we descended to the bar and took a booth in the corner. A few minutes later, Anne walked in. She was wearing a sleeveless print mini-dress that was several sizes too large. The oversized top left lots of room for her boobs to shine through the oversized arm holes, and really looked quite sexy.
The dress was short, but not as short as Julia's. Anne's came to about mid-thigh. But it was buttoned up the front, and the bottom three buttons were missing. And so were the top three. As she walked up, her dress flashed open so I could see almost to her crotch.
As she sat down next to me, I got my first close-up look at her. She was in her early 20's and stood about 5'9" tall with long dark hair. She was quite thin, but had very pronounced hips, and, like Julia, very large breasts. Oh, I was in heaven.
"Hi, lovers," she said as she slid into the booth. "That was some show you put on. Did you see the couple down on the sidewalk watching?"
"No, we didn't," Julia responded. "Where were they?"
"They were standing right on the corner in front of my hotel. I'm not sure how well they could see from down there, but they sure seemed to be looking at your room and they left as soon as you were finished."
"Hum, I wonder if they were the couple from across the hall," I queried. Julia just looked at me and grinned.
"This could be one hell of a trip," she said, smiling seductively. Then she looked at Anne and said, "So tell us about you. How'd you get into flashing? Are you bi? What's your big turn on?"
"Well," Anne replied, "I don't know how I got started. I just like to let people see me naked. I'm definitely bi-sexual, but my big fantasy is to be in a room with a whole bunch of people with all of them looking at me while I masturbate."
"Do you want to do it solo or do you want group participation?" I asked.
"Well, I'm not sure. I know I like the rush of having people see me get off; but I don't know how I'd feel with a bunch of guys fucking me. I guess I'm both excited and scared by the idea. Julia, have you ever been gang banged?"
"Yes, I took on five guys one evening at a party house in Oakland. It was lots of fun. First, I sucked this one guy off in a private room, then I got it on with two guys in a semi-open room, and then finally I moved into the group room and fucked three guys at the same time. It was really a trip taking them all at once. I had one in my ass, one in my cunt and one in my mouth, and I managed to get them all to come just about the same time. That was one hell of an orgasm. Then I just lay back on the floor and one woman went down on me and sucked me clean. It was wonderful. Would you like to try it? I think I can arrange a trip there if both of you are interested."
"Well, it's getting late tonight, but if you guys will be around tomorrow we could do it then," Anne replied.
"David?"
Looking at both beautiful women and thinking about the prospect of a massive fuck-fest in a party house, all I could do was grin.
After the evening's activities, I was feeling pretty bushed, so to speak. I told Anne and Julia that I had a full day's business the next day, but that we could meet for dinner and an orgy tomorrow evening, and Julia and I returned to our room; but this time, Julia didn't strip in the elevator or even the hall. When we got back to the bedroom, she went directly to the bathroom and emerged several minutes later with her teeth and hair brushed and her clothing on her arm. I took my turn in the bathroom and emerged to find her already in bed. I hung my pants and dropped the rest of my clothes on the floor of the closet and joined her in bed. We made love quietly and slowly and fell asleep in each other's arms.
I awoke the next morning to the feel of her lips wrapped around my cock. I was already hard and she was making sure that my hard on was not going to waste. As soon as she had my full attention, she climbed on top of me and inserted my cock into her pussy and rode me gently until we both came. Then she slid off me and headed for the bathroom. I walked in with my cock still hard as she was getting the shower going. She saw me headed for the toilet and said, "Don't waste that. Let's have some fun. Join me in the shower."
Curious, I joined her in the oversized shower and she dropped down on her knees in front of me and took my cock in her mouth again.
"Julia, I have to pee something fierce," I said.
"Sit down," she said, pulling her mouth from my dick and standing up. As I sat, she squatted above me and started to pee on me. "Let it rip," she said as her pee blended with the warm shower water and drenched my groin. I let go with a geyser that shot upwards onto her and our piss mingled and danced until we were both drained.
"Kinky," I said as I got up, feeling much relieved. "You do that often?"
"No, only on special occasions. Did it bother you?"
"No, I guess it has been a deeply buried fantasy that I have never acted out. Actually, it was fun."
"Let me soap you off," she offered, as she soaped first my loins and then my back. She made it a point to soap my anus quite thoroughly which has always been another turn on for me. When she finished cleaning me, I returned the favor as she soaked in the warmth of the shower.
We got out of the shower and finished our morning grooming as if we had been together for years. I was struck by how comfortable I felt with her and how natural and comfortable it felt to be with her. But a busy day beckoned, so I had to leave soon. She didn't have to meet her client until mid-morning, so we agreed that we would reconnect in the evening and I headed out to grab a cup of coffee and meet my client.
I got back to the hotel just before 6:00PM and Julia was lying naked on the bed reading a book. She looked up at me and smiled as I walked into the room. "Hungry?" she asked.
"Famished" I replied.
"Well then, how about an appetizer?" she offered, spreading her legs invitingly.
I dropped my coat, stripped off my tie and shirt and met her at the Y. She smelled wonderful and tasted delightful and had apparently been preparing for my arrival. She started moaning and bucking her hips as I gently sucked her pussy. "I'm so excited about this evening" She said between groans. "I've been thinking about it all day. I promise you an experience like you have never had before," she added, while she squeezed her breasts and played with her nipples.
She started to gush and said, "Oh God, I'm cumming!" as she squirted a heavy flow of nectar into my mouth. She squirted several more times and then let out a deep breath and said, "Damn, that's a good way to start the evening. No you go take a shower and remember to shave. You beard needs to be smooth as a baby's butt because you're going to kiss a lot of snatch tonight."
I did as she directed and when I emerged from the bathroom, she was standing before the bedroom mirror dressed in a very short mini-skirt and a low-cut lacy silk camisole. The outline of her breasts was clearly visible and her nipples made deep dents into the silk.
"You like?" she asked as she twirled before me.
"Hot. Totally hot."
Before I could say more, there was a knock on the door and she pointed to it, inviting me to answer the knock. I opened the door to find Anne, dressed in a colorful Chinese silk print sleeveless mini-dress. As she breezed into the room, she gave me a kiss on the cheek and went directly to Julia.
They gave each other a quick hug and kiss and Anne asked, "Well, what do you think?" She did a brief pirouette and as she spun, the bottom of her dress floated upwards and I caught a brief glimpse of her buns and then a flash of her clean-shaven pussy. She was clearly dressed for attention.
"I think we are going to have an interesting evening," I dead panned as Julia gave Anne a thumbs up sign.
Anne walked up to Julie and lifted the front of her skirt to confirm that Julie was naked as well, and looked at Julie with a smile. "Shall we give them a show they'll remember?" she asked Julie?
"You're on" she responded. "Let's eat. I know just the place."
We left our room and took the elevator to the main floor, then asked the bellman to flag us a cab. He blew his whistle and a cab screeched up to the front of the hotel and he opened the back door for us to get in. Julie got in first, and as she bent over to get into the cab, she practically mooned the bellman. Then I got in and finally Anne. She sat down first and then lifted her legs as she slid into the cab. I couldn't see what the bellman saw, but I am certain that he got a flash of gash from Anne.
Julie gave the cabbie the name of a restaurant near the water and 10 minutes later, we were standing in the restaurant waiting to be seated. It was moderately sized with a long wall of high backed booths that faced several rows of tables in the center. Julie asked for a booth in the back and we were lead to a booth about two thirds of the way down the line. I slipped in so that I could be in the center, and Anne and Julie slipped in on either side of me. There was a table of three business men directly across from our booth and I noticed two of them develop a case of whip lash as they caught a glimpse of a double gash flash. Clearly, the fun had begun.
We ordered drinks and as we were studying the menu, I felt Anne's hand land on my leg. At first, she just let it lie on my leg, but then she started stroking the inside of my thigh very gently, moving in slow, small circles up and down my inner leg. Julie noticed Anne's hand on my leg and made a similar move on my other leg. I was hard as a tent peg in moments, as first Anne, and then Julia started to brush my cock with their hands, all the while paying close attention to their menus. I was trying to pay attention to mine, but it was a loosing battle.
Our waiter appeared with our drinks and asked for our orders. Anne and Julie told him what they wanted and he turned to me. As he asked me for my choice, Anne's hand started to unzip my fly. I stammered briefly and barely managed to place my order. The waiter looked at me with knowing eyes and smiled and left as Anne completed her unzipping and reached into my pants. Julie helped her fish my cock from my pants and both of them started playing with me, right there at the table. Fortunately the table cloth hid their actions from the rest of the patrons, so there was no risk of anyone seeing what they were doing. I dropped my right hand onto Anne's thigh and she immediately lifted her leg and draped it over mine so that her pussy became both exposed and accessible. The invitation was clear and I took it, as my fingers wandered up her thighs. The angle was such that all I could do was stroke the insides of her legs and the exterior of her pussy. It would have broken my hand to try to get my fingers inside her, but hell, then night was young.
Julie must have been starved for attention, because she asked to be excused for a moment. As she slid from the booth, she paused with her legs spread and flashed the table of business men next to us. This time, they all caught her movement and as Julie flashed them, I could see a collective bulging of their eyes at the sight of her shaved pussy only a few feet from their table. Julie held her pose for a few seconds, and then got up to go to the lady's room. Anne decided to follow her, and soon the three men at the nearby table got another flashing. As Anne disappeared down the hallway, the men turned to each other as if to ask, "Did I really see what I thought I saw?"
They looked over towards me and I gave them a big grin. "Lucky fellow," said one of them.
"You don't know the half of it," I replied, adding some Cheshire to my grin.
"They look like quite a handful," said the business man.
"In more ways than one," I replied.
"Need any help?" asked the other fellow.
"That's a question you would have to ask my friends," I responded, giving them the opening they were hoping for.
"Are you OK with our asking?" he queried.
"That depends on whether or not you are willing to follow their lead," I said.
"Meaning?" he asked.
"Let them lead. If they decide to invite you, I'm OK with it; but it's their choice."
"OK, I have my fingers crossed."
I nodded at them as I saw the ladies returning to the table. They slid in at the same time, but both made sure to smile at the men at the other table as they flashed them, but only momentarily.
My dick was still airing out when they returned, but it had softened up a little. Julie noticed and shook her head. She looked at my cock and dropped her head into my lap and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked me hard in a few moments and then sat back up. She looked at Anne and said, "That looks better. What do you think?"
Anne said, "Looks good to me. How does it taste?"
"Check for yourself," Julie replied.
Anne looked over at the business men, all of whom were looking right at us and smiled, then dropped her head into my lap and started bobbing up and down on my dick. She kept this up for about 15 seconds and then popped back up and said, "He tastes like my pussy" Anne declared.
I looked at Julie and asked, "Were you eating Anne in the bathroom?"
Julie just looked at Anne and both girls smiled sheepishly. "Are you in a hurry to get the party started?" I asked them.
"Just an appetizer," answered Julie. "I intend to eat more than just Anne for main course."
I watched the men at the other table as Julie and Anne were talking, and their jaws were agape, and I could swear I saw at least two of them drooling. Boy did I have my hands full this evening.
The waiter arrived just in time and we attacked our dinners with gusto. I managed to tuck my cock back into my pants before we had finished dinner, and quietly mentioned my conversation with the nearby business men to Anne and Julie. They looked at each other and seemed to agree on something, but I had no idea what... until later when we had paid our tab and got up to leave. Our three neighbors were paid up too and just staling to see what would happen as Julie slid out of the booth. She stopped in mid flash, her legs spread wide and pussy on parade, leaned towards the three men and said, "Do you want to party?"
Their three heads bobbed up and down like an Ichiro bobble-head doll and Julie said, "Follow us to the BART station. Get on the same train and sit across from us. Get off when we do."
As Julie was giving the instructions, Anne slid into flashing pose as well, and said, "Enjoying the view?" As she asked the question, she stood up and walked out of the restaurant with Julie and me close behind, and our three stooges pulling up the rear.
Anne, Julie and I walked through the cool San Francisco evening to the nearby BART station and headed for the Oakland train which arrived a few minutes later. We got on and the three amigos followed us onto an otherwise empty car. As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Julie and Anne started to kiss each other. Anne's hands reached under Julie's miniskirt and dove directly into her cunt. Julie was quick to follow, and we four guys watched as these two incredibly hot women kissed and played with each other. With their legs spread wide, their pussies were on public view and we could see them getting wet. Julie pulled her fingers from Anne's cunt and held her hand to my mouth. I quickly took her fingers in my mouth and tasted Anne's juices. Then Anne offered me a taste of Julie's juices and asked, "Which of us tastes better?"
"Oh shit," I thought. I've just been asked, "Do you like this dress?" Reaching for my best diplomatic response, I said, "I couldn't possibly choose. Why not ask those guys?"
"OK, but they'll have to come to the party to taste us both," said Julie.
"If you are you up to it, show me now by pulling out your cock" Anne directed the three men. They looked at each other and froze. One guy reached for his zipper, but hesitated.
"If I don't see three dicks at high mast before the train stops, the invitation is off," Anne said firmly.
One guy just shook his head. "I can't," he said.
The other two looked at each other and shrugged, then reached for their zippers and unzipped themselves. The train was starting to slow and Anne said, "No dickie, no watchie!" One guy reached into his pants and pulled out a rather decent sized cock, but the other guy was still fumbling when the train pulled into the station and the doors opened. Half a dozen people got on to see one guy with his cock hanging in the breeze and the other still playing with his zipper. The ladies and I were out the door in a flash and up the stairs, busting a gut laughing as the train left the station with our befuddled and erstwhile amigos aboard.
The party house was only a few blocks away. We were greeted at the door by a pleasant looking couple who asked us if we knew what we were getting ourselves into and let us know that all participation was completely optional. We nodded in agreement and I paid the nominal admission fee (I got a discount because I came with two women), and we were allowed in.
The first room we came to was a large living room with a bar setup in one corner. There was music playing and people dancing. Most people were at least partially clothed. A couple of men were sporting towels, and one woman wore a towel around her waist and was bare breasted. The atmosphere was casual but charged with sexuality. There was one fully clothed couple sitting in the corner making out, but that was all the action we saw. We each purchased a drink at the bar and continued our exploration of the party house. We went downstairs and discovered a large hot tub with about a dozen people in it. Everyone was naked. Some people were in the hot tub and some were sitting on the edge. There was one man sitting with his legs in the water getting a blow job from a woman in the tub.
Nearby were half a dozen small rooms with curtains across the doorway. Some of the curtains were pulled closed and some were opened. I looked into one and saw two couples. One couple was fucking and the other watching. We heard lots of moaning behind the curtains, as we continued our exploration.
Julie led us upstairs to the top floor which was entirely open. There was a spotlight shining on a mattress in the center of the room and around the rest of the room there were at least a dozen more mattresses tucked up against the walls. There were about 15 people in the room, some couples and several threesomes. Some were fucking, some sucking and some just watching.
Julie looked at Anne and nodded her head towards the mattress in the center of the room. Anne nodded in agreement and the two of them took my hands and lead me towards the spotlight. They stripped off their clothing and turned to me, undressing me as a team. As my pants dropped, Anne knelt in front of me and started sucking my quickly hardening cock. Julie soon joined her and they swapped my cock like a Popsicle. They kept this up for a couple minutes and then pulled me onto the mattress with them. I lay down and Anne quickly straddled my face as Julie straddled my cock. Both of them started riding me while they faced each other. They leaned forward and fondled each other's breasts, and then started kissing each other deeply, all the while maintaining their rhythm on top of me.
Our choice of the space in the spotlight apparently had some special meaning because people started moving from the edges of the room towards our stage center. In a few minutes, we were surrounded with people watching us and fondling each other. Soon some of the women started stroking my legs, and some of the men started fondling Julie and Anne. One man moved behind Julie as she was fucking me and started rubbing his cock up and down her ass. Julie reached back and pointed his cock to her ass and he took the clue, gently pressing on her anus until he started sliding in. I could feel his cock rubbing against mine through the thin membrane that separated her two orifices. I couldn't see the man fucking her ass, but he was experienced enough to match my strokes so that we both moved into and out of her in unison.
But I could watch as another man approached Anne's ass because his cock and balls were directly above my face. He offered his cock to her cunt and then her ass, and she directed him into her cunt. I kept my focus on her clit as he started fucking her, but his balls kept slapping my nose, so I pulled myself clear and let him have his fun. Anne slid herself off me and pulled herself from the man who was fucking her doggie style and she slid onto another man who had lain down next to me. This guy had a huge cock and Anne slid herself down on his cock with a look of bliss on her face. She turned around to the fellow that had been fucking her and told him to fuck her ass and she soon had two men in her at once. Several other men were standing nearby and both Julie and Anne reached out and started blowing a couple of them, first one, and then another. They alternated men, trading off cocks until they got a rhythm going on a particular dick. The fellow getting sucked by Julie stood over me facing her, leaving me free to watch the action; but not for long.
One of the women saw that my tongue was not busy and offered her pussy, straddling me like Anne just had. I couldn't see her, but her pussy tasted fine, so I went to work. Every so often, she lifted herself off me and I could see that she was also working on the ass hole of the man standing in front of her. She had a finger in his ass and was playing with his prostrate.
Well, I didn't last too long and wound up letting loose a large load in Julie's cunt. I could feel the man fucking her ass cut loose too, and he pulled off her shortly after I came. Then felt a mouth on my softening cock sucking me gently and cleaning the cum off of me. I learned later that another of the women was cleaning up both my dick and Julie's pussy and ass, getting her ready for the next round.
Julie slid off of me and focused on finishing off the guy she was sucking. He came in her mouth and she turned to Anne, tapping her on the shoulder to get her attention. Anne looked at her and Julie opened her mouth to show her the cum she had just captured. They leaned forward and gave each other a deep kiss, swapping the cum back and forth.
The rest of the evening was a bit of a blur. I remember watching as Julie and Anne fucked or sucked at least a dozen men that evening, and I got fucked more times than I could count. I came at least three times before I completely melted down and decided to check out the hot tub. When I got there, the tub was only half full, so I settled in to relax for awhile. The woman sitting next to me tried to get me hard again, but I was a dead soldier for awhile.
After soaking for the better part of an hour, I drifted back upstairs and saw that Anne and Julie were starting to run out of steam or men, I wasn't quite sure which. Julie finished fucking one more guy and then slid over next to me and just cuddled in my arms. Anne cleaned the cum out of another woman's pussy and then crawled over to join Julie and me. We rested for awhile and decided we had just about enough for one evening, so we got dressed and went downstairs to the bar where we had another drink.
I had cleaned up a bit in the hot tub, but Anne and Julie had cum all over them. I asked them if they wanted to cleanup before we left, but they just giggled and shook their heads. So I left and headed for the BART back to San Francisco with two cum drenched, fucked out beauties. We got some looks on the BART and some even more serious looks as we got back to the hotel. Anne decided to go to her own room, and Julie and I retreated to ours where we fell into bed and slept until well after sunrise the next morning.
I had to return to Seattle the next day, so I didn't see Anne again, but I did see lots of Julie. We have now been married for 20 years.