Lydia felt a sudden wave of nausea and lightheadedness. She braced herself with one hand on the brick wall, the other balled in a fist holding her five keys against her bare stomach. Feeling a surge of anguish and disbelief work its way up to her throat, she wondered if she might really get sick right then then and there. Bending down to check everywhere a second time, Lydia again found nothing.
My backpack, my clothes. My phone! It's all gone! Even my shoes and my hat. Where did they go?!
Scenarios began flooding into her mind about her things being stolen. Could someone have followed her there? Or maybe someone just randomly stumbled upon it? She might eventually be able to find the whoever picked up her backpack if she used her phone locator app at home, but then she would have to explain to someone eventually why the phone was in a backpack in an alley miles away from her house in the middle of the night. She could say that she lost it at the gym, but would Jen back her story up?
Then Lydia noticed something about the dumpster that was different. It was empty! She bit her lip in contemplation of that fact and it occurred to her what must have happened.
That garbage truck that passed the street on my way into the gym... Could it have picked up the trash at this dumpster and taken everything next to it with it?
The thought of it was almost more than Lydia could bear and she looked back down the alley to the street biting her lip with an expression of concern and indecision on her face. She did not even know where the local garbage trucks took the garbage that they collected. Her backpack could be anywhere right now. There was just one thing left to do. She was naked, holding five keys, in the middle of town and the only hope of escaping her predicament was to run back to the park, get her house key, and take the trail back home.
She looked up and down the dark alley, glancing one more time around her bare feet for any sign that she had overlooked her shoes at least. No such luck. It was just her in the alley and literally nothing else. With much reluctance and no small measure of fear, she took her first steps away from the dumpster and down the alley. No amount of wishing for clothes would make any appear and the more she stood around waiting for it to happen the more likely it was that she would be seen.
The stars were barely visible from the light pollution of the town, so Lydia was not sure if it was getting brighter yet or if it was just her imagination. Sticking to back alleys, she took the longer way around the town square to bypass it completely. Without the failsafe dress that had been in her backpack, she found herself suddenly less willing to take risks. She knew that she would not be able to take the long way every time though. She had to get home sooner rather than later at this hour.
Lydia alternated between jogging down dark back alleys and sprinting across streets. This became surprisingly routine to Lydia as she made her way toward the library. Although there were no close encounters, she had spotted at least three cars sharing the road much farther down from her. She tried not to think about it too much but each one highlighted the fact that more and more people would be waking up soon. Lydia could not afford to waste any time if she wanted to remain unseen.
The library came into view which presented a challenge that had not seemed so terrible the first time she was here. She would need to cover about two hundred feet between crossing the road, the green, and a small section of the parking lot before she could get to the side of the library and pass behind it. Checking every direction first, she used her grip on the building's corner to launch herself forward. Nothing was coming yet, and she intended to keep it that way.
Lydia had to stumble and walk awkwardly across the green due to stepping on acorns hidden amongst the grass. She stopped once after a particularly sharp one but kept going since her feet did not seem to be injured significantly. Stepping off the curb that separated the green from the parking lot, she trotted the rest of the way to the library's wall and huddled behind it. First, she checked to make sure that no one had seen her or was following her. Then, she double checked more carefully that her foot was okay from its mishap.
I really need to watch my step, no matter how dark it is. Just one wrong move and I'm limping home, and at that pace there's no way I will make it in time to avoid getting seen.
She was sure that this would not be the last time that she wished she could have at least kept her shoes. Her feet were already starting to hurt from the constant pounding against concrete and asphalt. Glass, thorns, or any other such hazard would ruin any chance of remaining hidden while she was naked in the middle of town. Lydia imagined needing to limp into a store naked for help or resorting to hitchhiking to the hospital which would leave only one hand for cover. The thought of getting discovered that way was even more unbearable now than when she had left her house earlier that morning. Perhaps because, now, it was a legitimate possibility.
Lydia stepped lightly along the narrow strip of grass that separated the library from the dense growth of bushes and trees. The branches reached outward as if longing to trespass every corner of her helplessly exposed body while she passed by. The prospect of a million spindly fingers caressing her most intimate parts with no way to stop it made her hate the trees even more, especially because, despite herself, the idea still excited her a little. Nevertheless, at this point she was tired and just wanted to be home. The refreshed feeling from taking her shower at the gym was fading quickly.
The ladder that she used to enter the library earlier was still where she had left it. By then, the timer had expired and the library lights were turned off. It was dark behind the library which was preferable to Lydia. She figured that she could have saved a minute or two by simply running in front of the library, but the risk of darting naked in front of such a public building had not felt worth it. Lydia reached the opposite end of the library anyway with just a few minor scratches for her trouble.
Just two more blocks and she would be out of the center of town. From behind a bush, she hesitated to cross the street toward the next alley. Her doubts were vindicated as a car turned a corner two blocks down and started toward Lydia's position. She waited, hoping that the bush would cover her sufficiently. As the car approached, the headlights cast an illumination over everything in the street before it. The light even pieced the veil of the foliage and Lydia could see her body as clear as she would in the daytime.
Could he see me behind this bush???
Her rational side said no, and she tried to picture what the driver was probably seeing. Even if the driver was looking right at her hiding spot as the car passed, the driver probably would not see her through the branches and leaves. That was even if he was paying attention to anything except the road. However, her frightened side overwhelmed her. She pressed herself down upon the grass curled up in a ball with her face sticking out. The car passed without giving any indication of having noticed the naked girl in the bushes. She watched as it disappeared from view and saw that no other cars seemed to be coming.
Lydia stood up and ran across the street, making it halfway across before seeing brake lights flash red to her right. The car had stopped while she was still fully visible in the street. Lydia sprinted to the alley and hid behind the corner to watch what the car would do.
It was just stopped at the stop sign!
Lydia sighed in relief and turned to navigate two more alleys and street crossings. She had finally made it to the edge of town where the gas station with the convenience store was. Bouncing on her feet, she weighed whether she should run for the side wall right then or wait. Lydia looked down the street and saw a car approaching from three blocks down. Was it the same one? Lydia squinted her eyes to see better.
No, this one is different.
She decided to wait for it to pass but it slowed down as it reached the gas station and turned in. It was a sporty red car with a bumper sticker that read "13.1" which referred to a half marathon. Lydia cursed this really inconvenient timing. She knew it was getting closer to dawn, but who would be getting gas when it was still so early in the morning?
The car parked next to one of the gas pumps and the driver opened the door. The woman who emerged stood about 5'6" tall and had dirty blonde hair tied up in a ponytail. With black skin-tight shorts and a neon pink sports bra, she looked ready to go for a run. The woman's aqua-blue eyes flashed in Lydia's direction, but Lydia was still well hidden in her alley. In that moment, a spark of recognition struck Lydia. Even at that distance, there was no mistaking that the woman was Jen, the gym manager and Lydia's friend.
Lydia's bit both her lips and sucked in air through her nose in realization. Yet another person she knew might see her unadorned body any moment. She watched Jen walk into the convenience store and decided to take her chances. Being seen was unlikely by Lydia's estimation, and she needed to start taking some risks if she was going to get out of town in time for more people to start waking up. As quickly and safely as possible, Lydia entered the street and ran toward the side of the convenience store.
Just in time, Lydia removed herself from sight as Jen exited the convenience store and walked back to her car. This time, the athletic 25-year-old woman carried a cup of coffee in one hand and held phone in the other.
"Yeah, and I think I need a new sports bra. I ordered a C but I think this one came preshrunk. It's ridiculous how women's clothing works. Anyway, I'll be there soon. I just need to fill up my car and then I'm on my way."
Lydia retreated from the parking lot and walked around the backside of the convenience store. It occurred to her that she might be able to get out of her situation if she just called out to Jen. Sure, she would have to answer awkward questions. Not to mention stay naked in front of her new friend for at least a half hour before she could get home. But would Jen keep her secret? Was it worth calling out to avoid being caught by someone else?
She reached the other side of the building and, from behind the wall, saw that Jen was still at the gas pump on her phone. Lydia could swear that Jen's eyes were glancing her way, but she knew she was being paranoid.
"Yeah, so, guess what else happened. I had this person come into the gym the other day and..."
Lydia listened for several grueling minutes, going back and forth about whether to cry out to her friend to not drive away. She desperately wanted to but at the same time could not bring herself to do it. She would be giving herself over to the humiliation of getting escorted home naked by her friend. She would never live it down.
"Okay, I'm about to go. I'll see you in a few minutes. By the way, have you heard about the naked person running around town?"
Lydia stood paralyzed, rooted on the spot. Her eyes widened and she wondered if she had heard that correctly.
"Yeah, Eric, my cop friend, texted me about it," Jen continued, "Apparently there's this naked girl that the police are looking for that's been running around town all night for some reason. Could you imagine?... Yeah... Yeah... Oh, I hope so too! I hope she gets caught. It would be hilarious. Everyone seems to know everybody around here and I've noticed since moving here how quickly word tends to spread in this small town. I could see it becoming a local story or something."
The sound of Jen laughing echoed in the depths of Lydia's soul. There was no way she would be calling out now. Not when Jen would probably record her being stranded naked, feebly covering her most private parts, and then likely send the video to the local news and everyone in her contacts. Lydia had been on the verge of calling out, ready for this nightmare to be over. Ready to do whatever Jen wanted, hoping that she would just help her and would keep her secret. Her lip quivered and tears started forming in her eyes. She wanted to cry.
"Alright, I'm really going now. See you in a few."
Jen removed the nozzle from her car and placed it back on the pump. She got back in her car and slowly rolled off the lot. Lydia watched her opportunity to get out of her mess, perhaps her last one, speed off into the night. Still, in some small way, Lydia was glad that she had crossed paths with Jen.
Now I know that I've been seen, but who saw me? Worse, I've been reported to the police and they're out there looking for me! I need to get out of town NOW!
Lydia ran from her hiding spot when the area was clear and quiet again. She treaded down the path that led to the railroad crossing. It was quiet there, so she passed over the rails without incident. The rocks by the tracks made her slow down and walk like she was treading over coals. She waved her arms all about to prevent herself from falling over. Once she got past the tracks, she hurried toward the string of single-story buildings on the far side. She was out in the open for perhaps two minutes, but it felt like an hour.
More cars passed as Lydia worked her way through the streets on the edge of town. Due to the absence of back alleys to conceal her better, she frequently hid behind fences, signs, tables, trees, and other obstructions when she needed to. Before long, she reached the sprawling open field behind Trace and Avers. On impulse, she checked her palm to make sure that all five keys were still there. She hoped that the field was not as bright to drivers passing by as it was to her under the moonlight. She shivered and rubbed her arms for warmth.
From behind a tall wooden fence, she crossed the street and entered the field. There was nowhere to hide. The ankle-high grass was not even tall enough to lay down in to conceal her. She jogged as quickly as she dared, not wanting to step on anything hidden in the turf. Further into the field, she saw cars traversing the streets that ran along the perimeter of the field, and not just the headlights. It was starting to get bright enough to make out the entire car which, to Lydia, meant that the drivers would be able to just make out her shape too even if they might not see that she was naked. It was her worst-case scenario for this part of her run. All she could do was hope that she was too far into the darkness to see clearly, or that the cars were too focused on the road to even notice her.
Lydia reached the edge of the retention pond where Trace and Avers loomed over her once more. The lights were still on in the building and she found that she could see into the second-floor windows. The cleaners appeared to be gone and there was no sign of either the security guard or anyone else. She skirted the pond and passed the spot where she had laid her backpack and shoes earlier, both of which she now sorely missed. The dewy grass was kinder to her feet than the pavement, but she still wanted nothing more than to rest her aching feet.
Doing so, however, would require her to sit down in the field. If she did that, then she might be tempted to lay down too. In her current state, exhausted from constant excitement, frequent fright, and from simply walking the several miles that she had done so far, Lydia was afraid she might fall asleep where she lay. She imagined with much anxiety the prospect of waking up mid-morning, sunshine all round her, and sitting up to stretch her arms high before realizing that she was naked in the back part of her workplace at the edge of town. The would be no escaping a humiliating public display of her body if that happened.
No, I can't rest yet. I have to get home!
Lydia kept her distance from Trace and Avers to ensure that no one could see her from the windows even if someone just happened to be looking. She ran across the street and down it away from the white, box-like building. Then Lydia passed the flower shop and breakfast café that she had spent a few minutes in front of on her way into town. The clock in the café read 5:34am.
Oh, thank heavens. Some good news.
She had taken her time getting back across town to avoid taking risks and moved more slowly to protect her bare feet. Lydia was acutely aware that she was getting back later than she had planned to, but it was not as late as she had thought. She knew that there was just under one hour until sunrise and spending the past hour in complete undress had not softened the sensation of nudity for her. She continued down the barren streets past the mechanic's shop. Just one more street to go. Making sure that the way was clear, she crossed the street and jogged along the sidewalk next to the tree line. One block ahead, the trees parted into the S-shaped curve of road that led into the park. Without waiting, she turned the corner and, for what felt like the first time in an eternity, felt the relief of having no streetlights glittering down upon her naked skin.
Like last time, she stayed between the trees and the two-rail wood fence that separated her from the street. There would be no cover upon entering the park but she did not believe that it would be a problem. After all, who would be there so early? Lydia was about to discover.
She passed the welcome sign that marked the entrance to the park and stopped so suddenly that she fell backwards onto the ground.
Oh, no! People!
Lydia scrambled herself to her feet and hid behind one of the posts that held up the sign. The post offered pitiful concealment though, as Lydia could be plainly seen from behind it. Realizing this, she crossed the road to her left and found a broad tree to hide behind. It did not completely block her from sight but it was all that she could do.
Looking into the park, Lydia spotted three cars in the parking lot to her right. In the park center, the light from the pavilion revealed five people gathered about the picnic tables. Two men, and three women. Lydia gulped quietly but discovered her throat to be dry. In a defeated slump, she leaned her chest against the tree and clung to it wistfully.
She was so close to her house key. She might even be able to sneak her way around the outside of the park to get to the box that it was locked in. However, Lydia could be standing right over it and it would do her no good because she only had five of the six keys. The final key was hidden under the picnic table where a group of runners sat chatting with one another, and they seemed in no hurry to move on.