Getting Caught
The Switch:
Tom was knelt between John's legs sucking the head of his dick as Jenni held it for him; she was stroking his dick while her pussy was being eaten by Mindy. John was moaning deeply as his dick was being stroked and sucked, Tom had reached down to play with John's balls. Jenni's orgasm was growing with every flick of Mindy's tongue on her clit, with her other hand she wrapped Mindy's hair up in it, holding her head still while she fucked her face. As her orgasm grew closer Jenni pushed Mindy's face into her and Mindy started to thrust her tongue in Jenni's pussy, teasing her g-spot and getting ready for Jenni's gushing orgasm.
Jenni started to moan loudly as her orgasm grew closer which sent Johnny into a frenzy. He pushed Tom down onto his dick, gagging him while thrusting down his throat. Jenni could hear Tom gagging on Johnny's dick and then moaning. She began to scream and writhe on the bed, bucking against Mindy's face. "That's it Mindy, make me cum! I want you to drink the cum from my pussy." Mindy muffled a response from Jenni's pussy and braced herself for what was about to come. Johnny reached over and took Jenni's hand,
"That's it baby, cum all over her face, give her that sweet cum of yours. Cum so Tom and I can fuck the two of you senseless."
"It's coming, take it, fuck my pussy with your tongue. This is what you wanted isn't it Mindy?" Mindy nodded her head and wrapped her mouth around Jenni's dripping hole just in time for the wave of hot cum that came gushing from her pussy. Johnny blasted hot sticky cum down Tom's throat and held his head still so it filled his mouth. Mindy and Tom rolled over on the bed exhausted, and Jenni and Johnny got up to give them some oral pleasures. Jenni started to tease Mindy's clit with the tip of her tongue and get her wet and ready for the pounding Johnny was going to give her. Johnny leaned over Tom's semi-hard dick and began to run his tongue up and down the shaft. Tom's dick began to perk up and respond to Johnny's efforts and touch.
Jenni thought that they were going to switch partners and fuck them until they cum, but she was grossly mistaken. Johnny had completely different plans and Jenni was going to be in for a huge surprise...

Getting Caught
The Punishment:
Johnny abruptly stood up from sucking Tom's dick and walked over to the dresser and retrieved and few items from the top drawer. Jenni did not pay much mind to this and continued eating Mindy. She tasted wonderful and Jenni realized how much she missed eating a sweet and warm pussy. Jenni was so wrapped up in what she was doing she did not realize that both John and Tom were up off of the bed and behind her. John wrapped his arms around Jenni's waist and removed her from Mindy and placed her on her back on the bed.
Tom went to the top of the bed and started to tie up Jenni's hands while Mindy and John tied up her feet, making sure that her legs were spread apart, exposing her pussy for everyone to play with. A mask was placed over Jenni's eyes and Tom held Jenni's mouth open while he stroked his dick, getting it nice and hard, ready to stick it in Jenni's mouth, Mindy lit a sex candle getting it ready to drip hot wax all over Jenni, and John went and got some sex toys to tease Jenni's clit and make her wriggle and cum.
It seemed like everything happened at once, Tom's dick was being thrust down Jenni's throat and Mindy was beginning to drip hot wax all over her naked and exposed body, while Johnny teased Jenni's clit and pussy with vibes and other assortments of toys.
Jenni could feel a feather tickler being run over her clit, she did not know who it was and was hesitant about relaxing. Then she heard Johnny's voice, "Relax, this is what you wanted, right. To be entertained tonight? We are going to give it to you." Jenni could not orally respond, so she nodded her head and Johnny could see her pelvis relax and her muscles loosen. Just as she did she could feel the hot wax being trailed up her abdomen and onto her breasts. Almost simultaneously she could feel her clit being slapped with a paddle and cringed in pain.
Tom thrust deep down her throat and whispered "Do you like it rough?" Jenni nodded again and Tom began to pump his dick in her mouth. Mindy began to tweak her nipples; Jenni found herself in pain throughout her entire body and was strangely aroused by this. Her pussy began to drip and her body was quivering. Johnny took the paddle and started slapping the inside of her thighs while he took the eight inch long, three inch wide dildo and inserted into her wet and wanting pussy. He didn't warn her that he was doing this and her pussy felt like it was on fire and being stretched to its limits.
Then she felt a vibrating plug at the entrance of her ass, she grew nervous and started to squirm. It didn't do much good, she was tied and pinned down and could not go anywhere.
Tom was thrusting deeper and farther down Jenni's throat and she was gagging hard, it sent Tom over the edge and blew is load down her throat, when he was done he buried his face in his wife's pussy. Johnny pulled the dildo out of her pussy and sucked up all of her juices. Mindy was sitting next to Jenni rubbing her own clit and playing with Jenni's breasts. Johnny untied Jenni and flipped her onto her knees and slammed his cock deep into her pussy.
He was so aroused he filled her and went deeper than usual. He pounded her until she was screaming and cumming. "That's it Johnny! Fuck me! Fuck you naughty little wife!"
Johnny snapped back at her "Take it! Take my thick dick in your pussy. When I am done with you, you will be dripping with cum. Do you like this, little slut?" Jenni was bucking against Johnny and cumming all over the place. Johnny grunted and slammed deep into her. He came all over his pussy, making a mess of her.
Johnny finished in his wife and rolled off of her and Jenni collapsed beside him. The two of them fell asleep next to each other, and woke up a few hours later to the sounds of Mindy and Tom locked in a sixty-nine with each other. Jenni was dazed and a little sore, but she crawled behind Tom and began to lick his asshole while Johnny lubed up his cock and slammed it into Mindy's ass. The entertainment continued into the night and fun was had by all...