Generally I am fairly conservative, and if you knew me you would be shocked by some of the things I have done when traveling away from home. If my mother knew about some of the things I am writing about she would be furious and may not talk to me for months. It certainly would be very embarrassing to her and I would be a huge disappointment given that she worked so hard during my youth to instill conservative values.
I of course rebelled as a child outside of her presence, and as an adult I still do have my moments of rebellion against my very conservative upbringing. My desire for adventure manifested itself during and after college to make up for my mostly less adventurous childhood. My college and adult friends have had a big influence on me after I left home.
This story is about one of my adventures when I was out of town at a conference in Las Vegas and I hope you find it as entertaining as I did. Before I start you should have a sense of what I look like. I am five feet five inches tall with blonde wavy hair and blue eyes. I keep very fit by eating healthy and working out as regularly as I can, and both guys and girls frequently compliment me on my looks. I also like the fact that people find me attractive and I have an exhibitionist streak in me. Sometimes I'll wear skimpy clothing knowing full well that it may attract attention. I also love to flirt and tease.
So here is what happened when I went to a conference in Las Vegas recently. It was work-related and it lasted a few days (Wednesday through Friday). Given that I was in Las Vegas, I decided to stay over a couple extra days and enjoy a show and the warm weather.
At the conference I met several people I knew from the Industry and one in particular was Sara. I have known Sara for a couple years and I have only seen her a couple times at conferences, however we have kept in touch outside of conferences via social media. In the past we had hung out at conferences in the evenings by usually having dinner or doing some shopping.
Sara was recently divorced so when I met her in Las Vegas she was very excited about being a single woman again. We started off doing the typical things and went for dinner on Thursday and this is where Sara confessed she was looking for a man. Not a man to date, but a man to hook up with while she was in Las Vegas. She also had extended her Stay through Sunday like me.
"So how to you plan to find this man?" I asked Sara. "Are you looking for someone at the conference?"
"God no," Sara replied. "I wouldn't want anyone to know I hooked up with someone they know. I was thinking we could go out to a dance club or something. You are single, so maybe you will find a guy too."
"We?" I paused for effect and to see what she would say next. She kept quiet and waited for my response. "I suppose so. I was really thinking about attending a show but I suppose I could go dancing. I like to dance."
"We could dress up sexy and then my Knight in Shining Armor will appear and sweep me off my feet," she said laughing.
"Ha," I said. I didn't bring anything sexy to wear on this trip."
"Well let's go shopping on Saturday! I know a great place to get what I want. I also didn't bring anything appropriate. Can we go to a show tomorrow night after the conference, and then go to the club on Saturday?"
"Okay, I think we can do that," I said with a little trepidation. "How about I pick the show and you can pick the dance club?"
"Deal! I also get to pick what we wear. Is that ok?"
With even more trepidation I said, "Deal."
That night I booked a Cirque du Soleil show for Friday night. Sara was to meet me in my room before we headed out. We planned a quick early dinner after the conference, and then we planned to get changed for the show and have drinks afterward.
On Friday after dinner I headed back to my room. I didn't really plan on wearing anything fancy when I packed so a laid out my designer tight-fitting white Capri pants and a tight dark blue tank top knowing Sara would probably dress way better than me. I then took a shower and did my makeup, and was just putting on my pants when there was a knock at the door. I knew it was going to be Sara since I was running a little late. Quickly I threw the tank over my head and got my arms through the holes before opening the door. My shirt wasn't even pulled all the way down yet and I looked like a wreck.
"Hey," Sara said as she walked in. "I love the Capris!"
"Thanks. I'm almost ready. Just need to find a bra and brush my hair quickly." I looked at Sara who was taller than me by a couple inches and had an amazing body. Her boobs were probably a C or D cup, but appeared to be quite firm. She was wearing skin-tight jeans with 3-inch pumps and a tight-fitting low-cut reddish thin-fabric top with clearly no bra underneath.
"You don't need to wear a bra do you?" she asked. "I thought we would take a step toward sexy for tomorrow night so I decided to go braless."
"Well I don't have to," I said. My tank was pretty tight and seemed to hold me in place well enough, and it wasn't like I had never gone out braless before. I didn't mind showing off my body a little if I was in the mood. "Let me just brush my hair then and I'll grab my shoes." I brushed my hair quickly and put on my sandals and we headed out and grabbed a taxi.
At the hotel for Cirque du Soleil we found a bar and had a couple drinks while waiting for the time to enter the show. It was your typical casino bar and we listened to slot machines as we tried to talk about what we would do the next night.
"Okay, we need to go shopping and I think the best time is probably early afternoon, so how about we meet up for breakfast and head to the pool in the morning?" Sara offered.
"That sounds nice," I said. "I could use some sun. So what kind of store are we talking about?"
"I can't remember the name. I just remember coming across it during another trip here and noticing the insane evening and lingerie clothing they had."
"Insane?" I asked.
"You know," she paused. "I mean sexy. Something you would wear to a hot dance club and to attract men."
"You are already drop-dead gorgeous, so I don't think you will need the sexy outfit to have men attracted to you."
"Thank you Honey. I just want to be a little naughty, you know? Brian was so controlling in our relationship and I never had the chance to feel sexy while married to him. He picked at me every time I showed a little skin and all I wanted was to be sexy for him."
"I understand," I said. "And you are right. You should be able to dress as sexy as you want. Someone is going to appreciate that tomorrow night." I looked over to my right and saw a table with two guys sitting at it and noticed they were looking at us. "Don't look. Do you see those guys to the table to your left? They have been eyeing you up since they sat down a few minutes ago."
Sara looked over quickly and then back at me. "Maybe," she said. She looked again and I looked as well without trying to make it obvious. "I'm not sure. They aren't looking now. Let's do a test."
She took her hand and squeezed each of her nipples so that they poked the fabric. "I'm going to walk by them and go to the ladies room. I'll let you know if I get any looks."
Sara walked by them and I watched as both men looked up at her and then smiled to each other after she passed. They noticed. The guys were about our age, maybe about five years older, and were cute.
On Sara's return I saw that they stopped her and she spoke to them for a few minutes. One of the guys kept sneaking peaks at me as they spoke. A few minutes later Sara returned to our table.
"Well?" I said with huge interest. "What did you talk about?"
"They said they thought we were cute and wanted to know what we were doing in Vegas tomorrow."
"What about tonight?"
"They have a corporate function to go to tonight, but they wanted to know if we might be interested in meeting them tomorrow."
"And?" I asked. I was dying to find out what she said, and she was dragging it out.
"And I said that we were going to a dance club and they were welcome to find us there."
"Wow, okay," I said. I glanced over at the guys and the one who was looking at me winked. Then a few other guys showed up at their table and our friends stood up to leave with them. Both of them looked our way and smiled as they left the bar.
"Nice job," I said smiling. "You have been to one place and you already met somebody interesting."
"We'll see if they show. But either way I'm going to dress like there is no tomorrow and enjoy whatever happens."
We finished our drinks and headed to the showroom entrance. The show was spectacular as expected and after the show we headed back to our hotel for a nightcap drink and a little gambling. I of course lost money which is normal for me, and Sara came out about even.
The next morning we met around 9 for breakfast and then agreed to meet at the pool around 10:30. I did bring one bikini with me and realized as I was putting it on that Sara would probably approve. It was one of my skimpiest bikini's that had smallish triangles with no liner and Tanga bottoms.
I got to the pool first and the attendant found a couple chairs for me near the pool. I brought a book and some bottled water and sat down on my lounge chair after spreading out my towel. As I looked around I saw several handsome men looking my way from across the pool and I put on my shades so they could not determine if was looking back. I looked down at my body to check that my suit was on straight and I noticed my nipples were poking very visibly at the thin fabric of my top. I laughed to myself and thought, "It is my chance to tease a little."
I started reading my book and about ten minutes later Sara appeared at the foot of my chair.
"Hi," she said. "Ooh, I like your bikini!" She was wearing a cut-out bandage style bright white bikini that was essentially a series of straps across her large breasts that covered her nipples and not much more. There was definitely a fair amount of the sides and bottoms of her boobs exposed. Her bottoms were of a similar style and my immediate thought was what horrible tan lines she would get. The white material did look great against her lightly tanned skin though and I realized she didn't have any tan lines, anywhere.
"Hi," I said back. "Yours' is nice too. I haven't seen one like that."
"It's from the shop just inside. I forgot to bring mine. I was worried about all the stripes, but then I put on strong sunscreen so it shouldn't matter."
Sara got situated on her chair and I pointed out the men checking us out. Many of them were with their wives or girlfriends and I smiled at them and ran my tongue across my lips a few times to flirt with them. Sara also toyed with them occasionally.
After the pool we went upstairs and changed. It was around 2PM and we headed out for shopping about an hour later to get our evening outfits and whatever else interested us. We went to the mall first and looked for a while and I found several outfits that I thought would work, but Sara said they were not quite what she had in mind. She reminded me we agreed she would choose the outfits.
Sara then took me to the shop she remembered. It wasn't from the mall. As soon as we stepped inside I realized this place had a lot of crazy items. It had studded leather outfits, cocktail dresses, crazy-looking Rave outfits, and lingerie. The clientele ranged from what looked like teenagers to young women and men in their 20s. Many of the people had tattoos. Sara and I fit in reasonably well given we were both in our 20s still, although only Sara had a tattoo and hers was near her ankle.
We walked around the entire store looking at all of the crazy items and then Sara focused on one of the racks. She pulled out an item that was a mini dress with straps and was made out of netting crisscrossed like diamonds. It was black and had small panties to go with it.
"Seriously?" I asked. "What would you wear under that?"
"I was thinking for you," she said laughing. "You can't wear anything under this. Nothing would work other than possibly wearing a bra, but I don't think that would look good."
"I think I would be arrested wearing that in public so we need to keep looking."
Sara frowned and pulled out another outfit. It was a crop top made of black mesh and it had panties with a black mesh sequined pant. "I like this," she said.
"That will get you arrested," I laughed.
"Yeah probably, but I would definitely get some interest."
"You won't need that to get their interest. In fact it probably doesn't matter what you wear. You are gorgeous anyway."
"Thanks Honey. I just want to be a little crazy tonight and unwind the years of being with Brian. I may go over the top but that's what I want." Sara pulled out a few more items and then handed me two outfits to look at. "How about these for me?"
The first outfit was a black long sleeve backless slashed mini dress that had cuts across the front so that it was just strips of fabric connecting to the sides. There was one strip that went across the boobs and a few more strips under the boobs. Above the boobs were also a couple strips around the neck area and the arms were stripped as well on the outside. It looked like someone took a razor blade to the dress and cut out sections of the dress from side to side.
The second outfit was a white seamless mini dress with cutouts between the boobs and below so that the underside of her boobs would be exposed as well as the inner portion. Her hips and sides of her thighs would also be exposed.
The third option was a silver metallic backless mini dress with a plunging neckline that would go below her belly button. It had a thin strap connecting the two halves of the dress to ensure the dress had the potential to stay connected over her boobs.
"I guess these are good options. You won't be arrested and they are certainly crazy sexy," I said.
Sara smiled and then looked through a few more racks and handed me two items. The first was a black sequined backless mini dress with a plunging neckline that would extend below my belly button. It had a strap to connect the two sides but it was pretty low with the top strap being just above the belly button. The second outfit was a red backless deep vee cowl neck mini dress that also opened to near my belly button. On this one there wasn't any strap to hold the sides together.
"Ok, I can live with these, but I think both of us will be falling out of our dresses if we aren't careful. We certainly cannot wear bras with these. Maybe pasties or tape," I said.
"I wasn't planning on us wearing bras anyway," Sara replied excitedly. "Let's go try them on."
Sara and I got changing rooms next to each other and we each tried on outfits and then came out for opinions. Sara looked amazing in all three outfits and she ultimately chose the black slashed mini dress. She had to adjust her boobs to fit under the 2-3 inch strap across the front and it was imperative that the dress remained snug across the front for her boobs not to fall out. It seemed like it would.
For me, both dresses fit well. I didn't have any tape so it didn't take much for a nipple slip. I tried a couple dance moves in both of them and as soon as I bent down or swayed too fast to the side the fabric struggled to stay in front of my breast. The most risky dress for me was the red mini because it had no ties in the front; however the other dress really wasn't much better since the straps were so low.
Sara examined me closely and said, "I think you look amazing in both, but I think you should go with the red one. I'm definitely jealous and wish I had chosen than one."
"You can have this one," I offered up quickly.
"Nope, I want to see you in that tonight. I think my black and your red dresses together will look smashing."
"Okay," I said. "Let's go look for some tape and some shoes."
"Forget the tape," Sara said. "But let's go look at panties and shoes. I need something to go with this outfit."
On the way to the underwear section I said, "If I don't have tape I'm going to be flashing all night."
"You'll be fine," Sara said. "Just be careful. I think tape looks bad and the adhesive will come loose while dancing anyway." That was true in my one experience in the past wearing tape to hold my dress. It also did a number on my skin.
We each chose black thongs to go with our outfits since our dresses were snug around our bottoms and we didn't want any seams to show. After we paid for our items we went to another store to find shoes and I bought some sexy black strappy sandals with 3 inch heels that I thought would be comfortable enough for dancing. Sara decided to go with her 3-inch pumps that she wore the night before.
After we returned to the hotel we spent some time relaxing and then had a light dinner. By 8 PM we headed up to our rooms to get ready. We agreed to meet at 9PM in my room and then take a taxi to the dance club that was at another hotel on the Strip.
Precisely at 9PM Sara knocked on my door. I was just finishing my hair and stepped out of the bathroom to get the door.
"Hey," I said as I opened the door. Sara looked amazing. Her wavy blonde hair extended about 6 inches below her shoulders in both the front and back and was curled on the ends. She had bangs just to the top of her eyelids and had black mascara outlining her eyes. Her facial makeup was done perfectly and her lips looked almost natural with a little bit of color and shine. Her dress also fit every curve of her body as though it was made especially for her. She had four strips of fabric that covered her incredible boobs and near washboard abs, plus a few thin strips of fabric to form the neck of the dress and her tight-fitting mini bottom. The top strip of fabric went across the middle of her largish boobs and mainly covered her nipples and not much else. Below her boobs were three more strips with the lowest strip just above her belly button. Below that was a strip of bare skin and then the bottom section of her mini dress. The mini bottom just covered her ass and barely covered her crotch. Her shoes were also incredibly sexy and her black toenail polish matched the shoes and dress.
I was really struck by her beauty. "You look incredible," I said as I stepped back into the room. I stood there looking a moment more and then realized I was staring. "I just need to get my sandals on and then I'm ready."
"I was going to say the same thing to you," Sara replied as she walked in. "That dress is going to cause people to trip over themselves. Me included!"
"I have never worn anything near this racy."
"Me either. I'm just bringing a credit card, cash, and my driver's license in this small purse. I left everything else in the room just in case I lose it."
"That's a great idea," I said as I sat down on the edge of the bed. "I'll do the same."
I leaned forward to put on my sandals and realized my breasts were not touching any fabric as the front of my dress extended out from my body. If someone were looking they would see just about everything. I got both of my shoes on and looked up at Sara as I straightened and realized she probably got a good view.
"You look fabulous," she said. "I love that outfit and shoes. It's so sexy." Sara stood there admiring me as I reached for my purse.
"Thanks," I said. "I'm afraid I'm going to be giving people a show tonight if I'm not careful."
"If you do it will be the best show they have seen. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?" she said laughing.
"Ha, I hope so!" I emptied my purse of everything except the essentials and we headed down for a taxi. It was still quite warm out and the bell boy practically ran to us to offer help.
"Just a taxi would be great," I said. He then motioned for a car and one pulled up immediately.
When we arrived at the dance club there was a very long line out the door that may have had 100 people. We got into the line at the end. "I didn't realize it would be this busy yet," Sara said. "I hope we can get in."
"Me too. Do we have a backup plan?"
"Unfortunately no, but I'm sure we can find something if we need to try elsewhere. Maybe the bouncers at the front can give us suggestions. Let's give it a few minutes and see if the line is moving."
"Okay," I said. We stood there and watched people for several minutes and several more people added to the line behind us. The line didn't move much and it wasn't looking promising.
Then one of the bouncers started walking down line of people, talking to a few along the way, and he finally got to us and stopped. "Hello, ladies. Do you have a VIP reservation with us?" he asked.
"Unfortunately no," Sara replied. "I really hope we can get in."
The bouncer looked us up and down and said, "I think I can find you a spot. Come with me ladies."
Sara and I looked at each other with excitement and we followed him to the front of the line. "Let me see your IDs." We gave them to him and then we got stamped on our hands. "Follow me."
He brought us to two seats on the end of the bar and let the bar tender know he was seating us there. "The bar tender's name is Jamie and she will take care of you. If you are going to do any dancing, feel free to leave your purses with her behind the bar if you don't want to leave them out or carry them."
"Great! Thanks!" Sara said and the bouncer winked and headed back to the door.
We sat down and the music was blaring. I felt the thumping of the base in my body like it was driving my heart rate. The place was big and the dance floor was fairly busy. Near the dance floor there were platforms with women wearing something close to a bikini top and very short shorts dancing in a very erotic way. There were some tables spread around with a few of them empty with signs that said "Reserved for VIP" and a bouncer watching over them. To one side we could see the DJ dancing as he worked. We ordered a couple of drinks and observed the scene for a while. It was hard to talk to each other without yelling.
After about fifteen minutes a song came on that Sara really liked. It was a good dance tune and Sara grabbed my arm. "Let's dance to this one," she yelled.
"Hang on," I said. I looked at Jamie who already had a tab set up for us and held up my purse. Jamie saw and came over immediately.
"You want me to keep those safe?" she asked.
"That would be great," I yelled back. "Thank you!"
Jamie took our purses and we headed to the middle of the dance floor and started rocking to the beat. It was a good song and it was followed by several more good songs. We danced together for at least four or five more.
While dancing I noticed several guys who were dancing with women checking us out. I smiled but tried to focus on the music and Sara. I also knew that anybody looking from the right direction was probably getting a good view of my tits and I tried to keep upright as much as possible to keep them from falling out of my dress.
As we kept dancing Sara got more into it and began dancing with her arms and hands stretched above her head. She was a great dancer. The only problem was that her single band of fabric that went across her boobs was slipping as she twisted and reached for the ceiling. Her boobs were falling out underneath the band of fabric and I could see the bottoms of both areolas. It was the weight of her boobs and the bouncing that was the problem.
I tried looking at her to get her attention but she was lost into the music with her eyes closed and I didn't want to ruin it for her. When the song ended I stepped toward her and said, "Your top is slipping." She looked down and saw that both nipples were mostly exposed and also were quite hard. I glanced to my side and saw a couple guys staring.
"Oh!" she said. "Thanks." She tugged down the band of fabric to cover herself but her hard nipples stretched the fabric. "Let's take a breather," she yelled as the next song was starting. "I'm starting to perspire too much."
"Me too."
We went back to our seats to cool off. We finished our drinks and then we ordered a new round. "There were so many guys checking you out," Sara yelled over the music. "You are such a good dancer!"
"Nothing compared to you. I think the guys were looking at you," I smiled and thought of how good she looked on the dance floor. She really knew how to move to the music in a seductive way.
Just then a couple older guys showed up in front of us. They were probably in their early to mid-40s. "Would you both like to dance?" one of them asked? The guy asking was one of the guys who I noticed was staring at us on the dance floor a few minutes ago. His shirt was unbuttoned half-way down and I could see his skin was shiny from perspiration. His friend was standing behind and to his left and was staring at me. I looked back at Sara who was responding to the guy. He was leaning down so that she could speak into his ear. They talked back and forth for a few minutes and then the guy stepped back and talked with his friend.
Sara leaned forward to talk to me without having the need to yell. "I told them we were going to take a break for a while. I hope that is okay with you. I wasn't interested in them."
"Fine with me. I saw those guys on the dance floor staring at you when your top slipped."
She laughed. "He said they thought we were the most beautiful girls they had ever seen. I couldn't stop laughing. He also said his friend could not keep his eyes off of you."
"I saw him staring at me the whole time," I said. "It was a little creepy."
"I think he was eying up your boobs. Your top shifted to the side as you leaned into the bar and for a while your boob was pretty much out there for viewing," she said with a big smile.
I looked down and saw the fabric caught on my left nipple, and if not for that my entire breast would be hanging out. I brought my hand up immediately to fix it and Sara grabbed my arm.
"Give them a little show," she said. "Let them get all horny and excited. They aren't going to get anything from us but it is fun to tease, right? You said you like to be an exhibitionist sometimes, so give them a little exhibition." She looked at me with pleading eyes. "God I wish I chose that outfit. It's so fucking hot. I'm also getting horny looking at it," she laughed.
My exhibition experience was at topless or nude beaches, or walking around braless in public where my nipples could faintly be seen. Flashing people in a dance club was a new experience. Sure I have worn very sexy and revealing dresses, but not quite this revealing.
I glanced over at the guys who were standing about ten feet away talking to each other while still stealing glances over at us. "I think you got the hottest outfit," I replied. "There is no way I would look as good as you in that."
I looked down at her dress and her rock hard nipples were quite visible stretching the band of fabric. Her left nipple was starting to poke out again underneath the band, and the bottom of her dress was so short that I could see her thong between her spread legs. I tightened my legs since mine would also probably show if I wasn't careful.
"Your nipple is coming out again," I said. Sara had a fairly light colored tan that looked nice against the black fabric of her dress and her brownish nipples stood out against the color of her skin. Mine weren't as brown as hers but they also tended to stand out against my skin and were pretty visible if I went braless in a white shirt.
She looked down. "I'll let it be for now," she winked. "I'll fix it before we go dance again."
I brought my hand down to my waist and I resisted the urge to fix my dress. We continued talking and Sara was describing some of the hot guys on the dance floor behind me. She was telling me which guys she wanted to dance with if they weren't attached to the current women they were with.
"Now that guy is totally hot," she says. He looks like he is about mid-twenties and he can really dance. If he came up here right now and asked me to go to his room I would go."
"Sara!" I couldn't believe she said that. I had to look and I twisted my torso to see behind me.
"The guy in the white tight t-shirt and black pants," she said.
I spotted him and then realized my left breast was now sitting between the folds of my open dress completely exposed. I twisted back toward Sara and saw the old guys staring intently at me.
"He's cute", I said. I waited a moment to give the older guys a good look and then I put my breast back inside my dress. I saw their disappointment after the view was gone.
"Those guys are going to cream their pants if you aren't careful." Sara laughed out loud.
"I hope they do. Then they might find something else to stare at."
We continued talking for several more minutes and then we noticed the two guys we met last night enter the club. One of them saw us and smiled as they were led to a table on the other side of the dance floor.
"Let's dance to this one," Sara said. She got up first and grabbed my hand and led me to the middle of the dance floor and we faced each other and started moving to the music.
We danced for a couple songs and then during the third song the two guys we saw at the bar yesterday appeared next to us. Sara turned to face one of them and I turned to face the other. Both were very cute and well-groomed clean-cut guys with what appeared to be nice athletic-looking bodies. They had nice shirts with black pants, and both guys danced really well. Sara and I had to step up our game to keep up with them.
Sara raised her hands above her head and moved to the music with her eyes closed, almost in a trance like before. She was really into the song and looked incredible as she moved to the music especially as the lights began to strobe. The only problem was that her breasts bounced up and down and her boobs began to slip under the fabric again. By the end of the song the bottoms of her nipples where about half exposed.
The next song started up immediately so I could not say anything and she continued swaying with her eyes closed much of the time. I decided to focus on the music and the guy in front of me rather than worry about Sara's outfit. He was smiling but not staring, and he was really enjoying the dancing. I let myself go. I raised my hands and swayed to the music, then lowered my torso and twisted when he did. It was like we were in unison as we danced. I knew I probably came out of my top several times but I ignored it and focused on the music.
We danced two or three more songs and then there was a pause. One of the guys leaned into Sara and said something. I heard her replying "Sure", and then she stepped over to me and asked if I minded going to their table.
"That's fine," I said. "You might want to fix your top first." Her hard nipples were out of her dress and only the tops of them were still under the band of fabric that had risen.
Sara tugged the fabric strip down and winked at me. Then we headed to their table.
The table was a high-top that seemed meant for two people but had four high chairs. John, the guy Sara was dancing with, introduced himself and Clay. They already knew Sara's name from the time they met briefly yesterday.
"Hi, I'm Katie," I said and extended my hand. Each of them shook it and we sat down.
"I hadn't heard of this place when you mentioned it yesterday," John said to Sara. "This place is kind of crazy and was really difficult to get in."
"Did you wait through the line?" I asked.
"No, we waited for about 20 minutes and then we ended up tipping the bouncer really well. The line was not really moving at all. What did you do? Did you have a reservation?"
"No we were surprised by the line. We thought it would get busy after we arrived," I replied.
"I think we got in because of these," Sara laughed as she pointed to her breasts and mine. I was a little embarrassed by that but it was probably true. The guys laughed and shook their heads in agreement.
The waiter came moments later and Sara picked up the drinks menu on the table.
"Can I get you something?" the waiter asked.
"Ooh! I want a Cumshot," Sara said with a big grin on her face. There was a shots list and she pointed to it on the menu. "I haven't had one of those since college." At first I was shocked at what I heard her say and then I realized that it was in fact a drink. I remembered having one also during college.
"Ok, one Cumshot," the waiter said giggling. "And you?" he said looking at me.
"I'll have a Chardonnay." They guys ordered some tequila shots to go with Sara's.
The drinks came about ten minutes later and Sara looked at the creamy drink. John said, "Cheers" and we all touched glasses and took a drink. I sipped my wine with the other three downed their shots.
"How was it?" I yelled to Sara. She had a little cream on her lips and she cleaned it off with her tongue.
"Not bad! Not as good as the real thing though," she laughed. I think I went beet red immediately and I saw the guys smile at each other.
Over the next twenty minutes we discussed what we did for work. Sara and I explained we were both involved in sales with pharmaceuticals, and John and Clay were partners at a software company based in Florida. They were in Las Vegas to meet with some customers who were here for a convention. Both men seemed like real gentlemen and neither seemed to focus their attention on Sara's or my revealing dresses. They looked at our faces the whole time when we were talking.
I probably spent the most time checking out Sara's situation to see if her fabric was slipping. It seemed to stay put however she didn't do a great job adjusting after dancing and I could still see a little bit of her left nipple below the fabric. Her nipples were still both pretty hard and there was not much left to the imagination as to what lied beneath the fabric. Most of her breasts were exposed already by design of the dress.
Several good songs came on while we were talking and I think Clay could see that I was sort of dancing in my chair to some of them. When a new song came on Clay asked if we would like to dance again.
"Yes!" I said since I particularly liked the one playing.
Sara jumped off her chair as well and we headed out to the floor. We danced for several songs and then they played YMCA. Of course Sara did what everybody was doing by spelling out the letters with her arms and the guys did the same, so I joined in as well. The only problem was that my dress swayed with my movements and I know I flashed Clay and John several times not to mention who else was looking. Sara on the other hand came out of her dress again and even she noticed it this time and tugged on her fabric once during the song. But her nipples were out most of the time and she ended up fixing her dress again at the end of the song.
A slow song came next and Clay stepped forward and asked if I would dance with him. John did the same with Sara and we both said yes. Clay and I started the song with space between us but as the song went along we got closer and our bodies merged into one. He was a great leader and we ended up dancing the next song which was also slow. I couldn't tell for sure but I thought I may have felt his hard penis a couple times as we got very close.
After the songs we went back to the table and I went to grab our purses and pay the bill for our drinks. I wanted to release the bar stools as well since it didn't seem like we were going to be sitting there again. When I headed back to the table Sara met me and was headed to the bathroom. I needed to go as well so we went to the back.
On the way and where there was less noise from the music, Sara said, "Clay offered to go to a quieter bar at their hotel if we wanted. He said it had a great view of the city."
"What did you say? Do you want to do that?"
"I could stop dancing. My feet are a little sore and I would like to spend more time with John. I think he is really cute."
"Fuckable cute?" I asked smiling.
"Yeah he is definitely fuckable," she said nodding her head and grinning. "We'll see. So what do you think?"
"My feet are sore also so I would be happy with that."
"Great! Maybe we will dance one more song and then go."
After the bathroom we went back to the table and Sara mentioned we would go to the bar but wanted to dance one or two more songs.
"Sure, absolutely," Clay said.
Sara, Clay, and I headed to the dance floor while John made a quick call. He followed us moments later and we danced to a couple more songs. Then we returned to the table to collect our purses and pay the bill.
"We have a car waiting outside," John said.
We headed out and a car service was waiting for us. It took us to a place just off the strip and we headed inside and up the elevator to the top floor. The bar had both an inside and outside and had a wonderful view of the city. It was very elegant inside and had pleasant little booths where we could huddle and enjoy the music and conversation.
Before the waiter arrived John asked what we wanted to drink. "Another Cumshot?" John asked Sara as he teased her.
"I might have one later," Sara replied. The way she said it made me wonder if she meant the drink and I don't think that was her intent. I ordered a Chardonnay and Sara ordered the same.
The drinks came and we sat and enjoyed the conversation and the view. Clay and John talked a little more about their business and mentioned that they came to Las Vegas every few months. Neither of them was married which confirmed the lack of rings on their fingers. You never know when a married man doesn't wear a ring, but in their case neither of them was married nor had been in the past. We also established for them that Sara and I also were single, with Sara divorced in the past year, and none of us had significant others or were dating steadily. They both seemed like genuinely nice guys which I never expected to meet in Las Vegas. I was taking a liking to Clay and he seemed to like me as well. Sara and John also seemed to be hitting if off.
A slow song came up and Clay asked me to dance. We danced closely and he hugged me after the first song. The song was followed by two more slow songs, and at the end of those songs Clay stood a couple feet away from me and looked at me while holding both of my hands.
"It's amazing how comfortable I feel dancing with you. I'm not normally a dancer, but I sure like dancing with you."
"Thanks. You are a really good dancer. I hope you know that. I'm also really enjoying it."
Clay stepped closer. "Thanks." He gave me a hug and then we parted briefly and looked into each other's eyes. I'm not sure if it was him or me that started it, but our faces came together and we kissed. He hugged me again and said, "That was nice."
I smiled back at him as we went back to our booth. As we approached we saw Sara and John sitting close together and kissing. I paused but then they stopped when they realized we were nearly at the table.
We spent another hour sipping our drinks and having an occasional dance. When it was time to either order new drinks or leave, Sara said to me, "John told me they are sharing a penthouse suite and they have an outdoor pool!"
"The hotel has a pool?" I was confused. Every hotel in Vegas has a pool.
"No, they have their own personal pool overlooking the city!"
"Really?" I thought I knew where this was going.
"Yes," John said. It's a rarity in Vegas but we have one. It has a great view.
"Wow, that is really nice," I said. Sara was giving me that look and sort of mouthed "I want to see it."
"You are welcome to check out the view if you want," John offered. "I know it is weird having two strange men you just met offer to take you to their room, but I promise you we are completely safe." I didn't really think otherwise.
"I would like to see it," Sara blurted out before I could respond.
"Sure," I said.
Clay paid the bill and then we took the elevators to their floor. There were several penthouse suites in this hotel.
Clay opened the door and Sara and I were the first to enter. He then gave us a tour of the suite. It was huge. It had two king bedrooms, and dining room, a living room, at least 3 bathrooms, wet bar, and a sauna. I was blown away. And outside was a pool overlooking the city.
"Oh my God!" Sara exclaimed. "This is the most awesome room I have ever seen!" She went outside and looked at the pool and then stood next to the clear-glass railing that protected the edge while providing for an awesome view. John stepped outside with her and Clay and I looked from inside.
A few minutes later Sara walked back into the room with John trailing. "That is so amazing! I want to swim in a pool like that someday."
"You can," Clay offered. "We haven't used it so somebody definitely should before we leave."
Sara looked at me with those pleading but hopeful eyes.
"We don't have anything to wear," I said looking at Sara.
"I'm not sure we do either," Clay said. I have my underwear only.
"I brought my suit," John said. "We could give you some under-shirts maybe but I'm afraid that is all I have to offer."
"I don't even have those," Clay said. "With the warm weather I left those at home."
"I'll go in an undershirt," Sara blurted out before I could respond. "I mean if it is ok with everyone else. I don't want to intrude."
"It's fine with me," John said laughing. "We've got a couple bottles of wine so we can relax outside and enjoy the view if you want. It's kind of chilly in here anyway. Come with me if you want to see what I have got."
Sara followed John toward his bedroom and she turned to look at me motioning with her eyes for me to follow. I looked at Clay who just smiled while observing what just happened. I gave him a look and then followed Sara into John's bedroom so that we could talk. John had two wife-beater white tank t-shirts on the bed and he had his swim trunks in his hand.
"I'll leave and let you change." John walked out and shut the door.
"What you are doing?" I asked. "Are you sure you want to be in a wet t-shirt in their pool?"
"I think they have seen just about everything I have to show anyway," she laughed. "Anyway, yes I would like to do it. When will I ever get the chance to be in a hotel room pool with this view? I also want to see John with his shirt off." She winked. "If you don't want to I don't mind if you hang out inside or even go back to our hotel. I thought you and Clay were hitting if off. I can keep it short."
"We are I guess. "I'm not going to leave you either. We leave together."
"Thank you."
Sara pealed the neck of her dress over her head and began removing it. Moments later she was standing before me in her thong and high heels. I have to admit I was taken by her beauty. Her breasts were larger than mine and were firm, but they appeared natural. Her darkish nipples were still somewhat hard and looked inviting in some strange way and I noticed I stared at them the longest. Her tummy was flat and she had really nice toned muscles in her arms and legs. Her ex-husband was an idiot for letting her go.
Sara then grabbed one of the t-shirts and put it on. It came past her waist and just to the opening between her legs. Her nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric.
"Should I keep these on?" she asked as she looked at her thong.
"Yes, definitely."
She looked up at me. "How do I look?"
"You look fantastic in a wife-beater."
Sara laughed. "What are you going to do?"
"I guess I'll join you," I said.
"Great! I'm so glad you said that."
"I don' think we have too much to hide that they haven't already seen tonight. You were flashing most of the night on the dance floor and I know I was falling out left and right."
"Yes you were," she smiled.
"Great," I said sarcastically.
There wasn't much to getting out of my dress. I just slipped it over the sides of my shoulders and down my dress went. I stood in front of Sara naked except for my thong and shoes. I took my shoes off as well and then stood facing her and looking at the t-shirt on the bed.
"You look absolutely magnificent. I'm really jealous," she said staring at me and smiling as though she was partly kidding. I had nothing on her and just smiled in response.
Sara watched me as I put on the t-shirt. It went a little further down on me since I'm a little shorter. "You look great," Sara said.
Sara took off her shoes and ran her fingers through her hair in front of the mirror and then turned. "Ready?"
I nodded and Sara opened the door. We walked out into the living area and John was standing there in his swim trunks. Clay was standing next to him in a towel. "Is he going nude?" I thought. Both were shirtless and had really nice bodies.
Both guys said "Wow" at the same time and I blushed. I knew my nipples were standing at attention and clearly visible like Sara's. Once wet it would almost be pointless wearing the t-shirt. I've been topless at many beaches so it wasn't like this was my first time with strangers seeing me, but being with these two guys that I now knew it seemed different. Maybe because I liked Clay it seemed weird to be so exposed in front of his friend. I also found that I was attracted to Sara's body in some strange way, and although I have found many women to be attractive, there was something different that I couldn't explain.
Sara giggled at the guys and started for the door leading to the outside. I followed her and the guys followed me. Clay had a bottle of wine and some glasses. We stepped outside and the pool did look inviting. It was hot and probably still in the upper 80s. The high that day was well over 100.
Sara and I found shallow steps into the pool. When Sara got to the bottom she submerged herself except for her hair which she tried to keep dry but the bottom was wet. She then stood facing all of us. Her shirt was practically transparent. I looked up at John and Clay. Clay still had is towel wrapped around him and he was setting down the wine and glasses by the edge of the pool. John was standing near the edge looking directly at Sara and I noticed what could possibly be a tent forming in the front of his swim trunks.
"This is awesome!" Sara said and she turned and walked toward the opposite edge to look out over the city. She has a lot of bravery I thought.
John stepped into the pool and walked up to Sara to join her in looking out over the city. I was still standing on the lower step and decided to sit down on the step above. The water came up to just about the bottom of my breasts. Clay then removed his towel and I saw he was wearing white boxer briefs. He saw me looking.
"That's all I have," he said as he shrugged his shoulders. It's either this or nothing.
"Oh, did we have a choice to choose your outfit?" I teased. "Because I might have chosen the nothing outfit," I laughed.
He grinned and came around to the steps and entered the pool next to me until he was all the way in. He stood facing me. His underwear was partially wet but not all the way wet because of his height. I found myself staring at his underwear and his very nice body. He was essentially hairless on top, had well defined and toned muscles, and had a nice light tan. His forearms looked fairly strong and his legs also seemed like he played sports or worked out since I could see some of his muscles before he stepped into the pool.
"So what do you think?"
He caught me by surprise since I was looking at his underwear at the time and my first thought was that I liked what I saw.
"Huh?" was the first reactive thing to come to my brain. "Um, this is great," I recovered.
Clay lowered himself to get completely wet and then stood again facing me. More bravery I thought. He was willing or wanted me to see his penis. It was either partially erect or just big and it became much more visible with wet underwear. His shorts weren't quite as transparent as our shirts, but they definitely didn't hide what was underneath either when wet. I was staring again at his crotch.
"Let's check it out," he said. I looked up, again partially confused and then realized he meant to go to the edge where Sara and John were.
"Let's get you wet first," he said playfully and splashed a little water on my chest.
"Stop!" I said laughing.
John held out his hands and I took them. He then pulled me forward with enough force to pull me into him before I could get my footing. The water was up to my neck and my face was planted almost squarely on his penis, but he stepped back just in time to avoid that awkward situation. With my hands still in his he helped me stand and I stood facing him. The water was just above my waist, and like Sara, I too was now wearing a transparent top. He looked me up and down and smiled.
"Now we are even, and I love your selection of swimming attire." His smile grew and I laughed as I took a playful swing at him and hit is chest.
We turned to walk over to Sara and John. John's arm was around Sara's waist and they were looking out over the city. As we approached Sara and John turned and smiled at me. I could see they both took notice of my breasts.
"It's wonderful, isn't it?" Sara said and then turned back toward the city.
We could hear music playing from the bar and the lights from the city were spectacular. It really was a romantic place.
"This suite must be a fortune," I said. I was trying not to bring that up earlier because I didn't want to focus on how much money these guys must have owning a company, but it slipped out.
"It's really not that bad," Clay said. "John has connections with a hotel senior manager and we come here often enough and gamble too, so that enables them to knock quite a bit off the price. John is a much bigger gambler than me so whatever he is doing, they like it."
"It's about volume. Generally I do ok."
"Well this is something," I said. "I could get used to this."
"Would anyone like some wine?" Clay asked.
We all said yes and Clay made his way back to the other side of the pool to fill glasses. When he was done filling them I walked toward him since I knew he needed help carrying four glasses. I walked toward him with as sexy of a walk as I could muster while wading in water. Clay turned to look at me and watched me approach. I then dipped myself as I approached and stood up in front of him a few feet away with a freshly transparent shirt. His eyes went from mine to my breasts and he remained focused there. I shook them a little and felt my nipples stretching the fabric.
I smiled. "I came to help you carry the drinks."
Clay looked up to my eyes almost disappointed and then smiled back. I approached him and then got on my toes to give him a quick kiss. I let my fingers trail down his chest as I stepped back and then reached forward for two glasses. I looked down and his penis was larger than before and still cocked to the side.
When I turned toward Sara and John I saw they were hugging and John's hand was behind Sara resting on the top of her ass. Sara saw me approaching and she stepped back and faced me. I handed both of them their drinks and smiled. Sara took a sip and set her glass on the edge of the pool.
"I'm so glad we did this," Sara said. "This is a once in a lifetime experience." She lowered herself into the water up to her neck and then sat on the step. Her darkish nipples and largish breasts were just above the water so that we could all see. John walked toward her and set his wine glass down behind her and then he stood there for a moment taking Sara in. He had a clear tent in the front of his swim trunks and I could tell Sara was aware. I walked to the edge to look out at the city and John sat down next to Sara. Clay then walked up next to me and handed me my glass of wine.
I felt Clay's arm come around my back and he placed his hand on my left waist. "I don't know why, but we have never come out here and done this before. We have had this room twice now."
"You aren't seducing women and inviting them to your pool regularly?" I laughed.
He laughed. "No. We have never had women up here. That's pretty lame, isn't it?"
"No, just endearing."
I leaned into Clay and he squeezed into me. His hand found the outside edge of my thong which was exposes since my shirt had risen. He lightly rubbed the upper side of my left leg and waist, pushing his hand slightly under my shirt to stay on bare skin. I wanted to kiss him again but not in front of the others.
Clay and I stood there like this for several minutes and then I turned to look at Sara. She and John were still sitting side by side and they were kissing. I saw John's left hand on Sara's right breast massaging it. Her shirt was pulled in so that her breast was hanging out through the large arm hole. She looked up at me and she stopped kissing.
"Sorry," I said. "It was quiet back there." John removed his hand and turned his torso toward me and Clay. Sara's breast remained hanging out in the open. She didn't seem to know or care.
I tried not to stare and smiled and turned back toward the city and set my glass down. Clay set his glass down also and then placed his hand on my waist again.
"I'm going to head inside to use the bathroom," Sara said.
"Okay, we'll be here," I replied. I looked back about 20 seconds later and saw Sara from behind as she was entering the Suite. John was just stepping out of the pool and clearly following her.
"I'm going to get her a towel," John said as he ducked into the room. Clay and I were alone.
"I don't know what you did when you walked over to me to get that wine, but it's all I can think about."
"Yeah, you liked that?"
"I loved it."
"What did you like about it?" I asked as I turned to face him.
"The look on your face, the way you walked, the dip in the water, how you shook your boobs, the kiss that followed, and that you are incredibly beautiful."
I lowered myself into the pool to submerge my top again. I looked at his crotch for a moment with hungry eyes noticing its shape and how it had moved from pointing down and to the side to now pointing up and to the side. It has risen. I slowly stood while keeping my eyes on his cock and then I slowly let my gaze move up his body to his eyes. I stared into his eyes seductively and then leaned my torso back and shook by breasts side to side. I looked down at them briefly and saw my right breast almost came out of the arm hole and my hard nipple seemed to catch the edge of the fabric. Part of my nipple was out and I didn't fix it.
"Is that what you liked?" I said playfully.
"Yes, that and the kiss." He stared at my breasts. I stepped forward and got on my toes to kiss him. His hands came to my sides as I placed my hands on his shoulders. It was the most passionate kiss we had by far up to that point. When we separated I let my fingers from both hands trail down his chest again making sure I touched both of his nipples. They were hard like mine and sexy and I wanted to see if they felt as nice as they looked. They did.
I stepped back and turned again to look at the view. Clay came around behind me and placed his arms around my front and hugged me from behind. His chin rested on top of my head. "You are absolutely stunning," he said as we looked out.
"You are sweet."
We stood there for several minutes and then I asked, "Do you think they are coming back out?"
"No."
"I think you are right. Sara may be getting her Cumshot," I laughed. Clay laughed hard.
"Yes, I think you may be right."
Clay squeezed me tighter for a hug and kept his forearms and hands crossed in front of me just under my breasts and his upper arms squeezed my breasts together.
"Do you want to get out of the pool?" he asked.
"Yes, I think so. I don't want to be a prune."
"I'll get us some robes."
Clay hopped out and was back outside in under a minute. He was wearing a towel and had two luxurious white robes in his hand. He also had a spare towel.
I walked to the stairs and exited the pool and then walked over to Clay who was near the glass looking over the city. He handed me a towel and I dried my legs and arms. It was warm so I could air dry in minutes. He then extended his hand with the robe. I dropped the towel and turned around so that my back was to Clay. I then crossed my arms and grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt and pulled it over my head and dropped it on the towel. I shook out my hair to straighten it and then turned toward Clay.
Clay held the robe to his side and stared at my topless body. "I figured you have already seen everything," I said.
"I'm still stunned. God you are beautiful"
I smiled and took the robe and put it on. I then turned again, reached inside, and dropped my thong to the floor. I turned again and said, "I need to get off of my feet for a moment. Dancing in new shoes was not the best idea."
"Let's go to the couch then. It has a nice view. Clay put on his robe and dropped the towel from underneath.
We went inside and I took the middle cushion. Clay sat down beside me. "Which foot hurts?"
"Both of them."
"Let me see if I can help." Clay leaned forward and grabbed both of my feet and pulled them up toward his lap. I had to lay down and I rested my head on the pillow.
"You don't have to do that," I said.
"I like rubbing sexy feet, so sit back and relax."
Clay was exceptional. He rubbed my right foot first and then moved it toward his belly as he moved to my left foot. In doing so my right lower calf nudged up against his somewhat stiff penis underneath his robe. I didn't say anything and neither did he.
Clay was shy and I could tell it wasn't easy for him to generate conversation, but he tried. "I can't believe how incredible it is that the sexiest girls in Vegas ended up in our pool in wet t-shirts. We could not have made that happen in a million years if we had planned it."
"I am not the sexiest by far. Besides, you ended up in the equivalent of a wet t-shirt except it was your underwear. We couldn't have planned that, I smiled."
"True. I think we got the better end of the deal though. The dresses you had on were by far the sexiest dresses I have ever seen. I can't imagine many women having the guts to wear those in public and you both looked amazing in them. "I am really missing that red dress and the wet t-shirt right now," he said laughing as he looked at me.
"You are silly but sweet. How about this?" I loosened the tie and opened the top of my robe so that it had about the same opening as my dress which was naval to neck. I pulled the sides so that the inner sides of my breasts were exposed.
"I like that a lot."
I felt his penis get harder against my leg. "You can do the same for me."
Clay loosened his knot and spread the top of his robe and twisted his body toward mine. "Like that?"
"Yeah. What have you got going on down there next to my leg?"
Clay looked a little embarrassed and said, "Sorry, I can't help it. Looking at you does that to me." Clay placed my feet on the floor and leaned on top of me and then he pressed his lips into mine. As I parted my lips to let his tongue inside I felt his right hand on my right thigh under my robe. He rubbed my leg.
Clay's tongue did circles around my tongue and I subconsciously put my left hand on his chest inside his robe. His right nipple hardened under my thumb and I gently teased it.
We kissed passionately for a few minutes while our hands explored our bodies. Clay then moved his hand up and caressed my neck and top of my shoulder initially and then moved his hand down to caress my upper left arm.
When Clay stopped kissing me he sat up a little stared down at my robe. His hand was just above my left elbow. I looked down and saw my robe was pulled to the side exposing my left breast completely.
"Sorry," Clay said. "Honestly that was not my intent." He continued to stare at my breast and looked up at my eyes occasionally to make sure I was okay with him looking.
"So is this what you do in your penthouse every night? You get women into your pool and then get them into your robe?" I was smiling but also curious about his answer.
"Ha! I'm quite boring in Vegas so this is definitely a first for me. But if it was you in my pool I would be lying if I said I didn't want you naked in my robe every night."
Clay leaned forward and brought his lips to mine. I opened my mouth and extended my tongue into his mouth. Clay rubbed my left arm initially and I placed my left hand back on his chest. He then slipped his hand under my arm pit and caressed the side of my breast.
When we stopped kissing, Clay said, "You are incredibly sexy. I've never kissed a woman as pretty as you."
"I find that hard to believe, and you are a wonderful kisser by the way. I haven't kissed very many men that enjoy kissing like you do."
"Really? I could kiss you for hours."
"Hmmm, that sounds interesting," I said. I wanted to continue but I was a little uncomfortable. My legs were still on the floor and my hips were twisted. "I need to stretch out my legs." Clay stood up and I brought my feet up onto the couch.
As I situated myself in the middle of the cushions I noticed my robe had mostly come untied. It was barely together at my waist and the top was completely open. I looked up at Clay who was staring at both of my breasts now. I moved my hands to find the edges of the robe so that I could close it but it was bunched up underneath me. As I tried to pull the sides of my robe out from under me Clay climbed on top of me placed both knees on the robe which pulled it open even more. Clay seemed pleased that I was topless underneath him as he straddled me.
"Hey, wait a minute," I said. "This isn't fair." I smiled up at him not really caring that I was topless underneath him.
"You have the most beautiful tits."
"They could be a little bigger."
"No, they are perfect just as they are, and they aren't that small."
"Again you are sweet. I thought you would like Sara's better than mine."
"Hers are very nice, but not as nice as yours."
I smiled. I admit it made me feel good that he liked how I looked. "Well it's only fair if I get to see you too."
On the top of my thigh I felt Clay's testicles and I could partially see his cock poking from out of his nearly open robe. Clay opened his robe.
"You mean this?"
He looked very hard. The head of his cock was purplish and it looked big. He was circumcised, and at the tip I could see a drop of fluid forming.
I laughed. "Yes, that."
Clay leaned down to kiss me again and drove his tongue between my lips. He supported himself with his left forearm and he placed his right hand on my left breast and gently squeezed it.
His touch reminded me of how hard and sensitive my nipples were. Clay continued to kiss me and then stopped briefly to kiss my neck. He gently kissed my left ear lobe and then moved down between my breasts and finally over to my right nipple. He flicked his tongue and gently sucked on it, and then he moved to my left and did the same. Finally he kissed his way back up to my mouth.
I felt Clay's cock brush up against my inner thigh near my pussy. "What's going on down there?" I asked teasingly.
"Sorry," Clay responded. "I think your robe came undone." He sat up and I could see his robe and mine were completely open. The tip of his hard cock was pointing mostly upward and was just beyond my pussy.
"You've been kissing and fondling my tits, so I think it is only fair that you give me a better look at what you are poking me with."
Clay smiled and looked at my pussy momentarily and then moved forward a little so that his balls were resting up against my pussy and his cock pointed upward from there.
"How about this?"
I reached out and touched the tip and tugged. "Oh God," Clay said as he shifted forward to make himself more reachable.
"A little closer" I said. I kept my fingers on the tip with a slight pull.
Clay moved forward to where he was now straddling my waist and his balls were just below my belly button. I released my hand so that I could get a better view. His cock was across my stomach pointing at me and big bubbles were oozing out of the tip.
"You seem to be leaking," I said with a soft giggle.
"You are going to make me cum right here if you aren't careful."
He placed both of his hands on my breasts and played with them. I placed my fingers around his shaft and softly stroked it with my fingertips. He was fairly thick and definitely long.
"Let me see," I said. I pulled on his cock.
Clay shifted forward with my tugging so that his knees were just below my arm pits. His cock settled between my breasts.
Clay looked stunned. My breasts were squeezed together by his legs and his cock rested on top of them pointing directly at my face. I released my hand again to have a better look. His pre-cum was oozing out his hole which seemed to be getting larger. There was quite a lot smeared around the tip and a stringy drip was hanging below the tip and just above my neck.
"Oh my God, Katie. You are going to make me lose it."
Clay reached down to caress my aching nipples and I closed my eyes and reached up and lightly caressed his cock with my fingertips. Clay moaned in appreciation.
After a moment I whispered, "You have a sexy cock. I can't help it."
I tugged again. "A little closer, please."
Clay shifted his hips forward just a little and I pulled his cock down toward my mouth and I licked the pre-cum off the head.
Clay moaned, "Mmmmm," and shuttered as my tongue licked sensitive places. His facial expression still looked like he was stunned that he was in this position.
"That was tasty," I said as I licked my lips. I looked up and saw more pre-cum starting to appear.
"God you are sexy."
I lifted my head and licked the tip again and then took a few inches of his cock in my mouth and sucked it before releasing it and lowering my head. I smiled up at Clay and savored his sweet flavor.
"Your mouth feels so nice, Katie."
I stroked his cock a couple times and started to lift my head again and Clay responded by shifting his knees back and hips forward so that his cock was above my face. He placed his hands above my head on the arm of the couch to support his weight. I was able to leave my head on the couch and I pulled him toward my mouth. Clay followed and lowered his hips.
I licked all around the head again and felt Clay shutter and moan once more. I could tell that he liked what I was doing. I tugged a little so that he lowered himself and I wrapped my lips around a couple inches of his cock. His sweet-tasting pre-cum coated my tongue as I gently sucked and stroked him.
"Oh my God Katie," Clay moaned.
I had a couple inches of him in my mouth and I wanted more. I moved my hands to his naked ass and I pulled. Clay sank his cock deeper into my mouth until he almost hit the back of my throat. I almost gagged but didn't. My mouth was completely full and I sucked what seemed like increasing amounts of pre-cum from his cock.
"Oh Fuck, Katie."
Clay then rocked his hips in and out slowly and fucked my mouth.
I have to say that I found this incredibly erotic and I wanted to finger my pussy but I couldn't reach it around Clay's body.
Clay fucked my mouth for less than a minute and then he said, "Oh shit, I'm going to cum." He tried to pull out of my mouth but I kept my hands on his ass and pulled him in. Clay exploded a few seconds later and filled my mouth with his warm sweet and slightly salty liquid. I swallowed it all and continued to suck him until there was nothing left and he begun to soften.
Clay sat back and his cock rested again between my breasts. "Fuck. That was so fucking hot! I'm really sorry I came so quickly. I couldn't help it." He looked disappointed.
"Don't worry," I said. "I wanted to suck and taste you."
"Well you certainly got a taste. I hope it was okay," Clay said.
"More than okay," I replied smiling. "I liked my Cumshot," I laughed referring to the bar drink that Sara got.
Clay laughed. "Not quite the same ingredients as what Sara ordered earlier."
"Better."
Clay grinned and bent down to kiss me on the lips. When he sat up again he said, "May I return the favor?" He reached behind him and placed his fingers on my pussy and began to rub his finger between my lips gently. I was sopping wet.
"Okay," I said. "That would be nice."
Clay smiled and stood up and then moved down between my legs and opened my robe all the way. He lifted my thighs with his arms and my heels rested on his back.
"God your little pussy is cute."
I wasn't sure how to respond to that so I just purred and let him get started. Clay began by licking me softly on the outside of my labia and then moved his tongue inside between my lips. He licked carefully up and down, just flicking his tongue at my clit occasionally. It felt wonderful.
His upper arms were under my thighs and he placed each hand on my breasts. He played with my nipples while he licked me.
"Your pussy tastes amazing," Clay said between licks. He then inserted his tongue inside the opening of my vagina and tried fucking me with his tongue briefly before resuming his up and down licking.
"I'm glad you like it," I purred with a wavering voice as he just touched my clit with his tongue.
"I could eat you all night."
"I might take you up on that."
Clay took his time and eventually began to focus on my clit. He also inserted one and then awhile later a second finger into my pussy. His tongue swirled around my clit while his fingers searched for my g-spot.
My breathing became more labored as he worked my clit and I felt my orgasm approaching. I placed my fingers in his hair and let him know that I liked what he was doing. My soft moans became louder and louder. "Don't stop," I breathed heavily. "Just like that. Oh...yeah." I dug my fingers into his hair pulling his mouth into my pussy. My moans of pleasure became uncontrollable and I began to shriek with pleasure. Clay licked my clit back and forth and fucked my pussy with his fingers, and moments later my orgasm erupted through my body and I cried out uncontrollably as my whole body shook.
Clay kept licking and it became too much. I pushed his head away with my hands and he stopped. He looked up at me and his chin was shiny with my juices.
"Thank you, thank you" I said still panting.
"I should be thanking you. Your pussy tastes wonderful."
I smiled. "Come here," I said. Clay came forward and I pulled him down for a kiss. I shoved my tongue deep into his mouth and tasted myself. It was a taste I was familiar with and always welcome.
When we stopped kissing, Clay said, "Do you mind if use the toilet quickly?"
"Not at all," I said. "I need to go too."
We both went to his bedroom and I went first. When I was done Clay motioned for me to have a seat on the edge of his bed while he went to the bathroom. I had my robe on but it was not tied. I held it around my waist.
Clay returned shortly and was completely naked. His robe was on the floor in the bathroom. He stepped between my feet and leaned down to kiss me, and at the same time he parted my robe and cupped both of my breasts. He then straightened his back and I noticed his big cock was partially hard.
"That was fast," I said.
"You could make anyone hard again in just minutes," he replied.
His cock was slowly rising right in front of my face. I reached with my hand and lifted his cock and then leaned in and gave the head a big wet kiss. I then let it go and patted the top. It was springy and getting harder.
"Hmmmm," I moaned. I leaned forward and took the head of his cock in my mouth and lightly sucked it. I also used my fingers to lightly stroke the underneath side of his balls. Clay moaned and pushed his cock forward and deeper into my mouth. A couple minutes later Clay was completely hard.
I stopped sucking Clay when I heard a package being torn. He had a condom in his hand.
"What are you going to do with that?" I asked.
"To be completely blunt, I was hoping to put this on and fuck the shit out of you," he said grinning.
"That is blunt," I said smiling.
Clay pushed his cock forward and I sucked it briefly. Then he pulled out of my mouth and put the condom on.
His cock was ready, but I wasn't sure if I was ready. I leaned back on the bed on my elbows and placed my heals on the edge of the bed with my legs spread. Clay knew what to do and he kneeled down and began to lick my pussy. It took a few minutes for his tongue to do the trick and he got me nice and wet. I had to push him away before he made me cum again.
Clay climbed onto the bed and I pushed myself fully onto the bed as well. We kissed on the mouth and then Clay kissed and sucked on both of my nipples for a couple minutes. It felt good and I wanted him inside me.
I pushed Clay over and I climbed on top. We kissed for a couple minutes and then he went at my tits again. After another minute of being devoured I reached back and found his mostly hard cock and stroked it a few times and then guided it inside my pussy.
"Oh my God you are tight," Clay said. After slowly taking a little more of him with each thrust I got him fully inside.
"I think you are big."
His thick cock stimulated my clit as I rocked back and forth. I had to slow down or I would cum immediately, so I switched to a more up and down motion and let Clay drive into me.
We fucked like this for a few minutes and then I switched back to slow rocking. Clay fondled my tits and pulled me down to suck on them. His cock was harder than ever. I struggled to contain my pending orgasm and I began to cry out with each thrust. Clay stopped sucking my tits and then rammed his cock into my pussy with rapid thrusts. It felt incredible and I cried out loudly and uncontrollably as my body began to shake again. I was almost in tears from the intensity of my orgasm and it took what seemed like a minute for it to subside.
Clay stopped thrusting as I let him out to recover. "Oh my God," I said.
"Your pussy is absolutely wonderful," Clay said. "Thank you so much for letting me fuck you."
"I think I should be thanking you."
I leaned down to kiss Clay. He pulled me in and we kissed for a few minutes. His cock was still hard beneath me.
Clay rolled me over and got on top of me. I spread my legs up around his sides and he entered me. He took it slow at first and then increased his rhythm. Clay fucked me for a few minutes and then paused and kissed me. While still inside me he sucked on each nipple again.
"I love your tits," he said. "I can't help it. I could suck on them all day."
"I'm happy you like them. It feels really nice," I replied.
Then he sat upright and began to fuck me again. He placed my ankles on his shoulders and held them as he fucked me. I could see his stomach muscles at work and saw a little perspiration forming on his chest. After several minutes Clay stopped and pulled out of me. He was still hard. He grabbed my left foot and brought it down to his mouth and he started sucking on my toes.
"You have the sexiest little feet," Clay said. "I could kiss your entire body. I hope that doesn't sound too weird."
"Your kisses feel nice," I replied. I have been with a couple guys who liked to suck on my toes and I certainly didn't mind.
"You okay?" Clay asked.
"More than okay," I said.
Clay came around to my side and kissed me and then whispered in my ear, "I want you from behind".
"Okay," I whispered back.
I rolled over and got onto my elbows and knees. Clay got between my legs and inserted himself into my pussy. He started slow and then we found a rhythm as he picked up speed and force. All you could hear was him slapping up against my ass, his grunts with each thrust, and my soft cries of pleasure.
Clay fucked me hard for several minutes and I began to feel a potential orgasm building within me. Clay stopped and rolled me over and got between my legs again. He was sweating and I could see his chest was shiny with sweat.
Clay entered me and leaned on my thighs as he pushed my knees to my shoulders. He then continued his deep and quick thrusts into me. My potential orgasm was not lost and I soon began to cry out with each thrust. Clay was working hard and kept ramming my pussy until I finally couldn't control myself any longer. My body started to shake and I cried out again as my orgasm overtook my consciousness.
Clay kept fucking me until I could take it no longer and I had to tell him to stop. Clay sat up. I sat up too and kissed him. "Thank you," I said. "I haven't been fucked like that in quite some time."
Clay smiled and seemed genuinely happy that he pleased me. "Again, I should be thanking you," he said. Clay started to move like he was going to get off the bed.
"Where are you going?" I asked
"I'm not sure you can take any more," he said.
I pulled him back toward me and kissed him again. I then reached for his mostly hard cock and pulled the condom off.
"Here, lay back," I said.
Clay lay down and I leaned over his cock and took him in my mouth. I sucked him for several minutes and he remained mostly hard, but I could not make him cum. I looked up at him and was happy to continue sucking him for as long as it took.
"Can I get on top like before?" Clay asked.
"Sure," I said.
I lay down on my back and Clay got on top of me. He then shifted forward until he was over my mouth. He pointed his cock at my lips and I took him in my mouth. I sucked on him for a while focusing on the head of his cock, and then Clay started fucking my mouth. Clay drove deep and I kept my hands on his hips to prevent him from choking me. Clay stopped after a few minutes.
"What's wrong?"
"I think I can cum, but I think I need to use my hand," Clay replied looking embarrassed.
"That's okay," I said.
"Do you mind if I cum on you?"
"No. I want you to cum Sweetie," I said.
"Thanks," he said and smiled. "This is a little embarrassing stroking off in front of you."
"Nothing to be embarrassed about. I love watching men jerk off." I smiled up at him.
Clay began to stroke himself as he straddled my chest. As I looked up I saw his right fist around his cock above my face blocking my view. I reached up and played with his nipples and chest.
"That feels nice baby."
A few minutes later Clay grunted, "I think I'm going to cum soon. Where do you want it?"
"Wherever you want Sweetie."
"I want to cum on your face baby, if that's okay."
I was expecting him to say tits. "Okay Sweetie," I replied. I wasn't sure how messy this would be given that he already came earlier. I think it was quite a bit of cum the first time, but he spent a lot more time working up to it this time so I wasn't sure what to expect. I've had guys cum on my face before and I find it can be quite erotic so I didn't mind. My main focus was on pleasing Clay.
I could hear the juices in Clay's cock as he stroked himself above my face. I grabbed his nipples again and squeezed them gently and noticed his reaction to flex his chest muscles and moan with pleasure.
"That feels nice," he said with a vibrating voice.
Clay began to quicken his stroke and rock his hips at the same time. He moaned moments later, "I'm going to cum baby".
I looked up as Clay pulled his hips away from my face and pointed his cock down toward my mouth. He was just a few inches from my face and I could see the head was dark purple and his hole was large and ready to allow the release of what was inside. Seconds later I saw the beginnings of Clay's first stream and I closed my eyes by instinct. He shot directly into my mouth which was partially open and I felt the warm liquid coat my tongue and dripping off of my teeth. It caught me a little by surprise since I mostly expected him to be a little short of quantity. He wasn't. Clay moaned and shot additional streams of hot liquid with force at my nose and my right eye, and then more over my lips and still partially open mouth until he was spent.
When he stopped shooting he dangled his cock at my lips and I licked the large drip hanging from the tip. His body shivered.
"Hmmmm...That is not good for my makeup," I said laughing.
"Fuck the makeup. You look so fucking hot with my cum on your face."
I imagined what I looked like. I had seen myself in the mirror before after my old boyfriend gave me facials so I assumed it was something similar. I swallowed what was left in my mouth and then licked my lips clean. "That was a lot of cum for a second time."
"It's because you are so hot. There is more being prepared as we speak!" Clay said laughing. Clay put his cock at my mouth and I licked the tip clean and sucked the head. He shivered again. He then swabbed his cock across my upper lip and pushed some of his cum in my mouth. I cleaned his cock again.
"I hate to sound like a broken record, but God you are sexy," Clay added. "I've never cum so much on a girl's face before. It's mostly been an accident with a little on the chin."
"Well it feels like there is a lot on my face," I replied. "And you got me in the eye!" I kept my eye closed. I wasn't really upset about it other than I hate cum in my eyes and on my hair, and I my makeup was probably a mess.
"I'm sorry about that. I didn't expect so much either," Clay said with a big grin on his face. "There is also a lot on the side of your face. Let me get you a towel."
"Thanks."
Clay got off of me and went to the bathroom to fetch a towel while I lay motionless. When he returned he gave me a damp washcloth and I blotted my face. I then went to the bathroom and cleaned up and tried to wash my face without totally messing up my makeup. The eye was the problem and I needed my purse to fix it, but it was in the other bedroom.
When I came out of the bedroom Clay was in his robe and stepped in front to kiss me.
"Thank you so much. I think that was one of the major highlights of my sexual life," he said.
"I enjoyed it too." I kissed him again and then reached for my robe on the bed.
"Want some water?"
"Yes, that would be great. Too much drinking tonight and no water."
Clay opened the door and Sara and John were standing near the couch looking at us with inquisitive eyes as we exited the bedroom. They were both wearing robes as well.
"Sounds like you two had fun," Sara said smiling. I was immediately embarrassed and felt myself blush.
"You heard us?" is all I could say.
"Uh huh," she said laughing. "It sounded amazing." I was more embarrassed.
"I assume you found the bathroom then," I said to try to change the subject.
"I found it," she smiled. She offered no information!
Clay changed the subject. "Anyone want water?" We all said yes and Clay poured the glasses.
We talked briefly while we finished the water and then Sara said we should be going. It was late and I was glad she had no intention to spend the night. The guys said we could take the beds and begged us to stay but we were adamant we needed to go. Sara and I went to Clay's room to change.
"What happened to your eye?" Sara asked.
"Oh, I need to fix that." I looked for my purse and found it on the dresser.
"Wait, did he cum in your eye? You have cum on your hair just above your ear."
"Shit!"
"Wow, what did you guys do!?" she exclaimed joyfully.
I answered almost with an annoyed tone. I wasn't annoyed at Clay or her. It was driven by my embarrassment. "He came on my face the second time."
"He came two times!?"
"Um, yeah."
"That is so fucking hot!"
"And you? You and John went to his bedroom and didn't return. What happened?"
Sara dropped her robe and stood facing me totally naked. This is the first time I had seen her pussy and it was clean shaven except for a very small closely shaved patch of hair above. It was shaved similar to mine. Her legs had a gap at her crotch and I could see her pussy lips extend between her legs. I tried not to stare and forced my gaze up to her face but paused at her lovely breasts again. Her body was flawless. Her damn hair was flawlessly fixed as well!
"We had sex. It was really nice. I can't cum multiple times like you though. I counted three times."
"Oh my God." I was so embarrassed.
"Don't be embarrassed. Most women would kill to have two orgasms much less three."
I turned and found my dress and threw it on the bed. I then dropped my robe. As I began to reach for my dress I remembered I needed to fix my makeup and now figure out how to get drying cum out of my hair. I looked up at Sara who was staring at my body. She hadn't seen me totally naked before either and I caught her staring at my pussy.
"Let me help you with your hair," she said as she looked up. She went to the bathroom and returned with a wet wash cloth. She then stood to my side and wiped my hair and the top of my ear until the cum was gone.
"Thanks," I said.
"Glad to help." She put her hand on my right shoulder as she responded and left it there momentarily, caressing my shoulder and upper arm. My arm was pinned to my side and I felt her finger nail brush up against the outside of my breast as she moved her hand down and then up. "That looks much better."
She took her hand off and I grabbed my purse and went to the bathroom and fixed my eye makeup and touched up my cheeks. When I returned to the bedroom moments later Sara was sitting on the bed still naked. Her legs were spread slightly and I had a full view. It surprised me she had not yet put on her dress.
"What are you going to do about your thong?" she asked. "Mine is wet and I'm just going to leave it."
"I was thinking the same. It's outside." I peeled my eyes off her body and grabbed my dress beside her. It was as simple to put on as it was to take off. When I was dressed Sara finally stood and reached for her dress. She seemed disappointed.
Sara's dress was definitely not as easy to get on right. She pulled it up and then asked for help to see if it was right. It wasn't.
"I'll help." I tugged the dress to make it fit more squarely on her body and then came around the front. Her right breast was mostly out of her dress. "You just need to fix that," I said as I looked at her breasts."
She looked down and said, "Oh." She tugged the strap down and situated her breasts and then went to the mirror to make final adjustments. She returned looking as sexy as she did hours ago when she first put on the dress. I looked at her approvingly and admired her body. She sat on the bed and put on her sandals and I did the same.
"I guess we should go. Are you ready?" Sara said?
"Yes, I guess so. What do we tell the guys?" I said.
"Um, I don't know. I feel bad leaving like this, but we need to get back. We have our flights tomorrow and so do they. We have their contact information so I guess we say goodbye and catch up with them tomorrow or after we get home."
"Yeah, probably after we get home."
We exited the bedroom and Clay was in a t-shirt and jeans. He looked sexy. John slipped behind us and went into the bedroom to change.
The four of us then headed down to the limo they arranged for us to take us back to the hotel and we did one last kiss goodbye and got into the car. "That was an incredible night," I said once the limo pulled out.
"It's just what I needed." Sara said.
We didn't talk much on the way back to our hotel as I relived my evening and Sara probably did the same. We got to the hotel and agreed to meet up for breakfast before we left for our flights. Mine was a few hours earlier than Sara's so I left soon after breakfast and we hugged before I left. We both said what a great trip it was independent of the extra activities last night and we agreed to try and meet up again at another conference that year if we could swing it at work.
Sara and John did try to make a go at dating for a while but it was tough. She lived on the east coast which made them much closer than me and Clay, but they were still too far away to see each other enough and she wasn't willing to move to Florida and give up her career.
Clay and I remained in contact for probably six months before it went cold. The problem was that he and I were both very busy with work and we lived a few thousand miles away from each other. We talked a few times and exchanged emails, but the connection eventually grew cold and we haven't talked to each other since. I do think of him occasionally and wish he has found someone local since he truly was a genuinely nice guy.