It was the last day of school before our two-week autumn break. I was in 12th grade which meant this was my last year here at school. Generally, I was pretty popular. I was known as the beautiful but rather shy girl. This wasn't because I was particularly anxious around people but more so that I wasn't interested in most of the classmates around my age, especially the guys. I had a group of friends I would hang out with and have fun, so I wasn't like an outcast or something. After class my friends and I were heading along the school halls.
"Math class was kinda nice today, no?" I mentioned.
"You're just weird, Charli," a girl replied to me.
"Nah, she's just into Mr. Becker," someone else intervened.
"Isn't he like 50 years old?", someone added.
"Stop it. I just once told you I think he looks kinda cute," I protested.
"Yes, and that was the only time I've ever heard you say that about any guy. In all of our time here you didn't date any of the guys in our class. Not that I blame you for that, tho...," the other girl replied.
"Weirdly enough that's true," everyone laughed.
"Ehh," I sighed, "It's ok. You can laugh at me not getting any guys all you want", I responded.
"Not getting any guys? Is she delusional?", everyone giggled again.
"Sweetheart, have you looked at yourself? You could have any guy you want. That's clearly not the issue here," one of the girls explained.
We kept conversing while we strolled through the school halls until we reached the school gate, and we said goodbyes. Everyone was excited for the school break.
"Have a nice trip to Tenerife, Charli," the girls said goodbye to me.
I would be going on a one-week trip to Tenerife with my family which I was really looking forward to. Especially because right now the weather here in Germany was cold and wet.
Today was Friday and I still had to prepare a lot since we would be heading to the airport on Saturday early in the morning. But I didn't mind, rather I was actually enjoying the process of choosing the clothes I would be wearing and packing all I needed in general. I took my time doing it and when I was done it was already in the evening. Lastly, I prepared a set of clothes for the travel day tomorrow. I chose a white sweater and sweatpants that were part of a set and also super comfy and then just some random socks and panties. I did not plan on wearing a bra. My breasts were small, and it often annoyed me when the bra slipped up and I had to adjust it.
On the day of the flight I had to get up at 5am. When I woke up initially, I was still sleepy. My mom opened my door and reminded me in a serious but comforting tone to wake up and get ready to catch our flight in time. Only then I realized we would be going today, and the excitement got me feeling awake almost immediately.
My mom left, and I started changing into the clothes I prepared the evening before. I stripped out of my pajamas and put on the panties I laid out. Standing there in only my panties I looked at myself in the big mirror on my closet next to my door.
My hair was blonde and long-ish -- it reached to my shoulder blades roughly. I was really happy with how it looked at the moment. My face had a nordic look to it, just like my moms' who was from sweden. Additionally, I inherited my mom's crystal blue eyes.
My body has always been quite pale and for as long as I remember I had to be careful in the sun and wear lots of sunscreen. Nonetheless, I loved being outside and feeling the warm sensation of the sun on my skin.
Right then my younger brother came rushing into my room and I froze there in surprise for a second while I was looking at my almost naked body in the mirror. I quickly told him to get out. It was quite annoying that he didn't respect my privacy and charged in without even knocking. But we were rather comfortable with nudity in my family, so that wasn't the problem.
It was more so that, I disliked that I had no control because I was just suddenly exposed when he came in without asking. For example, after showering most of the time we walk from the bathroom to our rooms totally nude and I don't mind it then. But I also stopped doing that more or less because of what happened a few months ago.
Back then I was enjoying my shower as always. Taking my time and absorbing the warmth of the water. When I was done, I grabbed a towel to dry my body and then wanted to head to my room as always. Over there I have my own sink and mirror to do my skincare, hair and all that. I opened the bathroom door and headed to my room.
"Hey Charli, what's up?" I heard a voice behind me, but it wasn't any of my family member's.
I turned around and saw two of my brother's friends who were two grades beneath me, apparently, they came over after school. Through turning around by reflex, I involuntarily exposed my completely naked front side to them.
"Holy crap," one of them just said, staring at me.
I felt blood rush to my head and my face probably was flushed as red as a tomato instantly. I quickly turned around headed to my room as fast as I could without saying a word. I was so embarrassed but also excited, even though I hated the two guys since they always were loud and annoying. I think the reason it excited me was just being naked in front of someone.
Obviously, they tried to tell their friends at school how they had seen me completely naked right in front of them, but no one really believed them saying that they had seen one of the most desirable girls at the school naked while visiting my brother.
Anyways, my brother was still standing at my door, and I looked at him questioningly and told him to get out which he did after telling me to hurry up.
I figured I should move on from looking at myself in the mirror and put on the rest of my clothes. When I was done everyone else was ready, too and so my mom, dad, brother and I headed out. We took the train to the airport and arrived there with plenty of time left. On the way everyone was in a really good mood, and we were chatting excitedly about the upcoming vacation. The food, the beach, the sun and what day trips we would be going on.
We proceeded to do the check-in and next up was the security check. Waiting in the line there I got a bit anxious since I wasn't wearing a bra and they would be doing a pat down search. The one performing it was a middle-aged man.
He told me to step forward and asked if I had any metallic items on me which I did not. Then I went through the security scan gate without it going off - much to my liking. Nevertheless, the man still had to search me by hand.
"Would you please stretch out your arms to your side and stand still, miss", he asked me.
I did as he said, and he started searching me at my ankles. He searched each leg individually and I felt him grab my thighs with both hands rather harshly, but I didn't say anything. He proceeded with the routine search, but I got more nervous as he was reaching my chest area. I couldn't control my breathing getting heavier and I felt my body heating, but the security guard didn't seem to notice.
The hoodie I wore was oversized and I think he was surprised by how much the material gave way until he could feel my body beneath it. Because of that he had to put his hand on my sweater and then keep pushing slowly until he felt contact.
He then reached my chest area and - expecting "more" there, he slowly led his hand closer and closer towards my rather flat chest. It felt like an eternity to me but when my hoodie didn't have any more room to give, and his hands finally reached my chest they landed exactly on my nipple making me flinch notably. Because I was so nervous, they were hard and when he touched them there was no way he wouldn't have noticed where exactly his hands were. He stopped the search as I looked at him shyly. He shook is head in a tiny motion as if shaking something off and told me I was done without being particularly weird about it. On the other side of the security check, I took back my hand baggage and waited for my family to be done, as well.
The flight was about 6 hours but very pleasant. I was catching up on some sleep and nodding on and off dreaming about the beach, the food and not having to wake up early and go to school. When we finally arrived and got our luggage everyone was elated the vacation could really begin now. A bus took us to our hotel and on the way, it stopped at various other hotels as well. I didn't yet know which one would be ours and got excited each stop because they were all looking amazing.
When my mom finally notified us, we arrived I wasn't disappointed in the slightest. It was located close to the beach and looked luxurious with a big gate as the entrance and a marble lobby inside. The receptionist told us that they would only need one person for the check in and we others were free to go to our rooms already, they've also moved our luggage there by now.
My parents had a room for them and I shared one with my brother. Our room had a view to the hotel pool and two separate beds. It was nothing too outstanding, but I loved it anyways. It was only 4pm by now and I wanted to enjoy the rest of the day.
My brother already rushed out to go and look around and I started unpacking my stuff and neatly putting it into the closet.
When I was done, I picked out a cute swimsuit and before putting it on applied sunscreen to my whole body. Then I additionally picked out a very thin fabric jacket that reached over my butt, so that I wasn't walking around the hotel in just my swimsuit and headed to the pool.
The rest of the day was just very relaxing. Mostly, I was chilling at the pool while reading a novel and every now and then I went for a short swim to cool down. People my age were glancing over towards me laying on my lounger, but I was too immersed into my book to notice if I anyone was really looking at me.
A few hours flew by in an instant and in the evening my mom sent me a text message informing me we would be heading to have dinner soon. After reading it I grabbed my stuff and went back to my room where I cleaned myself up quickly and picked out a nice dress and fitting shoes for dinner.
The four of us met in front of the big dining room where the hotel set up a buffet. They also had a few themed restaurants where they offered daily changing menus with several courses but it being our first day, we decided to try out the buffet.
Like that we had a really satisfying dinner and I ate to my hearts content finishing off the day in a carefree manner.
On the next day the weather was wonderful as it nearly always is there, and we decided to go to the beach together around noon. I wore the same swimsuit and light jacket I wore to the pool. When I decided to go for a walk along the beach after a while, I left my stuff including my jacket with my family.
I was strolling along the beach feeling the warmth of the sun on my skin and a refreshing chill on my feet and ankles from the sea water. I wasn't walking quickly but soon my family was out of sight. The beach wasn't particularly crowded but not abandoned, as well. There were people of all kinds, and I noticed a lot of the women actually went topless, but mainly the middle-aged ones.
Enjoying the sensations of the moment my thoughts drifted here and there. About how my classmates told me how pretty I was and being able to have anyone I wanted, to the security guard touching my breasts and the adrenaline and feeling I got from being exposed to my brother's friends.
What would it feel like to undo my bikini top, I wondered. Being naked in front of someone felt nice back then, if it wasn't for the fact that I hated these two guys. But here, I assumed, wouldn't be anyone who knows me.
"Was I really as attractive as my classmates told me? Would I be able to catch the attention of the guys?" I wondered.
My thoughts kept going in this direction and my urge to take off my top became stronger, and I even got excited, leading to my nipples hardening a fair bit.
Still walking along the beach I looked around and then ran my fingers through my blonde hair. In the same motion, while trying to seem casual I reached behind me feeling for the ends of the strings holding up my bikini top.
I grabbed onto each string and pulled them apart revealing my noticeably pale breasts to everyone who looked at me. I carried my bikini top in my right hand and kept walking, feeling the sun on my now naked breasts and nipples. My nipples continued to stiffen further and even started to point slightly upwards, aligning with the shape of my perky breasts.
At first, I was slightly anxious, but it was also very exciting and my whole body felt trembly in a good way. It felt unbelievable as I kept walking along the beach in the shallow water. Once the rush of excitement faded and I calmed down a bit I noticed that I kind of blocked out everything around me. Starting to look around I noticed the people's -- mainly men's, gazes often were on me but when I looked at them, they would abruptly avoid my gaze and turn away their head. That gave me the confirmation that the people around me do in fact notice me.
I wondered what went through their heads. Did they desire me, and did they know the reason for me being topless was so they could look at me? Walking along the beach I tried to unsuspiciously brush along my nipples with the back of my hand. The feeling was exhilarating, and it got to the point where it was becoming hard for me to hold back my excitement. Right there and then, there was an urge inside of me making me want to touch myself for real, but I had to hold composure being at the public beach.
Soon I decided that I want to stop walking and sit down somewhere. That's when I spotted a cute man, presumably in his 40's, also sitting there by himself. He had short hair, an average face and a rather lean body for his age. Like most of the men, he too embarrassedly turned his head away when our sights met. I changed my path and strolled in his direction. Then I passed by him only about two meters away giving him a closer view on my breasts and hoping his gaze would follow me as now my bare back and ass were on display for him.
A reasonable but not too far distance away I stopped moving. Given my high level of excitement I had the urge to put on a small show for him. Not knowing whether he was actually watching me, since I didn't dare to turn my head back and look at him, gave me the confidence needed to commence.
Firstly, I got on my knees in the sand with my butt pointing into his direction. I pretended to prepare a spot for me to lay down by stroking some of the sand in front to an even surface. My confidence didn't waver, and I proceed with my plan reaching for my butt with one hand while being on all four. I wanted to act as if the sand sticking to my butt was bothering me and I meant to wipe it away. While doing it I tried to "accidentally" pull on my bottoms and uncover my crotch for a brief moment. When I felt a breeze of coldness from the wind hitting my wet pussy, I knew I achieved what I wanted and let my bottoms slip back in place.
Then I laid down on my stomach in the place I prepared. It wasn't apparent from the outside but on the inside I once again felt exhilarated. This was so exciting and fun at the same time. I laid there cherishing this moment, but I was longing for more.
I opened my eyes and turned my head towards the cute man. It made me really happy when I saw him still sitting where he was before and even more so that he was watching me at the moment. That was until I looked in his direction and he again avoided my eyes flinching, at least.
I got up on my feet and walked towards him sticking my chest out on purpose. He didn't dare to look in my direction as I came closer, but he must have noticed me approaching him, nevertheless. I walked up really close to him and just introduced myself.
"Hi, I'm Charli", I greeted him, bluntly with a smile.
Until then he was still pretending not to notice me but now after I spoke to him, he turned his head towards me. Maybe he didn't expect me to be this close but what he faced were my uncovered breasts directly in front of his face since he was sitting on the ground looking up to me as I stood next to him, while leaning forward above him quite a bit.
He was surprised, embarrassed and I think amazed all at the same time but soon managed to reply after having looked at my breasts for a solid five seconds.
"Ehm, Mr. Murph-, Michael I mean, you can call me Michael" he kinda stumbled his response but that just increased my confidence.
"It's lovely here, isn't it?" I said with a beaming smile on my face.
"Yea, yes I guess so," he answered, now looking me in the face and after noticing my smile he smiled, too.
"I arrived just yesterday and I'm staying in the big hotel over there," I told him while pointing towards a building still visible on the horizon. I was still somewhat leaning over him and by pointing in the distance I gave him a glance of my armpit and moving my arm like that also made my breast change in shape a bit -- making it hang less of sorts and regain its perky shape.
"I forgot my sunscreen and don't want to head all the way back there. I wondered if you could help me out?" I asked him, sounding a bit disappointed.
"Sure, I got a bottle right here with me," he replied, handing it to me.
When I took it from him, I straightened up again, took a step back and started applying it to my legs and arms right next to him. While I was applying it, he watched me do it and I wanted to give him a pleasing show. Applying it on my arms I purposely jiggled my breasts a bit with my upper arms and when I moved on to my legs, I bend over 90 degrees presenting how my boobs looked when they were hanging straight down my chest.
"I love walks along the beach. Feeling the warm sun and the cold water on my skin," I tried to keep conversing while applying the sunscreen.
"Yes, I totally get you," he replied.
"Do you come here often?" I asked him.
"Yes, I come here nearly every year," he told me.
"Do you always come here alone?" I inquired.
"Well, sometimes, I guess," he responded. I didn't really know what he meant by sometimes, but I also didn't question it too much. Once I was done applying the sunscreen on my arms, legs and face with him watching me the whole time, I tried to take it further, as I greatly enjoyed showing myself off and my excitement rose.
"Thanks, really, for helping me out. I totally forgot putting on sunscreen today and as you can see my skin is about as pale as it gets," I paused for a moment and then asked him, "would you maybe be willing to do my back for me?"
Without waiting for his response, I already got onto the ground and laid down flat onto my stomach.
"I don't know if that's-," he tried to answer.
"Please?" I pleaded, turning my head to look at him with my blue eyes and a smile on my face.
"I guess," he agreed, and then got into position by kneeling in the sand next to me facing my side.
When he started by squirting some sunscreen directly from the bottle onto my back the cold made me flinch.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to-," he apologized, nervously.
"Don't worry about it. I'm good," I responded, trying to calm him down with a smile.
Then he started spreading the sunscreen out on my back with his hands, but he wasn't applying any pressure at all, really.
"You have to do it more thoroughly, I promise I won't break," I encouraged him.
After that he continued massaging it into my back, using more pressure and I started really enjoying his touch. He worked his way from my upper back to my lower back.
"Hnngh, it feels good," I sighed, wanting to show him that I liked what he did.
Taking up on my signs he also got more daring and massaged the sunscreen into my sides. Running his fingers along my ribcage and feeling the highs and lows of each individual rib. The whole situation made me feel sexy and desired, heightening my excitement further. As a result, I longed for more and to give him better access to my sides I put my arms above my head.
By continuing to rub the sunscreen into my back and flank it turned into a massage of sorts for me. As he worked his hands down my sides, he arrived low on my body where at the sides of my hips the strings of my bikini bottom kept them tied in place. He pulled my bottoms down a little bit, uncovering some skin he wasn't previously able to apply the sunscreen on and also exposing the beginning of my buttock cleavage.
That turned me on even more and I probably wouldn't have stopped him from taking me right there and then if he were to.
"I guess I'm done now," he then said, awkwardly with a slight chuckle.
In response to his words, I turned onto my back to be able to look at him. As I exposed my front to him again, I saw him steal a quick glance at my tits again. Which made me hopeful, since I didn't want it to end here quite yet.
"I-if you want you can apply it to my front as well," I quietly suggested, being too embarrassed to say these words any louder. I then subconsciously held my breath awaiting his response.
"If you want me to," he replied in a feeble voice.
Him agreeing made me feel elated. I longed for his continued touch.
Then he put some sunscreen on my belly and rather hesitantly started spreading it with his hands.
When I looked at him kneeling next to me and therefore having to twist his body weirdly, I noticed it looked really uncomfortable for him.
"It looks kinda uncomfy for you to be kneeling beside me like that. If you want you can put a knee on each side of me, so that you don't have to twist like that. I don't mind," I told him, looking at him from below.
He took me up on my words and got into the position I proposed. I was lying flat on the ground, and he was above me with a knee on each side of me, resting some of his body weight on my lap and some on his hands which were also on me and consequently raised the overall pressure he was applying on me.
Technically, I was pinned down and wouldn't be able to escape if I wanted, but that wasn't on my mind at all. Rather it was exactly the opposite, him taking a more dominant position was more exciting. Using force, he would be able to do whatever he wanted with me, and any attempts of struggle would be utterly futile. Just thinking about that increased my excitement even more.
Closing my eyes, I focused on his touch. His hands still roamed my stomach area, but he was slowly but surely working his way up to my chest. My excitement made me have goose bumps all over my body and I'm sure he could feel it.
Once again, I put my arms above my head exposing my armpits to him and making me feel even more vulnerable now. Like he did from the back earlier, he felt my ribs and ran his fingers along their natural curvature. Keeping my eyes closed I desperately awaited him to finally move on to my tits and nipples, after teasing me that much.
He was a stranger; someone I haven't even seen for a single time about thirty minutes ago. Yet, now I was yearning for him to grab my chest and caress my nipples more than anything else.
Never in my life have I been that turned on before as I felt his touch approaching my chest. I was in a hypersensitive state of sorts and could clearly perceive his hands reaching my lower boobs and continuing towards my nipples slowly. When he finally contacted my nipples, I flinched pretty hard even though I was completely aware that it was about to happen any moment. At the same time, I moaned involuntarily making me feel totally embarrassed for a second.
That showed me once more how much power he had over me in that moment since him kneeling on me basically suppressed my body from flinching. He received the impulse of me jerking into him, yet he didn't even budge and my body was kept pinned on the ground by his body weight. During the sudden movement my crotch jerked up into his tho, letting me notice his penis was full erect, as I bumped into it.
To make sure no one was close by I opened my eyes and looked to the left and right. It seemed no one was directly watching us, at least not that I could tell.
"I'm sorry, I guess I kinda have to take care of this," I went on to tell him, quietly while putting a smile on my face and looking into his eyes directly above me.
"What do you mean?" he replied, my words having him taken by surprise.
"I mean, I know how it works and I would feel bad if you were to be in pain because of me," I responded.
"No, there are better ways to handle it," he answered, embarrassedly.
"So, you don't want to fuck me then?" I asked him bluntly, repressing my smile.
I think those words were what made the barrel overflow for him. Shortly later he answered.
"That's not it. I just can't believe you are enjoying this. I mean I am just too old and average for you."
"No, I really enjoy it and I think you are cute, actually," I told him, truthfully.
"Which hotel are you staying at?" I followed up with a question.
"It's right over there, at most a few minutes from here," he explained, pointing to the hotel right next to the section of the beach we were at.
"Let's go then," I suggested with a smile.
Following that, I stood up and put on my bikini top again. Then we headed towards his hotel, walking side by side, but always staying half a step behind him. We weren't talking at all on the way to the hotel.
When we arrived there, I was surprised by how luxurious it was. It was way smaller than ours, but the vibe wasn't even comparable. We walked through the spacious lobby towards the elevator. It didn't take long to reach his room which actually consisted of a few separate rooms furnished with expensive looking furniture and art.
"It is quite nice here," I commented, not really knowing what else to say.
"If you like it, then I guess it is worth something," he replied smiling at me.
Looking at him smile like that I really thought he was cute.
"Let's pick off where we stopped," I proposed, feeling my excitement return.
I walked towards the large bed and took of my bikini top again. Then I laid down on my back in the bed and waited for him. He took of his shirt and joined me in bed by taking on the same position we have left off at on the beach, a knee on each side of me and resting his butt on my lap.
He leaned forward and kissed me.
"You know, you are beautiful?", he told me.
Then he moved on to my tits, taking my nipples into his mouth to suck and gently bite on them. My excitement increased and he got me into the right mood again.
Not being able to withstand my arousal anymore I grabbed his head impatiently and pushed him down between my legs. He pulled on the strings of my bottoms to undo the knots. I slightly lifted my hip so he could pull my bottoms out, unveiling my naked pubic area to him for the first time.
I didn't shave in my pubic area because I actually preferred the look with my pubic hair. As my pubic hair was blonde and thin it did barely anything to cover my pussy, anyways, yet I found it looked cute. Keeping it like this made it really soft to the touch as well.
With his head between my legs, it was obvious to me that he knew what he was doing. This was actually the first time I was receiving oral sex and I was moaning intensely, not trying to hold it in. Given my already high level of excitement it didn't take him long making me orgasm.
"HNGHhmmmmm," I moaned, loud as I came.
It felt like pure bliss after all the buildup I've been through, and I wanted to give him something in return.
"Let me return the favor now," I told him.
I took off his trunks for him and he sat down in the bed, resting his back on the padded head of the bed. I positioned myself between his legs and moved my head towards his dick. He wasn't fully hard yet and I started trying out various things. I used my tongue to lick up along the underside of his dick and then circled my tongue around the head of his cock, feeling it getting bigger and harder. He tasted a bit salty, but I got used to it and in my arousal, I wasn't repulsed by the taste. Then I tried to fit his balls in my mouth and sucking on them. They plopped out again with a releasing "blop" sound. It didn't take him long to become fully erect as I was playing around with his genitals in my mouth. In its erect state his dick was really nice, not inhumanely huge but slightly above average.
Opening up my mouth and taking in his dick I tried to push down my head and take it in my throat. It took me a couple of tries but after figuring out how to do it and adjusting to the weird sensation it wasn't too bad. Once I had the hang of it I moved my head up and down along his shaft in a decent tempo as I could hear him moaning.
"Fuck, where did you learn this?" he asked, being surprised by my deep throating.
"It's actually my first time," I responded smiling at him. I was happy I could please him.
"I want you inside my pussy," I continued, still smiling at him.
"God, you're adorable," he responded to my demand.
He grabbed a condom he had prepared, and I put it on for him.
"Sooo-, how exactly do you do this?" I asked him, innocently.
"Didn't you say you know how it works at the beach?" he told me, frowning.
"I am just kidding," I giggled.
That was half of the truth. I masturbated with toys before, but I never had a man inside of me. He would be my first, but I didn't want to tell him.
"Just lay down on your back I'm going on top," I ordered him decisively, instead of telling him about my virginity.
He did as I said, and I climbed on top of him. Once in position I grabbed his dick with both my hands, aligned it with my pussy and slowly lowered my body. His dick contacted my pussy and I slowly kept descending as it pushed its way deeper inside of me, filling me out. When I had about half of his length in me, I moved back up and then down again, taking him in a bit deeper with each repetition. Once his entire dick fit inside me, I started to speed up.
He also started to get used to me and moved his hips in a mutual rhythm with me, lessening the effort I had to put it in and making it more enjoyable for me at the same time. We had really good synergy and I felt entirely safe with him. While we were enjoying the position he grabbed onto my small tits hard, I had barely enough flesh to fill out his hands. My tits were so soft they exuded out the gaps of his tight grip.
"Hmmmm, fuck," I moaned, showing him, I liked what he did.
I felt another orgasm coming if we continued like that. When I was thinking it couldn't get much better than right now, he grabbed onto my ass with both hands and sped up his tempo. Now fucking me hard and fast I reached the orgasm which I thought was still a fair distance away, but he did not stop there. Me orgasming made my vagina clutch his dick tightly as he kept up his fast speed for some more time and I reached yet another orgasm while still experiencing the previous one. At the same time, he also finally came, while inside of me.
For a good minute we were just lying there.
"That was ... great," he told me, after both our orgasms had subsided.
"I agree," I replied smiling at him contently.
I snuggled up to him in bed and laid my head on his chest as he responded by gently putting a strand of my hair that hanged in my face behind my ear and stroking my head gently. At that moment I was fully content and there wasn't a single thing I could think of that I was lacking. Staying like that I fell asleep.
(Part 1)