The sun was beaming into the garden. A perfect time to top up my all over tan. I grabbed a bottle of sun oil and went outside.
The garden was not the best place for nude sunbathing as there were quite a few overlooking window. I tried not to cause issues with my neighbors, so I had found a spot that gave me and them some privacy. Or so I thought.
I pulled a sun lounger over and pulled off my shorts, exposing my shaved cock and balls to the warm sun. Such a wonderful feeling. I proceeded to apply the sun oil. I wanted to tan, not to burn. I sprayed myself with the oil and proceeded to rub it in. I started with my shoulders and worked my way down my arms, feeling the contours of my muscles. I moved across to my chest. I gave my nipples a light tweak and felt a stab of arousal. I continued working my way down my body, massaging the sun oil in. I worked the oil into my legs, enjoying the sensation of my hands sliding firmly across my leg muscles. It was very relaxing. I worked my way back up to the top of my legs and my inner thighs. I slowed right down as my hands slid closer to my hanging balls sack, teasing myself. I sprayed more oil on to my hands and reached behind. I planted my hands firmly on my ass cheeks and squeezed firmly. Using firm, circular motions i rubbed the oil into my ass until I felt I had a good coating.
Now came the more fun part. I sat down on the sun lounger and I applied some oil directly to my cock and balls, then began to slowly massage them. I could feel my cock start to grow as i applied the oil. I worked my way up toward the base of my shaft. I wrapped my hand around my cock and using long, slow, firm strokes, I rubbed the oil into my cock. I made sure to oil my foreskin too. My cock continued to swell as I worked the oil in. The veins became more prominent as my erection grew. My now hard cock and supple, hanging balls were soon glistening in the sun.
I lay back on my lounger, spreading my legs so that my balls were hanging freely, teasing my asshole. My cock was standing proud like a mast. The sun felt amazing on my naked body. I put my hands behind my head on lay there, enjoying the combined feelings of the warm sun and my erect cock.
As time passed, I felt my cock begin to slowly deflate. I could feel the weight of it beginning to rest on my balls. I reached beside me and picked up my cock ring. I love the feeling of wearing a ring while sunning nude. It makes my cock and balls feel really fat and heavy. I slid my balls through the ring and pulled my semi hard cock through after them. I adjusted the ring for maximum comfort and engorgement. Satisfied that my genitals were appropriately displayed, I returned to laying back again, feeling the sun warming me.
I had nearly drifted off to sleep, when I was startled by a voice.
"That looks so relaxing, yeah."
My heart skipped a beat. I had no idea I was visible from anywhere. I fought the urge to sit up and panic. I was in my garden. I could sunbathe naked if wanted. I opened my eyes and slowly looked around. It didn't take long to find my unexpected voyeur. The neighbour boy was peering over the top of the fence to one side, just underneath the bottom of the trees on the neighbour's side. There must have been a gap that allowed him to get close to the fence. He had sandy blonde hair and looked to be about nineteen.
"What's that you've got round your...dick?" he asked with wide eyes, staring at my engorged genitals.
"Erm, it's a cock ring." I replied, a little thrown by his forwardness. However I made no attempt to cover up or hide myself.
"Can I get a better look? Why are you wearing it? Does it hurt?." A stream of questions fell from this guy's mouth. "I'm Jake, by the way."
This kid was very bold. Not only was he spying on my nude sunbathing, but had no shame in asking questions nor was he treating it weird.
I sat up and turned towards him, my cock and balls framed between my legs. He had a clear view of everything. I stood up slowly and walked towards the fence. I could feel my cock and balls swinging prominently in front of me as I walked over towards Jake. I stopped short of the fence so my cock and balls were still visible to him.
"Can I join you? I've seen you sunbathing naked before, but I've never had the guts to come and ask until now. I'd really like to try sunbathing naked." He was looking at me as he spoke, but as he finished speaking, his eyes refocused on my genitals.
I could only see his head and shoulders from where I was standing. His side must be slightly higher than mine. I thought for a moment. He hadn't backed away and seemed perfectly ok with me being completely nude in front of him while enhancing the visibility of my cock and balls. This fitted in well with my attitude towards nude sunbathing; have no shame. It would be interesting to see how accepting of this he was.
"Sure. Can you hop the fence?"
Instead of answering, Jake just climbed over. He was wearing swim shorts and nothing else. He seemed to take care of himself and was on the toned side of average.
I turned and began to walk back towards my sun lounger. Jake followed me. I gestured towards a second lounger.
"Pull that over here next to mine so you're not over looked from some of those other windows. I had no idea you could see me," I instructed Jake. The irony being that Jake had been able to see me the whole time from what turned out to be the window at the tip of the stairs next door. I sat down on my lounger and lay back as I had been before. I reached down and adjusted my cock and balls so they were resting comfortably and still prominently displayed.
Jake pulled the lounger over and put it where I had told him. He put his hand to the waistband of his short and suddenly stopped.
"Wow. I'm more nervous than I thought I'd be," he said quietly. "I've never been naked outside like this before, nevermind in front of someone."
"It'll be fine. Stop thinking about it and just get it over and done with."
"What if, what if I get an, an, erm, erection?" he asked.
"Then you'll be sunbathing with an erection. Have no shame in what happens naturally. I mean, look at me. I'm laying here with a semi going on in front of you and I'm fine with it. I figured you'd be fine with it too or you wouldn't have asked to join me. And if you've watched me sunbathing before, you'll have seen me with a hard on. So don't worry about it, I won't judge".
"Yes, you're right. It took me long enough to get this far, it would be stupid to back down now."
Jake took a deep breath and began to slide his shorts down. I could see he had shaved his pubes as the base of this dick became visible. He kept pushing them down, exposing his completely shaved cock and balls to me. His cock was soft at the moment, probably out of nerves. Jake pulled his shorts off all the way and threw them to the side of his lounger.
"There. I'm naked," he declared. "What now?"
I took a moment to look over my new nude companion. He was standing there, defiantly staring at me as if waiting for me to challenge his nudity. Instead,I passed him the bottle of sun oil I had been using earlier.
"Put some of that on."
Jake took the bottle from me and began to apply the sun oil to himself. I watched him out of the corner of my eye, working his way down his body, much like I had. He had oiled everything apart his cock and balls. He looked uncertain, as if he didn't want to touch himself in front of me.
"Just do it. What happens will happen," I said to him.
He then squirted some sun oil straight at his crotch. Jake put the bottle down and then with one hand rubbed the oil into his balls and with the other he started to rub his penis. He was trying to get his cock and balls oiled as quickly as possible. I smiled to myself, as I saw his cock start to grow as he applied the oil. Soon his cock and balls were glistening with oil.
"There. I think I got it all," said Jake as he quickly let go of his now semi erect cock. He still seemed nervous.
"Now sit back and relax," I said. "The sooner you relax, the more comfortable you'll feel. You had questions earlier, go ahead and ask them."
Jake lay back on his lounger and copied the position I was in. He parted his legs, allowing his balls to hang freely and put his hands behind his head. His semi erect cock and begun to subside already.
"This is great. The sun feels great on my body. It's best in those places it doesn't usually get! So warming. Yeah, your...cock ring. Why do you wear it?" he asked.
"It keeps my cock semi hard, and presents my cock and balls to anyone who wants to look."
"Wow...you mean, you want people to look?"
"Yeah, well, right time and place. Like at a nudist beach, somewhere like that. Or here in my garden, it's just because I enjoy the feeling of my semi hard cock and tight balls moving around, like when I walked over to you at the fence. They feel so much more...present."
"I thought you might have tried to cover yourself. I wasn't prepared to have you just walk over like that, with everything hanging in front of you. I wasn't sure where I should look."
"I don't mind being seen. And I figured there was no point in trying to hide anything anyway."
As I spoke I removed a hand from behind my head and moved it towards my exposed cock. I wanted to see Jake's reaction to me shamelessly getting a full blown hard on in front of him. I started to gently caress my oiled ball sack, teasing myself. I felt my cock twitch and start to grow more as I massaged my balls. My cock was now floating freely and starting to point out in front of me. I glanced over towards Jake as I adjusted my touch and began to run my fingertips up and down the length of my stiffening shaft.
He was openly staring at my growing dick. I'm not sure if he was aware he was staring like that, but the second he caught me looking his direction, he quickly looked away, muttering "sorry" under his breath.
"Nah, it's fine dude." I was really enjoying winding up my new naked companion. My cock was now fully hard, boosted by my cock ring. The veins were clearly visible running up my length and my tip was starting to push out of my foreskin. "Looks like you'll be joining me like this in a minute."
Jake had been too engrossed in watching me getting hard to realise that his own cock was pointing towards the sky. This was the first time he had popped a boner. He was just over five inches with a proportional girth and uncut, like myself.
"Oh shit!" Jake exclaimed. "I hadn't realised! Um, jeez. I feel embarrassed now." He quickly attempted to push his cock back down and cover up.
"Honestly Jake, relax it's fine. Erections are normal and natural, even in a setting like this. Come on, I'm not being shy. You'll enjoy it all the more if you stop worrying. I'm the only one who can see and I think we've gone well past that now, don't you agree?"
"Ok, you're right I guess."
He stopped trying to hide his hard on and returned his hands to behind his head. His cock was pointing skyward again. There was a slight glistening visible at the tip. It seemed he was enjoying this experience a bit more than he thought he would.
I wanted to turn it up a notch and be a bit more explicit. I grasped my cock and waited until Jake looked in my direction again. I slowly pulled my foreskin back, exposing my swollen, purple mushroom head to him. As he was to my side, he had a perfect view of my cock head profile, sitting atop of just under seven inches of an engorged, veiny shaft. I let go of my cock and displayed myself proudly. A dribble of precum oozed from the tip and began to trickle slowly down my glans.
"Oh yeah, that's good," I said as I lay back again, giving Jake a clear view.
Jake was openly staring at my hard cock. I think he had finally moved past his inhibitions. We lay there, both with erect cocks, enjoying the sun on our naked bodies.
I gave it about ten minutes before I stood up and walked over towards Jake. He was still fixated on my cock and balls, which were currently less than a foot away from his face.
"Pass up the lotion, I'll do your back so you can flip over. Don't want to only get one side tanned."
"Um, yeah, sure," said Jake's, his eyes not moving. He reached blindly for the bottle of sun lotion, his hand waving futilely in the vague area where he set the bottle down earlier. He managed to stop staring at my engorged, veiny cock for long enough to find the lotion. He passed up bottle and resumed staring. Precum had started to ooze from my slit.
Jake rolled over onto his front, showing me a smooth, tight ass. "Where do I put my dick?" he asked, not taking his eyes off of mine.
"Tuck it underneath you, or put it out behind you," I suggested. If he pushed it down so it was sticking out between his legs I could have bit of fun. I hoped he would.
I wasn't to be disappointed either. Jake reached down and pushed his engorged member down between his legs and lay down on his front. I moved behind him to get a better view. As he lay down, his foreskin retracted, exposing his engorged glans to me. Jake's cock had a long, tapered head. His smooth balls were looking tight, pushed against his taint by the pressure of his swollen cock. It looked like he shaved his ass as well.
"You ready?", I asked him.
"Go ahead," he said breathlessly.
I put one knee on the side of his lounger and three my other leg over him so I was straddling him, right over his ass. My balls brushed lightly against him as I adjusted my position. My cock was rock hard, enhanced by my cock ring and oozing precum from the tip as it waved over his ass crack. I took a squirt of lotion and began to rub it in, starting at Jake's shoulders. I worked my way downhisnback using long, firm strokes to rub the sun lotion into Jake's back.
I heard a light moan from beneath me. I think Jake's was starting to enjoy himself. As I reached the small of his back, I had to move to get a better position. I let my cock and balls slide across his ass and down his smooth crack, coming close to his hole. I slid my legs down the lounger towards Jake's knees to better reach his ass, but lowered the angle I was leaning over him. This put my cock very close to Jake's own cock and balls. I learnt forward a bit further until I felt my cock touch against his. I was firmly rubbing lotion into his ass as I slid my swollen mushroom head up the underside of Jake's cock, over his smooth sack and right up to his hole. I could feel my tip just touching his ring.
"There, you're all done," I declared. I swung myself back off of straddling Jake. "Can you do me?" I asked holding out the bottle of lotion to him.
I lay back down as Jake took the bottle from me. He got up from his lounger and walked over towards me. He appeared to have lost his inhibition about getting hard as his cock was standing proud in front of him as he walked over shamelessly. I lay back to give him a good view of my engorged member before I had to remove my ring to lay on my front.
"Your cock looks so fat and veiny like that," Jake said as he got closer. "Wow."
He began to lean in over me, unblinking, taking in how hard I was. I could feel his breath on my cock. He was only a few inches away from my cock now.
"Can, can I, nevermind," Jake began sheepishly, turning red. "Let's get your back done".
I knew he wanted to ask to touch my cock. That's what he had been about to ask. I would have let him, but didn't want to push him faster than he wanted to go. He wasn't that comfortable just quite yet. I slipped my ring off so I could lay comfortably and rolled over onto my front. I tucked my still engorged cock down between my legs so the tip was poking out behind me, with my balls pressed against my taint. The underside of my cock head was fully visible to Jake.
I felt some pressure to the side of me as Jake placed a knee on the side of the lounger and prepares to straddle me, as I had him. I heard his breathing quicken as he swung his other leg over my ass. I could sense he was hovering over me, nervous about his aroused cock and balls touching me.
"Relax, Jake. We're way past worrying about that now", I reassured him. I felt him relax and his weight start to rest upon the top of legs, just underneath my ass. I felt his smooth balls gently touch my ass as he got comfortable over me.
As Jake reached forward to apply the oil to my shoulders, I felt his cock rub against the top of my ass. I felt a twinge of excitement. Jake proceeded to massage the sun oil into my shoulders, working his way down my back. I felt his cock and balls touch my ass as he worked.
"Mmm, that feels good, Jake," I moaned as his hands worked down my sides to the top of my hips.
Jake slid down my legs slightly. His cock gently touched my balls. That meant it was inches from mine. Another twitch of excitement ran through me. I felt his hands strat to rub oil into my ass. He had got bolder. Jake worked my cheeks in firm, circular motions. I could feel them parting slightly with each rub. Jake could get a peek at my asshole now if he wanted.
Jake paused. "How far between your ass shall I go? I don't want to do anything you don't want me to."
"As far as you like, I really don't mind." I really didn't. I was enjoying being explored by this horny teenager.
I felt Jake's hands return to my ass. This time, they moved quickly towards my crack and he began to rub the oil in, working ever closer to my asshole, cock and balls. I could hear his breathing quicken as his fingers brushed across my hole. He was really getting that oil everywhere.
"I think I've got everywhere. I was really nervous about parting your cheeks and getting in there, but I just really, really wanted to touch it."
"It's fine, I kinda liked it."
"That thing you did to me, when you touched my dick with yours, can I do it to you? I want to touch you with my cock. Before we get some more rays."
"Sure. Go ahead."
I feel the tip of Jake's cock touch mine. Right on my piss slit. Oh my god. I feel him start to slide along the underside of my engorged head, over my retracted foreskin and up the length of my shaft until he touched my balls. There was a bit more resistance as he slid his elegant tip over my balls. I heard a slight moan from behind me. I could feel his cock pressing against my taint. Now Jake did some thing I did not expect. He pressed his cock hard against me, parting my cheeks slightly, and began to slide up my ass crack. I felt his cock tip pass directly over my asshole. I shuddered at the touch. Jake continued to slide his cock up the rest of my ass crack until I felt his balls against me. Not today it seemed.
"Wow. What a rush. I can't believe I just did that," exclaimed Jake as he lay back down on his front. He poked his cock back between his legs like he had earlier when I applied oil to him.
"Haha. Yeah, your inhibitions have gone now. Just enjoy being naked in the sun."
We continued sunning for a while in silence, I told the silence was broken by Jake.
"Hey, erm, I kinda liked that", I heard a voice say quitely.
"Liked what?" I asked.
"You know, when our cocks touched."
"You did?" i responded, hiding my surprise as his confession.
"Yeah. I was really nervous about letting my cock touch you, but I remembered that you let yours touch me, so I just let it happen. I've never been so free with my cock before, not having to worry about getting hard or anything. I mean, look at me now."
I looked over at Jake. He had sat up and was leaning back, with his legs spread wide. His cock was rock hard and pointing towards the sky. His balls were all tight at the base of his shaft and he was looking astonished at his own boldness. He was inviting me to look directly at his aroused cock and balls. And I made sure to get a good look. I could see a few veins clearly running up his shaft towards his fully exposed, tapered cock head. I could see his cock pulsing slightly in time with his heartbeat. There was a glisten of precum beading at his piss slit. He looked like he was about to explode.
I rolled back on to my front and sat up like Jake had. I gave him another clear view of my engorged cock. It drew his attention straight away.
"Can we do it again? But, like, more?"
"Do what again?" I asked, seeking clarification.
"I want our cocks to touch again. I've never done that before and it felt really good. And the more I sit here looking at your cock and balls, the more I want to touch them. Your cock head is really big when your hard like you are now; I want to touch it with mine."
"Sure. Come over here."
Jake stood up, his cock bouncing in front of him as he took the few steps over to my lounger. He stopped at the side level with my hips. His cock was within reach, but I resisted the urge to reach out and grasp it. Now was not quite the time for that. Nearly, but not now.
"How do we do this?" Jake asked.
"Straddle me like you did when you put the oil on my back, that will put our cocks close enough together."
Jake threw one leg over me eagerly, betraying his excitement. Our cocks were within inches of each other as he settled across the tops of my thighs.
"I'm going to let you do what you want, touch where you want," I explained. "Whatever you are comfortable with. Go ahead, explore. Touch me with your cock. As you like."
I felt Jake's breathing quicken as he slowly reached down towards his cock. This would be the first ime he had touched his cock in front of me. He grasped the base of his shaft between a thumb and forefinger and paused.
"You're sure you're ok with this? Like, me touching you with my cock like this? Before, when I thought it was accidental, I was ok, but this is different..."
"Yes, it's fine. You can rub your cock wherever you like. I want you to. I want to feel your hard cock rubbing against mine. I want to feel your piss slit on mine. Rub your cock anywhere. Grind yourself against me."
"Ok. Here goes."
Jake wiggled slightly closer, and pointed his cock at the base of my shaft. I felt his swollen cock head make contact. Jake started to slide his cock head up the length of my shaft towards the tip.
"Mmmm...I like that,that feels good," moaned Jake as he continued to rub his cock head up and down my shaft. His stiff member was smearing his precum all over me.
I reached down to steady my cock against Jake's motion. Grasping it at the base, I held it towards Jake, giving him better access to my leaky mushroom head. Precum was dripping down my frenulum towards Jake's shining glans.
"Mmm, yeah, like that," I said. "Keep going. Get the tips together, explore my glans with yours."
Jake proceeded to do as I said. His cock slid up mine until I felt it against my frenulum. He had slid through my oozing precum. Now our precum was mixing as he slid his piss slit right round the edge of my throbbing cock. I could feel him pressing hard enough against me to open his slit slightly as he slid round. He was really starting to get into this now.
"Oh yeah, mmm, urgh" moaned Jake as he slid his slick cock all over mine. "Oh my god, our cocks rubbing together like this feels so good."
Jake began to lean in to me more. I felt his balls against mine. He was now furiously grinding his whole cock against my raging hard on. I could feel his dick veins as he slid his shaft parallel to mine. I wasn't sure how much more I could take. I was surprised Jake was lastng as long as he was. His cock was so hard. His cock head was swollen and purple as it rubbed against mine.
"Oh no! I am so sorry!" Jake exclaimed. "I didn't mean to..."
His motion stopped and I felt his balls tighten and his cock tremble as cum rushed up his shaft and erupted from his swollen tip. I even saw his slit open as he came. The first load went up between us and landed on my chest. The next few pumps were a bit calmer and landed on both our cocks and my midrif, until the final spurt of cum oozed out of his cock and all over my engorged cock head.
Jake looked horrified and froze. He was too shocked to move. His cock was still hard. I couldn't hold it any longer and I emptied my balls all over Jake's cock. Thick ropes of cum covered it. Spurt after spurt began to dribble slowly down his now empty balls.
"Oh God, yeah! Mmm...oh yeah," I exclaimed as I reached between us and grasped both of our cocks together. I felt our mix of cum making our cocks slippery as I massaged them together. "Fuck that was so good. Your cock feels so good against mine. Bet you feel better now."
"You, you mean, oh it so fucking did. I had no idea I could cum so hard. I held it as long as I could become I didn't want to make a mess, but then it just happened, and now, ohhh...keep doing that, please. Jesus, you're touching my cock! With your cock, uhhh, feel like I'm gonna cum again!"
I felt Jake tensing again while I rubbed his cum covered cock against mine. Bloody hell, that was quick I thought. Jake pressed himself against me again as a much smaller, less energetic spurt of cum left his cock and added to the mess that I was rubbing our cocks with.
"That's impressive. Another one so soon. I wish I had that ability," I commented.
"I didn't know I could. I've just never been so horny I guess. Wow, that was good," remarked Jake, his eyes still wide in amazement.
Our cocks and balls were a gooey mess of cum. Such a mess. Jake was still straddling me and gyrating gently, rubbing himself against me, a slight squelch with each movement. Our cocks were deflating now. I felt cum dribbling down my balls towards my ass. I thought about taking it a bit further, but I didn't want to push Jake too far too quickly.
"Well, it certainly seems like you enjoyed your first nude sunbathing. I definitely enjoyed having the company," I smiled.
"It was brilliant!" he exclaimed as he came out of his post orgasmic trance. "I wasn't expecting anything like that to happen though. Damn, man. And to think how shy I was earlier, and here I am, straddling you with our cocks resting on each other."
"You really got into that. I wasn't sure how comfortable you were feeling but I guess that answers that question."
"I can't believe you touched my cock. And let me put my cock on you. I know you said to 'explore', I was really nervous and kept expecting you to stop me."
"I was enjoying it too much. I loved feeling you against me. I was happy to let you carry on."
"Can I come over again? I really want to do this again. I want to touch your cock some more, feel you rub it around on me instead. I want to see what it feels like. Maybe I could try an ring too, like you? It made your cock look so veiny and hard."
"Sure, just peek the fence when you see me out here. You can join me anytime. I'll get another ring ready for you. It feels so good with a ring; everything feels full and heavy."
"Your cock looked so good when you walked over to me at the fence earlier. It was swinging like it was huge."
"Thanks. I'd like to see what yours looks like, puffed up and solid too."
"I can't wait!" Jake beamed as he slid off me. Our messy cocks finally separating, he stood up. "I'm going to have to go before my folks get back though, have a shower and that. I wish I could stay for longer."
He looked a bit subdued at the thought. He could have a shower here, with me. No, patience. Leave some things for the future. "Hey, don't rush things. Take time to enjoy the experience. It's still the start of summer, there'll be plenty of time to try things out."
"Yeah, that's a good idea," said Jake. He looked cheered at the thought of playing around in the nude for as much of the summer as possible.
Hr grabbed his shorts, not bothering to put them on. I watched his tight ass as he walked past, his now soft cock bounced lightly as he headed back towards the fence and disappeared over.
I stood up, picked up my ring and headed inside for a shower. I hoped the weather was good tomorrow. I wanted to play with Jake some more.