It was a warm Spring afternoon, and I'd just gotten out of the shower following a run along Chicago's Lakeshore. I was fortunate to live practically across the street from the Lincoln Park Zoo and Lake Michigan, in a cozy two-bedroom apartment with my best friend Molly. She was going to be busy all afternoon and evening with classes and a shift at the bar on the corner where she worked as a server/bartender, so I was waiting for Mark to stop by on his way home from work.
After catching Mark and I fooling around in his car a couple of weeks ago and figuring out that I was sneaking around with him, Molly had expressed her concern. But she also knows me well, and I think she saw right away that there wasn't anything she'd be able to do or say to stop me from continuing to see him. Since then, she hadn't brought it up again. It was a bit of a relief knowing that my secret was out, with her at least. But I knew she disapproved of me seeing an older, married guy, so I still made a point of only having Mark over when she wasn't home.
I walked over to open the window in my room, letting in a pleasant breeze as I stood in just my underwear and bra. I was still a little sweaty from the run and waiting to get dressed until I could cool down a bit. Or if Mark made it over soon enough, I figured I could skip getting dressed altogether.
As if on cue, my phone rang from my bedside table. I walked back over and smiled as I answered, seeing that it was Mark calling. "Hey, are you almost here?"
"I wish," he groaned. "A meeting just popped up. It'll be about an hour before I can get there."
"Hmm... I'm not used to being the one on the receiving end of your excuses," I teased. Though I couldn't quite hide the disappointment from my tone.
Mark laughed. "I wish I didn't have to give it. I've been thinking about you all day, looking forward to seeing you."
Any frustration I felt melted away when he said that, and my smile returned. "Me too."
"What are you doing now?" he asked.
"Just got out of the shower, standing around in my underwear. I was just debating whether I should bother getting dressed if you were going to be here soon, but now that I have quite a wait ahead of me..."
Mark moaned softly. "Tease," he said, affectionately. I could hear the smile in his voice. "Not sure why you even bothered with the underwear."
I chuckled. "Good question. Maybe I'll take them off, just in case that image can motivate you to get here faster...
"I want it off," he said evenly, suddenly switching into the sexy, commanding tone I was becoming accustomed to.
My smile grew. "Okay," I agreed easily.
"Good slut."
I breathed out a soft moan, feeling a tingle between my legs from his words. "Unhooking my bra now," I narrated, wanting to turn him on as much as he was doing so for me. "Slipping it off my shoulders."
"I know you want to feel those tits for me."
"They do feel nice," I agreed. "Big and soft... except for the nipples. Those are rather hard already."
"Tweak them for me."
"Mmm, ok. I can't wait to feel your hands and mouth on them."
"Me too," Mark agreed. "Now reach down and tell me if you're wet already."
I didn't have to touch myself to know that I was dripping and getting wetter with every direction Mark gave me, but I did anyway, wanting to do as I was told. "I am," I answered. "Very."
"Good. Now spread your legs and finger yourself. I want to hear you cum before my meeting starts."
I sighed, slipping my underwear down and off, sitting on the edge of my bed. I leaned back, one knee up, rubbing the wetness around my pussy, then sliding two fingers inside, narrating every step to Mark.
"Good girl," he praised, his voice growing huskier.
"I love thinking about you making me cum from work... maybe getting hard in your office."
"I'm sitting at my desk with a hard on now. Slide your fingers in and out. Slow, then fast. Let me hear."
I moaned and started fingering myself the way Mark told me to, holding the phone down near my pussy so he could hear the wet sound of my fingers moving in and out.
"That's so hot," I heard, once I brought the phone back up to my ear. "I can't wait to get there and feel your wetness."
I kept rubbing and pushing my fingers in harder and faster. "I can't wait to feel your hard cock inside me."
"Tell me what you're thinking about as you finger that pussy."
I closed my eyes and imagined Mark in the room as if he just arrived. "I'm thinking about watching you take your cock out and stroke it in front of me when you see me. Watching me while I play with myself like this. How desperate I'll feel to have more of you as soon as I see you. Mouth watering, wanting your cock inside. Pussy throbbing, waiting for you to fill me."
"You always make me so horny, Sam. I'm constantly thinking about fucking you."
I moaned, laying back on the bed, my fingers rubbing harder and faster. It was such a turn on to hear how much Mark wanted me. To know that he was feeling at least something close to what I was.
"Watching your fingers moving in and out," he continued. "I have so much pre-cum waiting for you to lick."
"Fuck... I want to," I breathed.
"You're such a hot slut for me. I can hear you getting close."
"Yess..." I sighed. "So close. I love that you've made me your slut. My pussy is throbbing for you."
"I love making you my slut. I'm stroking a little through my pants now... I'm going to be hard for you when I go into this meeting."
"Mmm, I like that."
A big gust of wind blew in then, momentarily catching my attention as the curtains danced and something on my desk got knocked over.
"I'm going to fuck you so hard when I get there," Mark said, drawing me right back.
"Yess, I can't wait. I need you so much."
"You're driving me crazy. I don't know how I'm going to speak in complete sentences in this meeting."
I laughed a little, still rubbing my clit but slowing a bit. "Do you need to go?"
"I should probably try to calm down a bit before I have to go in. I'll try to keep it quick so I can get over there and finish what we started."
"Okay," I agreed, feeling a little disappointed and trying not to let it show. I kept rubbing a little, almost absentmindedly, as Mark and I continued chatting, watching the curtains blow around in the wind and looking out the window.
"I'll be there as soon as I can," Mark said as we wrapped up the call.
"Are you sure you still have time now that you're really working late?"
Mark chuckled. "I'll figure it out. I need to see you."
"Okay," I smiled, happy to hear that our plans were just delayed, not canceled.
"Keep yourself ready for me."
"Mmm," I moaned. "Okay. I'll try my best to wait."
"Naughty girl," Mark said with a little groan. "Send me a message if you cum while you're waiting."
"Okay," I agreed easily. "Have a good meeting. Don't scare anyone with your boner."
Mark laughed. "I'll try my best."
We got off the phone, and I sighed, laying back on the bed, feeling frustrated and close, contemplating whether I wanted to make myself cum now and tell Mark about it or just try to wait. I was still writhing on the bed, squeezing my thighs together as I remembered Mark's hot, dirty words and the images they conjured. My hands roamed over my body, from my chest, down over my stomach, to my thighs. Then I spread my legs a little and slid my hand back down between them, continuing to rub my pussy. Maybe I would just try to follow Mark's directions to keep myself close... I could try to just keep teasing myself, to see how close I could get to cumming without finishing. The plan felt dangerous though, knowing how desperate I was already.
Another gust of wind blew the curtains around, and I glanced up again. This time, my eyes caught on a person in the window across from mine. There was a guy standing in his window, and it looked like he was staring right back at me. It took me a moment to realize exactly what I was seeing, and what he must be seeing. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and it looked like... he wasn't moving, but it looked like he had his cock out in his right hand. The image startled me, and I sort of froze up. I must be seeing things. Or if he is touching himself at the window, it must just be a coincidence. Maybe he's looking out his window and showing off or something.
Before I could talk myself out of it, I was getting up and moving closer to get a better look. It occurred to me I should pull on my robe or something else to cover up, but for some reason, I didn't. I just stepped right in front of the window and looked across the street at my naked neighbor. A naked neighbor who looked strangely familiar...
I kept watching and waiting to see him turn to look another way, but he kept staring right back at me, a slow smile forming on his lips as he raised his left hand to wave awkwardly. His face was red, and I wondered if he was just warm or blushing.
Suddenly, the dots connected in my brain and I recognized him as the guy from the bar a few nights ago. I had been there keeping Molly company while she worked, just sitting at the counter working on some reading for one of my classes, and he came up to talk to me as he ordered drinks. What was his name? Chris, I think. It stuck with me because I remember thinking that he looked a little like a younger, less beefy version of Chris Hemsworth. He did say that he'd just moved in around the corner. Now there he was, watching me from his apartment right across the street. Then it occurred to me that I'd been leaving my curtains open for weeks, whenever I touched myself on the phone with Mark, and whenever he came over. How long had Chris been watching? When he came up to talk to me at the bar, was it because he already recognized me as the naked slut in the window?
My spiraling thoughts were interrupted as I noticed some movement in Chris' window. My eyes drew down as his right hand resumed stroking. He moved slowly at first, his hand covering the head of his cock and barely rubbing. But as I kept watching, feeling unable to pull my eyes away, I saw him slide his hand down, stroking a little faster.
I felt a tingle in my pussy as I noticed the size of his cock, his hand sliding in long, slow strokes. I told myself it must just look bigger from a distance, or from this angle. But curiosity had my attention wrapt. I watched as he leaned forward, bracing himself with his free hand against the side of the window, not taking his eyes off of me, the hand on his cock moving faster. Then he nodded at me, and somehow I knew what he was trying to communicate; what he wanted. It caused a pulsing, throbbing sensation between my legs.
Without letting myself overthink it, I slid my hand down to resume touching myself too, stepping out to the side with my right foot, spreading my legs slightly. I rubbed my middle fingers over my pussy, along my lips and up to my clit.
Chris' expression changed, his eyebrows furrowing, mouth gaping open. I could tell how turned on he was, dark pink circles on his cheeks, his chest heaving.
Seeing his reactions only spurred me on further. I lifted my left leg and rested my foot on the windowsill, slipping my fingers further back and then up into my pussy. My left hand came to my chest, rubbing my breasts and my hard nipples as they tingled.
Chris' body arched over suddenly, his hand moving faster on his cock. He looked to be making some groaning or grunting sounds, his lips moving to form curses.
I wanted to hear that, to hear his moans. An image flashed into my mind, of Chris hovering over me, red-faced, grunting and cursing as he fucked me, getting ready to cum inside me. Suddenly I was writhing too, my hand moving to the windowpane to brace myself as my back arched, my hips grinding on my hand as I fucked myself with my fingers, my palm pressed against my clit and rubbing.
Chris' hand moved almost violently on his cock as he watched me. I knew he was about to cum. And I was about to watch. He stood up straighter, changing to long strokes on his cock, from his base to the head and back. Then his hand slowed, and I saw the first shot of his cum stream out, hitting the inside of his closed window. He continued to rub out spurt after spurt, coating an impressive section of the window.
When he finally finished cumming, Chris stood with his cock in his hand, breathing hard. I finally raised my eyes back to his face to find him smiling over, then nodding at me again and mouthing the words, "Your turn."
I felt myself smiling a big, silly grin, still reeling from the intensity of the moment we were sharing, and from the mess I just watched him make on his window. I slid my fingers out of my pussy and up to my clit, rubbing fast up and down over it. I was close. So close, after getting turned on with Mark on the phone and now watching Chris.
But then there was a nagging voice in my mind that gave me pause as I thought about Mark, wondering how he would feel about me sharing this experience with my voyeuristic neighbor. Still, I couldn't deny that I wanted to keep going, and tried to come up with an excuse to go for it: Mark told me to keep myself ready for him. He always tells me he likes that I keep my curtains open; he must want something like this to happen. Besides, Chris had likely been watching me for a while already... there wasn't much of a point in being shy about it now.
Chris was watching me intently and still stroking his cock, which appeared to be staying quite hard. I watched as he turned to pull up a chair, glimpsing his cock from the side, my eyes widening as I noted he looked even bigger from that angle. I estimated he had to be at least 8 inches, probably closer to 9. My pussy throbbed as I imagined what it would feel like to have him buried deep inside me; and how much of him I'd be able to take down my throat.
Rather than sitting down in the chair he'd pulled up, Chris only gestured to it, looking back at me. I guessed he wanted me to sit. He used some hand gestures to help convey his message as he mouthed another message to me, which I pieced together to be, "I want to see your pussy."
I smiled, shaking my head at him and rolling my eyes. But I also pulled my desk chair over, right up to the window. I sat and propped both of my feet up on the window ledge, giving him the best view possible from this distance.
Chris' smile widened as he gave me a thumbs up and a wink.
I laughed, then resumed rubbing my clit and massaging my breasts.
He looked down at his cock, then moved a little again, leaning towards what appeared to be a desk or dresser. I saw him squirt some lotion into his hand, then he wrapped it around his still-hard cock, slowly moving up and down, then gradually stroking faster.
Seeing Chris lube up his cock like that, I knew he was preparing to make himself cum again. Fuck. My eyebrows furrowed, my head rolling back against my chair as my hand moved faster over my clit. I rubbed frantically, imagining Chris filling my pussy with shot after shot of cum and then staying hard to continue fucking me. Behind me, thrusting hard, his big, thick cock slamming into me, so deep. My ass up in the air, face down on the mattress, reaching back to rub my clit and cumming over and over as he fucked me hard, not letting up. Hands squeezing and slapping my ass, dragging me on and off of him.
I forced myself to open my eyes and look back over before letting go and cumming. Chris' hand was moving over the full length of his cock now, rolling over the head and twisting his hand as he jacked himself off. His eyebrows furrowed again, and he was biting his bottom lip. I knew he was close again, watching me get myself off. He nodded at me and mouthed something else. Just a single word this time. I knew he was telling me to cum, holding out on cumming again himself, waiting to watch me. Just as he'd evidently been watching me for some time now.
I thought about how many times Chris may have seen me cum already. And how many times he might've cum as he watched the show I didn't know I was putting on for him. It turned me on so much more than I would've thought. It was enough to put me over the edge. My fingers pressed harder onto my clit, rubbing faster yet as I felt the release I needed. My thighs shook, my head rolled back as my body writhed in the chair, my feet arched and pressed against the windowsill, toes curling. I came hard and kept cumming, my thighs squeezing together as my pussy continued to clench.
I struggled to keep my eyes open and on Chris. He started cumming again as soon as I did, several more ropes of cum shooting onto another section of his window. Watching him cum like that extended my orgasm. I kept rubbing and watching, imagining what it would feel like to have his dick pulsing, shooting cum inside of me like that. Fuck.
I didn't move or even sit up in the chair right away, allowing myself a few moments to revel in the aftermath of that intense orgasm. Chris seemed to do the same thing, still propping himself up with an arm against the window frame and gently stroking near the head of his cock with a few fingertips. I was still breathing hard as I watched. As much as I'd like to tell myself that what just happened was relatively innocent and not something I should feel nervous to tell Mark, the moment felt intimate as Chris and I came down together, still watching each other through our windows.
Chris moved first, cleaning up his mess. I watched as he picked up a spray bottle of what looked like Windex and some paper towels from the dresser/desk next to his window and set to work wiping up all the cum streaking down his window. I couldn't help laughing, guessing that it was probably his usual process. He already had his little clean-up kit set up nearby; it was more evidence that he'd been watching me masturbate, and watching Mark and I fucking, for some time now.
With that thought, I finally got up, too. I stepped away from the window to get my robe, which hung from a hook over the closet door. Then I put it on and tied it around my waist as I walked back over to my bed to retrieve my phone. I found that I'd missed a few texts from Mark, starting about 15 minutes earlier.
Mark: Meeting ended early :)
Mark: Heading out now
Mark: Did you make yourself cum? How close are you?
Gauging the time since Mark's last message, I guessed he might be close by already. My nerves ramped up. I felt uneasy about what had just happened, knowing Mark's reaction could go either way. It didn't seem like a good idea to send it as a text, but I knew that he'd just ask again as soon as he arrived if I said nothing.
Sam: Just came once... Couldn't quite wait ;)
As I contemplated how I might tell Mark about what happened, I turned back toward the window and noticed Chris motioning to me again. He was trying to tell me something with a combination of mouthed words and hand gestures. First, he pointed to me while mouthing the word "You," then he pointed to himself ("Me"), then he pointed down to the street, using two fingers to mimic a walking motion. I had to smile at the effort he was putting into the hilariously archaic form of communicating. But in response, I shook my head no, pointing to my phone.
Chris seemed to put it together that Mark was on his way over and nodded slowly, smirking.
I blushed again as I smiled back. Then, I forced myself to step away from the window, waving a quick goodbye to Chris before going to the kitchen to get myself something to drink.
I'd set out for a glass of water, but then realized I was in the mood for something stronger. So, I got out the vodka and orange juice and mixed myself a fairly strong screwdriver. Then I thought twice before putting the vodka back away and poured myself a double shot on the side for good measure.
I couldn't get the image of Chris cumming on his window out of my mind. When I closed my eyes, there was a sudden flash of cum erupting from his cock. My pussy clenched as I imagined it, remembering how hard Chris came. The mess he made on the window, twice. I was throbbing and wanting more. More than just my own fingers in my pussy.
I got a few more texts from Mark then:
Mark: Mmm
Mark: Can't wait to feel how wet you are for me
Mark: Just parked ;)
Despite my nerves, I felt myself reacting, knowing that he'd finally arrived. I was so turned on. As I waited for Mark to ring the buzzer, I kept seeing the image of Chris cumming on his window, thinking about feeling it in my mouth or pussy. All of that cum... it might go everywhere. Dripping down my chin. Or all over my chest. My face. Totally covering me.
The loud buzz of the intercom brought me out of my daydream. I buzzed Mark in and then stepped into the hallway to wait for him. He came up and jokingly took a few deep breaths after all those stairs. I laughed and led him inside, biting my lip and looking him over hungrily.
"I'm really glad you're here," I told him.
"Still turned on?" he asked. "Thinking about me rushing out of work to come over and fuck you?"
I sighed and nodded, stepping closer into his arms. My hands slid up his chest, behind his neck as I kissed him deeply right away.
Mark kissed me back with a groan, his hands slipping under my robe to verify that I was still naked underneath, and still wet.
"Fuck," he groaned as his fingers slid between my soaked pussy lips. "So wet. My cock is going to slide right in."
I shuddered and moaned, feeling Mark's warm breath against my neck as his lips brushed over my skin there. I reached for the front of his pants, rubbing his bulge. "I want to feel that. I can't wait for you to fuck me."
With that, Mark kissed me again and urged me forward, towards my bedroom. He untied and pushed off my robe quickly, dropping it on the floor in the doorway. We worked together to unbutton his shirt as he kissed me and guided me towards the bed.
"I can't wait to sink my cock into you," he muttered against my lips, his mouth trailing over my jawbone, behind my ear and back down to my neck, kissing and biting me all over as his fingers slipped back into my pussy. "Tell me what you thought about when you came. What made you this wet?"
I tensed up slightly, facing the question I'd been expecting. I wanted to tell him, but I worried it might interrupt the moment and possibly upset him.
Mark noticed my hesitancy and that I was taking too long to respond. He pulled back to look at me, a curious look on his face as he waited for my response. "Tell me," he commanded, pushing his fingers deeper, curling them inside as he rubbed me.
I gasped and moaned as I felt his touch, distracting myself with the rest of the buttons on his shirt. "I was thinking about everything you said on the phone. I loved knowing you were turning me on like that while you were at work, about to go into a meeting."
Mark smirked at me, watching my blush and other reactions, sensing that I wasn't telling him everything. "What else?"
I started to respond, but then realized I didn't know what to say. The words caught in my throat as I finished the buttons and pushed off his shirt, then gently urged him down onto the bed.
He allowed me to push him down, smirking up at me as he sat at the edge of the bed and leaned back on his elbows.
I moved between his legs and smiled down at him nervously, biting my lip as I brought one knee up onto the bed and leaned over him. I moved on to his belt next, unbuckling quickly, rubbing his cock through the fabric before unhooking his pants.
Mark groaned and ran his hands over my thighs, up to my hips and ass, squeezing as I straddled him. His eyes studied me as he tried to read my expression and mood, no doubt wondering what I wasn't telling him.
Then I saw his eyes catch on something behind me. "What's your chair doing by the window like that?"
My stomach dropped as I realized my mistake. I turned around to look, buying myself some time to form a response. I didn't know what to say. I knew I didn't want to lie to him, but wasn't sure how to start the truth.
He looked past me at the chair again, noticing its position. "Were you putting on a show?" he asked, still smirking up at me. His hands slid further up my thighs, fingers brushing over my pussy again, feeling the wetness.
I sighed, clenching and grinding in reaction to his touch.
"Tell me," Mark commanded. But his voice was calm, not harsh.
Without letting myself overthink things any more, I decided to just tell him the truth. "I noticed someone in an apartment across the street watching when I was touching myself, right after we got off the phone."
Mark's eyes flickered, and his smile grew. He looked around me to the window, and then brought his hands to my hips, gently urging me up off of his lap. He stood up with me and made his way over to the window to look. "Which apartment?" he asked.
I came to join Mark at the window to look, and was mostly relieved to see that Chris was no longer there watching. In fact, his blinds were closed.
"Who did you see?"
"It was a guy... my age."
Mark watched me, his eyes roaming over me from my face, down my chest, noting my hard nipples, then down further. His hands followed. "You must have liked what you saw," he prompted, dropping another kiss on my shoulder, working his way up my neck. "You're so wet for him."
I felt the heat rising in my cheeks, my flush intensifying. "It was the guy from the bar," I blurted.
Mark pulled back in surprise, looking right at me. I could see the wheels turning in his brain as he tried to remember.
"The guy who was flirting with me a little last Thursday, when I was hanging out with Molly during her shift," I explained, feeling glad that I'd already been forthcoming with Mark about the encounter.
His smirk grew once again as he thought about what I was saying, looking back down at the chair and likely noting its position. "Tell me what happened."
"I saw him and noticed he was touching himself as he watched me. I think he's been watching for a while... whenever I have the curtains open," I said, feeling Mark's fingers stroking me. I sighed, grinding on his hand.
"What makes you say that?" he asked.
"I'm not sure," I admitted. "I just had that feeling."
"What did you do when you saw him stroking his cock?"
I blushed, remembering and visualizing Chris stroking once again, sighing and gripping Mark's shoulder, pressing myself harder into his hand. "I watched. And I touched myself, too."
"You sat in this chair to give him a closer look?" Mark guessed, his fingers pressing down along my slit and then suddenly thrusting up into my pussy.
"Fuck!" I gasped, feeling the sudden invasion of his fingers. The alcohol and lust were clouding my judgment and I no longer felt a filter keeping me from telling Mark any and everything. "I stood at the window first, with one leg up. Rubbing my clit and fingering a little. Then he gestured for me to sit so he could see more of my pussy."
Mark held me in his arms, kissing my neck as he lifted my left leg around his waist. He kept thrusting his fingers into me, curling them and rubbing on my g-spot. "You wanted to cum for him. You like knowing that he's been watching you as you make yourself cum, don't you? You like thinking about his hand sliding on his cock as he watches you. You liked watching him."
I moaned, riding Mark's hand. "Yess!" I breathed. "He came so much. It was so hot watching his hand sliding on his big cock. He sprayed so much cum all over his window. He stayed hard after and kept stroking until he came a second time."
I felt Mark's hand pick up speed and press harder as I spoke. "And you thought about having his cock in your mouth? Your pussy? Feeling that cum shooting into you instead of the window?"
The increased pressure of Mark's fingers, the image of Chris' cock exploding inside me, and the thrill of telling Mark what I'd done and hearing him respond by talking me through a fantasy brought me crashing over the edge of another orgasm.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, my whole body writhing in Mark's arms as my pussy clenched and squeezed around his fingers, thighs shaking. I held on tight to his arms to keep from collapsing as my whole body writhed and shook.
Mark didn't let up, fingering me hard all the way through. Then he growled as he pulled back, firmly guiding me back toward the window and the chair. "Sit," he ordered simply, pressing down on my shoulders. "Show me how you touched yourself for him."
I was still reeling from the orgasm, my ears ringing and muscles feeling weak. But I allowed Mark to guide me back into the chair.
Then he was unhooking and unzipping his pants, pushing them down with his underwear in one swift move, his cock springing up, already hard. He stepped closer to the chair on my right side and grabbed my head with both hands, holding me in place as he pushed his cock straight into my mouth.
My left hand pressed back on Mark's hip as I moaned. I didn't press hard enough to stop him, though. I didn't want to.
Mark removed my hand from his hip anyway, then groaned as he guided my head on his cock, his hands combing into my hair and gripping tight. "Have you been a slut without me, Sam? Letting your neighbor see you cum?"
Fuck. It sounded like the reaction I was afraid of. But clearly Mark was feeling more turned on than angry, so I went with it. I moaned on his cock affirmatively, leaning back in the seat and raising my feet back up to the window ledge as they were before, my left hand sliding down to rub my clit again. My right hand reached up to play with his balls. I felt his grip tighten on my head and then he was pressing deep down my throat, causing me to gag.
"That's it, Sam. My naughty little cock sucking college slut. Thinking about having another cock in your mouth while you waited for me to come fuck you."
Mark pulled back when he heard me gag, allowing me to take a breath before thrusting his cock back into my mouth. His words made me a little more uneasy, but I had to believe he was at least mostly turned on, if his rock hard cock in my mouth was any indication. I looked up, my eyes watering, and noticed that he was still looking out the window, towards Chris' apartment. I wondered if he wanted to see Chris, to size up the guy that tempted me into mutual masturbation earlier, or if he was just turned on by the idea of being watched, too.
Then Mark suddenly pulled his cock out of my mouth, moving to the side and pulling me by my hair, dragging me back over to the foot of the bed and pushing me down on my back. He pulled me to the edge by my hips and held my legs around himself as he stood between them.
"Keep watching," he ordered, entering me fast. "Watch and see if he comes back to watch you get fucked."
"Ohhh god!" I yelled, feeling Mark's cock sliding into my pussy easily. My back arched right away, my right hand slipping right down to my clit. "Yess! Fuck me. Please!"
Mark kept thrusting hard, pounding into me. The sound of his skin slapping against mine was even louder than my moaning.
"Are you my slut?" he asked, already grunting over me.
"Yesss!"
"Tell me."
"I'm your slut!" I yelled. "I'm your dirty college slut!"
"Louder," Mark demanded, his grip on my hips tightening as he fucked me harder.
"I'm your slut!" I yelled, as loudly as I could. I couldn't help glancing to the side, back out the window and across the street. Chris' blinds were still shut, but there was some movement. Maybe just a breeze causing them to sway. Or maybe he was peeking around them, trying not to get caught watching now.
Mark pushed in even deeper as he saw me look, fucking me harder, making me feel it.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, turning back to him. "I love the way you make me your slut!"
"You like him watching, don't you?"
"Yes!" I admitted, knowing I was beyond denying it.
"So wet when I got here. It must have really turned you on, seeing him stroke his cock for you. You couldn't help playing for him before I got here. Letting him see you cum."
I kept yelling and moaning. Mark's thrusts were hard and unrelenting. "I want him to see me cum for you as you pound my pussy! I'm so fucking close! You feel so good!"
Mark groaned, slamming into me and then slowing, trying to hold on to control, resisting the urge to cum inside me just yet. "You know he wants this pussy."
I moaned, still rubbing my clit.
"Maybe if you're a good slut for me, I'll let him have it."
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, exploding into another orgasm, squeezing around him and writhing on the bed.
"That's it, Sam. Cum on my cock!" Mark growled, slamming his cock into me as my pussy clenched on him. "Who's pussy is this?"
"It's your pussy!" I said, hearing it come out as more of a whimper as I looked up at him, face furrowed in pleasure, still clenching and tense.
"Tell me again."
"My pussy is yours!"
"Yes, it is. Mine to do with as I please."
"Yessssssss!" I hissed. "I love the way you own my pussy. And make me cum so hard every day."
"I will always own it. Now cum for me. Put on a show so he knows how hard I make you cum."
"Fuck!"
"I want to see him fuck you."
"Oh, my god!" I yelled. "I'm cumming!" And then I was again, yelling out so loudly and writhing through another orgasm.
Mark grunted, his knee coming up onto the bed beside me as he pushed my legs back, slamming into me harder, deeper. "You want to fuck him in front of me, don't you? You want to feel his cock."
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, still cumming.
"Tell me! Tell me you want his cock!"
"Yes!" I answered, finally. "I want all of that. I want him to fuck me. I want you to watch me take his big cock."
There was more grunting and groaning, and then I felt the first spurt of Mark's hot cum shooting into me as he came, filling my pussy as I told him I wanted another guy's cock.
I reached up to cup Mark's face in my hands and pulled him down to kiss me as he finished cumming, his eyes fluttering closed. He pulled back after a few moments, leaning back up and slowly pulling out of me, allowing a backflow of cum to stream out, dripping down to my ass. Mark watched and smiled, slapping the back of my thigh playfully as he stood up over me.
I smiled back and asked him to get me a towel from the closet so I could clean myself up a bit.
After handing me the towel, Mark pulled back on his underwear. I sat up on the bed, and noticed him looking back out the window towards Chris' apartment, his expression unreadable.
"What are you thinking?" I asked.
He turned back to me and smiled, causing any lingering doubts or fear I had to evaporate. "Think he was still watching?"
I laughed a little. "I'm not sure. At one point, I thought I saw the blinds moving."
Mark looked back over for another moment before coming to the bed to sit next to me, his hand brushing over my shoulder to the back of my neck, under my hair, pulling me into another kiss. Then, when he pulled back a few moments later, he said, "You're going to keep leaving your curtains open when I tell you to. I want you to tell me whenever you see him watching you again."
"Okay," I agreed easily, with a smile.
There was another pause. Mark searched my eyes, a mischievous grin forming on his lips. "You know you're going to fuck him, don't you?"
I felt my breath catch in a silent gasp as Mark's hand gripped my hair.
"It turned me on so much to hear you admit you want him. Knowing you're wondering what his cock is going to feel like. I can't wait to watch your face as he has his way with you."
I bit my lip, my eyebrows furrowed, chest heaving. I felt my pussy throbbing and clenching as Mark turned me on again with his words.
"You're going to be such a slut for me, aren't you?"
A whimper escaped my lips. It was so hot, knowing that Mark was getting worked up at the thought of me being with someone else. Doing it because I wanted to, but also because he wanted me to, and would tell me to. I couldn't find the words to express just how much he was turning me on, so I just nodded, reaching for him again, my hands finding his chest.
Mark smirked back at me. "You're going to give him another show tonight, while I make you cum on the phone. But curtains closed until then. Only open when I'm making you cum, unless I say."
"Okay," I breathed, smiling widely.
Then he kissed me again before getting up to finish getting dressed. I pulled my robe back on and walked him out of the apartment.
"Get home safe," I said as he turned to go. "Have a nice evening with your family."
"Thanks," he smiled back. "Tell Molly I said hi."
I laughed. "I don't think I will."
Mark smirked, coming back up to me for one more kiss. "Bye for now."
"Bye," I smiled back.