-His POV- Best Friend x Best Friend
All parties are above the age of 18.
The music was pounding loud and there were LED lights flickering rainbows along the walls. From an outside perspective it probably wasn't the best party ever, but we're all young and making due. Bodies gyrated against each other to the beat of the music as girls tripped in their heels almost spilling whatever alcoholic beverage they managed to find.
Then there was me and my best friend. We both leaned against a wall together just watching. This was unfamiliar territory for us. I got invited to parties all the time but I never wanted to go without her and she typically liked to stay in and read. The fact that we were even out here tonight was astounding.
She held a red solo cup in hand, from the look of it she had a bit of a buzz. I couldn't help but let my eyes wander her. I was well over six inches taller than her and that didn't change today either. Every girl here wore heels but not her, she had on these innocent ballet flats that made my heart pull in my chest. Her white dress clung to her, making her look like angel. She just looked so damned innocent. And so beautiful. She always radiated such beauty that I was jealous of every person who got to lay their eyes on her.
I was pulled from my thoughts when someone I recognized approached us.
"Hey, man! So happy you made it. Some of us are playing truth or dare upstairs if you want to join?"
I looked down and saw a timid look on my girl's face, I was about to decline before she gave a slight nod of her head, answering for both of us. We followed the guy upstairs and entered into a room down the hall. I'd say there was about fifteen of us now separated from the party.
So many of them were straight up drunk so I was curious how this game was going to go.
As I expected, there was a lot of childish questions and dares mixed with some horniness. I wish I could take my angel out of here before they got to her.
Soon enough it was my turn and all eyes swerved towards me.
"Truth or dare?"
I thought on it for a second before settling on, "Dare."
A manic grin took over the guy's face, "I dare you to fuck your friend right here in front of all of us."
The blood drained from my face, "What the fuck, dude? You weren't giving other people dares like that!"
"I was saving the best for you. C'mon. Is it really that big of a deal? Just give us a show. It's a paaarty. Don't be a kill joy."
"You're so fucked up for this. No. I won't."
"You will. You said dare and I dared you. You know what rumors I'll spread if you don't. This is the lesser evil and you know it. Stop taking everything so seriously."
I looked down at my angel and she stared back with fear in her eyes.
"We've got to... He'll make our lives a living hell if we don't", I whispered to her.
"I ca-can't. I'm a virgin."
The word virgin echoed in my ear as all my blood rushed to my dick. My innocent friend was untouched.
"I'm sorry... I don't know how to make this better."
"L-let's just get it over with."
I nodded my agreement and looked over to the group.
"So, what are you wanting us to do?"
"Fuck. Right there, in the middle of the floor so we can all see", he said pointing.
We walked over numbly before I laid her down on the floor and straddled her. I stared in her eyes for a moment before I lifted her dress above her naval.
She hoarsely whispered, "Oh god."
Even her underwear made her look innocent and fragile, they were so pale against her body with a small pink bow at the top. I let my fingers run along her slit through her panties before I slowly grabbed the hem and pulled them down her legs.
She immediately pulled her legs shut tight before I grabbed her knees and yanked them open. I stared at her pretty pussy for a bit and noticed that people moved closer so they could look too. Her face was reddened from embarrassment, her form slightly shaking.
I stood up and took off my pants and boxers in one go. My engorged cock sprang free for everyone to see. I couldn't even pretend I wasn't turned on. The head of my dick was red and leaking pre-cum down the base of my trunk. I looked huge standing above her.
I knelt down and pulled her closer to me. My dick rubbed on her soft stomach, I couldn't wait to pound into her. I didn't even care that we had an audience.
Her eyes widened as she looked at me, "Y-you're s-so big. I can't fit you. I can't."
I began rubbing my dick along her folds. Up and down.
"It's okay. I'll get it to fit. It'll be alright."
I continued my menstruations before I rubbed the head of my dick against her clit. Her whole body trembled and I noticed the wetness coming from her pussy. Her body knew that my monster of a cock was about to break into her and was trying to prepare.
Deciding it was as good as it was going to get I started pushing my tip into her entrance. Already her eyes were pinching in pain, I wished I had lube to at least ease her discomfort. Once my head was fully seated in her I paused to let out a breath.
Rustling notified me that people had started undressing and touching themselves. Her eyes roamed all around the room as tears filled her eyes. Knowing there was nothing I could do I started pushing inside her again.
I got to her hymen and pushed all the way through. She let out a cry but I just pushed my cock into her as far as I could go, down to the hilt. I groaned deep next to her ear before pulling my hips back and bucking into her.
My cock slid in and out of her tight heat. There was squelching sounds filling the room along with the sounds of others masturbating. I felt eyes on the point in between our legs. People were getting off on my fat cock destroying her virginal pussy.
She let out small cries every time I rammed home. Even her wetness coating my dick couldn't make this easier on her. I kissed and nipped at her neck. She seemed to relax some at my touch so I kept it up. My hand skimmed along her dress til I pulled it down exposing her breasts to the air. Her nipples were sharp points begging to be sucked so I did exactly that.
I heard the door creak open as I sucked on her breasts and rammed into her. A couple of gasps followed and I heard a few people enter the room. We were fully surrounded by people watching us, I felt possessive noticing it was mostly men.
Wanting them to know who owned this pussy, I pounded harder. I dragged my dick in and out of her ferociously. I felt my release chasing me. Biting down on the crook of her neck, I kept up my pace and starting shooting my cum into her. It felt like it was never ending, I had never come so much in my life. I was truly filling her up.
As I started slowing, male groans filled the air. Before I could even react someone was cumming over her and on her chest, followed by another, before someone came on her face. I stared in shock as her pussy squeezed my dick. I couldn't tell if it's because their hot cum on her scared her, or turned her on.
I pulled out, letting some of my come slip out and down her legs. Her legs stayed spread for a minute and everyone came and took a look at her abused, leaking pussy. She didn't even seem to register it, she was clearly in a state of shock.
I brought my fingers to her pussy and pushed my cum that had slipped out back inside her before I slipped her underwear back on. I brought her dress up over the cum on her chest and wiped her face.
Once I was dressed I helped her down the stairs and we got into my car. We just drove in silence, not knowing what to say.