~
It was her voice that made me turn back.
Gloria was holding on to my hand with a passion, there was no way she was letting go. After arriving we'd stopped in front and gotten a drink and then walked out back and checked out the spa and the swimming pool and the people; especially the people and the activities happening in various rooms of the house.
We'd been taking the tour of the rest of the house when her voice stopped me.
Mary had been right; these were not your average cross section of people from the city, but a cut above -- at least physically. Nudity was everywhere; complete and partial. Sex was everywhere, but not just an outright orgy. At the bar was a very attractive woman in a form fitting little black dress sitting next to a man in a polo shirt and slacks that were obviously just watching people as they nursed their drinks. The dress didn't go far down her legs, if she'd been facing me from the bar I suspected I'd have been able to see up her dress. I couldn't help but take a gander at her gorgeous legs and form from across the room. As my eyes came back to her face, she leaned over to the man she was with and said something, which caused him to glance our way.
At the spa, large enough for an easy dozen people, there was one man sitting on the edge, totally naked with only his legs in the water. A woman, apparently also naked from what I could see, was between his legs sucking him off. Two other couples were adjacent, up to their bare shoulders in the water, sitting and watching and, from the looks of arm locations, probably entertaining each other below the water line as they did.
In a corner of the front room a buxom brunette with a shelf bra holding up her naked breasts was riding her partner in an easy chair while holding the hand of a man sitting on a bar stool positioned immediately next to her and her partner. I suspected the woman was holding her husband's hand -- I had no idea who the man she was fucking was.
We'd stopped just inside a large play room where there were at least 8 people, although whether they were 4 couples or not, I couldn't tell. The room was easily large enough for another 8. Five of the participants, three women including one very attractive black woman and two men were playing together virtually in the middle. Off to one side there were two men and a woman, doing something I'd never seen before. The woman was on her side, almost facing us, sucking the cock of a very muscular black man. Between her legs a white man had his face buried in her pussy, but the most remarkable thing, a first for me, was that the black man was not only getting sucked, but was sucking the white man at the same time. A quick "oh my," from Gloria and the tightening of her hand on mine had corresponded with her looking in that direction.
Mary glanced at Gloria, smiled and said, "Remember, you don't have to participate in anything, you can just watch if you want." Turning we'd stepped out and down the hall, which is where I heard her voice.
The next room, much smaller, was complete with a large bed, one woman, and three men. The woman, apparently beautiful from what I could see (at least her body was a knockout), had her back to the headboard, but her face was hidden by the one man who was standing straddling her, his cock obviously in her mouth. The other two men were kneeling, one on each side, her hands holding and stroking their cocks. One of the two kneeling men was fondling her breasts, tweaking her nipples, slowly running his outside hand from breast to breast. From the natural motion caused by his fondling, although she had probably C cup breasts, it seemed apparent that they were all natural and quite beautiful. The other man, kneeling on the opposite side, had his hand down her red stretch panties, his middle finger obviously penetrating her and stroking. A fleeting thought went through my head questioning why she had her panties on when the one partner was obviously pleasuring her with his hand. I turned expecting to move on, but Gloria hadn't moved. She'd let go of my hand when I'd turned, and now with me unexpectedly pressed into her side, her face fixated on the foursome on the bed, I leaned in and said "Like that, do you?"
She watched for another 10 seconds before looking up at me, her hand reaching down to caress my cock through my pants at the same time and said, "Yeah, I do. That's hot."
Mary giggled at that, turned and stepped outside the door again. "I figured you'd loosen up once we got here."
Gloria definitely had, if not the jitters, at least qualms about coming. We'd discussed what we were up for at length, and mostly she was up for watching, and maybe playing while others were watching us. At first she'd said that maybe just getting together with Mary and Steve would be better, but eventually admitted she wanted to go at least once. I'd asked her if someone approached her and wanted to play and she was attracted to them just what she'd do -- and at first she said she'd turn them down, she could never do something like that. I reminded her of all the other things she'd said she had never or could never do that she had now done, and perhaps she should think about it before that came. Eventually, although we admitted to each other we probably weren't going to fuck around with others, there was a possibility of that, and I reminded her as long as we used condoms and practiced safe sex, almost anything was OK with me.
Later she'd admitted that what she'd visualized beforehand was multitudes of people participating in a wild orgy of fucking, but what we found was more of a semi (well, actually mostly) naked cocktail party. Admittedly most cocktail parties don't include actual sex in public (although tales of wild Christmas parties usually have some basis in truth) and the outright, "Would you guys like to join us in a room for a while?" propositions are, at the very least, a little more subtle. But other than that, it was a lot more subdued than either of us had expected.
As we stepped out into the hall and toward the next room, I suddenly heard her voice. "I said NO! The panties stay on!"
I stopped immediately, the face that went with the voice immediately popping into my head. The image of the body that went with the face that had just popped into my head also appeared -- although as I'd never seen her without clothes on, or even with suggestive clothes on, it was just in my imagination. I compared my mental image with the gorgeous woman in red panties that had just been taking on three men, and it added up. The breasts were about the right size. The curve of the waist, the length of the legs, even the red painted toenails that I'd just once barely seen one time with some open toed shoes all seemed to be about right.
Gloria took another step, and although I released my grip on her hand, she didn't release hers on mine, coming to a stop along with me. "What's the matter?" she asked, causing Steve and Mary, just a step ahead to also pause and look back.
"I know that voice. I know who she is!" I said, turning and taking the half step back to the open door.
Inside, the four of them were changing positions. The man who she'd been sucking was still hard, but was now off to one side pulling a condom off. Whether the two kneeling had tried to work together to take her panties off I couldn't tell, but the one that had been playing with her breasts was now looking sheepish, the other reaching for a condom package that she was holding out for him to take. "I'll pop my panties for the right woman, but nobody's fucking me unless I say so," her voice quieter than the almost shout that had brought me to a stop. I was looking right at her face, no longer blocked by the cock and butt in front of her, and her eyes rose to mine. A smile crossed her face as she saw me. "There's always room for more," she propositioned.
"Thanks, not right now," I answered stepping back to the other three who hadn't followed me back. "I know her," I said, "She's the..."
"Unh-Unh, Jim," Steve interrupted, his finger first waving back and forth in the air in a symbolic no and then coming to his lips telling me to quiet down.
Mary stepped closer to both Gloria and me and added in a loud whisper; "If you think you know someone here, they're not who you think they are unless they introduce themselves and acknowledge they also know you. There are a lot of people that are swingers or players that, if the word got out, the average public would crucify them. Judges, school teachers, sports stars, lawyers, priests; you'll find that there are a lot of people that are "somebody" back home. They're here because of anonymity, so you don't know anyone, you just think you do. Even if they introduce themselves with a name, you don't speculate on anything else, you don't guess. If for nothing else, if anyone ever asks, then you can truthfully say you never met anyone by that name."
With a grin, Steve leaned closer and said "So who is it that youthinkshe is?"
I didn't think, I knew. She didn't have her makeup on, but it was definitely her. I commonly turned the television news on every morning while I got dressed to find out what was happening in the world; what the weather was going to be like, although more often than not the so-called morning news was more often about some publicity seeking starlet who's boob popped out of her dress at the Emmy's or some asinine sports star that got beat to a pulp outside a strip bar at 2 in the morning. Most of that I just listened to in the background every morning but when the weather came on, I always stopped to look at the beautiful lady that told me to wear a raincoat or sunscreen. Young and beautiful, hot and sexy, she was one of the star draws for that TV station and they knew it. That hot sexy weather girl, that I'd often shaken my head in wonder at how gorgeous she was, was currently just fifteen feet away dressed in nothing but tight red panties and taking turns sucking cocks. "She's the..."
"You think! You think!" Steve interrupted.
"I think," I continued, "she looks an awful lot like the weather girl on our local television station."
"Oh My god, really?" Gloria said. I nodded, all three of them looking at me.
"A perfect example why you never speculate. If she were, can you imagine the repercussions if she was found out?
~
"Condoms are available in bowls at the bar and by every door, and remember, "no" means "no". Any complaints at any time and you're asked to leave and never come back. Stay safe and have fun," the woman who greeted us at the door had said with a smile.
Mary explained that they said it to everyone, but especially reiterated it to 'newbies' like us. Except for the size, from the outside the house could have been almost any house in any city, although here it was well out in the outskirts of town. From the inside, however, it was obvious this was no ordinary party. Mary had encouraged Gloria to wear a cocktail dress, braless, while she was wearing a dress. When we were asked at the door, "Can I take anything?" Mary had slipped her dress over her head, leaving her in a matching see-through thong and bra set that left most of her breasts exposed. Steve said he didn't want to check anything just yet, so I didn't either, and Gloria kept her dress on and my hand in that death grip.
The house was much larger than it appeared from the street. A wet bar was off to one side of the front room with a bartender mixing and serving drinks. The bar, arranged like a peninsula from the wall, separated the entry room from what appeared to be a family room beyond. Couches and chairs were arranged throughout most of the rooms with plenty of folding chairs discretely stacked in different locations. A few bar stools spread out along the bar. Visible through open back doors was a swimming pool, and although I didn't initially see anyone in the pool, the shimmering of the water said that someone was, or just had been, in. Groups of people, two's and three's and four's or more, were spread out around the large entry room. Some were standing, others sitting, some were talking -- and some were without a doubt, fucking. Some were totally clothed, although most were only partially dressed or wearing lingerie or sexy clothing, and some were totally nude.
Steve indicated that we should start at the bar and after we'd all gotten a drink, they started to show us around. "This is sort of a mixing room," Steve explained about the living room as we walked through it towards the back patio and pool area. "There really aren't any rules other than no means no -- but generally if people decide to do something, except for a little light play out here, they generally take it on back to other areas," he explained, motioning around the room. There were several groups spread around, some just talking, others doing perhaps a bit more. On one love seat there were two men sitting with women on their laps. One of the women was topless, leaning closely to the man whose lap she was sitting on, his hand fondling her bare breast. The other woman was sitting upright, her hand obviously in the crotch of the man she was sitting on. On another couch a man was sitting with his arms around two girls, obviously for the moment just talking. As we stepped by the bar, we immediately saw a nude man, previously unseen and hidden by the bar, sitting in a straight backed chair next to a table where a fully clothed woman was kneeling between his legs giving him head. "Of course, there are always exceptions," Mary said with a grin. There were a couple of foursomes standing around with drinks, talking, perhaps just getting to know each other -- I couldn't tell.
As we stepped outside, I could see that as I'd suspected there were several people in the pool. Over in the shallow end, two men and two women were sitting in the shallows, apparently naked, but also just talking at the moment. And, of course, the previously mentioned group of six in the spa.
Inside the house there were several other rooms in various stages of occupancy. One room had couches on either side of the room with a large bed in the middle, obviously designed for watching and being watched, but at the moment it was empty. A bathroom with a large walk-in shower and dual shower heads at opposite ends and stacks of towels was toward the back, and while I didn't think anything of it at first, in another location on a closed door a small sign with a picture of a toilet on it said "Gloria's Hole" although another adjacent door wasn't labeled.
It didn't take long to recognize that if someone was interested in playing, they just walked up and introduced themselves and asked if you were interested in joining them. Mary, in her semi-dressed state and luscious breasts was an obvious center of attention however Gloria and I also had a couple of polite inquiries. Although Gloria and I were definitely more relaxed by now than when we'd come in, there was still a bit of angst in the air.
When Mary said "I'm going to the restroom, do you want to come along?" Gloria immediately stood and joined her, together heading for the hallway.
"We'll wait for you on the patio out back," Steve said, a hand wave from Mary acknowledged that they'd heard as they walked off talking.
"What is it about women, when they go to the bathroom, they never go alone?" I said to Steve, just in conversation.
"Yeah, but it's not that she has to go to the bathroom, this time," Steve answered, a slight smirk on his face. When I looked back at him, puzzled, he said "Gloria's Hole?" I still didn't get it immediately and then it suddenly hit me. Gloria's Hole. Glory Hole. And I remembered the unmarked door immediately adjacent.
"Really?" I asked, "a Glory Hole?"
"Of course. You ought to know, Mary's loves sucking cock. Come to think of it, Mary just loves cock." He laughed.
"So she'll just suck a complete stranger?"
"Sometimes, not always. If there's someone there and she feels like it, she might. She'll always jerk them off, but won't necessarily suck them off. Even then she always uses a condom on strangers. But that goes both ways being a stranger -- the guy getting sucked doesn't know who's sucking him off either. Remember the two guy's with the girl we saw in that first room, where the black guy was sucking the other guy?" I did -- suddenly remembering that somewhere I'd read that in actual studies guys couldn't tell when they were getting sucked off whether the mouth doing the sucking belonged to a man or a woman unless they could see. Any perceived difference was in their mind only. "You never know with a glory hole -- the hot babe sucking you off might just have a dick."
The duo that had been in the pool had apparently moved to the spa, as there were now 8 in there. Or rather, there were now 6 in the spa, and two on the sides. One man and one woman were both sitting on the side of the spa, and in both cases they were receiving oral sex.
There were two new couples in the pool, all four cuddled together in the shallow end. If they were truly couples, it was hard to tell who was with whom.
Beyond the pool there were a couple of lounges where two men and a woman were to themselves. The woman was obviously fucking one of the men, riding him while he lay on his back on the lounge. The other man was just sitting to one side, watching, a beer or drink in one hand.
We slid into some high chairs around a table with an umbrella to wait for the girls to return. We weren't that far away from the wall behind us, but there was enough room for someone to walk by, or walk up behind us, as evidenced by the two hands that slid in on my shoulders, and down onto my chest. Expecting that it was Gloria or Mary I slid my hand over and squeezed the arm without looking, running my hand up towards her elbow as her fingers found and rubbed across my nipples. "So you found us," I said without looking back, just as my nose told me I didn't recognize the faint smell of this woman.
"Were you missing?" a sultry woman's voice almost whispered into my ear, "I'm so glad I found you if you were."
My head swiveled toward her, finding the sultry brunette in the slinky black dress from the bar just inches from my face. "Not that I was aware of," I laughed, "but it's always nice to meet new people."
"We saw you when you came in," she responded, her hand slipping up to cover mine, pulling it from her arm and onto her breast. "We thought you looked like you'd be fun to play with; that is, if you're interested."
Steve had advised us of what we might expect on the way from the hotel. "Have you ever been to a swing club?" he'd started. "Don't be surprised, almost anything goes," he'd continued when Gloria said definitely not and I indicated Debs and I had played with others a couple of times, but never at a club. "Everybody has their own little turn-on, and this allows people to explore their fetish or whatever. It's not all just pairing up and swapping, although that's quite common -- finding a couple that the two of you are attracted to and indulging. By far that's the most common, but like I said anything goes. I've seen men that like to watch their woman with other men, women that like to watch their man with another woman; women that get off on seeing their husband suck off another man. Some are into threesomes or more, some are just into watching or being watched. A lot of women are like Mary here, a swing club gives them an opportunity to play with other women, and admittedly sometimes men come to play with other men. The cardinal rule is just that "no" means no. If you meet someone and want to do something, just ask; if they ask and it's something you don't want to participate in, just say so. You'll find that everyone is more polite than you'll find at any other kind of party."
With that caveat in mind, I'd expected something to happen, but never in my wildest dreams would I have expected a good looking sexy woman that I'd never met to walk up, say hello, cuddle up to me and immediately move my hand to her breast. Apparently in a swingers club, it's perfectly permissible to fondle a stranger -- if they let you know that you can. The form fitting dress molded to her braless breast, her nipple hardened as I squeezed, my hand widening to hold a firm B cup tit in my palm.
Turning a bit more toward her, as I put my arm onto the back of the chair she slid around from behind me, pushing in against my leg, her hand rising to my shoulder. I let my hand drop from her breast back to her arm as she nuzzled in against me. "This is my husband, Tom," she said, nodding a bit over her shoulder to where he was, standing somewhat behind her. "And I'm Nancy," she finished, her hand dropping to my thigh, her fingertips running back and forth slowly on my leg.
"Glad to meet you Nancy," I said, "I'm Jim, and this is Steve." Steve had already put his hand out to Tom to shake his hand and I followed suit seconds later. "Care to join us?" I said, indicating the third stool while looking around to see if another was available.
"Let me see if I can find another chair," Steve said, rising from his own chair and indicating the other side of the table where a third chair sat unused.
"Oh, don't bother, I'm fine," Nancy answered, "I don't need to sit on a chair when there are lots of happy laps available."
Tom slid the third chair out and set a beer onto the table. "Besides, it's easier for her to have fun when she's sitting in your laps."
Steve picked right up on his wording."For herto have fun?" he repeated.
"Well, for you guysand her," he repeated changing his words slightly. "Say, where'd your ladies go?"
"Off to Gloria's Hole," Steve said, "probably having their own fun right now."
"What do you think, Nancy?" Tom asked turning to Nancy, nodding his head toward the inside with a grin. "Shall I go in and visit Gloria's Hole?"
"Not if you value your life," she answered, twisting just a little more and backing up so her bottom came in contact with my hand. There was no doubt in my mind that it wasn't accidental, but I carefully avoided moving my hand much, uncertain where this was going. It appeared to be a little touchy-feely out in the open, but from people that we'd never met or seen before, I was a bit wary. I thought about her denial of his suggestion; it was both laughing -- and firm. She wasn't kidding.
"So, she gets to play and you don't?" Steve asked, hitting right to the core of the exact question running through my mind.
"Eh, what can I say," he answered with a shrug of his shoulders. "It works for us." He glanced down to where my hand was near Nancy's bottom, and then up to my face. "Go ahead, she loves having her bottom played with as much as her tits." He leaned forward, picking up his beer and taking a swig. "Seriously," he said, looking back at me again, "go ahead, feel her bottom."
And so I did. Opening my hand and sliding it forward, I found the silky cloth of her dress, pulled tight against the silky skin of her bottom. The dress fit like a second skin -- it was obvious to my touch that there was nothing underneath, at least not on her cheeks. A thong was still a possibility, and although Tom was indicating that I should go ahead and fondle his wife, I still held back slightly -- the tarnished gentleman, at least for the moment.
With my hand now on her ass, Nancy turned her body, leaning more against me and again I slid my other hand from her arm to her breast. She lifted her right leg, barefoot now - leaving her shoe on the ground, and put it against Steve's leg. Steve hand slid up onto her calf and began gently stroking. Starting near her ankle, he moved up a bit and then back down, moving a little higher with each stroke. I watched as he slid his hand right up past her knee and onto her inner thigh, Nancy didn't flinch at all. From where he was sitting I suspected he had a pretty good view between her legs, but what he was seeing I didn't know.
"Nancy makes the decisions on whom we play with," Tom said, his hand on his beer, watching Nancy offering herself to us. "If she likes you, we stay for a while, if not we'll move on. We don't fuck, but otherwise you can play any way you want. The dress stays on, but she loves having men's hands and mouths on her body."
"And you play too?" I asked, running my hand up and down on the smoothness of her bottom, finally reaching down onto her leg and then back up again.
"I just like to watch. When she's on fire I take her home and we have our own fun."
Nancy moved away but turned into my lap and twisted her upper body sideways. Leaning into me with a smile, her mouth came up to my cheek, her breath whistling in my ear as she kissed my earlobe, sucking it in. "And that, in case you didn't figure it out," Tom said, "is an indication that she does like you."
Settling back into me like she was, my right arm was now almost pinned behind her, my hand resting right at her bottom. I extended my fingers, running them over her butt crack, not finding any telltale sign of any underwear. Steve in the meantime reached down and picked up Nancy's other leg, pulling them both into his lap, his hands stroking further up her legs each time. Unexpectedly he leaned forward, sliding off the chair and dropping to his knees, sliding her legs over his shoulders as he did. His hands now pushed up between her legs, pushing the dress back and out of the way, revealing that as I'd suspected, she was totally naked under the dress. He glanced up at Nancy's face; apparently receiving an approval as he immediately leaned forward putting his face in her pussy.
Nancy's "ummm" of approval was all that was said as Steve began tonguing her pussy. My upper hand had been slowly stroking up and down her arm, across her bare shoulder and down across her upper breast, down across the cloth and her erect nipple, and then back around again. Now her hand came over and gripped my arm, pulling my hand to her breast, once again, putting it where she wanted. This time, with her leaning back against me, I reached up with my other hand also; two hands full of delectable breasts, hard nubs of nipples tickling my palms.
At first squeezing and fondling her breasts, I slid my hands underneath, hefting them in my hands, and then up above onto her bare chest and breast above. Slipping my fingers underneath the spaghetti straps, Tom's warning of "the dress stays on" popped into my mind. His nod when I glanced at him seemed to be indicating that he was reading my mind and approving. Neither of them had said no, so I pushed the straps sideways, off her shoulders, and slid my hands along her bare flesh, under the top of her dress, baring her breasts to our eyes and my hands.
"Hasn't she got some great tits?" Tom said, just leaning on the table watching the three of us. "Work her nipples - that really gets her going." I did as he instructed, but wasn't sure whether the slight shudder through her body was due to my pinching and tweaking, or to Steve working magic with his tongue. Nancy leaned back against my chest, turning her face to mine. When I turned mine to hers, her hand came up to my head and pulled me to her. Our lips met, her tongue penetrating my mouth, and I responded in kind. The way she sucked my tongue I knew she was rapidly approaching orgasm, the little twitches and coos of pleasure accenting the stiffening of her body until suddenly she convulsed, her entire body writhing in orgasm, her lower hand reaching down to rest on top of Steve's head -- telling him to stop.
"That was really nice," Nancy said a few moments later when her body had begun to relax and pulled away from our kiss. "You're a really great kisser," she said, which I interpreted as being aimed at me.
"Thank you," Steve responded with a grin, purposely misinterpreting her statement as applying to him. "And you've got a really sweet pussy which makes it easy to kiss."
Nancy and Tom both giggled at that. "You've got a wonderful tongue too, but I was talking about this one," she said, reaching up to pat my cheek with her hand. "Most guys kiss, but there's very few that are really great at it." She pulled her legs from Steve's lap and stood up. Turning, she put her arms around me, gave me what turned out to be almost a chaste "thank you" kiss and hug and said "thank you, you were just what I needed." Pulling back she turned around to Steve and did the same. I noticed the shiny wetness around Steve's mouth from his saliva and her pussy juices just before she kissed him. "That was really fun guys, thanks!" she said seconds later as she pulled back from Steve and walked around the table to where Tom was standing up.
Taking her hand, Tom glanced over at us, nodded (which I interpreted as a "thank you") and they walked away. I watched them step toward the door and inside again before turning back to see Steve, just setting his drink back down after taking a swig. "Did we really have a sexy young thing that we've never met before walk up to us and have us feel her up and eat her pussy while her husband watched?"
"I don't know as they were married, I didn't see any rings."
"I didn't even notice."
"So what can I say -- No Strings Attached, it is what it is."
"You didn't even hesitate to dive between her legs. I wasn't quite sure whether she was for real or not, but you just went for it."
"Yeah, when she put her foot up in my lap I could see right between her legs. With her naked pussy, I knew exactly what she wanted and figured "what the hell". As soon as I started stroking her legs I knew it wasn't enough. She sure came like a banshee though -- didn't she?" I just nodded.
"What's with Tom? No fucking but anything else goes?"
"Some guys like to watch their ladies with other men. What can I say? To each their own."
Neither of us said anything more for a few moments, both of us finishing our beers. In the pool and spa it was obvious to me that partners had been switched, although I couldn't tell who had moved where. Another couple came out from inside, glanced at us, and moved over to the pool. When I finished my beer, I nodded at the house. "Where do you suppose the girls are?"
"Distracted somewhere." He lifted his beer and polished it off. "Shall we go find them?"
"Gloria's Hole?" I asked.
"Maybe, who knows? But I'll guarantee that with Mary, they're having fun."
The door to Gloria's Hole was open when we got there, but it turned out the girls weren't far away. Continuing down the hall, I glanced in at my weathergirl, and did a double take. Whereas before she'd been on the bed with three men and her bright red panties on, now she was totally naked. Two of the guys that had been there before were standing beside the bed slowly stroking their cocks, but on the bed with her, also totally naked, were Gloria and Mary.
Mary was kneeling beside the woman, one breast in her mouth, her hand on the other. Gloria however was on her hands and knees between the woman's legs eating her pussy, her own naked pussy displayed for anyone walking by, like us. I just stopped and looked for a moment, enjoying my sexy lady enjoying herself, and then stepped forward into the room, reaching out one hand to touch her naked bottom. "BACK OFF, JACK" she snapped as my hand touched her, coming up from her partner's pussy to spin and look at who'd touched her. "WE SAID...Oh, Hi baby!" she said seeing that it was me.
"Having fun?" She turned and reached up for a hug. She gave me a happy grin, and I bent over to kiss her. The unmistakable taste of pussy was on her lips, but obviously different pussy than any I'd ever tasted before. Steve had stepped up beside Mary who also pulled away from the naked beauty momentarily to greet him.
"Sorry boys, you'll have to give us a bit," Mary said, "we have found ourselves a playmate for a while. Why don't you guys get naked in the meantime?"
I looked at Steve who just shrugged and stepped over to the wall and began removing his shoes. I glanced around; the two guys that were standing there apparently got the idea that they were now persona non grata and drifted out toward the door and disappeared. Glancing back, Steve was already pulling his shirt off, so I followed suit.
"Hey Baby," Mary said to Steve when he stepped forward again, resting his hand on her bare ass. "This is Melissa, she likes cock but she really likes girls."
Aha, I thought,so that's what she's calling herself.
"So I gathered," he said, and reaching down grabbed Melissa's hand. Whether she hadn't been paying attention or whether she'd been ignoring to this point, she suddenly pulled away from Mary's breasts and looked up at Steve. Taking her hand he bent down and kissed the back of it. "Any friend of my wife's is a friend of mine. Is she treating you well?"
She glanced at me as I'd just finished getting undressed, but then back at Steve. "My goodness, a guy that doesn't just assume he can grab a handful and a gentleman to boot."
"So I heard before -- you'll pop your panties for the right woman but you don't fuck, apparently you just like to suck?" Steve said with a grin on his face.
She didn't answer immediately, glancing at me. "He's with you?"
"Yeah, this is my husband Steve," Mary said, "and this is my boyfriend Jim," Gloria finished.
"Is it OK if we join you?" I asked politely. "We can just watch if you'd rather."
"It's OK with me," Gloria piped up, but its Melissa's party room. "Melissa?"
She glanced back and forth before answering, giving a quick bob of her head when she did. "Yeah, I guess. Give me a while and I'll suck you guys too, I've been sucking cocks all night long so it was finally nice to have some ladies join me. I won't fuck you though." She nodded to the doorway. "Why don't you push the door shut, we don't need anyone else joining us right now.
It might be easier to say what we didn't do than what the five of us did for the next hour or so. Melissa definitely had her desires, of which eating and being eaten by a woman appeared to be top of the list. Melissa had been on her back with Gloria between her legs when we got there, but the pleasuring was mutual. We got Mary on her back with Gloria sitting on her face and Melissa standing; later on Gloria was the one on her back with both Mary and Melissa sucking cocks while taking turns getting eaten by Gloria. Gloria and Melissa seemed to be two peas in a pod -- neither could seem to get enough pussy to eat. Steve and I got our share of pussy too, with three women and 2 hard cocks it didn't take long and Steve and I had both cum once; and with three willing pussies and five willing mouths -- the ladies all had multiple orgasms to match. The finale for me was with Gloria once again on her hands and knees, this time between Mary's legs and my cock buried inside her from behind. Melissa was sitting on Mary's face and sucking off Steve at the same time. Just like with the other guys earlier, she'd tried to practice safe sex, and although she'd sucked us both at different times, she'd made us wear condoms when she did even though Mary and Gloria didn't.
Spent and worn out, I found myself hot and sweaty and collapsed onto the bed. With a sigh, Gloria rolled over and snuggled back to spoon with me, I draped my hand over her side, and we just watched the other three, obviously also ready for a break.
"Oh my god, you guys were fantastic!" Melissa said a bit later, once again sprawled on her back, in the middle of the bed. "I like playing with couples so much more than just sucking cocks. That's fun, but I like getting something out of it too." She rolled onto her side, propping her head with her hand and looked at Gloria and me. "You guys came together?"
I shook my head, no. 'Well, we came here, to this party together, but to Las Vegas, no. We just happened to meet them here, and Steve and Mary asked us along. We knew them from before; we played with them in Palm Springs last year, but met here just by chance. Gloria's from Dallas, Steve and Mary are from Northern California, near Redding?" I stated, receiving a confirming nod from Steve, "and I'm from near San Diego." I remembered what Steve and Mary had said, but it didn't seem right thatI knew,and Melissa didn't have a clue that I knew.
We lay there coming down from our sexual highs for several minutes, quietly talking and as we relaxed could have fallen asleep. Someone opened the door to look in, Melissa said "Give us a few; we're leaving in a minute." I heard several male and female voices realized we were probably hogging the room. A decision was made to go back to the hotel and shower for us, although Melissa said that she'd probably stay around for a while, perhaps play some more if she could find another nice couple or some women.
"I've gotta admit, Melissa," I said as we gathered our clothes and got dressed. "You were certainly a fun and memorable partier. Just think, I'll probably get a hard-on every morning just hearing someone say "Late night and early morning fog and low clouds." Melissa stopped moving, looking right at me her eyes large in horror. "There's this, um, woman, in San Diego that looks a lot like you, that does weather reports, but I've never met her. I watch her every morning, and perhaps someday, somewhere else, I'll really meet her. But of course I could never even mention to her or anyone else that I met someone named Melissa that looked very much like her. As they say, I guess what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Right?" I looked right at her the whole time I was talking, "It just didn't seem right that I could think what a strong resemblance to this other woman that you have without telling you about it, but nobody else will ever know that I thought so-- at least not from me." I paused, and then reached out for her hand. "Gentlemenneverkiss and tell," and kissed the back of her hand. "Ready guys?" I asked, stepping to the door.
~
"I've got the wine tonight," I said as we were climbing into the elevator back at the hotel. "You guys want to come join us at our place?" I glanced at Gloria; she understood exactly that the invitation with Steve and Mary was for more than just wine. But since we'd just spent the evening in sex play, this almost seemed expected. They readily accepted, and moments later we were back in the room.
The one bedroom suite we'd booked had a small couch big enough for two, as well as a large easy chair, a wet bar and TV. Although it was designated a suite, the room wasn't really laid out where you would ordinarily want to stay in your room. Being Vegas, this made sense -- they wanted you spending money at the craps tables, not lounging around in your suite watching TV.
"If you guys don't mind, I'm going to jump in the shower really quick," Gloria said as I started to open the wine.
"Go for it," I responded, "We're not going anywhere."
"Actually a shower sounds good, " Mary said a few minutes later as I handed out glasses of wine, the sound of the running water in the other room indicating that Gloria was already in the shower. Glancing around with a mischievous look on her face she added, "Do you think she'd mind if I join her?"
It was a question, although in reality it was only rhetorical. I didn't need to answer, she already knew.
The shower went on for much longer than it needed, but finally came to an end. Steve and I heard some talking and laughing and giggling from the other room, but really weren't paying too much attention. We'd turned on the TV and were watching Sportscenter on ESPN when Gloria called out 'Hey! Are you guys going to stay out there all night or what?"
Gloria and Mary were both on the large King Size bed, lying next to each other and smiling at us when we walked in. "You better get busy and get your showers or we're starting without you," Mary said and with that leaned over and kissed Gloria.
Both girls had gotten "dressed", but nothing designed for modesty, just sexy little nothings of Gloria's. Mary had on a shear baby doll top, which with her big girls was really too small for her, but it showed off her breasts nicely. A white see-through thong was on underneath, but she was otherwise naked. Gloria had her black shelf bra holding her otherwise bare breasts and a matching black thong, both of the girls were nicely dressed to entice. Mary's hand went to Gloria's bare breast as I watched, Gloria's body melted into her grasp. "I'll go first," I said, pulling my shirt off as I headed for the shower.
I was out and naked in just minutes, not having bothered to put anything back on, finding that Steve had joined the fun in the meantime. Gloria and Mary were still kissing, Mary's hands all over Gloria's breasts, but Gloria's hand was inside Mary's thong. Gloria's thong was now completely off lying beside her on the bed as Steve, kneeling on the floor at the end, had his face buried in her pussy. "Your turn, Steve," I said, tapping him on the shoulder. "Do I get to take over?"
Steve practically jumped up and headed for the shower. "I'm not sure," he answered, "they seem to be directing traffic." Neither said anything, so I crawled between Gloria's legs. She opened herself for me and once again I began feasting on her sweet nectar. Keeping my eyes upward, I watched as Gloria withdrew her fingers from Mary's panties and stuck them in her mouth. Her hand returned moments later, and when she pulled them out again she offered her fingers to Mary who readily sucked them, and her own juices, into her own mouth. I think Gloria said something to Mary that I couldn't hear, and moments later Mary started shifting on the bed. She hooked her panties and slid them off, and then moved up so her pussy was right by Gloria's face. We both shifted and moments later Gloria was licking and sucking Mary's pussy while I was doing the same to hers.
Gloria had been worked up quite well by Steve and Mary before I got there, so it wasn't long before I could tell that she was about to cum. Steve got back from the shower and climbed up on the bed beside Gloria, leaning in to lick and suck her nipples, taking over the duties that Mary had relinquished when she moved up for Gloria to lick her pussy. Sucking on her nipples was the final straw, Gloria began quivering in orgasm. I kept it up until she pushed both Steve and myself away, only to have her roll away from Mary and put her arms out for me. I crawled up beside her and her arms went around me, pulling my face to hers. I kissed her, the salty taste of Mary's pussy on her lips, her arm reaching down between us to grip my cock. She squeezed my cock, just holding it for a moment before she pulled away from our kiss. "Do you want me to put the condom on or Mary?"
"Umm, tempting, "I answered. "Does she know?
"Mary? Do you know that I'm going to put a condom on Jim and we're going to fuck you now?"
"Umm, I didn't, but it's about damn time!" she answered. I pointed at the bedside table and Steve, who'd just rolled to the side watching, reached over and pulled the drawer open, tossing me the foil packet. Gloria tore open the foil, and then had me get on my knees where she leaned in, sucked me into her mouth momentarily, and then began to unroll the raincoat onto my cock.
It was as if Mary sensed exactly what Gloria wanted. Gloria leaned back in and tongued Mary's clit and pussy once more before pulling back and trying to guide me into place. Rather than laying back where we would have been in a missionary, instead Mary rolled up onto her side so her body was perpendicular to mine. When her upper leg came against my body, I caught it with my arm and lifted it out of the way. With Gloria guiding my cock into place, I had to move slowly, waiting for Gloria to move out of the way as much as anything. My cock, Mary's pussy and Gloria's face all came together. I felt the warmth of Mary's pussy engulf me as I slowly pushed in.
"Oh yes," Gloria said as she watched from up close. Her hand reached over and caressed Mary's clit and mound as my cock filled her. "That is so hot!" She leaned in again, trying to get her tongue involved in the action. I stopped my motions and pulled out a bit and that was enough for Gloria to tongue Mary's clit once more.
Gloria was now on her hands and knees, her bottom, whether she knew it or not, pointed at Steve. I indicated that he should get a condom out also, which he did. I waited until he was almost finished before I said, "Gloria, Steve's ready to fuck you too, but you need to tell him it's OK." She didn't say anything, but I knew she'd heard. "Gloria, is that what you want? Steve fucking you while I'm fucking Mary?"
Finally her head nodded, a quiet "Yes," coming out of her mouth, and I nodded again at Steve that it was Ok.
"Oh my god, oh my god." Gloria said as Steve began to slide into her, doggie style. "I can't believe I'm doing this, it's so perverted, and with that drove her face once against into the combined crotches of Mary and me.
Mary hadn't said much, just made it easier for Gloria to pleasure her at the same time I did, now seemed as interested in seeing Steve fucking Gloria as anything. "Yeah baby, just like you dreamed of, huh? Isn't that sweet pussy just as tight as I told you it would be?" Whether he thought so or not, I knew the memory for Gloria would be on the top of her mind forever after.
We played the night away in various configurations of two's and threes and fours, but this night was mostly of swapped partners; Steve and Gloria along with Mary and me. It was way into the early morning hours before we all started falling asleep, all four of us on the bed. I was nearly asleep in a post-coital cuddle with Mary when she eased off the bed and went around to the far side. In all of our play we'd never once pulled the covers down. Now with Mary's prodding we did, ending up with Gloria and I cuddled together and Mary and Steve cuddled together. There was actually plenty of room and we were well past breakfast before anyone woke.
Being Steve and Mary's last day they had to check out so didn't dawdle, leaving to go to their room almost immediately. Gloria and I had another day and a show yet to see, so we just had to get up and dressed. We agreed to meet Steve and Mary for lunch at 11:30 which would just give them time to get to the airport for their flight. As we were walking out front to see them off, Mary said something to Steve that I didn't catch.
"Say Jim," Steve said as we shook hands, their bags being loaded into the back of the taxi, "Have you ever been to Fantasy Fest?"
"I can't say as I've ever heard of it," I responded. "Where is it?"
"Key West. Every Halloween; sort of an adult Halloween party." I shook my head.
"What about it?"
"We've gone three straight years, and we have hotel reservations this year -- but we've got something coming up that we can't go this year even though we've got a reservation. It's almost impossible to get hotel reservations, it always sells out, so if you're interested and can take the time, I know you'd love it. We'd love you to have the room, just so we can rebook for next year." I was non-committal, not knowing my future plans but he told me to check it out, and if I was interested the room was ours.
The rest of our Las Vegas stay, with the exception of Cirque du Soleil's ultra-sexy Zoomanity and dinner that night was nothing special. I'd booked a sunset dinner reservation at a restaurant with a view overlooking Las Vegas which turned out better and more romantic than I had a right to expect. Zoomanity was just as expected, ending with slow love making back in our room later. I told Gloria we'd want to get up and out early the next day and, compared to the previous few days, we basically just went to bed.
~