AUTHOR'S NOTE: Reading the previous chapters is mandatory to understand the setting and characters.
SUMMARY: A shy and socially awkward virgin's journey to becoming a sex instructor on campus. The reason why girls wanted to have sex with him was weird. It wasn't because he was hot or had a big cock. It all began with a random request from his high school crush...
All characters are eighteen and above.
Note to reader: I've previously mentioned "La Pute" in Chapter 3. But I've decided to retcon (retrospectively revised) to reintroduce La Pute again in this chapter since I've not talked about it since. If you can't remember what La Pute is, it's all good. I'll explain it in this chapter.
----
Chapter 7: The Taco Affair
----
I watched Ezra take a wad of tissue and wipe it between her thighs, causing a thrill to rise in me, knowing the naked Ezra was wiping my leaking cum out of her because I had come inside her three times.
To think that my day was not over yet! A foursome and anal sex with my three favorite girls were planned for later in the day.
Then I was abruptly slapped by guilt and anxiety. I had forgotten about the number one cardinal rule of having sex: always make sure the girl is protected.
My high school had one of the highest teenage pregnancy rates in the country. There were at least two or three girls who got pregnant every year. It was so common that it wasn't considered a scandal when a student got pregnant. It was a culture that accepted that the students were having sex often. Accidents like getting pregnant and STDs happened. Those who got pregnant were not slut-shamed or bullied.
On the contrary, they were pitied, consoled, and supported. Instead, the boys who were responsible were criticized and blamed for not using protection. After one such pregnancy was reported, Lisa and Denise randomly turned to me when we were sitting in the cafeteria and said, "Always make sure the girl is protected before you stick your dick inside." It was a lesson I always tried to remember even though I wasn't having sex in high school.
My high school was right smack between two diametrically opposed areas. On one side, where Denise and Tony had lived, were the ultra-liberal and feminist-loving residents, largely thanks to Mrs. Kelton's efforts. It was the zip code of upper-class, affluent families.
On the other side, where Lisa and I had lived, was where the right-wing conservative middle class stayed. It was where anyone caught engaging in premarital sex should be burned at the stake if executions were legal. I once asked Mrs. Kelton why she chose to live on our side of town. Her reply was there was no point in converting people who were already converted. Needless to say, the Kelton family was not popular in our conservative area.
Unfortunately for my parents, with the wealthy progressive controlling the school board, their liberal policies governed the school. Conservative parents like mine condemned the lack of a strict dress code. Short skirts, plunging necklines, and transparent fabrics were the norm. Lots of bare skin was showing everywhere. Kissing, petting, and PDA were commonly seen.
Whenever unhappy parents complained about the students' dressings and behaviors, liberal parents like Mrs. Kelton would argue that instituting and enforcing a strict dress code would violate the students' constitutional right to freedom of expression. Rather than enforcing PDA rules and/or a dress code, Mrs. Kelton championed easier access to birth control and better sex education.
However, the school board eventually compromised when a debacle made the front page news. It all started when a group of girls decided to challenge each other to see who could wear the most provocative and risque attire. For some time, walking around the school was like walking into the initial scene of a porn video titled "High School Sex Party." See-through tube tops so sheer that they might as well not be wearing them, bright-colored thongs that sat high on their hips and above their mini-shorts or skirts for all to see, mini-skirts so short that the teachers could see what they were wearing underneath. The final straw that broke the camel's proverbial back came when girls started wearing unbuttoned shirts with their bras exposed for all to see.
Teenage boys loved the free show, but the teachers complained that it had reached the point where it was impossible to look at the female students without being liable for sexual harassment, but what eventually got the school to instill some sort of dress code was when it was impossible for teachers to teach properly.
The Conservatives argued that when the teachers couldn't be effective in their jobs, they were robbing students of the right to education. Denise told me her father said that, technically, the Constitution only requires that all kids be given equal educational opportunity no matter their race, ethnic background, religion, or sex, or whether they are rich or poor, citizen or non-citizen. So the Constitution was not violated in this case, though an argument could be made about public indecency. Liberals being liberals, however, decided that the teachers had a point. If the teachers couldn't teach properly, the students were not learning. So the school board instituted a vague dress code that students' dressing must not "violate public decency" without specifying exactly what was considered a violation. By then, the group of girls who started the challenge was also getting bored of it, so they decided to drop the whole thing.
My parents would have moved away long ago if not for my father's job as an urban planning engineer. My father's moral code and a strong sense of professional responsibility meant he disliked abandoning projects, even if they took decades to complete.
They had wanted me to transfer to a more conservative high school that was in line with their beliefs, but gradually, they became more accepting as they witnessed the progress in my social development. Finally, I had friends for the first time in my life, even though my friends were not considered ideal.
My parents both loved and hated that I was friends with Lisa. They loved that Lisa had helped me grow socially but hated everything Mrs. Kelton stood for. However, like most adults, they loved Tony. Tony could schmooze any parent as quickly as he could charm girls' panties off.
When I first started attending high school, my parents were worried that I didn't have friends. No, Lisa didn't count. No, the Keltons were a bad influence. No, Lisa was not considered a good friend, but Lisa took these in her strides. Her family was used to it. Eventually, Lisa won them over when they found out how Lisa and Tony got together and how much Lisa was helping me to be more sociable.
After hearing their incessant nagging, I began telling them all about Tony. I wasn't the kind that talked to my parents about my friends, and they didn't ask about it because they thought I didn't have any. So when I started telling them about Tony when I was a junior, they didn't believe I had a popular friend like Tony -- a person who was everything I wasn't. A person who they wished I was. So they insisted on inviting Tony over for Sunday tea. My parents enjoyed hosting guests on Sunday after church, with my mother baking her delicious apple pies. I grudgingly agreed just to show them I didn't have an imaginary friend named Tony. It was easier for me for my parents to believe I had an imaginary friend named Tony.
I was nervous the first time I invited Tony over. My house was like a shack in the woods compared to Tony's mansion, but Tony paid no mind to that. By the end of the first meeting with my parents, Tony had somehow convinced them he would rather stay in our shack than his mansion. He praised my parents and our home often. His praises might sound like nothing more than flattery, but they were specific and sincere enough to be believable.
"Ken never mentions how lovely your house feels. Where did you buy that lamp? It makes the living room feel so homey."
"How did you grow these orchids? My mother could never keep plants alive to save her life."
"Too bad I have dinner at home. The food smells amazing! Where did you learn to cook like that?"
"What salon did you use? I love how your hairstyle frames your face and accentuates your lips. My mother always complains that her stylist always has the talent of making her face look puffy."
"Ken told me you played tennis in college. My parents tried to force me to learn tennis when I was eight. Eventually, they gave up after I couldn't master the backhand technique."
(The last one was a lie, of course. Tony excelled in every sport.)
Fifteen-year-old Tony wasn't as smooth as he was now, though he made up for it with genuine enthusiasm. The trick to giving great compliments, I observed from Tony, was to show interest by asking deeper follow-up questions. Instead of simply saying, "This apple pie is delicious," Tony would go one step further and ask, "What's your secret?"
The conversation flowed easily, with Tony setting the pace and topic effortlessly. My parents had prepared a list of questions they wanted to ask Tony to ensure he wasn't a bad influence on me, but they ended up spending most of the time answering Tony's curious questions.
That day, I also learned things about my parents that I never knew before. For instance, I knew my mother loved gardening from the number of plants we had inside and outside the house. Still, I didn't think she was proud of her gardening knowledge. Tony spent more than thirty minutes just discussing orchids with her. I learned then that orchids were among the most challenging plants to grow. Orchids were susceptible to root rot, which happened easily when the soil was too moist. My mother eventually shared her secret through repeated coaxing: adding three ice cubes once a week was enough.
People would describe my parents as courteous, amicable, and humble. The last trait was something they wore silently like a badge of honor. To ensure my father wasn't neglected, Tony also spent enough time asking him about urban planning.
While they were not the talkative type, they were effective conversationalists. They knew how to be engaging in conversation, a skill they struggled to teach me as I was growing up. They seldom talked about what they were good at or were interested in because talking about themselves was considered rude. Urban planning was a topic my father had a great interest in but seldom talked about because he thought most people would find it boring. But not Tony. Tony listened to my father's lecture and asked insightful questions like a teacher's pet.
When I told Tony he had charmed my judgmental parents with flying colors the next day, he merely shrugged. Easy peasy, he said. His parents were "influential members of society," he grimaced, adding the air quotes. Growing up, he spent most weeknights attending social functions. Even at a young age, he learned how to talk to adults, read social cues and appear interested enough to impress others. It was expected of him and his siblings.
The thing about Tony was he was always likable enough, even though he seldom cared what others thought of him. Yet, he seemed to have made an extra effort to get my parents to like him as though they were his prospective parents-in-law. I was touched when I realized he did all this for my benefit.
When I jokingly asked Tony how he managed to come up on the spot with such nice things to say, he replied that he was just being truthful. "If you pay attention, you can always find nice things to say about others without having to lie."
----
I continued to stare between her legs as Ezra switched the dry tissue with wet wipes. Ezra tilted her head toward me and caught me looking. "Were you hoping to watch your cum leaking out of me?" She grinned. "Denise hadn't mentioned you had that kink."
"Erm... actually... I..."
Ezra's face turned into a half-frown. "What's wrong?"
"Um, you're on birth control, right?" I asked meekly.
Ezra's expression suddenly turned serious. "You know, you should've asked before shooting inside me. No matter how wet the girl is for you, it's always best practice to check."
Her suddenly stern voice took me by surprise and sent my anxiety racing. I blurted out quickly, "Sorry, I—"
"I was just teasing you, Ken," Ezra chuckled with a teasing smile. "My mother put us on pills when we started high school."
"Mrs. Kelton was fine with you three having sex in high school?" I asked though I knew it was a somewhat moot question.
"You know, my mother is always complaining that you calling her Mrs. Kelton makes her sound old," Ezra grinned. Despite Mrs. Kelton's repeated attempts to get me to call her "Ana," I never got used to that, thanks to my parents. My parents always preached that children should address their elders with proper respect. However, even if they weren't strict about that, they wouldn't allow me to call Mrs. Kelton by her first name. To them, Mrs. Kelton was the personification of evil. They frequently complained about, "Mrs. Kelton this, Mrs. Kelton that," as if not using her first name was a deliberate effort not to humanize her. So to me, Lisa's mother was always "Mrs. Kelton."
"To answer your question," Ezra said, "as a sexual libertine, she's a strong advocate of sexual experimentation and exploration, as long as consent, communication, and comfort are emphasized. She made it a point to make sure we were well-educated and protected. Yet, even if we were not having sex, pills are useful for preventing or limiting menstruation. No more messy periods."
I wondered how Mrs. Kelton handled "the talk" with her daughters. My parents never had it with me because premarital sex was forbidden. Even if it wasn't, they probably didn't expect me to be having sex. They would probably be satisfied to know I could talk to girls without flinching. This also made me realize how far I had improved just from just a few months ago.
When I asked Ezra how Mrs. Kelton had educated them on sex, she said, "It started with the basics like reproduction and sex, the kind of stuff in sex ed. Then on to communication, consent, progress only when you feel comfortable, learn to say 'no,' and avoid putting yourself in risky situations. Once we reached the age where we started becoming curious about sex, she would teach us the actual mechanics of it. That way, we would know what we were doing once we start becoming sexually active."
"How did she teach the mechanics of sex?" I asked, fascinated.
"She would show us different kinds of porn to illustrate what makes good sex and what's not. She also bought us sex toys like vibrators and dildos to use," Ezra explained. Then she chuckled and said, "I still vividly remember her asking me to practice putting on a condom until I could do it easily."
I laughed. I could definitely picture Ezra's mother doing that in my mind. Showing her daughters pornography might have invited attention from social services. Still, I guessed if teenagers were already exposed to porn, teaching them how porn differed from reality might be useful.
"Don't you think introducing sex to children at a young age might actually encourage them to have it?" I asked.
"Well, the thing about growing up with my mother is we were exposed to conversations about sex even at a young age. It was a frequent mealtime topic, but to answer your question, my parents only explore the topic of sex individually with us at the pace we're comfortable with, only when we start becoming curious about it. By sex, I also mean other aspects like intimacy, relationship, willingness to talk openly with a partner, etcetera. All else being equal, I think it's always better to keep people informed, educated, and prepared than fumbling around in ignorance. It was also nice to know that I could always approach my parents whenever I want to talk about it."
I could never imagine having a conversation about sex with my parents, even after I turned eighteen. With sex being such a big part of our lives, it made sense for their mother to ensure her daughters were well prepared. Hearing Ezra explain also made me understand her motivation to teach and help others regarding sex and intimacy.
Sigh. I frequently wondered how I would turn out if I had Mrs. Kelton as a mother. Mrs. Kelton always treated me lovingly and kindly, even when she knew my mother hated her. At times, it seemed like Mrs. Kelton even treated me more like a real mother would, always making a point to hug me whenever she saw me and ask me about my day. Whenever I flinched from her hugs and Lisa complained about it, Mrs. Kelton would respond, "Ken just needs more practice."
After Ezra had finished cleaning herself, she turned and pulled me in for another kiss. I was slightly surprised by her enthusiastic kiss after cooling down from sex. It was the kind of kiss that both told me she had enjoyed being intimate with me and also wanted more. A kiss that was full of promises. I felt appreciated and desired.
"Hmmm," she pulled back with a smile. "Shall we head out?"
"I don't think the girls are awake yet," I replied. I was reasonably sure Lisa and Denise would enter my room if they knew I was having sex with Ezra. Right now, I would be content to spend more time alone with her in bed. Sexually, emotionally and intellectually, she fascinated me so much. I couldn't get enough of her. I placed my hand on her naked butt, squeezed it, and pulled her in to kiss again, communicating my feelings with my mouth.
Ezra opened her mouth to accept my kiss for a few moments before she broke away again and grinned. "We can continue more after lunch," she said with a chuckle, "and besides, I need to prepare for later."
"Prepare for what?" I asked.
"The butt stuff." She smiled.
"Oh," I replied, giving her butt another squeeze. "Erm, are there a lot of things to prepare?"
"Usually not a lot, besides making sure the butt is clean, but Lisa has a surprise planned for you."
"What's that?" I asked. I hated surprises. They always left me feeling anxious rather than excited.
"The purpose of the surprise is not for you to know in advance," Ezra said in a teacher-like voice. "But don't worry, I'm sure you will like it." She placed her palm on my chest to reassure me.
Then she surprised me again by pushing my body flat against the bed and rolling her naked self on top of me. I was starting to get excited for a moment, but she rolled again to the opposite side, lifted herself off the bed, and stood up.
She raised her hand, palm opened, and gestured for me to get up as well. I was disappointed by her maneuver but gave a chuckle at her cheekiness.
I accepted her hand and got up. Holding hands, she led me toward the door. Even after coming three times, I kept glancing down between her legs as I followed her from behind.
Just before she grabbed the doorknob, I suddenly had a realization, and I held her back.
"What's wrong?" Ezra turned to me and asked.
"Uh, we're still naked. My boxers are in the living room."
Ezra chuckled. "I left my panties there, too. Shall we walk out naked together?"
I managed to withhold my knee-jerk reaction of immediately saying no, and paused. Usually, I'd shudder at the thought of walking out of my room fully naked with my cock exposed. Exhibitionism was at the bottom of my kink list. Or maybe I was just scared.
But as I looked at Ezra' wearing nothing but a small smile, the thought of walking out hand-in-hand naked with her was... the erotic excitement was overriding my trepidation.
"I'm sure everyone here has already seen you naked many times now," Ezra added. "Assuming they are already out of their rooms."
Unlike Lisa or Denise, I liked how Ezra had merely given me a soft nudge rather than insisting. Combined with my renewed horniness, I became more open to the idea.
Ezra pulled me forward until I stood beside her in front of the door. I perused her naked front again and returned my gaze to see her smiling at me. I still couldn't get enough of her.
She gripped the doorknob and turned it. As the door widened slowly, two things caught my attention.
The first was the smell of food... Something delicious. My immediate thought was I hoped Tony had prepared lunch. Tony was an excellent cook when he wanted to be, though most of the time, he'd prefer to order take-out.
As the door continued to open, I noticed two visitors in the kitchen with Tony. My room was the closest to the open kitchen, giving the two visitors and Tony a full view of Ezra and me as soon as the door opened. All three of them looked at both of us. My immediate instinct was to shrink my body and hide away from view, but Ezra held onto my hand and prevented me from escaping.
I didn't know we were going to have visitors. I hated Tony at the moment for not informing us. Tony always did things whenever he felt like it, without considering the rest of us living in the same house.
"Hey buddy, how's it going!" Brad's deep voice boomed in the kitchen.
When I first met Brad in the gym after I started working out with Tony, I always got the sense that the way he talked to me was like talking to a puppy. Warm, friendly, and kind. Which was a stark contrast to his beast-like body. His body was ripped with bulging muscles like Tony's. Unlike Tony's long and lean body -- like a featherweight MMA fighter or fashion model -- Brad's body reminded me of Hugh Jackman from the Wolverine movies. But despite Brad's enormous size, his voice's deep bass and warmth always seem to put me at ease.
Standing beside Brad was a pretty girl I guessed was his girlfriend, Molly. Everything I'd heard of Molly suggested that she was a great beauty. She was also a swimsuit model, and I heard she was headhunted after her wet-shirt photo was circulated. Looking at her now, I could tell she certainly had the looks for it, especially in the chest department. The sexy outfit she was wearing ensured everyone noticed her killer body.
"Ezzi! I thought I recognized your thong!" Molly exclaimed, wearing an excited grin as she strutted toward us. In her hands were Ezra's red panties and my black boxer.
Molly exuded a VIP-like presence as she walked, the kind of presence that models, celebrities, and politicians tend to have. It was as though a spotlight followed them wherever they went, making the rest of the room follow them with their gaze.
It was good that Molly kept her eyes on Ezra as she approached us. My brain was still trying to keep up since Ezra opened the door.
Ezra gave a low chuckle. "Have you been smelling our underwear?" She asked. Turning to me, she added, "Molly has a renifleur disorder. She loves smelling people's underwear."
A renifleur disorder? I needed to check that online. I thought only men had underwear fetishes. I didn't know women get aroused by smelling underwear, too.
"It's not a disorder! And only if they smell nice," Molly said as she stood before us. She wrapped her arms around Ezra's neck and hugged her naked body. Ezra's red thong and my black boxers dangled behind Ezra's neck in Molly's hand.
"Hmmph," Molly sighed as she pulled apart but left her hands on Ezra's neck. "You smell so good right now."
Ezra chuckled again. "Yes, you've told me that many times."
"Oh no, you smell different today! Something fresh, innocent but... alluring," Molly said as she licked Ezra's neck, causing her to giggle.
"That smell is probably Ken's fresh cum dripping out of me," Ezra said, looking down toward her crotch. Molly's glance followed hers. Ezra's pussy was still slightly red.
Did college girls really talk and behave like that? I thought I was used to how much sex invaded normal conversation with Lisa and Denise, but this took it to another level.
Molly looked at me and gave a little smirk. My face felt hot from her gaze. "Hey, how come I wasn't invited to the morning party?" Molly asked
"That was just a warm-up," Ezra grinned. "The real party is later."
"Ouh, can I join?" Molly asked, exaggeratedly stretching the word "oh." Like a wolf's howling "oh-woo" with an almost silent "w." It was endearing.
"You need to ask Ken," Ezra said and turned to me. "He's doing three of us girls later."
Molly's eyes widened, then she released Ezra, got in front of me, and pressed her against my naked body as she hugged me. My brain short-circuited as I felt her ample breasts pushing into my chest. Then the blood started flowing into my nether region, and my cock was jump started alive.
Thankfully, Molly released me from the hug before my cock pressed into her.
"So Ken, can I join the party later?" Molly gave me a sultry look.
"Uh..." I stammered, still trying to recover since Ezra opened the door. Fivesome with four girls? And with Brad's girlfriend? Would he mind? At the moment, my cock certainly didn't mind, although I didn't know if I could pull it off.
I looked past Molly's shoulder and glanced toward Brad. Thankfully, Brad didn't appear offended. If anything, he was still giving me that warm smile again. He must have received my distressed signal and decided to rescue me.
"Molly, why don't you let them wash up so that they can join us for lunch?" Brad said in his same warm voice.
Molly looked at me for a moment and gave me another sultry smile. Then she leaned her mouth toward my ear and whispered, "I'll be working really hard to invite me to your party later, Ken."
"Um... I..." I stammered again. My mind was swimming with questions. I rather liked the idea of bringing Molly to my bed, but I didn't know if she was really interested in having sex with me, and what about Brad? I didn't want to offend Wolverine. I looked at Ezra, and she gave me a smirk.
"Molly, Ken takes a while to warm up to others," Ezra said. She pulled her panties from Molly's hand. Why don't you help me wash up first?"
Molly agreed, giving me another teasing smile, and started following Ezra toward the bathroom. I was left standing there, still shocked by how things were unfolding, before I remembered I was still naked.
Just before Molly and Ezra entered the bathroom, I blurted, "W-wait! "Can... Uh... Can I have my boxers back?"
Molly and Ezra turned back and chuckled. "Why?" Molly asked. "You looked good like that," she said as she glanced up and down my body.
This was the first time Molly had made reference to my nakedness. It was weird how Molly and Brad hadn't reacted to us being naked, as though it was nothing out of the ordinary. I wanted to cover my crotch with my hands, but instead, I was rooted to the spot. Denise had taught me a lot about interacting with girls, but she hadn't covered how to get my boxers back from someone like Molly.
I looked at Ezra and pleaded with her with my eyes again. She gave a silent chuckle and decided to come to my rescue for the second time. She grabbed my boxers from Molly and tossed them at me. Molly scowled a little, then grinned again before following Ezra to the bathroom.
With my boxers in hand, I stood awkwardly in front of my room as I watched Ezra and Molly enter the bathroom. Then I turned back to Brad and Tony, who decided to resume their conversation.
Eventually, my brain caught up and realized how weird the whole thing was. There I was, still standing naked the entire time when I could have just gone back to my room to get a fresh pair instead. It also dawned on me the lack of responses Molly and Brad had shown seeing Ezra and me coming out of the room naked, with our bodies no doubt smelling of sex. They didn't comment or react to our nudity or the fact that we had sex. Could they also have heard us having sex? Were we loud? Denise was always loud during sex. Lisa was only loud when she had an orgasm. Ezra's were breathy moans, but overhearing was entirely possible with the thin walls and the kitchen right next to my room.
I quickly put my boxers back on and joined Tony and Brad in the kitchen. I was contemplating whether to get fully dressed, but my body was still hot after sex, and I didn't want to put my clothes back on before washing up. In any case, as Molly said, they had already seen me naked.
"How is it going, buddy?" Brad asked again as I stood beside him. Dressed in a simple dark T-shirt and shorts, he seemed bigger than the last time I saw him. His chest and shoulders must have been twice the size of mine.
"Um, I'm good," I said. I paused, then remembering my manners, I added, "It's good to see you."
"I hope you don't get offended at Molly," Brad said. "She's just being playful. I'll tell her to tone it down if it bothers you."
"It's fine," I replied. There was something about Molly that I didn't quite get. The way she behaved and spoke was a little like Denise, but it didn't feel aggressive like her. It was just... playful like Brad said. I was a little intimidated by Molly, especially by her beauty and directness. Still, I was also somewhat at ease around her for some reason.
Brad and Molly were both twenty-three-year-old graduate students, with Brad doing an MBA and Molly doing a master's in hospitality management. Brad also managed a small catering company. Tony had invited Brad today to discuss the events Tony was planning to host. Through the conversation, I found out that Brad had brought tacos for lunch.
Ten minutes later, I heard the bathroom door open, and Ezra and Molly giggled as they exited. Ezra, still naked, walked toward the staircase and up the second level. I guessed she was joining Lisa and Denise to prepare for whatever surprise they had for me.
Molly joined us in the kitchen and hugged my left arm, deliberately pressing it against her chest. I reacted by looking down at her cleavage before realizing what I had just done and quickly looked back up at her face.
My first impression of Molly was that she was glamorous, like a fashion model. Her beauty had less to do with her attractive facial features and more with how she presented herself. Smokey gray-green eyes, long eyelashes, and plump lips with glossy pink lipsticks. Her luxurious, golden tresses tumbled about her face making certain she would turn heads wherever she went.
Molly wasn't unattractive by any means. She just didn't have as beautiful facial features as Lisa and Denise. Looking at their mothers, anyone could tell Denise and the Kelton sisters had great genes.
Interestingly, both Lisa and Denise had Scandinavian blood, though their mothers came from different countries. That contributed to their attractive features of light, straight hair, long, high-positioned, narrow nose, high cheekbones, and defined jawlines.
Lisa's mother was born in Brazil though her family came over before she turned four. I used to think Brazilians tend to have darker skin until Elsa explained that Brazilians have very diverse origins. In particular, many people living in the Brazilian South, where her mother was born, were of Scandinavian descent. The Scandinavian settlement in Brazil began in the mid to late nineteenth century when thousands of Scandinavians arrived in Brazil, mainly from Sweden. The Brazilian South was where most women with famous Scandinavian characteristics were concentrated. Many became actresses, models, or famous only for being "beautiful."
On the other hand, Denise's mother came from Denmark, while her father was a German Jew whose family migrated here to escape the Holocaust. Denise's mother came over to work as a model when she was nineteen and fell in love with the ambitious lawyer soon after.
Molly looked back at me and gave me a sultry smile again. It was like that sultry smile was her default look. Looking at her was starting to cause my dick to harden... again. Even from the corner of my eyes, I couldn't help noticing her deep cleavage.
Calling it deep cleavage was doing it an injustice. She was wearing what appeared to be a floral halter top romper. From a thin string tied at the back of her neck, the cloth came down to cover three-quarters of her breasts in the middle while exposing plenty of side boobs. Yet, unlike a bikini that connected in the middle, the cloth continued down to her waist, exposing the middle of her torso past her navel and ending just above her crotch. Her tummy was flat with traces of abs -- the kind of abs that could only result from low body fat and many abdominal workouts. Very sexy.
Below, instead of a skirt like a normal dress, the romper had shorts for the bottom. Though, calling it "shorts" also didn't do it justice, as the romper hemline ended just an inch or two below her crotch -- more like mini shorts or boyshorts panties.
From behind, her back from the waist up was fully exposed. I've seen Denise and Lisa dressed skimpily before, but this took it to the next level. At the same time, though, despite the skin exposure of the romper, the floral design made the dress look less slutty, and simply casual. Like something a girl would wear to the beach in summer, though I've seen girls' bikinis covering more than Molly's romper.
At first glance, I wondered if Molly was wearing a bra. I used to think that the lack of bra straps, especially on a backless dress, meant the girl was not wearing a bra. Since becoming intimate with Denise, though, I discovered there was underwear like an adhesive bra or nipple covers. They were "stick-on" bras that somehow also helped push the breasts up simultaneously. I never liked these kinds of bras because, while they made the girl wearing it sexier with a dress on, they didn't look as nice once the dress came off. Removing adhesive bras was also not as fun as unhooking a regular bra.
"Do you like my outfit?" Molly asked. Asking a question like that was like begging me for another look. So I gave her body another glance up and down, conscious of how my cock was approving her clothing. I pushed my hips below the island counter to hide my growing erection.
The second look made me sure she wasn't wearing a bra at all underneath her romper, judging from her nipples poking through the cloth.
"It's, uh... it looks good on you," I said. Molly could compete with Kate Upton in Sports Illustrated.
"Aww, thanks," Molly replied. "What do you like about it?"
I didn't know if it was a genuine question or if she was just fishing for a compliment. I looked at her body again, spending longer with my gaze this time. Molly's body was so unbelievably hot, and the skimpy romper accentuated her sexiness. I didn't want to comment on her body, less she thought I was hitting on her. So I applied what Denise had taught me about complimenting girls by giving a non-sexual and non-objectifying comment.
"Uh, I like how the dress brought out the color of your eyes," I said as I looked into her gray-green eyes.
I thought I had given a rather lame comment, but Molly gave me an approving grin. My lessons with Denise seemed to have paid off. Most college guys would comment with some variation of hot, sexy, or beautiful. More aggressive men might comment about their figures, tits, or asses.
But the best way to compliment a girl's appearance, if I wanted to stand out and make it meaningful, Denise told me, was to notice something that others seldom do and comment about it, especially if the woman seemed to be deliberate in their dressing. It could be as simple as shoes, bags, or even jewelry. Sexual comments like "you're so fucking hot" were only valuable once you knew for sure that the girl was aroused and interested in you.
With Brad and Tony continuing their business conversation, Molly engaged me in small talk. Despite still being rather intimidated by Molly's beauty, she was surprisingly easy to talk to. She was an excellent conversationalist like Tony. Any awkwardness I displayed, as I tend to do during conversations, especially when meeting someone for the first time, was met with positive prompts, encouragement, and reassurance by her. She constantly smiled and laughed at the things I said. Her body language and enthusiasm made me feel like she was enjoying herself.
I was having a good time, too. It was hard not to be when I was the center of the pretty girl's attention. She never tried to look at her phone or elsewhere for better company. It was like I was the most exciting person she had met in her life.
I wondered if this was how the recipients of Tony's charm must have felt, making people feel so good about themselves that they didn't want the interaction to stop.
----
It took Lisa, Denise, and Ezra another twenty minutes before they came down. Lisa and Denise wore short bodycon dresses that stuck onto their bodies like a second skin, leaving nothing to the imagination. I was eagerly anticipating what the surprise the girls had for me when I saw Ezra trailing behind them, still fully naked.
But what caught my attention wasn't only the fact that she was still completely naked and had what appeared to be a bushy brown tail behind her. That was when I realized all three girls had tails between their legs.
I wondered what I was seeing until it dawned on me... they were wearing tail plugs! So this meant that inside their butts right now were...
I wasn't sure if that was the surprise that Lisa had for me, but knowing that they were all wearing tail plugs was... so damn erotic.
It also dawned on me the difficulty of wearing tail plugs with panties on... Did that mean Lisa and Denise weren't wearing panties underneath their dresses?
My already erected cock from Molly continuously pressing her fleshy breasts into my arm turned into steel at the sight of the three girls with tail plugs on. I could only stare at them as they descended the stairs.
Lisa was the first to arrive at the kitchen. "Ken!" she exclaimed, lifting the skirt of her dress to show me the bushy tail plug coming out of her butt. I was right. No panties, indeed. Very hot. "Do you like it? I will make sure everyone wears these today! It helps us stretch our butts so you can stuff your cock inside easier. Though Denise was bitching about it."
Once again, I was shocked by how explicitly the girls were talking, especially in front of visitors.
Before I could reply, Denise scowled and said, "Fuck you, Lisa. I wasn't bitching. I was just saying that I'd prefer having Ken inside my butt than a tail plug."
"Hey!" Molly interjected, "How come nobody told me to wear a tail plug!"
"I have another one in my room if you want," Lisa said.
"I want!" Molly replied. "But I'm wearing shorts." She frowned.
"I can lend you a dress," Lisa said.
"Or you can just get naked like Ezra," Denise said. "I'm sure Ken will love that."
"Ouh!" Molly exclaimed. Turning to me, she asked, "Do you prefer me naked or wearing a dress?"
Everyone turned to me and waited for an answer. I felt my face getting hot at the sudden attention. What's the best choice here?
My lecherous mind wanted to see Molly naked, but the atmosphere was already turning too sexual for my liking. As it was, I would probably already have a hard-on for the rest of the day.
I wasn't sure what kind of dress Lisa would lend to Molly, though if what Lisa was wearing was any indication, I was sure it would be just as scandalous. On the other hand, I really liked what Molly was wearing right then...
I glanced at Ezra, pleading with her to rescue me with my eyes once again. It used to be that I could always turn to Lisa for help, but these days, with Lisa and Denise constantly trying to one-up each other, I guessed that Ezra would be the best person to turn to.
But Ezra only looked back at me and smiled. My heart was now racing. The conversation was not going to move on until I made a decision.
"Um, I... I think you'll-look great dressed like this. Why don't we have lunch first? You can change later if you want."
Thankfully, my answer satisfied everyone, especially Molly, who gave me a big smile and clung even tighter to my arm.
Lunch was a rather fun affair as the conversation flowed easily over tacos and margaritas at the island counter. It seemed like, apart from me, everyone was very familiar with each other. Lisa and Denise would take turns showing off their butt plugs. No one commented about Ezra's nakedness. Halfway through lunch, I was starting to guess that they had all seen each other naked and perhaps even had sex with each other often. Even Brad didn't mind that his girlfriend was flirting heavily with me, nor did he comment about Lisa's, Denise's, and Ezra's dressings and behaviors.
I generally disliked gatherings, especially when there were people I wasn't close to, but somehow I felt I belonged today. I wonder if this was what it was like to be non-monogamous and live a swinger's lifestyle -- casual and friendly but also intimate with each other.
I mostly kept my talking to the minimum. I preferred just to listen and observe as I usually did in groups. Though it was still rather enjoyable for me, and I guessed it was in part got to do with Molly.
Molly kept sticking by my side and rubbed her body against mine at every opportunity. She also made it a point to get me to engage and frequently pulled me into the conversation, like Lisa tends to do. I didn't know what Molly's deal was and why she was paying me so much attention. Was she interested in me? A twenty-three-year-old bombshell model seemed unlikely to be interested in an eighteen-year-old boy like me, especially with Tony and Brad around.
The strange thing about Molly was there seemed to be two sides to her. On one side was the playful, teasing seductress, and on the other was an affectionate and caring motherly-like attitude. Despite only meeting her today, I was growing relatively comfortable around her, having her tits pressing against me notwithstanding.
Through the conversations, I discovered that Molly was also a member of La Pute, which helped explain why she seemed so casual and upfront about her sexuality, like Denise, and why she seemed so close to Ezra. With Ezra as its President, La Pute was a college sorority known for promoting the polyamorous lifestyle.
Strictly speaking, La Pute wasn't solely focused on polyamory. It was a radical feminist group that taught women to take back power from men when it came to love and sex. The direct translation of La Pute literally meant 'slut' or 'whore' in french.
One of La Pute's doctrines was to rewrite the traditional rulebook of relationships and sex. Instead of women being the passive ones, they encouraged women to take the initiative. Rather than waiting for men to hit on women, women were taught to approach, flirt and seduce men they wanted to date or fuck.
La Pute also dictated that the negative and insulting terms like 'slut,' 'whore,' 'skank,' or 'promiscuous' were a good thing. Calling a woman promiscuous was high praise, progress in their vision to help women regain control.
Because of these, La Pute was said to be where all the most attractive and promiscuous college girls gathered. I supposed it made sense. Girls who loved sex were often slut-shamed; La Pute members learned to embrace their sluttiness. They wielded their bodies as a weapon instead of seeing them as a weakness.
La Pute also had a list of "l'étalon," which literally meant horse, or commonly known as a stud. A stud was an honorary male member who had been approved by La Pute. Having Stud Status meant that these guys were "approved" as good enough to date and fuck. In other words, these guys came "highly recommended."
The purpose of being a stud was to reward guys who were generally well-behaved and/or fucks very well. Any male given 'Stud Status' would automatically have tons of college girls wanting to have sex with him. Tony was the highest of the big studs. Brad was a stud, too, which wasn't surprising considering his Wolverine-like body.
Conversely, La Pute members were warned to stay away from the "Black Listed" guys. Generally, it was difficult to get blacklisted. Ezra wanted to avoid their personal biases having an effect. Blacklisting would happen only if many girls said the same thing about a person, such as if they had consistent records of gaslighting, abusing, or hitting women.
—
When everyone was done eating, Brad and Tony offered to clean up, so the girls made their way to the living room with their glasses of margaritas.
I saw Ezra heading to the bathroom, so I stuck around the kitchen for a while and helped clean up a little. I wanted to connect with Ezra after we exited my room. I didn't have anything specific I wanted to talk about per se; it was just...
After the intimacy we shared this morning, I thought it would bring us much closer. I thought we would become more... more attached, maybe? I didn't know what I hoped for, but it wasn't this.
Since lunch started, Ezra behaved as if nothing had changed, which felt disconcerting for me. She didn't avoid me or was unfriendly toward me, but it was just...
I knew we were not a couple or even remotely involved, but to act like we were nothing more than ordinary friends after that intense emotional experience? Maybe this was why I couldn't do the whole casual sex thing. Once I got emotionally attached, it was hard for me to switch it off.
Despite being among friends, there was a definite loneliness inside of me. This was one of the reasons why I hated gatherings. Even in a room full of people, one could still feel lonely. Or maybe it was precisely when I was among people that I realized how lonely I was.
When I heard the sound of the bathroom flushing, I slowly walked toward the toilet and positioned myself by the door. It felt stalkerish to do that, but I needed to know that whatever Ezra and I felt in the morning was real.
Before Ezra came out of the bathroom, Denise appeared in front of me. "I really need to go. Can I go first?"
"Sure, go ahead," I said.
"I heard you fucked Ezra really well earlier," Denise said with a straight face.
"Um... It was, uh, nice."
"It was nice? Surely you can do better than just 'nice.'" Denise gave me a slight frown.
"It was amazing," I tried again. "Err, mind-blowing."
Denise seemed satisfied with the answer and smiled. "That's better. I want a blow-by-blow account later."
Thankfully before I could answer Denise, the bathroom door opened, and Ezra came out while Denise quickly dashed inside.
Ezra looked at me and gave me a quick smile. "Hey, Ken."
Before I could reply, she was already turning to walk away.
"Um, Ezra," I blurted quickly.
Ezra turned back toward me. "Hmmm?"
Shit. I didn't know what I wanted to say. I just wanted to talk to her. To connect with her again. "Uh, I just wanted to check up on you."
"You're sweet, Ken. I'm feeling good. Thanks." With that, Ezra started to turn and leave again.
"Wait!" I said louder than I had wanted. I glanced around quickly. Thankfully, no one had paid me attention.
Ezra looked back at me again. "You want to talk?"
"Uh, yeah," I said.
"What's up?" she asked.
"Um..." I still hadn't thought of what to say. My mind was racing to find the right words, but none were coming.
"After what we did earlier, I would have thought that you would be more comfortable speaking your mind," Ezra said.
"Actually, never mind. I had forgotten what I wanted to say."
"Well then, you know where to find me when you remember," Ezra said, turning away.
—-
Molly started to become even more touchy with the girls after the third glass of margaritas, with her hands exploring Lisa's, Denise's, and Ezra's bodies. She would also frequently touch my arms, chest, and face. I wasn't sure if I was glad she didn't try to grope me. As usual, no one paid much attention to any of these things.
"What's your plan for the rest of the day?" Molly asked as she lifted Lisa's skirt over her hips and caressed her butt. Lisa's butt did look really good with a tail plug on.
I was in the midst of fantasizing about how it would feel to be inside Lisa's butt when her reply made me spit out my drink.
"Ken's helping us stretch our butt!" Lisa exclaimed.
"OUH! Can I join?" Molly asked.
"I thought your butt's already plentily stretched," Denise commented.
"I haven't had anal for a while. It could do with some good stretching," Molly said.
"Then get your own boyfriend to do it," Denise replied with growing aggression.
"Someone's rather possessive, huh," Molly deadpanned.
"Of course. Ken's my boyfriend," Denise said.
"Fake boyfriend," Lisa added.
"Well then, is your fake boyfriend available for sharing?" Molly asked, not responding to Lisa's 'fake boyfriend' comment.
"Depends," Denise said. "Are you going to let Ken fuck your face?"
Molly pouted. "You know I can't deep-throat as well as you. How about fucking my tits? I think Ken likes them."
"Ken doesn't like titty fucks," Denise replied.
It wasn't exactly true that I didn't enjoy tit-fucking. It wasn't at the top of my favorite bedroom activities, all things considered. I was thrilled to try that for the first time with Denise, but once the novelty wore off, it wasn't as stimulating as the other things we could be doing.
"That's because he hasn't tried fucking E-cup tits before," Molly said.
"E-cup?" Denise scoffed. "Yeah, right. You wear 36DD most of the time. You only tell stupid guys that you wear 34E to impress them. Unlike most guys, Ken knows that 36DD and 34E are basically the same."
As part of my lingerie education, Denise taught me the difference in bra cup sizes. According to her, a cup size alone means nothing; it always correlates to the band size. The number refers to the band size around the rib cage, while the alphabetical cup size refers to the size of the breasts compared to the rib cage or how much bigger the breasts are than the rib cage. Bra sizes of different alphabets can have the same total chest volume. For example, 40C, 38D, 36DD, 34E, 32F, 30FF, and 28G all had the same chest volume, including their bust. A woman with breasts as large as Lisa or Denise but with a thin chest or narrow ribcage might choose to wear a C- or even B-cup bra instead of a D-cup.
To add to the complexity of bra-fitting, there were also different types and shapes of bras, like balconettes, demi-cup, padded cups, and so forth. Different brands and designs could also affect the cup sizes women wear.
Then there's the shape of the breasts, the body's physique, and the contrast between the breasts and the body size. A B-cup might sound small to most guys but could appear huge on a petite girl. A pair of firm and perky tits of A-cup size on a narrow chest might also look bigger and more attractive than a C-cup on a broader chest.
"36DD and 34E might have the same chest volume," Molly said, "but they would feel different when Ken's fucking my tits. Not counting your chest size, my tits alone are definitely better than yours... what... 28-30D?"
Denise scowled. "Bitch, if you're going to seduce my boyfriend, you could at least show him what you're offering."
"Ouh, right!" Molly exclaimed. She turned to me and asked, "Do you want to see my tits?
"Just take off your clothes!" Lisa said, a little drunk now.
"Erm, I..." I looked at Brad again, wondering what he would think of me seeing his girlfriend naked. The last thing I wanted was to get punched in the face by someone who brought us tacos, but Brad was still deep in conversation with Tony.
I turned back to Molly when I heard her giggle. "Don't worry, Brad and I are swingers."
"That's... that's cool," I simply said. So I guessed my theory was right after all.
"Most girls in La Pute are swingers," Ezra chimed in, "and bisexual or at least bi-curious on a scale."
"Is that a requirement?" I asked.
"Nah," Molly said. "Though we almost always end up converting them after they join us."
Ezra explained, "A lot of men had this belief: Sex feels good. I love sex. Therefore I want to have casual sex with no strings attached, but the truth is many women have this mindset, too. Many women love sex, especially once they know what good sex feels like. If sex feels good, with proper protection, why shouldn't you have sex more often?"
"Err... right," I said. That logic made sense in my slightly inebriated mind, I guessed, but there was still the question of casual sex and non-monogamy. It's okay if they were single, but wouldn't they feel jealous if they had partners like Brad and Molly?
"What about the part about being bisexual?" I asked.
"Human sexuality is more fluid than most people think, especially now when it's starting to become an accepted norm," Ezra said. "Females are also generally more open to exploring their sexuality and challenging heteronormativity. At La Pute, we encourage our members to explore girl-on-girl intimacy of various levels, from dating to sex. Even if they are not interested in girls or lesbian sex, there are many benefits to dating a woman or exploring another woman's body sexually... from building overall healthier relationships with women to learning more about themselves and being more comfortable with their own bodies."
"Plus the added benefit of having more people you can fuck," Denise added.
"I'm quite sure you already have enough people to fuck," Molly said.
Denise scowled. "Speak for yourself. The purpose of all your parties is just to seduce girls."
"Hey, at least I let them be comfortable with the idea first," Molly retorted. "I don't pursue them aggressively like a horn dog."
"The end goal is the same, isn't it?" Denise challenged.
Denise and Molly stared at each other for a few moments in silence. I was worried things would escalate between them, but then Denise rolled her eyes, and both ended up snickering.
----
When lunch was over, Lisa wanted champagne on the roof by the pool, so she suggested everyone go up to the rooftop.
Denise scowled at the suggestion. "Bitch, I spent the morning cleaning, lubing, and stretching my butt with the tail plug. If we go into the pool, I need to do these all over again."
But despite Denise's protest, she reluctantly agreed.
Ezra and Molly accompanied Denise and Lisa to their rooms to don bikinis while Brad followed Tony to his room to borrow swim shorts. I also returned to my room to change and was the first to arrive at the rooftop.
I prepared the champagne in ice buckets and filled the tub. Then, with still no one appearing, I went into the tub and enjoyed a quiet moment.
The late October weather was starting to turn cool. I was looking forward to the winter months. Somehow, despite seasonal affective disorder and depression being more common in winter, I tended to feel the opposite. Perhaps winter seasons fit my mood, constantly filling me with melancholy and nostalgia.
Though my mood had been better over the past few months. Lisa was convinced it was the amount of sex I was having, but I also thought being more intimate with the girls helped a lot.
Despite not having boyfriend status with Lisa, being intimate with my dream girl, holding her hand, hugging her, and kissing her whenever I wanted... was something I never thought could happen in this lifetime.
And then there was Denise. I was still unsure what to make of our relationship. Fake boyfriend or not, Denise was the kind of girl I would have thought I wouldn't be good enough to date. If Lisa weren't in the picture, perhaps I would be more than happy to be with Denise. Her mannerisms were still a little too aggressive and brash for my liking, but I was getting really fond of her. Besides, I liked confident and outspoken girls like her. I would choose the latter if it were the choice between sweet and quiet versus someone like Denise.
Denise had more depth to her than she portrayed openly. There were moments when we were together on dates alone or lying naked in bed when she displayed genuine tenderness and affection. I wondered if that was the real Denise once she was willing to be vulnerable and let her guard down.
Lisa and Tony commented on how proud they were of my recent changes, and I knew I owed most of it to Denise. Sex aside, she had me working out, taught me to be more confident, improved my dressing, and helped me to become more "boyfriend material." If Lisa had completely rejected me and made it certain that apart from sex, I had no chance of being her boyfriend, perhaps I would be happy simply being with Denise. Would I be satisfied with being Denise's real boyfriend?
To add to my already complicated relationships, there's also Ezra. Being with her this morning was simply mind-blowing in almost the literal sense. I felt like my brain had exploded, with its pieces lying all over my room. I was starting to get really enamored with her. I certainly wouldn't mind having her as my girlfriend, although I wasn't sure how I would fit in with her three other girlfriends yet.
I wasn't sure what to make of Molly yet. I was confident she wasn't interested in having me as a boyfriend with Brad around. Or maybe, like the Kelton girls, Molly and Brad were also open to having a third in their relationship. I also wasn't sure if Molly's flirting and teasing showed her interest in having sex with me. I was still intimidated by the twenty-three year old hottie. Her glamorous model looks made me feel inadequate in her presence. Perhaps it was the girls' raunchy antics or the alcohol affecting my brain, though, but if given a chance, I definitely wouldn't mind looking at Molly naked, roaming my hands over her body, feeling her voluminous tits, and fucking her on the bed...
Seeing Ezra appearing on the rooftop broke my reverie. She was alone, dressed in a white string bikini. The Kelton sisters all had fair complexions and seemed somewhat impervious to suntanning, though Ezra was the tannest of the three. With how comfortable she was walking around naked in front of others, I imagined she spent most of the time without clothes as much as possible. I would prefer her naked, but damn she did look really nice in a white bikini.
I ogled Ezra walking toward me and then sitting on the edge of the hot tub with her legs dangling in the water.
"You look comfortable," Ezra said.
"Yeah," I replied. "Wanna come all the way in?"
"In a bit," Ezra said. "By the way, did you want to talk to me earlier?"
"Uh, kinda." Ezra looked at me for a moment and then down to her legs, waiting for me to speak. With no urgency, I gathered my thoughts and said, "After what we... did earlier, I thought we would be closer."
"We are," she simply said.
"But it also seems like nothing has changed," I countered.
Ezra pondered for a few moments. "Were you hoping that I would be more physically affectionate toward you, especially around others?" Ezra asked.
"Um... I... frankly, I don't know what to expect."
"I do think you tend to overthink too much, Ken. At the same time, if you wanted reassurance from me, you could have been the one to initiate affection toward me instead of waiting for me to do it. I can't read your mind, and besides, I thought you were having a rather good time during lunch."
The way Ezra put it made me seem like I was being clingy and insecure, which, in a way, I guessed I was. She was right; I always waited for others to make the first move instead of taking the initiative.
"Anyway," Ezra added, "there's a phenomenon where sometimes people feel down and even slightly depressed after sex. During sex and after achieving an orgasm, serotonin and dopamine levels tend to spike drastically. Then once they come down, some people might notice that big difference and feel down. It's akin to the crash people feel after taking caffeine or alcohol. Which causes some to chase the high continuously... That's also how people get addicted to sex, drugs, and stimulants."
Hearing Ezra explain it made me realize my addiction-like tendency toward sex and intimacy. It's often said that people with depression and anxiety have lower levels of serotonin. Whenever I was intimate with Denise, and especially Lisa, I felt so good that I didn't want it to stop. When the high I felt came down, I sought the next high again. Intimacy and affection were my drugs.
As I was pondering these things, Ezra dropped her body into the tub, and my eyes jumped toward her breasts as they jiggled when she sat down.
Ezra grinned at me when she caught me looking. "Earlier, I was worried that your sexual appetite would be depleted after coming three times, but it's nice to know that I still had an effect on you even after sex."
"You always have an effect on me," I simply replied.
Ezra gave a low throaty chuckle. "Seems like someone is having a really good time. Could Molly be the reason why?"
"She's, uh, a really nice girl. Very easy to be around."
Ezra laughed with a twinkle in her eyes. "Are you sure it's not because of how she clung to you earlier?"
"Uh... is she always like that to everyone she meets?"
"She's usually friendly, playful, and generally a very nice person, probably much more than you know. Though she's also very slutty, horny, and kinky, especially when she wants to have sex, which is all the time."
"Is... is she really interested in me? Or does she behave like that with boys in general?"
"She generally flirts and teases a lot but is pickier in choosing who she has sex with. Though I'm sure she's really interested in you at the moment."
"Really?" I found it hard to believe that.
"It probably has to do with me telling Molly earlier how much Lisa, Denise, and I enjoyed having sex with you," Ezra grinned teasingly. "But she also likes respectful guys. She might be less interested if you had started groping her back."
"Huh? So you're saying she became more interested in me because I wasn't groping her?"
"Many girls enjoy bantering and flirting playfully. It's fun to do that, but they are not always interested in having sex with the people they flirt with. Overt sexual advances are only welcome if there's attraction and the girl is in the mood for sex. Or if you're at a sex party. I'm sure Molly would like it if you tried to grope her a little... but it's more to do with the fact that you didn't make sexual advances toward her just because she was flirting with you."
Girls liked to flirt but didn't like guys to make advances toward them? They were so confusing. "How would I know if girls who flirt with me are actually interested in me?" I asked.
"Well, you can start flirting back. Banter, be playful, and generally be fun to be with, and watch how things progress from there. Generally, it's a good sign if girls start touching you a lot."
"I see..." The art of reading social cues and bantering were skills I was weakest in.
"I'm surprised that you didn't flinch when Molly hugged you and touched you, though," Ezra said. "Or perhaps you're just being biased."
I hadn't noticed that until Ezra pointed it out. I usually flinched from the slightest physical contact or even struggled to maintain eye contact. Although I liked to think I had made much improvement on that.
"Molly is just easy to be around, I guess."
"Perhaps," Ezra smirked. "Or maybe it's the oxytocin you've been getting from sex. Numerous studies have shown that intranasal oxytocin spray helps people with autism or Asperger's Syndrome to be less anxious in social settings. Oxytocin also promotes trust, bonding, and falling in love."
"Or maybe your therapy has been working," I said. "We should schedule another session soon."
Ezra laughed. "It's nice to see you comfortable enough to initiate intimacy with me. What you just said, by the way, is a form of bantering."
"So, is that a yes?" I pressed on.
"Hmmm... first, you need to show me you're making improvements."
"How?" I asked.
"Two things," Ezra said. "First, for our foursome later, or fivesome if Molly joins, I want you to take charge and be more proactive instead of being a passive participant."
"Uh, can you give me an example of what it means to be more proactive?"
"If you see Denise and me eating each other out and want to join in, just do it instead of waiting to be invited."
Lisa had told me the same thing about being more proactive. My issue had always been needing clarification of whether my actions were welcomed. "How do I know if what I want to do is welcomed and not offensive?"
"Considering that all three of us had sex with you before and looking forward to doing it again, any actions you perform in bed should be welcomed, but you can always check in as well. If Denise is on her knees eating me out and you put your cock at her butt entrance, she would tell you if she didn't want that."
I loved that Ezra had mentioned she was looking forward to having sex with me again. "But in that example, if Denise didn't want me to, er, put my cock in her butt, wouldn't it be too late already?"
"Then just ask her," Ezra replied. "Or you can say, 'I want to fuck your ass,' and see if she objects. That's how we do it in swingers' parties."
"Right. I'll try that," I said. "What's the second thing?"
"We talked about you becoming more comfortable with your desires and taking action. So I want you not to shy away when Molly makes advances at you."
"You mean having sex with her?"
"Yes, but also, if there's an opportunity for you to touch her, kiss her or fondle her breasts, I want you to take it without reservation and do it without having to be pushed."
"Would she want that? For me to, uh, touch her, I mean."
"Why don't you ask her?" Ezra said, tilting her head toward the stairs. Molly had appeared along with Lisa and Denise. Lisa and Denise were in string bikinis, though I was disappointed to see Molly still wearing her floral romper. It looked like she wasn't wearing a bikini underneath at all.
Lisa, Denise, and Molly went to pop open the champagne and started drinking immediately. Ezra got out of the water to join them while I remained in the tub. I thought that I already had too much alcohol as it was, but the more significant reason was I was waiting for my cock to deflate. My cock was still erect, and I didn't want it on display.
I had a bulge showing throughout lunch, but I was largely able to hide it. With the rest of them eating and drinking, no one had paid much attention to my erection. Now on the rooftop, I felt more exposed.
With drinks in their hands, Lisa and Denise went to the sunbed to lie down while Molly and Ezra came over to the side of the tub next to me.
"I was telling Molly that you were probably disappointed that she wasn't in a bikini, but she said she had a surprise for you," Ezra said.
I looked over to Molly, wondering what the surprise was. It was probably going to be something sex-related.
"Deni commented that I had spent the whole time teasing you with my tits earlier but didn't allow you to see them," Molly said. "So she suggested letting you undress me instead. Want to do the honors?"
From the corner of my eyes, I sensed that Ezra was waiting for me to make my move. "Now?" I asked
"I'm dying to remove my clothes here," Molly replied. "Why don't you come out of the tub and help me take it off?"
I hesitated for a moment but decided that with such a direct question like that, there was no way I could say no. If anything went wrong, I assumed Ezra would be there to help me. So I got out of the tub with my cock still half-erected and stood in front of Molly.
Molly placed her glass down and waited for me to make a move. With a romper like hers, the only way to take it off would be to either pull the string at the back of her neck over her head or untie it.
I opted for the latter. I tentatively raised my hands and moved them toward Molly's neck, waiting for any sign that she had changed her mind. When she didn't, I held on to the ends of both strings and tugged them slowly. I could feel the strings come undone with the tension released.
With my fingers still holding both strings, I boldly pulled them along her neck to the front, then to her collarbone, and finally over her breasts to reveal her chest.
It was one of those moments when time seemed to stop as I stared at her naked chest. Her tits were magnificent. Definitely swimsuit model worthy. They looked so fleshy and full and soft. Very nice tits, indeed, and they were fully tanned like the rest of the girls. Her E-cup breasts did seem much bigger than the rest of the girls, tear-drop shaped like Lisa, though they sagged a little. Just a little, probably due to their weight.
"You can touch them later, but could you remove the rest of my clothes? I want to get into the tub." Molly said.
I didn't know how long I was staring at her chest. I glanced at Ezra, who was smirking a little at me. "Uh, right."
With the top of her romper hanging from the waist, I gripped the material at her hips, and just before I pulled it down, I wondered if she wasn't wearing panties.
I swallowed hard as I bent forward and swiftly pulled the rest of her romper down. I wasn't sure if I was happy or disappointed with what I saw. It turned out that she wasn't naked but was wearing a pink bikini bottom. The material looked thin and slightly translucent. I could make out her prominent camel toe poking at the bottom of her crotch. I was left staring while bending in an awkward position.
"You can take off the rest later," Molly said. "I want to get into the tub."
I pulled the rest of her romper to her feet and allowed Molly to get out of it. Molly gripped my arm again and entered the tub before pulling me along. Once we had sat down side by side, Molly moved my arm over her opposite shoulder and left my hand dangling inches in front of her tits. Then she relaxed her body into mine with a sigh.
"Ouh, this feels so good," Molly exclaimed.
"I'm sure Ken would love for you to be here more often," Ezra said as she entered the tub and sat on my other side, pressing her body against mine.
"I just might," Molly simply said.
I wondered if I was actually allowed to touch Molly's tits. The desire to feel up her breast was growing increasingly by the moment, especially getting teased throughout lunch. All I needed to do was move my hand down just a little. Besides, Ezra did say I should take more initiative...
Brad and Tony chose the moment to appear from the stairs, dressed in beach shorts. My anxiety spiked a little, wondering how Brad would feel about me groping his girlfriend, but Brad and Tony still appeared in deep conversation. They had been continuously discussing business and parties since lunch. I didn't know how they could be so deep in conversations with four hot girls around. It must be nice to be used to seeing hot college girls often to the point it didn't catch your attention anymore.
As I watched Brad and Tony walk toward the champagne behind the tub, I noticed that Lisa and Denise had taken off their bikini tops. Seeing that, Ezra also decided to undo her top and threw it on the floor.
Four lovely sets of breasts were on display, with the girls' bottoms barely covering much. With all of us topless, it felt like the atmosphere had turned very sexual, especially with two sets of bare tits pressing on either side of me. My anticipation for what was to come was rising, drowning out whatever anxiety I had felt moments before.
I even took a few moments to admire Brad's and Tony's well-sculpted topless bodies while mentally cursing myself for wearing tight swim shorts instead of looser beach shorts which could have hidden my erection better. Brad and Tony had the kind of bodies that would cause girls' heads to turn at the beach, maybe even causing the more daring ones to wolf-whistle at them. I certainly had seen bikini-clad girls making passes at Tony..
I wondered if Molly could sense my thoughts, for she placed her hand on my chest and stroked it gently. "Ezzi didn't tell me what a hottie you are, Kenny. You look like a little sexy gymnast. Our sorority sisters would dig that."
Besides Brad, Molly seemed to prefer giving everyone nicknames ending with a "y" or "I" sound, especially when she was being playful or teasing. Ezra was Ezzi, Lisa was Lizzi. She liked calling me Kenny, although I generally disliked that, which Lisa had told her. Molly called Denise "Deni," much to Denise's frustration.
"Uh, thanks," I replied. I was becoming relatively lean and pleased with my progress in the gym, so I was starting to get more comfortable with my body. My chest was filling out, and my stomach showed signs of my abs developing. Though compared to all the sexy people on the roof, I was a little self-conscious. Apart from me, the rest of them looked like they could be appearing at a model's party.
Still, with the attention I had been getting from the girls, including Molly, I guessed I shouldn't have any complaints.
----
"I hope you don't take offense to my conversation with Deni earlier," Molly said more seriously, "We're just teasing each other. She's a good friend of mine."
"Oh, no offense taken. I'm, uh, used to Denise talking like that," I said.
"You should watch the two of them going to a club and seeing how many girls they could seduce for steamy sex," Ezra said.
"Heh, I seem to remember you doing not too bad yourself, Ezzi," Molly replied. "Oh, we should organize an outing soon!" Turning to me, she added, "You should come as well, of course."
"You might need to seduce Ken first," Ezra said.
"I've been trying!" Molly exclaimed, giving a faux pout. Turning to me again, "Do you not like my breasts?" Molly looked down at her bikini, prompting me to look as well.
"Erm... they are... very nice."
"Then why have you not been looking at them?"
"Uh, I... I'm not sure whether it's polite to look or not."
"Awww... well, I'm giving you my explicit permission to look. You can touch them as well if you want."
"Uh, thanks."
Molly laughed. I was about to ask her why she was laughing when she asked Ezra, "Ezzi, how come you've not introduced me to Kenny before? It's not like you to hog yummy guys like that."
"I would have, eventually," Ezra said with a chuckle. "I think he would make a great host for NCP and NTP."
"I was just thinking the same!" Molly said. "I have been brushing my tits against him for the past fifteen minutes, but he hasn't even tried groping them once. Didn't even check them at all!"
I did check them out. It was hard not to, although I tried my best to refrain from staring. "NCP and NTP?" I asked.
"Naked Cuddle Party!" Molly said. "NTP stands for Naked Tantric Party. I try to host them at least once a week."
Sensing my confusion, Ezra explained," Molly's a board member and advisor for La Pute. Her primary role is as a recruiter. She regularly hosts events for members to interact while also serving as a way to recruit new members. Her most popular weekly events are NCP and NTP."
That probably explained why I was somewhat at ease around Molly. She was used to meeting new people and making them comfortable enough to recruit them. "So, uh, people don't wear clothes during the party?" I asked.
"Are you disappointed or not disappointed that people get naked during the party?" Molly teased.
Ezra chuckled. "The party usually starts with attendees wearing clothes. They can take off their clothes once they get more comfortable. Though before the end of the night, everyone would be naked."
"Do... uh... do they have sex during the event?"
"It depends. There are different levels to these parties," Ezra replied. She explained that the primary purpose of NCP and NTP was to emphasize consensual physical touch and intimacy without sexual intercourse.
Initially, NCP was to help women to be comfortable naked and cuddle with each other whenever they're comfortable. "Our need for companionship and the desire for physical intimacy could sometimes cause women to stay in abusive or dysfunctional relationships, engage in casual sex, or do non-beneficial things that they wouldn't otherwise do," Ezra said. "There are many social, psychological, and health benefits for two platonic people to cuddle with no expectation of sex and relationship."
At its inception, NCP had a strict policy of no kissing, groping, or touching of genitals. However, there had been many requests to allow some of these for these parties, so the parties had been categorized into different levels, similar to the baseball analogy.
NCP1 allowed just cuddling and non-sexual touches. NCP2 allowed kissing and touching of breasts. NCP3 allowed light touching of genitals without penetration.
I wondered why there was a need to have so many distinctions between the levels, but Ezra explained these are just guides to let the participants know what to expect and how to behave.
"The most important thing for the participants is to be comfortable," Molly added. "That's why we lay out the expectation up front and kick out anyone breaking the rules. Continuous rule-breakers are banned from our parties."
NTP was a progression from NCP. NTP1 allowed touching and stroking of genitals. NTP2 allowed tantric sex and penetration without orgasm or ejaculation. NTP3 onward usually ended in full sexual intercourse and orgies.
"Sex without orgasm or ejaculation?" I interjected. "That's... "
The two girls giggled. "Finding male hosts for these parties is always challenging for us," Molly said. "Not many men have the ability or patience to be inside different vaginas in a party full of naked women and not ejaculate for hours."
"Male hosts?"
"The events are for women only," Molly added, "but we usually try to find male hosts who are willing to allow women to touch, cuddle and explore their naked bodies in a safe and comfortable setting without doing anything or expecting sex in return. Some women also only prefer to cuddle with men instead of with other women. You will be perfect for it!"
"How many male hosts usually attend the parties?" I asked.
"As many as we could find, with an ideal ratio of two-to-one female to male attendees," Molly replied, "but most of our regular male hosts have graduated, so for this semester, we would be lucky to find two or three per party. Recently it's only Brad. We're constantly looking for men who fit our requirements. What do you say, Ken? Wanna attend a party full of naked college girls?"
"So the male hosts will just stand there naked like a mannequin and let the women touch them?"
You will be seated comfortably and allow naked women to interact with and touch you if they're comfortable to do so." Molly said, constantly emphasizing the word "naked."
The thought of being at a party filled with naked women was arousing, but allowing them to touch me? "I'm not sure if I would be comfortable with that," I said.
"The number one rule for the NCP is consent and comfort," Ezra said. "Consent works both ways. The girls would ask you for permission before kissing or touching you."
"But male hosts generally don't mind being touched by naked girls!" Molly said. "Do you?"
I wanted to say, "it depends on the girl," but that sounded a little misogynistic. So I went a different direction instead. "There's no sex at all during the party?" I asked.
"There is full penetrative sex of various kinds for the tantric parties," Ezra said.
Molly added, "For NCP, we discourage sexual intercourse. If the attendees really want to have sex, they can leave the party. Though they are free to have sex after the party officially ends. Male hosts tend to have a lot of requests for sex."
"I don't think I can be in a room full of naked girls and not want to have sex for hours," I admitted.
The girls laughed. "It's normal to be aroused during the party," Ezra said. "It can also be thrilling for girls to see a man erect, knowing they caused it, but the point is you won't try to seduce, initiate or pressure them to have sex just because you want to."
"Depending on the attendees, their comfort levels, and how the parties progress, sometimes we allow the NCP to progress to the next level with more sexual activities," Molly said. "Some girls would also wait for most of the attendees to leave until the regulars are left and turn it into a sex party."
"Some regulars also only turn up late and attend the after-party activities," Ezra added, causing both of them to chuckle again.
"Who attends this party?" I asked.
"All sorts of people. Lesbians or bi wanting to perv on naked girls, inexperienced girls interested to learn more about both women's men's bodies, exhibitionists and voyeurs, girls wanting to explore their sexualities, and girls who are simply curious," Molly said. "Once they are comfortable with the idea of being naked, it's more or less a social event where people hang out like a normal gathering."
"Curious about what?" I asked.
"Could be anything," Ezra replied. "Curious about being naked with strangers, curious about men or other women's bodies, curious about La Pute in general. Some girls attend to make friends and find out more about La Pute."
"We do attract a lot of hot girls that Denise loves to fuck," Molly said.
"Attractiveness is not a requirement, of course," Ezra said, "but I think these naked parties tend to attract girls who are more confident with their bodies. So they are usually more attractive."
I guessed this was why the girls were so comfortable with each other and nudity. I wondered why I had not heard about NCP and NTP before. I heard Denise and Lisa discussing parties, but I had always assumed they were either normal college parties or swingers' parties. I also guessed they didn't bother telling me about it because I dislike parties and don't like hearing about what happened at parties with sexual elements. The image of Lisa naked with other people was always too torturous to bear, but I might have to rethink that if it was just with naked girls...
"Do Lisa and Denise attend these parties?" I asked.
"Lisa's seldom involved in La Pute events. Denise used to attend often, but she's semi-banned from NCP," Ezra said with a chuckle.
"Why's that?" I asked.
"Deni's always trying to seduce girls to fuck," Molly said. "I always end up kicking her out."
I laughed. That sure sounded like Denise. "Does Tony attend this as a host?" I asked.
"Rarely for NCP," Ezra said. "Tony's participation tends to cause very extreme reactions. Girls would either be terrified of his monster cock or want to jump his bones immediately. It doesn't create an ideal atmosphere."
"You, on the other hand, Kenny, would make a lovely host. Non-intimidating, patient, and non-pressuring to be around," Molly said. I wondered if Molly was just testing me all this time to see if I was a suitable candidate as a male host. That seemed more likely than the idea that she wanted to have sex with me.
"I do think NCP would help with the fear of intimacy, Ken," Ezra said. "Even if you don't cuddle with anyone, it would help you be comfortable around naked girls."
"Or just meet more girls in general," Molly said. "There will be plenty who would love to be naked with you. We usually host a few parties a week. You should join us!"
"Uh, I generally dislike attending parties," I said, despite liking the idea of being around naked girls.
"We can keep the party small, so it's less intimidating for you," Molly said. "Though generally, it's actually less intimidating when more people are around."
"Really?" I asked.
"Yep," Molly answered. "When more people are around, on average, there's less attention on any one individual. You can also hide in the crowd in a room full of people. When there are fewer people, there will be more attention on each attendee and might make some more self-conscious."
"Right, it makes sense," I said. I could totally relate to the concept of hiding in the crowd in a room full of people.
"Alternatively, you can just come for our play party," Molly said. "More commonly known as sex parties."
"I've heard of those," I said.
"Then you should come! Lizzi, Deni, and Tony love to join us! Why haven't you?" Molly asked.
"Uh... do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" I abruptly changed the topic.
Molly didn't comment on the abrupt change. "Only if I get one as well in return." She smiled teasingly.
"Uh, sure. Um, you and Brad are swingers, right?"
"Yep, we are," Molly confirmed.
"Does it bother you whenever Brad has sex with other girls?"
"That's two questions."
"Uh, sorry, I—"
Molly laughed. "I was just teasing you, Kenny." She laughed again. "To answer your question, have you heard of compersion?"
"Yeah, I understand the theory," I said. Compersion is loosely defined as the opposite of jealousy. Instead of feeling upset or threatened when your partner romantically or sexually interacts with another person, you feel a sense of happiness for them. Sounds good in theory, but I had no idea how to apply it. "But how do you do that in practice?" I asked.
"Let's take eating, for example. Let's say you and your girlfriend are starving, and only one piece of taco is left. Assuming you can't share, would you allow her to eat the last taco even if it would make you miserable?"
If Denise were my girlfriend, she would just eat the last taco without sharing it with me. If it's Lisa...
"Yeah, I would," I said.
"Why?" Molly asked.
"Because I love her?" I said.
"So you're willing to sacrifice yourself to make her happy?" Molly asked.
"Yeah."
"That sums up what compersion is," Molly said. "It's a simplified analogy, but the main idea is the same. It's learning to be happy for someone despite your negative feelings."
"A lot of times," Ezra added, "focusing less on yourself and more on others helps a lot. Using Molly's analogy, you could choose to focus on your hunger and get angry, or you can focus on the fact that your girlfriend is satisfied after eating that piece of taco and being happy about it. Deciding to be happy for others can help with jealousy.
"But will the jealousy feeling ever go away?" I asked.
"I'm actually the wrong person to ask," Molly replied. "I've always been non-monogamous. I had to persuade Brad to swing. He's reluctant at first, but now he enjoys it."
"So Brad doesn't get jealous at all?" I asked. Brad seemed like more of a sensitive guy as compared to Tony. There weren't a lot of things that affected Tony emotionally.
"Brad allows me to swing, but he doesn't swing as much," Molly answered. "He's more of a monogamous person but doesn't mind if I have sex with others. Brad enjoys emotional intimacy more than just sex. Though to some people, emotional intimacy with someone other than your partner might also be considered swinging, or in the case of a monogamous relationship, cheating."
I noticed Molly didn't answer my question about whether Brad felt jealous. Allowing her to swing and accepting it was different from being fully fine with it.
The idea of emotional intimacy as swinging was intriguing, but I guessed it also made sense, as conservative people would consider that cheating. Many people say it's less painful when their partners cheat on them with sex, but no emotional connections are involved. "How did you convince him initially?" I asked.
"Brad has many physically platonic girlfriends whom he's emotionally intimate with," Molly said. "His ex-girlfriends often complain about that. I get jealous sometimes, too, when Brad spends the whole night texting a girl as though they are in love, even though they are not physically or having sex with each other."
"What did you do about that?" I asked.
"Understanding the root cause of jealousy helps," Molly replied. "Sometimes I feel he doesn't care for me as much as other girls. Other times I'm worried that he might leave me. So communicating these things to your partner is important. Along the same line, I realize that when I have my own issues or the relationship has issues, sex outside of our relationship might magnify the problem, but not be the cause of it."
"I don't fully understand what you mean by that," I admitted.
"If I'm feeling insecure or there's a lack of trust in the relationship," Molly said, "then swinging isn't the problem. Even if we're fully monogamous, our relationship will always have problems because of these issues. Many girls feel jealous whenever they see their partners talk to other girls, but it's mostly because of their insecurity. Many couples break up after their partners cheat on them, but the cheating is often what broke the camel's back, not the sole cause of the breakup."
"I get it now," I stated, "but what about a good relationship that broke up because of cheating?"
"It depends on the reasons for the cheating," Ezra decided to answer. "Some people cheat because they feel unfilled in their relationship, whether it's sexual needs, emotional needs, or otherwise. Some people cheat because they need validation or feel bored or lonely. Some people struggle to be monogamous. These are all issues in the relationship, even when cheating is not involved."
"Right. That, uh, makes sense."
"When it comes from a place of love," Ezra added, "and when there's good communication and trust in the relationship, swinging actually helps to strengthen it."
"Like how?" I asked. I was getting a lecture on non-monogamy.
"For instance, I frequently crave kinky sex," Molly said. "I love getting fucked like the dirty little slut that I am. I get off on knowing that the guy used me as his personal sex slave, solely for his pleasure and nothing else."
Molly went on to give several examples of what she liked: getting her to strip naked in public settings, playing with herself and giving him a blowjob while driving; groping her when they were alone in the elevator; dragging her into an empty bathroom or classroom and creampie inside her, stroking her in public places and making her come in a room full of people, 'forcing' her to fuck his friends when they come over; ordering her to wear very short skirts with no panties in public and fucking her whenever he feels like it, and many more.
"Brad tries to fulfill these kinks of mine, but he doesn't enjoy them. He doesn't even like anal sex, though he tries to accommodate me. Swinging allows me to fulfill these needs. I'm happier because of that. Brad is happier, too, since he doesn't feel forced to do these things for me as long as jealousy doesn't get in the way. Jealousy still appears from time to time, but we openly talk about it. We're both happier in the relationship and love each other even more because we swing."
Hearing her describe these sexual acts got me painfully hard again. I tried to close my legs to make it less obvious, but it was too late. Her eyes widened, and her lips turned into a grin as she looked at my crotch.
"Seems like you would enjoy those activities I mentioned, huh?" Molly smirked.
"Uh..." Once again, I was caught off guard by how direct the girls in my orbit were. Were all the girls in La Pute like that? "I think that, uh, many guys would be glad to do those with you."
"Does that include you?" Molly asked.
"Erm... I mean... you're so... sexy. Anyone would."
"Well, I've tried it with several guys, but they don't know how to be a good Dom."
"A good Dom?" I asked.
"Dominant," Ezra replied. "It requires a lot of work and responsibilities."
"Really? How so?" I asked.
"Many men like the idea of dominating women," Ezra explained, "but the truth is being a good Dom is a great responsibility."
"Really? I asked.
"It's not just about maximizing the pleasure on the dominant's end," Ezra answered, "regardless of how the submissive feels. In fact, a good dominant must always be consciously aware of how the submissive feels at all times. It can require a lot of effort. Knowing when and where to push, slow down, and stop. Being submissive is usually easier for a switch that does both because it requires less work. Being a good dominant is a real responsibility."
"That makes sense... in a way," I said.
"I actually think you would make a good dom, Ken," Ezra said.
"I don't know anything about being one."
"A big reason why girls enjoy having sex with you is that you are generous, patient, and attentive in bed. You care a lot about your partner's pleasure."
I always felt more like a submissive with Lisa and Denise, always obeying whatever they instructed. "Uh, I just do whatever they ask me to do," I said.
"That's always a good start. You could learn to be more commanding and take control while still giving your partners what they want."
"Do you have an example of that?"
"I can teach you more if you're interested," Ezra replied, "but you doing Denise here on the rooftop in broad daylight, in full view of the neighbors, while she's in her dress, is a good example."
"Why is that a good—" I started to ask.
"Wait-wait-wait-wait!" Molly interrupted. "You did Denise here? When she was still wearing a dress? During the day?"
"A couple of times in full view of the neighbors, I heard," Ezra said.
"That's not—" I started to protest, but Molly interrupted again.
"OH MY GOD, EZZI! You better not be saying that just to tease me!" Molly exclaimed.
I was taken aback by Molly's reaction. I would have thought that only adult actresses acted that way in porn films.
Ezra's grin grew. "Denise said those orgasms always killed her, but you know what's the best part?"
"W-what?" Molly panted.
"Ken loves fucking girls with their dresses and heels on."
"Wi-with heels?"
Ezra turned to me. "Ken? Do you enjoy fucking girls with their dresses and heels on?"
I swallowed forcefully. "I-I guess." My face was burning up again.
Molly's breathing got heavier. She looked like she was hyperventilating. Her confident voice suddenly turned meek when she spoke again. "Is Ken going to fuck you all like that later?"
"I think Lisa has something like that planned," Ezra grinned.
"Can I join?" Molly asked, rather meekly, a stark difference from her usual confidence.
"Well, you need to ask Lisa," Ezra said.
Molly abruptly stood up, got out of the tub, and rushed to Lisa by the pool with Denise. Ezra chuckled as she watched. But not me. I wasn't sure I could survive having sex with four girls today, even with their dresses on.
"It seems like you and Molly match up rather well in terms of kink," Ezra said. "She's a good person to explore your kinky side."
"My kinky side? Like what?" I asked. I didn't think I was kinky.
"The general definition of kinky is non-traditional sexual practices. Activities like anal sex and exhibition sex on the rooftop, and your favorite -- fucking girls when they were still in their dresses."
"That's not my favorite," I protested. "Uh, I mean, I do like it, but not much more than others."
"I heard you come easier whenever you fuck Denise in her dress on the roof," Ezra grinned.
"That's, uh, I..." I stammered.
"There's no need to be ashamed, Ken," Ezra reassured me. "It's not a bad thing. Girls like Molly like kinky stuff too. Anything that helps you enjoy yourself and get off easier is good, especially for you who could only come in certain situations or positions."
"Uh, right," I said. "I don't know why that's the case, though."
"It's likely a combination of several reasons. Denise figured out that putting you in a mental space where you're fully in control and dominant helps you to be more comfortable sexually. The taboo nature of kinky sex also seems to get you going. As for fucking girls in their dresses, especially on the rooftop here, it could be either the thrill of exhibitionist sex or to help you mentally separate the sexual act from intimacy."
I was starting to understand why Denise could get me to come apart from my favorite sex position, but Lisa couldn't, even after she tried replicating it. "Separating the sexual act from intimacy? Is that a bad thing?" I asked.
"Not necessarily. It might be a problem for some people, but it seems to work out well for you," Ezra said. "Fear of physical intimacy can come from the fear of being mentally and emotionally close to others. When you're naked, you feel vulnerable and exposed. Your anxiety might start to rise.
"It's the same with your fear of eye contact. While there could be different reasons that cause fear of eye contact, some people who experience it feel vulnerable and very self-conscious, which provokes anxiety, but when you're having sex with a girl with her dress still on, it's just a purely physical act that has less to do with intimacy. You feel less exposed. The lack of bare-skin exposure helps with that. With less anxiety, the thrill of the taboo act and the emphasis on the pure physical sensation help you to come easier. At least that's what I think it is."
Connecting what Ezra had just said with what she did with me in the morning, especially the initial part on the couch where she took off her panties and straddled me with her dress still on, was starting to make sense. I wondered if she did all these things instinctively or if she did these intentionally with these ideas in mind.
A burst of high-pitch giggling caught our attention, and I turned to look at Lisa, Denise, and Molly. They were laughing, then Molly pulled Lisa in for a kiss, with their breasts pressing against each other. It seemed like Molly wasn't trying to be intentionally sexual, but it was still erotic to watch.
I watched for a while until the three girls resumed talking again before turning back to Ezra. "Um... Are all the girls in La Pute like that?" I asked.
"Like what?" Ezra asked.
"Like... confident and... expressive in what they want."
"In sex?" Ezra asked. I nodded. "We encourage our sorority sisters to be. Although it needs to be expressed in the right company."
"The right company?"
"Imagine Molly, looking the way she is, wearing a sexy dress and behaving like this in a club. She will get harassed all night to no end."
"Right. I'm still not used to seeing how comfortable the girls are with casual sex."
"As long as girls are safe, comfortable, protected, and don't knowingly hurt anyone, why shouldn't they enjoy casual sex? There are many benefits to having sex, not just personal, but to society as well. The world will be a much better place if more people are having consensual casual sex."
"That sounds like a nice world to live in," I admitted.
"But for that to happen, men must also change," Ezra said.
"In what way?" I asked.
"Earlier, we talked about the difference between desire and intention. Molly's so aroused right now that you can drag her to your room and fuck her senseless. She would probably enjoy it, but just because she's aroused doesn't give you permission to fuck her until she gives her consent."
"Yeah, definitely."
"That's why we introduce Stud Status in La Pute, letting girls know which men are good enough to fuck. It's also a way to reward men for good behavior."
"Is everyone in La Pute comfortable with swinging and non-monogamy?"
"It's a belief I'm trying to promote, although the girls don't have to believe that to join our sorority."
"Is it easy to convince people of this belief?"
"Once they see it's much better for their relationship."
"You really believe that?"
"ENM, or ethical non-monogamy, requires a lot of empathy, compassion, trust, communication, maturity, self-awareness, and love. Take Brad and Molly, for example. They love each other greatly but can't fulfill their partner's needs. Brad enjoys having non-sexual emotional connections and intimacy with other girls. Molly has sexual kinks that Brad can't fulfill. If they are monogamous, they would either need to break up or be miserably unfulfilled, but they can still be together happily by allowing and accepting that they can find people outside of their relationship to be fulfilled."
That sounds almost exactly the same as what Molly had said. "If that's the case, what's the point of being committed to a partner?"
"I'd define a life partner as someone who accepts your needs, wants, desires, feelings, and goals and then finds ways to help you to achieve them together. As the marriage vow goes, 'in richer and poorer, in sickness and in health....' As part of this, it also requires them to accept that both parties are constantly growing and changing, so the relationship must adapt and evolve along with it. These go beyond just relationship and sexual needs, but also include others like career and lifestyles."
"How would you recommend finding a partner like that?"
"For you or in general?"
"Uh, both."
"In general, I would recommend finding someone whose beliefs, values, and life goals are aligned. It takes time to see if there's compatibility, so ideally, it would be good for the couple to see if things work out between them as they grow deeper in love with each other. For you, I would recommend meeting and dating more people. Your relationship with girls is limited to just a few of us. Who knows, you might find someone else you like more than Lisa. Even if you still want to be with Lisa, perhaps you might even find a girl who accepts your love for Lisa and is willing to be with you even with Lisa and Denise in the picture."
"That's, uh, the best-case scenario. Do you know anyone like that?" I asked, hoping Ezra would volunteer herself.
"Oh, plenty," Ezra grinned. "La Pute is full of them."
"Really?" I found it hard to believe there were so many women like these around. "But they might not be interested in me," I said.
"Becoming a La Pute stud will almost guarantee them wanting to have sex with you. Then they might just be interested once they realize how wonderful you are."
I wanted to say that I didn't want girls to only be interested in me for sex, but then I felt ashamed for thinking that because I did that all the time.
"Am I interrupting?"
I looked up to see Tony standing at the edge of the hot tub.
"Not at all," Ezra said. "We're just talking about finding life partners."
"What's the conclusion?" Tony said as he stepped in. He looked at me for an answer.
"No conclusion, just food for thought," I said.
"Yeah, Ezra enjoys giving those as much as she enjoys sex," Tony said.
Ezra rolled her eyes playfully at Tony, which reminded me of Denise. Ezra never rolled her eyes at me. Tony gave a boyish smile. "Anyway, I think Lisa is getting angsty for the next part. You two look like you're in a serious conversation. Lisa is just waiting for it to end, and she's getting impatient."
I looked around for Lisa. She was talking with Denise and Molly. Brad was lying on the reclined sunbed with his eyes closed. "Um, uh... n-now?"
"Not now, but soon," Tony said. He turned to Ezra. "Lisa wants you to go over to discuss."
Ezra nodded, got up, and left the hot tub.
----
"How's it going, dude," Tony gave his usual greeting.
"All good," I said.
"You ready for later?"
"You mean the, uh, anal sex?"
"Yeah," he said with a chuckle. "I remember you referred to it as 'butt stuff' the last time. So much has changed in the last two months."
Had it already been two months since the night of the chicken fight? Two months since I had lost my virginity? Two months since I started having sex? With the amount of sex and drama I had been having, it seemed much longer than that.
"Such a pretty sight," Tony said, jerking his head toward the pool. I followed his gaze. Molly, Ezra, Lisa, and Denise were at the other end of the pool. A pretty sight, indeed. Four topless college babes, wearing just skimpy bikini bottoms. Beautiful, busty, and bisexual. All of them loved sex, and somehow they all wanted to have sex with me.
It was weird. Like I was living in a fantasy more ridiculous than a porn movie. I didn't deserve any of these except being friends with Lisa and Tony. Although, to be fair, I have been friends with them for years now, and it was only recently that I got to experience this when I decided to make a fateful decision on that fateful night. The night when everything changed. Although, one could argue that Tony had inevitably set these things in motion when he wanted all of us to move in together. Had he predicted all these would happen? I wouldn't put it past Tony. After all, he had planned for us to go to the same college even before the word "college" had entered my mind.
"You alright, dude?" Tony asked.
I peeled my eyes off the girls and looked back at him. "Yeah," I said. "Just thinking about... stuff."
"Only good things, I hope," Tony said.
"Erm, mind if I ask you a question?" I asked.
"Shoot."
"Are you really comfortable with me having sex with Lisa?"
"I thought I'd given you that answer a couple of times before, and isn't it a bit late for that now?"
"You told me that you're fine with it, but...." Tony looked at me expectantly as I tried to find the right way to say it.
"Um, what I'm really asking is you're not jealous that Lisa has sex with other guys even though she's your girlfriend?"
"Weird or not, I've never felt jealous before. Sometimes I do feel a little unhappy when I want to be with her, but she's spending time with you, but we constantly talk about it and try to accommodate each other. I remember we tried swinging with another couple, and we swapped partners. Watching Lisa having sex with another dude and seeing Lisa enjoying herself... I guess it was pretty hot. It's also nice to have a girlfriend who doesn't mind if I have sex with other girls and even joins us in bed."
"Have you always been like that?" I asked. "Not jealous, I mean."
"Ezra said I have an avoidant attachment style. I seldom feel strong emotions. If not for the fact that I care about you guys a lot, I would worry about being a psychopath... I guess with Lisa, it's different. Lisa's a special girl. She doesn't play games. She's upfront with what she wants. She tells me whenever she's unhappy. We work things out whenever we have issues."
Tony wasn't the openly affectionate sort, but I could tell he was deeply in love with Lisa.
I looked at the four almost-naked girls again, my desire for having them in my bed growing. They might as well not be wearing anything with their bikini bottoms being so tiny. Perhaps being non-monogamous was not that bad if I could enjoy more such days. I had sex three times in the morning, and I was looking forward to more. Even with Molly. She was a wet dream. Or a Playboy Playmate. I could see why she was a lingerie and swimsuit model. She had a bedroom expression that heterosexual boys would find irresistible. And her E-cup breasts -- they felt very nice when pressed against me.
Weird. A few minutes ago, I thought that I couldn't survive having sex with four girls at once. Now I was excited about it. Maybe it related to what Ezra said earlier about "arousal and excitement replacing fear."
Or maybe it was my therapy session with Ezra, if that could be considered therapy. I came out of my room a different person from the one that went in.
And then there's my growing fondness and love for Ezra. How weird to fall so easily in love with her in just a short time. The feeling of being in love felt exciting and scary at the same time. I looked at her in her white bikini and wondered if my cum was still leaking out of her. Semen could continue leaking out for hours after sex. Then I stopped myself. It was a stupid thing to be thinking about.
I looked at Lisa in her orange string bikini bottom, who happened to be laughing. She seemed so happy. So beautiful. My Lisa. My heart thumped hard just by looking at her.
Denise glanced in my direction and caught me looking. She winked at me, grabbed Molly around her hips, and pulled her in. Their breasts smashed together as Denise attacked Molly's mouth. Molly's eyes widened for an instant before she began kissing Denise back.
My erection strained against my boxers as I watched them make out passionately. It was too much. Too hot. As though Denise was reminding me she was my girlfriend. My sexy and cheeky fake girlfriend in a dark blue bikini bottom.
----
Brad had joined us in the tub and was relaxing with a glass in his hand. I continued watching the topless girls playing with each other in the afternoon sun.
Then the four girls emerged from the poolside and walked toward the stairs. Just before they headed down, they stopped and chatted among themselves. Ezra, Lisa, and Denise went down the stairs while Molly came over to us by the tub.
"Where are they going?" I asked Molly.
"Preparing for the next activity," Molly said. "I'm supposed to bring you to your room."
It seemed like the butt-stretching activity was going to start. I wondered if that included Molly. "Are you... will you be joining us?" I asked, stealing glances at Brad to see his reaction.
Molly gave a little smirk. "You'll see. Come on." She lifted her hand for me to hold.
I glanced at Brad again. He gave a warm smile and raised his glass. "Have fun, buddy."
With his permission, I grabbed Molly's hand and got myself out. Then she led me toward the stairs.
Halfway, she stopped and turned to me. "There's one last thing to do before we head down. I want to take off my bottom. Wanna help me?"
I gulped. I still couldn't get used to how comfortable Brad was with all this. I looked at Molly and gave her a nod.
There were a few ways to take off a bikini bottom. I decided on the option that felt the most enticing to me.
I lifted my hands and gripped one of the strings on both sides of her hips. Then, with my heart pounding and my cock ready to burst, I pulled both of them at the same time slowly until I felt the tension released and the back of her bottom dropped below her crotch. Then I pulled the front of her bikini down and away from her body, revealing her pussy for the first time.
Her pubic area was smooth, uniformly tanned, and hairless like the other girls. Her pussy lips were prominent, plump, and glistening. I wasn't sure if she was aroused or just wet from the pool.
I looked up and down at Molly's naked body a couple of times. She was so beautiful. So... fuckable. At the moment, if it were the choice between a threesome with the girls or fucking Molly, I would choose Molly.
"Aww, you're such a gentleman," Molly exclaimed. "It's going to be so much fun having you at our NCP."
A gentleman? From checking her out? In what universe was that considered a gentleman?
"Now, your turn," Molly said. "Take off your shorts."
"H-here?"
"Get it off," Molly said, flicking down her index finger. "Or do you prefer me to do it for you?"
This time I didn't want to look back at Tony and Brad. My horniness was overriding my mind. So I pulled my shorts down in one swift motion, aware of how my erection bounced a little as it got exposed.
Molly quickly glanced at my body once, lingering on my cock, and grabbed my hand to lead me downstairs.
Molly walked ahead of me as we moved down the stairs, likely allowing me to admire her from behind. So I did, watching her butt sway with each step and trying to catch glimpses between her legs each time she opened them. It seemed like such a juvenile thing to do, but Molly's only the fourth girl I had seen naked in real life.
Her round bubble butt was bigger and fleshier than Denise's, more like Lisa, though not as wide, and I could make out muscles underneath that flesh. Her legs, glutes, and back were also very toned, like someone who spent a lot of time in the gym working out.
My mind was so filled with lustful thoughts that I hardly noticed we got down the stairs and entered my room.
Only when I closed the door and turned around again did I notice a few things different about the room.
The first was there were large round candles on my desk and bedside. On my bed were several bottles, sex toys, rose petals, and a couple of feathers, with my bedsheet already changed.
There also seemed to be a fresh scent in the room. I wondered if that was why the girls took a while to get to the roof earlier. It was strangely romantic, which was strange because none of the girls were what I would classify as romantic. Sex with Denise and Lisa wasn't the romantic sort. There weren't candles, rose petals, or music playing. It was always, "I want to fuck." Then we fucked.
As Molly lit the candles, I walked toward the bed and surveyed the bottles. There were regular lubes, ass lubes, coconut oil, and massage oils. I didn't know ass lubes were different from the regular ones, but I guessed it came down to viscosity.
Molly got me to lie down in the middle of the bed. With my erection standing firmly in the air, I watched in anticipation as Molly sauntered toward the bed, fully exposing herself to me. Then she got on the bed, her breasts jiggling, and kneeled above my thighs with her entrance just a few inches from my cock. Molly looked at me with a seductive smile.
Was this really happening? Sex with a sexy model like Molly? I was sure boys were masturbating to Molly's pictures, and some were likely willing to give their arm to be me right now.
My thoughts turned to Brad again. Did Brad know this was happening when he told me to "enjoy"? Then to the girls. Did the girls set this up for me to have sex with Molly? Ezra certainly would approve of this idea. I wasn't sure about Denise but would Lisa mind? Lisa seemed like she would mind if we started without her.
"Uh, are we starting without the girls?" I asked.
"We're not going to fuck," Molly replied. "At least not yet."
"Oh. Then, uh, what will we be doing?"
"You don't have to sound so disappointed." Molly giggled. "Lisa said I could help you to warm up. We can start with a hug if you don't mind."
"A hug? Uh, sure."
Molly lay down entirely on top of me, pressing her tits against my chest, a lovely sensation. Though that sensation couldn't be compared to what I assumed was her pussy pressing against the shaft of my cock below.
She stretched her hands above me, reached for a pillow, and pushed it below my head such that my view was now elevated. I could look down at her comfortably at my eye level. Then she placed her hands on my chest and pushed her torso up until her nipples were barely touching me. From this position, I could easily look into her eyes and chest.
"Now we will just enjoy each other's body like this," Molly said, shifting her lower body until her legs were directly on top of mine. Taking my hands, she placed them on her back. I hugged her closer, squeezing her body into mine.
"Ezra told me that you generally dislike physical contact, but you seem to be doing well like this," Molly commented.
"This feels nice," I said, gently stroking her back. This almost felt like sex, except I wasn't inside her yet.
"Then you're going to enjoy our naked parties." Molly grinned.
"Is this what you do during those parties?"
"Only for the tantric parties," Molly replied. "We'll spend a lot of time having full physical contact with different people without penetration first, touching and massaging each other, being present and connecting mindfully, and just enjoying each other's presence without clothes on."
"What about the cuddle parties?" I asked.
"For NCP, we usually host it in the living room instead of a bedroom. Doing this on the bed can sometimes create an expectation for sex which might be uncomfortable for newcomers."
"What else do you do during these parties?" I asked.
"There are usually structured and unstructured components to these parties, depending on who's attending, the number of participants, and their experience levels, but generally, we take off our clothes, mingle, cuddle, ogle at naked bodies, and talk like what we're doing right now. You should join us!"
"Uh, I'm sure if I can maintain control with all the naked girls in the room... it's already hard enough as it is right now."
She giggled. "Some naked parties allow some touching or even petting, but it can be tricky because we don't want the party to escalate too quickly. If people start having sex, the rest of the participants might feel pressured to join. We also don't want La Pute to be known as a swinging and orgy sorority, even though we do that a lot."
"But still no penetrative sex of any kind, right?" I asked. "What if the participants really need some release during NCP?"
"If they really need to, they can go somewhere private to get off and return to the party. Or wait until after the party for the orgies."
"Are there always orgies after NCP?"
"It depends on who attends. Usually, only if everyone is comfortable and wants it. We try not to have it when there are newcomers, although they can organize one by themselves in another location if they want. Some girls can be really horny and sexually aggressive, but even these parties can still be very enjoyable, even without intercourse. Try looking into my eyes and connecting with me. Be present and feel the warmth of my body without the expectation of sex."
I was ashamed to note that I spent more time staring into her chest than looking into her eyes. So I looked into her soft gray eyes. Strangely, it was warm and inviting instead of the usual anxiety I felt with eye contact. Molly was really good with this.
"Try softening your eyes a little. Look at me instead of simply staring. Take a deep breath and follow my breathing."
I didn't know the difference between staring and looking when my vision focused on the same place, but I tried to relax my face and look at Molly as though seeing her for the first time. So gorgeous.
Maintaining eye contact and matching my breathing with hers invoked a sense of deep serenity and calmness. It felt like one of my morning meditation sessions.
"This feels like meditation," I commented.
"It's similar," Molly said. "Each time you think of sex or the pleasure from your cock, just allow the thoughts to come but focus your attention on me again."
It's challenging to prevent lustful thoughts and notice the pleasure sensation from my cock against her pussy, especially with Molly's breasts heaving against my chest, but I tried to return to the present moment each time they came.
After a while, I felt a warm feeling swelling in me. Calm, peaceful, and therapeutic. My cock was no longer throbbing and had deflated a little, though still erect. I also started having affectionate feelings toward Molly instead of only lustful thoughts. I had a growing desire to connect emotionally and intimately with her rather than just wanting to fuck the sexy bombshell.
Was I thinking of Molly as less of a sex object and more of a person? Maybe if people think of sex less often, there would be less objectification. Perhaps this was also what it meant to be intimate with someone besides just the sexual act.
I returned my mind to the present again and saw Molly smiling at me. She must have noticed I was in my head again.
Molly gave me a quick peck on my lips and then pushed herself kneeling up, and my eyes immediately went to her chest and crotch.
"My neck is starting to get a little sore, and I was supposed to warm you up and not calm you down," Molly said.
"I was just starting to enjoy cuddling with you," I said.
Molly chuckled. "Come join us for our parties then. We can do more of these."
I decided to withhold from answering that and instead asked, "uh, how are you going to warm me up?" As much as I enjoyed the cuddling, I still wanted to have sex with Molly.
Molly took the bottle of massage oil in her hands. "First, I'm going to oil you up, then give you a massage."
"You don't have to do that," I said.
"You don't want a massage?" Molly asked.
"It's not that. Uh, how about I give you one instead?"
"Are you sure you're not just trying to feel me up?"
I chuckled. "I'm good at multitasking."
Molly gave a chuckle as well. "Maybe later. Have you had a Nuru massage before?"
"I haven't. What's that?"
"It's a Japanese erotic massage, but we haven't had much time, so this is going to be a short version." She poured a copious amount of the massage oil onto her hands and began applying it to my chest. Then she poured some more and oiled up her torso, spending a long time on her chest until her tits were shiny, likely for my benefit.
Finally, she poured oil on my cock and gave it a couple of strokes to make it slick. I was back to rock-hard and was disappointed when she stopped.
Then she bent forward and began pressing her breasts against my cock. They were so soft and smooth. I thought she would give me a titty fuck when she moved upward, pressing her chest toward my pelvis, then my stomach, and ending at my chest. From there, she went back down again by pressing her tits on my cock and moving up.
I was starting to get the idea of this Nuru massage. It was very erotic and definitely helped to warm me up, whatever that actually meant.
"Uh, not to interrupt you, but is Brad really fine with you doing this to me?" I asked.
Despite Brad telling me to "have fun," I wasn't sure if he meant foursome and anal sex with Lisa, Denise, and Ezra or if he was actually telling me to have fun fucking his girlfriend. Molly said they were swingers, but she also mentioned Brad had issues with jealousy. I wasn't close to Brad, but I liked him well enough that I didn't want him to have resentment toward me.
"Yeah, he is. I spoke to him earlier," Molly assured me. "I told him I wanted you to fuck my brains out, and he said go for it. I didn't tell him about the cuddling and massage, but I don't think he would mind." She winked at me and continued on with the massage.
I gotta thank Brad later. I couldn't wait to fuck her brains out. "By the way, what did you mean earlier by saying I was a gentleman?"
"When did I say that?"
"When I removed your bikini."
"Oh, right. Well, if your goal is just to see my pussy, you would quickly pull the strings on one side to get me exposed. Another way is to pull it down to my feet, but then I would have to get out of it. The way you did it was the most comfortable for me."
I still didn't see how I was a gentleman. I felt more like a pervert instead, but I decided to let it go. Molly constantly praised me and made me feel good about myself. Like Tony, her praises were specific enough to sound genuine and often highlighted things that most people would overlook.
Molly continued, using her chest to massage the rest of my body, legs, and arms, though carefully avoiding my hands, probably to make sure I didn't grope her. In any case, I didn't mind because, after each cycle, she always returned to my cock.
Usually, the purpose of a massage is to relax the body, but this massage was anything but relaxing. I was panting with desire. It took me a lot of effort not to grind my cock against her breasts.
After another cycle that ended at my chest, Molly returned her breasts to my cock, pressing her breasts in the middle and stroking my cock up and down. Was this going to be a titty-fuck now?
It turned out it wasn't because she moved her chest back up along my torso again. Then I felt her pussy pressing down against my shaft while her breasts rubbed against my chest. I groaned in pleasure as she began using her folds to stroke up and down from the base to just below the head.
I was excited about what was to come next. It seemed like I might finally be inside her. Then she sat back up and rested her entrance just below the head of my cock.
She looked at me and said, "Are you warmed up enough for sex yet?"
"Yes..." I groaned, pushing my cock against her.
"Time to move on to the next part then," Molly said as she slowly lifted her hips up, with my cock rising with her, pressing against her folds until the tip of the head was positioned at her entrance.
Then she lowered her hips a little, and the tip of my cock sank easily into her. Only half an inch went in, but I could already feel her warmth. She was already wet and ready.
The look on her face told me she was excited, too, with her chest slightly flushed. Then, with a broad smile, she reached her right hand between her legs and gripped my shaft.
I waited in anticipation for the moment when my cock was finally buried fully inside her.
----
END NOTE: Special thanks to WildBSinTX, dougslair74, and the others who had helped with editing, proofreading, and giving me suggestions on making this story better than I ever could. Any remaining mistakes were solely mine.
Let me know if you're still enjoying RSI and want me to continue writing!