Flat Tale
Seventy-five on I-87 must be safe enough from the thieves and scammers who take advantage of travelers. I'm onto the in-city bump scams, but out here, far between cities, what can happen? I won't give them a chance to pull weapons and dump me in a ditch. I know better than to stop for any reason.

Little did simple Sam know his beliefs were about to be tested. Two miles ahead, on the shoulder, was a car with its flashers blinking and the trunk open. It was only 10 a.m. When he saw it, his paranoia insisted he change lanes to increase his distance and avoid a forced stop. As he sped by at eighty, he saw a young, attractive female crying in the driver seat. The right front of her car was lower than the rest.Nice try, lady. She's great bait, but I'm not falling for it.Sam sped on to his errand.
On the way back, hours later, he saw the car still on the shoulder. Her door was wide open, one long and sexy bare leg was outside.Tiny skirt or tiny shorts?He flashed past her before he answered his question. But that leg . . . oh, that leg, and her crop shirt made his pulse race.Maybe I should call 911? Maybe I should just turn around even if it's illegal? Cops won't charge a good Samaritan. Will they? Oh, that leg. What I can do with it on my shoulder.His dick twitched. If it could speak, he knew it would insist he explore helping her.
The more it demanded, the easier it was to find the next U-turn. He headed back at the speed limit. There was no sign of an accomplice in the car and nowhere to hide. Sam slowed, signaled, and pulled in front of the old Beemer.Short skirt and yellow panties.His dick pulsed. The busty blond ran toward him.
In one, continuous burst she squealed, "Oh thank you, thank you for stopping I've been stuck here for hours and nobody stopped to help what happened to people helping people in distress I'm so glad you stopped for me. My name is Sally." She crushed him against her warm, soft, and dense tits until she felt his stiff manhood pressing back.
"Oh my. Did I do that?" She giggled guiltily and backed off so he couldn't assume anything naughty. "My tire blew and I don't have a lug wrench. That's all I need help for, I know how to change a tire." They walked back to her car. Sam let her get ahead enough so he could watch her pert and tight ass wiggle and twist. He struggled not to drool.All that and a bag of chips! Nice ass, great legs and tits, face as pretty as Kristen Bell's. She can still be a thief.
"Sally, I didn't stop earlier because of a bad experience my friend had on the road. He stopped to help someone — not nearly as pretty as you — and he was robbed, stabbed and car jacked. I've been extra cautious ever since. I want to trust you."
He squatted by her tire and reached out to it. It was shredded. Better yet, Sally squatted by him. Staring up her tiny skirt, "Yup, it's blown bad. No saving this one." Perhaps to persuade him to be extra helpful, she left her knees apart and let him stare at her mini panties. Not that she enjoyed flashing strangers. Not that. She watched his dick twitch and smiled at her apparent conquest. She was a bit shy, yet not terribly modest. That was an important distinction to her.
After a moment of silent stares, Sally asked, "See anything you like? I mean my, umm lugs." She lost balance and fell back onto her hands, legs wide apart. Sam saw a wet spot forming between her thickening labia.
"Yes, I do, Sally. Your legs, umm lugs, are beautiful. I'm sure we can work something out. I have a star wrench in my trunk, but we'll use your jack, as long as you have a good spare tire." Her spare and jack looked good and her tits hanging out under her crop top looked better. She smiled as her nipples hardened. "Come back to my car. If I don't have my wrench, I'll give you a lift. Either way, we'll negotiate a friendly exchange once I'm sure you're not hiding a weapon."
"Where can I hide a weapon? You've been staring at my panties and tits. I know I'm a little exposed. Look." She lifted her crop top to her chin and pushed out her big, round tits.
Feeling emboldened, Sam said, "Beautiful. Give me your top and let me check." Cars gusted past creating hot blasts of wind. She gave him her top. He tossed it in his trunk and, with a broad smile, lifted her heavy tits. Sally blushed as she looked around at cars slowing then passing them as he groped her tits and rolled her stiff nipples.Small price to pay for help. My tits are always out anyway and legal in NY. So why am I still nervous and blushing with this stranger?

"Very nice. You still have two places to hide something sharp. Take off your skirt and panties." Sally stared at him, eyes wide. Traffic still shot by noisily. "Are you suddenly shy?"
"You can see there's nothing in my panties but me. I'll give them to you, but I want to keep my skirt on. Cops can arrest me if my pussy isn't covered."This guy must be kidding!
"No, Sally. I need to check inside you before I feel safe. Panties and skirt or I'm leaving. Stay on the driver's side until I feel safe; then you can hide on the other side of your car."

How does he know I always wanted to be forced to be an exhibitionist? "He threatened me, officer. I had to get naked." Sure, they'll buy it."Sam, you really want me naked on the highway? I'll give you a peek behind my car and . . ."
"You heard my terms, Sally. If you were truly modest, I wouldn't have seen your panties while driving by. I know that old hitchhiker trick where you show off your beautiful legs. Of course today that's at least panties or pussy to get a second look from us. What's it going to be, naked or wait for another sucker?"
Sally puckered up as though she were distressed, yet inside she was thrilled to have an excuse to strip. She moved to Sam's driver side back door and gave him her skirt. Though blushing, she stood facing the highway in just wet panties and shoes. All drivers and Sam got a good look at the now translucent wet spot which made her swollen vulva visible. Sam licked his lips and waggled his fingers at the mini panties. Sally gulped and slid the panties off. Her auburn landing strip showed she was a bottle blond, as if that mattered any longer."Wow. You look as gorgeous naked as I hoped," whispered Sam's cock. He rubbed it and Sally worried.
"OK. Now squat down and let me check inside you." Her mind saidno waybut her sexy, naked body slid down Sam's car. Sam moved to the front door so passing drivers would have a longer look at the beautiful, naked exhibitionist. "Knees wide apart." Sally's pussy twitched and her fresh juice began to drip as Sam watched it gape open.
Her hands behind her head, she held onto his door for balance, letting her full tits clearly join her pussy in the bright afternoon sun. He squatted next to her and slid two then three fingers into her soaked snatch. Following a thorough search deep in her squelching pussy, and after she moaned and trembled, he made several trips around her stiff clit. Her clenching, orgasmic pussy left him no choice but to finally declare it safe.
Cars slowed, some honked, but that further aroused Sally. As she watched his covered cock throb, he licked and sucked two of his three wet fingers clean. "You taste delicious — sweet with a hint of tang. Don't get up yet." Sam spread her cheeks in case she hid a stiletto between them. They too were weapon free and tempting. He pressed the still wet finger against her brown hole and gently twisted it inside against little resistance. Listening to her moans with delight as he briefly probed her hot, tight rear end, he nearly forgot he was doing a cavity search for a weapon.
Her breathing ragged, she asked, "How do I know you're not concealing a thick weapon in your slacks? It's not fair for just me to be naked; shouldn't you join me so I feel safe too?" She reached out and squeezed the obvious bulge in his jeans until he agreed. After cleaning his dirtied finger with an alcohol wipe, he stripped to his jockeys and offered her his tented briefs. Sally yanked them off quickly and savored his bouncing stiffness. She pumped it several times before reminding him that they would both be arrested if a cop stopped.
Sam pulled her up and kissed her deeply, sensuously, before pulling her to the far side of the car. He fingered her as she pumped him in the sunny breeze of passing cars. "Can I trust you to be disease free," he asked. She nodded her head, but how could he know. His cock outvoted him. She guided his manhood to her hot, velvety sleeve and guided his bishop inside. They both moaned. He pulled out and bent her over the open trunk. Her full tits danced for her high speed audience as he entered her from the rear.
His first deep plunge sent his happy cock to the hilt and they paused. She smiled at the traffic; they savored the deep, hot contact. Just as he was about to cum, Sally spun and dropped to a squat and sucked his cock into her throat in one deep plunge. She hummed; he came with several loud grunts and filled her belly and mouth with his creme. When she finished lapping his cock clean, she stood and kissed him, pushing some of his creme back into his mouth. He barely noticed as he focused on making her cum. With two fingers in her pussy, he circled her clit and pressed it to make her gasp.
After bringing her close a few times, he rotated his fingers and surrounded her G before rubbing along it and shifting it gently about. She screamed and shuddered in orgasm. They hugged until she calmed. Sally caressed his semi stiff cock until she could breathe normally. "About my flat tire. Are you ready to help me change it, naked man?"
"Hmmm, yes, naked beauty. Here's my wrench. Show me how it's done while you squat and drip for me. What a beautiful, puffy pussy. Hurry, before a cop stops. Then let's pick this up over naked dinner at my place."