This story was co-written withSandy Monroe.
*
One Friday morning, mid-November, I was surprised to receive a call from Ben. With his new job in the City, I never usually heard from him during the day, and rarely saw him except at the weekends.
"Hi Ali," he said, sounding very anxious. "Are you free to talk?"
I looked around, intrigued, a little worried, but there was no one in earshot. "Yes. What's up?"
He was silent for a few seconds, which only made me more nervous. "You remember the other night?" he asked eventually.
"In the conference room?"
"Yes."
"I remember." I'd visited him in his new office, dropping in at the end of the day as everyone was heading home. We'd soon had the place to ourselves. The conference room had a large glass wall with a magnificent view across London from a height of twenty-something storeys. I stripped out of everything except my heels and insisted that Ben take advantage of me in that thrilling setting. I bent over, my breasts squashed against the polished hardwood table, and Ben took me from behind. Neither of us had a condom handy, so he fucked me in the ass while I looked out at the neighbouring office blocks, wondering whether anyone was watching us. All the way home, I'd had that exquisitely dirty sensation of cum trickling from my ass.
"We were caught on film," Ben said, interrupting my memory of this delicious encounter.
"What? How?"
"Apparently there's a secret security camera in there."
I laughed. "So now the whole office knows what a stud you are?"
"No," he said, not amused. "Just the boss, I think. He called me to come see him this morning, gave me a bollocking, said it was completely unacceptable and grounds for immediate dismissal."
I was aghast. "He fired you?"
"I really thought he was going to. But he just stood there studying me for a minute, then said, 'As it happens, I need an escort for tonight. If you'll give me your girlfriend for tonight, perhaps I can re-evaluate your performance based on hers.'"
I blinked, shocked. "What did you say?"
"Ali, if you were any other girl, I'd have said no immediately, but..." He trailed off.
"You said yes."
There was a guilty silence. "I said it was up to you," he muttered.
I sighed. Baffled. What kind of boyfriend asks his girlfriend for permission to give her to someone else. This wasn't on my list of fantasies. If I said no, would Ben lose his job? If I said yes, would Ben still respect me? More importantly, what the hell would I be getting myself into? I knew nothing about Ben's boss.
Well, that wasn't entirely true. Ben's boss was rich -- he had to be -- and unafraid to ask his employee for the use of his girlfriend, all of which reeked of power and confidence, and had done so after watching video of me getting fucked in the ass in a semi-public arena. I guess that whatever he wanted from me, it was more than a pretty girl to hang off his elbow.
"Well," I said eventually, "I can't help feeling partly responsible for this, but this has to be your decision, Ben. You will have to live with the consequences."
He breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank you, Ali. I love you. You're the best girlfriend ever."
"Let's hope you still feel that way tomorrow."
Five minutes later I received a text from him: "Car will collect you at 6.30. Wear your new black dress and my favourite heels. Have fun!"
*
I called off sick for the rest of the day. I spent the afternoon letting the professionals make me beautiful -- mani, pedi, waxing, threading, styling -- and made it home just before six. Fiona had moved out at the end of September, taken away by her new job, and I missed having her in my life. The little flat felt lonely without her, and Ben wasn't there often enough to make up for it. He wasn't there often enough to keep me properly satisfied with my love life. He was a great boyfriend, and I had no intention of cheating on him, but I'd been feeling increasingly restless of late.
This strange arrangement with his boss was something different, exciting. I felt like I was preparing for a blind date. What would he be like? Would he be a handsome-yet-damaged billionaire à la Christian Grey? The idea made me laugh, and yet a life of luxury and BDSM held a certain allure. Or would he be a brute of a man who used women for sex and I would just be a plaything to be used, abused and discarded -- which, I have to confess, was even more to my liking. My sexual fantasies can get very dark. As long as he wasn't boring. As long as he didn't do me any permanent damage. As long as the sex was safe... That was important. I have my limits.
I only had half an hour to clean up, put my make-up on and dress. At least I didn't need to decide what I was wearing. Ben had asked for my new Lipsy dress which is black with gorgeous sequined detail. Not only is it sleeveless, but it really draws attention to my breasts. It's a short dress, a very daring dress to wear without underwear, so I decided to play safe and wear a thong and some hold-ups. Finally I slipped into the black patent Pleaser Domina stripper heels that Ben bought me for my birthday and that I hadn't yet worn outside the bedroom. I hoped I wouldn't need to walk far in them.
I decided to risk going without a coat. There was a car being sent for me, after all. The weather was dry and fairly cold, but I could handle the cold if necessary. All I took was my small black handbag, just big enough for my essentials.
Finally I hastened out of the flat and down the stairs to the street, only five minutes late.
A black limousine waited immediately outside the street door. I knew immediately that it was for me, even before the door opened almost magically for me.
I peered inside nervously, but it was empty, a luxurious space of cream leather isolated from the outside world by tinted glass. The chauffeur was only dimly visible through the dark glass. He waited with infinite patience while I found the courage to step inside and take a seat, then the door closed gently by itself, and the sounds of the street were silenced.
It felt so unreal. The car seat was so comfortable I could have slept in it easily, if I weren't so nervous. The cool leather pressed against my bare thighs, and my dress barely covered anything of my cheeks. It was so quiet, even the engine, when it started, could hardly be felt.
A glass of champagne sat on a shelf near me, next to a little wooden box and a silver envelope. I opened the envelope and read the card inside:
"Tonight you are the guest and property of Mr Duncan Johnson. He will greet you on arrival. You will address him only as 'Sir'. He has a gift for you that he wishes you to wear. Apart from the dress and shoes, you may not wear anything else."
Wow. I laughed. Nothing else? In this dress? The card wasn't signed, but it was Ben's handwriting. He seemed to be enjoying giving me to his boss. Was he just selling me for his career? Or was this some cuckold fantasy he was playing out? Sighing, I kicked my shoes off and removed my hold-ups and thong, wondering just how well the chauffeur could see me.
Then I opened the box, and... Holy fuck. Holy. Fuck. A butt plug. A huge butt plug. Not novelty-monster huge, but much bigger than my usual medium-sized plug. Wearing this one would be like walking around with Ben's not-insignificant cock shoved up my ass. It was beautiful too. Black and shiny, and suspended from the drawstring was a little crystal pendant, designed to catch the light as it dangled below my wide-stretched ass.
Nestled next to it in the box was a tube of lube. I hitched up my skirt and squatted on the floor of the car. I gave the plug a liberal coating of lubricant, trying not to get my hands too messy, and squeezed more in and around the entrance of my ass. Wedging the plug between the floor and my tight ring, I lowered myself slowly. Very quickly I was being stretched wider than ever before, painfully wide, deliciously wide. My whole body was tense with the wonder of it.
Slowly I descended, slowly it penetrated, and when at last it popped into place I just sat there on the floor, with my eyes closed, delighting in being so utterly full. If the driver could see me, he would have been treated to the sight of a girl lost in pleasure, her legs wide, her ass stuffed, her bare pussy on display and very wet.
Eventually I recovered enough to adjust my dress and sit again, and I sipped champagne as we glided through the busy London streets, stopping at last outside the Theatre Royal Haymarket.
The door glided open and I stepped out, straightening my dress as I did. A tall, black man in a grey bespoke suit stood there waiting for me. Not only was he one of the tallest men I had ever seen, he had an athletic physique to go with it. His focus was absolutely on me, unashamedly studying me, his gaze lingering between my thighs. He was a beautiful man, confident, predatory.
He held out a hand in greeting. I tried to shake his hand, but he took my hand and lifted it to his lips. "Miss X--," he said. "I'm so pleased you are mine tonight. May I call you 'Ali'?"
"Please do," I replied, a little overwhelmed. "Sir," I added. He laughed, and nodded his satisfaction.
I'd had no idea Ben's boss was black. I'd never been with a black guy before. I'd long had the desire to spend a hot night with a black guy, however. I hadn't included it on my fantasy list, but I definitely had a crush on black guys.
I'd never had a black cock before. I wondered if it was true what they say about black men. The plug in my ass led me to suspect that, at least in this case, it was. I couldn't wait to find out...
Mr Johnson guided me through the crowd with his hand on the small of my back -- at least, that's where it started. As we fought against the queues, his hand steadily moved lower until his fingertips touched the bare skin of my thighs, and as we moved away from the queues his fingers moved further to feel between my cheeks, searching for the butt plug. I gasped as he found it and pushed up against it.
I had no one to protect me from this man that devoured me so hungrily with his eyes. I could, of course, have left. I could have walked away at any time. But Ben needed me to play the submissive that night. His job was on the line. And even if it hadn't been, there was something powerfully seductive about the danger I sensed. I wanted to find out what Mr Johnson wanted from me.
As we walked, we chit-chatted in that very English way about the weather, politics and celebrities. It felt like a date. It felt a bit like Richard Gere taking Julia Roberts to the opera, except I had a butt plug instead of a diamond necklace. Mr Johnson nodded to the people he knew, and clearly he was well known.
I caught many lustful and disapproving looks thrown my way -- I was showing so much skin I'm sure I looked like a prostitute, especially with the stripper heels. Between the plug filling my ass and the exhibitionist thrill of the short dress, I was too aroused to care. My inner slut was loving the attention.
At the end of the corridor, he opened a door and guided me through. It was a private box. Mr Johnson sat in the corner with his back to the grand circle of public seating, and I sat next to him. The seats were a lot more comfortable than the seats I'm used to in theatres, and we had a clear view of the stage. Two glasses of champagne sparkled merrily on the small table beside us.
Waiting for the play to start, he asked me about my work at the university and I explained about my research into medieval folklore and history. Then the lights dimmed and the play started. It was some play that I'd never heard of and can't now remember the name of. I didn't pay much attention to it at the time.
With the audience absorbed by the play, Mr Johnson whispered in my ear: "Lift your dress up around your waist and spread your legs wide."
I was not invisible. A segment of the upper circle, and much of the gallery, had a decent view of our box. The balcony walls maybe blocked the view below my waist, but I wasn't sure. There was a good chance that someone would have a good view of my exposed pussy.
I only hesitated for a second. "Yes, Sir," I whispered, and did as instructed. I carefully lifted the skirt, trying to fix it without creasing it. I shifted a bit so that I could open my legs wide, displaying my pussy to Mr Johnson and anyone else with a view. I studied the people there to see if any were looking at me, until I realised that my looking at them was actually attracting attention. I turned to watch the play instead.
I cried out softly in surprise when gentle vibrations excited my ass -- the butt plug was a vibrator! "Ssshh," somebody hissed from the other side of the wall. They heard me! I would have to be careful. I guessed Mr Johnson had a remote control in his pocket. My whole body tingled in response to the unexpected stimulation and I grabbed my breasts, squeezing them, pinching the nipples gently through the lacy fabric of my dress.
Mr Johnson reached out with one hand and ran his fingers along my thigh in teasing circles. I was freshly waxed, hairless except for a thin landing strip. His fingertips explored my labia -- I was very wet -- and circled around my clit. Very quickly I lost all sense of the play, I was focussed completely on the dance of his fingers.
As his exploring fingers learned my contours and grew more confident, he started pushing them into me, first one, then two, then pulling out to circle again about my clit, smearing my pussy juices all around. I didn't look, but I hoped that there were people watching this show. It felt so good to have those long, black fingers searching for my G-spot. He found it easily and circled on it with his long, thick, black fingers. It was so good I had to bite my own hands to mute my groans. He even touched the butt plug vibrating in my ass through the thin wall separating my ass and my pussy.
He fingered me with abandon. The combination of clitoral stimulation, the butt plug vibrating in my ass and being finger fucked in public was too exciting. My climax, when it came, came swiftly and unexpectedly, and the huge plug vibrating in my ass made my orgasm so much stronger than usual. I grabbed hold of Mr Johnson's shoulder with one hand and the seat back with the other as my body rocked through a series of intense contractions and I tried desperately not to make any noise. My juices poured out over his hand, splashing onto the floor, while my muscles clenched about his fingers.
Mr Johnson pulled his fingers out and wiped them on my thigh, then picked up his champagne and ignored me while I sat there recovering, my shame exposed to all who wished to see. The vibrations were switched off, thankfully. I hoped no one had heard us. And also I hoped they had. I felt like such a wanton slut, and very proud of myself for it.
During the interval we went outside for a breath of fresh air, but not for long. It was dark and cold, although lively enough. It was strange and exciting being with someone so different. All my boyfriends had been white-British, and certainly none had towered over me the way Mr Johnson did. Even in my six inch heels my eyes were at the level of his chin.
Mr Johnson stopped and took my hands in his. His dark, possessive eyes looked down into mine. I wondered if he was about to kiss me. The thought made me tingle with anticipation. "You're a very interesting girl, Ali," he said.
"Thank you, Sir."
"I was surprised that Ben was willing to give you to me. I think I'm even more surprised now." He bent to kiss my cheek, and murmured in my ear, "If you were mine, I wouldn't let anyone touch you."
I pulled away and looked at him sternly. "I don't think I'd like that, Sir. I don't think any one man could satisfy me, even you. Sir."
He grinned suddenly. "I'd say I'd like to try!" He turned serious and added, "but the truth is I'm travelling so much you'd hardly ever see me."
"That wouldn't be acceptable, Sir."
"No." For the first time that evening he didn't exude absolute confidence. "But I'd love to make this a regular thing. Would Ben be willing to give you to me on a regular basis? Maybe one night a month?"
Echoing his earlier move, I kissed his cheek, and murmured in his ear, "It's not Ben who decides that, Sir."
His eyes lit up and he smiled at me. "Indeed? So how can I persuade you?"
I smiled back. "Let's consider tonight a performance evaluation. If all goes well..." I winked at him and turned to go back to the theatre. The interval bell was ringing, summoning us back for Round 2.
At first it seemed that Mr Johnson was content just to watch the play. I tried to follow it, but it was confusing and I was soon bored. I wanted to be one of the players in the night's entertainment, not a spectator. I placed my hand on Mr Johnson's crotch and caressed the hard bulge concealed by the fabric.
Mr Johnson took my hand and moved it away. "If you're so desperate for it," he whispered in my ear, "get on your knees and use your mouth."
"Yes, Sir," I whispered back. "Thank you, Sir."
I quickly slipped from my chair to my knees, in front of Mr Johnson. I looked up into his eyes -- he was watching the stage just like the rest of the audience.
I opened his belt and unzipped his fly, and untangled his cock from his boxer shorts. It was semi-erect but it was huge already. I grabbed it gently and licked it over. Mr Johnson shifted a bit in this chair but was still watching the play. I could feel his cock stiffening and throbbing in my hand.
I took its head in my mouth and stopped. I did nothing, just enjoyed this huge cock head between my lips. Then I slowly licked his head over, twirling my tongue. As I worked on his member, it became fully erect. It wasn't the longest I'd ever met, but it was still a respectable length, certainly longer than Ben's. But it was, without question, the thickest cock I had ever seen in real life. If I had met Mr Johnson a year ago, I would have been terrified of his cock. Now, though, the thought of it stretching me, fucking me, made me burn with hunger.
My pussy was getting wet again. There I was, on my knees in this fancy theatre, in front of this huge black guy, and his huge black cock was standing in my hands, his cock head in my mouth, and at first sight, he was totally ignoring me, he was watching the play on the stage.
Well, that had to change. I started to bob my head up and down his huge cock. I managed to shove half of his huge cock into my mouth. It filled my mouth, just as my ass was filled.
I looked up at him again. This time his eyes were closed and he enjoyed me sucking his cock, leaning back into his chair. I closed my eyes as well for a moment, and stopped, enjoying his cock throbbing in my mouth. It was so hot to have it between my lips. I sucked it like this for a moment, then I started bobbing again.
I felt him reaching into my hair. He grabbed my head and pulled me back. For a moment, I thought I had disappointed him, but then I saw the lust in his eyes. He slipped forward in his chair, and grabbed his cock in front of my face. He slapped my cheeks with his cock head, wet with my saliva, which made me giggle.
"Ssshh," I heard a lady hissing, again. Somebody else was coughing, disturbed. But I didn't care. I felt like this was the night of my life.
He touched my lips with his cock head, then pulled back slightly. I looked at him, smiling. He wasn't looking into my eyes; he was watching in awe how my saliva was glistening on his black cock. He touched my lips with his huge black cock again, this time moving it around on them like a lollipop. I pushed my tongue to it just as I would taste a bit of candy.
Mr Johnson smiled and pushed my head back onto his cock. He grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth. His cock pushed against my throat again and again. I controlled the gag response, controlled my breathing, tried to deep throat him, but he was so thick!
I wondered how many other girls he had brought to this box. How many white girls. Was I the first? Had he bought vibrating plugs for their asses too? Had he filled their mouths with hot cum surrounded by hundreds of people? I hoped I was the first, or if not the first then at least the best. I wanted him to remember me forever, even if this was our one and only night -- and I hoped it wouldn't be.
I let him fuck my mouth just the way he wanted. My mouth was a pussy for him. I could feel his hot, throbbing cock pushing into my mouth again and again. He pushed his cock deep in my throat, held it there, then let it out, let me take and release a breath of fresh air before thrusting his cock back deep into my mouth.
I enjoyed his hot moves with eyes closed, but he pulled my cheek up a bit and I opened my eyes again. We looked into each other's eyes as he fucked my mouth. One of his large hands delved for a minute into my cleavage, grabbing my breasts, his thumb brushing against my hard, swollen nipples. They were too sensitive because of this whole evening, but I loved his harsh touch.
His breathing deepened and I sensed he was close. I sucked harder at his beautiful cock, tried to take the thick length deeper into my throat as his fingers tightened in my hair and his thrusting increased in vigour. Suddenly his cock seemed to thicken and he gasped as if in pain, forcing himself still deeper into my mouth and throat as he erupted. Quickly he pulled out a little so that the long strings of his hot, thick cum shot into my hungry mouth. I tried to swallow it all but there was so much, coming so fast, and my mouth was so full of his huge cock, that some of that precious fluid spilled out at the corners of my mouth, running down my chin, dripping onto my cleavage.
"You are amazing," Mr Johnson whispered as I cleaned his softening length with long, slow licks. "Thanks, honey."
"Thank you, Sir," I whispered back with an impish grin, and kissed the wilting head that had fucked my throat so determinedly.
"I just had to have you. Couldn't wait. But don't worry -- I will keep it up for the rest of the night."
The rest of the night? I wondered what he had in mind. I wiped the cum from my chin with a finger and sucked it off with a quiet moan of pleasure. I started to scoop up his cum from my cleavage but he stopped me. "Wait!" he whispered, staring smugly at my cum-stained breasts. "Leave it there."
"But I..."
"I want everybody to see it," he added. "I want everybody to know you're my slut."
He was asking a lot! I hoped to God I didn't meet anyone I knew. "Well, that's true, Sir," I said at last. "At least for tonight."
I could see he swallowed a hard one. He nodded. "For tonight."
*
We didn't meet anyone I knew, but I caught lots of people staring at my breasts as we walked through the crowd and out of the theatre. It was fun seeing their puzzled expressions turn to surprise, then to shock. They flinched away, ignoring me until my back was to them and they could openly whisper to their friends. "Did you see...?"
I was a slut. A card-carrying, cum-eating slut. And proud of it. Mr Johnson helped me into the limousine, and while I settled into the seat at the back he talked with the driver. I couldn't hear what they were talking about, and still hadn't actually seen the driver. Not that I cared. I looked round the inside of the car, wondering what would happen next, tingling with delicious anticipation.
"How did you like this night so far?" Mr Johnson asked, sitting down beside me a minute later. The engine had started and we were driving slowly.
"I really enjoyed it, Sir," I said. "The play was really... interesting."
"It certainly was," he said, chuckling. His finger traced around the cum on my breasts. "I enjoyed it as well."
"I got some very curious looks on our way out, Sir."
"I saw," he said, a proud grin stretched across his face. "And I'm really glad they saw it," he answered. "It felt like..."
"I'm your bitch?"
"Yeah," he said with a laugh. "What about" -- his eyes drifted down to my ass -- "my little present?"
"Little?" I giggled. "I'm not a butt plug virgin, Sir, but this was huge! I could barely fit it in and I felt it all night stretching my ass."
Mr Johnson listened to me, smiling. "Let me see it," he ordered. Slowly, I sank on all fours on the carpet floor of the limousine, and raised my ass higher to show it to him. Reaching behind me, I pulled up my short dress a bit. Mr Johnson leaned forward in his seat, and slapped my round ass cheeks with his huge black palm. I hissed but looked back at him like a bitch in heat.
"Crawl to the seat," he said hoarsely, pointing to the seat opposite his. And I did. I leaned on the cold leather seat, presenting my ass to him. Reaching behind me with both of my hands, and looking back at him hungrily, I pulled my ass cheeks apart.
"Nice," he said. "Now get it out."
I coiled a finger round the draw string that dangled from the end of the butt plug, and tugged gently. I'd got used to it during the evening, and it seemed as reluctant to come out as I was to let it out. I pulled it out slowly, and when I felt the thickest part stretching my ring, inducing a painful ecstasy, I let it rest a moment there before slipping it all the way out. I could feel my asshole gaping.
"Wow," Mr Johnson said, his eyes drinking in the sight of my open hole. "I didn't think it would fit in. I was so surprised when I felt it under your dress."
He already had his cock out. It was erect again. I decided I would give him a little show. I'd be the anal slut he wanted me to be. I kissed the black plug that had given me such pleasure and licked it all over, tasted myself. I heard a sigh from him. I closed my eyes and let the tip of the huge plug slide between my lips. I even moaned on it like a good little kitten. I let my saliva pour on the plastic, then let it out from my mouth and started licking it again.
"That's it, bitch," Mr Johnson said. "Make it clean with your cute little tongue."
I licked the plug thoroughly. I peered back to see how Mr Johnson liked the show and was satisfied with the admiration in his eyes. He was, meanwhile, stripping out his suit, revealing his magnificent, muscular chest. From time to time, his hand caressed his huge, black cock with long, slow strokes.
"Shall I put it back, Sir?" I asked cheekily, positioning the tip of the plug at my entrance.
Mr Johnson grabbed my hand firmly. "I have other plans for your ass, honey," he growled.
He pulled me towards him by my hips and pulled my ass cheeks apart. "What a gorgeous view," he said. Before I could say anything, I felt his tongue licking over my asshole. "You taste really fine," he added before slipping the tip of his tongue inside.
"You're so good, Sir," I said. And he was! He tongued my asshole all around, and used a lot of saliva to make my gaping hole wet. He thrust his whole tongue inside my ass, licking it nice and deep. I loved every minute. Is there anything quite so sexy, so darkly intimate, as a man making love to your ass with his mouth? My ass was being worshipped tonight. I was in ass heaven.
He turned me around and handed me a condom. "Roll it on."
He knew about my limits concerning safe sex. I thought about Ben for a moment, and silently thanked him for that. Although I couldn't help feeling a little disappointed. There's nothing I love more than getting my ass filled with cum. Part of me still thinks it's weird and dirty to be having anal sex at all, but I have the most amazing orgasms that way. Even so, safety first.
I opened the condom, took it out of the package, and started to roll it onto Mr Johnson's beautiful black cock. Once I'd covered the head, I pressed my lips around it and rolled it into place.
"Wow, bitch," Mr Johnson said. "Now this is something I never thought about you."
"Mmm, hmm," I moaned, my mouth full of his rock hard cock. I rolled the rubber as far as I could, then continued with my hands.
"Now please have a seat," he said.
After having his present, I was sure how he meant it. I turned with my back to him, and pressed his cock to the entrance of my ass. "Oh, wait," I said. I grabbed the little tube of lubricant that had come with the plug, and smeared the last of it around and inside the muscular ring that had tightened once more. "I don't know if it will fit," I said, turning to him wide-eyed with a look of exaggerated fear. "Please be gentle, Sir."
"I will, I promise," he said, but I didn't really think he meant it. He grabbed my waist and pulled me down onto his cock. My ass stretched wide, making me gasp, as I felt the tip of his cock entering my back door. Despite his immense size, it slipped in relatively easily, thanks to the preparation of the butt plug and the lubricated condom.
I closed my eyes and relaxed my butt cheeks as I felt the huge rod sliding up my bum. I sighed with pleasure as it slid deeper inside me then paused. The feeling of it throbbing in my ass was blissful.
"I love your sweet, tight ass, woman," Mr Johnson growled, and slapped my cheeks again. This made my whole groin move and his cock set to a different angle. I felt so full. I had never had such a huge cock in me before.
I slowly pulled my hips up, away from him, savouring the delicious sensation of his huge cock rubbing against the tight ring of my ass, until only the large head was still lodged within, then I pushed back. I let my body fall on him and he slipped deep inside me. I repeated the move, taking him almost out, then thrusting back, taking him deeper. His cock entered me again and again, pushed deeper each time, impossibly deep.
"That's it, bitch," Mr Johnson said. "Ride my cock with your sweet, tight ass!"
I barely heard him. I was utterly consumed with the need to fuck my ass with his awesome, beautiful cock. Without pausing, I pulled my dress off, so that I could grab my breasts and squeeze my nipples while I rode that black magnificence.
So I cried with frustration when he grabbed my hips suddenly and forced me to be still. He reached over to press an intercom button. "Driver," he said. "My woman needs a cock in her cunt."
I didn't feel the car stop. It had already stopped. The engine wasn't even running. I hadn't paid attention to where we were -- it didn't really matter, of course. We could have been in any part of the town. Nobody could see us through the dark windows of the limousine. They couldn't see this wonderful black man penetrating my ass with his wonderful black cock.
And then the door opened, and we were visible for a moment to anyone who looked, and certainly there were people walking past us on the pavement. But then the driver entered the back of the car, pulling the door closed behind him.
Mr Johnson started fucking my ass with long, slow strokes as I stared at the driver in confusion. "Hi, Ali!" he said, grinning.
"Ben?" I gasped, "what the fuck?" I found it difficult to speak coherently to my boyfriend while his boss was using my ass so vigorously.
"Mr Johnson offered me a chance to be a part of tonight's entertainment," he said, undressing himself quickly. "I certainly enjoyed tonight's performance."
Mr Johnson spanked my ass sharply. "No more talking," he ordered. "Ben, lie down on your back."
"Yes, Sir," he said, grinning. He reached a hand into a little bowl I hadn't noticed before and fished out a condom, and once on his back he immediately ripped open the metallic wrapper. His cock was hard already. I had always thought of it as big, but suddenly it seemed very ordinary compared to the monster currently ravaging my ass. Without pulling out of me, Mr Johnson lifted me and swivelled me around so that I straddled Ben. With Ben's help, he lowered me carefully until Ben's thick member pressed against the lips of my hungry pussy.
It wasn't the first time I'd had cocks in both my pussy and ass, but that other time the cocks had been slender creatures compared to these. It was a good thing I was so wet. I was so very, very wet, and ached to have my pussy filled, but... It was at once utterly fantastic and slightly terrifying. I did nothing to help or hinder, just hung there a little helplessly while they impaled me on Ben's welcome and familiar cock.
"Ohh, fuck!" I screamed as I climaxed, the muscles in my ass and pussy clenching tight about the invaders. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
Mr Johnson laughed. "You heard my woman, Ben," he said. "Let's give my bitch the fucking of her life."
"Yes, Sir," Ben said, and thrust up, filling and stretching every inch of my pussy.
"Fuck!" I screamed, climaxing again.
After that I seemed to be coming almost continuously while the two cocks plunged, pounded and plundered, sometimes together, sometimes one pulling out slowly while the other thrust swiftly in, sometimes one resting for a minute while the other picked up the pace.
I looked into Ben's eyes. He was watching me in awe as I was double-stuffed by him and his boss. He grabbed my head and kissed me for a few seconds as Mr Johnson thrust his cock balls-deep into my ass over and over.
"Fuck me!" I screamed, again and again. Sweat dripped from my body onto Ben's chest. Mr Johnson grabbed my breasts from behind and fucked my poor asshole with all his power.
I lost all strength in my arms and lay half-supported on my elbows, half-supported by Ben's chest. I wanted to help them, I tried to push back against them, but my body refused to move. I'd reached a state of pleasure I'd never experienced before, a sexual nirvana, that I hoped would never end.
And when at last it did, I mewled with complaint as first Mr Johnson withdrew from my ass, leaving it cruelly abandoned, empty, gaping wide as if it would never again close, and then as I was lifted off Ben's hard, thick length, leaving me doubly empty.
They lay me on my back and quickly stripped their condoms off. Kneeling either side of me, they worked their cocks with their hands. I laughed with happiness. Two beautiful cocks, one white, one black, aimed at my breasts. I knew what was coming. "Come for me, boys," I said. "Cover my tits with your cum."
I didn't have to ask twice. Ben groaned suddenly and a great spurt of thick, white cum jetted forth, sailing high across my breasts to splash across my mouth and cheek. His next spurt was better aimed, striping across my breasts. I licked his cum from my lips as his pulsing member delivered still more. The feel of his cum splashing across my skin gave me another mini-orgasm.
Mr Johnson, despite already having come once already, didn't disappoint. A huge jet of of cum shot from his black cock and splashed across my neck, and his next pulse delivered a great stripe of thick cum across both my breasts. I giggled happily and scooped some up with my fingers. "Thank you, Sir," I said.
He didn't answer, but quickly pushed his cock into my mouth and I sucked greedily at the pulsing length. Gently, slowly, I sucked him clean, which he enjoyed with his eyes closed.
Ben had watched as his boss made me suck the last drops out cum from his cock. After the huge black cock withdrew from my mouth, Ben's took its place, and I lovingly sucked this second cock also clean of delicious cum. Afterwards, the men wiped their cocks on my chest and sat back wearily in the leather chairs, while I stayed on the floor, swirling their cum around my nipples and licking it from my fingers.
Eventually, the muffled ringing of my phone brought me slowly back to reality. I reached for my handbag to find it, and to confirm the time. Before I could start to question my earlier decision, I grabbed my dress off the floor of the limousine and wriggled into it.
Mr Johnson looked at me, confused. "What are you doing?"
"This Cinderella has to go." I leaned across and kissed him. "I had a wonderful night, Sir. I hope we can do this again." I hunted around for my stuff, even shoving the jewelled plug and its remote into my bag.
"Wait," he protested. "The night has only just begun!"
"It's midnight," I said. "Sorry, Sir, I don't belong to you any more."
Ben chuckled. "That means you're mine again, Ali. Stay!"
"No, Ben. I'm sorry," I said sternly, trying to mask the sadness I felt. "You made the wrong decision tonight. I don't care that you sold me, but I do care why. I love you, Ben, but..." I wiped tears from the corners of my eyes. "Goodbye, Ben."
I opened the door and stepped out into the real world. It was cold and November-midnight dark, but this was central London and the streets were busy. I laughed to think I had just had possibly the best fucking of my life with hundreds of people passing unaware just outside.
Maybe Mr Johnson was right. Maybe the night had only just begun.
I closed the door and strutted off in search of fresh adventure.