"Wake up Vishal!" his mom hollered, shaking his shoulder.
The 18 year old stirred groggily. Was he late for school? Wait, wasn't it the weekend?
"It's Saturday, mom. Let me sleep!"
He pulled the blanket up over his head, twisting sideways to ensure that his mom wouldn't see the bulge of his morning wood.
But his mom wouldn't go away. She started tugging at his blanket.
"Vishal! Rita is coming home today for her semester break."
"So what's the big deal mom?"
He clutched his blanket, preventing her from pulling it off. Rita was his big sister who was in her second year of college. It was a residential college, but she came home for 4 weeks every December for her semester break.
"She's bringing home a friend to stay with us." She started tugging his blanket harder. "What will she think of us if you are still in bed at 10AM?!"
That got Vishal's attention and he sat up in bed, bunching his blanket around him at his waist. His morning wood was starting to subside, but he needed a few more minutes.
"She's bringing home a friend to STAY with us? Why?! How long will she be here?"
"There's some unrest in her friend's village and she can't go home for the holidays. Rita asked me if she could stay with us. Obviously, I said yes."
Vishal rolled his eyes at that. His mom wouldn't miss a chance to have more people staying with them. She grew up in a large family and kept hosting distant relatives, cooking up large feasts whenever someone came over. His mom continued.
"She's here the entire 4 weeks. Now get up and go take bath. I want you to be at your best behavior."
"OK mom, I'm going." He reluctantly got up, his erection having subsided enough to not show through his shorts.
Vishal went to the balcony to get his towel that was hanging on the clothesline. He trudged along silently, grumbling to himself at the impending disruption to his routine.
They lived in a 2-bedroom city apartment in southern India. His dad worked abroad, staying with them only 3 months a year in the summer. Even when his dad was here, he always seemed to be either in their late grandfather's village, attending to the affairs of their ancestral lands, or busy doing other real estate investment deals. Vishal was therefore usually the only male at home most of the time, and being the youngest, he was always being treated like a kid. He was a high school senior now, for crying out loud!
He hated when his sister came home and he had to share the bedroom with her again. He liked having it to himself. And now she was bringing a friend. Where would she sleep? When their relatives came over, the elders would be given Vishal and Rita's room, while the kids would sleep on mats on the floor wherever there was space, but guests usually stayed over for a few days at most. Surely his mom wouldn't make him sleep on the floor for four weeks?! He made up his mind not to give up his bed no matter what. His mom always seemed to put the needs of guests above their own though, so he was still worried.
Vishal locked the bathroom door and started taking off his clothes. When he got down to his briefs, he felt a predictable stirring in his loins. He wished he could wear boxer briefs like Rahul did, but his mom still bought him his underwear, and it was always tight white briefs. He slowly pulled them down, his penis becoming fully erect even before it sprang out of them. It always did that. He put his sister and her friend out of his mind as he thought about the movie he had watched with Rahul the previous day.
Rahul was Vishal's best friend. They'd been going to school together forever. Vishal always went to Rahul's house every Friday after school. He would go more frequently when they were younger, but school work had gotten too busy the last few years and he could only go there Fridays. Rahul's dad was quite rich, so they lived in a house in a posh area of the city. Rahul had his own room, and of late the two of them had gotten into a routine of watching an adult movie on his computer every Friday. They'd lock the door, put the volume low, turn off the lights, sit back on Rahul's bed, each boy covered in a blanket, and they'd watch the movie. They'd stay fully clothed the entire time, though it was tacitly understood that each boy would have his hands in his own pants, out of view of the other. After the movie, they would each take a long bathroom break to relieve the tension in their pants.
Vishal started to stroke his penis thinking about the movie they'd seen last night. Having never kissed a girl, let alone made out, the part that excited him the most was the scene where the actor gave the actress a massage, gradually pulling off her towel. He imagined doing that to someone, and his penis lurched. He imagined her reaching out to undo his own towel, while he squeezed her ass cheeks, and his penis throbbed. He looked down to see the view she'd have. His penis was a little under six inches long when fully erect, and it glistened with sweat from the exertion and the heavy humidity in the south Indian air. He frowned at the stubble at the base, and reached for his razor.
Ever since they'd started watching adult movies, Vishal had been intrigued by the smooth hairless genitals of the porn stars he had seen. The first time he bravely shaved his penis a year ago, it felt so good that he'd been doing it ever since. He lathered up and started shaving his pubes until they were silky smooth again. His penis had softened from the concentration. He tied his towel around his waist and mock-acted someone tugging the towel off him, revealing his smooth shaven penis. His penis was now rock hard and throbbing again.
Vishal resumed jerking off. He imagined her slowly reaching out to touch his penis while his massaging fingers crept between her thighs. He jerked furiously at his penis as he played out that scene back and forth in his head in slow motion... her reaching for his penis, him reaching for her pink folds... neither reaching their destination yet... back and forth... back and forth... and spurt after spurt, he came. He leaned against the cold tiled wall, spent and drenched in sweat. That felt good.
Vishal then took a long hot blissful shower, having forgotten all about his sister and her friend. About fifteen minutes in, he heard his mother hollering to him that he was taking too long. He reluctantly rinsed off a final time, feeling his smooth penis and balls again, and toweled himself dry. Then he tied his towel around his waist and headed out into the hallway to go to his room.
No sooner had he stepped out, when his mom saw him and called out to him.
"Come here to the hall for a minute, Vishal".
He absentmindedly took a few steps towards the living room and stopped short. His sister and her friend were sitting on the couch, looking at him. All he had on was the thin, wet, threadbare towel that he had been using for several years. His mom was standing near them and urged him to come forward.
He did, reluctantly.
"This is Rita's younger brother, Vishal", his mom said to his sister's friend. "He goes to Chettinad school."
"Hi, I'm Nisha."
"Hi", he stammered back.
"Which class?"
"Plus 2."
"Nice. Excited for college?"
He didn't respond. She was smiling at him as he stood there half naked, his towel plastered to him. She was so pretty, and she was looking at his bare chest unabashedly. He felt a stirring in his penis and began to panic. He brought his hands forward and clasped them in front of his crotch.
"He's a little shy", his mother answered for him.
"But very naughty", his sister added, glaring at him.
They were treating him like a kid again, but Nisha was still smiling at him.
"Go get dressed, Vishal. I'll bring some tea, Nisha" Mom said, and went off to the kitchen.
Vishal stood rooted to the spot, unable to move.
"Go on, Vishal. You want to be in your towel all day?!" his sister scolded him, after his mom left.
As he turned to leave, he heard Nisha telling Rita, "Don't scold him. My younger brother usually doesn't even wear that much at home".
At that, Vishal felt his penis growing into a full blown erection as he hurried to his room. He closed the door behind him, his heart pounding.