Before continuing with the story, I think a little more information is needed about the young couple. Jamie met Tammy for the first time a month after he started college. She was a nude model in the figure study photography class he was taking. The young woman was very embarrassed being nude in front of the class, as it was her first time as a model.
They have been seeing each other for about four months before Tammy met Jamie's parents. This story takes place in the southeast USA. Now we will continue with the story.
Jamie followed Tammy to her room asking. "What do you need help with?"
"I want you to help me with the poses for the class and take some photos of me. I want to see what I look like in the erotic poses, and also I want to know if I have the nerve to pose in front of a group, showing my intimate being to them."
On the way to Tammy's room, they stopped at his room, to get the camera equipment. He picked up an extra SDS card for the camera, to make sure he had enough storage for the photos he will be taking. As an afterthought he retrieved his laptop, a sixty four Meg flash drive and a USB cable, to load the photos onto his computer.
Walking into Tammy's room she said. "Close the door while I get ready, Jamie."
Turning to face his lovely friend, Jamie was just in time to see her strip out of her clothes and walk nude into the bathroom. After she disappeared into the other room, he started to set up his camera equipment and move furniture around, to make a place to photograph the young lady.
"Jamie, could you come in here please."
Dropping everything, glad he was called into the bathroom, so he could admire the lovely woman in all her naked glory he said. "What do you need?"
"How should I wear my hair?" The young woman usually wears her hair down, just below her shoulders. "You like it in a ponytail? How about my pubic hair should I trim it?" The young woman excitedly said, standing nude in the room in front of the full length mirror and Jamie.
Trying to sound professional looking at the naked young woman he said. "With your hair in a ponytail you will photograph well, as you can see your back and shoulders in the poses. As far as your pubic hair; I think you should shape it into a heart." Hoping she will agree with him. He was adjusting his pecker to a more comfortable position, as he talked to Tammy.
Looking in the mirror at her pubic area, spreading her legs a little, the young woman says. "You're right Jamie, it would be cool to have a heart pointing to my 'kitty'." Looking through the mirror at her young friend and seeing he is uncomfortable with a boner said. "Come here let me take care of your problem."
Not understanding what she was talking about he approached Tammy. When he was within arm's length, she knelt down and pulled down his board shorts all at the same time, shocking Jamie. She took his cock into her hand and was mesmerized by her friend's organ and the feel of it pulsing in her hand.
"Jamie, I have never done this before and I hope you don't think I am a slut, but I really have feelings for you and want to show you how much." Tammy was stroking Jamie's cock talking to his organ, not looking into his eyes.
The young woman has very little experience pleasuring a man, as her parents were very strict with her, they are very religious people and do a lot for their church. She went to her junior and senior proms. They wouldn't let her date during high school; she was only allowed to go to dances with the church groups. Most of the time her parents were chaperones at the dances and she went home with them.
Tammy started to manually pleasure Jamie. "Do you like what I am doing?" Wanting to make sure she was pleasuring him as he likes and desiring instruction from Jamie.
Moaning he backed up to lean on the vanity as his legs became shaky; she was giving him so much pleasure. "Tammy you're doing great?" He was very inexperienced also, only getting a few hand jobs from a few of the girls he dated in high school, his only sex education was in school and the x rated videos he watched on the net.
"You have a lovely manhood Jamie, I have been having dreams about seeing this wonderful organ. When I aroused you and you had a tent in your pants, it made my panties wet." Tammy said as she leaned in to tentatively kiss the head. The inexperience woman opened her mouth, putting just the head into her mouth, and running her tongue around it, as she has seen on x rated movies. She was gagging some as she tried to deep throat him, this was a first for her. She has only masturbated two guys to orgasm before Jamie. They weren't as large as him and it was in the dark in the back seat of a car the few times she secretly left her house unbeknownst to her parents.
"Oh, that feels so good! Tammy." Jamie moaned, as he took her head in his hands, he hasn't had any young ladies do this to him. "I am going to cum!" He warned the young lady, as he tried to push more of his cock into her mouth.
Removing his cock so she could talk, she said. "Shoot when you're ready!" She put his cock into her mouth and used her hand to stroke his organ, as she sucked on him. She doubled her effort to make him cum.
Thirty seconds later, Jamie thrust his cock forward and held Tammy's head as he blew his load in her mouth. The inexperienced young woman started gagging, as Jamie shot a giant load into her mouth, his orgasm was coming out of her nose and mouth. Looking down Jamie could see tears in her eyes. He thought she was upset.
"I'm sorry Tammy, don't cry." Jamie figured he really screwed up.
After she got her breath back Tammy said. "Jamie, I am not mad at you, I haven't done anything like this before. I didn't know how much cum you had in you." She laughed through her tears.
They cleaned up the act. Jamie took off his shorts and shirt figuring Tammy would be more comfortable modeling, if he was nude. He walked out of the bathroom nude with his clothes in his hand.
"Now that you're more comfortable, how about taking some photos?" The young lady said following Jamie out of the bathroom and climbing on the bed, Tammy getting on her knees said. "Take some photos of my bottom, so I can see how I look." The young woman spread her legs for Jamie to get a photo of her most intimate area. She was so turned on from giving Jamie a blow job she was literally dripping.
Jamie picking up his camera, and walking to within five feet of his subject said. "Tammy, look over your shoulder at me." Looking through his viewfinder he framed the photo with her face in the picture, he said. "Hold that pose." He snapped eight photos in rapid succession framing her pussy and backdoor in the center of the photos with her smiling face in the photo. He could see her pussy open and very wet; hopefully the photos show her excitement.
"I want to see the photos." Tammy said, as she got off the bed to go to the computer.
Jamie loaded the photos onto the flash drive and put the photos upon the screen commenting on them. "The photos look great Tammy." Going through all the photos, picking out the best one, Jamie said. "Tammy, the innocent expression that is on your face is priceless, even being totally exposed to the camera in this photo you look adorable."
Tammy looked at the photo Jamie was talking about. "Who are you kidding, my pussy and ass are showing, the sheen on my pussy lips show I am very wet, I look like a slut." She started to cry. "Oh, Jamie what am I going to do? I can't model for the class being spread out as the professor wants me to. It is apparent she will have to overcome her conservative upbringing to become an erotic model. "
Jamie went over to the sobbing young woman. He embraced her naked body feeling her breasts against him and his manhood rubbing in her pubic hair. "Tammy feels good in my arms" He thought. "We will figure something out to make sure you can keep your scholarship." Jamie said to calm down the distraught young woman, but.has no idea what can be done.
He moved her over to the bed and laid her down on her back, her legs were still on the floor. He had the overwhelming need to taste this lovely woman. He wanted to return the favor, to see if he could make her feel better. Kneeling down he took her legs and put them over his shoulder, pulling her to him. He licked her lower lips with his tongue.
Surprised the young woman said. "Jamie, what are you doing?" Her question changed to a moan. "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH, that feels so good, yes, right there, keep on licking my 'kitty'. Stick your tongue in there, yeeeesssssssssssss." The young woman purred as she spread her legs further apart to give Jamie better access to her womanhood.
"She tasted of excited female, he surmised, as he has never had oral sex with a woman before, along with the smell of cherry blossoms, it was the type of feminine hygiene product she uses, was his guess." He thought, as he munched on the young woman's pussy pleased, she was verbally directing him to her pleasure spots.
"Jamie! I'm going to cum" The surprised young woman moaned as she felt his tongue in her pussy causing pleasure throughout her being. "OOHHHHHHHH Jamie that feels so good, don't stop." Said Tammy as she raised her bottom off the bed to push her pussy into his face, trying to force his tongue into her cervix.
It took Jamie about four minutes to bring the young woman off. She grabbed a pillow to put over her face, to stifle the scream, as she 'came'. It was the best orgasm she has had in her young life. Jamie slid up onto the bed and started French kissing Tammy. For the first time she tasted her pussy. Jamie was excited, French kissing his girlfriend, after he ate her. "I guess I can call her my girlfriend now." He thought.
As they were kissing, Tammy reached down finding Jamie was hard she said. "Jamie, I have a nice tight warm place for your manhood." Pulling him toward her pussy, by his cock and aiming him toward the center of her being. He pushed into the young woman with one slow stroke, not wanting to hurt her, as he didn't know if she was a virgin. He was in heaven, she felt so wet, warm and silky smooth all at the same time.
They were very of clumsy to begin with and out of rhythm, falling out of Tammy pussy he realized he had to reinsert and shorten stokes, but it didn't take them long to get into the rhythm of love and at this moment they both were in love. The stroking became more intense, they were slamming into each other trying to 'cum' together.
"I am almost there." Tammy said, breathlessly as she was meeting his thrusts frantically trying to get off. This was the first cock in her pussy and it felt better than the dildo's she used at home, that she secreted from her parents.
Jamie knows he was close to blowing his load, so he has to think of something that distracts him, to hold off his orgasm, until Tammy has hers. It worked, because a few minutes later he could feel her grabbing his cock with her pussy. Her pussy muscles were so strong that he couldn't move, squeezing him so tight that he 'came' deep in her pussy. "I hope she is on the pill." He thought as he blew a large load up against her cervix, he was in her so deep.
The young couple were lying on the bed in the after sex glow, breathing heavy due to their exertion, but happy. They lay in each other's arms for a while, marveling at the feeling each had after their first copulation.
"I want some pictures of my pussy Jamie." The young woman said as she got onto her knees and pointed her backside toward the discarded camera, becoming more comfortable in her nudity presently.
Jamie took many photos of Tammy's flower of life. They put the photos up on the computer. "Look at your pussy, you can see my 'cum' escaping. Your pussy is open, I can see pink and a view of your inner being in this photo, but you still have that innocent expression on your face." Jamie remarked even though one of the photos showed a white glob of semen ready to drip out of the young woman's open pussy lips. Looking at the "cum" shot in the photo Jamie continued. "Tammy I probably should have asked you this question before. Are you on the pill?"
Tammy had a concerned expression on her face wanting to tease her boyfriend. "No Jamie I'm not." Tammy said watching his expression.
"Can you get pregnant is this you fertile period." In a panic the young man said.
"No, I take a shot every six months. She giggled and then more seriously she continued asking. "I will need to get my shot in the next few weeks, could you come with me when I go to the school dispensary?" Tammy asked as sh doesn't like doctors or shots.
"Sure as long as you schedule your appointment between my classes. I will go with you."
"I'm going to take a shower. Oh, Jamie how about helping me, groom my pubic area?" Tammy said as she looked at her boyfriend's pecker smiling that he is becoming aroused again while looking at her.
They jumped in the shower together and washed each other's backs and fronts. The young couple exited the tub and dried off another first for them.
Tammy went to her overnight bag. "Good thing I put my shaving kit in my overnight bag." She thought. "Do you want to help me make the heart out of my pubic bush, Jamie? Tammy said as she was getting the shaving equipment.
Jumping at the chance to further explore Tammy's pussy Jamie said. "It would be my pleasure to groom your lovely womanhood for you, madam." Jamie was speaking in a formal English accent' that brought laughter from both young people.
The nude woman turning her back side to Jamie and said. "Jamie I saw some hair around my butt hole, could you shave that for me?" As she spread her legs, to give him access to her bottom.
Putting shaving cream in his palm, he spread it around her anus and carefully shaved around it, using his fingers, to make sure he got all the hair. In the process sticking his fingers in her asshole, causing her to moan, surprised she likes to have her bum fingered.
Jamie wiped the shaving cream from her butt saying. "Tammy, turn around so I can shave you pussy hair into a heart."
Jamie knelt in front of the young woman admiring her open pussy, as she spread her legs to give him access to her love channel and he became aroused again smelling her female essence. He had a difficult time concentrating on the job at hand, grooming her pussy. Putting his thumb and forefinger in her pussy to stretch the lips of her womanhood to make sure he shaves all the hair around the lips. He does this with both her lips. He was having a difficult time holding her lips they were so slippery with her excitement, but he patiently took care grooming her labia. Jamie trimmed her pubic hair into a heart pointing to her pussy. He did an excellent job shaping the heart for the young woman. It was a labor of love.
Tammy Looking in the mirror after Jamie finished his tonsorial feat she stated. "Jamie you made my unsightly bush into a work of art."
"Your red hair makes the heart stand out. I think you shouldn't wear anything from the waist down from now on, your bush is a work of art right up there with the Mona Lisa." Jamie said, looking at the nude woman reverently admiring her beauty, not believing his good fortune meeting Tammy.
"I want some more pictures taken of my pussy." Said Tammy, excited about her new look. She jumped onto the bed leaned back and spread her legs for the camera.
They spent ten minutes taking photos of the young woman's pussy and then putting them up on the computer, to critique them. Jamie was still in awe of the innocence of this young woman, who is showing the world her most intimate being. Tammy was becoming more comfortable being nude and spread with Jamie. She is hoping she will be able to model for the class. Tammy put on a negligee and Jamie, not thinking, picked up his clothes, walking to the door, he started for his room nude, running into his father in the hall.
Putting the board shorts in front of his manhood, embarrassed Jamie said. "Hi Dad, I was just helping Tammy with one of her classes." His face was red; he couldn't look at his father.
"I didn't know they had sex education classes in college? I thought you went through those in High school." Laughing at his son's embarrassment, for being caught with his pants down, he continued. "I hope Tammy is on the pill, we are too young to be grandparents yet."
Feeling a little better that his father didn't ream him out, Jamie said. "Yes she is on contraceptives"
The week passed with Tammy spending more time at the Carter's home than at the dorm. The young couple spent lot of time perfecting the dance of love, during that time. Charlene could see her son was much happier and she loved to have Tammy at their home. Tammy was becoming a surrogate daughter to Charlene.
The following week Tammy modeled for Jamie's Figure study class. The night before she modeled she had Jamie touch up her pub heart and associated areas. Jamie accompanied her to the dressing room. She removed all her clothes and then put on a dressing gown she brought with her.
"Why don't you go to the class nude, Professor Beatty said that you could do that?" Said Jamie, Hoping she will take his suggestion, as he wanted everyone see his beautiful girlfriend nude.
Wanting to please Jamie Tammy removed the gown, folded it up, and put it back the bag, she brought with her. Steeling herself she turned red saying. "I am doing this for you, Jamie. I hope the people here at school don't think I am a slut for going nude?" She grabbed his hand tightly.
Jamie opened the door for the nude young woman. She held her head up high and smiled at everyone she passed. Most doing double takes, as most models have a robe they put on, but not all. She had an innocence about her, even while nude that everyone saw, who witnessed her stroll to the studio on Jamie's arm.
The Professor walking down the hall to his office saw Tammy with Jamie surprised she was in the hall nude, he walked up to them. "Tammy you look fetching today. Jamie is bringing out your erotic beauty I can see." Smiling at the two hoping Tammy will consent to model for the erotic poses. "Completely nude Tammy still maintains her innocent personality." The professor thought, as he looked at the nude woman.
Tammy was becoming comfortable modeling, when she went from one pose to another, the twenty photographers in the room received glimpses of her pussy and the Hersey highway, while she was getting into the classic nude poses asked for. They captured the confidence the model showed posing. She asked to see some of the photos during the break and was happy with most of them. After the session was over Tammy went to Jamie and the nude woman stayed by his side, while he discussed the photo session with some of his classmates. Tammy even offered her insight from a model's point of view. Jamie spent more time than usual discussing the shoot to have Tammy spend more time exposed. He loved it, to see his innocent girlfriend nude in public.
One of Jamie's friends, Jake came up to the couple. "Tammy, I love the way you made a heart shape out of your pubic hair and you project innocence, even though you're nude. It looks like you're at a nudist camp instead of walking nude around the halls on campus.
They went back to the dressing room and Tammy donned her clothes. Jamie hated to see her dress.
"Next Tuesday I have an appointment for three PM to get my shot for birth control you don't have any classes then do you?"
Without checking his schedule Jamie said. "No, I can go with you."
Nothing worth describing happened until Tuesday when Jamie went with Tammy to her medical appointment. At two thirty Jamie met up with Tammy. They walked to the clinic instead of driving, as it was a nice sunny day, it took them fifteen minutes to get there.
Tammy walked up to the receptionist a young woman a few years older than her.
"May I help you?" asked the woman her name tag stated her name was Chris.
"I am here for a three o'clock appointment to get my birth control shot."
"Ah yes your name is Tammy Phillips?"
"Yes. "
Handing the young woman a clipboard with about ten papers on it Chris said. "Fill out this paperwork and bring it back when you're done." It is the busywork they give you, so that you're not bored waiting for the doctor to see you.
Tammy filed out the paperwork becoming concerned when she was on the last page. There was a box that asked if you're on scholarship. She checked 'yes' it said the clinic visit was free, but the college is a medical teaching school, therefore they may have medical students observing the physician. during the visit and Tammy has to consent to it. She finished filling out the paper. "I'm only going to get a shot in the arm." She thought.
Tammy brought the paperwork up to the desk and within two minutes she was called back. Going up to the desk she stated. "I want Jamie to come with me."
The receptionist said. "You really want him to go with you? You know you need have to have a complete physical before the doctor will give you the shot and there are three medical students that will be observing."
"If I am getting a complete physical, I want Jamie with me." Tammy stated, as she was really nervous presently finding out she will be getting a complete exam. She walked back to Jamie. "You can come in with me."
"I don't know if I want to seeing that you need to have a complete physical I think I will wait for you out here?"
"I really need you to come with me I am scared of doctors and need someone on my side when I visit them. My mother always came with me and she isn't here the young woman lamented "
I'll come with you. If you have to strip for the exam I want you nude during the exam no gown, Deal?"
Having no alternative Tammy said. "Deal."
Chris escorted them to the exam room. The young couple walked hand in hand into the exam room, that was larger than most. Tammy was hoping she won't have to strip for the exam.
Putting a gown on the exam table Chris said. "Remove all your clothes, the gown ties in the front."
That was Tammy's answer, she was going to be nude for the exam. She tries one last time hoping Jamie will have pity on her and let her put the gown on. "Jamie, can I put the gown on please?"
"Sure, I will go out and wait for you." He said hoping she will not call his bluff, as he wants to see his girlfriend examined.
Not giving up just yet she countered. "What if I put the gown over my shoulders and I will leave it open?"
"I guess that will work as long as you leave the gown open, so the guys see you." Said Jamie figuring she will still be essentially nude in front of all present anyway.
Tammy started to undress; she removed her blouse, folded it and put it on a chair. She sat on the exam table with a smile on her face. "Jamie make yourself useful help me take off my shoes."
He went over and took her shoes off for her, with her socks, and placed them under the chair.
She was having fun directing Jamie to undress her, so she continued. "Can you help me with my bra?"
Going in back of her, he fumbled with catches, but finally unhooked the bra and took it from her. Folding it and putting the intimate garment on the chair under her blouse.
She stood up took off her jeans and handed them to Jamie, to fold and put on the chair.
Jamie turned back to his girlfriend to see her hooking her thumbs on each side of her panties and letting them fall to the floor. "Can you pick up my panties and put them on the seat?"
He picked up the intimate garment and looking at the crotch to see it was soaking wet and he could smell her erotic odor that he has come to love filling the room.
"Jamie, is that a rocket in your pocket or do you love me?" They young woman said, while she was putting on the exam gown leaving it open. She wanted to let him know she saw the bulge in his pants.
"Tammy I love you. "Said the young man as he adjusted his pecker down the leg of his pants before the medical team enters in the room. He went to the front of the exam table to make sure he has a good view of her exam, as he has never seen a woman being examined to this point.
Leaving the gown open in front, Tammy jumped up onto the exam table, put her feet in the stirrups and slid forward. "Should I stay like this when the doctor comes in, Jamie?"
Calling her bluff he said. "Yes that is the way I want you or I will leave the room."
"Jamie, you really want me to be humiliated, you want me to stay in this position when they come in, bad enough I will have to be in this position to be examined." Tammy was scared that he will leave her alone in the room with the medical staff.
Taking pity on the young woman he said. "Tie the gown and take your legs out of the foot rests." As he didn't know the technical term for the stirrups, he didn't want to humiliate his girlfriend in front of medical staff.
"Thank you Jamie." Tammy said relieved that he took pity on her.
Feeling better that he didn't want to humiliate her she took her feet out of the stirrups, but left her gown open giving anyone that comes in the room a full frontal of her naked body. They were talking when there was a knock on the door and then it opened.
Looking at the pretty red head sitting on the exam couch with her gown open to show her trim figure and that she is a real red head, the doctor smiled at the young woman before he introduced himself along with the three young men in scrubs that followed him in. "I am doctor Lawrence, Jim, Ted and Jack will be observing your exam. Do you want a chaperone to come in during the exam Miss Phillips?"
"No as long as Jamie can stay with me I will be OK." Tammy said looking at the doctor, the three young men she knew from some of her classes. "The up side to this exam is she will be totally exposed to the group and maybe she will feel better about the erotic modeling after her exposure to this group." Thought the young woman knowing she is totally exposed presently.
"Let's start by checking your eyes, nose, ears, throat and heart. Said the doctor explaining what he was doing to the three young men and Jamie.
It became interesting, when the doctor warmed the stethoscope with his hand and then put it over her breast where her heart is located. He had her drop her gown to her lap; she was topless in front of the group. He checked her breathing and then put the instrument over her breast on both sides again.
Tammy, becoming Bolder. "I want to take off the gown it seems to be in the way anyway." The young woman said as she pulled it from under her and handed it to the doctor.
"We are almost done Miss Phillips, just the internal and the breast exam. When done you can get dressed. I will have my nurse give you the contraception shot. Please put your feet in the stirrups and slide down." Said the doctor as he put on a pair to exam gloves, he was doing a narrative of the exam for the benefit of the three young men and Jamie.
The room went quiet as Tammy slipped down spreading her legs giving all the men a view of her red pubic hair and Jamie could see her pussy lips were engorged and her labia open to expose her inner lips. Moisture was building at the opening to her pussy. It was ready to run down her bottom.
Ordinarily I would use some lubricant before I do an internal and insert the speculum, but her vagina is lubricated enough ti dispense with it ." The doctor explained as he inserted his finger in the young woman's pussy and pushed down on her stomach, he explained the procedure to the young men. Jamie was mesmerized seeing another man put his finger in his girlfriend's pussy. The doctor then inserted the speculum in his girlfriend's vagina and had the three young medical students come close to look into the young woman's birth canal to her cervix the doctor pointed out the opening in the cervix were the swimmers go through to fertilize the egg.
"I want Jamie to have a look doctor." Tammy said, as she could see that with all the people around her, Jamie couldn't see what the doctor was doing and the frustration showed on his face.
Jamie went to the foot of the exam couch, looking deep into his girlfriend's flower of life. The doctor did the narrative again for Jamie's benefit.
The doctor did a pap smear and then had Tammy put her hands in back of her head and he did a breast exam, taking his fingers and moving them in circles around the breast to feel for any bumps, and then squeezing the young woman's nipple to check for discharge. The doctor explained the procedure to the group as he performed it on both breasts.
"Miss Phillips, please get off the table and face me." The doctor then did the breast exam, with her arms at her side.
"I want you to turn and face the table and we will be done." The doctor said, using a generous amount of KY he did a rectal exam on her, sticking his finger as far as he could up the young woman's back door.
This fascinated Jamie. "I think I will try that when I get Tammy to our house the next time. I wonder if she will go along with it." He thought as he watched the doctor stick his finger in Tammy's ass.
"You can get dressed now Tammy, but leave your blouse off so the nurse can give you your shot. I will send her in. You're in perfect health." The doctor said as he handed her tissue to wipe her pussy and asshole.
The doctor and the medical students left the room closing the door behind them.
"Jamie, could you wipe my bum for me please? It feels icky with all the lubricant the doctor used." Tammy said, knowing Jamie wanted to stick his finger in her back door by the expression he had on his face when the doctor did it.
The young man grabbed the paper towel from her and rubbed her pussy and brown star sticking his finger in her back door, until she pulled away. Jamie gave her the bra first, then her panties, and her jeans, holding her top until she receives her shot.
There was a knock on the door and the nurse came in. "What arm do you want your shot in?"
"The left would be better for me, it would be best, if I didn't have to have the shot at all." The young woman stated as she turned to have the shot, she doesn't like shots.
It was over in no time the nurse was very good giving shots. Jamie helped Tammy put on her blouse and they left the clinic.
Walking back to Tammy's dorm Jamie said. "Thanks Tam that was a first for me seeing an exam like that."
"Do you want to give me an exam again; do you remember what the doctor showed you?" Tammy asked as she wrapped her arm around Jamie pulling him closer. Showing him that she took the plastic speculum the doctor used on her secreted in her purse.
"Where did you get that?" Jamie said not seeing her lift it from the doctor's office.
"I saw him put it on the counter when he had his finger up my ass, I asked you to get my clothes and I lifted the speculum. I figure we could play with it if you would like."
"The exam turned you on didn't it."
Turning red she confessed. "I was turned on being nude and having all the guys look at my pussy and being opened up to my cervix." Concerned that her boyfriend thinks she was not right she asked. "You're alright with some doctor play aren't you?"
"Yes, it sounds like fun." Jamie said as he thought. "I wonder if she will be willing to let his friends see the interior of her pussy." He continued. "Do you think this afternoon helped you get over your fears of modeling for the erotic poses the professor want you to do?"