It was a bright day in Spring and the birds were singing, but Misa couldn't type.What the hell do I write?Her blank page smirked at her. She wiped the smirk off by slamming the keys down like this: a;lsdkjf;alsdkjf;alsdkjfl;asdj.
"That'll teach you," Misa said.
Misa looked at her computer satisfied - as satisfied as she could be with her inability to write a story - and tapped her fingers on her desk. Her computer frowned at her.
"I'm sorry," she said. "But I don't like it when you smirk at me like that."
She sighed. Her story was going to include non-consensual sex and some other depraved shit. "I just hope the readers look at the tags. I don't want them to read something they would find disturbing."
That's your cue, Reader.
Misa typed half a sentence then deleted it. She did that over and over, getting more and more frustrated each time she failed to write something coherent and was grinding her teeth when one of her sentences sounded quite good. She leaned forward cautiously, typing one key at a time. By the end of the sentence, she realized it was another spatter of meaningless dribble.
She threw up her hands. "Fuck me!"
The computer switched off. A black monitor reflected Misa's hopeless image. "DOWNLOADING REQUIRED UPDATE. RESTARTING..."
Misa scoffed. "Oh, that's just perfect." She hit her computer, hard enough to express her anger but not hard enough to do any real damage. "I hate it when you update randomly like that."
She looked around her bedroom. Totally bland walls surrounded her. Family pictures used to decorate the room, but she moved them to her apartment's living area since she didn't like the idea of being watched while she wrote the... things that she wrote. She also never got around to decorating her place, preferring order over creativity. "Maybe that's why I can't write well," she thought bitterly.
"You call this order?" her bed asked. Her bed was unmade, as usual.
"Shut up," Misa replied.
She looked back at her computer. The update finally finished. Her laptop took another five minutes to fully boot up. Oddly, the document was not empty when she opened it back up.
The following sentence was on her page: "INK AND LIGHT PROGRAM ACTIVATED."
Misa had never typed that sentence in her life. "How strange," she said. She went to backspace the words. The backspace didn't work. She became agitated again, since the sentence remained: "INK AND LIGHT PROGRAM ACTIVATED."
Misa pressed CTRL + A, selecting the text and then pressed backspace to delete it all at once. To her relief, it worked. The text was gone, and she once again had a blank page before her. An odd chill coursed through her.
"Back to square one." She cracked her fingers. "Here we go." She typed a sentence. You may think, Reader, that she was suddenly capable of writing something profound. You are wrong. Misa is a stupid idiot of a girl, very dumb indeed. The sentence she typed was just as horrible and useless as every other sentence. She deleted it immediately.
Another chill coursed through her. Every time she deleted a sentence, the room the colder. "It's just my imagination," Misa thought. "If only it could help instead of sabotage me."
She managed to get a full paragraph written when she realized that it, too, was trash, so she deleted the entire thing. Her foot tingled. Misa gasped. "What was that?"
She heard a deep laugh. "Heh... heh... heh..."
"Who's there?" Misa asked, nervously looking all around her. She looked at her unmade bed. Nothing. "Am I going crazy?" Misa said to herself.
She returned to her computer. Still, she kept deleting sentences. Both her calves were brushed by some liquid-like substance. The deep laugh came again. "Heh... heh... heh..."
"Who is it?" Misa snapped. She shot up from her chair and checked around her apartment. She found nothing in the living area (which also had a small kitchen) and returned to her room.
She checked under her bed and there she saw it: a thick, black pool. It slithered from underneath her unmade bed and flowed around her legs. She was knee deep in the substance and felt like she had just stepped into a swimming pool.
The black ink rose. "Heh... heh... heh..." It rose and took on a humanoid form. A dark, haunting creature, more liquid than man, towered over Misa. She was too scared to speak. The form's dripping hand gripped her chin, tilting it up to meet his soulless eyes. "Do you know who I am?"
Misa shook her head and shut her eyes. The phantom curled around her, staining her apartment and her clothes with ink everywhere it went. Ink swelled near its groin (or where its groin would be if one could apply human anatomy to the creature) and formed a cock.
Misa's eyes were closed, but she could feel it poking her from behind. It slid between her thighs and stimulated her pussy. "Why is thatthingso large?"
"I have had a lot of time to grow. Every sentence you delete makes me stronger. I am your own inadequacy, the dark abyss you have gazed at for hours. I am Desolation and Despair."
"That's not so bad."
"I am Writer's Block."
Misa screamed. She could hardly imagine a more fearsome being, her nightmare brought to life. The apparition's arm dripped ink onto Misa's clothes, which sizzled and dissolved into nothing. Misa tried covering her naked body with a hand, but they only met ink. The fiend embraced Misa tightly, covering her whole body in ink, erasing what remained of her clothes, just as she had erased sentences a few moments earlier.
"What do you want-"
The creature covered Misa's mouth with an inky hand. It growled in her ear. "This will not be the first time you have been fucked by me, though it will be the first time you enjoy it."
Misa's eyes teared as the beast's hand gagged her mouth. Writer's Block bent her by the waist and probed her vagina. Misa moaned into the creature's hand.
Poor Misa. Reader, I hope you do not have the misfortune of knowing what ink tastes like. I do, however, and so does Misa. It is a metallic taste, a bit salty and yet bland at the same time. It has a fish-like aftertaste.
Desolation entered Misa. That is, Writer's Block slammed into her vagina. He removed his hand from her mouth and gripped her neck.Such an imperfect being.His other hand slapped her ass. Misa lifted her foot to find a comfortable position but while planting it back down she stepped on her bed's blanket.
"What was that for?" the blanket asked. Misa was too busy getting fucked to answer. The blanket angrily wrapped around her foot and spread her legs further apart. The beast did not miss a beat. He increased his pace and hammered deeper into her.
"I bet you wish you made me now," her unmade bed said.
"Shut... ahh... up..."
The apparition laughed his ghastly laugh.It must be perfected.The fiend's fingers rubbing her clit, and his cock thrusting inside her were too much for Misa to handle. "Oh my God! I'm... I'm..."
"We all know what you're doing," the bed said. "No need to announce it."
"Cumminggg!"
The beast kept fucking her. "I draw upon your motivation and therefore have infinite stamina." He released a feral noise as Misa kept moaning. "You are nothing before the Power of Procrastination."
"I..." The blanket still forced her legs apart and kept her holes open to Writer's Block. "I have an idea!" Misa declared.
Writer's Block slowed his thrusting. "Lies!"
"It's true."
Writer's Block kept his cock fully inside Misa's pussy but stopped his relentless fucking. "What is it?"
"It's an idea about a story-"
Writer's Block seized Misa's hair and yanked her head back. "What. Is. It."
"I'll write about... about..." Misa was breathing deep.
"You have nothing. No thoughts. No imagination." Writer's Block grunted and slowly moved his cock out of her pussy. He was about to slam it back in when a light beamed from the bed.
The unmade bed floated up to the ceiling of the room. Streams of light surrounded it and brightened everything. Misa had to squint. In a blinding flash, she was free at last. No inky arms gripped her. The ink that had been covering her body also vanished.
When Misa opened her eyes, the bed was no longer there. Instead, she saw only the most beautiful lady in the world, whose light made her skin glow. She was Venus incarnated; she could put the moon's blessed light to shame. Misa dropped to her knees before the deity.
From her submissive position, Misa witnessed the goddess' radiance.This,she thought,is perfection.The being had silver hair and silver eyes. She wore a necklace of glimmering gold. Everything she touched glittered.
The being was naked, but not lewd. It seemed right that she shouldn't have clothes, like she was straight out of a Renaissance painting. Misa could not speak before such elegance. When the radiant being approached her, she turned her head down and stared at her knees.
Radiance ignored her. She walked past Misa and over to the corner of her room. Here, the fiend crouched, shaking and fearful. "Witch!" he declared. Radiance smiled. She snapped her fingers, and the fiend ceased his existence. No ink remained.
"Lift your head," she ordered.
Misa did so hesitantly. "A-are you... God?"
Radiance smiled a motherly smile. "I am nottheGod, but I amyourGod."
"What do you mean?"
"Stand."
Misa did so. It was hard to disobey her own God, after all. She was still naked from when the ink dissolved her clothing. Radiance put a hand on her chest. Her touch was just as perfect as her looks. Misa's pussy was set alight once more.
"Such sensitive skin. You will make a fine slave."
"W-what?"
Radiance's hand went up to her neck and, gently, squeezed. Her fingers emitted golden light. Misa was collared. Her collar was golden. Perfect. Radiance put golden chains all over Misa's body and put cuffs on her wrists and ankles. They were also perfect.
Misa felt up the cold metal. They allowed her to move but did not let her hands get too far apart. "Why, Goddess?"
Radiance placed a caring hand on Misa's cheek, filling Misa with tingles. Radiance leaned in and kissed her, and Misa had no choice but to melt into the perfect kiss. "Oh Goddess, you are perfection."
"Yes," Radiance said. "And I love you."
"I love you, too."
Radiance kissed her again. "Now sit on your chair and type up a story."
As the unassuming Misa sat on her chair, a long perfect dildo pierced her pussy. Misa yelped and tried to get up. Radiance pushed her down by the shoulders. "It's too deep!"
"Don't move, slave. I put that sex toy there to help stimulate your mind. And actually..." Radiance lifted Misa by the shoulders slightly before dropping her back on the dildo. "This ought to get those creative juices flowing." Radiance fondled Misa's clit. "Well, some juices flowing anyway." She lifted her and dropped her on the dildo a few more times.
Misa was bound by perfection. Obeying it gave her satisfaction, so even as her mind broke from pleasure, she happily typed up the following sentence:It was a bright day in spring and the birds are singing.
She looked up at Radiance, expecting an encouraging gaze. She only saw fury. Radiance slapped her across the face. "How dare you write such imperfection in my presence."
Misa flew off her dildo to her knees. "I'm sorry, Goddess! I'll try again." She kissed Radiance's legs to apologize.
Radiance simply snapped her fingers and crossed her arms as Misa planted herself back onto the dildo, gasping as she did. Misa corrected the sentence so that it read:It was a bright day in Spring and the birds were singing.She looked up nervously at her God.
"Listen here, insolent slut. While your sentence may be grammatically correct, it is the most boring cookie-cutter opening imaginable. You will have to be punished for this mediocrity." Radiance gripped Misa's collar and dragged her off the chair. She took Misa's seat and pulled Misa over her lap. "Count," the deity ordered.
The spanking began. "Ow!"
"Count, worthless girl. Count!"
Misa sniffed. "One..."
The spankings that Radiance delivered were perfect.
"Two!"
In this case, 'perfect' meant it hurt like Hell, which I may point out, Reader, is quite an ungodly place.
"Three!"
Indeed, Radiance emitted rage that Misa had never seen before from anyone.
"Four!"
How could such a perfect being allow such evil?
Misa sobbed. "Five!"
Five was enough. Five spanks from Radiance to Misa may be equivalent to a thousand or ten thousand or a million or ten million spankings from mortals, for when our own God smites us, it hurts us with a unique harshness.
Misa nearly passed out by Radiance's feet. She could not rise, for the golden chains weighed her down. This 'Radiance,' though perfect, was evil. "Who are you?"
"I am your Internal Editor."
Misa squirmed beneath the being's feet. "Please... I'll let you have your way. Let me just get a rough draft written first."
Radiance placed a foot on Misa's face. "You are beneath me. You do not make demands of your ruler." Misa felt terrible with the being's foot on her body. The feet were perfect, of course, but Misa was starting to hate perfection.How can I defeat her?
Radiance's other foot went to Misa's pussy. Her Internal Editor teased and oppressed her. "You clearly enjoy being my slave."
"No, I-"
Misa was silenced by a perfect foot in her mouth. Radiance sneered. "You are pathetic." A perfect hand waved, and the golden collar tightened around Misa's neck. Radiance pinched Misa's nose. "You don't need to breathe. You only need to obey me." Her other foot pressed into Misa's pussy, rubbing with more speed. When Misa's writhing became extreme, Radiance let her breathe through her nose, but kept her foot in her mouth and collar tightened.
Radiance brought Misa to the brink of orgasm before pulling her foot away. Only then did she untighten the collar. "Now, pet," Radiance said. She tapped her foot on Misa's cheek. "Your punishment is not over. Stand. Now."
Misa stood wearily. Radiance took her hand and dragged her over to the apartment's window. She pulled the blinds open.
"Goddess, they'll see me!" Misa tried to grab the string to pull the blinds back down, but Radiance held it out of reach, smirking.
"That's the general idea."
Misa squirmed but could not leave the window due to Radiance's powerful grip.
"Stop squirming, slut. I know you love the attention. You are a simple-minded horny girl, aren't you? A pathetic little horny slut, isn't that right?"
Misa looked down and blushed.
"I can see how aroused you are. You can't hide anything from me. I want you to pose in front of this window. Hands behind your back, feet spread as much as the ankle chains allow." Misa did as commanded. "And smile." This was the hardest command for Misa to follow, but she plastered a shaky grin on her face.
Radiance spanked her tits once and laughed. "The best part is that any people outside cannot see me. Only you can see me. I am only your God, you see, only a part of your imagination. That means when they see 'us,' they will really only see you, and what a kinky slut you are."
Misa only barely registered the words of Radiance as her eyes darted across the city street below her apartment. Many people walked those streets, but it was unlikely that someone would look at her window.
Radiance shoved an egg vibrator in Misa's pussy. "Hold the position." Misa did her best. Her best was not perfect. Every time she deviated from perfection her Internal Editor spanked her. "Oh my, slave. It looks like you really are having a hard time controlling your urges."
Misa had juices dripping down her thighs. Radiance ran a finger along her folds and lifted it to Misa's mouth. "Taste it."
Misa sucked on the finger.
"Well?"
"It tastes good, Goddess."
Radiance turned up the egg vibrator, making Misa jump. "Keep smiling." She looked out the window. "It seems you won't have an audience for today. Oh, there is one. Way back there." Misa shifted uncomfortably. Radiance just smiled at the cute girl and kissed her. "Just teasing you, my pet. I know you love it." Radiance kissed her on the cheek.
Misa was hot and panting. Once again, she neared orgasm. Radiance pulled out the vibrator, keeping Misa horny. She knew that the longer Misa stayed horny, the more control she would have. Misa bit back her complaint.
Radiance patted Misa's crotch. "Let's wait for you to calm down and then have you plop back on that dildo."
Misa could hold it no longer. "Goddess, may I please cum?"
Radiance chuckled. "You may not, slave. This is your punishment for failing to write an interesting sentence. I will let you cum after you prove your worth. Now get on your knees."
Misa knelt. She was kneeling where her bed used to be before it turned into her God.
"Now, let's see what else you have in your apartment." Radiance left the room.
She must have a weakness,Misa thought. It was hard for her to think straight because of her horniness.I wish I could cum...Misa absentmindedly stroked her pussy and rubbed her chest. Her tits hardened and she closed her eyes.
Radiance barged in right as Misa was about to cum. Misa stood from surprise. "I'm sorry, Goddess! I didn't know what I was doing. I'm just so horny and-"
"Quiet," Radiance snapped. Then she smiled. "I'll have to punish you further." She placed a hand on Misa's chest. Golden light shone. The ankle chains and wrist chains shortened so that Misa could barely move. Radiance attached Misa's wrists to her collar so that she'd be unable to touch herself.
The deity flipped Misa so that her face was on the floor. She snapped her fingers and a strap-on appeared around her waist. Misa saw it out of the corner of her eye and whimpered. She figured that if she could cum then her mind would be clear enough for her to strategize against Radiance. "Please shove it inside me," she begged.
Indeed, Radiance shoved the strap-on inside her, just not in her vagina. Misa screamed. "Your ass is mine," Radiance said. She began pounding much like Writer's Block had.
"Not there..." Yet still Misa tried to cum, since she needed her mind to clear up. But she was unable to do so, for the anal sex was too harsh for her inexperienced ass. She had used toys on it, but nothing this large or rough. She found the sex surprisingly pleasurable, if painful, but she found orgasm impossible.
After ten minutes of harsh treatment, Radiance pulled out. Misa's body went limp. Her ass would be sore. After a few minutes, she recovered enough strength to sit up. She was still horny as ever.
Radiance lengthened the chains so that Misa could move more freely. Then she lifted Misa and plopped her back on the dildo chair. Misa yelped from the sudden piercing. "Type," Radiance ordered.
Misa finally had a method of attaining orgasm and began pumping up and down on the large dildo. Radiance frowned at her. "I'm just trying to get the creative juices flowing," Misa said.
Radiance didn't seem to believe Misa at first, but then she smiled. "Ha! Well, yes, I suppose a slut like you would still need some stimulation even after all of that fucking. You may be the sluttiest girl in the world, you know. I mean look at you, bouncing up and down. You aren't even listening, are you?"
Misa nodded and continued pumping. She finally achieved her much needed orgasm. Her mind cleared up and she started thinking of ways to defeat Radiance.
She stalled for as long as possible when Radiance said, "Get typing now, you have enough juices flowing."
Misa was about to start typing when an idea struck her. She stared at her screen in silence. Radiance furrowed her brows. "What's the matter, slave?"
Misa did not type.
"Perhaps you need some encouragement." Radiance massaged Misa's shoulders. Her perfect touch hardened Misa's tits. Radiance pinched them, yet still Misa did not type. "Type this instant, slave. I'm getting very angry. I will punish you for imperfect sentences, but I will reward you for good sentences. Do you want a demonstration of such a reward?"
Misa did her best to ignore her.
"Let me give you a taste of my divine juices." Radiance spun the chair around and forced Misa to her knees. Misa yelped as Radiance gripped her head and buried it into her pussy. "Lick."
Misa began to lick the perfect pussy and could not deny that it tasted godlike. She became aroused again. The juices of Radiance were making her horny! She felt her mind fog up with lust once again. Fortunately, she had already thought of her plan, so she did not need a clear mind to carry it out.
"Rub yourself as you pleasure me." Misa obeyed, for there was no reason not to. Her plan only required her to not type. If she never made an imperfect sentence, she could never be punished. And why not get an orgasm out of it?
So, Misa rubbed her own clit as she sucked on another. Radiance closed her eyes and savored Misa's tongue. They climaxed together. Radiance recovered quickly from her orgasm, while Misa took some time to gather her breaths.
"Now, then. You see what reward awaits good girls. Type."
Radiance once again plopped Misa onto her chair. The slut was now used to the dildo and did not make any noise at all. She chuckled. "I cannot think of what to write."
Radiance gasped. "What's the matter with you! Don't you want your reward?"
Misa grinned. "There are no ideas at all in my mind."
"Don't say that. Don't say..." Radiance looked around hurriedly. Her eyes settled on the corner where she had extinguished Writer's Block. Ink dripped from the ceiling. It slithered around Radiance's feet and rose. "No!"
A deep laugh. "Heh... heh... heh..."
Radiance jumped to safety. The fiend returned in his full glory. He bolted to Radiance and tackled her to the ground. "You can't beat me a second time," he said. He forced her neck down, stamping out the last resistance of the Internal Editor. Then, Writer's Block forced his cock into her. Radiance screamed.
Misa watched with glee as her former tormentors turned on each other. Dark ink and bright light, both evil, fought and fought. The fiend, having the advantage of surprise, ultimately won their bitter struggle. Triumphantly, he exulted over Radiance's body, lifted her by the hair to her feet and shoved his cock into her mouth.
It was a divine blowjob, but Radiance fought back. She flashed her bright light and blinded the fiend. Then she used the opportunity to seize the fiend's inky wrists and attach a golden handcuff. Now the beast's right arm was useless.
She attempted to cuff the left arm as well, but the beast recovered from the blinding light and splashed ink on her face. Now it was Radiance that was blinded. He morphed his ink into a rope-like shape and tightened it around Radiance's body. All the while Misa smiled.
The beast pummeled once again into Radiance. The inked sizzled her pussy from the inside. Against Radiance, the ink balanced out her perfection and gave her pleasure. Too much pleasure. She came three times in five minutes of rough fucking.
The beast did not care about treating her with respect, and yet Radiance could not help but cum. Her will to fight slowly broke down and she passed out. The fiend did not cum even once, due to his infinite stamina.
The Internal Editor switched off. It vanished, with all its perfection, into nothing.
Writer's Block rose and faced Misa. Misa was no longer smiling. She thought their battle would wipe them both out. She thought the Internal Editor and Writer's Block went hand in hand, that they were of equal strength. She did not think that one would win over the other. How foolish she was to make such a fatal judgement! Did she think she could just watch them battle for eternity? Now she had to face the fiend she initially had to deal with.
The fiend charged at her, barbarously, Misa through up her hands in reflex. The ink nightmare was blown back. Misa blinked. What had allowed her to fight back against the monster? "Why do you have those?" Writer's Block asked.
Misa realized. The chains. The golden chains that Radiance had bound her by. They were still around her wrists. They repelled the monster as light does dark.
Misa stood. "Stay back, evil spirit!"
The phantom hesitated, but barbarians know only a few things, and retreating is not among them. He charged forward. Misa drove her fist into the beast's body. He was blown back into the wall. He had a hole in his body - a large hole, larger than a car tire, hollowed out by Misa's golden cuff. The said golden cuff, too, had dissolved, for when ink meets radiance, both will perish.
The fiend had some life in him, however. With a hole in his chest, he limped toward Misa. Misa kicked him twice, once with each leg. The ankle cuffs dissolved. She gripped the monster's head and forced him to her collar.
The collar dissolved, the beast died, and Misa was free. She had triumphed through adversity, battled her Writer's Block and Internal Editor, and now could write free as the wind. She glanced around her room: her bed was back in place, neatly made.
"Thank you," it said.
Misa's clothes did not return, but the dildo remained on her chair, the treasure of her struggles.
She nearly collapsed from relief. No more Writer's Block to bend her to his will. No more Internal Editor to enslave her. "Now then," Misa said. "What should I write?"
She typed these words that make you Reader.