It had been three weeks since Becky moved into Grandpa George's house, two weeks since she'd taken Andy's virginity while being cum-splattered by George's business colleagues. Becky and Andy had been fucking ever since George not overly happy as he'd fancied fucking Becky himself. Neither of them had mentioned the sixty-nine and George subsequently coming down Becky's throat before that, George because Becky had seemingly been asleep and dreaming of someone else, Becky because she didn't want to let on she'd been aware since she pretended to fall asleep on the sofa. She also knew Andy didn't know and wasn't sure how he'd react.
George wasn't her grandfather at all, it was just a nickname that had stuck due to him having silver-white hair. Becky had seen him walk past her bedroom door a couple of times wearing just a towel around his waist, not doing much to conceal his cock swinging underneath it, but now he knew the two younger adults were in a relationship he'd stopped.
Becky and Andy were lying in bed one morning, relaxing after a strenuous lengthy sex session. Andy was spooning her, and Becky could feel his thick cock nudging at the cheeks of her arse. Suddenly he raised himself a little and looked down at Becky's face.
"Answer honestly, did you enjoy all those men cumming all over your face and in your mouth?" Andy asked her.
Becky paused before answering. She wanted to lie, to not let him know that she'd not only enjoyed it, not just because she had a lot of cash to show for it too, but she'd masturbated over it and wanted it to happen again. She enjoyed sex with Andy, but like being caught in the gym changing room and having one man fuck her while numerous others coated her in cum, she knew that was the kind of sex she liked.
"Yes Andy, yes I did. A lot. But that doesn't mean I want to fuck them all now, or would have at the time, even though I know your dad fancies me too," she finally replied.
"Ok, I thought so," Andy said, looking pensive before continuing, "Is it weird that I liked it too?"
"You did?" Becky said, a little shocked, "A lot of men wouldn't have done so, but it's not weird. A lot of men like to watch their partners fuck others while they watch too."
"I'm not sure about that, I don't know if I liked it because I was fucking you," Andy said, "But there was just something about seeing you with so much cum on you that turned me on. I thought it might be strange for a man to like seeing other men doing that."
Becky could feel his now erect cock nudging slightly into her wet pussy. Even talking about it had made him erect. She pushed her hips back and groaned as his length pushed her lips apart and slid into her.
"Is that why you always come on my face, arse or tits?" Becky asked him.
Andy didn't answer, he just started fucking her with long deep thrusts. Despite only losing his virginity on that same night, Becky had soon taught him a few tricks which Andy had mastered quickly. Becky knew saying that had made him want to do so again. His hands went to her shoulders and pinned her face down on the bed, his thighs slapping against her big round arse as he fucked her hard. Becky managed to snake a hand underneath her and found her clit. She kept her fingers in place, Andy's thrusts moving her pussy and clit over them. Her orgasm flew through her and tipped Andy over the edge. He withdrew, grabbed her head and turned it to face him, and shot his load over her face. Despite cumming just ten minutes earlier he shot spurt after spurt over her.
He groaned and flopped over onto the bed beside Becky. Becky teased him by scooping up his semen with her fingers and slurping it down her mouth. Andy's cock stirred again, but Becky told him she needed to get ready for University. Reluctantly she got up and went to shower.
Getting back from university later she found the house empty. After wandering around for a while she saw George outside by the pool. She went out to him and asked where Andy was. George turned to speak to her, and Becky noticed he was wearing speedo swimming shorts, so tight she could almost see the veins on his cock. She quickly looked up as he raised a leg onto the lounger he was sitting on, showing off his bulge more.
"He's not here, he went out a while ago now, said something about scouting? No idea what he meant, he'd gone before I could quiz him," George told her.
"Oh okay, I just wondered if we were going out later, I don't know whether to get changed or not?" Becky replied.
"You're more than welcome to join me by the pool if you want?" George said, staring at Becky's heaving breasts.
"Maybe later," Becky told him.
Becky went back into the house to go to her bedroom. She couldn't work out if George was flirting with her, or just wanted a sly look at her tits and arse if she went out by the pool with him, but with her porcelain pale skin and red hair sunbathing wasn't a good idea. She went up to her room and started to undress. She threw off her t-shirt and pulled off her skirt. She stood looking at herself in the full-length mirror. She loved the contrast of her pale skin and the black bra and thong set she was wearing.
She looked through her bedroom window down over the pool area. George was lying on the lounger, facing away from the house. His legs outstretched, Becky found herself looking at the front of his tight shorts. She had no intention of fucking him but found herself imagining herself sneaking up behind him, crawling right up to him as he slept, then slowly without waking him pulling down the shorts to reveal his cock. She imagined sliding her mouth over it, feeling it getting erect in her mouth, then straddling and sliding his cock into her, enjoying the look of amazement as he awoke and saw her riding him.
She came back to her senses and realised she'd undone her bra and had her hand inside her thong, casually rubbing at her now wet pussy. She slid off the thong and stood naked staring down at George. She had an itch that needed scratching now and had no idea what time Andy would be back. She walked over to her toy drawer and selected a suction dildo about the same size as George's cock. Standing by the window again, she slid the dildo into her pussy as she stared at George's cock. She put one hand against the window, the other at a steady pace thrusting the dildo inside herself. She imagined again creeping up to George and riding his cock.
The suction part might stick to the window ledge. She tried it, it didn't stick completely still but should do the trick. She needed to stand on something to lower herself down onto the dildo and pulled over her ottoman. She turned and looked, George hadn't moved. She would need to turn her back on him though, so picked up her small mirror and held it in her hand. She stood on the ottoman, placed a hand between her legs and guided the dildo into her pussy, then used the mirror to see George down below her.
She rode the dildo while keeping watch on him, the coolness of the window was invigorating on the cheeks of her arse, but the dildo kept coming away and she need to keep sticking it down again, and she had to keep her legs bent or she'd slip right off the dildo. She desperately wanted to cum, but her legs were starting to ache.
She slid off the dildo and stuck it to the window instead. It stuck much better, and it took Becky a few seconds to slide it into the perfect position to slide onto. She pushed backwards, the dido sliding in effortlessly now. Using the mirror again, she could see George's cock but build up a better quicker pace now she was more upright. Riding the dildo harder, her arse was slapping against the window with each time she thrust backwards. She could feel her orgasm coming on, but didn't want him to hear and look around.
Wait. So what if he looked? Becky threw caution to the wind and threw the mirror onto her bed. She rode the dildo harder still, the sounds of the window against her skin sounded so loud now, she felt certain George could hear outside. Not wanting to break the rhythm to look back over her shoulder instead, she reached down between her legs and rubbed her clit in unison with riding the dildo. She came hard, squirting over the dildo and her window and her body shaking so much she pulled the dildo from the window with it still impaled in her, slumped down onto the floor and collapsed across her bed.
Relaxed now, she turned and looked at the window, It looked like it had been raining, streaks of her juices running down at various angles. She looked outside, George still hadn't moved. Keeping an eye on his cock again, she used her tongue to clear the window of her mess. Becky slumped back down onto the bed and started to doze off, a contented look on her face.
She didn't know how long it was, but she dreamt someone was lightly tracing their fingers across her arse and hip, then the fingers slid gently between her legs. Becky groaned and adjusted her legs. The fingers slid into her pussy. Suddenly she remembered masturbating with George outside and didn't remember getting dressed again. She groaned again as the fingers started sliding in and out of her, and realised she wasn't dreaming, it was happening. She quickly opened her eyes and turned to see Andy kneeling on the bed behind her, a huge grin on his face.
"Oh, it's you," Becky exclaimed.
"Well, who did you think it was going to be?" Andy asked.
"Nobody, I just thought I was dreaming," Becky told him.
"I've found a place we can try out tomorrow as you're not at uni. There's a shopping centre we can visit and nearby is a pub that serves meals, it's highly recommended, we could make a day of it" Andy continued.
"Sounds good," Becky answered.
The next day was scorching hot, Andy told Becky not to take a bag and he'd take his wallet to pay for everything. Becky got ready, and Andy smiled at seeing her. She was wearing a black thigh-length skirt and a white v-neck t-shirt, which showed off a fair amount of cleavage and also glimpses of her white lacy bra underneath. The shopping centre was a thirty-minute drive away, Becky passed the time by hitching her skirt up a little at each set of lights they stopped at by pretending she was scratching her legs to show off her legs to anyone looking into the car.
They'd been in a few places, buying clothes for each of them when Andy saw a lingerie shop.
"Come on," he said, "let's get you some new underwear to go with your new dresses."
They'd walked around for a few minutes and selected a few items, grabbing the attention of a young sales assistant about the same age as her. Becky called her over and asked if they had changing rooms to try them on. The assistant pointed them out at the back of the store, telling them she could take five items in but Andy had to wait outside.
Becky tried on the first three but wasn't sure about the colours or look. The last two were the same item, a deep plunge body set with fishnet, with just enough fabric to cover her nipples and pussy, and fishnet sides and front which plunged below her belly button and to about two inches from the top of her pussy. She'd selected one in white and one in black, and put the white one on first. She looked at herself in the mirror and instantly felt herself tremble with excitement. Because of her curves, the back disappeared into her arse like a g-string, and the front allowed easy access for her fingers. She slid her finger down inside and felt her damp pussy. She knew Andy would like this.
She pulled back the curtain and stepped out, calling Andy to look. Andy turned, but so did several other people who turned instinctively at hearing her. Andy gasped, and a couple of men got slapped on their arms by their partners for showing their approval too. The sales assistant shouted over and told Becky to go back in.
Becky pulled back the curtain, her heart racing at the other men seeing her and their reactions to her. She took off the white body. Despite still having her thong on, the gusset was damp. She put on the black one and instantly knew how good this looked contrasted against her pale skin and red hair. If she had that reaction to the white one, what would this get?
Despite the sales assistant telling her not to, she opened the curtain and stepped out again.
"How about this one then?" she asked.
The question was for Andy in particular but half the store turned and looked upon hearing her. She quickly scanned people as they turned and looked. She heard one man telling his wife she needed to get one too. Andy wasn't the only one who approved. The sales assistant came and gently pushed Becky back into the changing room and pulled the curtain shut behind her.
"You can't keep coming out of the fitting room, don't do it again please," she said quite firmly.
She went to step back out, turned back to Becky and said, "You do look fucking hot in that one though. Try some black hold-up stockings with it for maximum effect."
Becky told her she'd take the white and the black, and a pair of stockings for each. The sales assistant smiled and walked off, leaving Becky to get changed. They paid for the items, the assistant pointing out her name on the receipt and the store phone number if she needed to speak to her about anything, anything at all.
They went back to the car to drop the shopping in the boot, then made their way to the pub to eat before going home. The pub itself was one very large room, with the eating tables at one end by the kitchen. They sat and read the menus before a waitress came over to the table.
"Ah, you did come back again then, and so soon," she told Andy.
Andy ordered their food then explained to Becky that he'd been in there the day before, that's how she recognised him and how he knew about it. Andy only had one drink, then had soft drinks because of driving. Becky was thirsty because of the hot weather and had drunk a bottle of wine while eating. Andy went to the bar, and when he bought their drinks back told her he'd heard two men talking about being able to see up her skirt. Becky responded by opening her legs a little more, just enough to make it not look obvious.
She watched their approving glances until they stopped hiding it and just stared. Becky told Andy to get some more drinks and she'd be by the pool table. They started playing and got quite an audience, mainly because each time Becky leant over to take a shot her breasts tried to escape from her top, and her skirt rode up to her arse. The waitress came over and bought them another drink each, telling her that someone had bought them for her.
After their third game, Becky told Andy she needed the toilet. She went over to the bar to ask the waitress, who pointed out a door.
"Are the ladies and mens through there?" Becky asked.
The waitress laughed.
"When the shopping centre started expanding the brewery improved this old place too, trying to go more upmarket and modern. The toilets are all in together but don't worry there are only cubicles, so you won't walk in on any men standing at a urinal."
Becky mock groaned that she wouldn't see that, and the waitress laughed with her. Becky nodded to Andy and told him she was going to the toilet. Andy said he needed to go too and followed her. They walked in, Becky first, and she was surprised how clean and neat it was set out. The room was like a corridor, a marble worktop was right down one wall with several sinks dotted along it, the other side was separate cubicles. Becky went to walk into one, and Andy pulled her to one in the centre and quickly squeezed in with her.
Becky laughed at him, then looked down as he released his cock from his shorts, telling her he was going first. Becky reached a hand down and told him she wanted to hold it while he pissed, to see what it felt like. Andy closed his eyes at her touch, and when he'd finished Becky told him she needed to shake it, that was right wasn't it? She instead stroked his cock, feeling him harden in her hand. She took some toilet tissue, wiped the end, then bent and took him in her mouth. Andy groaned a little too loudly. Becky pushed him back against the door, slid down her thong and sat down to go herself. Sitting on the toilet, she leaned forward and took Andy into her mouth again while she pissed.
With the sound of the splashing water, she'd not heard the next cubicle door open and shut, until she felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned in shock and saw an arm prodding through a hole in the wall. The arm felt about until it found her breast then started kneading it and tweaking her nipple through her top. Taking her mouth off Andy she looked up at him, but he was smiling and nodding at her. She let the hand continue to stroke at her until it was pulled back through the hole. Becky leant forward to try to see through the hole and saw a cock pushed through in its place. While not the biggest cock, it was circumcised and already erect.
She went to look up at Andy to see his approval, but him pulling her top off and his hand on her head guiding it towards the cock gave her the answer. She licked it up and down, coating it in saliva and feeling it jerk on her tongue. The hole was just big enough for the guy's cock and balls to fit through, Becky having no idea what he looked like, or even how old. Although the cock wasn't big, the balls were. Looking up at Andy for final approval, she sunk her mouth onto it.
Becky easily deepthroated him, and after removing her bra used her hands to stroke and tease his balls. It took only about three minutes before he started coming, Becky taking the first spurts into her mouth before wanking him quickly, making the rest go over her breasts. She licked the end clean of any remaining semen, then the cock quickly disappeared. Becky looked up at Andy and started scooping up the semen to put in her mouth but Andy stopped her, pointing to the other wall. There was a similar-sized hole there with a cock already jutting through.
This one was still soft, and Becky started to stroke it while playing with Andy's cock with her other hand. He grew quickly, this time he was a very reasonable seven inches long. Again Andy guided her head to it, and Becky slobbered and slurped on it hungrily as it was pushed into her mouth. This time she wanked it and worked her tongue around it, and when he started to cum Becky aimed all of his load over her large breasts. He came a lot, some of it hanging and swinging from Becky's erect nipple.
Someone else had replaced the first guy on the other side. Again he wasn't particularly big, about six inches long, and Becky placed her top on the floor to kneel on. This time she didn't look at Andy before sinking her mouth onto the cock, her hands on the cubicle walls keeping her steady as she let the cock fuck her mouth. Andy crouched and removed Becky's thong from the one ankle it was wrapped around, then slid his fingers between her legs. His rubbing at her pussy and clit coincided with the cock erupting into Becky's mouth. She didn't spill a drop. She stood and faced Andy, instructing him to sit on the toilet seat.
"I need your cock up me right now," Becky whispered to him, "I'm so turned on."
Andy sat on the seat and Becky sat back onto him, facing the toilet door. A cock had been pushed through both holes, Becky sitting with Andy fully impaled in her, not riding him but just enjoying the feeling of his fat cock filling her up. She wanked the two cocks, alternating licking and sucking on each in turn. It took a while for these to cum, but when they did Becky took their loads over her face, rubbing their cocks clean over it too. Andy got his phone out, not wanting to miss the chance to get a photo of Becky's cum-covered face.
Another hand was pushed through, this one different. It was smaller, more feminine, the bright red nail varnish that looked familiar. Becky turned to face the wall, and the hand snaked between her legs, instantly rubbing at her clit. Becky groaned loudly, then bit her lip. She let the hand work its magic for a bit, then turned and put her arse right against the hole. She felt something wet on her clit, as a tongue replaced the hand. Fingers pushed her lips apart as the tongue worked wonders on her. Becky could feel herself on the way to orgasm and pushed her arse back against the hole. Three fingers slid into her pussy, and a thumb slid into her arse.
Andy pulled Becky down and slid his cock into Becky's mouth. She slobbered on his cock as her body shook more and more until she came, her juices flowing out and down her thighs. She slumped forward and the manicured hand came back through the hole. Andy stepped forward and the hand started to stroke him, pulling him towards the hole. His stomach pressed against the cubicle wall as he felt the hand removed, and a wet willing mouth engulfed him.
The mouth was as good on his cock as it had been on Becky's pussy. It worked along his shaft until it was soaked in saliva, then momentarily was gone. Something wet slid along his length, Andy realising that she'd turned as Becky had, and his cock was in her pussy. He looked at Becky shocked and told her. Becky stood, kissed him passionately while pulling his nipples with one hand and squeezing his balls with the other.
"Give the lady what she wants then," Becky whispered in his ear.
She stood close up behind him, pushing him against the cubicle wall, her large erect nipples rubbing on his shoulder blades and her hand cupping his balls. She pushed her groin against him, keeping him in place. On the other side of the wall, the owner of the pussy started pushing back onto him, groaning loudly. The faint sounds of her arse slapping against the wall could be heard as she pushed back onto Andy's cock.
Knowing he was going to stay put now Becky knelt and tried to peer through the hole. She watched as Andy's cock was gripped tightly, pussy lips opening and closing as they moved along his shaft. Becky had just enough room to push two fingers under Andy's balls and into the hole, finding the other girls clit as she did. a large groan was emitted again, and Becky kept her fingers in place so each push back filled her pussy with Andy's cock and flicked her clit onto Becky's fingers. Her sounds became louder them more muffled, Becky guessing she'd put something in her mouth to try to quieten herself down.
The body started to shake and quiver as Andy announced he was getting close to cumming. The owner of the pussy came and slumped forward making a slurping sound as Andy's cock left her. Andy quickly felt a mouth envelope his cock again and a hand wanked him quickly. Becky pulled his arse cheeks apart and started licking around Andy's arsehole. Tender delicate little kisses but too much for Andy who'd never felt anything like it before. He came, his first two spurts flooding her mouth, the next few over her face. she slumped back and sat on the toilet seat, hearing the door to the next cubicle open and someone leave.
Becky knelt and started to lick his cock clean.
"Hope you've got something left for me?" she smiled up at him.
She stood and straddled him having made his cock good and hard again. She rubbed her large breasts against his chest as she rode him, a mixture of sweat beads and drying semen coated them. Despite this, Andy put his hands on either side of them and squeezed them together, biting and pulling on her nipples with his teeth.
Andy heard a noise and looked behind Becky. He gasped and stopped Becky riding him to look too. Sticking out through one of the holes was the largest cock either of them had seen. Weights guy at the gym had been big, but this was bigger still. It was black and circumcised, and despite being not erect was a good nine inches long. Becky climbed off Andy and put her top back on the floor, kneeling to get a closeup. It was as dark coloured as her skin was pale, a perfect contrast between them. She measured it against her arm and gasped loudly when she saw it reach from her elbow to her wrist easily.
She stood back up and whispered to Andy to ask him to take some photos as a reminder. Andy nodded, in awe of the owner of the impressive cock. Becky had told him he was big and fat, and he knew from the pool he'd been the biggest there, but this was something else. Becky knelt back down, stroking the cock with both hands, one hand not being able to reach around now it was getting erect. She rubbed it across her face, feeling the warmth of it and his pre-cum tracing lines across her face. She tried to get it into her mouth unsuccessfully, managing about three of his twelve erect inches only before gagging due to its girth. The end was covered in saliva which was trailing down the shaft.
Becky rubbed along its length with her palm, then slid the cock between her tits. Even though she had an impressive 38D rack, the cock still showed despite her squeezing her large breasts around it. Becky started to tit wank him, bowing her head down to not only look at it but to bob her tongue out the tease the end. Andy had crouched down by now, taking a lot of photos as close up as possible. Her hands became almost a blur as she wanked him, then she paused while the owner fucked her tits instead.
Becky needed some release herself, having this impressive cock between her tits was fine, but her pussy ached for some relief. She stood up, turned her back to the wall, and stood just far enough away that she could grab the cock and rub it along her soaking wet slit. She groaned loudly as it parted her lips, rubbing it against her arsehole too, along her pussy lips and then against her clit. She had big dildos, but this felt so much better. Andy took photos of the big cock rubbing at her pussy, the owner trying to push forward into her but Becky just far enough away that he couldn't enter her.
Hearing Becky's loud squeals, Andy stood to take photos of her face, screwed up in the excitement and showing exactly how much she was enjoying it. He realised exactly how much when she took him in her mouth and sucked on him furiously. Without thinking, he withdrew from her mouth and whispered to her.
"Do you want to fuck him?"
Becky paused momentarily and looked up at him.
"But you said you wouldn't want that didn't you?" she asked.
Despite the mild protest, Andy could tell by her face and the tremble in her voice that it was exactly what she wanted.
"I won't really know unless I do watch, and it's not like it's a normal cock and we don't know who it is. It will also make for great photos," he answered, "but don't let him cum up you," he added a little anxiously.
Becky smiled and mouthed a thank you to him.
"If you don't like it then tell me and I'll stop," she instructed him.
Andy nodded, then she felt his hands on her hips. Still with her hand on the giant cock guiding it, Andy pushed her gently back a step so the end of the cock entered her. Becky groaned loudly at the feeling of being stretched. She pushed back a little more and cried out, the owner of the cock keeping still and letting her work at her own pace. Becky paused and wiped a hand between her legs, gathering up some of the juices running down her legs and using it to coat the length not inside her.
Andy took a couple of photos then used his hands to pull Becky's arse cheeks apart. Slowly but surely Becky took more and more of the cock inside her until she had about nine inches in. She reached down and pulled out some toilet paper, folded it and put it into her mouth and bit down on it, knowing the final push was going to make her cry out. She put her hands on the opposite cubicle wall for leverage, shuffled her feet back so her heels touched the other wall, then took a deep breath and pushed back. She felt the coolness of the cubicle wall against her arse cheeks and the fullness of her pussy with all twelve inches inside her. She had a momentarily feeling of being proud of herself, then looked at Andy.
Andy had sat back on the toilet seat but was leaning to see the giant cock filling Becky up. He was smiling while stroking his erection, so Becky began the next phase. She eased off the cock a little, then thrust back onto it. She did this a couple of times, getting used to it. With herself fully impaled again, she took the phone and stood as upright as she could. She took a couple of photos between her legs, her lips parted like a pale pink rose with just the very base of the cock showing, and his large balls seemingly attached to her pussy.
She gave the phone back to Andy who switched it to video. Becky put her hands back onto the other wall and started to ride the cock, slowly at first until she'd got used to letting most of the cock leave her before thrusting back onto it, then getting faster and faster. She groaned loudly and the toilet paper fell to the floor. She knew she was making a lot of noise now but was enjoying the feeling of fucking the large cock too much to care. Andy was caught in two minds as to carry on filming or to put his cock in her mouth to suppress her moans and groans but got the answer soon enough.
Someone else had come in, and a cock was pushed through the other hole. It was already erect, and about as big as Andy's but not so wide. Becky read Andy's mind and moved her head down to suck on this new cock. She soon got her rhythm going again, each thrust backwards pushed the large black cock deep into her pussy, each push forwards left her deepthroating the other. Andy filmed her for a short while and then put down the phone. He stroked his cock with one hand, using his other to reach under and play with Becky's clit.
Becky's body started to shake at the intense pleasure she was feeling, and suddenly she started to gag, semen running from her mouth and was cascading down her chin and neck. The cock in her mouth had erupted and there was that much semen she couldn't keep it from spilling out. The guy withdrew from the hole but he'd already tipped Becky over the edge. Her legs gave way as her orgasm shot through her, and there was a loud slurping sound as the big black cock left her body.
Sitting on the floor now she had enough energy to lift her arm and start wanking the cock as fast as she could manage, Andy holding her head to face it as he wanked directly in front of her face himself. Eventually, she felt his cock pulse and he started cumming, stream after stream of semen covering the left side of her face, Becky opening her mouth wide to catch some too. Just as he'd finished cumming, Andy followed suit, this time over the right side of her face. He pulled her head towards him and the last few spurts shot down her throat.
They sat catching their breath for a few minutes, Becky saying she thought it was time they left. Andy took a couple of photos of her semen covered face before handing her the toilet paper to clean herself up. They dressed and left the toilet area. Becky expected knowing glances as they got back to the main room but there were none. As they walked past the bar though, the waitress from earlier called out to them.
She reached out a hand, bright red polish adorned the nails. She ran a finger over Becky's cheek and seductively slid it into her own mouth.
"You missed a bit," she smiled and winked at them.