This story is a work of fiction, and all characters are fictitious. Any correlation to real people is purely happenstance. This work results from a conversation's conjecture, specifically, what might make that storyline possible. Both characters are adults; one is thirty-six and still lives with her mother. The other character is nearing forty-seven and a widower. The main setting of the story is fictitious although Franklin is a common name for places in the south this one is not a real town. Warning, this story contains light female domination as well as CFNM. Leave a comment if you can guess the supposition of the conversation that enabled the story.
********
On Friday, Pamela Elaine Gane walked down her rural road with a plate of cookies. Pam could smell the fresh scent of the southern pine trees in the breeze and make out the house finch chirping in the meadow. The heat waves distorted her view over the asphalt road as she walked. Pam loved the country setting of her neighborhood. The houses were at least an eighth of a mile apart. Pam only put in a three-hour day, having worked a five-hour day the previous Saturday. She had to work Saturday at the library; it was part of a rotating schedule, which gave her a long weekend the following week. Now just before one o'clock, she walked down Martin's sloped drive. After hearing, that her new neighbor was a sexy widower from her friend Rachael, Pam, a petite yet shapely demure single woman, though naturally reserved, wanted to meet the new man. News travels fast in a small town, and Pam wants to meet her new neighbor as soon as possible. Available bachelors were scarce in the small dying town.
Pam and Rachael were best friends and had been since grade school, even though they were like oil and water personality-wise. A gregarious cashier at the small-town grocery store, Rachael could effortlessly get information from people, a great conversationalist. Though Pam, her best friend, was the studious wallflower, she never got anything she wanted to say out correctly. Pam always felt a bit daft when talking to strangers. It was true that opposites attract as they were ever so close, like sisters.
Rachael had learned his name as Martin. Martin had told Rachael how his wife had succumbed to a sudden bout with brain cancer. Martin, a fit near forty-seven-year-old, had purchased an aging farmhouse and quickly renovated it before moving in. This move to the southeast from California was an attempt to move on from his grief. Plus, live more economically off his trade pension. Luckily, he had been able to take advantage of the twenty-five-and-out plan since he had worked for the Bay Area union since leaving high school. He would have worked longer if his wife had not become ill, but her final months took everything he had, making retirement the only fiscally sound solution.
"He is super-hot," Racheal had told Pam on the phone just hours before. Pam had started to make cookies right then as an excuse to meet the new neighbor, and luckily her mother, Carrie, had left earlier that day for the weekend. Pam's aunt was sick, suffering from an as-yet unexplained sore throat and debilitating migraines, and asked her mother to assist her with daily needs and help look after her brother-in-law, Rex. Pam's uncle was useless in the kitchen, and the two sisters knew better than leave anything house-related to him. Her mother's trip might last the weekend or a week as the doctor had yet to diagnose what Aunt Cheryl had. The illness was scary but had been perfect timing for Pam's plan. Pam's mother smothered her a bit.
Carrie Gane was even more stand-offish and frugal than Pam and would have nixed the expenditure of the few dollars' worth of ingredients to make the cookies. Things had been tight since her father, Floyd Gane, had left her mother, but of course, Pam knew it would only be an excuse to control her. Pamela's job was rewarding but not very lucrative, though things were better with another income. After struggling for years to raise a kid alone, Pam's mother still lived in fear about finances, but Pam was too lonely to be concerned with money.
Martin Sayer lived in an RV until the renovations were complete. He was selling the small used class C RV after finishing the house. Martin's grown son Randall had helped with the construction but had left the day before to return to his life and family in CA. Martin had sold his modest yet overpriced Hayward tract home and used the money for a sizeable down payment. His new mortgage was a fraction of his California monthly obligation. Martin had picked the ten-acre wooded lot for the seclusion. After living in crowded California, he wanted a quiet place. Not able to ditch his city roots, Martin had segmented a piece of the property adjacent to the house as a fenced-in privacy yard, like those in California suburbs. This piece, "the yard," comforted him because the thought of the entire property overwhelmed him. This 'yard' is now newly renovated, including adding a pool. "You can take the man out of California, but you cannot take California out of the man." He had only just moved in a day earlier, moving his belongings from the barn where he had temporarily stored them to the house.
It was the early afternoon of a hot late summer day, and the humidity was rising with the temperature. Pam had reached the freshly painted farmhouse; the old place had never looked better. Pam could see a sizeable new addition to the formerly small structure. As Pam walked up to the now impressive home heard splashing noises coming from the backyard. The hot southern sun blazed down as Pam walked up to the black wrought iron side gate.
"Hello, is anyone home?" No answer.
Pam, a librarian, regionally considered the local spinster; the small rural town had very backward ideas. Honestly, who calls someone a spinster these days, but change comes slowly in the mid-south. In truth, she was as lovely as intelligent, and only thirty-six years old, and never married. Still a virgin, other than her vibrator, which Pam was cautious to hide from her mother's sure disapproval. Just how she remained a virgin as attractive as she was, seemed miraculous. Pam was awkward around the opposite sex, but men had tried to woo her, but her mother was very possessive of her daughter.
Pam clandestinely pleasured herself with the small chrome cylindrical device while reading female-led pornographic fiction. The female characters in the stories were so different from how she behaved she felt drawn to them. Pam seldom had kissed, let alone dominated men, but those plots stuck in her mind like sweet honey. She relived the fictional scenes in her head, substituting herself for the strong female characters. Pam always possessed a healthy sex drive, but recently, Pamela Elaine became insatiable. Her mother had almost caught her when she let out an audible moan while masturbating the week before.
Pam resented her mother for the sad reality that her overprotective and bitter mother chased off the few suitors that had an interest in Pam, just as she had driven off Pam's father. No one had shown interest in over five years, but Pam had resolved to be more assertive this time. So even though there was no reply, she steeled her courage and went through the unlocked ornate side gate. Martin swam in the long narrow lap pool; It resembled a 'Q' tip having a long narrow end opening into a large oval. An artificial waterfall flowed into the oval poolside, and Pam could hear the soothing sound of rushing water. The pool was seventy-five feet long, perfect for laps. Pam walked up to it, offering the plate of cookies. Fixating on his muscular form, Pam soon realized that Martin was skinny dipping as she stood next to his disheveled swim trunks on the pool deck. Martin, whose ears were under the surface, did four laps before noticing Pamela standing there. Each twenty-five-yard lap ends with a flip-turn as Pam sees all his tall, lean, sun-tanned body. Martin finally saw Pam and shyly swam quickly to the pool's edge.
"I brought you cookies; I am your neighbor. My name is Pam," she said.
Martin blushed and pressed close to hide his nudity along the pool wall. Pam had so enjoyed the view of his taught butt as he swam; she grew week in the knees.
"Can you hand me my swim trunks?" Martin asked, looking at his floral print board shorts seven feet from the edge of the pool.
Pam hesitated, fully clothed, realizing how powerful she felt while attractive Martin was nude. Martin saw a Cheshire cat smile erupt on Pam's face and a playful glint in her eye. Looking closer at her lovely face, he noticed that she wore tastefully sexy make-up. Martin had a thing for well-applied cosmetics, but his late wife seldom had worn them. Pam usually did not wear cosmetics either but today was special; she wanted to impress Martin. Martin looked down her enticing long neck to her curvaceous lithe body encased in a wispy yellow and white sundress. Martin fell instantly smitten with his attractive neighbor.
"No, come out and have a cookie," Pam teased.
Now unmistakably aroused by his predicament, Martin did not want Pam to see his erection. Martin did not understand his body betrayal; how even the chilly water placed no restraint on his lower appendage. No one had ever seen his hard-on other than his now-deceased wife. Martin had always been a modest man. He did not usually skinny-dip, but he remembers how great it felt, so today was an exception. He mistakenly had figured it was safe enough in this very rural setting. Martin's exposed circumstance felt incredibly embarrassing.
"Give me my shorts, please?" Martin begged, his eyes pleading with her as he spoke.
Pam liked her view of a naked man in the flesh for the first time in her life and was not about to let this opportunity pass so quickly. She picked up his trunks and twirled in her enticing sundress, naturally swaying as she walked away from the pool and sat at an umbrella-shaded nearby green patina bistro table. Martin could not help fixing his eyes on her ass as she walked away, only stiffening his problem. Pam formerly was a very skinny young woman but had filled out nicely after thirty. Now her backside was perfectly round, and her breasts were excellent. Pamela laid the swimmers on the table next to the plate of cookies.
Martin looked at the now farther away swim trunks lying fifteen feet from the pool. It seemed impossible to get that far without giving the sexy lady a show. Martin thought of running to grab his shorts, but the reticent nudist feared she would take them away before Martin could reach them. He decided that it would be better to wait and think a little longer.
"Don't be shy; come out and have a cookie," Pam entreated as she crossed her shapely legs, smiled coyly, and batted her eyes as she had seen in old movies.
Martin could see that Pam enjoyed his discomfort, which only aroused him further. He was slowly coming to terms with reality; he had to get out naked to get his shorts. He felt dread about his upcoming exposure and other feelings he hated even to entertain. Primal sexual feelings moral church-going men should not have.
"You will not leave until I get out? Will you?" Martin asked.
"No, I want to see your whole body," Pam said, blushing slightly.
"How long must I stay naked to satisfy you?" Martin asked, trying to hide how very much he wanted this.
"I won't say you must get out to see," Pam giggled.
Pam waited patiently. Though feeling bashful and horrifically distressed, Martin gave up and got out of the pool five minutes later. He tried to cover his privates with his hand. Pam quickly took his swimsuit and sat on it so Martin could not have it back. "I knew she would do this," Martin thought.
"Take your hand away and let me see, or no shorts," she said, giggling.
Martin uncovered his junk, embarrassed by his rigid state. He stood fearfully aroused as Pam stared at his hard circumcised penis. Martin felt intense excitement and wonderfully humiliated, nude in front of a sexy stranger.
"Are all men this big?" Pam wondered, staring at his over eight-inch prick. Pam felt gloriously empowered.
Martin's dripping body now gloriously exposed to Pam's inspection. Martin could see the loving hunger in Pam's eyes as she looked at his muscular form. Martin had kept himself fit by swimming, and that is why he had the exercise pool installed. Martin felt strangely thrilled by the experience but did not wish to admit it even to himself.
"Turn around slowly so I can see," Pam said.
As she watched, Martin turned slowly, shy but secretly pleased to show himself. His arousal did not relent, so she knew he was enjoying giving her a show. His feigned protest only increased her enjoyment.
"Wow, you have a nice ass. That was not so bad, was it," Pam said. This statement embarrassed Martin more, and he felt intense things that he could not fully process. A sense of illicit pleasure about which he suffered slight guilt. Martin always feared people somehow thinking less of him and knew they would for this behavioral trait, but still, it seemed a bizarre liberation of sorts. He felt liberated from his typically staunch mindset.
"No, I mean yes, I don't know," Martin said confusedly.
"You like it. Sit down and have a cookie, but do not cover that lovely cock of yours. I love seeing it hard like that," Pam ordered.
"Yeah," Martin said. He did not want to admit how well he liked it. In truth, he felt faint with the surge of raw excitement.
"My name is Pam; I live in the next house down the road with my mother,"
Martin looked at the beautiful five-foot-four brunette woman. She was even prettier than his wife had been and far shapelier. Her exquisitely creamy cleavage touched in the center of her chest, exposed by the neck of the spaghetti-strapped sundress. Her curly hair framed her lovely regal face flawlessly. Her expression seemed kind but resolved as if she had drawn a line in the sand for herself. She looked like a queen determined to do the state's business, confident and composed but effortlessly cordial. Yet there seemed to be a loving twinkle in her eye that said much more than her expression. Her eyes were a window to a core of goodness; Martin felt drawn deep into them.
Martin could not believe how unforeseen the day's events were becoming. He thought it would be a dreadful day when he got up that morning. Another empty chore-filled day, without any joy, just as they had been since the funeral. No way he saw anything like this happening, especially to him; he was a quiet, considerate man who had led a reserved life. Mundane was his usual normal. Martin was strong. He endured everything in stride; he even managed his wife's passing well, but only for the sake of his children, who had utterly lost it during the ordeal. Only while alone had he showed his genuine emotions, and then never for long, just a few tears before bearing up for the world once more.
"My name is Martin, I am a widower, my two children are grown, and I live alone,"
"You sure are sexy, Martin," Pamela gushed. Martin was five-foot-eleven and in excellent shape.
"Thank you, you are sexy, also." His eyes were staring at her ample chest, which did not escape her notice. Men around here had stopped looking at Pam like this, and she found the attention very flattering. She had just blended into the background with local men. She could feel her hard nipples straining to burst through her strapless bra and sundress. Martin licked his lips primarily due to nervousness, but Pam considered it a compliment. Pam could feel the beginning moisture of arousal percolating in her sex.
"You are the sexiest man I have ever seen naked," Pamela said. "But truthfully, you are the first man I have ever seen naked." She admitted quietly to herself.
"You have never kept a man naked before?" Martin asked jokingly.
"No, but I quite enjoy it," Pamela retorted, giggling.
"You are a fast learner," Martin replied.
Martin tasted the still-warm chocolate chip cookie.
"These are fantastic," he said.
"Thank you; I baked them just for you."
"How wonderful, I feel honored," Martin said.
"Has a woman ever kept you naked like this before," Pam asked?
"No, I feel defenseless, but I cannot complain; I like it," Martin admitted the last part quietly under his breath before looking away sheepishly. His wet, full head of slightly greying brown hair covered one blue-grey eye of his handsome face as he looked down at the natural stone pool deck. His tan face was ruggedly handsome. His lean muscular swimmer's body had little hair. His cock looked perfect to Pam; It was long and circumcised. Pam had seen pictures of uncircumcised men and preferred the look of no foreskin. Fluid was dripping from the end with arousal.
Pam had fantasized about her first man forever, but she mostly dreamed of the prince charming scenario. She had recently begun to think differently; if a man came around, she had to take what she wanted. She had lived her life on the sidelines far too long.
"I love the feeling of power I feel keeping you so exposed and vulnerable. It is intoxicating," Pam admitted.
Martin had been lonely since his wife's passing. Martin and his wife had married at eighteen and had their son the first child at nineteen. Martin had been married longer than he had been single. Though their sex life had become infrequent in the last years of the relationship, they still did have some sex. Martin had watched porn guiltily since Jeanette's death, but that was different from having a real relationship. Martin recently stumbled upon exciting clothed female nude male videos, and now he was living one. Martin wished to have genuinely repented for letting his eyes slip again by viewing porn, but the recent widower had only let out a half-hearted apologetic prayer. Now he realized temptation had come through the door he left open. Martin struggled to be sorry for his actions, though he knew he should be. His loneliness quickly trumped his guilt.
Martin took a bite of another sinfully good cookie, and she took a bite of a cookie as well. Martin watched her chew, loving the way her full lips opened to accept the cookie with each bite. Everything she did seemed sensual to Martin. The curve of her neck fascinated him, and the rest of her body set him afire. Pam seemed a sexy siren to Martin, and he felt drawn to her danger be damned.
"We need some milk to go with these," Pam said.
Martin enjoyed the sound of her rich, smooth feminine voice. It was much sultrier than that of his late wife's.
"I have some in the kitchen," Martin said.
Martin looked at Pam longingly. His eyes reminded Pam of how her puppy looked at her, a look of unquestioned adoration. Pam felt accepted, for the first time with a man, ever.
"Let us go into the kitchen and get some," Martin said.
Pam stood up as Martin did. He looked at his trunks as he stood up.
"No, I want you to stay nude. I know you are enjoying it as well. Is it fun being naked for me?'
"Yes, er no, I mean I love it," Martin said, wishing he held to the lie. The truth was embarrassing and confusing. Martin's eyes still confirm his heartfelt feelings. Pam could read him like a book and saw his loving response to her. She somehow knew she could claim him, and he would give himself to her.
"Good, now that we have that settled. Lead me to your kitchen. I want to watch your sexy bottom,"
Pam thought she saw Martin's cock twitch noticeably as she finished her compliment. "He is an exhibitionist and possibly slightly submissive; how wonderful," Pam thought.
"Alright, this way," Martin said as he opened and walked through the French door. He dripped water on the wood look ceramic tile as he headed to get the milk.
Pam watched his tight ass as he carried the plastic wrap-covered plate of cookies and walked into the house. She suddenly had the urge to spank him, wanting to know what his buttocks would look like with her red handprints on them. Reaching the island counter, he set the plate of cookies down before he entered the kitchen. Still fixating on Martin's ass, Pam had never thought such naughty things while with a man before. Something had ignited a dominant gene in her. Pam seemed to respond to his unspoken submissive vibe.
She swatted his ass, and he sighed and waited expectantly. His puppy eye gazed deep into hers as he looked over his shoulder. He did not move away from her assault as he froze, enjoying her abuse. He paused as he held his breath, wishing for her to continue. She hit his sexy bottom again, and he gasped. The smell of lust pheromones filled their nostrils. His heartbeat raced, and his hearing intensified as he heard the almost silent kitchen clock tick. He could feel every nerve in his body. The world looked technicolor. Their breathing grew labored in the engulfing sexual tension as her satisfying red imprint showed on his white buttocks. Martin felt alive, more than he had in years; he began to allow life responses again and disengage the autopilot he relied on since Jeanette's passing.
Martin had always been the initiator with his late wife, and now a sexy stranger took charge. She slapped his ass even harder; he moaned in excitement. That 'man up' part of him crusted over in non-feeling, lost with Jeanette. That preservation shell that had disassociated him from the world's pain crumbled as his true self was reawakening. The need to be strong for others was fleeting. Pam hit his red bottom again, causing pre-seminal fluid to drip off his hard penis head. Pam's heart sped up as she could feel the moisture between her legs. Overwhelmed, she stopped and pushed him into the modern kitchen. Pam did not recognize herself; it was as if a dominant spirit overtook her. Like the twilight zone, a surge of power invaded her brain.
"This is not me. Why am I behaving like this?" Pam mused. She remembered how she became the character she portrayed at a school play. This new personality reminds her of that. She was so bold as Corie in "Barefoot in the park" until she missed a line and her self-conscious nature crashed down on her.
Her arousal scent filled the lovely kitchen with its crisp white cabinets and marble counters; it looked like a picture of a home design magazine, though slightly sterile in its brazen functionality. He opened the stainless-steel refrigerator and took the milk; he Took two etched crystal glasses and poured them each a glass. Pam took a drink, leaving a milk mustache, and Martin licked it off as he kissed her. Not wanting to lose the upper hand, Pamela grasped his balls firmly. Martin gasped and let his tongue return into his mouth as Pamela forced her tongue into his mouth as she regained her dominance.
Martin's heart pulsed with excitement; he felt so alive and ultra-sexual. Pam's sexiness and her aggressive nature were very enticing for Martin. He Had long-lived with Jeanette, who was vanilla in the sack; Pamela promised to be so much racier to Martin. Martin dreamed of how it would be if Pam forced him naked long-term. A rooster crowed errantly yet timely in the distance, and Martin thought, "I am counting my chickens before they hatch."
Pam looked for a rubber spatula in the kitchen drawers. She held it under Martin's nose when she found one as a threat. He could smell the plastic of the recently purchased kitchen implement; his sensory faculties were now hypersensitive.
"I love spanking you. Do you enjoy being spanked by me?" Pam asked.
"Yes," Martin said though he wished he had not been so honest. The truth disturbed him to the core. Martin wanted to say "Mistress," as he heard in the video, but he felt self-conscious. "Why am I thinking these things?" Martin asked himself. "What would my church friends think?"
"Has a woman ever spanked you before today?" Pam asked.
"God no, my late wife was rather tame in the bedroom," Martin admitted.
"Before you, I never spanked a man before; it is exhilarating. Bend over the counter."
"Yes, Pam,"
Whack, she slapped his taut buttocks with the flat of the rubber spatula. Martin hissed as his knees felt wobbly. Smack, another blow of the spatula. Martin moaned in pleasure as the pain awakened his being.
"You like that?' Pam asked.
"God yes, Pam," Martin said. Martin felt he fell through the rabbit hole. "I must be more desperate for sex than I thought," Martin rationalized. "Why else would I act this way?"
Pam felt liberated, in control, and confident. Pam had never felt so vibrant. Pam hit him twice more, one time on each of his flanks, before putting the spatula in the sink. She rubbed his now red butt as she kissed his broad back.
"Are you an exhibitionist in nature?"
"Not before today," Martin replied. But the concept of exposure had been an obsession of late. After seeing an adult video with that storyline, he had recently fantasized about being a nude butler to a family of all sexy women. As if the video had caused a worm to eat the usually controlled moral side of his brain, Martin's mind changed forever, though unwilling to admit it.
"I do hope you are an exhibitionist because I like you naked,"
Both felt the transformation of this experience. Pam wondered if her new strong persona would dissipate shortly, as it had before.
"I am enjoying staying naked, today" Martin restated.
"Good, we are both learning new things about ourselves today," Pam admitted.
Pam slowly yet absent-mindedly caressed his abdomen as if cementing her possession of him. Martin shuddered noticeably. Martin liked how freely she touched him as if he had no say in the matter.
"I am not complaining," Martin said.
"If you do, I will have to punish you. I cannot tolerate whining." Pam looked at the spatula in the sink. Martin turned his head and looked deep into her eyes with unspoken understanding.
Pam turned Martin to face her and reached lower to grasp Martin's hard cock with her right hand and squeezed his balls with her other hand. She hoped he could not tell that she had never manipulated a man this way before. Martin gasped with expectation as Pam smiled. His large hard cock felt natural in her hand. "I think I will keep this and the man who comes with it," she thought.
"Do you like this, Martin?"
"Yes, I love it," he said.
"Good, because chances are I will keep this," Pam said.
Pam kissed Martin possessively, and Martin returned her kiss. It was the most passion-filled kiss they each had ever experienced. They continued kissing until their breathing grew ragged. Pam stroked his shaft, thanking her reading of bawdy novels for their education of edging and what to do. Martin moaned in pleasure, and Pamela grew more confident in her hand movements up and down his cock. Pam felt exhilaratingly in control. She stopped when she noticed his breathing slowing; the novel told her this would precede an orgasm. Pamela enjoyed the feel of his throbbing flesh as Martin whimpered under his breath. Pamela knew she could rely on her instincts to manage Martin. Once he began to breathe again, Pam stroked earnestly once more. She was waiting for him to show signs of the still impending orgasm. All too soon, he was nearing the ultimate pleasure point, just as Pam was getting into it.
"Not so fast; I want to enjoy this," Pam stated as she stopped stimulating him again.
"I was so close," He complained. Pam had successfully edged him; as the book had predicted, Pam took her hand away and snatched the spatula again. Pam whacked his bottom firmly with it.
"No whining, I warned you," Pam said.
"I am sorry, Pam,"
"Maybe if you ask nicely," Pam said.
"May I cum?
"No," Pam said.
Pam rid herself of the spatula and gripped his shaft again. Pam began manipulating him once more.
"I sensed you were close, but I am in control. You must wait till I let you," Pam stated.
She picked up the tempo of her hand up and down his sensitive shaft.
"Please make me come," Martin begged.
"No, I will let you when I am ready and not one second before," Pam restated.
"Please, Pam?" Martin said.
"No, I like keeping you needy," Pam said.
Pam brought him to the edge once more, and to think mother had told me "Reading was a waste of time," Pam mused amusedly. Shy Martin thought. he would never be with another woman after Jeanette, but Pam looked promising. "What if she is just a tease," Martin worried as he teetered on the brink of bliss. I need an orgasm.
"Please, make love to me," Martin said breathlessly, switching tactics.
"I want that also, but not without a promise from you," Pam stated.
"Anything," Martin said.
"You must be mine exclusively, forever," Pam said, showing her agenda shamelessly.
"Yes, only you as long as you keep me," Martin said, motivated by lust.
"I plan on keeping you naked as much as possible," Pam said, now just gently teasing his cock.
"Okay, anything," Martin said.
"You want to be my naked man?"
"Yes, I will be your naked man."
"Show me to your bedroom," Pam said.
Martin finished his milk like a boy trained by his mother not to be wasteful.
"You are a good boy," Pam noticed smiling.
Martin took Pam's hand and led her down the hall to the master suite. Once in the master, they embraced in an enthusiastic kiss once more. Pam soon broke the kiss. She kicked off her white sandals as they stood while still holding each other at the foot of Martin's bed.
"Undress me," Pam asked, wishing she sounded more demanding but still searching for a more dominant voice.
"I would love to," Martin said.
"Call me Miss; only we two will know it is short for Mistress," Pamela demanded with her newfound strength. Finally able to be dominant as her imagined self, though it was still challenging due to her naturally quiet demeanor. Pamela savored the moment, a liberate sexual anticipation building with each minute.
Martin gently removed her clothes; he kissed each body part and uncovered it. Martin's face showed amazement as if opening a precious gift. He pulled the straps of her sundress off, and it fell to the floor. He kissed her shoulders, it felt good, but Pam felt like she was losing control over Martin slightly.
"Pick my dress up and fold it now," Pam said, re-establishing her control.
He picked the dress up, folded it, and placed it on his nightstand. He removed Pam's lacy white bra. Once her perfectly sized, slightly sagging breasts were nude, he suckled her large nipples lovingly. Already overstimulated, the ultra-sensitive Pamela experienced a small orgasm from his fervent suckling.
"Fold my brassiere as well, Martin," Pam ordered after regaining her sense slightly.
"Yes, Miss!"
Martin folded her no-strap bra neatly and added it to the pile on the light oak nightstand. Martin Pulled her lacy white bikini panties off and stayed on his knees. Pam put her hand on his shoulder to steady herself as she stepped out of her panties, which prevented Martin from standing up, even if he wanted to get up. Pam pulled his head to her waiting, neatly trimmed sex, just as she read about in the very educational smut novels she enjoyed. Too excited to have Martin fold her panties as well. Martin licked her already moist labia, happy to savor her nectar. Pam shuddered as his tongue found her clitoris. She moaned as her legs trembled from the marvelous feelings she experienced.
"That feels so good," Pam exclaimed.
Martin was in heaven; Jeanette had not allowed oral sex, as she thought it was dirty. Martin had fantasized about doing this for years, but this was his first opportunity. Martin happened to flick his tongue firmly on her clitoris, Pam shuddered. Then, Martin knew he was on the right track and felt thrilled how Pam was enjoying his efforts. Martin was a giver, and pleasing Pam was important to him.
"Yes. Yes, that feels so good,"
Her encouragement motivated Martin even more. Martin's tongue grew more vigorous on her clitoris; Martin soon brought her to another orgasm. Pam pulled him to his feet and kissed him, grabbing his stiff shaft again.
"I want you to put this in me," as she laid back on the king-sized bed, pulling him with her. He embraced her as his rigid member parted her wet, hairless slit; she felt so amazingly tight as his circumcised head eased in. A moan bubbled from deep within her. Pam could not believe how great it felt. She could feel every pulsating vein scraping the sensitive walls of her womanhood. His dick was giant compared to her small vibrator, and it felt better as it pushed in deep. She grasped at Martins back as waves of pleasure enveloped her. Minutes later, Martin's legs flexing in the rhythmic action soon brought her to another colossal climax; It was the best she had ever experienced.
She began to worry after she recovered a bit, "I might get pregnant." That is when she felt a flood of semen leaking out of her womb. Martin collapsed into her embrace as he recovered. Pam felt so fulfilled as she embraced Martin back, but she could not shake her concern.
"Oh, no, I might get pregnant. I am not on birth control," Pam confessed.
"If I impregnate you, I will marry you, Miss," said the chauvinistic submissive.
"Damn right you will," Pam said.
"I have to confess something to you, Miss," Martin said.
"What?" Pam asked.
"You are the second woman I have slept with my whole life," Martin said.
"Did you and your wife wait until marriage?" Pam asked.
"No, but after we made love, we felt we had to get married," Martin said.
"Were you already in love?" Pam asked.
"I am not sure, I think so, but we were Christian, so we decided that marriage was the only way after that," Martin said.
"You are the only man I have ever made love with," Pam admitted.
"I thought so, but how you know so much already, Miss?" Martin asked.
"I have read a lot about it," Pam said.
"I feel like I want you to forever be my Miss," Martin said.
"Will you be my slave and husband?" Pam asked in a light-hearted tone.
"Are you proposing to me? Miss," Martin asked teasingly.
"I suppose so. Will you be mine?" Pam's voice was no longer playful.
"Yes, Miss!"
"Lick my pussy again and clean it well," Pam ordered.
"Yes, Miss," Martin said as he happily obliged.
That is when Martin discovered he enjoyed their combined flavors. He licked every inch of her inner folds savoring their combined richness. His tongues exploration found just where she wanted his efforts. Her breathing revealed she liked it on the base of her labia as well as her clit. Martin alternated between the two spots. He returned to the clitoris, completing a cycle.
"Yes, I'm coming," Pam exclaimed.
Pam shuddered in yet another orgasm. Martin became hard again, and Pam noticed it right away,
"You can put your wonderful cock in my pussy again. But try to pull out before you squirt again," Pam said.
"I will try, but I can't promise anything, Miss," Martin admitted.
Martin lined up to her tight slit and pressed into her hungry folds.
"If you cum inside my pussy again, I will spank you," Pamela warned.
This statement had the opposite effect of what she intended. "Now, I know I will surely cum in her," Martin thought. Martin relished the idea of another spanking. Martin thrust in and out of her slowly and steadily. His pace was slow until he approached his climax as Pam moaned incoherently. Then Martin's muscled body strained as Martin rammed his shaft much more forcefully into her hot vagina. Realizing she too wanted to spank him, Pam wrapped her legs around his ass as he pumped into her, blocking any chance of him pulling out. Pam longed to punish him for disobedience. Martin climaxed just as Pamela did.
"Lick it clean again, Martin," Pamela ordered.
"Yes, Miss,"
Martin moved his face down to her pussy and licked it clean again. Martin lovingly brought her to another climax. Unconsciously Pam closed her legs to hold his head against her pussy until she recovered. Realizing she had trapped him; Pam opened her legs. Pam looked at him sternly when he looked up lovingly from between her legs.
"Do not think I have forgotten your spanking," Pamela said.
"I know, Miss," Martin said as his erection returned.
Pamela stood up and pulled her sundress over her naked body. Martin looked at her sullenly.
"Give me a ride home so I can get some things so I can stay the weekend," Pamela said.
"Yes, Miss," Martin said, smiling at the thought of her wanting to stay the weekend.
Martin opened a drawer to begin dressing.
"No, no clothes for you. It is a short drive," Pamela said.
They walked to his blue Nissan sports car, not using the grey Nissan Pickup truck that sat next to it in his driveway. His driveway was long, and there was little chance of anyone seeing him nude. They got in, and she directed him to the next drive, and he pulled in. Her mother's house was visible from the rural street. Martin hesitated.
"The door is unlocked; we can hurry inside," she said.
Pamela's mother's house had seen better days; The stairs and railings of the weary porch needed repair. The over-patched roof must surely leak, and the corner of the front picture window had a crack. Martin hurried into the weather-beaten two-story farmhouse. Pamela led him up the worn wooden stairs to her girly decorated room; Martin stayed in the center of the room due to the pitch of the ceiling. She packed a vintage overnight bag. Pam packed her black one-piece swimsuit, three changes of clothes, and her toiletries from the bathroom, including a flat wooden hairbrush. She took the bag and kept the hairbrush in her hand. Now remembering the promised spanking, he grew fearful as Martin recognized Pam looking at the hairbrush while smiling her now-familiar wicked smile. Pam handed Martin her bag walked down the stairs and out to the front porch. She sat on the porch swing.
"Time for your spanking, Martin," Pam said.
"What if a car drives down the road?" Martin protested.
"Then they will see your punishment. Get out here," Pam said.
"Yes, Miss," Martin sat her bag on the porch and hurried onto her lap as the spring banged the wooden screen door shut.
"I am going to spank you ten times," Pamela said.
"Please hurry; someone is sure to see me," Martin said.
"I hope someone will; naughty boys should feel humiliation," she said.
Martin lay across her lap. Pam smacked his right butt cheek with the hairbrush.
"Ouch," Martin said as the pain seared his already sore bottom.
"One," Pam counted.
Then after waiting, she struck the left one. The pain was intensifying as she continued.
"Two," she announced.
Pausing 30 seconds, Martin felt like it was an eternity. Pam Spanked him again with the flat wooden beauty implement. Martin hissed and writhed on her lap.
"Three," Pam said. She rubbed his bottom lovingly for two minutes before striking his ass again. Martin felt intensifying dread of exposure.
"Four," Pam exclaimed.
Pam knew the habits of the people who lived on the dead-end road, and no one should be traveling down the road, but Martin did not. She enjoyed the sound of the brush smacking on his ass, then waiting a while before smacking his bottom again. Pam relished tormenting him. She kept him squirming naked across her lap for twenty minutes before she finished the tenth blow.
"Ten," Pam counted finally.
Martin felt wonderfully humiliated as he lay helpless across her lap.
"Stand up and face the road so I can take a picture," Pam said, pulling out her cell phone.
He worriedly faced the road until he heard the shutter click. Martin felt utter panic on the inside. "What if somebody sees me?" Martin thought, "What a way to start in a new community as a sex offender. If I am charged for public nudity, I will have to move again."
Martin suddenly jarred from his thoughts heard. "Rachael needs to see how red your naughty bottom is. I will send her the picture," Pam teased
"Please don't; she will show everyone. Miss," Martin pleaded. "I will have to move again."
"Your face is not in it; only we three will know it is you," Pam said, snickering.
"She might tell someone I am the one in the picture. Please do not send it," Martin said.
"I won't if you promise to be a good boy," Pam teased.
"I will be good, Miss," Martin said.
"I know you will! Hurry, get in the car. Our neighbor John Phillips will drive to his house in a few minutes," Pam said.
Martin entered the car and started the engine as Pam locked the faded red front door, though usually kept unlocked. She did not want anything to happen to the house left empty for the weekend and got in on the grey leather passenger seat. As Martin pulled up, stopping at the end of the circular drive, John Phillips drove his sun-faded once dark blue Ford truck on the road in front of Martin's car. John unwinding from his shift at the mill, was too busy enjoying his favorite country tune to notice Martin and Pamela. Martin's red, painful ass felt irritated by the leather seat.
"That was close, Miss,"
"I knew what I was doing; you can set your watch by that guy," Pam said
"I am so glad no one saw me naked,"
"You and me both, my mother would be so upset to hear all about it from the neighbors. But the risk of danger and the possible reaction of the neighbors was a rush," Pam said, smiling.
"You mean the danger of me getting caught, Miss,"
"Do not correct me; I still have the hairbrush," Pam said.
"Sorry, Miss,"
Pam leaned over and kissed Martin on the lips as she groped his erection.
"Your hard fellow sure likes it," Pam said.
"He often does not know what is good for me, Miss," Martin joked.
"I know he has been good to me," Pam jested.
"Trust me, he enjoyed his day immensely so far, Miss," Martin said.
"Drive us home; I want to go swimming," Pam said.
"Are you wanting to move in?" Martin asked, laughing.
"Might have to if my mother finds out we had premarital sex. My mother is quite conservative on such matters," Pam said seriously.
"You are welcome any time you want to move, Miss," Martin said.
After Martin parked the car, Pam went to Martin's bedroom to put on her black one-piece swimsuit. Martin just jumped back into the pool. The water felt soothing on his sore bottom. He loved the feel of the water on his naked body. When she came out onto the pool deck, Martin asked, "how come you can wear a swimsuit, Miss?"
"Because I am in charge."
Pam jumped into the pool and swam over to grab Martin's cock.
"Do you have a problem with that?" she asked, squeezing his shaft firmly; a smile flashed on her face.
Pamela's nipples appeared under her unlined swimsuit top.
"No, Miss,"
Pam kissed Martin forcefully. Martin grasped her breast through her suit. She bit his lip, and he took his hand away.
"Why did you bite me?" Martin asked.
"Because I can," Pam said playfully. Pam swam away from Martin, and Martin swam after her. Soon he cornered her in the shallow end. Pam kissed him fervently. Martin untied the string to her swimsuit top, and it fell away from her lovely breasts. He bent down to suck her pool water-hardened nipples. Pam cradled his head into her breast as she enjoyed the sensations on her sensitive flesh.
"You need to remember who is in charge. You are cute, but I will tell you when to suck my nipples," Pam said
"Sorry, Miss," Martin said though he went right back to sucking her hard right nipple.
"I will get the spatula out of the sink," Pam warned, but she loved his attention and did not want to stop him.
"I know, Miss," Martin said as he thought, "I love you." This time he had stopped.
"You may suck my nipples because I can tell how much you enjoy pleasing me."
"Thank you, Miss," Martin said.
Martin lovingly sucked her nipples for several minutes before she pulled his head up for another female-led kiss. Taking her lips off his, she looked into his eyes.
"I know you will do as I say because I own you now. If you question me, you will earn another spanking," Pamela stated.
"I can't ask questions, Miss?" Martin said.
"Do you want another Spanking?" Pamela asked.
"No, I mean yes, Miss," Martin admitted.
Pam re-adjusted her top and went to get her cell phone and the spatula. When she returned to the pool, she looked at Martin sternly. She propped the phone on the table with the kickstand and hit record on its video camera.
"Get out of the pool. Come here and face the camera," Pam said.
Martin came over as expected, his hard prick pointing at the sky.
"Now, masturbate for the camera," She ordered, filled with sexual anticipation.
"Yes, Miss," Martin said. Martin began stroking his boner, and Pam smiled wickedly.
"I am going to spank your naughty ass until you cum for me, but I do not want you to cum until I hit you at least ten times. If you cum too soon, I will use this spatula on your balls. Do you understand?" Mistress said.
"Yes, Miss," Martin replied.
She hit his ass with a spatula. The now-familiar technicolor sexual feelings washed over Martin.
"Stroke harder, Martin," Pam demanded.
Martin pulled his member enthusiastically. Martin was overly excited and worried that he would not hold out much longer. Pam slapped his bottom with the Rubbermaid spat again.
"Two," she said as she watched him play with himself.
"Three." She said as her arm swung again. Martin enjoyed the pain.
"Four," she said as she could tell he was about to shoot already.
"Stop stroking; I want to enjoy this," Pam said. Martin sighed; his expression showed dejection. Obedient, Martin stopped as ordered.
"Say, thank you, Miss," Pam ordered.
"Thank you, Miss,"
"What a good boy he is becoming," Pam thought, enthralled with how powerful she felt.
"I do want to hit your balls with this, but just not on the first date," she giggled.
Martin secretly was highly disappointed. She spatula slapped his ass again.
"Five," she called out.
Again, with the kitchen implement. "Six," Miss said.
Martin waited, still grasping his over-stimulated member. Martin felt happy, knowing Pamela had claimed him. He also felt humiliating tension and intense arousal, unlike anything he had ever experienced before that day.
"Start stroking it again, Martin."
"Yes, Miss,"
Pam hit with the Rubbermaid tool once again. "Seven," She announced.
Martin felt the bewilderingly pleasurable pain and humiliation as she administered the final three blows, just as he sprayed semen all over the pool deck. Pam stopped the phone from recording. Then she took off her swimsuit and lay on a chaise lounge with her legs spread.
"Lick my pussy, Martin," Pam ordered.
"Yes, Miss,"
Martin happily licked her as Pam watched the video she had just recorded. She trapped his head with her legs again, possessively.
"This is so hot, Martin. I so want to send it to Rachael." Martin worried about her intentions with the video, but Martin felt extremely lucky to find Pamela. He knew better than asking her about the recording. His tongue alternated between her magic spots, and Pamela bucked off the chair in pleasure. She let him up, finally. Pam looked at Martin, and she could see he looked wiped out. The sun was low in the sky.
"Let us go take a nap," Pam said.
They fell asleep in each other's arms. After only two hours, Pam smiled lovingly while looking at Martin when they woke.
"I am famished," Pamela said.
"There is food in the kitchen," Martin said.
"No, we should get dressed. Flo's Diner is still open," Pamela said. It was around nine O'clock, and Flo's would stay open till the football team returned from their away game late in the night.
"Okay, Miss," Martin said.
"Good, I want everyone in town to know you are mine," Pam said.
The two lovers showered together, and Pam washed Martin possessively. Martin scrubbed Pam lovingly also. He used the soapy washcloth to bring her to another climax, and she did not protest, though he had done it without permission. She knew his giving nature was showing itself, and she was not about to discourage such a valuable trait in who she felt to be her soulmate. Once they left the shower, Pam put her lovely red sleeveless V-necked dress on. She took time to apply tasteful make-up. Martin could hardly wrest his eyes away from her beauty. Martin put on grey slacks and a dark grey polo shirt. When they were ready, they left for the town in the sporty sedan.
"Are you happy?" Pamela asked.
"Yes, Miss, truly happy, For the first time in years," Martin admitted.
"I am also; I can't ever remember being happier."
"I hope the Diner serves tasty food. I am starving."
"The food is great there. I want you to call me Darling or some other term of endearment at Flo's," Pam said.
"Certainly, Baby Doll,"
"I like that. Most of the town will be out on a Friday night. Please hold my hand and act real possessive."
"Okay, I want every man to know we are a couple also,"
They pulled up to the Diner, and Martin left the car to open Pamela's door. Pam slid from the car and took Martin's arm. He held the door open for Pamela. They walked into the black and white checkered floor restaurant together as all eyes fixed on the couple. The vintage quarter-operated jukebox played "Love me Tender" by Elvis Presley. Pam pointed to a window booth.
"We should sit there. Flo allows customers to choose their seats," she informed Martin.
"Okay," Martin said.
They sat at the table that separated two black and white diamond tuck and roll benches as Flo came over and set menus on the teal Formica table. Flo wore a typical fifty-style waitress dress with an apron and looked sixty years old. Her husband Daryl was operating the flat top grill. The Jones family was eating across the room. Johnathon and Shirley Jones and their two twin toddlers sat at a table. The twins happily eat from plastic booster seats. Jason Coleridge, Pamela's graduation year classmate, sat at the counter, his enormous gut all but concealed his belt. He had married his high school sweetheart, Tiffany. Tiffany had tormented Pamela relentlessly all through school. Tiffany, the once cheer squad leader, had become as hefty as her husband. Pamela hoped Jason would run home to tell Tiffany about her hot new boy. Time does not heal all wounds; Pam still hated Tiffany.
Sheriff Douglas sat at his usual seat. His weathered features smiling at Pamela, he was always kind to everyone, sharp enough not to break the law. He was nearing retirement age but still a force to be reckoned with; no one took his massive six-five frame lightly. The local hardware store owner, Carl Rogers, put a quarter in the jukebox, selecting 'love me do' by the Beatles. Carl went back and sat with his wife as she smiled; it was her favorite song. Fourteen other people were inside the packed restaurant as well.
"Let me know what you decide, sweety. You too, handsome," Florence said.
"Okay. Have you met my Martin? He just moved into the Terrel Place," Pamela said.
"No, how do you do? I am Florence, but you can call me Flo," Florence said.
"Hello, very nice to meet you," Martin said.
"Your Martin? Honey, I have never known you to work this fast," Flo said.
"It was love at first sight, right Martin?" Pamela said.
"Of course, Baby Doll," Martin said, grasping Pamela's hand.
"Martin and I would like the famous chicken fried steak," Pamela said.
"Is that what you want, Martin?" Flo asked.
"Yes, I would like a cola as well," Martin replied.
"Make it two Coke's," Pamela said.
Florence went to see other customers.
"How is it going, Jason?" Flo asked.
"About ordinary, Tiffany is angry with me again," Jason, the yesteryear star quarterback, replied.
"How are things at the mill?" Flo asked, not wanting to hear about Jason's failing marriage again.
"We are making quotas, but the equipment is aging, and Dad is not sure when we can afford to retool," Jason said.
"The equipment will last; it always has," Flo said, trying to encourage him. Flo's father had worked at the textile mill for 45 years. Most people in Franklin worked there or farmed. Flo brought the cokes over and gave Martin the once over again. She whistled and winked at Pam.
"He is mine, Flo. You have Daryl," Pam said.
"I know, honey, but Martin is sure a hunk," Flo gushed.
"Order up," Daryl announced.
Flo brought the two plates to the table.
"Here you two love birds go," Flo teased good-naturedly.
"Are Roy and Rachael at the game?" Flo asked.
"Yes," Pam answered, thankful that she was not their third wheel this Friday night as usual.
"This is great," Martin exclaimed as he took a bite of the chicken fried steak. Daryl smiled from the kitchen. Daryl liked to keep the customers happy. The Diner was perfect for him; he could cook, and Flo oversaw the front end.
"Let me know if you need anything else," Flo said as she left to check on other customers.
After the meal, Martin paid for the food and tipped Flo well. Pam took Martin's hand and gave him a walking tour of the small downtown. It was all of two blocks of buildings erected in the nineteen-twenties. She led him from the drugstore, passing by the hardware store and the courthouse to the antique store on one side of the street. The downtown's eleven antique streetlamps shone down, and several older pickup trucks passed on the worn asphalt road as they walked. The curbside community round-faced clock struck ten, and only the drugstore was open at such a late hour. Then they crossed over the two-lane asphalt road and came back by the jewelry store, the police station, and the music store, and they also entered a convenience store. It was the only newer building, but still, it was thirty years old at least. One of the county's few immigrant residents, Kumar stood behind the counter. He wore his Sikh turban. He proudly ran his newly purchased store; Kumar looked small and short behind the tall counter.
"Should I buy condoms?" Martin asked quietly.
Kumar smiled. He had overheard Martin's question.
"No, but maybe we could get some wine," Pam said.
Pam whispered, "I don't want mother knowing we are making love. If you buy them here, everyone in town will know, including mother."
"We are not teenagers," Martin whispered.
"I know, but just do it my way, please," Pam said.
Martin Chose an inexpensive California white zinfandel. He took it to the counter.
"Will that be all?" Kumar asked in a heavy Indian accent.
"No, wait," Pam said, grabbing a spearmint gum package.
Kumar rang the items up, and Martin paid cash.
"Thank you, come again," Kumar said politely.
They left the chain convenience store.
"You know if we keep having unprotected sex, I am going to make you pregnant."
"I hope so,"
"How will you explain that to your mother?"
"We will have to elope before I begin to show," Pam said.
"You have it all planned out already?"
"Yes, we can go to Florida,"
"Couples elope to Florida here. Back home, it is Reno or Tahoe," Martin said.
"Yes, it is Florida and the beach here," Pam said.
"Should I make reservations?" Martin asked.
"My vacation is in three weeks. We should go then," Pam said.
"Alright, I will research on the internet," Martin said.
Pam smiled. Pam made sure everyone out saw her with Martin. Martin politely said hello to everyone they met, but neither he nor Pam started conversations with anyone. They were both shy, and neither were chatty.
"When we drive home, I want you to drive naked with your clothes locked in the trunk. Will you do that for me?" Pam whispered in Martin's ear.
"Yes, Miss," Martin replied as his penis began to stir again.
They walked back to Martin's sporty sedan. The couple got into the car.
"Pull over just out of town, then remove all your clothes."
"Yes, Miss,"
Martin drove around the bend just out of town. He pulled over and looked at Pam fearfully. Pam could see his pecker was hard again.
"Strip, you know you want to," Pam said.
"Yes, Miss Pam."
Martin removed his clothes hurriedly, wishing to start the car moving as soon as possible. Martin pulled his shirt over his head and handed it to Miss Pam. Then he removed his shoes and socks and gave those to her as well. Next off were his pants and finally his underwear.
"Pop the trunk," Pam ordered.
With fear showing on his face, Martin pressed the button, and the trunk opened slightly. Pam took his clothes and lifted the trunk lid to place his clothes inside. She slammed it shut and slowly walked back to return to the passenger seat. Pam sat and used the mirror on the visor to check her make-up. Martin waited in agony as she seemed to stall, acting very evil. She wanted to prolong his suffering, knowing how much Martin enjoyed the tension.
"You can drive us home now," Pam said.
Martin started the car and sped down the road.
"Slow down; you do not want to get pulled over. Do you?" Pam asked.
"No, Miss," Martin said.
Pam reached over to stroke his stiff shaft again, and the car shifted down to climb the steep hill. Martin flinched as several cars passed on the other side of the road. Luckily all the vehicles were short, and none of the passengers could see his lower body.
"This feels so nice in my hand."
"I love it too, Miss,"
"Good thing it is dark. Someone might see. Our Franklin high school football team buss should pass us shortly," Pam said.
"Really," Martin asked, his voice quite shocked.
"It is Friday night, and it was an away game," Pamela said.
Martin tried to shift lower in his seat. Martin turned off the main road just as the yellow bus filled with sad sweaty young men passed the other direction. The hometown team was not particularly good this year, and they had lost fifty-five to twelve.
"That was close," Martin said.
"Yes, it was exciting, wasn't it," Pam said.
"Scary is more accurate," Martin said.
"When we get home, I will reward you for being such a good boy," Pamela said.
When Martin had parked his car in the driveway, Pamela walked to his frontier pickup and lowered his tailgate.
"Sit on the tailgate, Martin," pam said
Martin sat as ordered; the tailgate faced the road. Martin could see headlights through the trees upon the road returning from the game. He hoped no cars would accidentally pull down his drive. Pam took his hard cock into her mouth. Pam wanted to see what giving a blow job would be like, and now was an excellent time as any to find out. Martin gasped as her soft lips encased his tube.
"No one has ever done this to me before, Miss," Martin admitted.
She took her mouth off him.
"You want me to stop," she teased.
"No, please suck me, Miss," Martin begged.
Pam enjoyed how much Martin moved involuntarily in pleasure as she worked her mouth up and down his dick. She felt in control of his being while she blew him. Martin, though lost in incredible sensations, thought he should warn her before he spewed semen in her mouth, so when Martin got close, he said, "I am going to shoot, Miss Pam."
Pam continued until he unloaded into her waiting mouth, then she held his semen on her tongue and climbed into the truck bed. She then French kissed him to feed him his semen. Miss grabbed his hair to prevent Martin from turning his head. Although he did not enjoy the flavor, Martin just let her do as she wanted. As he complied, Pam felt even more powerful while a Barred owl hooted with its distinctive call from a distant tree, and the near-full moon illuminated the asphalt driveway. Pam caressed his muscular abdomen, and Martin shivered at her light touch. Crickets chirped as Pamela, at last, broke the kiss.
"Do you like the taste of your cum?" Pam asked.
"No, Miss," Martin said.
"I do, and I like sharing it with you, so you better get used to it," Pamela said, flashing her wicked smile.
Martin was getting hard again.
"You sure are horny for a person who doesn't like to taste his sperm," Pam said.
"It has been a long drought," Martin said.
"Sure, stud, I think you are afraid not to act disgusted."
"Maybe, I am not ready to be feminine or anything."
Pam felt horny again. She wondered if it was due to her age and 'biological clock.' She did notice her sex drive had increased. Pam spread her legs while sitting on the edge of the tailgate.
It was the first time Martin realized that Pam had spent the evening sans panties. Martin had spent most of his marriage having sex just once a week and sometimes even less. Even on his honeymoon, they had only done it once a day. Pamela and her high sex drive seemed like a gift from heaven so far.
"Give me that sausage again, then stud," Pam said.
Martin stood in front of her and thrust his pecker into her waiting slit. His erection was not as firm as earlier, but it was still workable. Pam enjoyed his thrusting as he slapped his balls against her with each full stroke.
"Fill me with your goo, Martin,"
"I probably won't give much this time," he said.
"Okay, then you will not have much to clean out with your tongue then,"
Martin's cock got stiffer when he heard her say that. He felt motivated to bring her to another climax but had doubts he would shoot again. Pamela began to moan in her, now familiar to him, way. Martin thrusts slowly, wanting her to feel all the sensations. Soon after, he shot semen as she climaxed once again.
"Be a good boy and lick it clean," Pam said.
"Yes, Miss Pam."