Dave fumbled with the hot pizza as he tried to balance the plate, his laptop, and the remote as he made himself comfortable on the couch. Monty Python blared on the television. He was taking full advantage with his wife gone for three days. It was a rare time to geek out, eat greasy pizza, and maybe even jack off to some raunchy porn in the living room or the sun room... hell, where ever he wanted to.
On the tv, John Cleese was now walking in an amusingly awkward way. Dave booted up his laptop and ate some pizza. After a long pull of beer, he browsed a few websites before going to Craigs List. He had been trying to find a bike before the weather warmed up, but so far no luck.
Perhaps it was because he was home alone, but Dave eyed the Personals. With a laugh, he scanned the 'Casual Encounters'. He shook his head at the obvious spam. A few caught his eye and he wondered idly if any of them worked. Clicking out, he noticed 'Missed Connections'
Man, he hadn't looked at those since they were called that in the Chicago Reader. He pulled it up and began reading a few of the ads...
All of you improve dudes - w4m
Cute barista in Wicker Park - w4m
You liked my perfume - w4m
Lincoln pub crawl - w4m
I've got a crush on you - w4m
A shock ran through Dave's body as he read the posting.
I've got a crush on you - w4m
I have an unbearable crush on you.
We are both married but I feel an immense chemistry. I nearly about choked when you mentioned that you were going to be lonely with your wife away till Thursday. Was that a hint? Or was that just the crazy Super Moon doing crazy things to our libidos?
You are adorable.
Nervously, he ran his hands through his curly red hair. It sounded like him. He had mentioned his wife being gone for a few days and then had chatted about the Super Moon... Could it really be for him? He opened up his email to respond back. And then closed it. What could he say?
He had a pretty good idea who it was at work... if it was him. He felt his cock harden in response. Josie had caught his eye since the first day of work. She was shorter, maybe 5'4" and curvy with luscious breasts and sensual hips. She always had a witty comment and was fun and flirty, but he was married and she was married. He had always thought it was a safe outlet for her to flirt without having to worry about a response.
When they would have the occasional lunch, Dave always had to fight to keep his eyes off her beautifully large breasts. A few times, he thought she intentionally wore something low cut or left a button undone to draw his attention. Because of his fair skin (damn that Irish blood!), he blushed easily. She'd laugh with her green eyes and smile innocently.
He reopened his email. Hesitantly, he typed out.
Hi,
I think I know who this is and I think your posting is for me. I am going to ask you tomorrow if you'd like to go to lunch. If this is really you, suggest we go to Potbelly's.
Dave hit send before he could reconsider and wondered if he was making a fool of himself. He realized that he was rock hard. He took a deep breath and resisted the impulse to jack off at that moment.
*** *** ***
Dave glanced up at the clock. 10:05. He nervously wiped his hands and glanced around the office. He could see the tops of heads as his co-workers continued as if this was any other day. Should he do this? What if he was wrong? Taking a deep breath, he got up and walked down the hallway. Butterflies fluttered in his stomach. He almost stopped at the bathroom but took a deep breath and powered on.
He turned the corner. Was Josie looking for him?
He saw a mass of dark red hair tumble forward and she appeared to be working furiously.
"Hey Josie," Dave endeavored to act relaxed. They had gone to lunch many times... there was no reason to be nervous.
"Oh... hey Dave." She smiled and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
"Busy day for you?" He pointed at the screen.
Josie giggled and shook her head. "Not so bad... you know, the usual stuff."
Dave leaned against the cubicle wall. Feeling it tilt dangerously, he stumbled upright as Josie's laughter pealed out.
"Careful Dave!" Josie's hand shot out and grabbed his forearm. Her hand felt warm and goosebumps shivered up his arm.
"Thanks." Blush warmed his face and blurted out. "Do you want to go to lunch today?"
Their eyes met.
"Sounds great! How about..." Josie's smile grew wider "Potbelly's?"
Dave gave an inward sigh of relief and felt his own smile widen in response. "That'll work. Noon?"
"It's a date!" Josie winked and Dave felt himself blushing once again.
Excitement shot through his body as Dave made his way back to his desk. He looked up at the clock, only 10:15. He wondered if he was going to get any work done before lunch.
The restaurant was loud as Josie and Dave sat across from each other, both about halfway done with their sandwiches and an unusual silence between them.
Dave tried to think of a sly way to bring up Missed Connections when Josie nearly caused him to choke.
"Was it your wife being away or the supermoon comment that clued you in?"
Dave fought to swallow his sandwich and he looked up at his flirtatious co-worker. Josie leaned forward and Dave realized just how low cut her shirt was. Cleavage jiggled enticingly. He knew he was staring and didn't care.
"Well..." Josie took a deep breath, filling her shirt even more. "I'm waiting."
"Um..." He licked his lips. "It was kind of both. I didn't bring up Cady leaving for work to too many people."
"When does your wife get back?"
"Not until Thursday night."
"So what are your plans for tonight?"
Dave chuckled. "None really..." Something in the expression on her face, a mixture of fun, passion, and excitement, made his cock harden. "Do you have any ideas?"
"Oh I have lots of ideas." Josie covered her mouth with mock innocence. "But we are both married..."
He felt his stomach drop. Perhaps this was all just flirtatious fun after all.
"Of course if we just cuddled on the couch."
Dave laughed. "Like teenagers?"
She nodded. "Even kissing. Kissing is not really cheating. I miss the days where the make out session was the goal and not a stop along the way to getting into a girl's pants."
"What about your husband?"
"Ryan? He's has volleyball tonight and won't be home until late."
"I suppose we should get back to work." Dave got up regretfully. "What time did you want to come over?"
The brilliant smile that lit up Josie's face put Dave at full staff. His cock pressed painfully against his pants. As they walked back to the office, Dave hoped his bulge wasn't too obvious.
*** *** ***
By 7:30, they were watching Breakfast Club.After all, Dave opined, if they were going to make out like teenagers what better movie? They were on the couch with Josie settled into the crook of his arm. His heart hammered nervously as the warmth waxed between them.
He smoothed her hair around her ear and she moaned and settled in deeper. Christ, he really did feel like a teenager again. Slowly he leaned forward and kissed just above her ear.
Josie turned, her teeth flashed before him... slowly she leaned forward. He closed his eyes and leaned towards her. He smelled her perfume, light and flowery. He felt her body press against his. His arms pulled her closer.
And they kissed.
He slipped his tongue and lightly play across her teeth. He felt her breasts pressed deliciously against him. So different from Cady! He pulled her closer and she came willingly. Their lips intertwined, followed by their tongues.
Excitement coursed through Dave's body. Josie's tongue was playful as it darted and danced with his.
Josie leaned back. "Well, that was just as delicious as I envisioned."
Dave laughed. "So I am delicious am I?"
"Most definitely!"
Josie leaned forward, full of passion. Dave felt his body respond, his cock erect. He moved his hips forward, pressing himself so she would know exactly the effect she was having on her. Josie groaned in pleasure and kissed him harder.
Dave got lost in the kissing. She would nibble along his bottom lip and playfully bite it. His lips wandered to an ear and then back. Their tongues hungered with longing. Vaguely, he heard the closing credits from the movie. Had they really been kissing that long?
His hands wandered along her shoulders down and cupped her breasts. Full breasts that filled his hands and felt incredibly sexy. He kissed her back, kneading her breasts, feeling the nipples harden through her shirt. With his right hand, he let his fingers move back to trace along the outline of her perkiness.
But when he moved to go beneath her shirt, Josie pulled back.
Her face was flushed with pleasure, but she shook her head no. "Kissing is ok... but more?"
Dave wasn't usually so bold, but he grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her back to him. As they kissed, he heard her purr with pleasure. He tightened his grip and the purr turned into a low moan. Slowly he pulled her back. Their lips almost touching as he stared into her eyes. They were an aching green that he had never notice before.
"You like me taking control don't you."
Josie looked down and nodded. "I do... but really kissing is my limit..."
Without releasing her hair, Dave's left hand took hers and put it on his cock. He rubbed slowly up and down.
"You can feel how much I enjoyed kissing... but what about this?"
He saw her actually blush! But when he released her hand, she didn't pull away. Softly, her fingertips outlined his cock.
She looked up at him. "Any ideas on how without crossing a line?"
"Hmm..." Dave was so turned out, he was surprised he didn't cum from her light touching. "I suppose we could watch each other masturbate. That'd be just like jacking off to porn."
Josie blushed an even deeper shade of red. "I... I've never done that. Don't know if I could."
Dave released her hair. Did a shadow of disappointment flit across her face? He laid down on the couch.
"Well if we are going to truly go back to high school days, then I say you climb on top for a little dry humping."
Josie's face bloomed with surprise before she broke into laughter. Before Dave could say another word, she climbed on top of him. Straddling him, he felt her groin line up with his. He was about to pull her towards him, when a wicked smile lit up Josie's face.
Her hips began to undulate as she bit her bottom lip. Her hands travelled all around her body. Dave couldn't believe how hot she was! He had never had a woman move in that way. Usually with a woman on top (particularly Cady) it would just be up/down, up/down until they switch positions or he came.
Jose hips danced back and forth, side to side... every so often she would grind hard and he cock could feel the heat of her pussy. Her hands had now moved to her breasts. She kneaded them until he could see both nipples bulleting her shirt. She pressed them up so they jiggled in time with her gyrations.
Dave felt his orgasm building.
Josie must have sensed it. She leaned forward, hungrily kissing him without missing a beat in her lap dance. Dave returned the kiss with just as much fervor. He grabbed her hips humping against her harder and faster.
The orgasm crashed through him! He couldn't believe he had cum from dry humping. He grabbed her hair roughly and kissed her until his spasms stopped. They lay like that, each catching their breath. His fingers now gently playing with her hair. She snuggled up closer and he felt every beautiful curve of her body pressed against his.
The television was now completely dark and silent and only their heavy breathing filled the room.
PART TWO
Josie walked into work with butterflies in her stomach. Memories of last night were sent waves of pleasure through her body. How would Dave act? Would it be weird? Did she want it to happen again?
She caught her reflection in a passing window and she blushed. She wore a green shirt with a plunging neckline that really brought out her eyes and a dark blue skirt that accented her ass.
Josie blushed and felt heat grow between her legs. She knew she dressed to catch Dave's eye and that if she were truly honest, then she would admit that she hoped Dave would want a repeat performance tonight. She adjust her skirt and continued on her way. After all, Cady would be home tomorrow and this little fantasy world would be put on hold.
The morning flew by until she got an email from Dave asking to meet for lunch. This time they met at Pompeii. Jose licked her lips when she saw him walk up. He was wearing a red flannel. She loved when he wore flannel. He smiled as he took a seat across from her.
Her nervousness disappeared as they fell into the usual work chatter. Her boss was acting like an ass. His had started ducking out at 4:30. It was only towards the end of lunch that a wicked smile on Dave's face started the butterflies a fluttering.
"Last night was a lot of fun." He leaned forward, flushed. "It's been a while since I spent a whole movie in a make out session."
Jose winked. "With dry humping don't forget!"
He laughed. "Yes, can't forget the dry humping."
She tried to keep the nervousness from her voice and asked. "So tonight's another night alone?"
Dave nodded. "Yeah, Cady doesn't come home until tomorrow."
"So tonight could be another make out session." Jose perked up. She felt a warmth beginning to build between her legs.
He smiled in response. "That's true... What about Ryan?"
"Yesterday was practice. Tonight's a game. I usually go, but I suppose I could make an exception..." As she trailed off, Josie leaned forward. She watched Dave try to avoid staring at her cleavage. She kept from laughing. He had been trying to avoid looking at her breasts ever since they had first met.
"Hmmm..." A wicked grin spread across his face. "But I want to do my choice instead of dry humping."
"Your choice?" Confusion roiled through her and then she remembered. "I - I" She stammered.
He grabbed her hand and held it tight. "I think you are hot Josie and this would be an incredible turn on."
Jose felt a blush rising in her cheeks. "Ummm... well... will we still make out?"
Dave nodded enthusiastically. "Yes! I really enjoyed kissing you. You have a very playful tongue."
Josie laughed and shifted in her seat. The warmth between her legs was beginning to grow hotter. "I think that we can do things your way."
"I don't know, you seemed awfully hesitant." Dave winked. "How do I know you are serious?"
Josie and Dave locked gazes and she felt the heat grow hotter. A wicked idea began to form in her mind. Before she could reconsider, she moved out from the table and stood up. Dave moved to get up, but she leaned forward and breathed into his ear. "Be right back."
A few minutes later, she returned back to the table. Primly, she sat down and began to finish her salad.
"Well?" Dave asked.
"Well what?"
"Why'd you step out?"
"I wanted you to know I was serious."
"And you going to the bathroom..."
Josie broke into laughter at his confusion. Finally she took pity on him. "Give me your hand under the table."
Confused, Dave followed her instructions. Intently she watched his face as his fingers felt something soft. She curled her fingers over his, until his fist was closed. He pulled back his hand and looked down. Confusion melted into excitement and passion.
"These are..."
"Yes that's my panties. You get to keep them until... later tonight. Until then, feel free to think of me pantiless for the rest of the day." Josie felt incredibly naughty and shivered in pleasure. She wondered if she'd get anything done at all today herself. "Now let's get back to the office."
She couldn't help but notice the obvious bulge in Dave's pants as they walked back to the office.
*** *** ***
Dave's teeth gently nibbled on her bottom lip. He pulled it and smiled as Josie squawked in mocked protest. He gripped her hair tighter. She moaned in pleasure and melted against his body. From the moment she had walked in the door, they had started kissing. There was no pretense this time. Just kissing... lots and lots of kissing.
They had moved from the door to the kitchen; from the kitchen to the couch. There they had spent the next hour and a half, teasing each other, grinding against each other. She was still wearing the skirt from work and it rode up, exposing her legs. Occasionally, he'd rub his hands on her thighs, but never so high that she felt uncomfortable.
The heat between her legs grew hotter... demanding.
She licked her lips and kissed him with renewed passion. Surprised at her renewed energy, he pulled her back with his grip of her hair. They locked eyes. Deliberately, he moved forward. Without breaking eye contact, he moved closer. She felt his hot breath on her lips. Slowly, gently, he pressed his lips to hers.
And then pulled back.
Josie groaned in disappointed and leaned forward but he gripped harder and held her firm. She opened her eyes to see him smilingly devilishly. He moved forward again and just barely brushed her lips before moving down the jawline, leaving behind goosebumps. He nipped her earlobe.
And then pulled back again.
His grip held her firm, but now even that was crossing the line from pain to pleasure. She didn't look down, but was worried just how far her skirt had ridden up. Dave moved forward. His tongue slipped into her mouth and this time there was no teasing. Lust pushed their lips together, almost violently. She encircled him with her arms, pulling him close. Her body felt so alive! With each caress, each kiss, the pleasure built.
How long they kissed, Josie didn't know. Her body radiated pleasure and goose bumps continued to ripple over her body. She needed release.
As if sensing her need, Dave leaned back, breaking their kiss.
"Are you ready for the next step." To her surprise, he had her panties in his hand!
She blushed, but nodded.
"Should we lean back here and watch each other?"
"Hold on a second." Josie stood to straighten her skirt and then bent over to hurriedly to undo her shoes.
SMACK!
An electric jolt of pleasure spiked from where Dave spanked her to her pussy. Josie froze, lost in the surprising sensation.
Her reaction was not lost on Dave. "Oh, you like that..."
SMACK!
A whimper of pleasure escaped her lips.
SMACK!
Of her its own volition, her hand snaked between her legs. Dave's hand was rubbing her ass.
SMACK!
Her fingers slid up and down along either side of her labia. She felt him pull up her skirt so her ass was completely bare. She knew she should tell him to put her skirt back down. But all coherent thoughts were out the window.
SPANK!
The sharp retort of hand on bare skin echoed through the room.
SPANK!
Her finger was on her clit now, each rub heightened the passion.
SPANK!
Each wave of pain pushed her closer.
SPANK!
"Oh yes! Yes Dave!"
SPANK!
Her legs began to shake
SPANK!
The orgasm crashed through her body, wave upon wave of euphoria. Josie continued with her finger until her clit was too sensitive for any touch. She collapsed on to the edge of the couch, her legs barely staying upright. She gasped for breath and heard Dave move on the couch.
She felt soft, warm kisses where he had spanked her. She also felt a rhythmic motion and realized he was jacking off to this! A trickle of liquid slid down her leg from her own orgasm.
The kisses disappeared. She heard Dave gasp and she felt his cum on her ass, spurt after spurt.
"Wow..." Dave breathed. "Here stay like that! I'll go get some paper towels!"
She heard his footsteps stop. "What's the matter?" She craned her neck to see him looking at her with a huge grin.
"Nothing," he shook his head ruefully. "You just looked incredibly sexy so I had to take a second look."
She returned his smile and wagged her ass playfully. "Too bad your wife comes home tomorrow."
PART THREE
Dave opened his drawer and smiled. A pair of black lace panties was tucked neatly between manila folders. He looked up quickly to make sure no one was near his cubicle. Dave picked them up and inhaled deeply. A post it note fluttered to the floor. He put the panties in his pocket and picked up the note.
"Played with myself in these panties this morning."
He grinned and felt himself get hard thinking of Josie, his hot co-worker masturbating. It had been three weeks since they had last played together. They had some flirty lunches that had escalated. At first, they'd drop innuendoes. Occasionally, Josie would flash some cleavage or a bare thigh. Dave once chatted with her, leaning against her desk his hard on clearly visible with his hand brushing against it. Earlier in the week, Dave had dared Josie to flash him on the elevator. In response yesterday, they had lunch and Josie had him pull out his cock and stroke for 30 seconds. He had felt a thrill of fear as he had discreetly done as she had dared. Josie's deep brown eyes had enjoyed his discomfort but soon enough he saw her eyes trail down and remained glued to his cock.
That night, his wife Cady had barely walked in the door when he had her up against the wall. Dave fell to his knees and pushed up her skirt. He roughly pulled her panties to the side and began licking. He felt her warm pussy respond almost immediately. He thought of Josie rubbing her wet slit as his tongue probed deeper.
"Oh yes Dave." Cady put a leg up on his shoulder, pulling him closer with her heel.
Dave responded by moving his tongue up and down her slit, moving up further until his tongue twirled her clit.
"Yessssssssss." She hissed. Her fingers intertwined in his curly red hair.
Dave's finger slid easily into her. Cady's hot pussy quivered. He slid a second finger in and he knew she was ready.
He stood up and they kissed deeply. She was too short for them to do it standing up so he led her to the couch.
"I don't know what's gotten into you." Cady purred. "But I like it."
He kissed his wife again before positioning her on his hands and knees.. His wife's petite build was not like Josie's curves. He felt a twinge of guilt but couldn't help but remembering Josie on that same couch, also bent over. He grabbed Cady's hips and slowly pushed into her. He remembered the feel of Josie's full ass jiggling with each spank and he imagined what it would have been like to fuck her. Her sexy hips perfect to hold on to as he fucked doggy style. Her tits violently shaking back and forth.
Dave pistoned in and out faster and his wife moaned in pleasure. He felt warmth flood around his cock and knew Cady had cum. He imagined Josie slamming back against him. He imagined Josie going to her own home and fucking Ryan, her own husband, as horny as Dave was. He wondered if she was thinking of Dave as she fucked Ryan.
His orgasm exploded and he squeezed his wife, staying inside of her until he shrunk and fell out.
Cady turned, smiled, and gave him a kiss. "Thanks hun."
Now, Dave fingered the panties in his pocket and smiled. He swiveled to his computer and sent a quick email to confirm lunch.
At noon, Josie swung by. His eyes travelled along her sensual curves. She wore a close fitting lavender dress. It showed off her breasts, but it was her hips that caught his eye. Knowing that she wasn't wearing any underwear almost made it impossible for him to stand up.
"You ready?" She gave him a knowing wink and a little shimmy of her hips.
He chose a quieter Mexican restaurant or as quiet as it got in the loop. At least the lighting was dim and the high booths gave them some privacy.
"Did you get my gift?" She leaned forward giving him an ample view of her bosom.
He nodded and pulled them out of his pocket. He gave her a wicked smile before bring them up to his face and inhaling deeply. "I suppose you want them back."
Josie nodded, but then glanced around before moving around the booth so they were on the same side. "I want to see something first."
Dave look at her confused, but aroused knowing that she was going to suggest something very naughty.
Josie rubbed his leg and bit her lower lip. "I want you to wrap my panties around your cock and stroke it."
He barely hesitated before unzipping and pulling out his already rock hard cock. The feel of silk and lace felt great along his shaft.
Her hand continued to rub his leg.
Dave looked into her eyes and smiled. "You wish you could kiss me right now, don't you?"
Josie's lips parted and she nodded.
"Did you have sex with Ryan last night?"
Her eyes widened in surprised and darted down to his cock. She nodded.
"Did you think of me?"
He saw her breathing get deeper, filling out her dress with each breath. She nodded again.
"I was so horny last night and thought of the last time you were on my couch." The sensation of the panties added a whole new experience as he continued to masturbate. "How hot you looked taking care of yourself." His hand moved faster up and down his cock. "How fun it was to spank you."
Josie blushed and whispered. "I want to see you cum." Her hand gripped his thigh. "Are you close?"
Dave nodded.
Her fingers grabbed a part of her panties and flipped the crotch over his head. He gasped at her touch! Her finger tips danced across the head as he stroked faster. She leaned over and bit his ear lobe, sending a sensation of pleasure coursing through him.
"So hot..." She breathed in his ear.
He gasped as he came. Josie's fingers gripped his head as he spurt in her underwear. Almost daintily, she wiped him up, rolled up her panties, and put them into her purse.
He zipped up and leaned back.
Their eyes met and laughed with released sexual tension.
His gaze moved down her body, soaking in her sensual curves, her tan skin, her sexy legs moving beneath her skirt. "Well I had my fun, but what about you..."
Josie laughed and waved her finger. "Naughty boy!" She curled her finger under his chin and lifted his gaze to meet hers. "I had fun this morning and will be having fun when we get back from lunch..."
She scooted out of the booth and grinned back at him. "Thanks for lunch!"
PART FOUR
Josie lay on the bed, legs akimbo with her husband, Ryan, nestled between. His tongue snaked up her labia. She ran her fingers through his hair, pulling him closer. If she almost closed her eyes, she could pretend his dark hair was the reddish curls of David. The thought brought a wave of pleasure.
"Yes... right there."
The tongue redoubled its efforts, concentrating on her clit now.
She looked down, squinting, imagining David licking her.
A finger slid inside her.
"Oh yeahhh..."
The finger moved up along the top, just below the clit and curled forward. Each movement brought a new wave of pleasure.
Ryan's voice broke through her fantasy. "Turn over hon. I'm ready too."
Josie groaned in disappointment but flipped over on her hands and knees. She arched her back, knowing that gave him better access. His hands grasped her hips and pulled her back. The tip of his cock moved up and down her slip. Teasing.
Ryan pushed her forward, away from his cock. "What do you want?"
"Push it in."
Slap. His hand spanked her ass. "I can't hear you..."
"Push it in!"
Slap. "Say please."
The sharp pain pricked her pleasure to greater heights.
"Please push it in!"
The head of his cock slip in, but his firm grasp on her hips kept Josie from pushing him in deeper. Slap. She gasped at the pain/pleasure.
"Be good or I'll take him out." She felt his cock leave and she groaned in disappointment, but didn't move. Slap. "Much better."
In a swift movement, his cock filled her in one stroke.
"You feel so hot and wet."
Slap. His hands left her hips. Slap.
"Now, you may move."
On cue, Josie began rocking back and forth. Slap. With each spank, she pushed herself back harder. She loved how he filled her!
Out of the corner of her eye, Josie spied movement. She realized, it was the dresser mirror. Maybe it was the trick of the light. Maybe it was because of her fantasies. But for a moment, it looked like David behind her. She half closed her eyes and let herself fall into the fantasy. That it was David she was pounding her ass against. That it was David who's cock thrust into her.
A shock coursed through her as she realized it wasn't herself she imagined David was fucking but his wife!
Josie had finally seen her co-worker's wife earlier that week. It had been a happy hour hosted by one of the vice presidents. Ryan was running late and so Josie was stuck gossiping with a few of the women from her department. She spied David and had the usual naughty thoughts before she quickly realized that he was with his wife.
Curious, she looked over her co-worker's head to get a better look. The woman, what was her name... oh yeah, Cady, was petite and lacking Josie's own sensual curves. Yet she couldn't deny that she was cute in an Audrey Hepburn type of way. She was surprised that she didn't feel any jealousy, just a frustration that she couldn't flirt with David. David spied her and a wary look crossed his face, but she gave him a winsome smile and shake of her head. She shook Cady's hand and exchange pleasantries before the swirl of people took them in opposite directions.
Now as she pushed back against her husband, she imagined David and Cady fucking in the same room. She imagined David fucking his petite wife hard. That sweet smile of hers transformed into a groan of pleasure. She wondered how Cady looked with her with her small tits bouncing back and forth.
"God yes!!" A flood of pleasure coursed through her. Ryan spanked her harder, tingling her skin, and punctuating the orgasm filling her body.
Ryan fucked her faster. Grasping her hips, he pounded against her as driven by his own impending climax. She grabbed a breast and tweaked her nipple. Each sensation created a wave of pleasure as her own orgasm slowly subsided.
Warmth spread within her and a heartbeat later she felt Ryan spasm within.
He gasped. "Yessssss."
He slowed and then eased out allowing them both to feel the full friction of his cock before pulling out.
"Wow," He pulled her up so he could kiss her. "You were very hot for it."
Josie kissed him back. "You have that effect on me."
Two days later at work, Josie and David were at lunch and the usual flirtations were going on. He was trying to get her to take off her panties right at the lunch table and hand them to him.
"But why my panties?" She asked coquettishly.
"I had the other ones for too short a time. I want to sniff them and think of where they've been."
"Such a naughty boy!"
"You love it." David looked at her confidently.
She met his gaze without flinching, wondering for the hundredth time how far this could go and if she could get Dave to participate in her next fantasy.
"Alright, I will give you my panties now..." Her smile widened.
"And in exchange..." David leaned forward. "Yes?"
Josie took a deep breath. "I want to watch you and your wife have sex."
He gasped in surprise. "You want to watch what? How?"
Josie winked. "I've been thinking about that. I wouldn't have to even be there." She leaned forward, knowing just how much of her spilled out in the low cut shirt she wore. "If you could just turn on your webcam and let me know what chat program you use and when you'll be doing it. I could log on and watch from my computer."
David didn't answer, but a smile scrawled across his face. Josie's hopes rose and her she felt a flutter of excitement.
Finally, he said, "Alright, I can do this, but I want something more in return."
She laughed and started to wiggle out of her panties.
He put a hand on her arm and shook his head. "Oh, I still want your panties, but I also want you to stroke me instead of just watch me."
Josie leaned back and eyed him. Lust and passion swirled through her body, but she also felt a cautionary twinge. Up till now they had flirted and kissed and gotten off. But there had always been a line in her mind. She had thought of their activities as like porn but never a direct hand (pun intended). Still, she really wanted to see David and Cady have sex. And stroking him would be fun...
"Ok, deal!" She held a finger. "However first I get to watch you and then I'll stroke you." Her red haired co-worker pouted. "Oh don't be like that." She looked around the restaurant, but their waitress was busy with a table of eight. Brazenly, she moved her hand beneath the hem of her skirt, to her crotch and began to rub. She knew she was already wet, but was surprised at the pleasure from the touch. David smiled and moved his legs so they touched hers. Faster than she thought possible, she knew she was edging toward an climax, but didn't want to do it in the restaurant. Regretfully, she pulled her fingers away.
Josie pulled off her panties and handed them over to David. "There... now what night should I plan to be at my computer?"
David took the panties and tucked them in his pocket. He winked. "Tonight around seven. Will that work for you?"
Josie waited anxiously at her computer. Finally, David's id popped up and she opened up a chat.
J-We still on??
D-Yeah... should be. Cady will be home in a few minutes.
J-Awesome.
Josie saw the movie camera icon blinking and clicked it. Dave's smiling face appeared. He waved. She could see that he was in his living room. The laptop must be up on the table or bookshelf because she could see the entire room behind him.
D-Hey there :)
J-How're you planning on doing this?
Dave laughed and winked.
D-I figured that I'd leave this cam on. When she came home from work, I'd seduce her right here in the living room.
J-That's hot! ;)
D-Thanks... hope she goes for it.
Josie saw David glance over his shoulder before racing over to his couch. The front door opened and Cady came in. Josie saw her in a gray slacks and a sleeveless black shirt. David got up and went over to her as she kicked off her heels.
David enveloped Cady in his arms and gave her a long passionate kiss. Josie couldn't see her expression, but she did see the wife fall into her husband's kiss. They made their way to the couch and fell onto it laughing. Jose felt a tingle between her legs... this was making her hot!
Josie turned off the tv and took her laptop into the bedroom. Ryan was supposed to be out with the guys tonight but didn't want him to just walk in while she was masturbating... at least not to her co-worker and wife!
She settled down in their bed and put the laptop next her. Her hands snaked down between her legs. They were still making out on the couch. Cady was on top, grinding on to David.
Josie maximized the picture and wished there was sound. Did David talk dirty with her? Did she moan when she kissed?
Cady got up and pulled him towards the bedroom. David shook his head and pulled her back down. Josie wished she could hear David's words. Cady slid between his legs and Josie could tell unbuckled his pants. Her head took on the regular, up and down motions. Cady was giving him head! Josie groaned in frustration... because of the angle of the laptop, all she could see was the back of Cady's head.
Still Josie slid off her panties. She could feel her wetness as she scissored her legs. She looked over and Cady was still going down on David. Josie reached over to her nightstand and pulled out a pink vibrator. Turning it on to the lowest setting, she teased her inner thighs. If only they would move to the side!
As if on cue, David glanced up at the cam. He leaned forward to say something to his wife. She nodded enthusiastically and stood up. She shimmied out of her pants and underwear. Josie had a great view of her petite butt. David slid down on the couch until he was lying down. Cady moved up and David turned her around before she straddle his face.
Josie gasp in surprise. She had never thought about sitting on a guy's face to get oral. For here, she had always been on her back when a guy ate her out. Cady certainly seemed to enjoy it. Her hips undulated on David's face. David's tongue flickered back and forth.
Josie moved her vibrator over her pussy lips. Little blips of pleasure caused goosebumps to sprinkle her skin. Cady was moving faster on David's face. Her face contorted in pleasure. Josie slowly inserted the toy into her.
Cady unbuttoned her shirt as she moved back and forth on her husband's face. She threw it to the floor and unhooked her bra. Josie drank in the sight of this beautiful, lithe woman. She began to play with her perky breasts. Josie moved her toy in time with the woman. Suddenly, Cady froze up, her hands squeezing her nipples hard.
Josie couldn't believe... Cady had cum already!!
She continued to move the vibrator in and out but knew she wasn't close to cumming. However, Cady wasn't done yet. She continued to grind her pussy into David before falling forward, towards the cam. She fished out David's cock and began to suck it.
This time, Josie had a perfect view as the couple began to 69. Cady kept her hand around the base of his cock and she lick up and down the shaft. Then she circled around his head with her tongue. It was clear that she really enjoyed giving head. Josie moved her toy in time with the motions.
Josie felt her orgasm building. Each thrust of the vibe brought great pleasure. She drank in the erotic scene on her computer. This was even more exciting than she had imagined. Cady reached down and began to play with his balls.
Josie turned up the setting on her toy and pushed it in deep and up along her gspot. Faster she moved. God damn this was so hot! She watched the two writing bodies, imagining she was in the same room with them. The toy moved faster. Cady was back licking his head.
Josie shoved the toy hard against her gspot and came!
She gasped for breath and pulled the toy out. Her other hand went up and played with her breasts. So different from Cady's. Hers were more than a handful and she loved how they could make men stare. Her fingers trailed over her nipples, rock hard from her orgasm. The nails left trails of pleasure as she caressed herself.
She watched the monitor, expecting David to cum soon. Instead she watched Cady begin to slow her motions. Her mouth left his cock and she spent more fondling his balls. The petite woman looked back and must have said something because she moved off of David's face and moved down his body. She pulled his cock up, lined it up against her pussy, and sank down on it.
Josie watched mesmerized as they began to fuck. Instinctively, she pushed the toy back inside of herself and switched it back on. The vibrations sent a hundred shivers of pleasure through her body.
Josie could see Cady riding David reverse cowboy so she could watch the wife's expression perfectly. The slim woman was once again playing with her breasts as she moved up and down, riding the cock. Josie began moving the toy to the rhythms of the wife, she turned the base and increased the toy's intensity. Every so often, one of Cady's hands moved down and tugged at his balls.
Though her view of David was obscured, she could see his hands kneading his wife's ass. Did he play with her asshole as well? She shivered at the thought. How far did he stick a finger in? Did they ever do anal? Ryan had brought it up once or twice, and while she enjoyed a little tickle there every so often, she never thought she could take something as large as a penis.
Cady's movements were more urgent now. She leaned forward, hands on his legs, and ground faster and harder on his cock. Josie felt she could hear the screams of passion. She amped up her toy again and shoved her vibe in harder. She was so close!
Cady moved faster, her whole body rocking. David's hands curled around her hips and increased the pace and intensity of their fucking. With each thrust, her whole body shook. With each thrust, Josie could see her mouth widen in passion. With each thrust, she edged closer.
Josie's own climax shook her body. Her pussy convulsed around the toy and she felt warmth seep out. Stabs of pleasure gradually lessened.
Still she almost missed the climax of Cady and David. The petite woman moved harder and harder until she collapsed forward, between David's legs.
At that moment, Josie heard the front door open.
Shit! She closed the chat program and started to shut down.
"Hey honey, my day was crazy..." Ryan opened the door and stopped shocked.
Josie blushed, knowing that she could do nothing about her nakedness nor the toy inside of her.
Ryan whistled and smiled. "Well, it just got a whole lot crazier." He began to shed his clothes. "You and your porn... I hope you saved some energy for me!"
Josie took out her toy and traced out her breasts with it. "Of course, baby."
She reached to grab her husband's cock and get ready for orgasm number three.
PART FIVE
"I can't believe you want to do this here!" Josie whispered.
David smiled. He turned to help her up the aisle in the dim lighting. They made their way to the back row and sat down. It looks like they had timed it perfectly as the last trailer had just finished up.
He leaned over to her and winked. "What can I say? For whatever, reason I never really did much in a movie theater... damn wasted teen years!"
There were five other people in the theater, but there were all clumped towards the middle. The action movie had been in theaters for weeks now and David had counted on it to be nearly empty. He had also chosen this theater for another reason... he grabbed the armrest and pulled it up.
"Nice..." Josie whispered and snuggled up against him.
"Plus, I figured you would like it as we'd have ample time for kissing." David leaned in and kissed her soundly. He felt her lean into the kiss, her breasts pressing up against him (so different from his wife Cady!). "I take it you liked the cam show last night?"
Josie nodded before kissing him again. She worked her way along his jaw, up to his ear. "I came twice watch you and your wife." Her hot breath caused a prickling sensation down his spine. "Does she ride your face often?"
"Only when she's very turned on."
"It was very hot! And I loved when she rode your cock."
David glanced around but their whispering didn't appear to be attracting attention. The movie was in full force with the protagonist in a car chase down a highway.
Josie grabbed his head and brought him to her for another round of making out. She was aggressive and teasing with her kissing. Her tongue darting around... playful. He wondered how it would feel giving him a blowjob. The thought instantly got his cock rock hard. He kissed her harder, pulling her on top of him.
She took the hint and straddled his lap. He glanced down and saw her work skirt riding up, revealing her sexy legs. He suppressed a groan of pleasure as he felt her grinding against his cock.
He grabbed her hair and kissed her passionately. He pulled tighter and felt more than heard a purr of pleasure. He felt giddy making out like this... After a few minutes on sensual teasing, he had to break off the kiss. Her gyrations were bringing him too close for cumming and he didn't want it like this. She leaned forward to kiss him again, but he tightened his grip on her hair. She whimpered playfully and stuck her tongue out.
"I want you to stroke me now."
Her eyes widened and nodded slowly.
David felt a surge of power... there was something about the way she nodded that made something click. Josie actions had displayed a submissive streak and he wondered how far she would go.
"Kneel down."
Josie slid off his lap and hesitated a moment before sinking to her knees between his legs.
"Unbutton a couple of buttons. I want to better see your breasts."
She glanced behind her, but obeyed. She undid three and then spread it out, revealing amazing cleavage. David drank in the sight. He unzipped his pants and fished out his cock. He was already half hard, but he was at full mast in just a couple of strokes. Josie's eyes were fixated on his shaft.
"Lean forward."
Josie gave him a quizzical look but did as he said. He slid forward on his seat and grabbed his cock so it caressed her cheek.
She flinched, but stayed where she was. "I don't think was part of the deal."
"Shhhhhhh... Just go with it."
The curvy woman smiled and closed her eyes.
He moved his cock up and down one side of her face to the other, enjoying the erotic sight of his cock on her beautiful face. Her skin warm, almost hot against his shaft. He moved it back and forth across her face, the head of his cock even with her lips.
His cock moved down her neck. Josie got the hint and straightened up. His cock moved down her neck, then chest before nestling between her breasts. She cupped her breasts and squeezed them together, embracing his penis. Slowly, he moved up and down between her tits. He had never dated a woman who could absolutely swallow his cock with her breasts. The feel of her skin, her silk bra... The erotic sight of his cockhead peeking in and out of her cleavage.
"You are amazing." David whispered.
Josie opened her eyes and gave him a brilliant smile.
"Now stroke me."
Her grin grew wider and without hesitation, she took his cock out of his hand. She began squeezing his shaft gently with both hands. Then slowly she began moving up and down. Dave let out a long, deep breath. He leaned back, enjoying the wonderful sensations. She stroked him evenly, enjoying the entire length of his cock. But each time she reached the hilt, she ended a little bit harder. Each time is pushed him closer and closer to a climax.
"I'm going to cum..."
Josie began moving jacking him faster and faster. Her eyes now moved from his cock to his face, watching his expression intently.
"Tell me when..." She entreated.
Her hands flew up and down now. David tried to hold back. Each stroke brought him greater pleasure. A handjob never felt so good!
"I'm about to cum."
"Shhh..." Josie laughed and brought up a paper napkin to cover his cock.
David lost the battle within and began to cum.
Josie clearly felt his manhood convulsing as she slowed with one hand and pressed the napkin with the other.
David slid down in his seat as he finished cumming. "Thanks."
"Oh no problem," Josie stroked his softening penis a few more times before crumpling up the napkin. She tucked him back into his pants. "That was very hot."
"Yeah it was."
He helped her back into her seat. They both sat there a moment, catching their breaths.
David looked at her, breathing heavily, clothes slightly disheveled... all in all, looking incredibly sexy.
"I'd like to as you something." David asked.
"Go ahead... I'm guessing we are passed the awkward phase." Josie giggled.
"Was that really a turn on for you, too?"
She met his gaze and nodded.
"Are you wet?"
She blushed and nodded.
"Show me."
Josie looked like she was about to say something sarcastic, but instead she widened her legs slightly. Her hand snaked under the hem of her skirt. For a moment, her arm moved up and down and then she took out her hand and extended it towards David. The fingertips clearly glistened with wetness. Without breaking eye contact, the red headed man leaned forward and took her fingers into his mouth.
David savored her taste. His tongue twined around her two fingers before he let them slide out from his lips. He noticed she was breathing heavy, her expression filled with lust.
"Do it again."
Without any hesitation, her hand disappeared under her skirt. She held her fingers out to him again, but he shook his head.
"I want you to lick them."
Josie closed her eyes and sensually took each finger into her mouth. She didn't flinch at all when he began playing with her tits. His hand moved under the shirt and bra to squeeze a nipple. She gasped and he twisted harder. He leaned forward and took an earlobe between his teeth. Gently he nibbled up and down her ear.
"I want to see you cum."
Without opening her eyes, Josie nodded and her hand returned to between her legs. David continued to knead her breasts. Looking down, her skirt was riding up her legs again. He could just make out her underwear and the frantic movement beneath it. He continued to kiss down her neck and then making his way to her lips. He kissed her a few times, but it was hard to watch her and he wanted to see his co-worker masturbating.
He tweaked her nipple. "You tasted so good." He bit her neck. "I bet you'd be so hot if you rode my face."
Josie groaned and her hand moved faster.
"You look very sexy right now." He moved his hand down to her bare thigh and began to massage her. "Cum for me Josie." His hand moved higher. "Cum..." Higher. He could feel the heat of her pussy. "Cum..."
"Oh!" Josie's entire body convulsed and her eyes flew open. Her hand slowed down. David looked around to see if her outburst attracted any attention, but it appeared that everyone was absorbed in the movie. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." She let out a low, long purr.
She lifted up her hand, but before she could wipe it off, David seized it and licked her fingers clean.
Josie giggled but David merely smiled. "You really do taste delicious. I couldn't resist tasting you again."
She removed her fingers from his mouth and replaced them with her lips. Her tongue plunged into his mouth, passionate and sensual. David felt his cock beginning to stir again when their kiss finally broke off.
Josie began straightening her clothing and then gathered her purse.
"You ready to go?" He asked surprised.
She nodded. "And I need you to walk behind me as we leave. I'm sure there's a wet spot on my skirt that I will need to take care in the bathroom!"
"But it's worth it?"
Josie turned and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. "Yes!"
PART SIX
Josie sat at the table, nervously fiddling with a knife. She looked at the time wondering where David was and if he got held up with work. Unlike previous times, they hadn't left for lunch together. The reason was part of why she was nervous.
Yesterday, she had been chatting with Noelle after work. She was one of her best friends at the company and her friend seemed ill at ease.
Finally, Josie had had enough. "Alright, Noelle, out with it."
"What?" Noelle looked startled.
"I can tell that you want to say something and I can tell you aren't happy about it."
"Well..."
Josie gave her friend a quick pinch. "Out with it will ya?"
"A couple of the girls went out for drinks last week..." Noelle trailed off and averted her eyes. "Well, you know how girls talk and gossip and two of them talked about you and David."
The curvy woman felt a ball of fear tighten in her stomach, but tried to keep her expression merely puzzled. "What did they say?"
"Well... they all talked about how friendly you two have been getting. Chatting each other up, flirting, going out to lunch..."
"Alright, I admit that I like hanging out with David." Josie gave a smile. "And I suppose there's a little flirting..."
However, Noelle just shook her head. "Sadly, that's not all. Julie said she saw a little more."
"What?!"
"She said she saw you guys at lunch one time and... Well, and she said you guys were awfully touchy feely."
Josie could feel her cheeks heat with blush and hoped her friend wouldn't read too much into it. "Noelle, both David and I are married. Yes, we flirt and enjoy each other's company... maybe we even flirt too much but we also wouldn't do anything to jeopardize our marriages."
Noelle reached out and gave her a hug. "I knew it wasn't anything! It's just that I know a few people here are friends with Ryan. I just didn't want things to get crazy because of rumors."
Now, Josie was sitting, hoping that David would get here soon. Her mind was going crazy. Sure she was worried about what her co-workers were saying, but the bigger issue was that now -
"Hey Josie!"
Josie looked up and saw David's cute grin. She waved him over.
"This place is on the other side of the loop. What made you choose it?"
Josie handed him a menu and looked over her own though she had already made her decision. "Well I had a conversation with Noelle."
"Yeah?"
"And she said that some people have begun talking about the two of us."
"Thus the restaurant far from work."
"And someone said they saw us at lunch together..."
"Uh oh."
"No! I think we lucked out there." Josie laughed. "She saw us being flirty... too flirty for two married people."
David let out a long sigh of relief. "Well that's good anyway."
They were interrupted by the waitress and placed their orders.
He leaned forward and asked. "So does this mean you want to stop?"
Josie shook her head. "It's not that. But what... I mean... David, I'm pregnant."
"What?"
She laughed at the shocked look on his face. "Ryan and I have been trying for a while. I even started taking hormones to make my body more 'hospitable'."
David took her hand and squeezed. "Congratulations! How far along are you?"
"Only five weeks. I haven't told anyone at work so no blabbing."
"Oh, I can keep a secret." He winked.
"Well that is very true!" She hesitated. This was the real reason for the lunch and she didn't relish what she had to say next at all. She looked down at the table, unable to meet his gaze. "The thing is David, like I said, we've been trying for a while. And now that I'm pregnant, I need to concentrate on that and not on things like our 'activities'."
"Josie... I'd be lying if I didn't say I'm disappointed, but I also know how important this is. I totally understand."
She looked up and saw the concern in his eyes and smiled. "Thanks David. I appreciate it."
Their lunch arrived and their talk fell into the amiable conversation of co-workers. As they finished, David grabbed Josie's arm before she could get up.
"I do have... well, I was thinking. You can totally say no, but..."
Josie had never seen him look so discombobulated. "Out with it David. I promise not to get offended."
David smiled at that. "Well, you saw Cady and I, I was hoping to watch you and Ryan... as sort of a last time thing?"
Josie felt a thrill in her loins. "Hmmm... I suppose that could work. When were you thinking?"
"Cady has class tomorrow night until nine."
Josie stood up and smoothed her skirt knowing it emphasized her curves. "That should work."
J-I see that you are prompt.
D-Yeah, I've been thinking about this all day.
J-lol... well Ryan went down to check the mailbox.
Josie then stepped back and made sure she was in full view of the webcam so David could see that she was naked. Then she stepped forward to type.
J- As you can see, I have a surprise for him when he gets back :)
D-HOT!
J-Enjoy the show!
Josie heard footsteps on the stairway and hurried over to the couch. She lay down on it and artfully arranged the throw pillows to hide her breasts and pussy. She loved the look of surprise on Ryan's face as he opened the door.
"Anything good come in the mail?"
"Babe, nothing compared to what I see right now!"
She sat up and opened her legs in invitation. Ryan took the hint and dove between her legs. She felt him nibble her inner thighs, slowly working his way closer and closer to her pussy. Josie glanced over to the cam and smiled. She was sure David had a great angle of the action!
Then her husband's tongue dipped between the lips of her labia, sending a shiver of pleasure up her spine. God! She loved how he ate her out! His tongue moved from the bottom all the up to her clit. Each lick penetrating deeper and deeper. Oh yes... she closed her eyes, letting herself fall into the pleasure.
A finger slid in as his tongue began to concentrate on her clit. Her hand moved up to play with her breasts. She'd give David a great show! She kneaded her breasts with extra vigor. As her fingernails trailed across her nipple, she felt a trail of pleasure from there to her clit.
The pleasure built within, rippling towards... He pressed hard on her g spot and Josie came.
Her hands moved down to twin into his hair, keeping him up against her pussy as the orgasm slowly slid away.
She released his hair and looked down as he grinned up at her.
"Turn over babe."
Without hesitation, she flipped over to her hands and knees. She rested her head against the top of the couch eagerly anticipating Ryan to fuck her. She was surprised to feel a finger in her pussy instead of his cock. She felt his kisses raining all over her ass as he continued to massage her clit and g spot with his hand. The kisses began to cluster, centering closer and closer to her...
"Ryan!"
"Shh babe. I haven't fucked your ass in a long time."
"But Ryan..." She trailed off as his tongue began to tongue her ass. The feeling between that and his finger was electric. She began to worry about David watching but what could she do? The tongue probed deeper, relaxing her tension and she instinctively pushed her ass up higher. The sensation wasn't as deeply pleasurable as having her pussy licked, but it sent taboo pleasure through her body.
Suddenly his tongue was gone and she spied him reaching for some lotion.
"Honey, get the lube for this."
Ryan stood up. "Alright, but don't move."
She nodded and watched him head up the stairs to their bedroom.
Josie looked over at the cam. She started to get up but hesitated. Should she shut it off? What was David thinking? Ryan and her had only done anal a handful of times and it was a very intimate act to her. Conflicting feelings warred within her, but then a flood of naughtiness overcame her. So what if David saw her get fucked in the ass? It'd give him a great send off.
She smiled wickedly into the cam and winked as she heard Ryan's footsteps come down the stairs.
David had been slowly stroking his cock not wanting to blow his load until Josie and Ryan did. Josie's body was phenomenal! Laying on the couch getting licked by her husband had been more erotic than any porn. Still, he was confused when Ryan left the room while Josie stayed on her hands and knees on the couch.
His cock got harder when he saw Josie stare directly into the camera with a sexy smile.
And then, Ryan was back in the room with a bottle and a cock shaped vibe. There seemed to be a small argument between Ryan and Josie, but then Josie nodded and put her head down on against the couch.
Her husband angled the vibe against her pussy and began moving it in and out of Josie. David saw him twist the base of it and the result was immediate! Josie began pushing back against him. Ryan spanked her ass as she moved back and forth and the spurred her on! Josie rocked harder and harder against the toy.
Suddenly, Ryan pulled out the toy! David grinned, practically hearing Josie's groan of frustration. The red head thought he'd have to remember that teasing move for his wife.
Ryan stood up and took off his pants, his erect cock were then freed of his boxers. David was puzzled as he saw the man put lube on his cock. Clearly Josie was already wet enough for him!
But then understanding dawned on him as the husband took a well lubed finger and began to move it in and out of her ass. Josie and Ryan were going to have anal! David watched him move the finger in and out as his other hand made sure his cock was hard.
Ryan picked up the vibrator and slid it into her pussy. He twisted the base and Josie flinched but kept her ass high in the air. Ryan was saying something to her as he lined up his cock and slowly sank into her ass. Inch by inch, the husband pushed his cock in until he was fully inside.
David was so absorbed by the sensual scene that he was completely shocked when Cady opened the door!
"Hey hon -. Oh my!" Cady dropped her bag in surprise.
David tried to cover up and close out the chat window as his wife laughed. She made her way to the bed and the pillow slid off of his cock. Accidentally, he maximized the window instead of closing it as Cady peeked at the screen!
"Couldn't wait for me and had to look at porn?" Cady grabbed his cock out of his hands and began stroking it. "Man, you like these amateur films, don't you."
"Y-y-yes." David stuttered out.
"I guess in some ways their interesting though I wonder how 'real' those girls are." Cady glanced back at the screen. Ryan had now begun fucking her in increasingly harder strokes. Josie had her hands on the couch actively pushing back. "She's a hottie though... look at those huge tits bounce!"
"I like your tits too." David said as grabbed her nipple through the shirt.
Cady gave his cock an affectionate squeeze and looked closer at the screen. Ryan was reaching below to do something to the toy. "Is he fucking her in the ass?" Cady looked back at her husband. "You still trying to get me to do that?"
David threw caution to the wind. "She seems to be having fun."
Cady nodded. "True... Well you keep watching." Her head moved down and engulfed almost his entire cock in a single swallow. David gasped in surprise. He watched his wife move up his shaft and begin to lick around the head. Her gaze met his and she shook her head. "I said watch the screen."
David obeyed. Ryan was moving in and out even faster now. Every few strokes, he spank Josie. Each spank jiggled her ass deliciously and spurred her on to fuck harder.
Her ass began to shake and Ryan arched his back as he stayed buried to his hilt clearly cumming in her ass. Slowly he withdrew. Josie stayed in her position, her tits swaying back and forth slowly as her own body came down from climatic heights.
Then she turned to face the cam with a tired, satisfied smile and David lost it.
Cady looked surprised but swallowed spurt after spurt. She kept him in her mouth as he softened.
She released him with a soft pop and got up.
"I'm going to get some water and when I get back, I expect to get some." Cady stepped back into the room. "But no ass sex..." She winked. "At least not tonight."
David laughed and nodded as he shut down his lap top.