Normally when I travel, I eat mostly quick meals, a lot of times fast food, and usually breakfast is right out of the Cheerios box. Sometimes, I get weary of this routine, and stop for a hot breakfast for a change, which is how I wound up sitting in a Cracker Barrel in Georgia one recent morning. I had put my order in, and was alternately reading the paper and looking around the room, since I like to watch people, though Cracker Barrel has the added interest of all the vintage ad reproductions around the restaurant. It was late morning, maybe 10:30, past the breakfast rush, but before lunch. I was at a middle table in the far section of the restaurant. There was one other table, two couples who appeared to be in their late 20's. The couple facing me was a guy on the aisle side of the table wearing khaki hiking shorts and a golf shirt and what I'm assuming was his girlfriend, who had light brown hair and blue eyes. I could see she was wearing a tank top, but that was all as the couple with their backs to me was blocking the view.
His attire was not notable so much as was his girlfriend's hand, which was resting in his crotch. She was gently flexing her fingers on him, which, if my experience of such things is any guide, had to be making him hard. His shorts were not tiny, but the legs had ridden up when he sat. As I watched, I could see my assessment was correct, and they seemed to be getting tighter. The girlfriend noticed this, too, and gave his cock a long slow rub as she talked with the other couple, making the head swell; I could see the outline down the left leg of his shorts.
Miss Hand Job let go of her boyfriend long enough for him to adjust his position to relieve the stress, but when he shifted, the head of his cock sprung out from the leg of his shorts. As he moved back into a comfortable position, his cock expanded, and now about half of it was exposed. His girlfriend wasted no time, putting her hand back on his leg, her thumb riding up and down the top of his shaft as her fingers gently squeezed the head.
The whole thing was getting me turned on, and I could feel my cock stretching down the left leg of my shorts as well. What made it so hot was not only was the girlfriend stroking her guy's cock in front of their friends in a popular restaurant with people passing by, but that she was so nonchalant about it, carrying on a conversation while eating her breakfast as if nothing was going on.
My waitress arrived with my food, interrupting my distraction just as the head of my cock was about to reach daylight at the end of my shorts, holding my further development off for a few minutes. Meanwhile, the spectacle at the next table continued apace, as Miss Hand Job now was gently stroking the part of her boyfriend's dick that was sticking out from his shorts as she chatted with their friends and poked her fork into her French toast.
The boyfriend was the poster boy for composure. Despite getting a slow motion hand job, he had not showed any signs of excitement whatsoever during this episode, though he was obviously getting more and more aroused. His cock had swelled considerably since it had first poked from his shorts, the head now flared, the veins in the shaft prominent as his girlfriend got him closer and closer to the inevitable conclusion. She didn't appear to be letting up, despite her measured approach, and the question in my mind now was, how does this finish??
My cock was now stiff as a post as I contemplated the possibility that she might bring him off right there under the table, and I absent mindedly reached down to feel my cockhead poking out of its confinement. I was a little surprised to find I was already leaking precome at the sight of the erotic scene in front of me. I squeezed my dick gently, making a drop of it ooze out, which I rubbed around the head, as I watched the couple at the other table and continued shoveling in my scrambled eggs and hash brown casserole.
The happy couple at the next table was still enjoying their breakfast interlude, she quietly, steadily, getting her boyfriend to the point of no return. He leaned over to her and whispered something in her ear, then they shared a fast kiss; then the other couple, the ones with their backs to me, did the same. A moment later, a big drop of come seeped from the boyfriends cock as it throbbed in his girlfriend's hand. She pulled back on it, leaving the head free, a thick stream of sperm now slowly flowing from it, hanging momentarily on the underside before dropping to the floor. She made a couple of circles on the underside of his shaft, and a thick, white spurt erupted, hitting his thigh, then dripping to the floor. The girlfriend kept working the underside his shaft as he came, making seven or eight more long streaks of semen shoot onto his thigh and the floor.
The sight of the couple in front of me having such an erotic moment was having its effect on me, a steady stream of come now leaking from the head of my cock. I wasn't sure if I should follow the example of the obviously happy couple and blast my own load onto the floor as well, or hold off and finish the job in a far corner of the parking lot after I finished eating. Then the other couple at the table forced the issue.
I could only see their backs, so I had no idea if they were aware of what their table mates were up to, or what their participation in this event might be. Then I saw a big white blob hit the floor in front of the other guy. It was followed by another splat of white, then four or five more. They had obviously been doing the same as their friends, only it took them a little longer to finish. The blonde girl with her back to me leaned over to her boyfriend and said something I could not hear, then kissed him. Another small white drip splashed to the floor. All of the diners at that table shared a good laugh at the side dish they had all enjoyed.
Over at my table, or more correctly, under it, the hotness of that whole scene overtook me. My cock had been pulsing against my thigh as I got more and more turned on watching the folks at the next table, increasing the friction on the sensitive underside. I suddenly felt the uncontrollable surge of a rising tide of come, my cock pulsing as the contractions took hold, and I started to shoot my own load in response to the erotic event I had just witnessed. Fortunately, I'm quiet when I come, and did not draw any attention to myself as I had my release under the table, though I suppose the guy facing me could have seen my spewing cock if he had been looking.
I finished coming, and found a wayward napkin on the floor, which I was able to move so that it was on top of the load I had just dropped beneath my seat. One of the upsides of being in a normally busy place at an off hour is that the servers are usually doing side work, or socializing, so I was able to do some clean up without embarrassing intrusions from the staff. I quickly finished up my breakfast, taking care to push the napkin around where I had left my "tip," then headed to the register to pay up and get out of there.
As I got up to go, I could see the foursome who had been my entertainment were still at their table, the girls now enjoying the fruits of their labor. I saw the one girl who was facing me gather up some of her boyfriend's sperm and lick it off her fingers. Then the girl with her back to me did the same with her boyfriend; I could see his come hanging off her index and middle fingers as she licked them.
They didn't stay long. I went to the men's room, paid, and went to my car. While I was checking maps-I'm old school that way-I saw them come out, now seeing that the girls, both rather attractive with a nice shape and maybe C cup tits, were wearing short skirts along with their tank tops. I wondered how the rest of their day was going to play out, now that they had gotten their boyfriends off and stoked the fires of desire for the rest of the day. I imagined the girls teasing their guys as they drove, flashing their panties, or maybe bare pussy, til the guys were hard again, then pulling into a rest area to quench that flame, one couple in the front, the other in the back. I watched as they all got in a Tahoe with North Carolina plates, my cock starting to firm up again as I considered the possibilities. Better get out of here before I get started anew; I have places to be. But I'll have a nice daydream to fill the miles to my destination.