[[Stories in the [Collared] universe are standalone but connected. If you want more details about the universe you can read "Pop Star", but it's not required. Tl;dr: open expressions of sexuality including nudity and sex acts are now protected under the Freedom of Expression clause of the First Amendment. These stories will explore ideas under that concept.]]
I sat in my vehicle across from the school taking a few deep breaths. I wasn't sure how this was going to go but I was determined to live my life the way that pleased me. I'm sure the other moms would accept it... eventually. So I stepped out and strutted over to the collection of other moms standing outside the school waiting to pick up their kids.
I had decided to wear my favorite black heels, which highlighted my ass perfectly. Which was readily apparent since besides the heels and the new jeweled collar my husband had got me there was nothing covering my body. I bit my lip as the afternoon breeze caressed my exposed skin, causing my nipples to perk up and my slit to begin to moisten. Several illicit fantasies danced across my imagination, sending pleasurable shivers down my back. But I gathered myself, held my head high, and walked over to the collected group in nothing but my skin. Showing no signs I'd ever heard of concepts like modesty or shame before.
Lost in conversation they didn't really notice me until I was almost amongst them. Then one gave a double take and gasped. This caused them all to turn towards me, most giving me dirty looks as they took in my naked specter. I just clasped my hands behind my back, sticking my chest out further, and pretending like nothing was out of order. My obvious arousal a badge of honor rather than degrading. I was a proud, nude goddess unremorseful in my exhibition. I was also turned on beyond belief, barely able to keep from touching myself right there in front of them.
"Hello ladies. How are y'all?"
One of the more stuck up women scoffed at me. "What's up is you're walking around like a slut, showing off your goods to everyone. Have you no shame?" Several others seemed to agree with her based on their expressions. Her dismissive attempt to disgrace me only hardened my resolve, and my nipples.
I smiled at her. "Why should I be ashamed? It's perfectly legal and my husband loves it. The last few years have seen a lull in our sex life. Now he can barely keep his hands off of me. And we've explored so many new situations and scenes. Several of them so scandalous I'm not even sure I'd admit to them if he didn't have them recorded. So if being comfortable in my skin and loving my sex life makes me a shameless slut, then sure. You should try it, you look a little wound up. I bet you could use a good public orgasm. Don't you agree ladies?"
She pressed her hand to her chest, seemingly mortified. "I could never. My husband would never tolerate it."
I shrugged. "You'd be surprised. I figured mine wouldn't want me to do this outside of the house and maybe our fenced in backyard. But he thinks it's great. We have coffee every morning on the front porch where all the neighbors can see us. I sit there facing the street, my legs wide open to display myself to anyone that wants to see every inch of me. After two of his friends stopped by during their morning walk to chat with us and ogled me the other day he could barely wait until they'd left before he bent me over our front porch railing, spread my legs, and took me from behind. It was so amazing having him just ravage me in public. He was still giving it to me hard as they made their way back and they watched me have multiple orgasms before he filled me with his seed. They even recorded it."
I pulled my phone from my bag and after clicking for a moment spun it around to show them a video of me moaning, cumming, and then looking up with a disheveled but obviously satisfied look to coyishly wave back at my audience. Seemingly unconcerned they'd just seen an act that until recently was confined to our bedroom. In the video I then turned, dropped to my knees and cleaned him with my mouth before tucking him away and sitting back down, legs again spread facing my audience, my well used and aroused pussy framed as if this was all perfectly normal. Which, for me, it was now. I had become unrepentable in my wantonness. Being seen and recorded didn't humiliate me, it inspired me to be more exhibitionist.
The woman grew annoyed that several of her sycophants started to grow more interested after seeing how well tended I'd been by my husband. He was a master at playing my body like an instrument and it showed. Obviously several of their sex lives had cooled since having kids as well. After she stormed off my friend Emma stood next to me and patted my shoulder supportingly.
"I wish I was as brave as you." She said, "Maybe if I had been my husband wouldn't have left me." She'd gone through a rough divorce several years ago that she still hadn't fully recovered from. Which was a shame. Both because she was a kind, beautiful soul but also because she was the hottest woman in our little group by far. All of the husbands, mine included, fantasized about her unabashedly. A plan started to form in my head.
I gave her a hug, the sensation of her clothes against my bare skin reminding me yet again of the dichotomy of being the only one naked in the group. "Hon, you're better off. Besides, it's never too late to start. He has the kids this weekend, right? My in-laws have ours this weekend. Come over and spend a couple nights with us. You can leave your clothes and inhibitions in your car and spend the weekend exploring your freedom and sexuality. You know my husband has got a big crush on you. He'd love to see you strutting around in your birthday suit and teasing him all weekend. You can even cuddle in bed with us. Maybe if he's good you can take him for a spin, if you want."
Emma bit her lip, seeming to consider it. "I don't know. I'm afraid I'd just chicken out."
I embraced her again, looking into her eyes. Like myself, I knew once her arousal got going her confidence would increase and her modesty would melt away. To her surprise I kissed her deeply, my tongue exploring her mouth. My hands slid down to caress her firm ass. She tensed at first, then relaxed and kissed me back fervently. After making out with her for a few moments I pulled back, maintaining eye contact. Ready to override her constraint with her libido. I had a hunch beneath that composed exterior was an indecent minx yearning to break free.
"Don't worry hon. Come on over tonight. I'll come out to your car so you're not alone and help you strip out of all these confining clothes. Once that superb body of you is bared to the night, us two naked vixens will go into my bedroom. Then we'll make my husband watch as I lay his crush down on our bed, spread those beautiful legs of yours, and slip my tongue inside your sweet pussy. He'll be so jealous as I lap your honey up, driving you wild with desire, until you can't help yourself but let go and cum right there in front of him. Then we'll strut our fine little asses downstairs and share a bottle of wine as he makes us a delicious dinner. I'm sure he'll be drooling watching your big perky boobs on display for him. Finally we'll share a nice bath together and I'll make him give you one of his amazing massages, finally getting his hands on whatever skin you'll allow him to touch. After that, it's up to you. We can cuddle together all night before he makes us breakfast. Or the three of us can explore any fantasies and desires you want. What do you think?"
Sometimes a fantasy playing out in one's mind can bring forth boldness you didn't know you had. She'd watched me intently as I'd sown the ideas for her. Her face grew flushed, her nipples forming two sharp points in her shirt, her eyes widening slightly. After I finished she just nodded enthusiastically. As I'd predicted the titillation had burned away any reservations. All she could think about was feeding the lust inside her. Being free of her clothes and inhibitions. Giving in to her desires. "Yes, yes, please! I'll be there at 7!"
I smiled and gave her a final hug before we collected our kids and left. After dropping mine off my in-laws I arrived home. I kicked my heels off at the door, reveling in the feeling of discarding my last piece of clothing - besides my collar of course - even though it covered nothing. There was something about being totally naked and barefoot that amplified the feelings. I had no protection at all now. I greeted my husband when he came home shortly after. He kissed me in our own front doorway before his fingers slid down and penetrated me. Obviously he'd been thinking naughty thoughts all day at work. I moaned into his mouth as he expertly massaged my folds.
I thought about how wicked I was. A few months ago no one had seen me naked besides my husband and doctor. Now here I was in full display to the neighborhood, bare assed, and getting fingered for anyone that wanted to watch. The sinfulness of it was almost enough to drive me over the edge. But I reluctantly pulled away from him and his talented digits. "We have to talk babe."
"Uh oh. That usually means I'm in trouble. What did I do now?"
I smiled. "Quite the opposite. You remember Emma right?"
His eyebrow quirked. "That hot, buxom divorced mom that I fantasize about debasing? No, don't remember her at all." He smirked at me. "Why?"
"Well, I saw the other moms after school today like we talked about. We got to talking about embracing my new lifestyle and she expressed some interest. So since we're both kids free this weekend, I offered to let her come over and try a trial run in a controlled environment."
"I'm not sure I understand." He eyes me skeptically, obviously playing his cards close to his chest to not get in trouble.
I then outlined the plan same as I had with her, his eyes widening and the bulge in his pants growing bigger. Once I was finished he said "So, I get to spend my weekend with two attractive women. Both bare head to toe. Worst case I get to see the two of you put on a sex show for me, massage, and cuddle with you. Best case I might get to do unspeakable things to her only limited by her reluctance?"
"Correct. Although, as a good little wife, I'm going to keep her on edge and so lascivious I'm willing to bet your friends will be sharing a video with us by Sunday of you bending her over the front railing while she wails in pleasure. If I don't record it myself and share it with them."
He paused for a few moments, then took my hands very earnestly while looking me in the eyes. "You are the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you so much."
True to form I sashayed out as she arrived and greeted her with another passionate kiss in the driveway, in full view of the neighborhood. The two of us quickly divested her of her clothes, tossing them inside her car before making a beeline for my bedroom. My husband sat in the corner, recording us and slowly stroking himself as I did indeed make her dance in pleasure upon my tongue. I'm surprised our neighbors didn't complain at her volume between the moans and filthy talk coming from her. She'd obviously been pent up since the divorce as I expertly guided her to a shuddering, forceful orgasm that left her shivering and oversensitive. After giving her a few moments to recover I sent hubby down to start dinner, then dove between her legs giving her a second, more tender one. I cuddled with her for a few moments after, both of us enjoying the touch of skin along our entire body.
Finally she begged to give it a try and I spent the remaining time until hubby called us down mentoring her in the ways of pleasuring a woman. While I didn't get my own orgasm we were both flush and turned on, groping each other's tits and playing footsie all through dinner driving my husband mad with desire. Emma even started to grow more comfortable, eating a pickle suggestively while offering my husband a smoldering look. Leaving him to clean up we scampered upstairs giggling where I ran a bath. We languished luxuriously, getting all our nooks and crannies clean including helping each other with some of the hard to reach spots - along with some enticing groping to keep us hot and bothered. Drying off we slipped into the bedroom where she laid face down on my bed, her legs parted immodestly, before looking at hubby and pleading with him to give her one of these massages I'd bragged so much about. "Please. Please touch me. She's always raving about how skilled you are with your hands and it's been so long since I've been touched by a man."
Showing an amazing amount of self restraint he worked his fingers deep into her muscles, turning her almost to putty. He slowly worked his hands from her shoulders, to her back, then skipped down to her legs, even massaging her feet tenderly. He knew all the magic spots there which was apparent as she squirmed and moaned deliciously. As he worked his way back up the inside of her thighs she spread them wider offering no resistance as he rubbed right up to the edge of her drenched pussy, before massaging her ass. Again she writhed with pleasurable little sighs.
After he finished he started to stand before she giggled and rolled over, spreading her legs even further and offering the whole of her body up for him. "Where are you going? I got plenty more for you to massage. Unless you don't want to?" She offered him a playful pout. "Do you not want to touch me? Do you not want to bring pleasure to my most intimate places? Think how jealous the other husbands would be knowing you have unfettered access to my entire body."
He teased her expertly, moving from her ankles up her legs slowly. Her hips raised, trying to coax him to touch her core before he slid his hands to her stomach then down her arms. Finally she grew impatient and grabbed his hands, pulling them to her chest. He smirked again slowly teasing her, massaging around her long, thick, aroused nipples before his fingers ran along their length from base to tip, causing her to bite her lip and hiss in excitement. He flicked them softly, ramping up her pleasure before her pleading eyes finally caused him to relent. He kept one hand toying with her nipples while the other slid between her legs, rubbing down the length of her pussy agonizingly slowly, then coming up to play with her clit. Her eyes closed and her legs again spread obscenely as her crotch lifted to press harder against his touch. He caressed her faster as she again keened in pleasure before her body tensed, toes digging into the bed, and she folded up shuddering as she came hard.
So intense was the experience that after she recovered we simply crawled into bed together tenderly, one of us on either side of him as we cuddled and drifted off to sleep.
The morning light woke us and we found ourselves alone in bed with wondrous smells coming from downstairs. After peeing and washing up we went downstairs where hubby served us a glorious feast. Something about the experience we'd shared the night before magnified the textures and tastes. Finally we escaped out to the front porch to sip coffee, my husband flanked by his two shameless nude sirens.
Emma looked over at me. "You know, he's been so kind and giving. He hasn't asked for a single thing in return. I think it's about time we return the favor, don't you think?"
I nodded conspiratorially. "Well. I had been telling him that if he was good he might get a repeat of that video I showed you, only with you in my place. And that I'd record it so he could show it to his friends and the other dads to make them jealous."
She set down her coffee with a determined look, leaning over our front railing, bending forward and spreading her legs before looking back at him. "Please fuck me for your whole neighborhood while your wife records my debauchery. Please give me something I can send to that useless ex of mine to make him realize what he stupidly gave up. Please use my body for your pleasure, now and whenever you'd like."
I moved out into the front yard, holding up my phone to record as my husband quickly stood, dropping his shorts to his ankles and stepping out of them. I smiled as her eyes widened at the size of his fully erect and released cock. He slowly pressed it against her opening before shoving forward roughly and burying himself to the hilt. As I predicted she keened in desire as he expertly rutted her forcefully. It was only a few minutes before she cried out and tensed, cumming hard. She panted for a few moments as he stood still behind her, still buried to the root inside. Waiting for her next move.
"I'm so sorry. I was just so turned on. I don't think I can take it there anymore, I'm too sensitive. But there's something my husband always begged me to do but I was always too embarrassed. I'd like to do it for you though." She slid slowly off his length before turning around and dropping to her knees. Grabbing the sides of her tits she sandwiched his rod between them. Taking the hint he placed his hands on her shoulders and began to fuck her tits vigorously right there on our front porch. She looked up at him subserviently as his thick member plowed through the soft tunnel created by her generous bosom. After all the teasing, he couldn't hold out long and he tried to pull away. Instead she shook her head and held him firm until with a final cry he erupted, coating her face and chest in his seed.
She cleared her eyes, licking her fingers clean, before lovingly cleaning his shaft and putting it away. Then with a lasciviously smile to my recording phone she sat back down, legs parted, displaying her inflamed pussy and marked face and tits without a hint of shame. I stopped the recording and we finished our coffee, her sitting there calmly letting my husband's cum dry on her like a badge of honor.
Monday we both arrived at drop off nearly simultaneously. I smirked as she walked over to me, both of us only in heels and bare skin. She'd added a black choker as a compliment to my own collar. We strutted together over to the group. This time we were greeted warmly by all but that first mom. Apparently some of them had shared my story with their husbands. Hearing about my increased confidence and satisfaction some conversations and trials had begun.
Before the end of the week two other moms joined me and Emma. Before the end of the year our original detractor was the only one clothed, ironically standing out because of it. Emma continued to play with me and my husband until a widowed dad at the school worked up the courage to ask her out. Luckily he was open minded and the four of us often spent weekends together trading off partners or with me and Emma putting on a show for our men. Under my mentoring she'd grown increasingly skilled with her tongue.
We couldn't have been happier. Who knew all it took to gain happiness was to lose our modesty completely?
[[If you liked this and my other stories, please give it 5 stars and feel free to leave a comment or send me a message letting me know of what you'd like to see more of or ideas you might have that I can explore. I've got several more ideas but I'm always open to inspiration. Thanks for reading.]]