Lakeside living was a treat. Every morning I was able to enjoy some great views and it was a pleasure coming home to the smell of pine, fresh air and campfires. It didn't hurt that I had some great neighbors. In part one you learned all you need to know about my developing relationship with them. To my delight our morning rituals continued. I would stand naked in front of my bedroom window and enjoy the sunrise. There was great joy from watching my older beautiful blonde neighbor expose her sexy body to me every morning, Per her request I would leave my shower curtain open as I showered every morning giving her a great view from her house. On many nights I would enjoy watching her satisfy herself in her bedroom from the window in my man cave, then go fuck the shit out of my beautiful wife.
Tammy's husband traveled a lot. When he was home we would all hang out and party together. One evening when he was around I took advantage of my perch in the man cave and watched them have sex. She had asked me to watch them that night, and I know she enjoyed giving me a show. He was an average guy with an average sized cock. He was circumcised, like me - but, at his age didn't have the same stamina as I did. I watched them fuck, he finished pretty quickly. It was arousing to watch him pull out stroking himself as she got on her knees. I watched him shoot his load on her face. She looked over to my window when he was done, giving me a sexy pout then a cute smile before turning off the lights. I fantasized about her cum covered face all night.
Joe left early the next day on a business trip. My wife headed off to work as usual, and I slept in as I had the day off. When I finally awoke I stood as usual in the window, but it was not at my normal time so I didn't expect a show. Still, I thought about Tammy and pictured her on her knees from the night before. This aroused me and my cock grew hard as I gazed out the window. Another neighbor appeared in my view, wearing yoga pants and a white crop top. I watched as she made her way to the deck. Her name was Julie. She was pretty hot. An older woman with an amazing body and pretty face who I had met at our welcome party a few days before. She had flirted with me pretty aggressively. I learned later from Tammy that Julie was a real swinger and that I should be careful. In other words, use protection if things became intimate between her and I. Tammy almost sounded jealous. So, seeing them together on the deck made my mind race. I watched them go start a yoga routine. Not wanting to get caught by Julie and potentially ruining my routine with Tammy I headed off to the shower.
I left the shower curtain open "just in case." I masturbated as I fantasized about having a threesome with Julie and Tammy. The whole time imagining that the two women had decided to watch me. After the shower I took my time getting dried off, making sure to expose myself to my neighbor in case she was watching. I even wiped the condensation of the window with my towel before finally getting dressed. I wore just a pair of bathing trunks and t-shirt. I put on a pair of sandals and made my way to the bedroom window. The women were nowhere to be seen. I assumed they had finished their yoga routine. My intention was to take a quick swim for some morning exercise, then visit my neighbor for the day. My hope was to enjoy some quality sex with Tammy during the day.
Beach towel around my neck and a beer filled cooler in hand, I made my way to the neighbors house. Tammy greeted me with a smile. I asked her if she minded me jumping in the lake from her deck to take some laps. She smiled and told me to have at it. I heard another voice from the house as I stood on the lower deck and removed my t-shirt. I heard women giggling as I took my time getting ready for the swim. I could feel them watching me. I bent over giving them a perfect view of my ass and stretched. I heard Julie telling Tammy how much she enjoyed the view just before I dove into the water. I swam out to a floating dock and took a few laps in the cove. I could see the two women sitting on the deck watching me. I swam back after a few minutes and as I approached thoughts raced through my head making my cock grow. I stayed in the water, arms on the deck and chit chatted with the ladies. I was embarrassed by my erection and stayed in the water hoping it would subside so I could get out.
"You gonna stay in the water all day," Tammy said. "Or are you going to come join us for a drink?"
Julie got up, grabbed my towel and approached me. She leaned down and reached out to help me up. I turned around trying to hide my erection from her and Tammy.
"Let me help dry you off," Julie said as she placed the towel on my back. She rubbed the towel over my body and leaned in close. I felt her breath in my ear. "You have an amazing body. It was a real joy to watch you."
"Thanks," I said. "You have a pretty nice body too. Both of you."
Tammy walked up and took the towel from Julie. She turned me around to face her then rubbed the towel over my chest. She then got on her knees and started drying my legs. Her face just inches from my throbbing cock. Tammy looked up to me and smiled as she wrapped the towel around my waist and placed both of her hands on my crotch. I felt one of her hands slide under the towel. She wrapped her hand around the shaft of my cock and squeezed gently. She stood up and leaned in to whisper in my ear.
"Julie wants your cock" she said quietly. "I don't really want to share, but, if you want to have some fun with two horny women right now, I wouldn't object. Besides, I know you have the hots for her. And. I want your cock too."
The tingling sensation that ran through my body was almost overwhelming. My cock grew so hard that the rush of blood to my penis nearly made me faint. Julie was sitting in the adirondack chair with her legs spread. I could see her puffy pussy lips strained against the yoga pants. She had a seductive look on her face as we made eye contact. I watched her slide one hand over her breasts then between her legs. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back as she slid fingers between her pussy lips and moaned. Her nipples were hard and poked through her shirt. She stood up and removed her top. I watched her grab her breasts and tilt her head down, she opened her mouth and licked one of her nipples, then the other.
Tammy removed my towel and stood behind me. I reached back and placed my hands on her ass pulling her close. She kissed my neck and played with my nipples before sliding her hands down to my trunks. Julie stood in front of us then walked to the door. She turned and smiled then slid her hand under her yoga pants and started playing with her pussy. Tammy pulled my trunks down releasing my swollen cock. Julie stared at my cock and started to pant as she continued fingering her own pussy. Tammy wrapped one hand around my shaft and gently stroked my cock. Her other hand on my chest, pinching my nipples.
"Julie," Tammy said. "Come over here and get on your knees. I think you should wrap those sexy lips around this cock."
Tammy slid her hand to the base of my shaft as Julie approached us and took her place in front of me on her knees. Julie opened her mouth and leaned forward as Tammy guided my cock closer. Tammy grabbed Julie's hair and held her still as she rubbed my cock over Julie's face, then lips, eventually pushing my cock in. I felt Julie's hot lips slide over my cock, her tongue on my shaft, then the back of her throat. Julie reached up and grabbed my shaft as she started taking my cock deeper into her mouth. Tammy held Julie by the hair and guided her mouth over my cock, slowly at first. Julie gagged when my cockhead penetrated her throat. Tammy forced Julie to swallow my entire dick. I looked down to see tears run down her face and saliva seep from her lips as she deepthroated me for several minutes.
Finally, Tammy released Julie enabling her to pull me out to take a breath. She was breathing heavy and started kissing my cock, swirling her tongue over my shaft. On her own, Julie started sucking my dick like a porn star, moaning and groaning as she did. Tammy got on her knees beside Julie and joined in. The two women took turns sucking on my dick for several minutes until I felt like I was going to explode. Before I could cum, they stopped and stood up. They walked towards the house and asked me to join them. I felt like I needed to release soon. Upset that they stopped before finishing me off, I grabbed my cock and stroked myself for a few seconds.
"Damn ladies," I said angrily. "You can't leave me hanging like this. Fuck. I'm not a one shot wonder you know."
"I know baby," Tammy said. "Don't worry. We should just get inside before anyone catches us. Besides, I need a drink."
I follow the women into the house. Tammy stays in the kitchen and starts to prepare some drinks as Julie walks into the living room area. I watch and admire her from behind. She realy has a great ass, and it looks so fucking hot in those black yoga pants. I approach Lisa from behind, pressing my cock between her ass cheeks as I grab her perky breasts and pinch her nipples. She leans her head back and I kiss her neck, then ear, and cheek. She turns her head to face me and we kiss on the lips. I slide one hand down her belly under the yoga pants.
She is not wearing panties and my fingers slide over her hard clit, then between her wet pussy lips and inside her hot vagina. I slide one, then two fingers into her while rubbing her clit with my thumb. She grinds against my swollen cock as it slides between her ass cheeks over her silky yoga pants from behind. Tammy joins us, standing in front of Julie. They kiss. Tammy slides Julie's pants down then takes them completely off. On her knees, Tammy reaches up and places her hands on Julie's ass. She spreads Julie's cheeks and positions her mouth over the hot pussy.
"Slide that cock inside her baby," Tammy says to me. "I want to watch you fill her hot pussy with that amazing cock of yours."
Julie moaned and I felt her body tremble as I guided my cock over her pussy lips. I slowly slid my cock into her hot pussy which made her moan with pleasure. Tammy was now sitting on the floor with her mouth on Julie's clit. I felt Tammy's mouth and chin touching my balls as my cock slid in and out of this hot pussy. I looked down to see Tammy lying on her back next to us as she started to finger her own pussy as she watched. This was the perfect opportunity for me to enjoy a major fantasy. Taking advantage of the moment I pulled out and guided Julie to her knees over Tammy's mouth. Once they were in the 69 position I slid my cock back into Julie from behind and fucked her silly as I watched her lick Tammy's pussy.
This amazing moment made my cock hotter and harder than ever. I pushed Julie's head down forcing her to devour Tammy's hot pussy as I fucked her from behind. I felt Tammy reach up and grab my shaft. She pulled me out and sucked on my cock, then put me back into Julie's pussy. This went on for a while until I felt Julie's pussy tighten. Her body shook and she moaned loudly as I quicken my pace. I thrusted my cock in and out of her pussy which started to pulse. She screamed and her body shook as juices began to flow from her vagina. I grabbed her by the waist and thrusted my cock deep into her tight pussy as she squirted until her body went limp.
"Holy fuck," Julie said. "That was insane."
"My turn," Tammy said as she pushed Julie oer to her back and straddled her face. "Time for you to fill my pussy with your cock."
I looked down to see Julie eagerly licking Tammy's soaking wet pussy. I slid my cock into Tammy with ease. She was so wet I thought my balls were going to slide into her. I worried that my dick was not thick enough to satisfy her at first. Then my cockhead hit that spot. Tammy's pussy tightened around my shaft and she started to tremble. I fucked this woman with passion giving her at least two orgasms within the first few minutes. I slid my cock from her throbbing pussy and slid it over her ass. She moaned with pleasure and pushed back as the head of my cock penetrated her anus. Once my cock entered her ass she lost control and began to beg me for more.
"Yes, baby," she groaned. "Give it to me. Fuck me hard. Your cock feels so good. I want you to fill me with your cum."
I thrusted my stiff cock in and out of her tight ass while Julie licked and sucked Tammy's pussy. I felt my dick throb and my balls tightened as she had another orgasm. The pulsating on my cock took me over the edge and I exploded inside her ass. I slid my cock into her hot pussy and shot a few more loads. Julie grabbed my shaft and pulled me out, sliding my cock into her mouth. I continued to cum filling her mouth with my hot semen. My orgasm continued for a while as I emptied my balls in Tammy's ass and pussy - and into Julie's hot mouth.
I pulled away once finished and laid back on the floor to catch my breath covered in sweat. I heard the two women continue to moan still in the 69 position. Watching them on the floor next to me was surreal. Julie's face glistened with Tammy's pussy juice and my semen. I could see cum oozing from Tammy's ass and pussy. Julie eagerly licked Tammy swallowing every drop of my cum. Tammy fingered and licked Julie's hot pussy. I became aroused again and my cock started to stiffen. Eventually Tammy turned around and laid on top of Julie face to face so they could kiss. I stared at them. A beautiful sight. Two amazing naked women, covered in sweat, hair a mess, embracing - breasts pushed against each other, kissing passionately.
Things settled down and my erection subsided. I had to piss like a racehorse. Tammy suggested that her and Julie should throw on some comfy clothes and headed to her bedroom. I headed to the bathroom to take a long piss. Still naked I returned to the living room to find the two women trying on various outfits. Tammy threw me a pair of men's jean cut off shorts and asked me to try them on. They fit well, maybe a little tight. Both women smiled in approval.
"Turn around," Tammy said to me.
I did as she asked, making sure to give them both a nice view of my butt. I had always been told that I had a nice ass. They seemed to agree.
"Mmmm," Julie groaned. "You have a really nice ass. You make those shorts look good."
"Thank you." I said. "So, I'd like to make us some drinks and help you pick out something to wear. Looks like you have a nice selection of items there. Want my opinion."
"Yes." Tammy said. "Julie and I would like to model for you. Go make us some drinks and we'll try a few things for you to judge."
When I return to the living room with drinks I am pleased to see these two women each wearing a sexy outfit. Tammy is wearing a thong and cut-off t-shirt. Julie is sporting a pair of booty shorts and sports bra. I hear music start to play and the women begin dancing like strippers for me, twirling, bending over and posing in their outfits.
"So?" Julie asks. "What do you think?"
"Your ass looks amazing in booty shorts," I say to Julie. "Tammy, that thong gives me a great view of your perfect ass and pussy. Both of you make those outfits work. Show me more."
The women get naked and leave the room. Tammy comes back first wearing super tight wight shorts and a dress shirt. She unbuttons her shirt all the way as she walked towards me. She bounces up and down so her large breasts jiggle. I reach out and grab her ass with both hands then pull her close. I place my mouth over one of her breasts and suck her nipple. I move to the other, flicking my tongue around teasing her.
"Those shorts look amazing on you," I said. "and I love the dress shirt look. Very sexy."
Julie enters the room wearing a babydoll dress short enough to expose the cheeks of her ass. It barely covers her crotch and is so tight that it constrains her perky breasts. Her nipples are hard and they poke out, asking for my attention. Before I can reach out, she spins to the music giggling like a schoolgirl. That's when I noticed her white cotton panties. She turned away and bent over touching the floor. As she did this the dress lifted enough to give me a perfect view of her puffy pussy from behind. It was wrapped like a gift inside her white cotton panties. She walked backwards towards me with her hands on her knees.
"Now that is fucking hot," I say.
I reach out and slide my hand between her legs. I rub my fingers over the panties to caress her hot pussy lips. One of my fingers slides between her lips and I can feel her wet vagina begin to soak through. I push with force allowing my finger to enter her, pushing the cotton panties inside. She moans and wiggles her ass. I slide her panties to the side with my other hand. I slide two fingers inside her, then three, then four. My thumb enters her ass. She moans louder and pushes back encouraging me to continue.
Tammy re-enters the room wearing black booty shorts and a crop top. She looks amazing. The shorts accentuate her perfect curves and the crop top barely contains her huge boobs. She turns for me so I can admire the view from all sides. She stands facing away and I am able to admire how perfect the shorts look on the cheeks of her ass. Enough of the panties are wedged between her ass cheeks, and the lace edges form over her bottom making her look like a lingerie model. Like ones I used to masturbate to when younger. She turns to face me and I notice how perfectly these booty shorts fit over her pussy. Just enough lace between her thighs, her pussy mounds exposed and wedged up just enough to expose her clit.
Julie is still bent over in front of me as I slide four fingers in and out of her wet pussy. Tammy comes over and pushes me to the couch. She guides Julie on to the couch, on her knees next to me and guides my hand back over Julie's hot vagina.
Tammy grabs my wrist and pushes my hand in and out of Julie with force. Tammy's hand slides up over my fingers. She coerced my hand into a fist.
"I want to watch you slide that fist into Julie's tight wet pussy," Tammy said. "Fist fuck her for me."
Julie moans and wiggles her ass. She buries her face in the arm of the couch as I slide my fist into her. My fist slides over her tight pussy lips making her gasp. I gently push further until I feel her pussy lips on my wrist. My entire fist is inside her pussy. I place my other hand on the small of Julie's back to hold her in place as I slowly slide my fist deeper into her. Worried that I may hurt her, I gently slide my fist over her pussy lips, not pushing too deep. Julie begins to moan and groan with more passion until I feel her reach back and grab my arm.
"Holy fuck," she said looking back to me. "I've never. I would have never thought."
Her grip tightens on my arm and she pushes herself back while pushing my hand deeper into her. I feel her hand slide up my forearm. She continues pushing back and moans as she guides my hand in and out of her pussy with more force.
"Fist fuck me," she groans. "I want you to give it to me. It feels so fucking good. It hurts so good. Stretch that little pussy. Fucking destroy my pussy. It's yours. I'm yours. All yours. Oh fuck."
I feel her pussy get super wet and hot. Her juices start to flow as I slide my fist in and out of her pussy deeper and with more force. Each time I push further until I feel her pussy lips on my forearm almost to the elbow. Each time I pull my fist out I see her juice on my arm and it makes me super aroused. Especially hearing her moan, begging for me to keep going.
"Holy shit, Julie" Tammy says. "You're going to be sore later. I hope your hubby doesn't want to get some from you for a while. You're going to probably need a big black dick after this."
Julie moans and groans as I continue fisting her. I push deeper than ever making her groan loudly and she finally pushes back. I pull out and flip her to her back then get behind the couch. I grab her ankles and lift her legs over her head, sliding her ass out to expose her hot pussy.
"It's your turn Tammy," I say. "I want to watch you fist fuck her."
Tammy smiles and gets on her knees between Julie's legs. She starts easy, sliding fingers in until finally making a fist and thrusting it inside a little. I see Julie's pussy lips wrapped around Tammy's wrist. With her other hand Tammy starts rubbing Julie's clit. She leans down and places her mouth over the clit, licking it and sucking on it. She lifts her head then slides her hand deeper into Julie. I watch as Tammy slides her fist in and out of Julie's pussy, going a little deeper each time. After a few minutes I watch Tammy slide her fist deeper than ever, until Julie
S pussy lips touch Tammy's elbow.
Tammy is aroused. I watch her slide her hand down to her own pussy. She starts fingering her pussy with two, then three, then four fingers. She starts thrusting her fist in and out of Julie with more pace, going as deep as she can. Julie starts to groan louder, eventually screaming with excitement. Tammy makes a fist and slides her hand into her own pussy. I watch as both women start to tremble. Julie starts begging Tammy for more.
"Oh my God," Julie screams. "I'm such a fucking freak. This is amazing Tammy. Don't stop. Please. Fuck. Fuck. I'm going to cum."
I release Julie's ankles and she drops her legs over Tammy's shoulders. I get behind Tammy and slide my cock into her ass. I thrust my dick in and out a few times then slip it into her wet pussy. I reach down and slide two fingers into her with my cock. Tammy arches her back and moans with pleasure. I slide my cock out and take a chance. I make a fist and slide my hand into her hot pussy. Tammy groans with pleasure and pushes back. I slid my hand deep into her. I feel her pussy lips slide up my arm until I'm just about elbow deep. Tammy starts to shake. I slide my fist in and out of her hot pussy with more pace until she starts to cum.
Julie's orgasm subsides and Tammy's pussy explodes. Tammy places her hands on the back of the couch and her body shakes. I watch Julie slide off the couch to sit on the floor under Tammy's pussy. Julie leans her head back, closes her eyes and opens her mouth enjoying Tammy's juice as it sprays out. Julie leans up and licks Tammy clit until the orgasm subsides. I look down to see Julie covered in juice, eyes closed with a smile on her face. Her hair is wet. Her chest is glistening with sex. Tammy lets out a few final moans then sits back on the couch. I watch her continue to pulse, and see juices continue to flow from her vagina over the next few minutes.
Being young and viral, I feel the need to cum again. This whole scene has made me super hard and I need a release. Julie notices my swollen cock. She sits on the couch next to Tammy. They both are still breathing heavy and have huge smiles on their faces. Julie whispers something to Tammy and they giggle.
"What's so funny?" I ask.
"Nothing about you," Tammy said. "Julie just pointed out that your cock is still hard and being older women we aren't used to that. We were laughing at ourselves. Our husbands would be asleep by now."
"Amazed actually," Julie said. "How many orgasms you gave us, well at least me. And, you still appear ready to go. Makes us feel sexy and desirable."
"We are also both a little worried that we have been unable to completely satisfy you," Tammy said. "But we are willing to try."
"You are both incredibly sexy and desirable," I said. "I have been more than satisfied. As a matter of fact, this has got to be the most incredible experience in my life. You are both just so sexy that I feel the need to cum again. Even if I have to jerk myself off. I'm just insanely aroused right now and feel the need to get off."
Julie smiles and gets up from the couch. She asks me if I would be willing to let her take a few pictures of my body and cock. She promises not to capture my face. She tells me that she wants to be able to revisit this day when she feels the need. And, she tells me - share the images with her kinky husband.
"He has a thing for hard bodies like yours, especially that cock," Julie says. "I've seen his porn collection and many of his favorite photo's may as well be pictures of you. Hope that doesn't weird you out."
The idea arouses me. I try not to act too anxious, but I'm very interested. "Sure," I say. "As long as I can get a few pictures of you ladies in return. Oh, and you let me cum again before we are done."
Tammy jumps up and hurries off to her bedroom. She returns with a digital camera. "I think this is a great idea. Let's do it."
Our photo shoot lasted for a while. It was incredibly erotic. First, Julie held my cock and had Tammy take photos. She stroked and sucked on me between shots. She definitely got caught in many of the pictures sucking my dick and told Tammy not to worry.
"I don't mind Collin seeing me suck this cock." Julie said. "He'll be even more aroused seeing my lips on it. I won't let him know who it is, without permission. He won't ask or care. It isn't the first time. As you know Tammy, he is kind of a sissy cuck."
I didn't know what the term cuck was. I asked her to explain. She told me how her husband fantasized about watching her have sex with other men. Often when they had sex he asked her to give him instructions. He enjoyed being submissive. She told me that it didn't happen often, but on a few occasions they had even participated in a threesome with another man. Each time, he joined her as she sucked a friend's cock. He sucked on it with her and they shared in a cumshot. On more than one occasion he had encouraged her to pick a guy up at a bar and let him fuck her filling her pussy with his cum. He would eat her pussy, cleaning the strangers cum from her vagina.
"So, if I fill your pussy with my cum right now would you encourage your husband to eat your pussy?" I asked.
"Maybe," she said.
Tammy handed me the camera and started posing for me. Julie joined her and I took a bunch of erotic photos to enjoy later. This photoshoot made my cock hard and I needed to cum. Tammy put the camera on a tripod in video mode and filmed the action - being sure to crop my face out.The women understood that I needed to get off, so they took turns sucking on my cock and stroking me. At one point they both got on their knees in front of me facing away so I could take turns fucking them from behind. It was amazing. I slid my cock into each of their hot pussies and tight asses as I approached my final orgasm of the day.
I pulled my cock out and stepped back, grasping my shaft. Both women turned to face me. I felt their hands caressing me on my thighs, ass, balls and chest as they took turns sucking me off. They passed my cock back and forth and at one point had both of their mouths on me. I looked down to see both sets of lips on my shaft. They swirled their tongues and continued to slide my cock in and out of their mouths until I started to tremble. They felt my cock throb and get harder than ever just before I came.
Julie wrapped her hand around the base of my shaft and stroked my cock as Tammy sucked on it until I exploded. After I shot a few loads they swapped. Tammy now stroked me as Julie took my dick deep down her throat letting me continue to cum. I pulled out and held both of them by the back of the head. They placed their lips on my cock and let me slide my throbbing cock back and forth as I continued to cum. I looked down and watched as my hot semen shot onto their lips and face. They continued by kissing, licking and stroking me until I was finished. They smiled as they kissed, sharing my cum with each other until my cock finally started to become soft and I backed away.
Exhausted and completely satisfied I sat on the couch and leaned back, closing my eyes and enjoying the moment. The two women sat beside me and caressed my body while kissing my neck and chest. Our hearts were all beating fast and we were covered in sweat and sex. We cuddled together on the couch for quite a while in silence as our breathing slowed and we returned to normal. After a while we got ourselves dressed in our original clothes and enjoyed a few drinks as we hung out on the deck.
A phone call from my wife changed the dynamics of that evening. She told me her parents had asked her to spend the night at their camp up north, three hours away. She knew I had a few days off and was most likely drinking and relaxing at the lake so she arranged to have her sister watch our kids. She also didn't expect me to drive, but needed some clothes and toiletries for the trip. She told me that her sister was headed to our house to pack a bag. She asked me to discreetly place a toy in her bag. She confided in me that she was horny and had been thinking about having sex all day.
"I know we've talked about you filming me, and I have told you about my fantasy of having you catch me playing with myself." She said. "I was thinking that I could film myself tonight and send it to you. Maybe we would have phone sex?"
This conversation surprised the hell out of me because even though we had done some kinky stuff, my wife was very conservative. This was way out of character for her, I wondered if she had come home and caught me earlier with our neighbors. I thought she may be testing me. But, she told me to check my email then call her back. I excused myself from our neighbors, telling them I would return and headed to my house to check my email.
I was pleased to see a message with attachment from my wife that simply read "I'm horny and can't stop thinking about you and your cock."
When I opened the attachment I was shocked and aroused. It was a zipped folder that contained about a dozen erotic photos of my wife. The first was her with her breasts out, pinching her nipples. The next few featured her in her work bathroom, pants down, touching her pussy. The second to last photo showed her leaned back, eyes closed, mouth open, legs spread - with two fingers buried in her vagina. The last one was the real surprise. It was a picture of her still on the toilet with her pants down, standing next to her was her sister. I couldn't help but notice that her sister's nipples were hard. She had a sexy smile on her face.
Minutes later I got another email from my wife. The subject read "My sister enjoyed taking the pictures for me." The body of the message was even more interesting.
More about that in Part 3