Pregnant
Yes, I was pregnant. And yes, I had not yet declared who the father was. And yes, the primary contender for father-of-my-baby was a creep. And yes, he could care less about the fetus that I claimed he might have helped to create. I'm sure he enjoyed, a lot, creating the fetus if, in fact, he actually did. I did, too, if orgasms are any indication. I just didn't know what a creep he was at the time, as he didn't pull out like he had promised, and just kept it in me, to the explosive end.
I know, I know. I should have made him wear a rubber, I should not have got drunk, and I should not have had sex. I know. I had thought about an abortion, but I'm poor, and I live in Texas, so there you are. I'm going to have someone's baby, and the child will be mine, all mine, with no man to share it with, and that's that.
I'm now at the very pregnant stage, six months, and since I'm skinny, I no longer have a prayer of hiding that I'm pregnant, even with my clever choice of clothing disguises. No, it's obvious to everyone I'm baking a bundle of joy. I'm baking myself, too, because it's hot and humid, and being pregnant just makes a girl hotter. I find myself shopping a lot for pregnancy clothes, just to enjoy the air conditioning of the mall.
Really, the only thing keeping me sane is Mark. He's been my best friend since third grade, and he still is. Don't believe the evil rumors people like to spread around, like that I'm a slut, and he's gay. Okay, he's not Mr. Texas Heteronormative, with his long hair and unorthodox views, but he'd be considered quite a reasonable masculine specimen if he were from, say, a San Francisco or a Portland kind of way. Or if he were from Greenwich Village in New York. And I'm not a slut, either, it's just that I'm a bit easy when I'm drunk. And only when I'm drunk, which I almost never am!
"Why do you always call him asshole, Joanie? He has a name, you know," Mark asked.
"Colin sounds too dignified. Besides, he's obsessed with my asshole," I said.
"What does that mean?" Mark asked. He made a grimace as if he were envisaging an asshole, filled with, well, shit. Mark can be so innocent at times. It's part of his charm.
I just looked at Mark. Mark looked right back at me. Finally, I broke the tension first.
"The only kind of sex he ever wants to have is blowjobs and anal sex," I said. "I'm not sure if he's ever even fucked my vagina."
Knowing I was six months pregnant, Mark quipped, "Well he must have fucked you in the pussy six months ago, I guess." Lest he was too subtle, Mark patted my swollen tummy. I was carrying my baby relatively high.
"Mark you've known me almost all of our lives. Do you really think I'd let an asshole like Asshole knock me up?" I asked.
"Well, I'm assuming you were drunk, told him to pull out, and ..."
"Don't be stupid. I would never trust Asshole to pull out. He's too much of an asshole to trust like that," I said.
"But if you were drunk, your judgement would be ... "
"I never getthatdrunk. Getting drunk allows me to be the relaxed slut I want to be about sex, but it doesn't make me stupid. It's always,always, a rubber or a diaphragm, or both. Of course, now that I'm pregnant, even very pregnant, and I can't get any more pregnant, I'm free to fuck anyone I want, with no worries, other than STDs," I said. "And Assholestillonly wants anal sex. To hell with him."
"Joanie, dear, I'm confused. If Asshole, I mean Colin, always only has anal sex, then who got you pregnant?" Mark, the dear, sweet innocent asked me.
"Yeah, it's unlikely, but I guess you can get pregnant with anal sex. Maybe some of the guy's spunk could drip out and roll down to the vagina. They are placed near to each other, you know. So maybe it's possible?"
"That's gross. How can you even think that?" Mark said.
"Look, I'm desperate here. I'm pregnant, no question. I mean, look at me, for God's sake! I'm so fat! Somehow, I got knocked up, but I didn't have unprotected sex with him six months ago. I didn't even have unprotected sex at all, except for Asshole always fucking my ass," I said. "Unless ... "
Mark began to look very nervous. I knew why. He was beginning to remember. He too had been very drunk, even drunker than I was; he had been blackout drunk.
"Joanie, this is very embarrassing. I'm even ashamed to ask it. I remember Alvin and Lorrie's party, six months ago. I got drunk on my ass, and I cannot remember hardly anything that happened at that party. I know something happened involving you and me, because Doug teases me about it, but I just can't remember!" Mark said.
"I mean, you're like a sister to me, a beloved sister, and we've known each other all of our lives, and told each other everything, and ..."
"Not everything. I haven't told you everything, Mark," I said. "I have some secrets."
"Nor I, you," Mark replied, a bit too quickly.
"To answer the question you cannot bring yourself to ask me, and it's a question that is too horrible to ask, I agree, so let me say right now ..."
"Joanie, do you love Colin?"
"No, of course not," I said, surprised Mark had interrupted me as I was about to drop a bomb. Well, maybe that's exactly why he interrupted me?
"Then why do you want to marry him?" Mark asked.
I stared at him, incredulity doubtless in my eyes. "Jesus, Mark, are you that dumb? I want the baby to have a father, and he's the only guy I'm fucking these days, and the only guy I've been fucking for the last year; more or less. He's the only candidate!"
"But you say he's not the father?"
"Yeah, and so what?" I replied. "Maybe after the baby is born, he'll move from my ass to my vagina and give the baby a sibling, you know? We'll be a right family. We can change Asshole's name from Colin to Virgil, or something. You know, with a 'V,' for vagina?"
"Or Victor?" Mark suggested. "Look, you shouldn't marry someone you don't love, just because he's currently fucking you."
"What's the alternative?" I asked.
"Being a single Mom? Showering your baby with love?" Mark suggested, rather weakly, I thought. "Anyway, you said Colin doesn't want to marry you."
**
"This is probably not a good idea," Mark said.
"It's definitely not a good idea," I replied. "It will ruin our wonderful relationship. I'm the only girl I know who has a man as her best friend, and doesn't have sex with him. It's a horrible idea."
"Then why are we going to do it?" Mark asked.
"Don't you want to? Am I that undesirable? It's because this goddam pregnancy has made me so fat, isn't it?" I asked, giving him my evil smile. "Wait a minute. The girls want to come out to play." I slipped my blouse over my head and unhooked my bra, slipping its straps off my shoulders. The pregnancy had pushed my boobs up a cup size. I was now a delightful C cup. "Is it because I'm pregnant and fat and gross? I'm still the same Joanie you've always known."
"Your boobs are gorgeous, Joanie," Mark said.
"Haven't you wanted to fuck me for years, already? I've seen it in your eyes, often enough. Stop, don't apologize. I've enjoyed seeing your desire for me. A girl likes to be desired," I said.
"Everyone wants to fuck you, Joanie. Everyone is jealous of Colin. We all think he's fucking you," Mark said.
"Well, he is in fact fucking me. Pretty much every day. Just not vaginally. Everyone is right, then," I said.
"I think a lot of people, Colin included, think we're fucking, too," Mark replied.
"Well, it just goes to show you, doesn't it?"
"You're not making sense," he said.
"I mean, it just goes to show that a consensus can be wrong, sometimes, although this time they're right in spirit," I proclaimed.
"What are you talking about?" I asked.
"Mark, you love me, and I love you, and we talk every day," I said, becoming exasperated that Mark couldn't, or wouldn't, see what was right in front of him. I knew I had to shove it in his face. "It's as if we're already fucking. Hell, we're practically a married couple. A sexually inactive, married couple."
"We must have an open marriage, then, because as you say, Colin is fucking you up your ass on a daily basis," Mark said. Finally! Finally, I saw some jealousy in Mark's eyes. It sure took him long enough. Maybe he's an emotional cripple.
"What about you and Daisy? Do you think I like that? You're carrying on with some other slut, and a pretty slut at that, while ignoring my sweet body?" I said, while I jiggled my boobs. "Is Daisy good in bed, Mark?"
"This isn't about me," Mark said.
"Of course, it's about you! Does Daisy know you love me, even though I'm as fat as a house?" I said.
"You're not fat. You're not capable of becoming fat. You're just pregnant. As for us, everyone knows we love each other, but it's a Platonic love, and you damn well know it."
"So, you admit you love me? Do you also admit you desire me?" I said, again jiggling my boobs. "Do you think Plato was gay?"
"What?"
"Well, he never married. He wrote adoringly, even lovingly, about boys. I'm just sayin', okay?"
"Are you trying to say there's no such thing as Platonic love between a hetero man and a hetero woman?" Mark asked.
"Bingo."
"Are you further trying to say that since we love each other we should make love?" Mark asked.
"No, I'm just saying it's inevitable that we will," I replied.
"What if you get married to Colin, or something. You wouldn't cheat on him with me? ... Would you?"
"There are some hypotheticals a girl should never answer, and you know it," I said.
"Sorry," he said.
"I'm not going to marry Colin, Mark," I declared.
"You're not? But you're fucking him every day! Who's going to be the father to your baby, then?" Mark asked.
"The true father will. I have faith," I said.
"Who is the true father of your baby?" he asked.
"I've got it narrowed down to four or five possibilities," I said. "Colin is one of them, even if he's only ever fucked me in the ass."
"Four or five possibilities?? I had no idea you were such a slut!" Mark exclaimed, before he could stop himself. He ducked just in time to avoid the glass I had thrown at him.
"Time for you to leave. Colin is due any moment," I said.
"Is he going to fuck you?" Mark asked, in another of his cruder moments. I threw a second glass at him. This one he simply caught in midair.
"How about I just hide and watch?" Mark asked. I frog-marched him to the front door, and gave him a good kick in his butt.
"I'm not that kinky, Mark. Off you go," I said. Mark was still laughing when he stumbled right into Colin.
**
"How come you're still wearing clothes?" Colin opened with.
"Well, aren't you the romantic," I replied.
"You know what I want, bitch. You want it, too," he said.
"Wantmay be a little strong. Colin, do you love me?" I asked.
"We've had this discussion. You turn me on. Even pregnant, I want you. I'll always want you. You have that power over me," he said.
"I feel like a fat pig," I said.
"That's because you have a baby growing inside you. You're still the luscious sexpot you've always been. Now take your clothes off, bitch," Colin said.
"Colin, it's not seductive to call me a bitch," I said.
"You're just upset because you're pregnant. It's not my fault you spread your legs for someone and he knocked you up, you know," he said. "You know damn well I've never fucked you in your slutty vagina. I'm not the father."
"According to Planned Parenthood, even if you only cum inside my ass, some of your copious cum can spill out of my anus and dribble into my sweet, wet, pussy, and that can knock me up," I said.
Colin laughed. "You believe that shit? Planned Parenthood is a Communist Front organization. Are you ready? Did you do the enema trick? Take off your damn clothes, or I will do it for you!"
"We're not having sex today, Colin," I said.
"Why the fuck not? We always do at this time of day. I look forward to it all day. We always have sex, and then we make dinner together. Take off your clothes, bitch."
"You call me bitch one more time and I'll throw you out of my home!" I yelled.
**
"So, did you throw him out?" my brother Dan asked, when I related the story to him. "Or did you let him take you up your ass, or both?"
"I bought him off with a blowjob, not that it's any of your business. He won't admit the baby is his, the asshole," I said.
"Is the baby in fact his?" Dan asked.
"No, the baby's not his. At least it's very likely not to be his. He's never fucked me where it counts; only in my ass," I said.
"So, the baby's not his; it's pretty clear. So, whose is it?" Dan asked.
"I've got it narrowed down to four or five possibilities. Colin, as we just discussed, but that's super unlikely. Possible, but unlikely. Now, let me see, who fucked me vaginally six months ago? Hmmm ..." I said.
"You'd better hope it's not me," Dan said.
"Why? You don't want to be the father?" I asked.
"Joanie, you're my sister! Brothers and sisters are not supposed to have children together!" Dan said. He's so easy to tease. "Besides, I wore a rubber. We should never have done it."
"But we did do it, didn't we. Do you want to do it again?" I asked.
"Of course, I do. You have the sweetest, hottest pussy in all creation. I'll never forget that ill-advised fuck we had, lo those many moons ago. Best of my life," Dan said.
"You know, rubbers aren't perfect. You're just as likely to be the father as Colin the Asshole is," I said. "I'm pregnant now, so you wouldn't even need a rubber. You could experience the "sweetest, hottest pussy" in all creation, and bareback. Plus, after the fuck, I'll give you one of my patent-pending best brownies in all Indiana!"
"That's not comforting, Joanie," my brother Dan said. "We can't have sex again. I can't handle the guilt."
"Even were you to get a brownie as well as my pussy?" I inquired.
"Even."
"That's okay, Dan. I don't want to have incest with you again, even though I find the kinky side of incest appealing. The reason I don't want to is not because you're my brother, it's who you are as a person. No offense, I hope," I said, smiling as I said it.
There, I did it! I broke up with my brother. How many girls can say that?
"What about that brownie?" Dan asked.
**
"So, you really broke up with Colin?" my friend Barbara asked.
"Yes, although I'm not sure he knows it yet," I said.
"I was sure the two of you would get married. I was surprised you hadn't. Isn't he going to miss fathering his baby?" she asked.
"He's not the father," I said.
There was a long silence. Then Barbara gave me a high five. "You slut, you! I was convinced he was; you've been together throughout the pregnancy, after all."
"Until now."
"Yeah, I guess so. Why'd you dump him, anyway?" Barbara asked.
"How'd you know it was I who dumped him, and not the other way around?" I asked.
"Because I know you. Besides, how much anal sex can a girl take? The man's obsessed," she said. That raised my eyebrows.
"How'd you know about his sodomy fetish/obsession?" I asked.
"Oh, honey! Everyone knows. We had a betting pool on how long you'd last. I lost my $20 a long time ago," Barbara said.
"You do know that's disgusting, don't you?" I asked.
"Yes, of course," Barbara said, and we both giggled uncontrollably, causing the other patrons of the luxurious Starbucks to stare at us.
"So, Colin's not the father?"
"Right. That's what I said," I replied.
"So who is?" she asked.
"Nobody knows. But I've got the suspects narrowed down. Actually, I alone know who the father is; I'm just waiting for the right time to make the big reveal. I plan to marry him," I said.
"Did you ever do the one-night-stand with a stranger thing we talked about?" Barbara asked.
"I sure did. It was wonderful. Bareback, too," I said.
"Ever see him again afterwards? Get his name?" she asked.
"Maybe, and yes," I said.
"When did you do it?"
"Around six or seven months ago," I said.
"You mean around the time -- oh my God!" Barbara said, having added two and two together. I just smiled.
"So, your candidates for fatherhood are Colin, your best friend forever Mark no doubt, Mr. Mysterious one-night-stand, and ...??" Barbara asked.
"Silence forever? For real?" I indicated I meant it, too.
"Of course," Barbara said.
"My brother Dan," I whispered to her.
"Oh, my goodness, you slut, you! Damn. I've had the hots for Dan since ninth grade!"
"Take him, then. I want him off my hands! I'm cleaning house, except for the father," I said.
"So neither Colin nor Dan is the father?" Barbara asked.
"Just between us -- and I mean it -- this is secret!" I whispered. Barbara crossed her heart.
"Yeah, neither one is the father, thank goodness," I said.
"How can you be so sure?" Barbara asked.
"Secret DNA tests," I whispered, and smiled.
"Doesn't it cost a fortune to do those with a fetus?" she asked.
"It sure does, but it's only a small fortune. Remember, my Dad has money," I replied.
"So, who is the father, then? Mark, or Mister X?" she asked. "Does Mister X even know you're pregnant?"
"Yeah, he knows," I said. "He lied to me, too. He's married." I said.
"That sucks. So, who do you want the Dad to be, anyway?" Barbara asked me.
"I should mention, there's also Doug Foster," I said.
"Mark's best friend? You let him too into your honeypot around six months ago?" Barbara was getting just a tad incredulous.
"Oh, he's been dipping his wick from time to time for a few years. He wears rubbers, plus I use a diaphragm. We'd have to have a super rare event for all that to fail, but then, anything's possible, right?" I said.
"Are you still seeing Doug, that way?" she asked.
"Nope. Not a chance in Hell," I said.
"Who doyouwant it to be? Isn't Mark dating Daisy, currently?"Barbara asked,
"I hear she's doing her best imitation of a slut, too. You know, she has gymnastics training, so you can imagine ... I can't compete with that. Of course, if it's Mister X, who knows what's behind that Green Door?" I said, enjoying shocking Barbara with my extensive sexual exploits.
"This should be a daytime TV Soap Opera," Barbara said.
"Yeah, especially because I found out Mister X is married. He'd just wanted a little young pussy on the side."
**
"My water broke, Barbara," I said into my cell phone.
"I'll be right over! Are you in labor?" she said.
"How should I know? We need to go to IU Hospital over in Indy. Dr. Minkowski is my obstetrician," I said.
"I know, I know, we've gone over this a thousand times," she said.
"Ouch!"
"What's wrong?" Barbara asked, revealing either a tone of concern or of terror.
"I guess it's a contraction," I said. "Are you in your car?"
"Yes, my phone's on speaker. How fast are the contractions coming, now?" she asked.
"How should I know? Do you think I'm a computer? Oomph. That last one was a doozy," I said.
"Everything will be fine. Almost there," Barbara lied. She was worried sick. Birth scares every intelligent person. I grabbed my already packed bag for the hospital.
**
"All she does is sleep. Sleep, eat, shit, and sleep some more. The doctor says all her energy is going towards growing; getting bigger. She has a long way to go, too, because my Lord, she is tiny!" I complained.
"She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," Mark said.
"I knew you'd like her. Say, I heard you broke up with Daisy?"
"Yeah, but I don't want to talk about it. It looks like little Hazel is waking up," he said.
"Yep. And she'll want food," I said.
"Do you want me to leave?" he asked.
"Not if you're okay with seeing my boob. It's really just a flash, because after that all you'll see is Hazel's head attached to it, sucking like her life depends on it. I guess it does, in some sense."
"I think it will be a fascinating thing to see, and erotic at the same time," Mark said.
"Just like a man. Everything is erotic for you. It's a beautiful thing, nursing a child. It's not at all erotic," I said, definitively.
"Let's agree to disagree," Mark said. Secretly, I was thrilled he found it erotic. Also secretly, I suspect Mark knew I was thrilled that he found it erotic.
"How much does Hazel weigh?" he asked.
"Five pounds. She's a small baby," I said.
"While she nurses, can I discuss my fucked-up love life with you, Joanie?" Mark asked.
**
"So what happened with Mark when he saw you after the great break-up with Daisy?" Barbara asked, as she held the sleeping Hazel.
"Not much. He watched me feed Hazel, first from my left breast, then from my right, then she shat, and I changed her, and I put her to bed in her crib, for her post-feeding nap," I said.
"That's it?" Barbara asked.
"Almost. Since Mark was there, I removed my top and my new nursing bra, and fed Hazel topless. I put her in her crib while still topless. My boobs are big now, a good-sized C cup and they fit nicely inside Mark's hands," I said. Barbara raised a single eyebrow. I wish I could do that!
"Do your nipples fit nicely in his mouth, too?" Barbara asked, and I giggled in reply.
"Did anything else enter your mouth or your other two holes?" Barbara continued, teasing me.
"No, Mark claims our love is Platonic. It will be, too, until he has the epiphany, "I said.
"He might need a little help with the epiphany, you know," she said, and seeing my face, she added, "When are you going to arrange it?" Barbara was sweetly rocking my little bundle of joy as we talked.
"Mark nursed at my boobs, sucking out the residual drops after Hazel thoroughly drained me. You know, that was indeed erotic. He says my milk tastes good," I said.
"I'm sure it does," Barbara said.
"Then he offered me a taste. I didn't know how on Earth I could taste my own milk just then, but he had some still in his mouth, and he kissed me."
"Oh, boy. How was the kiss?" Barbara asked.
"Mind blowing. I felt like bending over and pulling my pants down right then!" I said. "Don't worry, though, I kept it together. It seems, though, that Mark is on the way to his epiphany that he loves me, that way, and he always has."
Hazel began to stir, getting restless, and Barbara gave her back to me. "She needs to be burped," I said.
"I wish somebody could burp me as wonderfully as you burp little Hazel," Barbara said.
**
Two months later, Mark had already had finished hisde rigeurtwo rebound affairs, and he was thoroughly over Daisy. One of his affairs was with the Slut Susie, and one with Amazing Angie who, rumor has it, likes to fuck men while upside down, with her legs suspended from ropes.
"Do you have any pictures of you fucking Angie from above?" I asked Mark.
"Don't be disgusting. How can you talk like that in front of Hazel?" Mark asked.
"Hazel is only three months old. The only language she understands so far, is French. C'est vrai, non?" I added at the end, looking right at Hazel. Hazel smiled back, or maybe it was just gas.
I said, out of the blue, "You know, Mark, you've been fucking up a storm, first with Daisy, then with the Slut Susie, and next with the Amazing Angie. Meanwhile, I've been as chaste as a Nun who believes the Church's crap about chastity," I said.
"I thought women don't get horny, like men do," Mark said.
"Boy-oh-boy, did you think wrong! I'm so horny goats are scared of me. I could have a gangbang and still be horny!" I said. "That's hyperbole, Mark. No gangbangs, please."
"Understood," Mark laughed. "Say, can I see your boobs again when you next feed your baby?"
"You can see my boobs anytime you want, Mark. Mis tetas son tus tetas," I replied.
"Huh?" came Mark's inelegant reply.
"Joanie?" Mark asked. He was clearly hopelessly nervous.
"I've been thinking ..."
"Always a dangerous activity in your case," I said.
"Yeah, well, you once said it was inevitable that we were eventually going to get it on," Mark said.
"Yes, I remember. I did indeed say that."
"Well, if you're willing, my love, eventually has arrived," Mark said.
Before I could finish saying 'It's about time,' Mark had me flat on my back on the couch, smothering me with a dynamite kiss, as his hands roamed all over my body, but focused on my boobs. It was a magical moment, and only the sudden crying of my baby broke the magic.
I pushed Mark off me, and went to little Hazel. She was, of course, hungry. I stripped naked above the waist (for the benefit of Mark) and let Hazel lunge for my teat like a barracuda seeking its prey. It's really smart of nature not to let babies have teeth until they're around six months old!
"Keep stripping," Mark said.
I felt like saying 'What?" just to hear Mark say it again. Finally, Mark was desiring me again. Yeah, I knew it would happen, but now it was happening, and that's no reason I couldn't enjoy it, right? Instead, I said nothing, and then stripped naked while my little leach remained firmly attached to my left boob.
To my shock, Mark then went down on me while Hazel happily sucked away. Nowthiswas kinky. I knew I'd never forget this moment. Wow. Later, I was on my hands and knees, Hazel now firmly attached to my other boob, with her diaper clad bottom on the couch, while my heretofore ignored pussy was being pulverized from behind, as Mark fucked me relentlessly, and -- I hasten to add -- happily.
Confession time. I told Mark I hadn't had (vaginal) sex since the time when Hazel was conceived, but actually, in secret, I had enjoyed a couple of illicit love sessions with the married Mr. X. Those were history now, however, since Mark had stepped up to the plate -- where, incidentally, he had always belonged.
Still, I felt like a drowning woman being thrown a lifesaver, as the only man I had ever loved was taking possession -- a just possession, I might add -- of my soul.
**
"And nothing's happened since then?" Barbara asked, as I recounted my tale of my fabulously erotic fuck with Mark, and then him acting the next day and subsequently as if nothing had happened. I was disconsolate.
"It's as if he's embarrassed. I think he doesn't know how turned on I got, first to be fucking him, finally, again, and second, to be fucking him while Hazel was feeding from my breast!"
"Maybe he's not as kinky as you are," Barbara offered.
"Few people are," I said. "I'm beginning to think nobody is!"
"You got that right. You need to talk with him," Barbara said.
"No. He needs to take the lead on this," I replied. "He doesn't even know it was the second time we've made love. The first time he was blackout drunk and he doesn't remember. If he ever does remember, then he may realize ..."
"Realize what?" Barbara asked.
"Nothing, I was just letting my mind wander," I said.
"Letting your mind wander?" she asked, not trusting me.
"Sometimes it wanders where angels fear to tread," I replied.
**
I knew I was asking too much of Barbara. Doug was an infamous womanizer. He was infamous because he was so damn good at it. If he wanted to seduce a woman, he usually succeeded. He'd always succeeded with me, and that's why I felt I needed Barbara's help.
Doug is also Mark's best friend who is male. Those two "shoot the shit" all the time, and Doug had to know, I was sure, about Mark and me getting it on, even while Hazel was still nursing at my boob, drinking up the nectar of life itself, that my now bigger, better, and improved boobs provide to the very young (and somewhat to Mark, too!).
I was surprised when Doug dropped by one day, unannounced, ostensibly to meet my little girl, the incarnation of sweetness I named Hazel. I invited him in, of course. We chatted about this and that for a while, about nothing, really, and all the time he was visiting me I was wondering why. He had never dropped in, before. Then Hazel stirred from one of her many naps. She was hungry, of course.
"This visit was delightful, Doug, but you'll have to excuse me now, as I need to feed Hazel," I said.
"Mark tells me you're breast feeding her," he said.
"Right you are, and that's why you need to go, please. We can continue this visit another time?" I said, not trying too hard to be polite, as I had ascertained the real purpose of Doug's visit.
"Look, I don't mind. Mark says you feed her topless. I'd love to stay and watch," he said.
"Why am I not surprised?" I said. Meanwhile Hazel was squirming with impatience.
"No, no, it's nothing like that. It's just that I've never been lucky enough to see a baby nurse from her mother's breast. I'm sure it's one of the most wondrous sights a man can witness," he said.
"Really, it's quite ordinary. Now, Hazel is getting quite impatient, and I really do need to nurse her, so if you don't mind, could you please ..." and I made a hand gesture to sweep him to the door.
"You have your hands full. Please allow me to do the gracious thing and help you undress," he said.
Now I had bought, and used, but alas was not wearing at the time, clothes designed for modesty that allow one to discreetly feed one's baby in public, especially if they're coupled with a small baby blanket, and I had become quite good at it. The problem was, however, that I was home alone on this Saturday morning, and thus had no need for my modesty clothes, and in fact had been planning simply to remove my top and my bra, and to feed Hazel topless. I often gave an inadvertent treat, that way, to my immediate neighbor, Old Man Stoneham, the voyeur who lived next door.
Old Man Stoneham had even gone so far as to tell me he really enjoyed watching my boyfriend Mark ravage me the other day, spying right through the same window he was doubtless watching at that very moment. Old Man Stoneham and I had an unusual, and a bit of a kinky, relationship. I exhibited, and he voyeured. (I know voyeur is not a verb, but give me a break, okay?)
As I sat there, stunned by Doug's audacity, and daydreaming about Old Man Stoneham watching me, Doug came over and began to remove my top.
"Please place Hazel down, and raise your arms, my sweet Joanie," Doug said. It was the way he said it: He was loving, but firm. It was a command, not to be denied, but filled with desire simultaneously. It was kind, and affectionate, but brooked no resistance. I fell into Doug's spell.
I have to ascribe it to the shock of surprise, but I did it. I put Hazel down, and raised my arms, and off went my top. These days I wore nothing but nursing bras, where the cup flips out of the way, so there was no need to remove my bra. At that moment, however, Hazel lost her patience, and she began to cry. As I turned my attention to my little bundle of joy, Doug unhooked and quickly slipped off my nursing bra, somewhat effortlessly, I am ashamed to say. He had rendered me topless, right in front of him.
Hazel lunged for my now exposed boob, and that was that: Hazel had attached herself to the nipple of my left breast, leaving my right breast fully exposed, and it was beginning to let tiny drops of mother's milk seep out of my not-yet-used nipple. I could almost hear Hazel's sigh of contentment as she sucked away at my left nipple.
Doug sat back and watched the show, with my two boobs out for all to see, even if "all" was just Doug, and perhaps Old Man Stoneham. I blushed, but it was a fait accompli, so I just relaxed and went with the flow, engaging Doug in pointless conversation regarding the news of the day. I was surprised that Doug had some insightful things to say.
And why not? Just because Doug was a womanizer, who had set his immediate goal on yours truly, as it now became clear, didn't mean he was an idiot. The bastard seemed to be smart as hell.
Not to be outdone in the smarts, I quietly sent a text to Barbara.
Doug is here. SOS, 911, everything
Barbara texted back, right away.
Be right over
With the prospect of Barbara coming over to save me from the evil machinations of Doug the Womanizer, who sometimes is called "Doug Juan," on a play of Don Juan, I was able to relax, and I enjoyed the conversation with Doug, even if I was topless during it, and nursing Hazel.
As I moved Hazel over to my right breast, and Doug spoke, showing he was well coached by the man I claim to love, who shall remain nameless, but lots of people call him Mark. "May I lick up Hazel's leftovers?"
"Doug, that's gross, and much too intimate. So, in a word, no," I said.
"But ..."
I knew he was about to say that Mark got to do that, so of course by English common law precedent, he should get to do it, too, but thank goodness he caught himself before he said it. Since had Doug Juan said that, and had I let him say it in his hypnotic way, we'd probably be fucking by the time Barbara got here. Yes, I'm that easy of a slut when some kinky sex is involved. Besides, as an extra plus, Old Man Stoneham would have enjoyed the show!
"You know, Joanie, if I may say so, you're looking especially fetching this morning. The curve of your hips from your waist to your legs is beautifully displayed by the leggings you're wearing," he said.
"It's not spoiled by the spit up stains on the leggings?" I asked, giggling.
By the time Barbara burst in, to the rescue, she found me still feeding Hazel while still being topless, and giggling as Doug complimented me. I was wearing my bedroom eyes, to boot. Doug was holding my feet and giving them a sensual massage from heaven, Barbara knew Doug was getting to me. She also knew that if I had not sent her my SOS, I was destined to be yet another notch on Doug's belt. Maye I'd be a special notch, as the girl he laid while her baby nursed.
However, I did in fact send Barbara an SOS, and now here she was, her presence being a magnificent life saver, or in this case a dignity saver. Hazel had just about finished her meal, and she had fallen back asleep while eating, as she often does. I postponed changing her diaper, as she had not yet pooped, and put her in the crib, as I quickly donned my bra and my blouse, as Barbara sputtered her greetings.
**
"I guess I passed Mark's test," I said, to Barbara, after Doug Juan left.
"What do you mean?" Barbara asked.
"He apparently wanted to know if I was just a horny slut who would put out for his best friend, Doug Juan, or if his laying me was special to him," I said.
"Or," Barbara replied, "He simply told Doug what had happened, giving Doug a hard-on for you."
"Mark would have known this would happen," I said.
"No, you would have known it would happen, but Mark was just innocently recounting a spectacular time to his best friend," she said.
"If he had such a spectacular time with me, why has he tried nothing since?" I asked.
"Maybe he doesn't want to soil the memory of his wonderful fuck with you?" Barbara offered.
"That's ridiculous," I said.
"Is it? Shall we try something in reverse?"
"Ooh, your mind is wicked. Would you be willing to do that?" I asked Barbara.
"Sure, for two reasons. First of all, it won't work. I could never seduce Mark. Second, if I'm wrong and I can seduce him, well, he's pretty hot," Barbara said.
"Maybe this is not such a good idea," I said.
Just then, the doorbell rang.
"Hello, Mark. Your trick with Doug didn't work, you know," I said.
To Mark's credit, he didn't try to hide his complicity. "Yes, so I hear," he said. "Except for Doug getting to check out your beautiful boobs, of course. Just so you know, he agrees that they're the best boobs in all creation. "
"Of course," I said. "Hey, I've got great boobs, but there's no need to exaggerate."
"I'm sure Hazel agrees," Mark said, smiling.
"And your best friend Doug agrees, too," I teased.
"Yes, yes, he surely does," Mark said.
"What about you, Mark?" I felt I had to ask directly, since he was not being forthcoming on his own. "Do you like my boobs?"
"Maybe I could see them again, to decide?" Mark asked.
"Nice try, buster. You've seen them plenty already. Remember six years ago?" I said. There I go. I wasn't planning for it, but no matter: I was going for it!
Mark looked nervous, upset. "What happened six years ago? Do you remember?" Mark asked.
"Well, I was pretty damn drunk at the time, but a girl remembers when she's been royally fucked, for the first time, by a man she loves," I said.
"Joanie, just what are you talking about?" he asked. Mark obviously knew, but he wanted it spelled out.
"There was a party, over at Alvin and Lorrie's place. It was a Halloween party. I wore the costume of a nurse, since it was during the pandemic, and someone, I think it was Doug, arranged for me to have a little wardrobe malfunction, Janet Jackson style," I said.
Mark was getting bigger in the crotch. "What happened, more explicitly, if you remember?"
"Well, at some point I was dancing to some hard rock on top of Doug's coffee table. The top of my outfit closed with Velcro and it somehow fell away, and since my boobs were small before I had Hazel, I was braless, so what anyone looking at me saw, was my naked boobs," I said.
"And then what?"
"Well, all the men started cheering me, which confused me, since in my drunken state I didn't even realize I was dancing topless. You, being my best friend and all, tried to save me from this humiliation and told me to stop, but I was having fun and wouldn't hear of it," I continued.
"I bet I know what I did," he said.
"You remember?" I asked.
"No, my memory is a blank. But if I know myself, I would have gotten on the table with you, and tried to help you to cover your boobs," he said. "I would have hugged you."
"You sure you don't remember? Because that's exactly what you did. It backfired, though," I said.
"Really? How so?"
"Well, your friend Doug had booby trapped my nursing skirt, as well, and in our little struggle, my skirt came off, too. Then there I was, dressed in panties only, dancing on a table top! I finally realized my state, was horrified, and began to scream, over the cheers of our male friends, and some of our female friends, as well. Cell phone pictures were taken, and a lot of them. My partial, near total, nudity was the talk of the party."
"What did you do then?"
"I screamed and cried, and I let you spirit me off to a bedroom to recover from my shame and humiliation. I was upset," I said.
"I'll bet you were!" Mark said. He added, "Did I try to comfort you?"
"Yes, and you were good at it. You held me, stroked my hair, said comforting words, and then we kissed. You kissed me so well, and you were there for me so brilliantly, that I melted my near naked body into your arms. We made out, and your fingers, and then your mouth, went to my nipple, and next your fingers went to my pussy. It was a spectacular, comforting seduction, and I was yours for the taking," I said.
"And?" he asked.
"And what?" I countered.
"Did I take you?"
"You really don't remember? Really and truly you don't remember?"
"Sorry, but no, I don't."
"Yes, you took me, beautifully. I had two orgasms and screamed them out to the world. You didn't use protection, but I was too drunk and upset to notice or care. Your drunken, comforting, effective seduction gave me the greatest gift anyone could give anyone," I said, and at that point Hazel cried out. She was right on cue as it was time for her feeding. I let Mark figure out, all by himself, what the greatest gift was. Hazel surely knew. She's probably the only person on Earth just then who liked my boobs more than Mark.
**
I got my figure back relatively quickly after I gave birth, and I was once again every man's secret object of desire. Every man, that is, except the one man I wanted to desire me. I knew I couldn't simply throw myself at him; those tactics wouldn't work with Mark. He might have even ended up laughing at me!
What finally did the trick was a double date: Me with Doug, and Barbara with Mark. Yes, Barbara has successfully seduced Mark, and she was having one hell of a high time about it! I was, of course, furious, all the more so because it was my idea.
After the dinner and the movie, with Hazel safely at my mother's house, the four of us returned to my place. I was sitting next to Doug, of course, and Barbara was next to Mark. Doug did not know he was not the father of Hazel, but I'm not sure he cared. As far as Doug was concerned, Hazel was my problem, and my problem alone.
When Doug began to kiss me, as we -- in theory -- watched something on Netflix via my streaming TV, I made a point of kissing him back with passion. It was easy to do, since Doug was the sexiest man I knew. God, he was sexy. I was enjoying torturing Mark, which just made the torture all the more effective.
Mark then kissed Barbara and raised the stakes by undressing her to her bra and panties. Doug quickly followed suit, undressing me. Five minutes later we were down to our panties, both of us, and I was beginning to worry, just a bit. It's a bit extreme, after all, to fuck Doug just to make Mark jealous. My heart was sinking. Maybe Mark and I were just not meant to be? I was on the verge of crying. I really didn't want to fuck Doug; I wanted Mark!
Well, it was a good thing I chose friends who were smart, quick and great friends. Barbara whispered something into Mark's ear, and I saw his eyes get as big as saucers. Then she got up, and -- boobs bouncing -- walked over to Doug and me, and pulled Doug up, and led him off to a bedroom.
Doug didn't care. Barbara was just as much a prize as I might have been, and best of all (for Doug), she was willing! Both Mark and I sat there in shock, and in short order we heard the telltale squeak of my bed, combined with the soft moans of a woman being pleasured.
Mark looked over at my near naked form, disappointed that Barbara gave herself to Doug, and not to him. Then he looked again. He looked a third time.
"See anything you like, big boy?" I said.
Five minutes later Mark and I were both naked. I was flat on my back, my legs spread, and Mark's cock had quite easily found its way, now for the third time in our lives, into the slit where it was always meant to be. Fucking me was preordained by the gods in Heaven, or Mount Olympus, or Paramus, N.J., or wherever the gods hang out, and I'm sure the gods were jealous of how happy I was, as Mark plundered my nether regions as only one's true love ever could.
This time I played my cards right. When Doug proposed swapping women after the first fucks, I said no. Barbara was willing, but when I said no, Mark too joined in with a weak no, but at least it was a no! I'll take it. We compromised by letting Barbara and Doug watch Mark and me fuck a second time. I'm not sure Mark enjoyed the exhibitionist fuck as much as I did, but then, as Barbara once remarked, I am one hell of a kinky bitch. As Doug once remarked, I am one hell of a fox. It's a good combination.
When Mark finally proposed to me, I suspect it was basically to keep me to himself, and not, for example, to let my charms be shared with Doug the Womanizer, Colin the Asshole, my brother Dan of incestuous renown, or Mr. X.
I said yes, that I love him and had always loved him, and he gave me a diamond ring so big it was destined to give the ring finger of my left hand a hernia. Nevertheless, I wore it proudly and happily.
Mark still hadn't realized he was Hazel's father, but at least he realized he loved me, and that he wanted me as his life partner. We moved in together, and planned the wedding.
My Mom took wonderful care of little Hazel as Mark and I enjoyed our honeymoon. I was surprised at Mark's virility, as he fucked, and he really did fuck me wonderfully, several times a day, as we bronzed ourselves on the beach in Aruba.
I'm not sure when it happened. I think we were married about three months when Mark's memory returned enough to realize we had made drunken love at Alvin and Lorrie's party right around the time Hazel was conceived.
"Joanie, you know how I always thought either Colin or Doug was the father of our daughter Hazel?"
"Yes, I do. I was impressed you wanted to marry me anyway," I replied.
"Well, do you think it's possible that I created Hazel with you that drunken time at Doug's party? I'm beginning to recover fragments of some memories, and one thing I remember is that I didn't have a rubber, and you had said you weren't protected, but we did it anyway," he said.
"It was a truly memorable fuck. I wanted it so very much," I replied, making Mark work for it.
Hazel cried, right on cue, our little girl once again displaying her insatiable appetite. As Hazel nursed at my naked breasts, Mark looked at her, at me, and at myself.
"I'm her biological father, aren't I," Mark said. It was a declaration, not a question.
Mark's finally realized, all by himself, that he's the father of Hazel. Later I showed him all the DNA tests I had done while she was still a fetus. Yes, he is the father. To my surprise, that gave Mark yet another erection, and once Rachel had finished nursing, it also gave me another wonderful fuck, during which I came twice. Throughout the fuck, Mark fondled my gigantic diamond on my left hand. I think Mark was finally realizing we were married, and that it was a good thing.
As Shakespeare would have it, All's Well That Ends Well.