I woke up the next morning feeling surprisingly refreshed. I had slept in a bit, so I grabbed a protein bar and headed to school to make sure the final examinations were ready. I would not be allowed to monitor the tests. Some years before a teacher had been caught coaching her students during finals to improve their scores (and her evaluation based on those scores). Interns now sat in on the tests. I took the opportunity to make an appointment with Jodi, my personal trainer and high school friend, for a late morning work-out.
After we were done Jodi and I sat at the cabana, sipping on smoothies. Jodi is, and was, spectacular looking. She was wearing a form-fitting black leotard, which form-fitted itself to a powerful, well-muscled, trim body and a set of ginormous boobs. She kept her hair short, but her dark eyes, perfect nose, and thick lips were unmistakably feminine. She had been among my friends most vocal in their dislike of Kevin. Not that she objected to taking sexual partners outside of marriage, she and her husband, a former Navy Seal, did regularly. I had been declining their invitations to join them in bed for years. She just objected when one partner played around while demanding fidelity from the other.
"What are your plans tonight?" she asked.
"My bother and I are going to dinner at my parents."
"You still moping over Kevin, honey?"
If you only you knew, I thought.
"I'm actually doing better than I thought I would."
"Your Dad still gorgeous?"
Most of my girlfriends incessantly teased me about my Dad. He was unquestionably a handsome man. He kept himself up: trim and in shape, he was invariably well-dressed, teeth brushed, breath fresh, nails immaculate. His silver hair was always in place. His age proclaimed that he was experienced, determined, and rigorous, not old. Dad stood straight and confident, spoke without profanity, and treated everyone around him with respect. Even the most circumspect of the fathers from among my circle of girlfriends could be caught leering at one of us on occasion. Several made little effort to hide it. Dad had a way of letting a woman know she was beautiful, but never stared. It didn't hurt his image that he and Mom, who had also retained her looks, clearly adored each other.
I had always resisted my friends' teasing about my Dad, denying that I noticed his good looks, but what was the point, he was. "Yes."
"How's your brother? I heard he and Julie broke up. Don't worry, she'll be back."
Julie had my brother hooked. She was one of those Crazy Hot Chicks. Beautiful and sexy, wild and fun, you sensed she was the Tasmanian Devil in bed. She was also nuts. The kind of girl who'd throw a tantrum in a crowded restaurant for no reason and to whom you better not provide your keys, e-mail password, checkbook location, or anything else with which she could do damage when she stormed out because you mentioned an old girlfriend's name. Julie and Hank were on break-up number two. There'd be more.
"Yeah, that's what were afraid of."
"I saw your brother recently, he's grown into quite the hunk. I remember when he was just your kid brother trying to peek at us while we were changing clothes or modeling lingerie."
That I remembered well. Whenever I had girlfriends over Hank would lurk around, trying to catch us in various stages of undress. At first I refused to believe it, but eventually, and after catching him a couple of times myself, I conceded the point. It didn't help that I had a number of friends, Jodi included, that had a hint of the exhibitionist. They didn't mind getting caught.
"Yeah. Speaking of that, I've always suspected you and some of the others were taking your clothes off where you were sure he could see, like you were teasing him."
Jodi smiled. "Guilty as charged." She glanced down at her own body. "I don't wear this skin type outfit because I don't like to be looked at. And its fun watching a guy get turned on. Your brother tried to hide 'em, but he sported a fair number of hard-ons when we were around. He even seemed well hung."
The alarm on her cell phone went off. "Time for my next appointment. See ya."
She walked out of the room. I watched her. I watched guys watch her. I could see why they watched her.
I picked up the completed tests at school and headed home. The school's computer assigned the initial grades. My job was to make sure the computer got it right. I scanned the print out. The class had done well as a whole. There were several exams for which the computer provided a grade inconsistent with the student's skill. I made a note to pay special attention to those. I also planned to leave for last the one thing that most interested me: Scottie's grades. Going into finals he had the highest grade in calculus. However, Rebecca Warrensen and he both had a 96 in statistics. I would carefully review their exams.
I was, as usual, a bit horny after my work out. I started flipping through Sally's films, stopping at "Family Fun," a movie about an incestuous family. With my conversation with Jodi fresh in my head, I popped it into the DVD player.
It was not art. There was this brother who liked to spy on his sister undressing. After she left the house he would masturbate with her underwear. Then, one happy day, she forget her keys, returned home, caught him, and gave him the real thing. That night the son took his Mom out dancing, something the father no longer did. Dad and daughter went to a concert, a place Mom no longer cared to visit. Daughter fondled Dad throughout the show and sucked him off on the way home. They arrived home to find Mom and son in bed together and, with a buxom maid who just happened to wander by, decided to join in. As I said, not art, but mighty hot. Using a fingertip vibrator I brought myself off three times.
Temporarily satiated I turned back to the examinations, completing more than half. I would have gotten more done, but memories of the movie and my conversation with Jodi distracted me. By the time I was ready to dress for dinner I gave in completely to temptation. I put on a garter, stockings, and panties, a long black skirt with a lengthy slit, and boots with stiletto heels. I fetched a feminine lacy white bustier from an old gift box and covered it with a sleeveless red blouse
Normally when I pick up my brother I call him from my car. Tonight I decided to make an entrance. I got out of the car and knocked. When he opened the door I was leaning on the door frame. His eyes went wide.
"I didn't know it was dress up night."
"It's not," I replied, "I just thought it would be fun."
He was wearing dirty sneakers, some old jeans, and a tee-shirt. "I better go change."
"Don't bother, you look fine." I grabbed his hand and we headed for my car.
As we drove to Marteen's, a local wine shop, to pick up something for the evening, I let the slit ride up my leg. He noticed. While shopping I stood in his personal space a bit too long, mimicked his movements, and touched him a bit more than usual. He noticed that too.
Dad was, as always, gracious, commenting on how especially lovely I looked that evening. He led us to the kitchen and poured four glasses of wine as Mom put the finishing touches on the lemon pepper shrimp scampi. I tried looking at Mom and Dad through Jodi's eyes; they were attractive charming people. Yeah, maybe, if I wasn't his daughter, I could go for that.
After dinner we cleared the table and adjourned to the living room for after dinner drinks and additional gab. My brother sat on the couch next to me. After ensuring my parents would be unable to see, I crossed my legs, exposing a long expanse of my left leg in the slit. My brother noticed; while he tried to focus on our parents his eyes repeatedly ran up my leg. Emboldened, I worked the slit up, exposing the top of my stockings and garters.
It was around 9:00 P.M. when Dad artfully brought the conversation to a close and herded us to the door. I studied my parents' faces. Were those bedroom eyes? Was Dad getting us out so he could get Mom upstairs?
When we got to Hank's house I wasn't ready to call it an evening and I invited myself in for a drink. Hank was happy to accommodate me. He went to the kitchen to pour two glasses of wine and I went to the bathroom and found what I wanted, a bottle of baby oil. I returned to the living room and sat on the couch, storing the lubricant in the cushion behind me. When Hank emerged from the kitchen I patted the cushion next to me, indicating where he should sit. When he did so I shifted my position, resting my back on him. I crooked my knee, letting almost an entire leg emerge from the slit.
I took a sip of the surprisingly good wine. Was my brother developing taste? "Guess who I saw today."
"Don't know."
"My high school friend Jodi. Do you remember her?'
No guy ever forgot Jodi. My brother was, at least, polite about it. "Yeah, she was funny. Teased me all the time."
"Well, Jodi reminded me of a controversy among my girlfriends." I placed a hand on his thigh. "Jodi thought you tried to spy on us, tried to catch us in various states of undress, catch a glimpse of lingerie or flesh. Is that true?"
My brother already flustered by our physical intimacy, paused, delayed, and by the time he had assembled a lie he could see he was busted.
"Yeah."
I paused, waiting for an explanation.
"Sis, I was fourteen and the hottest girls in town were undressing in the next bedroom. I mean, what do you expect?'
I laughed, increasing the pressure of my hand on his thigh. "Well to be honest, it appears a bunch of the girls started flashing you on purpose. They were digging the attention."
My brother looked pained.
"That must have sent you to bed with some terminal cases of blue balls."
"Something like that."
"Another question: did you ever go into my lingerie drawer when I wasn't home?"
At this he turned beet red. "How did you ...? Never mind, yeah."
Moving slowly, I draped my left leg over his right, revealing a long expanse of leg and my stockings. "A couple of the girls found some Victoria Secrets' catalogs stashed in your bedroom. Why do you think I wore this tonight. I thought you might like it. And to answer your question, I arranged my lingerie so I could see if it was disturbed."
I took hold of his chin and turned his face towards mine. "Jodi was telling me what a handsome man you've grown into. Well, she was a bit more explicit. I started checking you out tonight and she's right, my baby brother's a hunk. Hank the hunk. I can't believe I missed it."
And then, before he could respond, I added, "Did you mean what you said earlier, that I was one of the hottest girls in town."
His response was careful, yet positive. "All the guys said so, that's why they liked hanging out at our house."
Again, taking my time, I straightened my leg, leaving it and the boots completely exposed. His leg trembled. His penis was moving, starting to stiffen.
"And you, baby brother, do you think your sister is pretty?"
Hank was confused. What was I doing? I considered playing with him a bit longer, but it was time let him off the hook. I ran my thumb the length of his penis, which jumped in response, and said, "I wanted to know cause I figure you and I are both in a dry spell right now. Maybe we can help each other out."
He was not sure what to do, but his penis was hard, like a piece of iron. I rubbed its length several times through his pants and then lowered his zipper and reached inside. Jodi was right: impressive girth, impressive length. My brother's head may not have been sure what was going on, but his cock was ready to go.
I guided his hand under my skirt and placed it on my very wet panties. This sent palpable shudders through his body, and mine. When I spoke I found a raw desire in my voice even I had not expected. "I need you tonight. If you want me to beg, I will."
He stared at me, still not sure what to do. I leaned my head towards his and licked his lips. His mouth parted, only slightly, but enough for me to force my happy tongue inside. Gradually gaining steam, we were soon making out like two frantic horny too-long-denied teenagers. I pulled his cock free of his underwear. One of his fingers pushed aside my panties and dipped inside my wet swollen sex. We moaned into each other's mouths.
My baby brother turned out to be an excellent kisser. His tongue was active, exploring the deepest recesses of my mouth, and then returning to play with mine. We could have done this for hours, I thought, but the allure of his cock was too powerful to be ignored. It was hard and big and warm and I had to see it. I broke the kiss, undid his belt and pushed his pants down his thighs. It popped free, standing at attention. A pearl of pre-cum oozed from the tip.
"Ohmigod Hank, its beautiful." And then, trying to be coy, I said, "Do you mind if I play with it awhile?"
I didn't wait for an answer. I retrieved the baby oil from its hiding place, dripped in on to the head of his penis and watched it flow down the side. I turned to face him, licking my lips for dramatic effect, and coated my own hands with the oil. Then, slowly, deliberately, I wrapped my fingers around his tool. It jumped. I ran my hand up and down it several times. Hank remained silent, not wanting to say a word, afraid that any action on his part might return him to reality.
As I massaged the oil into his penis I built up a mass of spit in my mouth. When done I leaned forward, letting the saliva drip onto the head of his cock, where it flowed down the sides and merged with the oil. I rubbed both lubricants into his tool. Hank's rump started rocking in time with my hand. Finally he said, "Oh Sis, that feel's so good."
I slowly, rhythmically, twisted my hand up and down his shaft, increasing the speed but always maintaining control. When my fingers started to tire I focused on working him with my wrists, letting my fingers slide all over his thick hard dick. His head dropped back and his hands and arms fell to his side. He let out a long gentle, "Uhnnnhhhhhhhh." I was getting this just right.
I watched his face, watched his breathing change. His eyes closed; he was entirely focused on the hand on his cock. With my free hand I cupped his testicles, stroking them with my oily fingers.
I was feeling emboldened. What else could I do? I flipped my hand upside down and held his penis, placing my thumb at the base of his shaft, and moved my hand up. When I reached the top I let my palm glide over the head. Hank bucked and his growl filled the room. I slid my hand back down his shaft, twisting it as I went.
Hank had sunk into the couch, letting me do whatever I wanted. I released his penis and it flopped against his stomach. I cupped his testicles with myfingers, resting the heel of my hand on the underside of his penis. There I pressed and rubbed hard, the lubricant letting me easily slide against him.
"Oh god, feels so, oh god."
More ideas about what to do with my brother's handsome cock crowded into my head, but from the way he was shaking and the cum spilling from the tip of his dick it was clear he was on the verge of coming. I locked my fingers around the top of his shaft and swirled my open palm around the head while continuing to work the sensitive underside of his dick with my thumb. He began fucking my hand, combining the friction of this movement with the delights I was bringing him.
"On baby brother, I can't believe I lived down the hall from such a delightful hard fat big prick all those years and didn't take advantage of it. Will you forgive me? Will you let me play with it all the time from now on?"
He wanted to say yes, but the best he could do was, "Unnhh, unnnnhhhh, uuunnnnhhhhhh, uuuuunnnnnnhhhhhhh..."
I pulled up his tee-shirt. My baby brother had a tight flat muscular torso. I licked and sucked his nipples. He moaned, speeding up the pace of his jabs into my hand. I reached for his scrotum with my free hand and felt his balls tighten. I turned; I was just in time to watch the cum geyser from his dick and spray all over his hairless chest.
* * * *
I was back home, taking a shower, reliving the rest of the night. After my brother recovered he sank two fingers into my cunt, expertly bringing me off. I then undid my blouse, exposing the bustier. My brother, now confident in his appeal to me, pulled aside the fabric and took one of my breasts in his mouth as he brought me to a another mind-numbing orgasm with his hand. By this time he was fully erect. I knelt between his legs and brought him off, employing both hands on his thick shaft. True to the porn flicks I'd been watching, I let him spray his semen over my face and tits.
The temptation to crawl into bed with him and spend the night was strong. But grades were due at 11:00 A.M. - they had to posted by noon - and I wasn't yet sure if I was ready to take my brother's fat cock in my pussy. There was, after all, incest and then there was incest. I gave him a sweet kiss good night and headed home.
There was one additional consideration; I was eager to tell Sally what had happened. After my shower I sent her the following message:
"I watched 'Family Fun' and then spent the night with my family. I never before appreciated how attractive my parents are or that my brother has grown up into a sexy young man. Well, he and I ended up bringing each other off with our hands and I let him spray his cum all over my face. Tell you more soon!"
* * * *
The next morning I brewed some tea and spread the remaining papers on my kitchen table. The work went quickly; the school computer was generally right on target. Scottie had the highest grade in calculus. The computer showed that he and Rebecca Warrensen were still tied for the highest grade in statistics; both got a 96 on the final. I reviewed her examination. It was solid work; she deserved her grade. I picked up his and found a computer error. He received zero credit for an answer on which he should have received partial credit. I changed his grade to a 97; now he had the highest grade in both classes. He won our bet. I submitted the grades, donned my work-out clothes, and headed for the gym. When I returned that afternoon there was a message on my Iphone:
"Looks like I won oh doubtful one. I'll pick you up at 11:30 A.M. tomorrow. Lunch at Mack's on the Park and then the museum. And thanks for being such a great teacher."
It was signed only "S."
Well, I decided, if I was going to honor my promise to Scottie, I was going to have to visit the mall. Scottie's good work required the highest quality lingerie. To get in the mood I flipped through the movies looking for one whose title I had noticed earlier. Entitled "Lingerie Lesbians," it was purportedly a sequel to "Lingerie and Dildos," which I had watched several days before. The women were beautiful, the lingerie not bad, and I noticed an immediate difference with the other pornography I'd watched, these women seduced each other. They took the time to smile, kiss, caress, fondle, and touch before burying their faces into each other's privates. I had not thought I had same-sex desires, but there was no denying the steady heat between my legs. I turned the DVD off and headed for the shower, reminding myself that I was not a lesbian.
In the shower, as the hot water cascaded onto my body, I weakened. I ran my finger up and down my labia and then focused on my clitoris. I thought about Jodi and her husband, about finally accepting their invitation to join them in bed, about making love to them, except when I exploded and slid, back against the shower wall, to the shower floor, it was mostly Jodi in my mind's eye.
Still slightly dazed, I dressed, packed my cash from my night at the hotel, and headed for the mall. First I went to Macy's and picked out a black leather pencil skirt that ended several inches above my knees, a loose fitting blue shirt with half-sleeves, and three and one-half inch black pumps.
For lingerie, I went to Agent Provocateur. There were two women working there. One was gorgeous; a tall light complexioned blonde with a svelte build who could have modeled the stuff in the store. I put her in her early twenties. Her companion was several inches shorter. She kept her brown hair in a short bob, the hair curled forward. She was small breasted and although she packed some extra weight in her ass and thighs, she was far from fat. She was in her mid-thirties and I assumed in charge.
The blonde turned to me. "My name is Gretchen. Can I help you?"
I was a bit nervous. I'd never bought myself sexy lingerie before; it had all been given me as gifts. The blonde, with her friend mostly listening, asked me a series of questions to determine what would work best. Her infectious manner got most of the story out of me: I had entered into and lost an impulsive bet with an attractive younger man. Now I had to go on a date with him wearing lingerie and I might, just might, want to knock his socks off. I tried to leave them with the impression that he was a younger man I supervised at whatever company employed me.
The blonde turned to her friend. "What do you think Paulette?"
Paulette flashed a warm smile. There was something very likable about her. She openly studied my body and then said, "Not that you need it, but have you ever tired a corset?"
"No."
Gretchen was immediately enthusiastic. "You'd looked great. Something black to contrast with your skin and hair. How much do you want to blow his socks off."
I had been thinking about something a little less risque, but the thought of me in a corset was intriguing. It might, at least, temporarily, shut the young man up. I didn't need to answer the question. My positive reaction was evident in my face.
"Let's try the Damson and Mercy," Paulette said. After confirming she had correctly guessed my size, she directed me to the dressing room and went to fetch the goods. She suggested I try the Damson on first, it was more classic, less frilly. I carried it to the dressing room but was having trouble getting it to fit right; I had never tried on a corset before. I called to Paulette for help.
She entered the room, looking at me without embarrassment, "Having trouble? A lot of people do. They take some getting used to."
Paulette had me turn around and ran her hands ran along the side of my body, straightening the lines and seams. She then redid some of the buttons on the front and, placing her hands over my breasts, moved them slightly in the cups. Although I was briefly uneasy over the familiar way she touched me, her strong sensitive hands quickly won me over. When her hands covered my breasts I even felt a small, but definite, tingle between my legs. After she tightened the laces in the back, she surveyed her work.
"Absolutely magnificent!"
She slipped some stiletto heels on my feet and, calling for Gretchen to take a look, had me stand on a small podium. I turned around several times.
Gretchen stared at me in unabashed admiration and then looked at Paulette, "My god, she's beautiful."
I had mostly been checking myself out in the mirror, but the intensity of Gretchen's voice caught my attention. She was looking right at me, eyes smoky and slightly dilated. She sucked on her lower lip and then ran her tongue along her lips, moistening them. I wasn't sure, but it seemed like she blushed.
"Well, you've certainly got Gretchen's approval," Paulette said. "Gretch, why don't you help her with the Mercy corset. I'll watch the store."
Paulette's voice snapped Gretchen back to reality. "Of course," and then to me, "I'm not sure if we need to go any further, I mean you look great. But I would like to see you in the Mercy Corset."
I looked at myself in the mirror. I also wondered if I needed to go any further, I looked great. But I was enjoying myself. I liked these women's hands on me; I liked playing model for them; I liked their eyes on me.
I answered Gretchen, surprised by the coquettish tone of my voice. "If it's no trouble, I'd like to show you."
Gretchen handed me the Mercy corset. It was lacier and a bit more sheer than the Damson.
While I changed in the dressing room, I kept the curtain partly open. It allowed an easier conversation with Gretchen and if it afforded her an occasional peek at my form, well, I could live with that. Although I had more success with this one than the first, I still couldn't get it quite right. I called for Gretchen to help.
As Gretchen fitted the garment to me I contrasted her touch with Paulette's: not as strong or confident, a little gentler. Paulette was sure she knew how to touch a woman. Gretchen was not. She needed reassurance.
"You have very soft hands, Gretchen. They feel good on me."
She blushed openly this time. "I'm glad. Thank you."
I could hear Paulette in the store, talking to some customers.
Placing my hand on her forearm, I said, "Gretchen, while we wait for Paulette, would you help me put on some stockings and garters. I'd like to see the full effect."
Gretchen, unconsciously, arched her back. Her breathing had definitely slowed. She picked out some stockings, panties, and garters. I put on the panties and garters in front of her and then sat down and held out my leg as she slipped the stockings up my legs. My hands were trembling. So were hers. We finished with another pair of stiletto heels.
I ran my hands down my body and then cupped my breasts. Gretchen was staring at me. "How do I look. I feel so sexy."
"You're beautiful," she replied. There was no guile in her voice.
"Run your hand down my side, let me know how the fabric feels."
Gretchen did do. Goosebumps formed on my skin. "Your young man will be pleased," she said
Just then I was startled by a mechanical noise. A metal gate was descending over the store's entrance. I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was 8:00, closing time at the mall.
Paulette bustled in seconds latter, apologies pouring from her lips, and then she stopped dead in her tracks.
"Good god, are you fine!"
She motioned me up to the platform. I posed for both women. Paulette stepped on the platform and circled me. She ran her hands down the side of my body, as if evaluating the material. Her knowing hands occasionally paused, straightening lines that didn't seem crooked and eliminating rumples I couldn't see. As Paulette's touches became more openly sensual, the gentle smoldering between my legs intensified.
It was then that I noticed Gretchen in one of the mirrors. She was staring at me, making no attempt to hide her interest, a look of sheer concupiscence on her face. Her look was almost distracted, like she'd forgotten where she was. When Paulette straightened the cups holding my breasts, Gretchen's hands drifted upwards, the movement half-conscious. She cupped and squeezed her breasts. She dragged her thumbs hard across her nipples, whose outline was clearly visible through her clothes. Her body shuddered; she let our a sharp gasp of desire.
I didn't make eye contact with Gretchen, maintaining the illusion that she was unseen. Instead I kept her in my peripheral vision or viewed her in the room's many mirrors. I was captivated by her reaction; naked desire was burning in her eyes.
Paulette stepped back. "Eve, check out your breasts, make sure they're comfortable."
There was no discomfort, no hint of discomfort. Nonetheless, I did not hesitate. I held my left breast, imitating Gretchen's movement, cupped it in my hand, and flicked it with my thumb. Gretchen ran her tongue across her full lips. I did the same. I gave my right breast the same treatment, this time letting out a soft, barely audible, moan of delight.
I adopted a guilty secretive look, glanced around, and then turned my back to the ladies. I let my hand drift to my panties and ran a finger across the mouth of my vagina and up my wet labia. Although my back was turned, what I was doing was clearly evident in the mirrors and my sharp moan plainly proclaimed how much I enjoyed it. After working my labia a few more times I crooked my finger and inserted it into my vagina, finding the g-spot. My body started, as if on its own volition, a slow languorous sway. I made no effort to suppress a series of sensual moans.
I watched my admirers in a mirror. Paulette stood behind Gretchen, cupping and kneading her friend's breasts. Gretchen, like me, had buried her hand in her crotch, unhurriedly working her sex. Again, acting as if I was the only one in the room, I reached behind me, pulled aside my thong, and fingered my asshole. I inserted my index finger up to the first digit and that felt so good I pushed it the rest of the way in.
Again I looked in the mirror. Paulette had dropped to her knees, undid Gretchen's skirt, and was avidly licking the cleft of her ass. Paulette slid two fingers into Gretchen's vagina and then inserted them, coated with Gretchen's cunt juice, into the girl's ass. Gretchen gave an involuntarily squeal of delight.
I slowly turned around, my body swaying in time with my fingers, and faced my two observers. I had never thought of myself as an exhibitionist, but watching Gretchen's reaction to my performance was intensely exciting. I pulled aside my thong, exposed my cunt, and pushed three fingers inside while running my thumb in hard circles around my clitoris.
My exposed pussy pushed Gretchen to the next level. She jammed three fingers into her cunt and planted the heel of her hand on her clit, pivoting her body against them.
Paulette had stood back up, one hand playing with Gretchen's asshole, the other with her breasts. She talked to her friend in a stage whisper, loud enough for all to hear. "Isn't she hot? Look how her cunt is burning up. What a horny girl she is. I bet she's thinking about when you had your hands on her, helping her get ready."
Gretchen let out a low guttural, "Unnh..."
I groaned in response, the tone and passion of my utterance echoing hers. From there we moved in lockstep, Gretchen's fervent whimperings being quickly matched by my febrile responses. The pretense that we were alone dissolved, we were staring into each other's eyes, cunts, tits. Gretchen's face was flush, her skin covered with a thin sheen of perspiration, and her movements increasingly jerky. She was on the edge of an orgasm and I knew when she exploded, I would also.
Paulette then took over. She half-pushed, half-lowered, her friend to the floor and grabbed Gretchen's hands, forcibly pulling them from her cunt. Gretchen groaned in protest and tried to jam them back into her pussy, but she was no match for Paulette's determination. Gretchen's face was frantic with need. That's when Paulette buried her face in Gretchen's cunt.
Gretchen jerked, trying to free herself, but was helpless against her friend's strength. She tried protesting in a voice sodden with fear and lust, "No, stop, I'm not like that," but Paulette ignored her, attacking Gretchen's cunt with maniacal intensity. The porn films I had been watching over the last few days inevitably featured lesbian scenes, but nothing compared to watching the real thing.
Paulette must have had a talented mouth for a transformation quickly came over Gretchen. She stopped struggling and soon was rocking her hips into Paulette's face. Paulette rammed two fingers into Gretchen, who squealed in delight. Gretchen's eyes returned to me, watching me masturbate as I watched Paulette eat Gretchen's pussy. When I cupped one of my breasts Gretchen did the same. When I brought it to my mouth and licked my nipple, so did Gretchen.
Gretchen and I had once again converged, each of us bounding lock step towards a powerful orgasm. Gretchen came first, screaming in delight and shoving her cunt into Paulette's face. My scream echoed hers; it was heaven. My mind was consumed by a fantastic display of shimmering lights.
* * * *
I sat there a few minutes, mired in the joy washing through my body. When I noticed Gretchen staring at me, a silly joyful happy grin on her face, I went to lay next to her, softly stroking her skin. She did the same to me. It felt nice to be touched. I'm not sure how long it was, but Paulette returned and kissed Gretchen on the lips, a sweet sensual kiss. "You just lay here honey, I'll see our guest out." Paulette helped me to my feet, guided me to my clothes, and walked with me into the store. Waiting on the counter was a nicely wrapped box.
"I assumed you'd choose the Mercy Corset and accouterments. Here they are. On the house."
"You don't need to do that," I said.
"I started out as a manager of a Victoria's Secret. Over time I noticed something curious about the young woman who applied for jobs. Many of them harbored voyeuristic and lesbian desires, but were doing their best to suppress them. In retrospect it should have been obvious, the job consisted of dressing women in scanty sexy clothes. Of course it attracted women who liked looking at other women.
"I also learned something about myself. I liked young women with such hidden needs and desires. I especially liked liberating those feelings. I opened this franchise in large part to fulfil my own fantasy life.
"But its become more than that. We've developed a stable of customers who like to be watched. They come here, in part, to try on outfits before an audience of young salesgirls whose eyes burn with desire for them. For a few extra dollars the girls will watch our customers masturbate or make love. For a few more dollars, they'll join in. It's immensely profitable.
"When Gretchen applied I could sense she was just what I wanted. I have been nurturing her along for awhile now; there was a lot of family upbringing to override. When you walked in her eyes lit up; her attraction to you was immediate and you have certainly expedited the process. She will be a regular guest in my bedroom in the future. The gift is a token of my appreciation. You are also welcome to join the two of us in bed tonight or borrow Gretchen any time you'd like."
Was I ready for that? I wasn't sure.
"I appreciate the gift, but it's not necessary. I enjoyed myself. Let Gretchen know that I'll be home tonight fingering my cunt tonight thinking of you two. But as for joining in, I not sure. Yet."
"Well, when you are you know the number of the store. Call me. And if you need some relief on the way home, I have some dildos you can borrow."
With that I smiled. Here was a girl after my own heart.
"Not necessary," I laughed, "I always pack some in the car."
* * * *
What I did not know was that Scottie had also been at the mall that evening picking out, with the help of Sally's friend Theresa, just the right clothes for our date. At the same time Sally and Lauren were in bed, recovering from several long hours of lesbian love. Sally's head lay on Lauren's shoulder. Lauren ran her fingers through her lover's short hair. They were reviewing my e-mails to Sally.
"It looks like our girl is ready," Sally observed. After kissing Lauren on the nose, she continued, 'I trust you've not been a bad therapist and disclosed these confidential communications to your son."
Lauren kissed Sally right back. "No, I haven't, but I was most encouraging when he told me he planned to seduce his pretty teacher. I may even have give given him a few suggestions."
Theresa and Scottie got to Sally's just about the time I was leaving the mall. They found Lauren kneeling between Sally's legs and eating her pussy. Theresa tore off her clothes and straddled Sally's head, lowering her cunt to her friend's mouth. Scottie kneeled behind his mother, fitted his cock to her twat, and fucked her doggie style. Thus they were occupied when I got home and sent Sally another e-mail:
"Just displayed myself in lingerie to two women sales clerks. Partly inspired by me they ended up making love on the floor. What a turn-on: I was part-exhibitionist, part-voyeur, and seriously considered an invitation to join them. Have a hot date tomorrow and plan on breaking a few more rules."