The Cotillion
Chapter 1
The biggest event of my young adult life was in a couple of days. This soiree was the most important step into adulthood for me. The cotillion was a little known party that attracted the best, the brightest, the most beautiful, the richest, and was a fantasy for me, and so many others for so long.
The cotillion was a semi-secret gathering at one of the richest and most influential family's mansion. It was an invite only and was a rite of passage if you were going to find yourself in that upper echelon of society.
The cotillion was just described as a gathering to be "Sexy and Sexual." No one gave much of an explanation of the details, but you could imagine and imagine I did. The cotillion was on my mind and dreams since I was 18. To be allowed to attend you had to be sponsored by someone influential. You had to be at least 21 for your first invitation.
So in three days, I would take my fine linen paper invitation and call a phone number for transportation to this event. I was so excited, I could barely think for the entire week before.
My name is Jami and I wanted to make an impressive splash into the Cotillion gathering.
I shopped for everything and raided my trust fund to pay for the finest and sexiest. I contacted my Aunt Helen and asked her to shop with me.
My Aunt Helen, although in her late 50's was not only a member of the Cotillion, but was also everything a woman could be. She was classy, sexy, well spoken, and well respected by everyone I knew.
Ten days before the Cotillion, Aunt Helen and I flew to Manhattan for the weekend. In that time we went to all of the finest dress shops, lingerie and shoes stores and had a wonderful weekend finding a few dresses and all of the accessory items to make a sexy and glamorous statement.
Aunt Helen would give advice and comments to every dress I tried on. "Not sexy enough, something finer for you, a bit slutty", and after many dresses and shops we found the first of three dresses.
Aunt Helen would comment about my figure, my complexion, my legs, my bottom, my bust line and so much more.
So you can shop along with me, I should describe myself. I am 5'8" tall. I weigh 124 pounds. I am athletic but very feminine. I have super toned legs, and an athletic but full bottom. My hair is strawberry blonde, eyes of green, lightly tanned skin tone and a B almost C cup. I have always eaten healthy and kept in shape by swimming, bicycling, Pilates, and playing tennis and other sports.
Aunt Helen said, "Your best features are my youthful smile, and great legs and that bottom."
So everything we tried on, the dress, shoes, and jewelry must highlight me as best they could.
The three dresses were very sexy, classy and shouted, "come and get me if you can!"
I could choose between the white, black and emerald green. The color was so important to Helen as it made my entrance so much more profound.
After much back and forth we picked the green dress. The dress was such that there was an open back clear to my lower back just above any panties I might wear.
The two-inch strap held the front of the dress barely on and was very low cut in the front. There was no way to wear a bra with this. The fabric was satin and very thin so my excitement would show, but Aunt Helen said, "If you are going to go, put yourself out there for all to dream."
The dress went to a few inches above the knee and was fitted and tailored to my figure as the other two dresses as well.
Shopping for lingerie was an experience in itself. Aunt Helen had a private room in the most upscale shop and fittings for me set up. I tried on bra after bra, and panties, and stockings, and pantyhose, garters, and corsets.
It was so exhausting but so sexy and exciting. For the green dress I found a number of dark green panties, in satin and lace. Some were so sheer that it was like having nothing on. Some were so tiny that I wondered how so little material could cost so much.
Some were thong style, some were lace trimmed, and all were the finest. I had lingerie to match and go with each of the three dresses.
Shoes came next, by the end my feet were screaming, but we had 8 pair of various size heels and a couple pair of flats that I just loved.
As we finished shopping and had the packages shipped to my address, we sat down to a nice quiet light dinner and wine. After the first glass, Aunt Helen asked me, "Do you think you are ready for this experience?"
I responded, "I don't know if I can ever feel totally ready, but I know that this is something I have wanted since it was first mentioned."
Aunt Helen, then said, "This will probably be the most intense and meaningful memory of your life thus far."
I got all tingly inside when she said that and her blue eyes almost pierced me when she look into mine.
I knew what she meant, and I was going to ask questions, but she stopped me and said, "If you get in over your head the automatic safe or stop word that everyone understands is cease." No one goes any further and judges. They just stop.
I was going to delve deeper, but she followed by saying, "The first time you need to just go in with an open mind, and further, you need to know what you want and what your limits will be."
I said, "I am not sure I even know my limits." Helen laughed and replied, "You will find out and you will know. My first time, was so intense, and so exciting, that the following day, I slept for 14 hours." She laughed and said, "I was so naughty."
With that we finished our dinner and wine and went to our rooms and prepared for our flight home.
With three days left, I went to my appointment to get waxed. What a pain. Literally, what a pain waxing had become. Once done, I was smooth and hairless below my eyes. I was rubbed raw and could not wait till tomorrow for my massage, skin treatments and many Pedi.
At bedtime that night I lay in my bed in my silken sheets and I was amazed at how smooth and sexy I felt. Naked under the sheets I began to fantasize and dream of what lay ahead.
My hands felt my skin and how my tummy and my chest and legs felt. I began to tingle and my nipples were getting so tingly. I sighed and let my mind and hands wander. I touched and tweaked my nipples, and let out a moan that only I could hear.
Then I began to rub circles on both nipples, which made me tingle and start to get moist between my legs. I think about two young studs watching me in anticipation.
The texture of the silk sheets and the reaction of my nipples makes we more and more exited and all the more wet. I slowly take my fingers down my stomach and to the increasing heat and wetness.
I gently trace the outer lips between my legs. I push my legs together to increase the tension between my thighs and slowly trace my outer lips and sometimes stray deeper.
Rubbing circles around my clit intensifies and I begin to wiggle my buns and torso while one hand is between my legs and one is circling my clit.
I feel wetter and wetter with each minute. Then t take my toys and gently circle and push slightly inside me. I know what I want and I find I want it now.
Slowly in push deeper and then in an out. My nipples are little rocks and so very hard. They send electricity up and down my legs and deep inside the need becomes stronger and stronger.
Deeper and longer strokes in and out. Then I click the little button at the base and wonderful vibrations begin. I pinch my left nipple firmly almost to where it hurts and then take the toy deep inside and squeeze internally.
And then it begins. Wave after wave of wonderful tremors start between my legs and radiates outward. I feel a fountain of wetness between my legs but I do not care.
This climax goes on forever or so it seems. I gather myself and turn the vibrations off. But I leave the toy deep inside. It feels wonderful to feel full.
I gather my breathing and start to decompress. After a time, I remove my toy from myself and place it on my nightstand.
I curl up into a fetal position and let the warmness take over and I fall asleep.
Chapter 2
With just two days left to the cotillion, I had my appointments set at my favorite spa.
I made appointments for a massage, facial, nails and a pedicure. What a day was planned for me.
I arrived after a very light breakfast and the concierge greeted me. She took me into a private room and gave me a freshly made Mimosa. I sipped this welcome beverage as she asked me, "Is there anything we can do to make your visit today wonderful?"
I replied, "I would like Lauren to do my nails, Ebony to take care of my facial, Greta to do my massage, and Lucian to do my pedicure, I believe I requested them when made the appointment."
"I will leave you to undress, a warmed robe is in the warmer near the locker, and anything you may want or need at any time, you just direct any staff and we will make it so."
I thanked her and sat a few minutes to finish my drink and then began to disrobe. The drink relaxed me, and then from my purse, I grabbed one half of a THC gummy and chewed it and the slipped on the robe.
Even though it was so cuddly warm in the robe and I was very relaxed, I began to get excited. This was a day to pamper me, but also to get ready to be on display for the biggest night of my life.
I walked down the hallway a few doors to Greta. Greta was waiting and gently told me to lay face down on the table and cover myself in the half blanket that was waiting. She said, "I will be back in a couple of minutes when you are ready. Please let me know if there is anything you may need and at anytime if the touch is too firm or you need a specific area worked more, just let me know."
I gave Greta a nice, "Thank You, I will." Greta left and I got a quick drink of water from the fountain nearby, then took the robe and left it on a chair at the far end of the room. I got on the table and pulled the half blanket over by bottom, adjusted my breasts, and then put my face into the oval at the head end of the massage table.
I was so relaxed as the gummy and the Mimosa began to take effect. I felt myself getting into a relaxed and warmest state. Then Greta returned. Greta said, "I am here to serve you and make sure that every muscle is stretched, massaged and pampered."
I said to Greta, "I am in your hands. Make it wonderful." Greta chuckled and then asked, "What scent or unscented lotion would you prefer." Since we had been had many massager sessions, Greta knew that I preferred unscented, but was compelled to ask.
I said, "the usual, please." Greta knew that I had tense lower back, upper thighs, and sometimes my neck as a bit touchy. Greta then said, "Jami, just let me know as we go on, as always this is interactive."
I sighed as she began by warming the lotion between her hands and slowly distributing the lotion to my feet and calves. With firm, but gently kneading and stroking she worked my feet, toes and calves. My feet are a bit touchy but Greta always knew when to apply the pressure or touch and soon those area we very relaxed and happy.
Next Greta moved the blanket until is was just over my bottom and began massaging the back of my knees and back of my thighs. I began to let go of all of the stress and tightness in those areas. But as she got close to my bottom, I felt somewhat aroused and shifted my weight under her hands.
I asked myself, how could you feel so relaxed yet aroused? I knew the gummy and drink was part of that, but the touch. Everything felt wonderful and I got really into the zone.
I could feel her hands running along my muscles of my legs and lower back and subconsciously moved to get more in contact with her hands. Great worked her hands up and down my back and bottom and I would moan in delight, as Greta knew my body.
After what seemed like an eternity, Greta covered by again and asked me to turn over.
I complied with her request. Greta would from time to time make idle chat and sometimes I could feel her body close to mine as she worked. At times near my shoulders and neck I could feel her breath and body close to me.
Greta positioned me so that I was comfortable and asked if I needed water, a new Mimosa, or anything. I could barely reply and I said, "No this is dreamy." Greta laughed and began again at my feet.
I responded to Greta's touch and she could have done anything to me at this point. As Greta moved up my thighs, I know I moved my legs apart slightly. I wanted her to touch me.
Then Greta began to use long strokes up and down my legs, coming very close to my pleasure zones. Quietly I purred as she made me relax and I could feel myself drifting.
All too soon, Greta moved on. I could hear her washing her hands and then began to work my scalp and neck. My follicles were dancing. She moved my neck to one side or the other.
Then she worked my shoulders and my chest. I know as she did so, my nipples rose to attention. Greta rubbed deeply but she also worked my chest into a frenzy. I squirmed and this was very evident.
Suddenly Greta said to me, "Is there anything more you might want to make today fantastic?" I merely said, "Touch me. Just touch me."
Greta then moved to my side, separated my legs a bit and asked, "Is it ok to remove that blanket completely?" I said, "yes" in a louder voice than I should.
Greta then began rubbing and massaging my nipples and my pussy. I got more and more aroused and then one finger then more inside. Finally with three fingers inside and upwards, she began massaging my G spot.
I was almost thrashing. Greta played me like a concert violinist. Then the earthquake inside and the fountains flowed. I began jerking and had spasms inside and out. I almost passed out as I was holding my breath. Greta said, "Breath Jami, just breath."
Then Greta covered me and said, "you can shower, clean up, and then your personal hot spa tube, is next door to your locker." She then let the room.
I lounged for quite some time. I was totally Jell-O at this point. But I found a way to get up, head to the shower room and shower. I made sure my hair didn't get wet as I wore a not at all cute shower cap.
The facial and nails were done at the same time and I felt almost like a new woman when Lucian came to do my pedicure. Lucian was a very muscular, handsome and very gay man. Since he was last, I was totally warm and relaxed, and he said, "Miss Jami, is there something special coming up soon?"
I replied, "Yes, there is a very big dance that I am going to attend and I want to be special." Lucian responded, "You know, if women were my thing, you would be tops on my list." Knowing that Lucian had no interest and meant no harm I just let him chatter and massage, clean, and paint my nails.
Both my finger and toenails were done in the planned color contrast to my eyes, dress, and hair. I chose a dark magenta almost maroon for both sets of nails. Once done and polished they shined and looked heavenly.
Lucian gave me a small bottle of nail color and said, "Just in case you have a chip. If you need me, I am on call for you. I hope your are the star of your dance."
Once completed, I went to my private locker room, I took a quick shower, got myself together and drove home.
I had no lingering effects from the gummy or the Mimosa so I got home and suddenly tired and being a big baby, I took a nap and got into comfy jammies and planned my quiet evening. I got to bed and slept on and off.
Chapter 3
One day left, and I got very nervous. I tried on all of my dresses. I looked at myself in the mirror and was not satisfied with any of them. I almost started to cry. So I called Aunt Helen.
Once on the phone, I said to Helen, "I am not happy with my dresses. I know I will look frumpy and not just so. I don't know what I will do." Helen said to me, "I will be right over and if we need to, I will call my designer to confer with us. He is the best. So get yourself ready to be fitted if need be. Panties only."
I said to Helen. "I am going for a run to drive some of this energy out. Please let yourself in. I got up put on my white sports bra, some cotton panties, a tank tee, yoga pants and my running shoes.
I left my house and it was just 60 degrees but sunny and I slowly jogged for 5 minutes, Stop and stretched and then there were the hills. I took ever hill as a challenge and ran as hard as I could up the hills, jogged at different tempos on the flats.
Listening to a radio station on my ear buds sort of set the tempo. After30 minutes I began home following the same pattern.
I came through the door only to see Helen and two others. Aunt Helen said, "My dear, you look like a lost puppy. Go shower dry your hair and come on down in just a robe.
I went upstairs and took a nice warm shower followed by a blast of the icy cold. My skin was taken over with goose bumps and my nipples were at attention. I looked in the mirror and just shook my head at my reflection and then went down the stairs.
Aunt Helen introduced ne to Gloria and Gordon. They were identical twins. I greeted them and Aunt Helen said, "Just sit down and we will talk and then the twins can work their magic.
Aunt Helen came back from the kitchen with coffee and sparkling water. I chose the water to help rehydrate.
Gloria started the talk by saying, "Please tell us why you are not happy with the dresses you brought home, and what is it you want from your dress, your look, and your experience."
Aunt Helen then chimed in saying, "Jami, these two know about the Cotillion, they have served so many others and they will be totally discrete. You and whatever happens will never be spoken of by anyone who is here/"
I took a minute to drink, rehydrate, and gather my thoughts. I thought to myself, "You want this, you have dreamed of this, open up and allow this to happen.
"Ok" I said. What I want is a dress that screams sexy and available, I was every man and woman who looks at me to think how badly they want me. I want to feel as though I am wearing nothing, but no so that it is over the top. I want to be able to look anyone in they eye and say, yes I am. But only if I want you and you can earn me."
Gordon then said, "So you want the power to choose from all who are there?" I giggled and said, "Yes I think I do."
Gloria looked at Gordon knowingly they said to me, "Please stand and put the robe aside." "Gordon will love you, but he will not really want you."
That confirmed what I thought I know. I wondered who was more feminine, Gloria or Gordon. So I let the robe come off and placed it on the sofa. Gordon took one look and giggled as he said, "Good smooth is great for what we want.
Gloria and Gordon then walked around me taking their time to look everywhere, and I mean everywhere. I was a bit intimidated, but also quite turned on. My nipples showed and I hoped like hell that I didn't become overtly stimulated.
Just them Gordon said, "Honey when we finish, you will be so beautiful and so sexy that any man who is not aroused can come and see me, and he laughed."
Gloria then went to one of her many cases, and came back with color patches. There must have been a thousand of them. Gloria said, "This masterpiece must only be painted in certain shades and values. Leave it to us three you will scream when you see our finished product.
Gloria further said, "Put your robe back on and maybe have a glass of wine or something to relax you. I have a very low dose Xanax if you like." I replied, "No thank you but maybe a half a gummy THC."
Gordon said, "Girl you can split that with me. I really work well when I am in that zone."
Gloria said, "Gordon, you just want to work well in the bottom zone don't you." Gordon gave a mock look of hurt and replies, "Gloria, just because you go top to bottom and both guys and girls there is no reason to joust with me."
With that Helen said, "Ok you two, get to work. I am not paying extra for the comedy show."
I went to the kitchen and poured four glasses of sparkling wine, chewed up a half gummy, left the other half and more on the serving platter and walked out.
The silk robe rubbed me and caressed my skin and I realized as I sat and sipped, that I realized I was so damn horny. Tomorrow night had better be a wonderful and fulfilling evening.
Gloria. Helen, and Gordon chatted while I sipped and let the gummy work its magic. Once again my mind wandered as I daydreamed about men kissing me all over and me pleasing a man in so many ways.
I came back when Helen said; I think we have the colors and the palates hat we want to work with and let start. Gloria began by taking my robe off and standing me in front of the bay window.
Gloria then took groups of colors swatches and had Gordon stand back while she put swatch after swatch against my shoulders, back, lower back and buns, my legs, my face, eyes, and hair.
Helen and Gordon either shook their head no or nodded when they thought it was right.
Gloria put the good stack on the coffee table in front of the sofa and this went on my nearly and hour.
After an hour, I said, I have to go to the restroom and I will be back." Gordon then said, "Make sure you let some of that tension go. If you need help, I would be glad to lend a hand."
I looked back over my shoulder and wondered just how gay Gordon was or if I could bring him over for a mini vacation. Once finished with my business, I let my hands go between my legs and played a little. Yes I was getting wet. I thought to myself, I feel so naughty and the party isn't until tomorrow. I broke away and went back to the room.
I looked at colors with the group and we had three choices. One I was shocked with. We had narrowed it down to black, of course, a shade of green somewhere between Emerald and Forest, and a vibrant purple.
I was concerned as I thought I never really tried purple. But I was willing to think about it.
Aunt Helen said, "These are all great looks, but it also depends on the style and fit of the dress. Gordon then said, "Ms. Helen leave it to me, you know my work and I will not disappoint. My pride is also at stake."
We all then took a break as it was close to lunch. Aunt Helen said, " I have a bite coming for us all. It should be here at any minute. We sipped the next glass of sparkling wine and then the doorbell rang.
Helen said to me, "I need you to let them in and sign for this. My treat." I was reluctant to go, wearing only a robe, but I tigered up and went to the door. Opening, there were two very attractive men, with boxed and containers and all of the real china and utensils.
Helen told them, "Just set things up and the table and I led them to the dining area with a bit of a naughty walk and let my shoulder come out of the robe as I bent down to pick up a fallen napkin.
I could feel the lasers of both sets of eyes, burning through the robe and undressing me with their thoughts. I so wanted to take them both upstairs. But then I heard Aunt Helen say, "Thank you boys. Jami will sign and I will show my gratitude for you both once we are finished."
Both men nodded and said to Helen, "Thank you Ms. Helen, we truly appreciate you."
As they left, I checked out their asses as they left. Muscular and more than enough to hold on to for a long ride. Turnabout is truly fair.
I was on a chair, making sure to tuck my robe underneath my bottom. I had finished my glass and went to the kitchen for more. I opened the third bottle to share. I went slowly so as not to get past the relaxed stage.
All of the time, Gordon, Gloria, and Helen were sketching and drawing and discussing gowns. After a time, the said to each other, "Yes one of these is exactly what we want."
I got up, and cinched the robe. Damn this robe was nearly nothing. I walked over and looked. They said, "Sit down and let us show you what we have for you."
I looked at all three and said, "These are all glorious, but I like the lines of this dress, the top of this dress, and the back or lack of back and bottom of this dress.
Gordon and Gloria looked at each other and said, "Hold on let us make exactly that gown you so like." Then they went to work and tore up designs and gave each other the hardest looks and then finally they said, "Yes, yes, yes, this is absolutely the finest dress we have ever designed.
I sat as they brought the sketch over and what I saw, took my breath away. I was nearly speechless. But I took another sip of wine, and I looked at the three of them. I merely said, "That is a dream come true. But are you sure about the color."
Gloria said, "Trust me, give me 90 or so minutes and I will create the finest gown on this or any other planet."
With that Gordon and Gloria got a tape, dropped my robe, and began to measure me up and down. Gloria, I think, was teasing me with the tape and her fingers. But I didn't care. I was so relaxed yet focused and excited.
Gloria spoke into a recorder and measurements, comments, fabrics, and assorted information went into the device.
Then Gordon opened a large case. Be began organizing small silky things. He grabbed samples and came to me. He showed them one by one and asked what I thought.
"Try them on and let us see. We can pick a few and then once the dress is fit, we can see which one highlights your amazing ass." I blushed a bit. But was past protesting.
I tried on five pair of panties. From a lovely and feminine purple pair with lace top and trim to a G-thong that was like nothing. Until the last pair of panties I was unsure. These are the ones. "If they work with the dress, then these are the ones I said.'
Both of them came close to me. Gordon untied the robe. I was past caring. I could feel Gloria's hands wrapping around me as she fit her body into mine from behind. Gordon ran his soft hands over my belly and then up and down my legs.
I know I shouldn't but it felt so good. They took me to the first floor bedroom. The covers were already pulled and the sheets and pillows were readied for something.
Gordon and Gloria lay me gently on the bed and Helen took a chair in the corner of the room sat and crossed her legs.
I felt kisses and hands all over by body. Gordon and Gloria moved and switched areas and I was on fire. More kisses and then lips on my leg and then upwards to my swollen outer lips. The tongue tease and licked my outer lips. I felt a kiss on my neck and hands rubbing my breasts and one teasing the upper part of my pussy as lips wandered all over my lets and pussy.
Then electricity ran up and down my legs and through my stomach to my shoulders and even my face and scalp were touched. I began to moan and naughty words came flowing.
"Fuck me with your tongue. Squeeze my nipples. I love the lips on my neck." The two of them played me like a concert pianist. I went up near the peak and then down to a plateau.
Even the plateau was wonderful. All of the sudden, I look over and see Aunt Helen has her panties near her feet and her skirt up hands rubbing her juicy pussy. This excited me more.
After an eternity, I could feel the focus on lips, tongues, fingers, heading me towards the peak. They knew what they were doing and I wanted to finish.
I looked over at Helen and she had her eyes closed and two or was it three fingers were buried inside and her had was back on the chair.
Just then, kisses up my neck to my ear. I could feel hot breath and hotter lips kissing and sending me higher. I could hear the soft voice saying to me, "Ok let yourself go. Just feel and enjoy, now cum for me and be the woman that you are.'
There was a tongue that was doing gently circles around my clit and then long rougher strokes up and down my pussy. "Harder" I yelled. I grabbed a head and pressed it hard against me.
A snake of a tongue and hot breath and hotter words whispered in my ear. I loudly pleaded, "Harder," on my pussy I nearly screamed. "Pinch and twist my nipples," I demanded.
Then all of a sudden, a pair of lips and a tongue invaded. I met that invasion with an attack of my tongue and lips.
Then, oh yes, then, an earthquake began inside me. The quake was fierce and lasting.
This seemed to go on and on and on. Every piece of energy I had was expelled.
Then I began to come down from the sexual explosion. I slowly breathed and began to let the tension go. I gave me the warmest feeling in my entire body.
I could feel the twins move away from the bed and leave the room. But the body of the lips I kissed was still there warming me from the side.
Then, I found that the kisser was my Aunt. I didn't know what to say or do. But I felt so good, that I cared less.
Helen gently said to me, "I know this will be great. The gown can be tried on tomorrow after coffee and a croissant you love. I will be there too to make sure everything is what you want."
With that Helen left the room, I imagined her picking up her panties and asking herself, wear them or no?" I wondered if she put them in her purse or put them on.
As Helen left the room she said, "I have to go take care of and tip the caterers. See you tomorrow."
I wondered just how she intended to tip the caterers?
Chapter 4
At 8:30 I awoke. I heard rusting in the kitchen and then voices in the living room.
I was refreshed and slept well but now I was a little apprehensive. I called out, "who is there?"
A few moments passed and Aunt Helen, peeked through the door. Quick rinse and the fitting and I did as I was told. 25 minutes later I cam to the kitchen and breakfast par and there was coffee and one of my favorites, Madeline's Croissants.
I got the cup and sipped and ate lightly the buttery bun of amazing. Aunt Helen said,
"You look well rested." I replied, "I am ready to take on the world today."
Helen just smiled and then took my hand and led me to the living room. There on an easel, was the drawing and the figure was me. Next to the foyer were two similar but different gowns. One was in purple and one was in green.
Both dresses looked amazing. Gordon came back into the room and had a handful of panties. Four were in various shades of purple, four in different greens, and one pair of black.
All of the panties were in the exact style I picked and in various colors. Aunt Helen then said, "People worked late last night to make everything you see fit for you wants and that will do nothing but accentuate you and all you wish to be."
I tried on the panties; I picked three depending on the dress. These were high cut panties of top notch silk and the finest lace and soft gusset. One was very dark purple. On was a lightly shiny green and then there was the black pair.
They drew every look to my crotch. "Come if you dare they said." I was in heaven. Gloria took the cover off of four dresses. She said, "I went out on a limb and made two more. I couldn't help myself."
I wore the purple for the fitting and final choice. They all looked grand. After trying them on, I took off the final dress. I put them all on hangers and looked at them in just my panties.
I walked around them and I was in a tizzy. I turned to Helen and Gloria and Gordon.
They said, "We know and you know."
"Yes, I want the black dress." It is classy and so very sexy. Gordon was applauding and smiling. "Yes, he said. Yes."
They made me put on the black dress again, and the Gloria and Gordon started chalking and marking and pulling and tightening. Once they had finished Aunt Helen said, "Ok take it off let them take the dress and make it ready for tonight. I have a few other things for you to make them match.
Helen, let me put on comfy clothes and then over coffee she said, I have a necklace and earrings for you. She opened a case and there was a spectacular amethyst and diamond necklace with matching earrings. I was floored.
Aunt Helen then said, "Amethyst is the gem for Saint Valentine and is said to be the most passionate stone. I wanted you to be perfect and I thought you would pick the purple dress but still they make the black dress sparkle too."
I said, "Oh shoot, I have to get to the hairdresser, I am late." Aunt Helen replied, "No worries, your hairdresser and makeup gal will be here soon to take care of you. Have a light lunch and then let them do their very best for you."
With a happy tear in my eye I said, "Aunt Helen, I can never thank you enough." Helen said to me, "I enjoy spoiling great family. I have to run; maybe I will see you tonight. But in any case, whatever happens will be of your choosing. Never forget that tonight no really means no and that stops whatever is going on. Make sure you prepare your body for whatever you may explore."
With that, she breezed out the door. I made myself a cup of coffee and added a little Baileys to the cup. As I sipped and let my mind wander, I thought to myself, "do I really want this? My reply was hell yes."
As I was finishing my coffee the bell rang. I looked at my watch and it was already 1:00.
I let Glenda my hairstylist and Dorothy my makeup artist in. I said to both, "I have to take a shower to get ready."
The girls replied, "Take your time, we can set up. I have to bring some things in."
Off to the shower I went. I washed, exfoliated, moisturized, shampooed, and conditioned, and got my big fluffy and warm cotton robe on. My hair was still wet as I went to the kitchen area to get my hair and makeup done.
Glenda asked, "What color dress and shoes will you wear? I pointed to the sketch of the dress and told them, "That is my choice."
Both of them gasped and quickly went to the drawing. "My, my, my", said Dorothy. "That is stunning and you will catch every eye in that dress," she added.
I said, "On the table is my necklace and earrings." Glenda replied, "Ok now we have a color palate to work from." With that Glenda got my in the chair she brought along and started to trim and dry and do a nice French braid on mart of my hair.
Dorothy waited until my hair was done, and she began my makeup. She took a great deal of time with my eyes. When I looked at the detail, I was amazed. One of the tones on my eyelids was a purple just the color of my necklace.
My lipstick was done in a pale lilac as to contrast my eyes and necklace. I felt like royalty when they were done.
'Oh shoot," I said. I forgot shoes.
Helen gave me the look and laughed. She then said, "I have some ready for your choosing." She glanced at Glenda and nodded. Glenda and Dorothy returned each carrying 6 boxes. There were 12 pairs of shoes all in my size. I looked at them and tried them all on.
My final choice was a pair of luxurious leather stiletto heels. They made my calves, legs, and ass look even better. Black with a sling back heels that made me look so tall.
I took my loot to my room and carefully dressed myself. I looked in the mirror and said to myself, "Hell yes I would love to take her home."
I went downstairs and I saw the look on everybody's face. I was quietly pleased and so were they.
It was time to go to the Cotillion.
I assembled my purse with a few things, makeup, body spray, small brush, lipstick, condoms, and a few tiny containers carrying Foria CBD lube and excitement products that Aunt Helen recommended.
I called the number for transport to the party and sipped a little glass of wine as everyone left.
Aunt Helen said as she was leaving, "I may see you tonight. Be safe and enjoy. Remember you are in charge and stop means immediate cease for any activity."
I nodded as Aunt Helen closed the door behind her. I luxuriated in the calmness of the wine, but my insides were all fluttering. Was this anticipation and excitement?
Chapter 5
Just then the doorbell rang and I went to answer. Standing at the door was a driver. "Oh my I said," under my breath.
The driver was a gorgeous total stud. He said, "My name is Nick. I am here to take you to the party. I will be your driver and I am assigned to you for the evening. Here is my card with my cell. You can put me on speed dial and I will be there shortly upon your call."
His voice was deep and warm. It made me feel safe but he was so sexy. His chestnut hair had a wave and his brown eyes were intoxicating. He filled out his starched white shirt with broad shoulders and muscular arms. His black trousers fit him perfectly. Not too tight but tight enough to show off his muscular legs and ass.
He asked, "Are you ready to leave and if so, let me escort you to the car."
I said to him, "Nick, I think I am ready. I don't know how long I will be at the party, but I will give you notice when I need a ride back." Nick replied, "Anything you wish. I am on call all evening."
With that we went to the car. Nick opened the door to the back seat of the sedan. I got in and I noticed him looking at my legs and stockings as I got in and he closed the door.
I knew he was getting a bit of a show and I knew he approved.
I sat quietly in the back for the 20-minute drive to the Cotillion. Upon arrival, Nick got out and came and opened the door. Once again, as I exited the car, I made sure Nick got an eyeful.
I felt so sexy and excited. He escorted me to the door and a lovely somewhat older woman wearing a dazzling ivory dress greeted me. She said, "Welcome to the Cotillion. My home is now your home for the evening. If you like, we shall dine in an hour, the refreshments are in the bar area and everyone in black jackets is here to serve you."
I entered and scanned the people. Most were dressed to kill and many were wearing very revealing outfits. The women all exuded confidence and gave off an aura of pure sexuality.
The men were of all ages. Many were older and not as fit as the younger men. Some were confident and totally in control and some were showing their nerves.
In my most sexy walk, I went to the bar area and ordered a chenin-blanc. I got my wine and turned out to view the crowd. It was then I realized how high the front slit in my dress rose. The lace tops of my hold up stockings showed.
But, I did nothing to change that. I wanted to be on display. I wanted to show how sexy and how available I was to the right people.
After a few minutes a tall dark-haired man about my age come to the bar and ordered a scotch. As he turned to me, he slid his hand from my crossed knee up my leg and felt my satin panties and felt me through them.
I tried not to show how turned on that made me feel, and I took his hand gently and returned it to my knee. I knew then and there that this was the sexy and sexual party.
He said to me. "My name is Mick and you felt wonderful. Maybe after dinner we can have a dance to two?" I looked him in the eyes and said, "Perhaps if you are lucky we can dance, but we shall see."
He laughed and returned to his friends at a table. They talked and looked me over. I could tell my nipples were erect and showing through the thin material of my gown.
I felt so alive. I felt so excited. I felt so sexy and sexual.
After a light dinner with a glass of wine, I excused myself and went to the ladies room. I went to the bathroom and once finished, I ran my finger through my damp slit. It felt so good, but I made myself stop. I didn't come here to take care of myself.
I pulled up my sheer panties, straightened my stockings, and adjusted my boobs and went to wash and brush my teeth. I finished and was brushing out my hair when I saw in the mirror two sexy women kissing each other.
I looked probably a moment too long. One of the women kissing looked at me and said, "Why don't you join us. More is better." I replied, "It's early yet. I want to dance."
As I left the bathroom, I felt a strong set of arms, pull me in and then he kissed me. He was strong and smelled so good. His lips were on fire and his tongue played me like a pianist.
I melted into his arms and my knees weakened. And then he was gone. "So this is how it goes?" I thought to myself.
I went and got another glass of wine and then saw a table with a mature couple. There was an empty place at the table and I asked, "May I sit here" They both said, "Of course join us."
We made some introductory chat. After a few minutes, the woman changed seats so I was in between them. As she sat down, her hand ran up my leg. From the other side, his hand was sliding as well.
I was feeling very relaxed due to the wine and then I felt fingers from both hands meeting at my panties. He and she began to rub and then probe inside. It felt divine.
Then two sets of lips began to nuzzle my neck. My neck is one of the most intense zones on my body. This went on until I began to moan and work back into their hands.
I couldn't believe this was happening in public. But then I remembered where I was. I knew this was what I knew could happen.
Then I shudder between my legs, and my head rolled back and waves of pleasure engulfed my body. After a minute or two, they both removed their hands from under my dress.
I smiled as they exchanged fingers and sucked them clean.
The couple wordlessly got their drinks and left the table. I regrouped. Just then a tall very striking black man asked me to dance. He took my hand and we walked to the dance floor.
When we got to the floor a number of couples were dancing. He took hand and put his around my waist and we danced to the slow music. He said to me, "I am Alec, pleased to meet you. I watched you with the other couple. That was so hot and I was on fire watching."
I said to Alec, "This is all very new to me, but yes it was so hot and so exciting." He pulled me closer and I could feel his body against mine.
He softly said into my ear, "I hope you can feel my excitement." His hands were on the bare of my back as we moved as one.
I could feel him as he swayed and danced. He was so hard and so hot. It felt like a burning ember on my pelvis and stomach. I said, "Yes I am excited too."
With that he kissed me. It was a gentle kiss at first and then the passion made it stronger and more intense. I had never kissed a black man before.
All of this was new to me. I lived in just that moment.
Consciously I moved so as to rub his bulge against me. He pressed into me and I could feel his hand on my back rubbing and exploring onto my ass.
He said to me, "You have and amazing ass." I looked him in the eyes and then I kissed him and moaned into his return kiss.
He brought his right hand down to my breasts and slid it under my top. He rubbed and gently twisted my nipple. I nearly fell to me knees.
The dance continued and finally the music stopped. I looked at him and said, "I want to dance some with others, but how about in a bit we end the night together?"
He just smiled and walked away.
I could feel the wetness seeping a bit down my legs and I went to the ladies room to clean and regroup. One of the women at the mirror said to me, "My, my, girl, he wanted you. I would have let him do anything he wanted."
I smiled and said, "Maybe later."
I did some hygiene and straighten myself and went out to dance. I fast and slow danced with so many different guys and some of the women.
The dancing was, at times, very naughty, with groping, kissing, and rubbing up against each other.
More than once I had my hand on some guy's cock teasing and almost bringing about climaxes on the dance floor.
As it got closer to midnight, I settled myself at a table with three really handsome studs.
It got really physical and I loved the attention. To have a man touch and tease you was a sexual dream come true.
I thought about some of the Foria products in my purse and I knew I would need and use them.
One was a suppository made with some CBD, THC, and coconut oil. I knew to get into the party you had to have all of the screenings for any STDs. I felt safe but I had condoms too.
I knew it was time to make my move and I decided that instead of choosing one, I would choose all three. I knew they would love to take me and take me.
Right before I went back to the table, I went into my own personal stall. I unwrapped two of the suppositories. One was made for vaginal insertion and one for anal.
I slid them both in and waited until the dissolved. I took some of the fragrant oil to awaken my senses. I rubbed some of the cream on my slit and inside.
I could feel the tingles intensify. I could feel the suppositories melt and prepare me.
On my return to the table, I stood in front of the men and bent over so they could see down the front of my dress.
In a very sensual and sultry voice I asked them, "Do any of you want to take me up to one of the room?" They looked at each other and in unison said, "Fuck Yah."
I said to them, "Well come on boys." They all got up and with one on either side and one right behind me we walked to the elevator.
Once inside, I was pressed face up to a corner and my arms put above my head as I leaned into the wall.
I could feel hands all over me and kisses on my neck and shoulders. Hands pulled up my gown and hands pulling my panties down. Then I felt a very nice stuff and hot throbbing cock at the entrance to my pussy.
I moaned as I felt hands on my clit, my nipples, kisses, on my neck and then he was in me. I let the feelings of the relaxing potions and the wine overwhelm me.
I could feel the thrusting in and out and senses all over my body. It took was to short of a time to get to my floor. The door opened and a man and a woman came onboard as we left. She had his cock in her hand as she pulled him in.
My boobs were out of my top and I had no panties on as we went down the hall. I got the key out of my purse and opened the door.
Once the door was closed, all three men slid off their jackets and got me on my knees. I knew what they wanted and I was happy to serve them.
One cock after another went into my mouth. I could smell the manly smell of their cocks and ball. I could taste the pre-cum. I was delirious with need.
I stood up after a few minutes and we all undressed. I lay my gown over a chair and led the boys to their reward.
Instead of saying, "Who's first?" I just lay on the bed and waited for them to decide.
They were all muscular and well hung. One was the black guy, named Alec. The other two, I didn't even know their names.
One guy straddled my face and fed me his cock. Alec pushed my legs above my head so my ass was exposed as he entered my pussy. The third guy got a lubed condom from the desk and put it on before he knocked on the door to my ass.
My anus was so lubed and relaxed due to the lube suppository that it only hurt a little as he entered. I felt so full as three got into a rhythm. For what seemed like an eternity they pushed in and out. I felt so many feelings.
But I knew this was a once in a lifetime experience. Alec started stroking in and out faster. The first explosion was in my mouth. I tried to get his manhood into my throat but was only able to get so far as he shot onto my mouth.
I swallowed as much as I could and I was reluctant to let him leave my mouth. The second climax came deep inside my ass. I could feel his length and girth, as he seemed to expand on climax. I felt like the ultimate slut and then.
Then Alec with his wonderful and large black cock, pushed deep into my as he moaned into my ear. At last he started to cum as I went over the edge with him. We exploded together in an almost violent but wonderful explosion.
I could feel his hot seed filling my insides. I looked into his eyes and I knew his pleasure matched mine. This climax seemed to last forever.
Alec lay on top of me. I felt so fucked. I felt so slutty. I felt like a woman who had been take and taken.
Alec kissed me as I held on tightly to his back. Gentle kisses and then he withdrew.
I lay there just living in the experience. But then one of the other guys spread my legs and began to lick and kiss me. He avoided my clit but made me want again. Finally with a long lick he stroked over my clit.
I knew right then that I needed more. I turned over on my knees with my face off to the side of the bed. I told Alec that I wanted to suck his cock. I demanded they that take me again, all three of them.
Alec came around to the side and I could smell and taste him and me on his cock. He was so big that I could hardly take half of him into my mouth.
I felt the other two men take their cocks and rub them up and down my soaked holes.
Then I stopped with Alec.
I told one of the guys to get on the bed on his back and I slid myself down on him. The I leaned over and took Alec back into my mouth. The third cock pressed against my ass and then he was in.
Again all three sensations were different but so intense. I began bouncing up and down on both cocks while Alec put his hands behind my head.
I couldn't help myself and every feeling was so intense. It seems like hot electricity coursed through my body. The guy in my ass held my shoulders to push even deeper. The guy under me rolled my nipples as I rode him.
And Alec had his hands in my hair and pulled my head and mouth to him.
I was doing my best to take him until he was at the back of my throat and so huge.
I could hear him say over and over, "Suck my cock. Take my cum in your mouth." The naughty words made everything hotter.
As all three of them had already cum, they had endurance as I started to cum. The sensations continued and I was oblivious to anything but my pleasure. This cum was a rolling series of intense spasms, lightening bolts, and I felt my pussy squirting and squirting.
Then one by one they came. I could feel them surge and pulse. Alec was last and with his cock head deep into my mouth and sliding into my throat he began.
He would not stop and more and more he came. I tried my best to deep throat and swallow. But I had to pull him out and he finished on my face.
I lay there with my head over the edge of the bed. One by one they went to the bathroom and I could hear water running and them washing.
Two of the men left and it was just Alec and I. He leaned over and kissed me. He said to me, "I want one more experience."
I said, "you what?" He replied, "I finished in your mouth and pussy. Now how about your ass for me before I leave?"
I rolled over on my back. I reached over and got one more of the CBD lube anal bullets and inserted it. It was slippery and soothing.
Alec smiled and leaned over and began to kiss my and use his mouth and lips to slowly take me further and further into an erotic state.
I looked up at his chiseled physique. I thought to myself, this is all man. But he was erotic and demanding yet gently at the same time. I fell deeper into his kisses and touch.
He was kissing and nibbling my neck. Tingles ran through my body and naughty thoughts raced through my mind.
Then he got off the bed and pulled my to the edge so that my legs were hanging over the edge. I felt him and he was hard, thick; and long and he was sliding it up and down my pussy.
I wondered how I got so excited and needy again. He slowly slid his dark cock into my pussy. I was soaking and accepting. I moaned and grabbed his back. This went on slowly forever it seemed.
I got close and closer to a climax. I was right at the edge and just then he gently bit my nipple and then sucked it as he pulled my ass and body into him.
I was helpless and surrendered to Alec. I moaned his name. Then I started to shiver and climax again. He pulled himself out of me and I yelled to him, "I want you inside me.
He then took my legs over his shoulders and started to press against my little rosebud of a hole. I could feel the pressure and I pushed back against him to get him in me.
As I was already lubed and relaxed he slid into me willingly. I gasped at the size, hardness, and thickness. He pushed in and with the angle of my legs over his shoulders and he just off of the bed, he pressed in so deeply.
My orgasm from being in my pussy still remained. He told me. "Look into my eyes, I want you to see my need. I want you to totally surrender and know."
I felt so full and could feel my ass open to his lust. I shook my head back and forth as he took my body for his needs. He slowly moved out and then back in deeper and deeper. I felt totally his to use.
My pussy and my ass were burning with desire. Then with my legs over his shoulders, I felt both thumbs on my clit. He began little circles while he stroked in and out. I yelled to him to fuck me harder and deeper.
With a little smirk he said, "that will be no problem."
With abandon he went faster and harder and deeper. I was on the razor's edge. Then it started. Shiver after shiver and my pussy and my ass started to convulse. My whole being was taken over by these feelings.
I don't know how he continued without cumming but he did. I never stopped climaxing and then he pressed deepest into me yet. He said, "Yes, yes, I am cumming." I grabbed his lower back and pulled him into me closer. I could feel the warm fluids running out of me and down my back.
I finally stopped shivering inside and the warmest after glow filled me. I had tears in my eyes. I can honestly say, I was totally spent. After a time with gentle kisses, Alec went into the bathroom and cleaned himself.
He came back with a warm washcloth and a soft towel. I barely could move. Alec asked, "Jami, are you ok." I replied. "Oh yes much better than ok." Alex got dressed and said to me, "Thank you, that was amazing."
With that Alec left the room and even with the afterglow, I nodded off. After about an hour, I struggled awake. I got out of the bed with quivering and I could barely walk. I laughed inside, as I knew.
I got my cell and his card and called my driver, Nick. He answered and I said, "Can you meet me in an hour. I will be in front." He said, "I will see you then."
I looked at myself in the mirror. My makeup was smudged and askew. My hair was a mess. I had tired eyes. So I quickly washed as best I could. I found my dress, shoes, and panties. I rinsed the panties out and used the hair dryer to dry them.
Once dressed, I looked at the clock and went to the elevator and then down to the entrance. Most of the people I saw were caught up in themselves and did not seem to notice.
The doorman however, gave me a knowing smile and a nod. He said, "Nick is coming up the drive. I hope you enjoyed yourself."
Nick arrived and got out of the car. He promptly got out and opened my door. I tried to get in with little fanfare but my gown was spotted and wrinkled.
Nick said nothing. As we were leaving the drive he said, "There is hot coffee in the console cup, water as well. If you need anything, please let me know." I replied with a faint mutter, "Thanks Nick.
After the twenty-minute drive, we pulled up to my house. I had nodded off and Nick woke me with a gentle nudge. He helped my out of the car and to the door.
The last thing I remember is him helping me to my room, before I woke up and smelled the coffee the next early afternoon. I was in my comfy jammies and was showered and clean. I gasped as I didn't remember how and what.
But that is the next chapter.