All characters in this story are 18 or over.
Very optional boring background stuff.
While my mum and dad were away I went to stay with my dad's sister and her daughter. I hadn't seen them for a couple of years during which my uncle had run off with a younger woman. The breakup far from leaving her looking down seemed to have revitalized her. She had taken to the gym and was looking years younger. My aunty had always been great fun and her daughter was like her mum. Over the previous two years Georgie (my cousin) had gone from a timid shy teenager to a confident young lady who welcomed me with a wicked smile.
I was caught red handed. My aunty had seen me spying on my younger cousin taking a shower. Doors weren't locked and often not even closed in the house. I had had the perfect view of the perfect figure of my gorgeous cousin who had appeared to not know I was there. If she had known she had made sure to put on quite a show.
My cousin heard the discovery and quickly closed the bathroom door. My aunty told me to report to the living room in half an hour to discuss my punishment. When I got there the two of them were sitting on the sofa and I was told to sit in the chair opposite. I was asked whether I denied the obvious and I said I didn't but I was sorry.
My aunty then asked me how I thought my cousin Georgie would feel about being spied on. I did think that she might have set up the whole thing as she had often teased me by giving me glimpses of her beautiful body. I decided that when in a hole it was best to stop digging. My reply was that she would be very embarrassed and upset. I was asked that given that what would I think a suitable punishment would be. This question threw me and I mumbled something about it involving me being embarrassed.
My aunty seemed to like this. She asked whether Georgie thought that her seeing me naked would make things fairer. Georgie seemed to like this idea and while I knew this would be very embarrassing it would not be the worst punishment. My thoughts were soon corrected when my aunty said that that was settled but the question of punishment now needed agreeing.
I went to protest but realized I was not in a strong position so kept quiet. I had always loved my aunty who had a wicked sense of humor and a great sense of fun. I loved being around her and was attracted to her wonderful figure. Why my uncle had ever left her I could not fathom. It was with a glint in her eye she said that she thought while I was naked a thorough spanking of my bottom might be a suitable punishment. Did I agree?
I wasn't sure what to say but there was a small part of me that was excited by the thought. It did not take me long to realize which small part of me it was. It was growing quite uncomfortably between my legs. I was stunned that as aunty went into the dining room Georgie smiled at me and opened her legs to reveal that she was not wearing anything under her short nighty. I only just managed to raise my eyes in time as aunty returned with a dining room chair that she placed in the middle of the room.
It was less my nudity that embarrassed me than my obvious excitement as indicated by my full on erection. I was made to stand still with my hands on my head once I was naked. Aunty commented to Georgie that my prick was a very decent specimen for someone of my age. The comment assumed that Georgie would not know by her own experience, which was in line with conversations I had had with Georgie about boyfriends.
I was made to turn round and display myself by my aunty who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself. When she eventually told me to lie across her lap I was surprised that she trapped one of my legs between hers and positioned me so I was looking almost behind her. This meant my prick was trapped firmly between our bodies. It also meant that given the position of the chair I was looking back at Georgie who was nearly behind her mum. I was ordered to not take my eyes off my cousin during the spanking. I think that was to make sure my humiliation was maximized.
Georgie gave a triumphant smile as she once again opened her legs. Her mother couldn't see her daughter or the display she was giving me. Not having been spanked before I did not know how painful it would be. My aunty did not seem set on hitting me as hard as she could. The first few stung but only seem to leave my bottom stinging rather than blistered. It was however having a profound effect on my prick.
I barely looked at Georgie's face but knew that the smile had only grown. She even stroked her bald pussy and growing clit every now and then, teasing me by showing me that her fingers were now wet. This was doing nothing to reduce the excitement that the spanking was causing me. They seemed to be playing with me as if they wanted me to suffer the embarrassment of losing control.
The next few spanks were harder and being laid on where my bottom was already tender really caused the area to burn. The heat radiated out and through my whole body. The squeezing and rubbing of my prick against my aunty was threatening to cause it to explode. I wasn't sure if it was pre-cum or sweat but something was lubricating the contact. I wasn't counting but the spanking went on for some time.
My body was becoming more and more desperate to orgasm but I knew it would be embarrassing and degrading. What left me completely defenseless was when I looked Georgie in the eye and realized that she was in the throws of a major orgasm herself. It was the most beautiful and arousing sight and I was very quickly pumping squirt after squirt onto my aunty.
It was hard to believe that my aunty was not aware of Georgie cumming but she certainly couldn't miss mine. She didn't act surprised but laughed at me saying she thought I might have shown some control. My memory was that Georgie was told that the display was over and sent to bed. Georgie looked disappointed at this but did not argue.
I expected to be sent to bed but instead my aunt told me that if I wanted to be a peeping tom I could watch her shower. This seemed more like an order than an offer but it sounded great either way. She led me still naked with a prick still dripping to her en-suite where she turned the shower on. I stood watching as she washed herself very thoroughly. As she started to wash me my prick became erect very quickly. The last thing she washed was my cock that was threatening to erupt again. My aunt simply said
"This time I would like to see you cum."
Still in the shower with the water running she used one hand to play with one of her huge nearly black nipples while using fingers of her other hand to play with her pussy and clit. She didn't have to tell me what she expected me to do.
"You obviously enjoy being a bit of a voyeur. Don't worry I have noticed that Georgie does enjoy being a bit of an exhibitionist. I am sure you would love to watch me spank her as I have noticed this never fails to excite her. I see the very thought of her being spanked has got you very worked up. If you can show me that you can delay cumming until I cum I am sure I can engineer spanking her in front of you."
The fantasy alone of seeing Georgie being spanked would normally have triggered my orgasm but watching my aunt masturbating made holding back virtually impossible. My aunt clearly loved watching my struggle and smiled broadly as she said,
"It's okay let it happen I am so close myself that seeing you cum will tip me over."
It was beautiful because it was actually my aunt who increased her rubbing and started to cum before I lost all control. I was amazed at how strong my second orgasm of the evening was and how quickly my aunt had cum. While we washed each other again she laughed as my prick became erect. As she dried me she knelt in front of me and gently kissed just the shiny head of my prick. She kissed me on the forehead as we parted.
My aunt had already worked out how to engineer spanking Georgie in front of me. If you wish me to write about it please comment and if there is enough interest I will do my best.