~~Amanda~~
Rays of light beaming in through the window bring me back to consciousness. Shit. This time of year it should still be dark out... Quickly I roll over and my eyes nearly pop out of my head when I see the time.
"Oh shit." I scurry out of bed and quickly pull on some khaki pants and a red shirt. I throw on my shoes and rush out the door and into my car.
I notice a surplus of messages from Eva and I call her, praying with each ring that she'll pick up, and on the third ring she does.
"Hey, where are you?" she asks, almost accusatory.
"I slept in!" I groan. "I'm on the way now, but I'm about thirty minutes out. How mad is Lindsey?" I ask nervously.
I hear her chuckle on the other side of the phone. "Tired were you?"
"Oh shush," I roll my eyes as I flick on my blinker. "Has Lindsey said anything to you?"
"Mhm," she hums. "Don't worry, I covered for you the best I could. At first I just said you were in the bathroom, but that was when you were only twenty minutes late."
"So she's mad now?"
Eva chuckles again. "You're cute when you're frantic."
I groan. "You can't even see me. And just tell me, is she angry?"
"No, no, she thinks you came in on time. I clocked in for you and everything. Right now I told her that you went out to grab lunch for everyone so I recommend grabbing some things."
I bang my head against the wheel when I reach a red light. "Ah, shit. Thank you, but lunch for everyone? What can I get that's quick and can serve everyone?"
"Pizza, dur."
"Pizza at a- you know what, whatever. I'm going to call that in right now, I'll see you after I get twenty freaking pizzas."
"My favorite's bacon, sausage, and pineapple," she sings. "Mwah, see you soon."
"That's fucking weird," I retort, eyebrows creasing. "I'm getting all cheese, everyone likes that. See you," I say, hitting the button to end the call.
Quickly I dial the pizza place that's close to my work and place the order for twenty pizzas, and ask for bacon, sausage, and pineapple on one of them.
~~*~~
I carry the stack of pizzas that towers up far past my head and carefully approach the front door. Luckily Ron notices me and opens the door.
"Ay, I was wondering when you were gonna get back here with the pizzas, I'm starving!"
I laugh and place them on the table of the main conference room. "Sorry, it took a bit longer than I thought. I also got some soda so I'll go grab that and I'll be right back."
I hurry off to the car and grab the four bottles of different sodas. When I come back to put them all on the counter, employees have already started crowding around it, filling up their plates with slices of pizza.
Lindsey comes up behind me and puts a hand on my shoulder. "There you are, Amanda. I've been looking for you all day," she chuckles. "We can talk about work after lunch, though. Thank you for getting pizza, you've always been on top of things and have such wonderful ideas."
"No problem," I say, back to her. "I always want to do my best here." My heart is pounding knowing the reasons I did it aren't really pure.
"Hi, Amanda!" I hear Eva shout from behind me. She walks up to me with a beautiful smile on her face. "I finished stapling together those papers you asked me to."
"Thank you," I answer, slightly confused but I don't let it show.
"Oh good," Lindsey says. "Looks like you're already on top of everything. That's what I wanted to ask you for, actually. I just need those on my desk by the end of the day."
I smile back at her. "I try my best. And I'll get those papers to you."
I shift my eyes back over to Eva, wondering how she even knew to do that. I wasn't even planning on doing that just yet. I walk over to the pizzas and open the box that I purposely placed on the bottom of the stack. Pulling it out I turn around to show it to Eva, and I watch as her face lights up when I open the box.
"You actually got it!" she exclaims gleefully.
"Yep, yep. I thought all cheese might be boring. Having one different pizza could be nice."
"Thank you," she smiles, grabbing a slice and biting into it.
"Glad you like it, even though that's vile... Anyway, I'm going to head back to the office now," I say, grabbing a slice of pizza and starting to walk off.
Eva grabs two more slices of her pizza and tosses them on her plate before quickly following behind me. I enter the office, with her quickly following behind and I see the freshly stapled papers stacked neatly on the coffee table. I quickly leaf through them as I walk over to my desk.
"How'd you know to do this?" I ask.
"I just know you so well I know what you want before you can even tell me," she smirks at me.
I raise an eyebrow at her, and without words say that we both know that's bullshit.
"Fine fine," she sighs. "After Linsey left earlier this morning I heard her talking about papers needing to be stapled and how the dates were changed." Eva shrugs. "I dunno, I just assumed it was those and so I did that."
I look down at the papers. "Yeah, I wasn't planning on doing that until Wednesday. Thank you, Eva," I say. "For covering me."
She grins, a glint of mischief lighting up in her eyes. "I think I deserve a reward, don't I?"
"You did," I yawn. "I got you that pizza."
Eva pouts then sticks out her tongue as she strides over to me. She places her palms on the desk on either side of me, caging me in. "For all I did, I think I deserve something more than that, don't you think?"
I swallow, and a slight grin tugs at the corners of my lips. "I suppose you do." I move my hands so that they make contact with her wrists where she's trapping me. "What would you like?"
"Fuck me against your desk," she whispers huskily.
"Going right for it, huh?" I chuckle. "As you wish," I whisper back. Gripping her wrists in my hands I quickly flip her around.
She shakes her head and looks back at me. "Other way, I want to be able to look at the door."
I stand and continue holding her wrists as I walk her around to the other side of the desk. Kicking my chair away I bend her over the desk. I lift her dress and start to pull down her underwear but she stops me by bucking her hips.
"No no. Undress me completely. You too."
I swallow. "That's risky, Eva."
"Isn't it all?" she chuckles. "Besides, it makes it all the more exciting. The more risk the better." I let go of her wrists and she turns herself over and grips the collar of my shirt. "Besides, the Target employee cosplay is kinda weird."
"Target wha-" I start, but after looking down at my outfit it clicks. Red shirt and khakis. I look exactly like a Target employee. "Yeah, okay. I was in a rush."
"It's fine," she sings, tugging up on the shirt and pulling it over my head. She crumples the shirt into a ball and tosses it to the floor. "All the more reason for you to take it off."
She unbuttons my pants and brings down the zipper before slowly sliding them down my hips. I kick them off and to the side when they reach my ankles, and as soon as they're off I bring down the straps of her dress to her shoulders. Slowly I slide the dress down her body until it falls to the floor.
Eva reaches behind her back and unclips her bra, perfect tits with perky nipples now fully on display. I stare in awe, heat filling my face as she pulls down on her underwear, now completely naked. When I first met her I would've thought it'd even be possible that she'd be completely naked and bent over my office desk. But lord am I glad.
"You too," she pushes, reaching her arms around my back and unclipping my bra. It falls to the floor and she plants a feather-light kiss on one of my nipples before running her fingers along the waistband of my underwear. It sends shivers down my spine as she does so, and she eventually pulls them all the way down and off. "Perfect," she whispers once we're both completely naked. She bends back over my desk and spreads her legs before looking back at me and smirking. "Now fuck me."
"Fuck," I groan. I reach my hands out and run them along her sides before gripping her waist.
I slowly start grinding myself against her. Moving up and down and pushing forward and back. It's almost mesmerizing. I watch as her tits move, how they press harder against the desk or bounce up according to how I move against her. I move my hands up and grip them, unable to restrain myself any longer. I want, I need her tits in my hands. To feel her soft skin in my palms.
I fondle her as I continue swaying my hips against her, feeling her grow slick against me. Lightly I squeeze and pinch her nipples, listening to her as she lets out a small gasp. I circle her nipples with my fingers before placing my fingers lightly over the buds, and she squeaks. The cutest little sound which seems to be the result of her failing to completely hold back a moan.
"You like when I play with your nipples, eh?" I ask, moving my hands to feel around the rest of her breasts. Feeling around the sides and in between the valley of her cleavage.
"Mmm," she hums lightly, heaving her chest further into my hands. "I do, very much."
I hum in approval at her honesty.
I rub against her in a way that makes her breath hitch and legs start to tremble a bit. Smirking at her shaking, I continue the same action, exactly as I had done the first time. Whilst doing so I pinch her nipples again, the intertwining actions causing her to shudder beneath me. Her small moans get a bit louder, and she has to grind her teeth together to muffle the sound as she approaches her climax. I feel as she starts bucking her hips back against me, trying to get some more contact against her swollen bud.
Meeting her request for more I press harder against her, continuing to rub her in a way that sends pleasure straight to where she needs it most. I can feel her throbbing against me. Her pulse causing mine to increase as well. My breathing becomes more labored as I start to approach as well, and with one more touch of her nipples we both come undone.
"Ah," Eva moans. It's definitely far louder than she probably should have, and my face goes beet red at the sound of a knock on the door.
I straighten up, my palms on the desk supporting me. Another knock on the door and my heart stops when I see the knob on the door start to turn. This is it. My breath hitches in my throat, but then relief floods my body when I notice the knob doesn't turn any further. Locked. Thank goodness.
"Hey, did something happen?" I hear Ron ask from the other side of the door.
"Get dressed," I whisper frantically to Eva, who's stretching her arms over her head, fully embracing being so close to being caught nude.
I quickly pull on my shirt and bra, not bothering to pull the straps over my shoulders. Quickly I rush my pants on and slip into my shoes as I hurry to the door.
"Yeah, yes, everything's all good," I say, putting my hand on the doorknob. I look back at Eva and see she's already thrown her dress on, and I open the door knowing that it's safe.
Ron peers into the office once the door is open. "Alright, I just thought I heard... something."
"Oh, yeah. We just had a small scare with something but no biggie," I say, waving him off. "Thanks for checking in, though."
"Yeah," he starts. "Anyway, Lindsey wants you to go pick some things up from location two. Just a couple of boxes, alright?"
"Yep, no problem," I say. "I'll head out right now."
Ron backs away from the door. "Alright, good. Thank you, Amanda."
"No problem," I say again, closing the door as he leaves. I look back at Eva and squint at her as I shake my head. "That was close, Eva. Way too close."
She shrugs her shoulders and grins mischievously at me. "Punish me then?"
I chuckle, my head falling back as I bring my hand to my forehead. "Oh, you think just cause we're here I won't?" I shake my head and grab her hand. "Let's go, we have to leave the office for a bit anyway."
Her cheeks flush the moment she realizes that the limits that being in the office put on me are now being taken away. "Oh my."
Briskly we exit the office and into my car. I waste no time pulling out of the parking lot and onto the road. I already know where I'll be taking us, and it doesn't take long before I see it. An abandoned shopping center. No one comes here anymore. Except for the occasional rule breaking teens, but they don't come until night for the most part, anyway. And it's on the way to the second location so I don't feel too bad about this little detour.
I hop out of my seat and Eva does the same, looking at me with a perplexed expression.
"What are we doing here?" she asks, quirking an eyebrow.
"Come here," I command, and Eva quickly complies as she hurries to my side. I open the side door and point inside. "Bend over."
She looks at me, her mouth a small 'o' but she doesn't say anything as she bends over. "Is this going where I think it is?" she asks, amusement with overshadowing the twinge of fear in her voice.
I answer her, not with words, but with a sudden and strong slap to her ass. She yelps at the contact but the smirk on her face as she looks back at me is all the fuel I need to quickly give her another whack. "Ah," she moans, sliding up against the seat with the hit. Quickly she moves her hands back and pulls her dress up to reveal her naked ass. It's so perfect, and nearly untouched.
My eyes widen. "No underwear?" I ask.
"I left them in the office."
My jaw drops. "You shouldn't, agh," I start talking, but it's no use now. Instead I burn my frustration with another slap to her ass. It rocks her forward and another moan comes from her mouth.
"That's way too reckless. Don't. Do. That," I reprimand, giving her ass another whack with each word.
"That pisses you off, eh?" she asks, looking at me. "If I knew that it would lead to this I'd do it more-" I break her sentence with another slap "-often."
I slap her again, her moans and the reddening of her ass fueling me further. I watch as she squeezes and releases her thighs. Watch as her back arches as she eagerly meets my every hit. Seeing how close she is to climaxing again I stop and spread her legs to prevent her from getting any friction to set herself off.
"Agh," she moans frustratedly as she bucks her hips upwards towards me. "Why'd you stop? What are you doing?" she asks.
I don't answer. I spread her reddened cheeks and insert two fingers into her pussy and my thumb in her ass, causing her to moan in turn. I pump them in deeper and deeper until my digits disappear inside her. She moans at the insertion and rocks her hips up and down.
"Play with your tits," I groan, slowly retracting my hand.
"Ah," she moans, lifting her torso and bringing her hands to her tits. I watch as she twists and teases her nipples, as she fondles her breasts in front of me, as I finger-fuck her perfect pussy and asshole.
"There we go," I say huskily, continuing to pump my fingers in and out, deeper and deeper.
Her mouth twists open, as her face presses hard against the leather seats of my car. She sucks in sharp breaths as she starts moaning helplessly, body starting to shake as she reaches her climax. I feel her clench around my fingers, and I ride her out, continuing to stimulate her through. When I deem that she's had enough I pull my hand out and turn her around, lightly pecking her lips.
"I like that," she says, eyes wide as she stares at me.
"I like that too," I admit, pecking her lips once more before I bring her back to the front seat. I rest my hand over hers as I drive us the rest of the way to our destination.