While preparing breakfast the next morning I heard my son's alarm go off. I went to his room and turned it off; I didn't expect he'd be spending many more nights there. I loaded up the breakfast tray and headed for the bedroom, where I started licking his balls and cock. I figured that beat an alarm clock.
"Good morning, Mom."
His happy smile showed that he had not spent the night wracked with guilt. Still, was he ready to accept his new role in my life?
"Good morning. I fixed breakfast."
After we ate he asked, "How are your mouth and throat?"
"The jaw is fine. My throat is sore, but closer to uncomfortable than painful."
"No more face fucking for a few days?"
"Son, I was serious last night. I want you to control my body and sexuality. I want you to use me however you desire."
"Yeah, I've been thinking about that, Mom. I'm a teenaged boy. I'm not sure if I'm in control of my hormones. I'm don't know whether I want responsibility for yours."
I won't deny that the sad look that flashed across my face was not, in part, manipulative.
He bit. "On the other hand, the fringe benefits have been pretty good so far. Let's say we try it and see how it feels."
"Fair enough."
I lovingly cleaned my son's body in the shower while he outlined a change in the morning routine. He would drive me and my Mercedes to school, which I would then drive to work. That afternoon he would catch a ride with a friend to swim practice and back home.
He told me to take out his cock as we backed down the driveway. I released the beautiful monster and stroked its length. I looked at the other drivers, oblivious to what we were doing. What they saw was an attractive mother dressed in an expensive conservative suit and her handsome son. What would they think if they knew I had his cock in my throat last night and in my hand right now?
When we turned into the street leading to his school, he interrupted my reverie. "I have this recurring fantasy about driving around campus while a beautiful woman sucks my cock."
The old me thought, "My god, what if someone sees us?" The itch between my legs signaled that the new me loved the idea.
I took the head of his penis in my mouth, focusing my attention on the shaft just beyond the crown. I licked hard on the underside while my lips slid back and forth around its girth. I released him and asked, "Is this another fantasy Katie declines to fulfil?"
"No, Katie loves doing it." His hand directed me back to his cock. He was uninterested in further conversation.
I grabbed the base of his manhood with one hand and cupped his balls with the other, rolling them carefully with my fingers. I brought my tongue to the base, licking slowly to and then over the head. I nibbled his tip before taking it into my mouth. I thought about taking him down my throat again, but the angle made this impossible. Instead, after his cock reached the back of my mouth, I pressed my lips against the tool and sucked hard while slowly, teasingly, pulling my head back up, tightly compressing my lips around him.
My son issued a contented, "Mmmmmmm...."
I repeated the process, loving the feeling of my son's hard cock in my mouth. I heard him lower the window. The car filled with the sound of the school yard. Despite a moment of panic, I continued sucking. Then I heard Jimmy, another member of the swim team, shout, "Nice wheels, where'd you get 'em." My mouth had reached the tip of his penis. He took my head in one of his hands and directed it back down his dick.
"It's my Mom's car. She's coming to pick it up later. Can I hitch a ride with you to practice and home tonight."
"Sure," was the reply.
"Thanks."
The car rumbled forward, I was reaching the top again when I heard a familiar voice.
"Hey stud."
It was Katie.
"Hey babe."
My first thought was horror, what if she comes over to the car and sees me? My mind and body, however, were on different pages. I felt the need between my legs intensify. What if she did come over? Would she be jealous? Maybe not, maybe she would offer to join us. I could take the kids home, cancel my appointments, and get a note excusing them from school from a doctor friend whose eyes always lingered a beat or two too long on my breasts. The three of us could fuck the day away.
I attacked my son's cock with new vigor, hoping he would come in my mouth while talking to his girlfriend.
It was not going to happen. My son said, "Meet me at the flagpole in ten minutes," and the car accelerated. As I listened to the gradually receding voices of his schoolmates, my head bounced up and down in my son's lap. My hand was stroking what was not in my mouth and my tongue loving what was. My boy matched his movements to mine.
"Oh fuck, yeah Mom. Unnhhhhhn... suck it."
The car came to a stop.
"Oh god, ohhh, I'm gonna come in your mouth, cumming, eat my cum Mom....."
He shot into my mouth.
Since he had deposited his load directly into my stomach the night before, I took the opportunity to savor this batch. It was salty, slightly sweet, sticky, and gooey. I let it flow around my mouth and tongue, then I gathered it against my lips and settled my tongue in it. How come I never noticed how great this stuff was? I was lost in the moment when my son spoke.
"Swallow and sit up."
I did and did.
I looked around. Through my lust soaked mind I could see that we were in the student parking lot. My son had pulled into the back of the lot into a spot, I later learned, was unofficially reserved for him. We were surrounded by other parked cars. No one was milling around. At his indication I opened the door and got out, walking to the driver's side. He got out and held the door open for me as I got behind the wheel. Leaning through the window he ordered me pull up my dress, exposing my panties. He slipped a finger inside me. It sent electric shocks through my body and confirmed I was soaking wet.
He looked at me, "Can you work like that?"
My level of arousal was so high that I found it hard to put together a sentence, "It, it, you know, it makes it hard to, hard to concentrate."
He opened the back door, grabbed his book pack, and pulled the towel from my gym bag. He told me to put it on the seat and sit on it. I complied.
What did he have in mind?
He reached into his book sack and pulled out a six inch flesh colored dildo. I knew what it was, of course, but I had never actually seen one. It took my addled brain a moment to take it in.
My son read the confusion on my face.
"Its Katie's, Mom. I was using it on her in my bedroom a few days back when you came home unexpectedly. She couldn't very well walk out the front door with it, so I hid it. I guess I'll have to tell her I forget to bring it to school again. Another thing, I never did clean it off so that's her dried cunt juice coating it. You don't mind, do you?"
I nodded no.
"Good, now lift your bottom and take off your panties."
After I did so he slid the dildo into me.
"Ahhhhhhhh...."
"You can't do anything to bring yourself off. I know you want to fuck yourself with it or work it with your cunt muscles, but you can do that only after you reach your office. If it slips out you can put it back in, but carefully. No cheating. There is one feature you are allowed to use." He flicked a switch attached to the dildo. It started vibrating.
"On god, oh god, arrrrr..."
He turned it off.
"I know it is hard, but pay careful attention. In five minutes you will leave the parking lot. Instead of taking a left hand turn and driving out the way you came in, make a right hand turn. It's a service road that leads back to the main road. Once you go around the first turn you will see an old shed and a flagpole. Drive by the flagpole at a steady speed and pay careful attention to what is going on there. Once you get around the next turn and can no longer see the flagpole you can stop. Do you understand?"
"Right hand turn, flagpole, don't stop. Got it."
"One last thing. Turn the dildo on as you leave the parking lot and keep it on until you get to the office. Drive like you are now: dress pulled up, panties down, dildo and pussy exposed. If the dildo slips out, push it back in, but carefully. Roll the window up once I leave. Do you understand?"
I shook my head yes.
I looked at the clock. Five minutes. I fought to relax, to suppress the sexual need burning inside me. I would make some progress and then, as I contemplated my situation – sitting in a high school parking lot, legs spread, pussy and dildo exposed – my libido would swell again. My hand would drift down to the dildo, but, as my son ordered, I would will it to stop before it did what my body so desperately wanted, drill myself hard with the plastic cock. I fought to recall his instructions. Had he forbidden me from playing with my breasts? I couldn't remember him saying that. I slipped my hands underneath my tailored blue pinstripe jacket and fondled my sweet tits. I knew I should be subtle, but it was hopeless. Soon I was fiercely squeezing my boobs and nipples. What if I got caught? How was I to drive when all I could think about was sex? But my self-protest was pointless, I was hopelessly enthralled to my lascivious needs.
Five minutes went by. I put my hands back on the wheel and slowly backed out. I fought hard to concentrate and ignore my cunt, which was screaming in need. As I drove through the parking lot I saw two cute boys get out of a car. They looked alike; they were twins. Imagine fucking twin teenage boys. I could fuck one in the back seat while the other drove us home. I could fuck the other in the garage. They could spend the day in my bedroom filing my holes with their twin semen. They could tell their friends what a hot fuck I was. I could have an endless supply of teen-age boys. Regretfully, I watched them walk by.
I crept forward to the parking lot entrance and waited for an attractive black couple to cross in front of me. He looked like a football player, over six feet tall and well-muscled. She was a cheerleader with deep ebony skin. Had he ever tried to talk her into a threesome? I was a therapist. I could be pretty convincing. I bet I could talk her into it. I doubted he, on the other hand, would need much coaxing. I could invite them in, drive home. I had never been with a black man before. He looked like he'd be a pretty good start. I bet her pussy tastes sweet.
I made the right hand turn and switched on the dildo. It was so good. I inhaled sharply and let out a long groan. A seeming river of juice flowed from my depraved cunt onto the towel. I tried to direct my attention to my driving. He said it wouldn't be far. I went around the curve. I saw the shed. The flagpole was on the far side. A bunch of guys and gals from the swim team were hanging out there. I loved the bodies on these kids. I wished I was back in high school. Do swim teams have groupies? I could be one, being passed from hard-bodied boy to hard-bodied girl, being fucked constantly.
I was approaching the flagpole. I had to drive by at a steady speed. I hit the cruise control and looked over. There was Katie and my son. He was facing the road; her back was to me. God, his tongue must be half way down her throat. His hand was inside her shirt attacking one of her fat tits. Her hand was on his cock. Was it inside his pants or outside? I couldn't tell. I was staring, trying to figure it out, when the movement of his head distracted me. He had stopped kissing her; he was looking right at me.
Shit, I was cumming. I made it around the curve and pulled over to the side of the road. I leaned against the steering wheel, my body shaking. As I started to catch my breath and return to reality, I heard a strange buzzing. My cunt's contractions had pushed the fake penis out; it was laying on my seat between my legs. Recalling my son's admonitions, I carefully slipped it back into me, fighting the urge to ream myself out. It felt so good. After collecting my thoughts, I started down the road.
I came twice more before reaching the office. Once, stopped by a truck at a traffic light, I remembered how I had selfishly deprived a truck driver of a view of me masturbating last Friday. I couldn't tell if this driver was watching, but if he was he got a good view as I spread my legs, fully displaying my naked pussy. By the time I got to the office I was ready to cum again and found a quiet spot in the back of the lot. Now free to fuck myself with the toy, I did so, bringing myself to another blinding orgasm. I put the vibrator, still sticky with my mucus, in the glove compartment.
I got out of my car on shaky legs. I picked up my purse and took out my phone, which had been pinging throughout my final orgasm.
There was a message from my son: "Did you enjoy the show? How many times did you come?"
I typed in: "Very much and four."
He replied: "You're a hot little number. Is the towel good and soaked?"
"Yes."
"Take it to the gym tonight. I want you to clean the equipment and wipe yourself down with a towel enthused with your own sex."
"Yes sir."
I unlocked my office. On the floor was the key and envelope I had left with Theresa the night before. On it Theresa had written, "Well? Call me."
I checked my clock. I had about thirty minutes to my first appointment and would need ten of those to clean myself up and prepare.
I called. Theresa answered, "Well? I want to hear everything."
"I don't have time for everything. I'll give you the twenty minute summary."
"Do you mind if I put you on speaker. My husband is at work and I have some company in bed."
She did and I heard Miles say, "Morning, Sally."
I started in. After ten minutes Theresa stopped asking questions. After fifteen minutes I heard slurping and the sounds of his low mewls.
"What are you two doing?"
I heard his voice, "I'm listening. Mom's multi-tasking, she's listening and sucking."
Theresa piped in. "You don't expect me to listen to a story that hot, share a bed with Miles, and sit still, do you?"
"I need you guys to stop. I'm having enough trouble focusing lately. The last thing I need to do is hear a blow job ten minutes before a session."
Theresa again. "We'll be good."
I finished my abbreviated recounting, fixed myself up, and had time to review the client's file before the day's first session.
The day flew by. My sexual longing was at least a bit more focused that it had been and my clients seemed infected by my happy mood. I spent two hard hours at the gym, leaving, per my boy's instructions, a bit of my flow on the equipment. I got home, prepared the ingredients for dinner, and bathed. I went to my full length mirror and studied myself. I applied perfume, sprinkling some between my breasts.
What to wear? I was feeling fit and trim and so I decided on something athletic. I put on a pair of tiny blue gym shorts and a white halter whose bottom was an elastic band that fit snugly and immediately below my breasts, accenting my flat stomach. I added a gold chain around my neck. I decided to stay barefoot. I stepped back. I was displaying some cleavage, but both breasts were covered although you could make out their round shape through the halter. My nipples – which were hardening as I studied myself in the mirror – were clearly outlined. I sprinkled a few drops of water on the halter. As expected, it clung to my beasts, the water rendering the fabric all but translucent. I kept my hair on the wild side. I looked at my face. My sexual hunger was evident. Would my son accept me like this?
I was in the kitchen finishing the chicken and white bean salad when I heard a car pull up and my son thanking Jimmy's mom for the ride. A former beauty queen, she had remained an attractive woman. Was Jimmy fucking her?
I had prepared a pitcher of ice water for my son, who was always dehydrated after swim practice. I walked to the door to greet him, sprinkling some of the water on my breasts. My nipples immediately sprang to attention and the halter adhered itself to my skin. I met him at the door.
"Welcome home."
My preparation was not in vain. He looked me up and down. "Looking good Mom." We exchanged a sweet kiss. I was ready to bag dinner and drag him to the bedroom, but he said before we could play he had to complete a school assignment. He had some work for me to do, mostly downloading and collating information he had identified earlier that day. He gave me the list.
I returned to the kitchen, put his dinner on a tray and brought it to his room. I went to my computer, located the requested data, and prepared it for him. While he worked I rubbed his neck and shoulders. After he finished his report he asked me to proof read it. I made a few suggestions, most of which he accepted. He then ordered me to my room. He still had a few things he needed to do.
He entered my bedroom about ten minutes later, wearing only boxer shorts. My reaction was made obvious by my sharp of intake of breath. He was the sexiest thing on god's earth. He lay me on my back and slipped the halter over my head. Then he began to make love to my breasts in a manner so slow and deliberate that I thought he was trying to memorize their every aspect.
At first he just held them in his hands, becoming acquainted with their size and shape, heft and firmness. He pressed his face into each breast and then into my cleavage, inhaling the perfume. He used his tongue to explore the pliant upper slope of each breast, slowly working his way to the nipples. There, instead of his tongue, he explored each with just his lips, trapping the nipples between his lips and rolling them back and forth. He would then pull back, dragging my nipples away from my chest before letting go and watching my tits jiggle as my nipples bounced back into place.
My breasts were aching with lust and I craved a full scale assault, but he desisted. Instead, he kissed each nipple and then started to cover both my breasts, top and bottom, front and sides, with kisses. He took an entire areola into his mouth and suckled gently. As he did so, he looked at me, our eyes locking. I smiled and stroked his sweet head.
"When you were a baby I used to love the feel of your mouth on my nipples. It turned me on. It made me feel a bit slutty, being aroused by my son's mouth, but I liked it. Sometimes I would fuck your Dad hard after you were done."
With my free hand I pushed my breasts deeper into his mouth. He turned his attention from my nipples to the bottom of my breasts, licking in long slow paths starting at their sensitive base and ending, with increasing force, at my nipples. I was emitting soft whimpering sounds and my hips were moving up and down, humping the air. He was much more relaxed, in a hurry to go nowhere. He was enjoying the unhurried unfettered access to my breasts, staying calm while whipping me into a sexual frenzy.
He slipped his hand inside my shorts and a finger into my pussy, lifted his head, and asked, "Who are your other lovers?"
It took me a second to realize he had asked me a question. Then I said, "Robert."
"Is sex with him the primary focus of your relationship, or secondary."
"Secondary, if that."
"And whom else."
I hesitated. Everything that had happened between Theresa, Miles, and I was
confidential: a rule central to my profession. I started to stumble over my own words. "Well, I, I'm not sure."
He interrupted me, placing a finger across my lips. "Quiet my pet."
He took the nipple of my left breast in his hand and, with incremental pressure, squeezed. I whimpered, then remembered I was supposed to be quiet, and stopped.
"Twenty-four hours ago you said you wanted to my ever obedient sex-toy. Now, you're already disobeying. What did I tell you on Monday would happen if you were bad again."
"I would be punished twice as hard."
"Correct."
A tone of panic entered my voice. "I can explain. I'll tell you everything you want to know."
"I know you will, but after your punishment. Naughty disobedient sluts need to be punished. Tell me what you are."
He took the nipple of my other breast in his hand. Again, he squeezed, slowly increasing the pressure, giving this one the same treatment he had the other. Instead of whimpering I answered his question over and over again, finding myself aroused by my own words.
"I am a naughty disobedient slut who needs to be punished. I am a naughty disobedient slut who needs to be punished. I am a naughty disobedient slut who needs to be punished. I am a naughty disobedient slut who needs to be punished."
While I didn't whine the pitiful pained tone of my voice let him know exactly how much it hurt.
"Now you squeeze, harder than I did."
He was right. I needed to learn to obey. I had led him on. In less than twenty-four hours I had broken my promise of sexual obedience. I needed to understand my new place. If I was going to give him control of my sexuality, I had to accept not only his cock in my cunt, but whatever other conditions he imposed. Was there a better example than inflicting pain on myself, pain I deserved, pain I earned? This was the cunt I wanted to be.
I grabbed each nipple, slowly increasing the pressure and pain. The urge to stop, to free my tits, was strong, but I continued. Tears were in my eyes, but I persisted until I exceeded the pain I felt when my son punished me.
I displayed by breasts to my son. The nipples were inflamed. After inspecting them with his eyes, he touched them. I winced in pain and something else
"What happened?" he asked.
"When you touched them it hurt, but I also felt a sudden explosion of desire," indicating with me eyes, "down there."
"Well maybe you can learn to be an obedient slut. Get up, go to the corner, and lean against the wall."
I did so.
"Now your spanking, each cheek, five times. Count with me."
He slapped me with an open hand. He randomly varied which cheek he hit so I could not anticipate where his next blow would land. The slaps were painful and stung, but would only leave me sore for a day or two. There would be no long-term pain or physical damage.
After I had twice counted to five, I felt some disappointment. Although my booty hurt, each slap had also sent a jolt to my cunt, raising my already precipitous level of excitement. I leaned back, hands still on the wall and bumped his erection. I imagined him throwing me on the bed and giving me the savage fucking I craved.
But he was not through. "Stay there. You can touch your breasts, but no other part of your body. I will return soon with your second punishment."
I looked at my breasts. I could see small bruises starting to form. I touched the bruises. They throbbed, as did the need in my cunt. I had been so naive. I thought I could simply declare myself my son's slut and join him in bed. I had to be shown what a depraved slut I could be: that anything could arouse my slut body, whether a sweet fuck, a spanking, deep throating my son in private, or displaying my bare cunt in public.
I looked at my injured tits. Mommy would kiss them and make them better. I kissed them, ever so gently. There was a tingle between my legs. "That felt good," I said to no one in particular. I carefully kissed and licked my sweet boobs, driving up the pressure between my legs.
"Ooooooh...."
The I heard my son's voice. I did not know how long he had been standing there. I felt like a child who needed to explain herself.
"Mommy was making her titties feel better."
He was holding something. It took a second to figure out what it was. It was the choke chain we had used on Magic, a labrador retriever that had passed away several years before. He waved me over and I approached him until my bruised boobies touched his chest. I knew what he wanted. I bowed my head so he could fit the choke chain around my neck. I dropped to all fours, feeling the spikes biting into me. I could feel the juice running down my legs.
He headed to the bathroom. I followed him on all fours, barking occasionally. The shower door was set in a metal frame. He opened the door, told me to stand up, and tied the handle of the chain to the top of the frame. He loosened the choke chain from around my neck, so that it no longer bit into my skin. He told me to lean against the shower frame.
I did so, but even leaning against the wall I was having trouble standing up. My legs were wobbly and I could think of little outside my own arousal. My sex felt like a bowl of Jell-O, any movement, however slight, left it jiggling, sending waves of need through my body. I looked at the mirror and saw the face of lust crazed woman wearing a dog chain. My sex was swollen and wet; my clitoris was peaking outside the folds of my labia. I barely recognized myself.
My son was smearing something in the crack of my ass. He stepped behind me, easily sliding his erection up and down the cleft of my butt. He must have used some kind of lubricant. Meanwhile, his hands assaulted my nipples, twisting and pulling them.
Words poured from my mouth: "Make me your slut, your whore, torture my body, make me hurt, it hurts so good, punish the filthy slut...."
He stepped back, bent me forward, pressed the heel of his hand hard on the area directly above my clit and then, in one long sudden hard motion, slammed his cock into my cunt with enough force to lift me from my feet.
And I came. Sweet mother of god, I came. Howling in joy, I came. I would have tumbled to the floor if he had not held me up.
For the next few minutes, shish-kebabed on his penis, I was able to stand only because his arms were wrapped around my body. Then, strength returning, I was able to stand on my own by again leaning on the shower frame. He pulled out of me and returned to the lubricant, applying it directly to my anus. His finger reached my sphincter. He was not gentle; he brushed aside its resistance with a forceful motion. I shuddered.
"It hurt, Mama?" he asked.
"Yes."
"Do you want me to stop?"
Was he asking me or testing me?
"No. Please no. I need to be punished. Please make Mommy hurt. Mommy's cunt likes it when her baby hurts her."
He pushed two, then three, fingers inside me. No one had ever been in there before. It was tight and the throbbing increased. I found myself both fearing and craving more pain and humiliation. I knew I couldn't be turned into the proper slut without it. I started to push back against his hand.
His fingers left my anus. I looked into the bathroom mirror and saw him applying lubricant to his tool. Again he bent me forward, fitted himself against my anus, and started forward. The pressure was not violent, but it was strong and steady and it ached. My sphincter, inevitably, gave way. He pushed all the way into me in a series of short deliberate motions.
I wailed, but held myself in place. I took short hard breaths to deal with the torment: a technique borrowed from my Lamaze training, classes I had taken to prepare myself for the day the man who was now entering my body had come out. My face was awash in sweat. I could feel my insides quivering as they squeezed down in a fruitless attempt to push the invader out. This is how a stuffed pig must feel. I had never had as much as a finger in my ass, now I had his long hard pole.
After he was fully inside, he held still, allowing time for my rectum to adjust. It still hurt, but I noticed my breathing approaching normal. He picked up on the same signal and started fucking my ass. His thrusts were long, steady, and deep. His hands held me in place. I looked in the mirror and saw the most erotic sight in the world, my gorgeous son and his long hard cock reaming out my ass. I kept staring at the two of us and my cunt reawakened; it's flow soon became copious. He no longer had to hold me in place, as I started to push hard against him when he pushed inside me. I could hear our bodies smacking together. Minutes went by as I started to lose myself in this otherworldly combination of pain and arousal.
"Take me... fuck my ass, fuck mommy's ass you magnificent stud, I love it. Mmm... yesss... YESSS... fuck... oh fuck... FUCK meee. Oh God, fuck my filthy slut ass! Can Mommy play with her cunt? Please let Mommy play with her horny cunt."
I looked in the mirror. He was also looking at us. He nodded his head yes. I buried a hand in my sex and under the influence of my now expert fingers, my labia swelled and my ruttish needs surged.
We soon reached a perfect rhythm. The room was filled by our moans, each lost in a haze of ever increasing sexual pleasure. I used my fingers to try to catch up with him. I wanted to come at the same time. I looked back in the mirror. There I was, a beautiful, accomplished, successful woman. A woman with advanced degrees, a woman with a sense of style, a leader in the community. Then my eyes wandered back to my son. His eyes were closed; his face contorted in raw, unbridled lust. I was not a beautiful, accomplished, successful woman to him. I was just an asshole pleasing his cock. The hours I spent in the gym perfecting my ass didn't even really matter. It was not important that the ass was good, it only mattered that there was an asshole. I was just an asshole pleasing his cock. An always available asshole.
I was the slut I wanted to be.
I could see he was almost there. I was on the cusp. When he exploded, when he dumped his seed into my virgin asshole, I knew I would also tumble over the edge.
"Oh fuck yessssss ... I'm cumming ... in your asshole ... nasty slutty Mommy, whore Mommy...."
His cock exploded and the feeling of his tool twitching inside me, the stream of cum filling my rectum, and his pleasure sent me spinning towards and then over the edge.
"Give my your cum..., ohhhhh...god yessssssssssssssssssssss.....," I screamed.
As he pulled out of me and staggered back, I fell forward. The choke chain bit into my neck. The quick unexpected pain unleashed a series of secondary orgasms. Pain and pleasure simultaneously racked my body, leaving me unable to regain my balance. I was desperately trying to struggle back to my feet, the chain both torturing and pleasuring me, when his strong hands wrapped around my waist and lifted me up. Tremors rolled through my body, which continued to shake and tremble, tears filled my eyes, my chest heaved and I gasped for breath; I could stand only by leaning on my son's chest.
"Was I the first one up there?" he asked.
My head planted against him, I nodded yes.
He took my head in his hands and pulled me to him. He kissed me. My mouth opened to let his tongue inside. We had to break the kiss several times as I was still struggling to breathe, but after each break he pulled me towards him. I mashed myself to him, my breasts squeezed between our bodies. I greeted his tongue with my own, caressing and fondling it.
His penis rested on my chest. A good mommy picks up after her boy, doesn't she.
I took it in my hand. "I'm afraid I've made this dirty. Time for Mommy to clean up."
I dropped to me knees and took his cock in my mouth. I gave it a thorough tongue bath, making sure to remove both the strong scent of my rectum and the scattered flecks of feces.
As I drew a bath and scrubbed my boy I started the story of Theresa and Miles, explaining my instinctive concern about confidentiality. When I was done I asked him to wait for me in bed. I turned on the shower and while it heated up, checked my backside in the mirror. It was rough and inflamed. A few drops of his semen were still dripping out. I showered, carefully cleaned my bottom and breasts, brushed and flossed my teeth, and ended with a thorough treatment with mouthwash. I joined him in bed. He had prepared two cups of hot tea. We drank the tea and then I completed the story. As I did he and I, with increasing intensity, caressed each other's bodies. By the time I was finished he was rock hard and I dripping wet. We looked at the clock. It was after 2:00 A.M.
He rolled me onto my back. Gesturing to my body he said, "So without Theresa, I would not have this?"
"I would like to think I would have come to my senses on my own, but I don't know."
"We're going to be tired tomorrow."
He swung between my legs and entered me. He was now as slow and languid as the ass fuck had been brutal and hard. My son tried an endless variety and combination of motions and speeds, closely monitoring my reactions. I was far greedier, simply absorbing the pleasure he delivered. It was as if I was floating on a country stream, relaxed and without a care in the world, living only for the sensations between my legs. I would come and he would stop for a minute or two, allow me to recover, and then start again. I made no effort to count my orgasms. Awash in sexual joy I lived only for what was happening in the moment. How my son, my lover, was able to postpone his own explosion for so long was and remains beyond me. Finally, spent and exhausted, I knew I could not be carried to the mountain top again.
I locked my legs around my son's hips and dug my fingers into his back. "Mommy's worn out, it's time for you."
He picked up the pace and within a minute I could see his body tense. He let a low grunt from deep within his solar plexus, a sound I would come to know well, jerked forward, and fired his seed within me. He lowered his spent body to my own and I wrapped my arms around him, both of us fighting for breath while my pussy weakly spasmed around his softening cock. We spent the next several minutes kissing, kisses of love and desire, kisses of affection and devotion. Finally he rolled off of me. I looked at the clock. It was 3:00 A.M. We didn't get a lot of sleep that night, but what we did was deep and peaceful.