A fictional story about a woman accidentally getting locked out of her new house absent of any clothes. I wrote this story to have eroticism, romance, and hopefully some humor as well. All characters are fictional and portrayed as over 18. Self-edited and proofed with software only, so a mistake or two is possible.
Comments on the storyline are always welcome!
________________________________
Lilly had just moved into her first place as a single female. She had always been a renter and was concerned that she was not building any equity. She just moved into her new home, and was looking forward to meeting some neighbors and making new friends, people just come and go in apartment life. It was tough for her to make the move on her own as a single female, she had no family living close enough to help her pick it out or even move. She had no current boyfriend either but was no prude as far as men went, but she did not date co-workers. That made her dating pool smaller, as she was not a party girl either. Her dad once told her, "Be careful of the kind of relationships you have with co-workers, it may go sour, and later they may end up being your boss."
She had been working all morning trying to organize her new place and felt like she needed a shower. That itself was a good move, as she felt so good to be clean after working trying to put some things away that the movers just sat down. Lilly heard a knock on the front door, then saw a delivery person leaving her porch. She wondered what could have come in a package? She checked and could see a large priority envelope outside her door. Looking back, what she did next was a dumb thing to do, but she was promised some paperwork, and a refund check for the rental deposit on her apartment she needed.
Lilly was wrapped in only a towel but was pretty sure she could reach out for the envelope and get back in the house in only seconds. She had not unpacked many clothes or had she found her terrycloth robe yet. So she wrapped a pretty long towel around her. Lilly had the towel fastened above her breasts and it felt secure enough to her. She just had to be careful how she stooped down when she went to get it, being careful not to let the towel fall.
Lilly looked out to the street, and no one was anywhere to be seen at that time of day. It was on, she opened the door and went for it. Her second foot had just cleared the door jamb when she heard the heavy door slam behind her. The slamming door had caught her towel, and she walked right out of it. She was then standing there stark naked on her front stoop.
This was a tough way to find out that when you have windows open in the back of the house, be careful when you open your front door. Even in only a light breeze, an opened door can blow shut as the air funnels through the house in a tremendous volume.
Standing there naked in a panic she tried to pull her towel out of the door. She realized that the good habit she had of always turning the lock on the knob she picked up from living in apartments by herself had bitten her. Lilly had no key to unlock the door, they were in the house. Yes, young Lilly was bare-ass naked, with her large breasts swinging as she was trying to dislodge the towel from the door for cover. It was not going well, and she felt a chill of panic go through her body. This event had a very good chance of being the most embarrassing moment in her life. Not knowing what to do, she looked to see if anyone was around, then tried pulling it one more time, but it would not budge.
She was standing there naked trying to hurry and come up with a plan of some type, as there was no one to call, or phone to call them with. Lilly's only thought was that if she could make it to the back of the house, she might have a chance of getting in through one of the open windows that caused the door to slam. It was about then she heard and saw the neighbor across the street's garage door opening. She had to think quickly before a person in, or out of their car left the garage, she had no cover. The only thing she had was some shrubs in the front of the house she could get behind, but she could not remember if they were on the sides too. She heard the car across the street start up, and had to act.
Lilly was not going to be caught naked, so out of pure instinct dove off the stoop, landing behind the shrubbery not knowing what she was going to land on. But at the same time was so happy to get cover that she did not feel the scratches she got from the bushes she landed in until the adrenaline rush that fear gave her left her. She could not see her whole body but could see her breasts were scratched-up a little. It was her thighs that bore the brunt of it, it hurt a little and she was bleeding some, but her pride was still intact. She was pretty sure the neighbor that was leaving their house did not see her.
Lilly had to do something, she could not stay there, and wondered if the windows that cause this to happen were going to be accessible to her. As a woman, she did not pay attention to how high they were. She knew they were open and hoped she could get the screen out of one of them. She first needed to get to the backyard, so she crawled down to the end of the shrubs to check out the side of the house to see what obstacle she had to conquer next.
It is funny how you can look at a house several times, and still not remember more about the landscaping. One thing she did remember was that the realtor had told her the neighboring house was occupied by only a male of her age. But she had no idea of what his status was, most of the houses were families. No cars were to be seen, the car that left the garage across from her was long gone. It was late in the afternoon around 3 pm she figured some people's work shifts would end about then, and they would be home soon. She decided to at least try to get to the back of the house. That might be her best bet to get in, if she could get there she might make it inside through a window. Knocking on one of the neighbor's door while nude, and asking for help was not an option for her at that point, and no one appeared to be home. This is never a good way to meet your neighbors anyway.
Lilly was back to checking out to see if the coast was clear, as there was no cover from the front to the back of the house. It did however look like some kind of vegetation was sticking out from the back corner, she hoped it would be enough for cover in the back of the house. When she was about ready to go for it she saw one of her other neighbors across the street come out and to the curb. It was a man, and he just stood there and seemed to be looking around, it made her wonder if someone got a glimpse of her, and called him as a neighbor might do.
Then, Lilly heard the sound of a school bus and envisioned the bus stopping and kids getting off, at least one had to be young enough to have a parent waiting. Being naked in front of anyone would be bad, but if it was a child, well it would be extra embarrassing. She was glad however that she was female, as it would be worse to have that extra appendage hanging down in front of her. But she still had to pull this off without being seen, so she stayed put.
Once her neighbor got his kindergartner into his house she started to think about making a run to the back. Lilly just could not believe the situation she was in on her first day, in her first house!
There was no cover on that side of the house, she would be exposed to several houses. She had no other choice though, so she took a chance and went for it. She probably broke a record for a 40' run, and it was both exciting and scary to her. Lilly could feel her heart beating rapidly, and looked down to see her nipples standing out on her bouncing breasts as she ran. She was then at least at the back of the house, but still exposed, and forced to jump in the bushes that were back there. To her chagrin, the same type of bushes were in the back too, the last owner had a thing for some type of red flowered bushes with briers.
Lilly had, even more, scratches after her naked run, and second dive in the bushes. She was concerned that this time her breasts might have taken even more scratches, but this time she held them against her, and took most of the damage to her forearms. She was able to work herself down to the open windows, but they were too high, on her toes she was barely over 5 feet. Lilly would have needed a ladder to get high enough to climb up to try to dislodge the screen, then attempt to crawl into the window.
Lilly had two more options as to what to try next, try the back door, or chance being seen trying to open the garage door that was visible from the road. She knew that she would be totally exposed with no cover in front of the garage door. She also had never opened an automatic door like that manually, if you even can from the outside. Even though the daring part gave her a chill that made her nipples hard, Lilly ruled out a frontal assault of the garage. Instead, she focused on the back door and windows, not knowing if that door was locked or not.
She took time to survey the whole yard and decided that what she liked about the yard was working against her. It is a big yard for this type of neighborhood, and there were few fences, just some low vegetation to define lot lines. This was now working against her as far as giving her any cover, she was exposed to anyone that might look or walk outside their homes.
It was time to try something and she took that chance, she needed to stretch anyway. Being crouched behind the shrubs was causing her some pain. Lilly took a thorough look at the other yards and homes and decided to go for it. She did have one thing going for her, she was a woman, a blond one. If someone called the police, she could try using her blond hair, piercing blue eyes, and tremendous cleavage on them, she had played the dumb blond before and gotten out of traffic tickets.
(Lilly was once facing a really expensive ticket once, she was stopped doing 20 mph over the limit. As she waited for the officer to come up to her she prepared herself. First, she unbuttoned her blouse enough to expose the killer boobs she was blessed with, then prepared her excuse as she went into her dumb blond mode. She had a really stupid excuse that she don't think he even listened to. The cop was too busy looking down her blouse to have even listened to it. After she responded in kind to his flirting attempt, he let her off with only a warning.)
Lilly decided it was time to do something, and she got out from the bushes and stood there looking down at her scratched-up breasts, and thighs. She was so into it, she completely forgot the fact she was so out in the open as she stretched and looked herself over. While she was standing in the open surveying her nude body, it became apparent to her that the neighbor man behind her, and one house over, was getting his mower out of his shed. Lilly was made aware of that when he started it up, and she looked over to see him looking her way. She knew he had seen her, she knew that by how quickly he looked away and focused on his mower when she returned the look. Lilly was petrified, this was the first confirmed showing off her nakedness to a neighbor, and the others were speculative. So she dove for cover again, but more carefully behind the bushes this time. But it was too late, the damage was done, and he was going to eventually tell someone.
Strangely, now, knowing she was seen, she was more concerned that she had not been able to all over tan in months. Her private areas were highlighted in this showing, meaning her breasts and pussy were white, and really stood out. Being naked was bad, but was she vain for wishing she at least had a decent tan? She had no cuts or deep scratches, but the damage to her dignity by showing her naked tan-less pussy and tits bothered her the most.
This whole nude thing was getting more than old and she was now desperate to end it. Once she calmed down she realized that the likelihood of him reporting her for nude gardening was rare. He certainly was not going to tell his wife, and men do not tend to gossip as much as us girls, his drinking, or golfing buddies will surely hear about it, but will they even believe it?
Lilly watched him through the bushes as he mowed, he was looking her way every time he had a chance. She kind of wished she would have had the courage to stand and wave him over, to see if he could help her. But she did not, and he did not know what she was doing or who she was, she didn't even remember ever hearing a story about a nude female burglar, only males.
She should have stood up, but with him looking away every time he thought she was looking back it would not likely have got his attention, she could have yelled, but even with the mower stopped he could have never heard her from that far anyway. Realizing how long she might be out there she definitely would have taken the minimized embarrassment of being seen by only one male as a way out. She could have covered herself a little with her hands. Why didn't she at least try to stand up and motion for him? From that distance he looked kind of cute, he had taken his shirt off about halfway through the job. He was a fit guy, maybe that was his way of flashing back at her. She had a feeling that she may have missed her best chance, and that she was now going to have to find another way out of the mess she was in.
Once Lilly heard a car start in that direction, she knew she had missed her chance to get help from him. She also figured that it was time to try something else. She again stood up and exposed herself to the neighborhood to check the back door. Lilly had given in to the fact that she was naked outside, and walked over and climbed the few steps on the deck/porch. This put her up higher and much more visible. She found out the back door was locked too, she even looked under the mat, in case the old owner left a key there in such an obvious place. But people do that, all she accomplished was to give any possible observers a better and longer look at her ass and tan less pussy when she was bent over. Again her habit of locking doors to keep herself safe in her city apartment had bitten her in the ass, her pale naked ass.
Lilly finally decided that she was naked in her yard at her new house, nothing she could do about it, so at that point, she just strutted out to the shed that way to check it out. She surrendered to the situation, and just quit trying to see if anyone was looking, what she didn't know would not embarrass her. She decided to visit the garden shed that she knew was full of junk that should have been hauled off, and that plan was not very fruitful. Lilly sorted through a pile of stuff, and she came up with one of those 5-gallon type pales that paint and other liquids come in. Her thought was she could use it to stand on and try the windows. The pail was only about two feet tall, making it not quite what she really needed.
So now Lilly was back to realizing that she was going to have to expose herself for even longer as she tried the back windows. With no other choice, she grabbed the bucket and went to the first one. When she tried to stand up and balance herself in her bare feet, she should have abandoned that idea. She was not very stable but figured she could hold on to the window sill. She was happy when she was able to dislodge a screen right away, but was having a hard time lifting the window sash any higher than it was. She thought she might have a chance of getting in, but her big boobs were not going to be her savior this time.
Lilly tried again and got the sash up high enough to get her head through. She figured if his head would fit, her breasts would too. But again she became aware she was naked and climbing in a window in her open backyard. Being nude was a fact she just had to get over again.
Lilly used all the strength she could muster to put her forearms on the sill, and try to lift herself in the window, she banged her head and figured she was going to have a lump there, but kept going. She just felt her breasts clear the opening when the sash slid down to her back. She was hanging on the widow sill with her naked ass and bald pussy the view anyone who might look her way would see.
Lilly tried hard to get in, but the bucket was gone and had nothing she could get her bare feet on. She tried to abort, but she soon found out her breasts were not going to be easy to get out in that direction. She knew if she did clear it with her breasts her head still would be tougher to fit through in that direction.
What a sight she could picture, her big girl ass sticking out the window for all her new neighbors to see on her very first day at her new house. She was very uncomfortable and it was now time to cry, and boy did she. When she ran out of tears she could start feeling the pain, but right about then she heard a man's voice. "Miss, Oh Miss, can I help you? I assume you are not breaking in, and I know the new owner was a stunning lady according to neighborhood gossip. What I can see of you fits that description."
Lilly's dignity was long gone, like being rescued from a house fire, being naked was not a big thing compared to the alternative. She was already losing some feeling in parts of her body. "Please help me, I am just so embarrassed, but also starting to go numb. I locked myself out as you might have assumed. It will be a funny story for me to tell someday I hope."
"First of all, my name is Del, I am your next-door neighbor. We need to get you out of there, so I will be back with what is needed just as quickly as I can. I need to get a couple of things so your dignity and physical body are not hurt any more than they already are.
Del was blown away by what he found when he came home from work. He has only seen her buttocks, but as a red-blooded man, could not help but look between them at her honey hole. He was both turned on and concerned at the same time, he knew she could not be comfortable.
He came back with a bedsheet, and carefully wrapped it around her. She felt like her night in shining armor just came to her rescue. When Del's hands delicately touched her naked body Lilly could not help but feel an instant closeness to him, and she had not yet even seen him.
Del had also brought a 3-step ladder that was handy and tall enough for the job. He needed it to help with her rescue. He figured the best plan was to lift the sash with one hand and use the other to steady her as he pulled her back out. He was not sure how he could do that with a naked woman face down, and avoid making contact somewhere sexual.
Del voiced that concern to her, and she said. "Don't worry, I gave up my dignity involuntarily when my towel got caught in the front door. I have been all around the exterior of my place now naked, so I don't care where you touch me, I just want out of this window. In fact, I don't care if you have to put your thumb in me down there and, pull me out like a bowling ball from its bag, just get me the hell out of here."
She managed to lighten the mood to the point that she was hurting herself even more as she shared a laugh with him.
Del did feel more comfortable with her after her comment and the laugh it brought. He also realized that he was not exaggerating when he gave her that warning. He was going to be making direct contact with her vagina. He was going to have to use one arm to reach up between her legs, and place his hand on her abdomen. This was going to be the only way he could think of to stabilize her, he needed to elevate her from the sill as he helped her back out. Despite her statement, he felt a need to be honest with her. So he added as a short disclaimer, "Well, just so you know, I really am going to have to make some contact in your sexual area, but promise I will try my best not to insert my thumb or fingers."
In all her pain and embarrassment the thought of this man's kind hands cradling her, and maybe in the process having his fingers penetrate her, gave her a rush of excitement during an otherwise horrible situation. She could not wait to actually see this man and thank him for his kindness.
Del proceeded to run his hand and arm under her as he said. His thumb did split the slit in her labia, but for not more than a second, and did not enter her. Once his hand reached her abdomen, he felt like he could then balance her long enough to lift the window further. It was then he realized that she was far from being turned off sexually in this situation, nor was he. The wetness he felt on his arm, and the feeling he had below proved it.
It was a good plan but, found out that he could only lift it partially until it stopped, and would not move. It was the same problem she had when she got into this mess. With the window up a little more, he now had a look at her big breasts dangling down. He knew it could be painful to try to pull her out without some support holding them up. He started to explain and she stopped him, "I get it, you have permission to feel me up, just get me out of here."
He reached down and went to cradle her breasts with his left arm, and found himself cupping her right breast as his forearm cradled her groin area. Then there was her bald pussy up against what he partially remembered from his anatomy class as his cubital something, aka inner elbow. It felt wet to him, and it didn't when he first encountered that area. Despite the innocence of the situation, they were both turned on.
Once Del had her in a secure hold, he started pulling her out. He was able to clear the sill with her breast, then told her to turn her head. She remembered that that was how she got it through in the first place and did.
Once her head had cleared, he was back so far on the short stepladder, he had to try to go down a step as he pulled her the rest of the way. Well, it worked, but he overstepped it. The next thing he knew was he was on his back, with a little of the wind knocked out of him. He also was in an unplanned or expected 69 with this naked damsel in distress. He had a moist vagina on his face, and her face was just short of his now very obvious bulge in his shorts.
It was obvious it was up to her to make the next move, and she pushed herself up using his thighs. He helped by reaching up for her tiny waist. It worked, but before he could get her in his hands, her pussy had been just plain been sitting on his face. She was now next to him on her back, without the sheet, and totally naked again. Yes, she lost the sheet just like she had lost the towel earlier in the day to get into this mess.
They both were turned on, and Lilly could not help but laugh, and then had to ask him the big question. "I am sorry, but I have to ask, was that your lips against my vagina?"
"Yes it was, and I did not guide it, or my lips there, but can't say I minded the contact. In fact, I have to be honest and say it was all I could do to keep from having an involuntary reaction with my tongue, I guess we would have to describe the situation as instantaneous intimacy."
She was on a high from being freed, and he was because he was able to help her. So as she turned herself around, they laughed again once they were turned toward each other. Del tried to come up with the next statement but was lost for words as he could not help but check out this knockout of a babe lying next to him. Finally, he looked into her blue eyes and said, "Well, I could use a corny line like, "Did we just fall for each other? But instead, I will say, Welcome to the neighborhood Lilly."
She was amazed as she looked at him that he was such a hunk, she hoped he was available or at the very least they could be friends. They both really did develop feelings in the very short time they knew each other. She said nothing but gave him a short but deep kiss. "Thank you for being my hero, but if you could do me another favor? I am naked again, Sheet Please!"
He got the sheet, wrapped her up in it, lifted her into his strong arms, and carried her into his place. It was logical as she still did not have her keys. He carried her right into his guest bedroom and laid her down.
"I can maybe get in one of the windows and fetch your keys, but first let's look you over and see if I can at least clean these scratches. He left and came back with some first aid items. He lifted the bottom of the sheet past her knees to her thighs being careful not to expose her. Then he addressed the small scratches on her legs with a cotton ball and alcohol. It did sting a little, but after having such a traumatic event, having a handsome man taking care of her was almost worth the trauma.
Next, he pulled down the top of the sheet to expose her chest to check out her breasts. He probably did not need to, but he just had to take that opportunity to take each breast in his hands as he looked it over really well. They were not scratched much, but she figured she would have some bruising in the morning. Once he was done he looked at her and said, "Well, I think you know what I have to do to check out the rest of you. Shall I?"
"I already gave up my dignity, and you have already seen it all, and even felt some of the most private areas. So there is no reason for me to hide any of me under the sheet. Just take it off."
Del was speechless, even more so than when he first dislodged her and saw her body. What he saw when he pulled off the sheet, was even hotter than what he saw briefly outside in the dim light of dusk. She was just plain beautiful from head to toe, and wanted to tell her that, but was afraid she would take it as a just plain come-on rather than a true statement of facts. He did hope that she was as turned on as he was, his cock had been stiff for so long it needed some attention.
Despite what she went through, she wanted her new hero as well, it was not like his hardon had not made contact with her on several occasions. Having just met, and under these strange circumstances, it was something that could not be spoken, at least not yet. She did decide on a move she could make not too forward, to let him know how she felt about him. As he leaned over her to check the adjoining area to her sex for scratches, she took that opportunity to unbutton his shirt. It brought a shocked look on his face, she went for it, and responded with, "Take this torn shirt off, so when you're done checking out me, I can check you out as well. If your shirt is torn, you might have scratches too."
She just wanted to see more of his body, and he did remove his shirt. She found out he had an upper body to match the rest of him. Lilly looked him over, using that as an excuse to run her hands all over the exposed part of his body. She looked him over and told him, "I don't see any scratches on you, but like me, we will probably both be bruised if from nothing else, from your landing in the yard, and/or me landing on top of you."
He needed no first aid, so she scooted up on the bed, and against the headboard still absent of the cover sheet. He put some pillows behind her back, and even though she liked being naked for him at this point she pulled the sheet over herself. She did, however, lift the sheet to just above her nipples, and made sure she was still featuring some major cleavage.
They really wanted each other, but again, they had barely met, and under strange circumstances. But he found a way to set things up to maybe take things further with her. "I don't have anything but Tylenol as far as painkillers, but I have a pretty well-stocked bar in case you want to go that route, and I am sure you are hungry as well. I think maybe a shot or two of Yeager might do the job as far as numbing any pain?"
She replied, "Well if it doesn't, we can make it three?"
He added, "If I get you one of my shirts and maybe a pair of my smallest workout shorts, are you up to moving into the living room?"
He retrieved the shorts and shirt, and she shed the sheet again and sat on the side of the bed as he helped her into them. She stood and was stable, so he took her hand to lead her to the sofa in the living room. They were barely out of the bedroom when she started laughing and stopped walking. He turned and looked and the too large of shorts he gave her were down around her ankles."
She said, "It's OK, I will just step out of them, like I said, you have seen it all, and once we have a couple of shots of Yeager, well, I will care even less."
He went to fetch the Yeager forgetting the snacks for the time being. The truth was they both had the same idea, they wanted each other's sex more than food. They just had to dance around verbally a little more until one of them got the nerve to make that last big move needed to get things started. He brought the bottle and a couple of large shot glasses, and they proceeded to down them.
Again, not knowing what to say, he asked if she needed anything else and if she was hungry.
With the courage, the drinks gave her she went for it. "I am hungry, but that can wait, but can you help me with the itch I have down there between my legs? Its origin is right about where your lips met my pussy's lips when we fell."
He was surprised that she actually said something that blatantly leading, it surprised her too that she actually said it out loud. It exceeded anything she ever said to even a boyfriend. He was the first to recover and said, "You're right, we have had enough torture done to our bodies, let's give them some pleasure."
With that, he moved her around on the sofa, lifted her legs as she unbuttoned the men's shirt, and let it fall open to display her wonderful breasts to him some more. Not even an hour before, she was naked outside her new home in a state of terror, now she was sprawled out about to get her pussy eaten by one hunk of a man."
She was in instantaneous ecstasy as he licked between the crack in her labia. It was dripping wet by then, and he loved the taste of her. He looked up at her breasts as he got serious, and started tongue fucking her as she reached down for her clit. He loved the fact that she was not afraid to direct him to the right area and then started using his fingers down below and his tongue above.
She responded with moans and other sounds of pleasure until she came and then it was, "My God, you're as good at that as you are at freeing naked ladies from windows, I am close to cumming already."
She soon did and was laying back recovering from an intense "O" as he kissed his way up to her breasts. Once he got far enough she reached down to undo his shorts. He had seen and sampled her treasurers, now it was time for her to see if what she has been feeling through his shorts, lived up to how it felt.
Del then took that cue, and rolled over to remove them, and expose his sex to her. She was not disappointed in the least, as his full erection protruding from the baldness of his groin was a spectacular sight to her. She was experiencing some of the same feelings as he did when he first saw her nude in the light of the bedroom. Even though she felt like she could not wait to feel Del's large erect penis fill her vagina. Lilly felt she owed him some oral pleasure and was happy to give it in return for the epic orgasm he gave her. So she focussed on his face as she held his thick shaft in her tiny hand, and explored every bit of his mushroom head before taking it in her mouth.
Lilly was starting to feel like all she went through just might have been worth it, as she felt his big strong hands on her breasts as she blew his hard member. Lilly could not remember the last time she actually enjoyed blowing a guy if ever. She always considered them a necessary act in order to get a good fuck and "O" in return. She cherished the pleasure he already gave her, and gave him the full treatment in return, he had earned it. She worked the big knob on his hard cock until she felt he was close to cumming she looked up at him and said, "I want to finish and taste the semen of such a kind and loving man. But if I do, will you promise you will fuck me thoroughly before you take me home? It has been a tough day, and I need this big cock of yours inside my pussy to help me get over the way this day started."
Del was every bit as into this lovemaking as she was and answered her. "I love the feel of your lips and tongue on my sensitive knob. There is no other sexual act a woman can selfishly perform on a man than to take what we usually have to extract ourselves, ejaculate in a Kleenex or rinse down a drain. So I do promise in return for this pleasure from you, to fuck you as hard and as long as you like, but only if you promise to stay the whole night with me. I just have to wake up to see your beautiful face and your drop-dead gorgeous body in the early morning light."
She answered that with action, she was back on his cock, and was soon cupping his balls as she swallowed his knob and shaft, over and over. She did it until he got his first "O" from her, and pumped rope after rope of his seed in her mouth. Lilly then laid back as she swallowed all of what to her at that moment was tasty, only because of whom it came from. She then wiped what was still running out the sides of her mouth with the back of her hand. He pulled her close and held her tightly not caring that he was about to taste his own seed. He kissed her deeply as he felt her wonderful breasts press against him. He was so taken by her that he barely lost his erection as they just sat, and stared into each other's eyes for a moment or two.
Lilly watched her new lovers Del's cute naked butt disappear as he walked into the other room to retrieve the bottle to pour them another shot. She watched this handsome man return still sporting his erection to pour one last shot for them. After they downed the last drink, he picked her up and carried her into his bedroom, and he fucked her as he promised.
They had their second wind and eating something could not have been further down their list of priorities. Fucking was all that was on their minds at that point. It was his turn to lay on his back and steady his cock with his fingers as she let his knob press against the dripping-wet lips of her pussy. It felt so good for her to finally have it inter her in her most private place. She loved looking into his eyes as she rode him until she was tired. Then they switched places and he took her missionary and gave her what at the time was the best fuck of her life. How it came to be, made it extra special for her, and such a total surprise for the both of them.
She woke up the next morning to see this perfect specimen of a man she had just slept with. He was standing there naked by the bed on his phone, he was calling off work so they could spend some more time getting to know each other. It was all just fine with her!
"What a strange, and trying day, but one with such a delightful ending!"