"This place is great!" I exclaimed. "It's perfect for us. We'd love to stay the weekend with you and have some fun. Can you show us around the property?"
Kathy nodded.
"We made a lot of trails, so it's not just solid woods. There's probably more than three miles of paths to walk or ride around on."
"Is there one that follows the perimeter?" Lauren inquired.
"Yes," Angie replied, "that's the first one we made, so we could check on everything. It goes out to the power lines and follows them and then turns back. It's about three quarters of a mile or so, but it's wide. We designed it as a fire break too, so we keep it mowed. It's all grass."
"We'll have to put shoes on." Kathy noted. "But that's all. The open trails are grass and the ones through the woods are cleaned up, but they're still a bit rough."
"Sounds great!" I burst out. "I'd love to go for a nude hike. I haven't done that since I was a teenager."
"Me too!" Lauren added. "I've never had the chance to walk nude in the woods at all. So far, I've always been nude in public; never out in nature."
"You'll love it." Kathy promised. "It may not be as exciting as being nude in public. I don't know, I've never had the chance to walk around without any clothes on, outside of this place."
"You'd like it." I said with a smile. "You feel so free, just like here, but EVERYONE is staring at you. It's hot!"
We all donned our sneakers, except for Lauren, who was getting used to walking around completely nude; no shoes at all. Her feet were toughening up, and she was eager to test her mettle against a lengthy walk. We followed Kathy and Angie, and after fifteen minutes or so the woods ended and we found ourselves at the high tension power lines that Angie had mentioned.
"The right of way centers over the property lines." Kathy explained. "When this line was put in, the owners got the pylons put directly over the corners for this property, so it's a real easy way to know the boundaries back here."
We walked out into the open and I gazed around.
"Is that a puddle?" I inquired, pointing to a spot a few hundred feet away between the towers. It seemed to be twenty five to thirty feet across.
"Yes." Kathy replied, as we started walking in that direction. "It's a low spot, and except for the hottest parts of the summer, it pretty much stays wet. Nothing grows in it and it gets really gooey sometimes. If we have a lot of rain, it can get a couple feet deep sometimes; almost deep enough to swim in it."
Lauren and I looked at each other and smiled, as we both had the same thought in mind.
"How gooey?" she inquired; her voice cracking slightly with excitement.
Kathy shrugged.
"I dunno." she responded. "We usually avoid it. This is all red clay here, so I imagine if it's damp all the time, it could be kinda deep, especially if there's water on top. It'd be pretty soupy, I reckon."
We reached the edge of the area, and the water appeared to be about six inches deep. How thick the mud below it was, was a question that intrigued me, as well as my wife.
"Let's find out!" Lauren blurted.
Before Kathy or Angie could react, she stepped into the water and waded out into the muck, sinking up to her shins. Lauren giggled and continued walking about, stepping up and down and making a mess. Gradually, the water flowed in and mixed with the red clay mud, making an orange, pudding-like mess. Lauren looked at me and smiled.
"Oh Sir..." she whispered. "It would be so fun."
"Go ahead." I coaxed, as I slipped my sneakers off. "I want to see you do it, and I know you want to do it. I want to do it too."
Lauren dropped to her knees and then slowly fell forward, until she was laying on her belly in the orange slop. She then rolled over on her back and rested for a second, before flailing around in the soupy mud, completely covering her nude body in the stuff, like a happy pig wallowing about in a sty.
"It feels wonderful!" she exclaimed. "It's so cool and slippery!"
She stood and faced me, and I stepped into the muck as well; joining my wife for a frolicking good time. Her body was completely caked in gooey, orange clay, and it dropped from her thin sausage-like tits in gooey clumps; falling to the muck with a splocking sound. I reached out and fondled her milky bratwursts, kneading them in my hands and tugging gently on them.
"Haven't you two ever rolled around in this stuff?" I called out to Kathy and Angie, as I let go of my wife's adorable tits and fell backwards into the mire. "It's so hot!"
"Come on in!" Lauren called out. "The water's fine. No sharks. Oh my god, it's so fucking fun!"
We both continued floundering around in the gooey muck; wrestling with one another and running our hands all over each others bodies. Kathy and Angie pulled their own sneakers off and reluctantly stepped into the mud hole along with us, sinking into the soupy mess.
"It's so squishy!" Angie gushed. "Oh Kathy, come on in!"
She tugged on her lover's arm and the two of them tumbled into the goo as well. Kathy seemed surprised for a second or so but before she could react, I was all over her; pushing her down into the squishy stuff and dumping mud all over her nude body and rubbing it in. She began crawling around on her hands and knees, and my hands found her enormous tits and squeezed them vigorously as they hung down into the orange mud.
"I'd love to fuck you doggy-style in here, Kit-Kat," I grunted, "but my cock's already coated in mud. I want to fuck those huge-ass titties of yours and squirt my load all over your muddy face."
"Do it!" she demanded, as I rolled her onto her back. "Cum all over me!"
She reached between her legs and began rubbing her clit furiously, as I straddled her chest and pushed her gigantic titties around my cock. I glanced over my shoulder and was pleased to see Lauren and Angie rolling around in the quagmire as well, squeezing each others boobs and rubbing one another as I fucked Kathy's titanic tits.
Lauren let out one of her now-familiar wails, and milk began erupting from her nipples, as Angie let them spray all over her face, washing some of the mud away. Both women fell backward into the pudding-like mud; Lauren thrashing around and squirting milk and cum as she writhed about in muddy ecstasy, while Angie lay on her back and masturbated furiously to the sight.
"Jesus fucking Christ!" I growled, as I continued sliding my dick between Kathy's muddy mammaries. "You're all so fucking hot! I want to fuck all of you... oh fuck, Kit-Kat, I'm gonna cum! Oh fuck, I wanna cum all over your face!"
Kathy tipped her head forward and opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out for extra surface area to catch my load. I groaned loudly and ejaculated harder than I had cum in quite some time, which was saying a lot. The first shot spurted directly into her open mouth and right down her throat. The second was off to one side and plastered her attractive face. The third was lost between her massive tits, and the fourth and fifth simply dribbled onto her neck.
Kathy grunted loudly and her body shook violently, as she came a few seconds later. Lauren was still shrieking ecstatically as milk and cum squirted from her nipples and cunt, and over all of it, Angie began wailing like a baying wolf howling at the full moon.
"I'm cumming!" she hollered. "Oh Lauren, you are so fucking beautiful!"
Like Kathy, she too grunted loudly for several seconds before falling silent. As if on cue, we all fell back into the gooey, muddy mess; catching our breaths and panting heavily. After five minutes or so, we all faded back into reality. One by one, we sat up and regained our senses, before finally standing and facing one another.
"That... was the most... fun I've... ever had!" I finally managed to blurt out.
I started giggling uncontrollably, and within a few seconds we were all laughing our asses off. The ramifications of what we had just done began to sink in, and we found ourselves in quite the predicament. We were all completely covered in gooey, red clay mud, and close to a thousand feet from the house.
"Me too!" Angie laughed.
Kathy nodded as well.
"I can't believe we never thought of this before." she lamented. "All these years and we never thought to fuck in the mud! And now we have to leave."
For the first time since we had met, she sounded like Angie.
"You two are welcome back here any time you want." I said kindly. "We'd love to have you. In the meantime, there's still a couple of weeks before you have to go. Why don't we help you pack up to leave, and you can help us move in. Then in the time that's left, we can do this again. Kathy, I want to fuck you so bad!"
Kathy smiled at me, as she did her best to wipe the orange muck from her body.
"I want that too." she replied.
"How are we going to get home?" Angie piped up. "We're all totally fucking nude and covered in mud. We can't put our shoes back on or we'll ruin them."
"That is a conundrum." I observed with a smile. "Sometimes, in the heat of the moment, you throw caution to the wind and do what feels right."
I looked around for a moment before continuing.
"Like this."
I reached out and squeezed her firm tits in my hands, and fondled them thoroughly.
"It's not that far back too the house. Let's start walking. If our feet start to get sore, Lauren can continue by herself and come back with a trash bag to put our clothes in and something for us to clean our feet with. I think we'll be okay though."
"Me too!" Lauren exclaimed. "Oh my, this is fun!"
She began darting around, and then headed for the mud hole once again.
"I've gotta go in there again!" she burst out, as she ran into the goo and flopped down in it.
She was clearly enjoying herself, as she rolled around in the sticky mess. Once again, she began masturbating and was soon sighing in bliss as she climaxed. No squirting nipples this time, just a good, old fashioned orgasm. Lauren crawled out of the mud and wiped as much as she could from her body, using her hands like squeegees to gather the clay and fling it down before stepping out.
"As long as it's warm weather, I'm coming out here every day to play in there!" she said exuberantly. "That is so much, fucking fun. Literally, fucking fun!"
"I like it too." I agreed. "I want to fuck somebody in there too."
The sun was strong, and the mud was already drying on our bodies as we wandered back toward the house. It wasn't too far, and since Kathy and Angie kept the fire break mowed, the grass was soft and cushiony to walk on. By the time we got back to the house, the mud was completely caked on and dry. Angie dragged the garden hose out and hooked it up, and one by one we got down on our hands and knees while everyone else sprayed and rubbed us down. It took close to half an hour, but we were finally clean enough to use the outdoor shower and finish the job.
"Now that was an adventure!" I exclaimed. "I haven't had that much fun in a long time."
"Me neither." Kathy agreed. "Why don't we grill out and turn the rest of the day into a pool party?"
"That sounds great!" I stated. "I saw the outdoor kitchen you guys have."
"We host parties once a month during the summer." Angie explained, as we approached it. "It's nothing for us to have fifty or sixty people here. We have a commercial sized gas grill and stove, along with a refrigerator and freezer and a wet bar."
I looked at Lauren.
"We may have to start hosting parties ourselves." I said with a grin.
"I think you'd like them." Kathy responded. "They're clothes and inhibition free."
"You guys are swingers?" Lauren inquired. "That does sound like fun, doesn't it, Sir?"
"It might just be." I replied.
I was definitely intrigued at the thought, and it would certainly make an interesting episode for the show. So would another romp in the mud hole. It was a shame it was the weekend and our film crew was off. I decided to give Corrie Snelling a call and see if we could address that situation, as things were beginning to get busier in our sex life.
"Why don't I run up to the store and get a nice London broil for the fire?" I suggested. "I'll need a copilot though, as I have no idea where the hell we are."
"Good plan, Sir." Lauren chimed in. "Buy a house and have no idea how to find it again."
"I'll go with you." Kathy offered. "There's a Food Queen in the center of town. They have good quality meats too."
"Sounds good." I replied. "Lauren and Angie can get to know each other better while we're gone. Would you like that, Ladies?"
"You bet!" Angie replied. "I can't wait to taste her milk again."
"It's delicious." I said with a smile. "You'll love it. You know, it's a shame you don't have a charcoal grill. Meat tastes so much better on a real fire."
"There's one in the shed." Kathy said. "We only got the big gas one for the parties. Now, we're used to it. I'd forgotten the old one was out there. Help me get it out?"
"Sure! We can pick up some charcoal and fluid while we're out, too."
Kathy looked at Lauren and Angie, who were obviously having trouble keeping their hands off of one another.
"Why don't you two get better acquainted?" she suggested. "We'll dig out the old grill and head over to the store. You'll have at least an hour to yourselves."
Angie nodded.
"Thank you, Kitty-Kat." she responded.
With that, she and my wife joined hands and darted for the back door.
"That'll keep 'em busy for a while." Kathy remarked. "Come on, let's drag that old grill out of the shed."
I followed her to the outbuilding that housed all of the equipment they used around the yard. I was surprised to see a pair of camouflaged ATVs parked in there as well. Kathy turned the lights on and pointed.
"There it is."
"What about these ATVs?" I inquired. "Are they for sale?"
"Yeah, I was going to put them up on Meigh's List," Kathy replied, "but since you're paying so much more for the house, I'll leave them for you if you'd like them."
"Sure would! That would be great!"
Kathy leaned over and grabbed the grill. Her huge tits swung down and wobbled underneath her chest as she dragged it over. My god! They had to be close to eighteen inches long!
"Here, let me help you." I offered.
I reached underneath her chest and cupped her enormous breasts in my hands and hoisted them up, feeling their full weight in my hands. At close to fifteen pounds apiece, it was quite a chore. They really were a two-handed job!
"There." I stated. "Is that better?"
"You smart ass!" Kathy laughed. "Grab the other side."
We dragged the grill out into the yard and inspected it. It was rather dusty but still in good shape.
"Looks good to me." I observed. "Let's get dressed and get some shopping done."
I carried the grill over to the patio and deposited it. Loud groans were already emanating from inside the house, and Kathy smiled.
"Sounds like they're having fun already." she said with a grin. "Let's go before I get in the mood myself."
We donned our clothes and headed for the supermarket. It was about seven miles away, and located in the center of the small town on the only crossroads. It was still small town America; not even a traffic light to interfere with its charm. We entered the store and headed for the meat department, perusing the beef section looking for a large cut of meat that would be suitable for our cookout.
"I don't really see anything I like." I said in a disappointed tone. "These are all too small or thin."
I peered in the window to the meat cutter and waved. He wiped his hands on his apron and came out to see what I wanted.
"What can I help you with?" he inquired with a friendly, small town smile.
"A London broil." I replied. "A nice big one about this thick."
I held my thumb and forefinger about two inches apart.
"I'll cut you one." he responded. "Grilling out?"
"You bet! Going for the charcoal next."
"I hear ya!"
He returned a few minutes later with a mouth watering cut of meat that looked so good, I wanted to eat it raw.
"Here you go." he said with a smile. "Enjoy!"
We picked up the charcoal and lighter fluid, and headed for the checkout.
"Hi Kathy!" the cashier greeted us. "Who's your handsome friend?"
"Hi Paula." Kathy responded. "This is Jack. He and his wife just bought our house. We didn't even have to put it on the market."
"Oh nice." Paula replied. "At least you got to meet the new owners. Where's Angie?"
"At the house with his wife."
My gaze drifted to the magazine rack where the current collection of supermarket tabloids were displayed, and I was shocked to see Lauren's picture on the front page of every one! I was also clearly visible in one of them as well. The pictures were all taken of us on the courthouse steps, and the headlines were all pretty similar:
"Woman Sentenced to Life Without Clothes," "Woman Must be Nude Whenever She's in Public" and my favorite; "Crazy Judge Sentences Woman to Public Nudity."
All featured a full-frontal of my adorable wife, with censor bars over her tits and cunt, but it was abundantly obvious that she was completely nude. And there, standing next to her on the cover of the National Sun Examiner, was my face as well. It was apparently taken before my interview, because I still had my clothes on.
"Kathy..." I said, tugging on her freckled arm, look at this."
Kathy turned to see what I was looking at, and her jaw dropped.
"Holy fucking shit, Jack! She's on the cover of every single one of them, and there you are, too!"
I grabbed multiple copies of each paper and dropped them onto the checkout belt. Paula looked at them, and then looked at me dumbfounded.
"That's you!" she exclaimed. "That's your wife?!"
"Uh, yeah..." I replied, not knowing where this was going.
"I thought you looked familiar!" she said with a huge smile.
"My husband and I are fans. We've seen your show a couple of times, and a bunch of the bootleg vids too. He'll never believe I met you! Can I get a selfie with you?"
"Of course." I replied. "We'd be nothing without our fans. So many people forget where they came from; charging for autographs and crap. Not me."
I stood next to Paula and she snapped a picture of us together.
"Next time I'm in here, I'll probably be with my wife." I said, as I went back to the shopping cart. "You can meet her too. She'll be wearing a pair of shoes and nothing more, so if you hear a big commotion one day, most likely, it'll be us."
"Will you be nude too?" Paula inquired casually.
"Maybe." I said with a smile. "I have the option. My wife does not. Why, would you like another selfie?"
Paula blushed noticeably and nodded.
"If I may."
"I'll see you soon." I responded. "It was nice meeting you, Paula."
Kathy and I got back in the car and I looked at her.
"Why don't you take your top off?" I suggested. "It's legal."
She smiled at me and did just that, casting it to the floorboards, along with her gigantic bra.
"Better?" she inquired.
"Much! Now, I have to try and drive back without running off the road from staring at them."
"You really like my big titties, don't you?" she asked. "I hate them. They're always getting in the way. I want to have them reduced, but Angie likes them too."
"If you do that, you'll ruin them." I opined. "A surgeon can never duplicate Mother Nature and they'll look fake."
"Point taken."
We arrived back at the house and unloaded the car. We could clearly hear squealing coming from the patio as we went around the garage. Lauren and Angie were engaged in a 69 position, and were obviously enjoying each other immensely.
"I'm cumming!" Lauren grunted.
"Me too!" Angie gasped. "Oh, it feels to good! Your tongue is incredible, Laurie!"
Kathy and I set our stuff on the outdoor counter and clapped loudly.
"Bravo!" I hollered. "Nice job, Ladies! That does it! Kathy, I'm fucking you right here and now. I can't take any more of this. Take off your jeans and jump in the pool with me."
Within seconds she and I were in the water, and for the first time I got to see her enormous breasts floating in the liquid weightlessness of the pool. They looked incredible, as they bobbed up and down with the gentle motion of the water. It was so sexy!
I placed my hands around her shoulders and slid my cock inside of her velvety cunt. It gripped me nicely, and I began to fuck her in earnest. Soon, we were both groaning in pleasure, and I could feel that wonderful sensation about to hit. I squirted my load inside of her and wailed like a child on Christmas morning.
"Oh Kathy!" I moaned. "Oh, Kit-Kat! I'm cumming, Kathy! Oh Kit-Kat!"
Spurt after spurt of my semen filled her cunt as I climaxed inside of her; staring at her huge, floating tits bobbing in the water. It was finally over, and I slid my cock out of her cunt.
"Oh my god, that was good!" I panted, as I waded back to the side of the pool and pulled myself up to sit on the edge.
Lauren knelt behind me and rubbed my shoulders.
"Was it worth the wait, Sir?" she inquired softly in my left ear.
"Oh yes!" I replied, with a huge smile. "I can't wait to see you and her together."
"We'll trade then." Lauren said gently. "You can finally fuck Angie too. She's wonderful too, Sir. Very submissive. She'll do whatever you tell her to do. She already said she wants to toss your salad. Would you like to feel her tongue in your ass?"
"Mmm, you know I would." I whispered, as I stood up. "Most especially while you're gumming my dick."
"We'll do that, I promise." Lauren replied. "Okay then! Who's ready for a nude cookout? I'm ready for the grillin' if everyone else is ready for the chillin'! I'm still horny, so I'll need some more thrillin' so I can do even more cunt spillin'!"
"And Lord willin', no one will need any penicillin." I finished. "Have you been drinking by any chance, or maybe a little pillin'?"