Is there any better feeling than finishing work early on a sunny midweek afternoon? Nope, there is not. You know, when you pack up your desk at twelve and look at all those sad little, envious faces watching you walk, well, skip, out between the rows of desks and head for the exit door and an afternoon of pure, undisturbed you-time. Well, I was about to find out.
I popped the roof down on my little old MX-5, slipped on my white Wayfarers and once my phone had linked, I headed out of the car park, ABBA blasting out, as the wind blew my long red hair in all directions. Freedom was finally mine.....
The kitchen door slammed shut behind me with the assistance of the light warm breeze, making me jump and then laugh out loud. I dropped my bag and coat on the nearest available worktop and slipping, then kicking off my heels, I headed through to the hallway and up the stairs to the bedroom, where, as I stripped, I flung my clothes like a moody teenager across the floor and bed.
The shower was to die for. It washed all over my warm skin taking away any thoughts of offices, sweaty old male colleagues, angry emails and petty squabbles over who had or hadn't washed their coffee cups. Stepping back from the powerful rush of hot water, I leaned back on the tiles, reached down, and worked up a good soft, bubbly lather around my pussy, she was in need of a shave. Oooh that felt good as I 'juddered' with the first feelings of pleasure, as a bubbly finger slipped from around, to between my lips, teasing my clitty. Then, taking the razor I carefully began to shave back to how I like it, smooth, soft and oh so lickable. As I shave my pussy every day or two, it didn't take long and so sliding my fingers across it, to check she was indeed all smooth, I returned to the shower, letting the hot cascade wash the bubbles away. I gasped loudly as I spread my lips to the water's force, my clit aching and begging for more attention.
As I towel-dried my hair and puffed out a breath that felt like it said 'all done now you can just relax girl', I smiled as I caught my reflection in the long mirror on the back of the bathroom door. 'Hmmm, not bad for a lady of nearly fifty.' I mused. My big heavy tits still stood quite proudly out as I cupped them in both hands, rolling my cold erect nipples between thumbs and forefingers, making them pucker up even more, sending a shiver through my body. My toned, long legs were in great shape too, though I say it myself. That spin-bike was doing wonders for them, I thought, as I turned them this way and that admiringly. Even my stomach was still small and flat enough to not cause 'muffin-tops' when I wore tight jeans. So, as I say, not bad at all girl...
I tripped through into the bedroom and finished roughly drying my hair before dropping the towel on the floor and reaching inside the wardrobe door to gather up my soft, snug bathrobe. Oh, it felt good on my cooling naked skin and as I wrapped its comforting fabric around me, a tingle of pleasure ran up my spin, making me smile...It was time!
The sun-lounge at the rear of the house was warm, not hot, just pleasantly warm as I plonked myself down on the small two-seat sofa and carefully placed my large glass of chilled white wine and my paperback on the coffee table, making sure it was all within lazy, easy reach, before shifting the numerous cushions around to ensure maximum comfort as I reclined back and into the warming rays of the afternoon sunshine that burst through the ceiling glass.
I popped the door from the sun-lounge out into the small shady back garden open and as I sipped my wine and read slowly through my latest rom-com paperback, the breeze fluttered in cooling my exposed feet and calves, like a gentle massage. Oh this was good, this was really, really good, but it was not perfect. No, at times like this I needed a little, well, you know, me time. Well in truth, a little, me, pleasure time. The sort of slow, lingering, fingering pleasure only a woman can give herself. Unless she's blessed with a very intimate female friend that is....just saying....
The wine was or is that had taken full effect now and I was slipping into a warm and relaxing oasis of pleasure as I fumbled loose the knot on my bathrobe and allowed it to slip open, exposing my naked body to the warm sun and cooling breeze. I guided, eyes closed, the wine glass back, with a gentle, 'clink' as it made reassuring contact with the glass table top, and then let the book fall to the floor. I was now ready and able to let my hands explore. The sunlight now dappled through the Beech trees in the garden cast dancing shadows on my thighs as they slipped and fell slightly wider apart, exposing my freshly shaved pussy to the breeze and my eager fingers.
Ooooh, this was good, this was proper good, I sighed loudly as I began a ritual that I had perfected over the years when masturbating alone. Firstly, I sucked the index finger of my right hand, leaving a good amount of warm saliva on it to make sure it was nicely, warm, wet and fully lubed up. Then softly and gently I parted my slightly swollen and now sensitive pussy lips with the index and next fingers of my left hand, exposing my inner lips and open pussy to the warmth of the afternoon sun.
I needn't have wet my finger, I smiled, as I was more than a little wet already, in truth I was sopping. It slid with subtle ease over and across my soft juice slicked folds, parting my lips as it made its way slowly up, around and onto my clit, where it pressed a little harder as it began to take me away, far, far away from reality.
I slipped my finger up and down over and over my clit, only deviating to slip inside my now oozing, sticky pussy to gather yet more slippery lube, which was warm to the touch as it smeared across my clit and held wide lips. My pace started slowly, as it always did but as it increased I let my fingers free from holding wide my pussy lips to caress my wide spread inner thighs and then up to grab at my soft shifting tits.
My breathing was changing now, getting deeper, shallower and more rapid as my thighs quivered and shuddered with each rub of my hard, bullet-like clitty. My bum, once still on the sofa now shifted, jerked, rocked and spasmed, lifting and falling as my nipple pinching and plucking became more aggressive and intense. I was getting there, and there would come soon and it would be both wet and loud. I always come loudly, whether fucking my Hubby, usingone of my many dildo's and toys, or as in this case, whilst finger masturbating in the sunshine, alone and spread wide.
Alone. Now, this would have been like any other afternoons finger fucking, but there was one rather obvious difference. I was not, or at least no longer, alone. There might not have been anyone else in the room, but I was not alone, far from it.
As my bum, now wet with warm sticky pussy-juice lifted allowing a soft warm trickle to moisten my puckered bum-hole I partially opened one eye as I gasped loudly, and I saw him!
The him in question, the him that I was now looking straight up and at, was a man, well more a boy. He couldn't have been more than eighteen, maybe twenty and so to a lady who's next Birthday would see her hit the big five-O, he was therefore a boy. He was stood, gripping the top rungs of a long and rather precarious looking ladder resting on my next-door neighbours gutters and he was as wide-eyed looking down at my naked writhing body through the glass of the sun-lounge roof, as I was looking back up at him!
Time stopped for a moment. His eyes locked onto mine and we both sort of froze before I did what I never thought I would do and instead of rushing to cover up, all red-faced and embarrassed, I smiled. He looked more baffled at my smile, than aroused by the naked masturbation going on below him and before I could smile again, he slid down his ladders, probably out of embarrassed shock, and was gone. I assumed he hadn't fallen, as I couldn't hear any cries for help, but I couldn't be absolutely sure, not at this moment anyhow. I allowed my fingers to release their grip on my big full boobs and slip from the warm soft wetness of my aching pussy and eased myself up to sit and listen. No, not a sound, he was gone.
Oh well, so he'd seen me naked and masturbating and had panicked and run away, his loss I smiled. I have to admit I was feeling more than a little naughty and rather pleased with myself that I still possibly had it, so I lay back and shuffled my shoulders into the cushions to get comfy again and soak the warmth of the sun on my body as once more. I slipped open my robe and began once more to stroke my thighs, tummy and up to flick, pinch and pull on my still erect nipples. This soon had the desired effect and once more my wet pussy was crying out for personal attention, which she soon received by way of two fingers dipping into her warm, wet folds and sticky wet hole. Oh, I needed this and maybe due to the stop start nature of this little session, or the thrill of showing myself to the young man, the sensations seemed to build faster and much, much more intense than usual.
My thighs twitched as my fingers slid up and down through the soft wet folds of my lips, passing either side of my hard little clitty nub. On each pass I gave her a little squeeze between my fingers and applied a little more pressure, making me gasp and lift my bottom involuntarily up with a twitch and shudder. I was getting there and it felt so good.
My breathes were now shorter, sharper and my movements more physical, rougher and more desperate as I grabbed and clawed at my big soft, wobbling tits, pulling at them roughly, pinching the nipples hard as my hand now, rubbed two then three fingers in-between my swollen, wide-spread lips, my toned thighs spread wide.
My legs were so wide now that my right foot had shifted from the sofa up and onto the little coffee table and the trickle of warm juice that had been running from my open pussy was now puddling under my bum as I worked myself into a familiar pre -orgasm frenzy of gasps and dirty talk.
"Fuck yeah, fuck, fuck that pussy, fuck it, fuck that wet pussy, oh God I want cock, cocks, big fucking cocks..." I huffed and hissed, knowing that the feelings would soon sweep over me and take me past the point of no return.
As I rhythmically worked my slippery wet, gaping wide pussy, I heard a 'bump' on the window and on opening my eyes stared straight into his, the man, the boy. He was no longer on his ladders, oh no, he was standing hard cock in hand, at the sun-lounge window and he was wanking in time with me, one hand wrapped, pumping around his cock, the other propping his rocking body up against the window-frame.
Oh God, he was fully erect and he was wanking over me! His big cock was so close to the glass I could have reached out and touched it, and God was I ever tempted to simply go for it. He was so young and so eager as he looked at my body, spread before him, never dropping his rhythm. I was experiencing some weird, never felt before feelings and I was loving them as they rushed through my head, making my pussy ache with need and desire. I felt wild, dirty and so turned on by his desire to wank with or was it for me, I can't explain it, but it was hot, very hot and I needed the feelings now building up inside me so badly as my sopping pussy 'squelched' her pleasure.
It was way too late to stop, and besides, I didn't want to, so instead I looked him in the eye and breathed out as his hand pumped once more down his veiny thick shaft, sliding his foreskin back to expose his purple, engorged mushroom head, already wet and oozing with dripping precome. Oh I was close, so very, very close. My mouth was open and dry, my pussy wide, wet and fully on show as he wanked his beautiful cock before me.
He shuffled on the spot transfixed, as I kicked my left leg up and over the back of the sofa to give him the best possible view I could of my wide open pussy and the fingers flashing in and out of my hot wet hole. This appeared to be what he needed and as my fingers frantically slid up and down, rubbing hard on my spread lips and aching clit, so his grip and movement became more urgent on his beautiful young cock, and he began to visibly 'huff' his breath in and out, his chest heaving, his entire body shaking with the effort.
I knew I was only seconds away now, and so, grasping at my tits with my free hand, all red with rough handling and swet, I shouted loudly at him.
"COME ON.... FUCKING WANK IT, WANK IT HARD, HARDER, FUCKING WANK FOR ME, WANK IT FOR ME, YES BABY, YES BABY, WANK IT FOR ME...WANK IT, WANK IT, WANK IT, BABY WANK IT!!"
He didn't need any more encouragement, his face red, he dropped one hand to grip and squeeze his large swinging balls, the other becoming a blur on his red swollen shaft and wide purple helmet. He bucked and shuddered, his face contorted and red, his eyes never leaving the view he was clearly enjoying.
"OH, OH FUCK, YES, YES, FUCK YES, FUCK, YES BABY, YES BABY, YES, SPUNK IT UP, SPUNK IT, SPUNK YOUR LOAD FOR ME, SPUNK IT...OH GOD SPUNK IT!" I screamed, as he jerked his hand down hard on that big red cock and his cum, spurted in one, two, three and finally four, long thick ropes to splashed and then slide in great white, sticky globs and rivulets down the glass, as unable to control it any longer, my own intense orgasm ripped through my body, jerking my thighs, bottom and back from the sofa as I gasped, twitched, shook and clenched on my fingers. I managed to rub my clit and wet lips for a few seconds more until I could bear it no longer, and head crashing back on the cushions, I cried out loudly....
"CHRIST FUCK, OH FUCK, OH FUCK... CHRIST....FUCK...fuck, fuck!" I gasped, almost sobbing, as my slicked, wet fingers finally slipped out from between my wide open, spasming lips and went directly to my mouth, where I sucked on them, tasting the sweet sticky juice.
He stood for a moment, his chest still heaving, visibly trembling from his climax, his cock hard in his shaking hand, his face still red. Then without a word or gesture I watched as he forced his still hard and dripping cock back into his jeans and turning away, he was gone, his spunk still trickling down the glass, leaving it smeared in the sunlight.
I lay for a moment looking up at the blue sky through the roof glass, shuddering and panting at the intensity of my orgasm and the thrill of performing for my hard spunking watcher, before I composed myself and managed to shuffle up to sit in the wet beneath my bottom, my wide parted pussy lips, still swollen, hot and sensitive.
I reached for my glass and gulped down a large mouthful of cold wine, before, still catching my breath I took a more ladylike sip, thinking about what I would have done had he been brave enough to come into the sun-lounge for a closer look or maybe even more. I smiled to myself as I took another sip, and pulled the robe over my thighs. I would have let him fuck me....