My wife and I are in our early fifties and have a rock solid marriage. We got married early, had kids and spent the next years raising them. We are now empty nesters and have recently decided to get a little more adventurous with our sex life and try new and exciting things that we have never done before. The caveat is that if one of us tries something, they have to tell the other. Nothing is off limits and while we haven't done a lot of this, whenever one of us has, it has made for the best sex when re-telling the story to the other one.
While we are in are early fifties, we both look much younger, especially my wife. She isn't real tall, only 5'7", but she is also only about 140 pounds. She has long and toned legs, a great ass, beautiful C cups breasts, a pretty face, a smile that could melt an ice berg and a personality that instantly makes you like her. She is the proverbial people pleaser and feels compelled to please and help everyone, no matter what.
We own a camp about thirty minutes from town. Not too far that we don't use it often, but far enough that we can decompress from the stress of the world. It is a loft style building on a lake in a bay that there is no other camp in sight. It is two stories tall, but only half of the upstairs is a bedroom. The other half is open to below where we have a living room and kitchen combined open space. The wall facing the lake is a big window on the top so we can see the lake from the loft upstairs. It has a covered porch on the side where there is a door, as well as a two tier deck on the lake side with another door. It has all the creature comforts of home, except for tv. We had already opened it up for the summer, but a recent storm had blown through and we needed to get out and check on it so we decided to head out on Wednesday and stay through the weekend. I was in a golf outing Thursday and Friday and driving in wasn't a problem.
When we arrived on Wednesday night, I noticed that the soffit on the back of the camp, the side away from the lake, which is where we park as that faces the road in, was damaged. It was two stories up and there was no way I was going to fix it. I knew most of the contractors were probably already booked up for the summer, but I felt it should get fixed sooner, rather than later, as I didn't want any critters getting in. I searched for a local roofing or siding company and found one that said they still had openings for this summer and would match any pricing. Perfect! I thought I'd call them in the morning on my way to the golf club as I needed to be there by 8am so I would be up early.
My wife was aware that I was getting up early and would be gone the whole day. That didn't bother her as she said, "I'll just lay out and catch some rays. It's early in the summer and I don't have any kind of a tan yet. Just don't wake me when you get up. I plan on sleeping in as it is so quiet out here."
I was up and gone by 7 and called that company as soon as they opened. They said that they actually had an opening for today and tomorrow and could get there by 10 today and be done by 5 tomorrow. He told me his price and I asked if he could wash the big picture window on the lake side for that price, to which he agreed. I told him that I would call him back with my credit card number in thirty minutes when I stopped driving and gave him directions. It was him, his brother and their cousin who would be taking care of this job.
I texted my wife to let her know that Raul would be coming out and that he did sounded Mexican when I talked to him. We don't have a whole lot of them in our neck of the woods so I thought she should know so she wouldn't be surprised. However, I knew she wouldn't be getting up until close to ten anyway, and hoped she looked at her phone before sunbathing, which at camp she likes to go nude, so she wouldn't be surprised. I asked her if she could put a note out on the porch where they could see it asking them if the could wash the window first.
As I arrived home after dinner, Julie was sitting on the front deck with just a towel on and drinking a wine. "How's it going babe? Drinking wine, on the deck, in a towel? I assume that means you had a fun day?"
"I sure did, let me tell you about it."
---------------------------------------------------------
I woke at about 9:45 and instead of checking my phone, I went downstairs and started the coffee pot. I decided to take a shower while it was brewing and stripped and started the water. I realized at this time that I hadn't checked my phone yet and it was driving me nuts. I shut the water off, wrapped a towel around me and went and found my phone. I saw the text, checked the time and realized that I had about ten minutes before they arrived. I didn't feel like getting dressed and then showering while they were here, so I wrote the message on a piece of paper grabbed a piece of tape and headed out on the porch. As I stepped out of the camp, one of the dogs must have jumped up on the door slamming it shut behind me. I thought nothing of it and went and put the note at the end of the porch near the parking area. When I went to get back in the camp, the door was locked. I must not have unlocked it when I came out. I didn't think to unlock it before walking out as I figured you had unlocked it when you left.
I realized that I was locked out wearing a very small towel and three strangers were coming shortly. I looked in the place where we usually hide a key and there wasn't one there. I remembered I used that key to get in last night as I didn't have one with me and forgot to put it back. I looked through the window and could see it still sitting on the kitchen table.
I could hear the work truck pulling in to the parking area and started to panic. "What the hell am I going to do now?" I am wearing a towel that barely covers me, like a hotel size towel, and I need to see if I can borrow one of their phones to call my husband to come here and unlock the door. Well, I have no other choice, I just need to make sure I keep this towel from opening when I walk."
I walked across the porch to the back side of the camp, making sure to not allow the towel to open and spoke to the workers. "Excuse me, do one of you have a cell phone I can borrow to call my husband? I locked myself out of the camp and need to call him to come and let me in."
Raul, the owner of the company, sized up the situation and realized exactly what had happened. "Sure. You can use mine, but it's hooked to the truck so I get better reception. You'll have to sit in the vehicle to use it. I don't allow my brother and cousin to bring theirs to the job site anymore as they spend too much time on them and it costs me money."
I hesitantly and carefully walked over to the truck, knowing full well that all three of them were watching and hoping for a glimpse of something. We need bigger towels, the ones we have barely cover anything.
"Here, hop up in the driver's seat. The microphone is positioned for me so it works better there. I'll start the truck up. Just close the door when you get in as it is getting hot out here and the a/c will keep you cool while you call him." He started the truck and offered to help me up as it was a tall truck.
Realizing that there was no way I could get up in the truck without spreading my legs, I decided that I needed to call you and this was a calculated risk. I was hoping he would be a gentleman about it. "Thanks," I said as I lifted my leg to get up in the truck completely exposing myself to him as I held his hand to steady me. It didn't work, as I got up in the truck the towel completely fell open. "Oops, sorry about that. I'm so embarrassed." I could barely even get it under my ass on his seat.
"Not to worry. I won't tell anyone. Go ahead and make your call and we will start setting up our gear."
"Oh, my husband wanted me to ask you if you could start with the big plate glass window on the lake side. That last storm blew a lot of stuff on it and we want to be sure to see the lake tonight, it's supposed to be a full moon and it comes up right over the lake."
"Sure. We'll just set up the scaffolding on that side first then."
I then called you, but you didn't answer right away, probably because you didn't recognize the number. I had to leave you a voicemail and hoped you listened to it and called back right away. Which, thank God, you did.
You responded, "No, I can't. I'm in a golf outing and we are on the course. Try looking at the windows. The one upstairs for the loft is usually open. You could have them climb in through that and unlock the doors. I'm sorry, but you knew I was going to be gone all day. We have 18 holes and then we have to stick around to find out what our tee time is for tomorrow. I won't be home until after dinner. Love you, bye."
I realized at this point that the a/c in the truck was on full blast and I was chilled and I could feel my nipples rubbing on the towel when I moved. I was really mad at you that you wouldn't come and help me, but Raul seemed nice and I thought he would get me in.
"Raul, he can't come and unlock the door, do you think you or one of your guys could get a ladder and climb up through the open window up there and unlock the door?"
"Oh, sorry Senora, we don't enter buildings under any circumstance. Our insurance doesn't cover that. However, we will be more than happy to put our ladder up so you can climb in through the window."
"I guess I don't have any other choice. I can't stand out here in this towel all day while you guys are working hard. I would feel really guilty doing that."
"Ok. Our ladder, however is on the bottom of the trailer and under all of the scaffolding. As soon as we get that all moved over to the front of the house, we will help you get in."
I went and sat on the front deck as they worked at getting the scaffolding out of their trailer. It was slow going as they could only do one piece at a time as there were only three of them. I was feeling real guilty just sitting there as they were starting to sweat because they were working so hard.
You know me, being the people pleaser that I am I couldn't just sit around and watch them work, so I offered up my help. "Is there anything I can do to help you guys? I feel so guilty just sitting here waiting and watching."
"Well, the big pieces are pretty heavy, but the cross supports are just single pieces of tubing and they all need to be moved to the front deck as well. You could probably carry those one at a time and that would be a big help. That will allow me to start assembling the big pieces as they bring them to me." He then pointed to a stack of single poles in the trailer which I felt I could definitely carry, one at a time.
I went over to where they were in the trailer and not even thinking about the fact that I was wearing just a small towel, bent over and grabbed the first one, giving all three of them a great look at my ass and pussy, and picked it up. It was heavier than I expected, but certainly not so heavy that I couldn't do it. I carried it to the front and asked Raul where he would like me to start stacking them.
"Over there by the rail would be perfect. I will grab them as I need them."
I went over, and again without even thinking, bent over and gave them another nice show as I set it down on the porch. I was so proud of myself for being able to do that, that I turned around and saw all three of them staring at me. "What? I told you I could carry them." It was at that point that I realized what I had done. "Oops. Sorry about flashing you guys. I would just like to get back in to the camp as the dogs haven't been out in awhile and this should speed that process up, right?"
"Ah, yep. It sure will Senora and we don't mind you helping at all." He then said something in Spanish to the other two men and they laughed and responded in Spanish, leaving me to wonder what they had said.
I carried all twenty something cross bars myself. As I continued to work, I realized that I was enjoying flashing them and I didn't even care as I was pretty proud that I was helping and pitching in. As the trips increased, I realized that I was getting sweaty and the towel was getting looser and looser. One of the times when I was bending over to pick one up my towel completely fell off. I had to scramble to get it back on before they turned around as Rico and Pablo were also in the trailer grabbing a big piece. I'm pretty sure they didn't see me, but I don't know for sure.
We finally got to the ladder and they set it up for me. All I had to do was climb up, remove the screen, push the window all the way open and I was in. As I started to climb the ladder, I realized that they were definitely going to get a good show as they were holding the ladder and would be looking up at me with nothing blocking their view. I thought, "Oh well, it has to be done." I started climbing the ladder carefully, doing my best to not let the towel fall open and trying to keep my legs together as much as possible, but I couldn't steady myself with only one hand. As soon as I let go of the towel, it slipped off and fluttered its way to the ground. There I was, halfway up the ladder totally naked with three strange men staring up at me. I was not embarrassed this time, but rather aroused instead. I finished climbing up the ladder and made sure that when I climbed in through the window that I gave them a nice long look at my backside before finally going through. I landed on the bed, winded. I thought it was from climbing the ladder, but realized that it was because I was so aroused.
At this point, I knew I was all in and was totally going to enjoy this afternoon. I walked downstairs, made sure to unlock the door this time, and walked totally naked out in the back yard and grabbed my towel as they looked on intently. I picked it up and flung it over my shoulder instead of wrapping it around me and said, "I'm going to take my shower now. I'm all sweaty from helping you guys." I turned and walked back in to the camp and took a shower.
-----------------------------------------------------------
I said, "Holy smokes Julie, you've never behaved like that before. I like it, this is amazing."
"Oh wait, it gets even better, that was all before lunch. After lunch is when it gets exciting."
-----------------------------------------------------------
So I took my shower, and decided to walk upstairs without the towel on. I got upstairs and could see out of the corner of my eye, that they had already assembled the scaffolding and were preparing to wash the window. I decided to give them a little bit of a tease and pretended I didn't know they were there. I got my baby oil and started to rub it all over by body. I put my leg up on the railing and spread the oil all over and around. Then I did the other leg. Then I did one arm and then the other. I continued acting as if they weren't there. I took the baby oil and drizzled it over my breasts and started to rub them. I started at the top, gathered the oil and spread it down and all the way to the nipples. I made sure to let the nipples slide through my oily fingers as I gently pulled them at the end of each stroke. I then cupped each breast from underneath and rubbed the oil towards the nipples from underneath, making sure to tug and roll them between my fingers before repeating the process. I did that many times as well. I finally had to stop myself as I was about to orgasm right there in front of them. I was watching them out of the corner of my eye and they were definitely watching me. I never felt so aroused in my life.
I slowly walked in the bathroom upstairs and had to lean against the sink to gather myself. I decided that this was fun and I was totally going to go downstairs and have lunch naked. It took me some time to wash the oil from hands and when I walked downstairs to make some lunch, they weren't in the window anymore. I was actually kind of disappointed as I was really enjoying being watched.
I slowly walked around to the different rooms and finally found them sitting on their tailgate eating their lunch. So, seeing as they weren't watching, I quickly made something to eat and ate as fast as I could. I needed to come up with something else as I wasn't done showing off yet. I had no idea what I was going to do, but I was having too much fun to stop.
I heard their footsteps on the porch as they were done with lunch and returning to the front to finish cleaning the big window. I grabbed the suntan lotion and my towel and stepped out of the door, naked, just as they were coming by. I "accidentally" bumped into Raul and dropped my towel and stood there naked to his gaze as he looked me up and down. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I didn't see you there." I turned around to make sure the other two got a good look and make sure that Raul would get a good look at my ass then too. "Oh, I didn't realize you guys were there as well. I'm so embarrassed I was just going to lay out for awhile." I bent over to pick up my towel and ever so slightly backed my ass up into Raul as he was standing there. I didn't say anything or acknowledge it, and neither did he.
I turned around and looked at him and said, "Would you mind putting some sun screen on me? I am going to lay out and don't want to get burned. There are just some places I can't reach." I then held out the bottle for him and he didn't hesitate.
"Sure, Senora, it would be our pleasure to rub some sun screen on you. We definitely don't want you to get burned." He opened the bottle, spoke to the other two in Spanish, and motioned for Rico and Pablo to come over and give him a hand.
I turned around and bent over again and pushed my ass in to his crotch and said, "It's probably easier to do my back like this. That way it won't run down and you can squirt it straight on me." I could feel his cock growing in his pants as he indeed did squirt some lotion on my back. "That feels good, why don't you two do my legs. I'll stand up again so you can do them." I stood back up as Raul had finished rubbing the lotion all over my back.
"Senora, why don't you put your arms out and Rico and Pablo will do them and then move to your legs." I immediately complied and put my arms out and the two strangers squirted some lotion on each arm and rubbed it in. Then they each got down on their knees to lotion my legs.
"Senora, now put your hands behind your head so I can do your front. We have to make sure we get everywhere, right?" As he said that, he ever so innocently slid one of his feet between mine and gently forced me to spread my legs as well.
"Absolutely, can't miss a spot or I might burn." I was totally excited and was hoping they couldn't tell by my breathing how much I was enjoying this. I interlocked my fingers behind my head and Raul squirted some lotion directly on my tits from behind me. He then handed the bottle to his brother and cousin and they started to work on my legs. They started on my upper thighs and made sure to coat them everywhere. Front, back, outside and especially inside my upper thighs. Every few strokes, one of them would be sure to brush against my pussy and try to make it seem like an accident. They would start at the top, as close as they could without making it seem obvious and then take long strokes and rub it all the way down to my feet.
Raul had also started to rub the lotion on to my breasts at that same time. He had paid attention as to how I had applied the baby oil and did the same thing. He would start at the base of my breast, drawing the lotion towards the nipple, just as if he were milking me. God it felt amazing. When he got to the nipple, he would take his time and pinch and twirl and tug insistently at them, making sure to get as much blood flow and feeling to them as possible. "Make sure to do her lower stomach too boys, we don't that want to burn," he said.
They listened and did my lower stomach making sure to rub the lotion as close to my pussy as possible without intentionally touching it.
Without warning, and leaving my nipples on fire from his attention, Raul moved around to the front of me. I couldn't open my eyes as I was in heaven with these three strangers providing me so much pleasure as I rocked back and forth nearing orgasm. Raul changed his tactic and now actually grabbed my nipples and lifted the weight of each breast by them. I didn't think I could enjoy the attention anymore than I was, but I was wrong. I moaned and the two men rubbing my lower half took the cue. They both then switched to rubbing the lotion on my ass. They would take turns and as they were doing that, they would make sure to spread my cheeks ever so slightly and gently brush against my anus and pussy. The weight of my breasts pulling at my nipples as they were now being pinched harder and twisted gently, and the attention my ass and pussy was now receiving was too much. The next time I felt a thumb at my anus, I pushed back for all I was worth as I had to have something in my ass. It slid right in and as soon as it did, I exploded with an amazing orgasm. I was rocking back on forth on a thumb, all the while my nipples were being pulled and played with by three complete strangers. I was moaning and squealing with delight and couldn't control myself.
As my orgasm faded and I opened my eyes, Raul was standing straight in front of me smiling with a look of satisfaction, as if he knew they could do that to me at some point today, thinking it was going to lead to something more. It was time for me to turn the tables back in my favor. "Oh boy, thanks so much for covering me with lotion. I'm going to go and lay out now." With that, I turned, walked down on the lower deck and laid my towel on the chaise lounge and laid on my stomach to start tanning my ass.
The three men climbed their scaffolding and got back to cleaning the window. They talked amongst themselves in Spanish and I couldn't understand a word they were saying. But every now and again they would laugh at what the other had said. I'm sure they were talking about me, but I was back in control of the situation.
-----------------------------------------------------------
"Julie, you actually did that? You're crazy. You're lucky you didn't get raped. I wouldn't have let you off without getting me off at that point. They gave you a great orgasm and you just walked away?"
"Not done yet. It's only about two o'clock at this point. There's still more to come, literally."
-----------------------------------------------------------
So I was laying there tanning, every so often turning over and giving them either a view of my ass or a view of my front. I don't know how long I was out there, but I was getting hot and it was getting late in the day. I was then aware that I hadn't heard them in awhile and opened my eyes to see them coming towards me. I thought, "here we go, they are going to be looking for something. How far am I really willing to go?"
"Excuse me Senora, but I noticed that you are getting a little red from being out in the sun for so long. I have some aloe vera here that will help in case you do get a burn. Many people wait until they are burned to apply it, but I have found that if you do it early, it actually works better. Would you like for us to apply it to you before we go for the day?"
"That would be really nice of you. It appears to be in a squirt bottle similar to lotion, do you just apply it the same way, or is there different way to apply it?"
"No, you apply it the same."
By this time, I had gotten up off the chair and had taken off my glasses, figuring that they were going to try and get something at this time, and you know without my glasses I can hardly see, anyway I was standing directly in front of Raul. I turned around and bent over and again pushed my ass directly in to his crotch. "I believe this worked very well last time? Is this a correct position to do my back?"
Raul didn't answer. He just squirted the lotion on my back as he did before, but this time he also squirted it close enough to my crack that the cold lotion ran down between my cheeks, and started to rub it in. I was in heaven actually as this time he was grinding on me. I thought for sure he was going to get a little more aggressive, which at this point I would have been perfectly fine with. I needed a little something too. But he didn't do anything he hadn't before. Then he gave the bottle to the other two and they did the same thing as before. I was sooooo horny at this point, I was hoping they would make a move as I needed something, but I wasn't going to ask.
Raul removed his hands from by breasts and I figured he was moving around in front of me again. I heard some noises behind me but I couldn't figure out what they were. He grabbed one of my hands, but instead of bringing it up behind my head like earlier, he brought it behind my back and guided it directly to his exposed cock. It felt different than yours, I can't explain how, but just different. I started to pump it slowly and I could hear him start to moan. Then, without warning, Rico had taken my other hand and guided it directly to his exposed cock in front of me. It felt different too, but similar to Raul's. I knew what he wanted me to do and I was more than happy to oblige and started to stroke him too. It didn't take long for Raul to cum and he shot his load all over my back. He stepped away and Pablo took my now free hand and guided it to his cock. It felt like yours and I started to pump him as well. Rico didn't last much longer and exploded all over my stomach with his load. Pablo wasn't far behind either and shot his on my side. I was disappointed in that I was hoping to get a little more as I was horny and thought they wanted to fuck, but I guess not. As I stood there covered in there cum, I could hear something out in the lake. I put my glasses back on and there was a boat just off the dock with two guys watching. I was standing there naked, just having jacked off three guys and their cum all over me, and all I could think to do was to wave and grab my towel and head in for a shower.
Raul, Rico and Pablo headed to their truck and left without another word.
I hopped in the shower and started drinking wine waiting for you to get home.
------------------------------------------------------------
"Wow, that's quite the day."
This whole time that she was telling me her story for the day, I had managed to get her standing up and get her towel off. She was so in to telling her story and with several glasses of wine on board, she had worked herself into a tizzy. I slowly removed her glasses and turned her towards the lake and had her bend over and grab the railing. As I looked at the lake, I could see a boat just off our dock with two fishermen on it. I'm assuming it was the same guys from earlier.
"So, you said you were hoping for a little more today? How about this?" I slid my rock hard cock into my wife's pussy, she moaned her acceptance and delight. The moon was coming up over our bay and I'm sure that the two guys in the boat could see what was happening as it wasn't real dark yet. I started slowly but built rapidly as I was hot as hell listening to her story as well and needed to cum.
However, after a few fast strokes she said, "Not in my pussy. Fuck me in the ass tonight and I want you to cum in there like never before. Those guys left me wanting and I think that will make up for it." I quickly pulled out and slid it right in her ass. She let out a nice squeal and then a moan. The two guys in the boat were still watching and I'm sure they could hear as well as they were probably only about a hundred feet away. As I was increasing my thrusting, my balls started to hit her lips and clit and sent her over the edge with a huge loud orgasm. As she started to cum, her ass started to spasm and that was all I needed to get over the top as well. I kept pumping her hard as we were both having an orgasm and I wanted to make sure every drop was in her ass before we were done, as she ordered.
As we both came down from our orgasms and I pulled out of her ass I said, "Gary is picking me up at 7am tomorrow. Could you drive in for dinner and the five guys and their wives will have dinner at the club tomorrow? We're in first place and hopefully it will be a celebration dinner? Oh, and don't forget that Raul, Rico and Pablo will be back tomorrow to fix the soffit in the back. They will probably be here by 8."
She was warm in her afterglow and said, "Sure honey, whatever you say. Dinner at the club tomorrow, you bet. Let's go to bed, I'm completely worn out."
I was up and out by 7 on Friday as Gary, who has a camp on the same lake, picked me up. As I was leaving for the day I was trying to get Julie up, but she was having none of it. Fortunately I had planned for that and set her alarm to go off at 7:30 so she would have time to wake up before the workers got there. She hates for people to see her before she has her makeup on.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Julie called as she was five minutes out so I could meet her outside as she hated walking in to places alone. I went outside and waited for her. As she came walking up to the clubhouse from the parking lo, wearing a yellow sundress I had never seen her wear before, she just seemed to have a little extra bounce in her step and a weird little smile on her face. The sun dress looked stunning on her, especially with the sun setting behind her highlighting her figure. Short enough to show off her gorgeous legs, but long enough to be appropriate. She was wearing a new pair of matching yellow shoes that had two inch heels. They really caused her legs to look even longer and more toned. It was a tube top type that was cotton and the wind made it swish as she walked, almost exposing her ass to anyone behind her and I could see that her nipples were fully erect for everyone to see. She was not wearing a bra and her breasts swayed and bounced seductively. Her makeup and hair were perfect.
She could tell I was impressed with her look as she gave me a big hug and a kiss and said, "I take it you like my new dress?" She separated from me and twirled around revealing what I already knew, that she was wearing only a thong underneath as the dress did indeed fluff up as she twirled around.
"Holy shit. I take it you had a great day?" as I pulled her in for another kiss, this time I reached my hands under her sundress and cupped her exposed ass cheeks. "You look amazing. I never saw you wear this before."
"I was waiting for the right occasion and this was it. I had a fabulous day. So fabulous, in fact, that I still have the remnants in my pussy. I hope they don't leak out at dinner as that would be embarrassing. And about dinner, I have a full tummy too, so I don't know that I will be eating much. I'll tell you all about it later as I am sure you are already getting a hard on and we don't want to walk in the clubhouse with that sticking out."
I grabbed her hand and held it as we walked in and across the room to our table. To say every eye in the place was on her as she walked through would be an understatement. As we approached the table, the other four women got up and hugged her arrival while the other four guys gave me approving looks. The ladies gave her compliments on her new dress as I pulled her chair out for her and she sat down. Gary sat next to us, and even though she did the proper thing and tried to brush her skirt down as she sat, he could tell that it did not cover her ass as she sat down. She knowingly turned and winked at him.
We ordered another round of drinks and then placed our food order. Julie ordered just a small salad and one of the women asked why she wasn't going to order a full meal. "Oh, I had a snack before I came and it filled me up more than I thought it would," she said sheepishly. The other women seemed to pick up on her comment.
Gary asked if we had any damage at the camp from the last storm.
"Yes we did. Lots of leaves and debris were up on the plate glass window and some of the soffit got torn off. I usually use Big Jim for repairs but he is booked out for a few weeks. I found another guy who was available right now, Raul's Home Repair."
Julie perked up, "They gave great service. I highly recommend them. They had the right equipment to get the job done. I was totally satisfied. I like the service big Jim gives too and wouldn't hesitate to use them either." The women also seemed to pick up on that comment as well as they all gave each other knowing glances.
After dinner we all split up and headed to our cars. The wind had picked up and it didn't seem to bother Julie one bit that her beautiful sun dress was continuously blowing up showing off her ass and matching thong to anyone who was outside watching. I said, "You seem to enjoy showing off lately. I think I like this new you. Now start telling me about your day."
-----------------------------------------------------------
As we pulled out on to the road, Julie started telling me about her day.
So, my alarm went off at 7:30, thanks for that by the way, I forgot they were coming again today. I realized time was short and I had to get in the shower right away if I was to be ready before they arrived. I stripped down and was getting ready to jump in the shower when I heard one of the dogs barking outside. Figuring you must have left one out when you left, I shut the water down, grabbed a towel and headed on to the porch. As I stepped outside, she came whipping in from the other way and, guess what, somehow the door slammed shut again and locked me out. I thought, "this can't be happening again. Two days in a row."
Fortunately for me it was hot last night and the window on the porch was propped open, you know, the one that opens up and we have to put a stick in to hold it because the camp settled? Anyway, I thought I could get through that window and it would be alright. So, I took my towel off and laid it on the sill so it wouldn't hurt and as I was climbing through I knocked the stick out of place and the window closed down on me pinning me half in and half out, totally naked with my ass on the porch side.
Just then I heard the work truck show up and the guys getting out. After what I had done to them yesterday, I was getting a little nervous about what might happen. I yelled "Help, Raul I'm stuck."
He came up on the porch with the other two guys and could see my predicament. He said, "Oh my goodness Senora, are you ok? We'll have you out in a minute."
However, because you can only open it by applying pressure on both the left and right sides at the same time, he couldn't get the angle from outside to lift it. Even though he is strong, it just wasn't going to happen. They weren't really in any hurry as I could tell they were all just standing there staring at my ass and pussy.
"We're still thinking. We'll figure it out in a minute." They were only speaking in Spanish and I have no idea what they were saying.
I had been like that for quite some time and my arms were getting tired from holding my upper body up inside the house. "Please hurry, I am getting tired and sore. I'll do anything if you can get me out."
"Anything? Well, we only got hand jobs yesterday. Today, when we get you out we want blowjobs."
"No! Are you kidding? Please get me out and I will give you each a hand job again."
There was more talking between them and Raul said, "How about blow jobs but we won't make you swallow. We will pull out and cum on your tits?"
"Just hand jobs. Please this is really starting hurt my arms."
Without warning, Raul smacked hard on each ass cheek, causing me to yelp and jump a little bit. It stung really bad, but was also somewhat arousing.
"Senora, you are in no position to dictate terms of your rescue. You shall give us blowjobs and we will cum on your tits." He smacked me again on the ass to emphasize the fact that I really wasn't the one in control this time.
"Ok, ok. I'll give you each a blow job, but you have to pull out and cum on my tits. I won't swallow."
"Very well, we shall figure a way to get you out." As he was saying that, Rico had walked around to the other door and opened it and walked right in. How had I not thought to check the other door to see if it was locked.
Rico walked up in front of me and took his cock out. It was already erect and was uncircumcised, which is why it felt different than yours. He was putting it in my face and I was not opening my mouth.
"Senora, a deal is a deal. You said you would give us each a blow job if we freed you. Did you really think we were going to free you before you made good? Rico, go upstairs and get her baby oil and start rubbing it on her tits and milk her. Rub it on her nipples and pull and tweak them. That will get her going."
Rico sprinted up the stairs with his cock bobbing in front of him. He came back and poured the oil into his hands and started to rub them on my breasts. He was pulling my breasts just like he was milking a cow, except he would give my nipples extra attention. I did everything I could to not let him know that it was working, but my moans gave me away as I gave in to his ministrations.
He stood back up and put his cock in my face, but I was still not going to suck it until I was out. I turned my head away and yelled, "Get me out first or no deal."
Rico yelled something in Spanish to Raul and without warning, he smacked me harder than the the other times causing me to yell at the top of my lungs.
Rico saw his chance as my mouth was open and slid his cock right in. I have never sucked, let alone touched an uncircumcised penis before and I had no choice at this point. There was nothing I could do except pleasure him.
Raul saw his opportunity and decided that he was now going to fuck me instead of me blowing him and cumming on my tits. There was really nothing I could do about it as I had a cock in my mouth and couldn't complain. Raul started gently but built his tempo. Just as I was getting close to an orgasm, and I think he was too, Rico again said something in Spanish and withdrew his cock from my mouth. Raul pulled his cock and out and I was left wanting at that point. I couldn't see where Rico had gone. When he returned he milked my tits a few times to make sure my nipples were sticking out as far as they could and without warning he attached clothes pins to my nipples. He put them in such a way that my nipples were in the open part, but it still grabbed them firmly, and the long part was pointing down my body towards the wall.
I started to yelp and whine as it really hurt. He picked my head up with his hand and looked me in the eye and said, "It will only hurt for about 10-15 seconds. You will adjust and it will become pleasurable. My wife enjoys this when we do it. Then, when I take them off and the blood rushes back to your nipples, you will have the greatest sensation. It will feel as though they are on fire and will make you very happy."
By now, I had adjusted to them and was actually feeling very horny. "Tell your brother to finish fucking me and put your cock back in my mouth. Just be sure to pull out before you cum."
Raul pushed his cock back in to my pussy out on the porch and I willing opened my mouth for Rico to slide his cock back in. We developed a real good motion, but Raul was ready to cum and started to bang me real hard. This caused Rico to push in to my mouth even deeper. As Raul started to cum, he pulled me backwards, which caused the clothespins to hit the wall and snap off my nipples. Rico was right, I had grown accustomed to them and when they were gone the blood and feeling came rushing back. They felt like they were on fire and with Raul's balls resting on my clit and him pumping his cum deep in me, my own orgasm was starting. With Raul pushing me forward now, Rico was trying to slide his cock even deeper. I knew he was trying to cum in my mouth and I didn't want that to happen. I tried to lift my arms to push him away, but when I did, that just allowed him to slide his cock all the way in my mouth and he started to cum. I had no choice but to start swallowing his cum. I swallowed it all and as he pulled out, he looked down at me and said, "Oops, sorry about that."
All that was left was for Pablo to cum on my tits. He didn't waste any time. As soon as Raul pulled out of my pussy, he stepped right up and started to fuck me. I was protesting saying that wasn't part of the deal, but I really wanted it now. However, he was smaller than Raul and wasn't getting enough stimulation. Without warning, he pulled his cum covered cock out of my pussy and slammed it right in my ass! While the penetration hurt, you had loosened me up last night, and he was smaller than you so it actually felt really good after a couple of thrusts. He wouldn't last very long and neither would I. Thinking about what I had just done, feeling the cum running down my thigh, and feeling his balls hitting my lips, over the edge I went. I had another wonderful orgasm. My ass contracting on his cock and him realizing that he brought me over the edge was all he needed, he shot his load deep in my ass.
Rico then wasted no time in figuring out the window and I finished climbing through. As I laid there with a belly full, pussy full and ass full of cum, I realized that that was actually pretty fun. They didn't say a word to me the rest of the day and worked diligently. They took down the scaffolding from the front, put it up in the back and then fixed the soffit. I took a shower and was absolutely tuckered out so I slept most of the day.
-----------------------------------------------------------
"Wait a minute. You said that you still had remnants in your pussy and your tummy was full when you got to the club. If all that happened this morning right after I left and you took a shower, how can that be?"
When we reached the camp, there was an envelope taped to the deck. It was the bill. As I opened it, I noticed that it was $200 less than Raul had quoted me. He hand wrote on it "Thanks for the business. Anything you need serviced in the future, please don't hesitate to call us. It was our pleasure. We also take referrals."
As we moved to the deck for some tequila watching the moon over our bay drinking a couple of night caps when she said, "I wasn't done. I said I slept most of the day. I still had to get ready for the country club and the dinner."
-----------------------------------------------------------
So, they were finishing up and had started taking down their scaffolding. I hopped in the shower again and got myself all dolled up in my new sundress as it was getting to be time for me to leave to come in to town. I looked myself over and had to admit I really like how I looked. I was ready to leave and I looked out and all the scaffolding was taken down so I assumed that they had left.
I locked the door and walked out. The three of them were sitting on their tailgate speaking Spanish and having a beer as I was walking towards the car. "Nice job guys, I really appreciate you being able to get this done so quickly. You gave great service."
Raul jumped off the tailgate and was following me to my car and said, "Holy frijoles Senora, you look fabulous. You cleaned up very well from this morning when we saw you last. You look very sexy for your night on the town with your husband. However, you still need to pay for your "rescue". The deal was you would blow us and we could all cum on your tits. If I remember correctly, none of us got to cum on your tits this morning. A deal is a deal where I come from. So, the way I see it, you aren't done quite yet."
I was stunned that they would even think such a thought after what happened today. I responded sharply, "Are you serious? Rico forced me to swallow his load after I told you I wouldn't. You fucked me and came in my pussy and Pablo fucked me and came in my ass. I think I have more than lived up to my end of the deal."
"Well, Senora, we don't. We were just talking on the tailgate and here is what we think. We got you out and haven't cum on your tits. None of us. All the other things you did today you did because you wanted to. You wanted to swallow Rico's load, you wanted me to fuck your pussy and you wanted Pablo to fuck your ass. If you didn't want to, you wouldn't have faked getting stuck in the window. We were nice yesterday and were happy with the hand job, but after watching you lay there naked all day, we were hoping for more. So we figured this was your plan to make up for that. There is no way you couldn't have known the other door was unlocked."
The truth is he was right. I wanted that to happen as I was left wanting the day before because I hadn't acted. I needed to be treated like this and forced to do things I don't normally do. It was so erotic and exciting that I just couldn't help myself. "But I'm ready to leave and have somewhere to be. I don't have time to take another shower to get your cum off my tits."
Raul picked up on this fact and said, "So, you admit that you have not lived up to your end of the deal."
"I didn't say that."
"Oh, but Senora, you did. You said you don't have time to take another shower and wash your tits. That is admitting that you still owe us for your rescue."
"No. I can't do that. I'll be late if I have to take another shower. I can't just pull my dress down and wash it off."
"Well, there is another way we can settle your deal. We have a solution that is acceptable to us as that is what we were discussing when you came out."
"And what is that?"
"If you give me and Pablo a blowjob, and Rico get's to fuck you in your pussy because he didn't earlier, we will allow that to suffice your part of the deal We will call it square."
"So let me get this straight. You guys don't think I lived up to my end of the deal and I have to give you two blow jobs and get fucked one more time to make this right? But I don't have time for a shower and I certainly don't want your cum on my dress at dinner. So how's that going to work?"
"Well Senora, you will just have to swallow I guess. That way it won't get on your pretty dress. That is what we are saying."
"I can't show up for dinner with red knees. Even if I agreed to do this, which I am not, how do you propose for me to do that without leaving any trace?"
Just then a wind blew my dress up and the cool air touched my bare ass and I knew that I was going to do this. I just couldn't help myself anymore and needed to taste and feel more.
"You see, you are already figuring out how to do this. You know we are right and you should stop fighting this. Live up to your end of the deal, Senora."
"Follow me!"
I led them inside. They followed me in like little puppies because they knew they had me. My dress was blowing up like crazy as we walked up the porch and all three were staring at my ass. I told Pablo to go wash his dick as it was in my ass earlier. He scurried to the bathroom. Rico pulled my sun dress down exposing my tits and sucked them harshly for a few seconds, then he spun me around and bent me over a kitchen chair. He lifted my sun dress and put it up on my back and slowly pulled my thong down and off my feet. He started to gently play with my pussy, rubbing the tip of his cock up and down my slit. He didn't need to as I was already wet thinking about what was about to happen. Raul had removed his pants and underwear and stood right in front of me with his stiff, uncircumcised cock. I reached out and played with it and drew it closer to my mouth. I hadn't really had a chance to see Rico's earlier so I rolled the skin back to reveal the tip. I was mesmerized and couldn't wait to taste it. Just as I was about to take it in, Rico slammed his cock to the hilt and pushed me forward on to Raul's cock. Rico wasted no time and pounded me hard. Pablo had come out of the bathroom and he was stiff and ready to go. He was enjoying the show and I reached over and started to play with his cock, all the while sucking Raul and getting pounded by Rico.
Rico said something in Spanish to Pablo and he pulled away from me. I didn't care. I was enjoying the fucking and sucking. My tits were swinging freely under me and then I could feel Pablo playing with my nipples. The were a little sore from this morning, but it did feel good. Without warning, he clamped the clothespins on them again and forced my arms up and behind me. Rico grabbed them and Pulled me closer so I couldn't remove them. I yelped into Raul's cock, but with my arms held behind me, that was really all I could do. After a short time, the sensation turned from pain to pleasure, just like this morning. Rico could sense when that happened and actually picked up his pace.
Rico was the first to let go. He pulled me hard into him and drove his cock all the way in and shot his load deep inside me. This caused the clothes pins to snap off on the chair and my nipples felt as if they were on fire and drove me over the top for my orgasm. He made sure that he pumped every last drop into me before withdrawing. Raul moved me off the chair and pushed me down in front of him. I couldn't kneel as that would make my knees red so I had to stay on my feet crouched down. I could taste his cum and my juices from earlier and it was real erotic. I could tell he was getting close. He grabbed me by the sides of my head and pulled my face all the way tight and drove his cock deep in my throat and shot his load straight into my gullet. I sucked Raul dry and then turned to Pablo. After witnessing the show and me pulling on his cock, he barely made it to my mouth. I pulled him in just as he started his orgasm. He shot his cum in my mouth and not my throat. It was very hard to choke it down but they insisted that that was the only way to settle up.
"You didn't need to hold my head to your cock. A deal is a deal and I was going to swallow everything."
"Sorry Senora, I needed to make sure that you didn't change your mind at the last second."
-----------------------------------------------------------
I had poured her another tequila and said, "Julie, that is absolutely insane that you did that. You have never done that before. What got in to you?"
"I don't know. I guess all three of them."
-----------------------------------------------------------
So I pulled my dress back up and went to the bathroom. I cleaned myself up as best I could, brushed my teeth, fixed my make up and put my thong back on. I figured it might hold any remnants in as opposed to going commando and possibly dripping somewhere. I then drove to the club, and here we are.
"Well, I am completely horned up and really need to cum after that day. Want to fuck again out here on the deck? Just like last night so the fishermen can see?"
"Nah, I'm really sore and am too tired to do anything, sorry. I'm going to bed. Love you honey." She got up and walked in to the camp, leaving me and my hard on sitting on the deck.
I was pissed to say the least that she got so much sex and then wasn't willing to finish me. I had another shot of tequila before I walked in to the camp.
Julie was sitting on the couch totally naked "What took you so long? I said I didn't want to fuck." She motioned for me to come over to her, "Now come over here and let's make love. I have had enough sex today."