Michelle met with Victor, her new owner and several other men to begin her new career as a porn star. They drove her to a large hotel and escorted her to a suite on the top floor. There she was prepared for the movie.
Two of the men rubbed baby oil all over her naked body. A woman applied heavy makeup to Michelle's face and painted her fingernails and toenails a bright red. She then handed Michelle a short white laced knit skirt. Michelle was also given a matching knit top to wear. The skirt came only halfway down on Michelle's ass. The top had three quarter sleeves and a short back. It covered her shoulders and tied across her breasts in the front. The outfit was completed with six inch red patent leather heels. Victor then presented Michelle with her wedding rings he had shown her the day before. He had taken them from her the day before. As Victor placed the rings back on her finger Michelle immediately noticed that the stones were in them! She assumed that the stones were fake and that he had kept the original diamonds, but they looked good.
She didn't really want to wear them like this, showing who knows the fact that she was a married woman about to perform whatever sexual acts the men around her wanted of her, but she knew again that she had no choice. Michelle had to simply accept the facts of her slavery.
With her ass hanging halfway out, her pussy lips showing below the dress, and her nipples prominent through the lacy top, Michelle was instructed to walk among the men, rubbing against them, and finally choosing the man she wanted to be the first to fuck her. Michelle had never been given a choice before. She moved among the men, flirting with each one as she thought about who she would choose.
Michelle would rub her tits across their chests, and back her ass into their crotches, hoping to feel their hard dicks pressing against her. She finally picked a tall man with dark curly hair. He looked as if he were a body builder. Michelle just hoped she wouldn't be disappointed with his cock.
She reflected again on how her desires had changed. She now felt somehow incomplete without fucking several men a day. She really was now what they had made her. She was a whore, a "puta."
Michelle went to her knees and unbuttoned the man's pants, carefully taking out his cock. She held it lightly and licked it as she looked the man in the eye. The cameras were catching all the action. His cock was good sized and it grew as Michelle took him into her mouth and sucked. The man held her head as he forced his now fully harden cock down her throat. He fucked her face hard and fast as Michelle choked on the large dick. She knew her throat would be sore in the morning.
Michelle held her tits together over the man's cock as he fucked them. She was then pushed back on the bed where the man licked her cunt, tasting her juices. She was wet with anticipation of what was to come. He flipped her over, raising her ass up and pushing her face down. Michelle liked to be taken like this. It was so animalistic, so raw, so humiliating.
He plunged his cock into her without any further ceremony. She gasped as he did, but soon got into the rhythm, bucking her hips into his pelvis as he thrust his cock into her. Her tits dangling and flopping, the man took her hard and fast. The camera was loving this scene. Victor knew the film would sell well, both in Mexico and in the US. The rape of an innocent American wife and her transformation into a cock hungry whore would top the charts.
Michelle felt the man building to a climax, as she was too. When he began shooting his hot seed into her, she came as well. He filled her up with his load. The camera focused in close up as he pulled out of Michelle. She held her position as they filmed the cum filling her cunt and then running out down her thighs.
Michelle's cunt was wiped with a rag as another man presented his cock to her mouth. As she took him in, yet another lifted her legs and plunged his cock inside her cunt. She was fucked like this until they both shot their cum inside her. Michelle was taken by the men several times throughout the day.
The cameramen made sure they got good scenes of her being DP'ed, as more than once a cock was up her ass, while another was in her cunt. Twice they filmed scenes of two dicks in her pussy, and then with two dicks in her ass.
None of this was new to Michelle. All this and more happened to her in the whorehouse. The only thing new was that it was now being recorded in living color to be shown to whoever wanted to see it.
At the end of the day Michelle was filmed while naked on her knees smiling and telling the men how much she had loved it. As she kneeled before them, the men were jacking off into her waiting open mouth, into her hair, on her tits, ass, stomach and back. Michelle would wipe the cum from her body with her fingers and suck it in her mouth as she swallowed.
Michelle was then taken to the bathtub, where she spread her legs holding her pussy open and with open mouth and eyes, lay there while the men pissed on her. She coughed and choked as the urine ran down her throat, through her hair, over her body, into her cunt. Michelle smiled and blew a kiss to the men, telling them to "cum again soon" as the last scene of the day was filmed.