"MEDIEVAL TIMES, DADDY! This is sooo cool. Look at all the costumes."
Lonnie Turner wasn't as entertained as his daughter who herself wore a costume that he called one big set of scarves made into a dress. How she found time to put it together amazed him even more. Of course, having help from her burly Tailor Joshy didn't hurt. What he didn't know was that she had gone behind Joshy and had snipped threads with a devious intent. A secret mission that only her date Todd knew about. Paige Turner knew how to keep her men interested.
With Graduation coming up Lonnie knew that she should be focusing on that, but no she would rather whore it up and tease guys than concentrate on what's important. Of course, her being on the Honor Roll gave her a lead way into doing as she pleased, smart girl with no objectives once school was out. Grimacing at his own concerns on the subject he knew he wasn't helping by instigating his own sick perversions upon her active sex life. Her earning five grand from Dr. Frank Martinbaum had given him too many ideas on how to make more. Yet, for every bit of greed came an equal amount of conscience. He felt like her pimp. Maybe he was. She didn't seem to mind. With heavy thoughts he decides reality was the here and now.
"They actually have guys on horses here? Who wants to eat dinner smelling manure."
He catches a brief whiff. Even if the horses did wear butt bags to capture their droppings, it was not real appetizing. Looking around at the people dining he discovered they didn't seem to object.
"Get over it Daddy. The point is this is what life would have been like in those days. I wonder where Sir Todd is? I'm kind of nervous to meet him. I shouldn't be." She giggles with a newfound confidence, "My shyness is pretty much gone unless I fake it."
"Says the girl who just stripped naked on a city bus and got body painted by 20 guys." He rolls his eyes, body paint being a mass transit bukkake. "You just keep doing that. Acting shy and awkward can be a turn on."
"I know. Trust me I know." She smirks and hugs his arm. "You had fun don't deny it." She lifts up on her toes and exhales in his face, "Does my breath smell like Daddy cum?"
"Stop that." He waves a hand between them to alter the path of scent. "Yes you do. Before you meet Todd you need a breath mint. Did they wear the kind of clothes you're in? You look like a big hanky."
"I worked hard on my dress. I call it Peasant Pretty." She twists in step modelling her atrocious looking dress. "Todd said he wanted to see me in something like this."
"Good thing you doubled up the material over your private parts. The rest of you is see through, even with your white ass skin."
"If you hadn't spent money on a corset it might have looked worse."
"All I do is buy you clothes. You think that five grand is gonna last long?"
She pouts, "I earned that money."
"I'm aware of that. You do realize I've funded every dime I made on you for 18 years right? Therefore, I wouldn't get too lippy."
"You're right. I'm sorry Daddy. It's just nice knowing I can make money like that. Can I keep some of the next money I get from Mister Frank?"
"If there is a next time. I'm not sure how I feel about you hooking yourself."
"You said I could visit him more. He believes we're doing it a lot more. he's even making me a special play room that I designed. It's my body Daddy. I don't mind as long as I'm treated nice."
"Special room? I'm just now hearing about the Stalker Suite? Maybe you should just call it what it is. Escort service career?"
"I can do that." She giggles nibbling a fingernail slyly. "Except I want to actually date other guys not just get paid by them."
Frowning at the whole argument Lonnie growls. "Text Todd. Let's meet your career Larper."
"K." She digs inside her clutch purse for her cell then sends a text. Luckily they had lockers to stash their duffle of clothes. Keeping out only her necessities of perfume, makeup, and cell.
"I'm here sexy Todd." She types.
Looking around the arena of galloping horses in colorful trappings, less ornate riders holding large flags circle the area, giving Lonnie plenty of options in case Todd was among them. It was a safe bet that he wouldn't have his cell in his armor. Of course he could be wrong. He did spot a knight checking his cell while parading the sand filled arena. Nope! It wasn't a cell after all. Go figure it was an iPod, the man doing a drum solo to mock the boredom.
Her cell rings instead of getting a text, as a Waitress leads them to a table right on the wall of the arena. After telling the Waitress they had reservations under Todd Falkner she smiled and confirmed his arrangement. Falling behind them while answering her cell she dances in step. Tables of Camelot's dining denizens eye her almost wanting to laugh at her attire. A young boy even asked his Father if she was a Jester. Shielding the boy with his own bulkiness he told the lad no. She was a stable girl.
"Hiiiiiii! Where are you?" Paige listens, then looks out over the arena toward the massive gates leading in to the circle of sand. There were battle knights prepared to make an entrance. He was one of them. He sat holding his helmet in order to make his call. Waving to each other she rushes to her table, where Lonnie had already taken a seat.
"There he is Daddy. See?" She points toward Todd, Lon twisting in his seat to look behind him. He waves at Todd to be courteous. Todd was a large man of 25 with short brown hair and dashing good looks. "You look handsome in your armor Todd." She couldn't stop dancing. Her tits jiggling about for him to notice. He was hardly the only one catching on to her tempting freedom. His fellow soldiers spying on his attention getter.
"Can you see my fellow Knights checking you out?" Todd chuckled.
"Yesssss! Should I behave?" She ignores the Waitress admiring her makeshift gown. It was hardly Medieval looking, save for her girdle. Rather trashy looking she thought. The redheaded girl was gorgeous though, in a kiddy sort of way. Pointing out the fact there was no traditional menu she waved a servant boy over to offer them chalices of mead. It was tea.
"Are you kidding me? Don't you dare. In a few minutes they're going to sound a trumpet. We knights ride by and claim handkerchiefs from the maidens in the crowd. Did you design your dress how I asked?"
"Yes. You can't tell it even up close, but I made alterations just for you."
The waitress was unimpressed, lingering while Lonnie let Paige ramble, she questions what the redhead had meant by alterations. Her outfit was nearly transparent as it was. How did she even get in the door? Was nobody even observing this skank? Shrugging, the tall skinny, yet shapely waitress took her leave.
"Oh man! Megan looks pissy." Todd exhales laughing.
"Who is Megan?" Paige pouts.
"Relax. Your waitress is my ex-girlfriend. By now she knows who you're talking to."
"We did mention your name on the reservations."
"No brainer then. She presumes correctly that you're my date."
"I don't think she likes my dress, she's giving me the evil meanie eye." She fidgets.
"Love that voice. You might just melt my chainmail on the ride by." He laughs.
"I'll make your ride by memorable."
"Make all the Knight's ride by just as memorable."
"All? Looks like a lot."
"Twenty. We're supposed to symbolize an army."
"I might not have enough alterations for twenty." She frets.
"Improvise Milady."
Hearing his zest for life she nods, "Yes Sire"
"I like that. Sire Todd has a ring to it."
"There's our cue. Gotta go. Make Sire Todd proud." He ends their conversation abruptly. Seconds later as they prepare themselves with last moment once overs of their garb, a trumpet rallies the attention of the Kingdom.
Her cell on the table by her purse she claps excitedly. Lonnie amused by her giddiness. "Sire Todd? Isn't it just Sir Todd? You don't want the King over there getting wind that he's out to steal the keys to the Kingdom do you? Might not be as handsome without his head. Either of them."
"Be nice Daddy." She beguiles him with her stare. His daughter was laughing inside, not hard to tell. "Their ride is starting." She points directing her Father's attention away from her. As she steps to the wall facing the arena, she discovers the waitress Megan next to her.
"Make that dress yourself?" Megan sneers.
"Yes. I need more mead." Paige spills her tea over the side of the arena staining the sand. Handing Megan the chalice the waitress winces bitterly. Stepping aside Megan raced away to find a tankard of fresh tea. Paige felt pride in herself for that move. As the riders circled the theater they stretched out gathering cloth after cloth from many a young lady. Okay, even old ladies in for a good chuckle. It was all in great fun.
Nearing Paige she eyes her Father, who seemed more interested in other things. As he looked away Paige reaches between her legs and lightly tugs at tufts of sheer material. With minor threading in certain areas cloth comes apart quickly. With each Knight in passing she hands off a portion of her dress. Todd being the seventh rider in line gets closer. His visor lifted he reaches out toward Lonnie for a fist bump of fist to gauntlet.
"Nice to meet you Sir. I'm Todd." Lonnie seemed impressed bumping fists. In passing him Lonnie looks now toward his daughter's reaction. noting large amounts of material in her hand his eyes bulge. The merest of thoughts led to a mental, "Oh shit!"
"Thank thee Fair Paige." Todd receives his handkerchief of sorts. Ignoring Megan the waitress who had returned who was holding out her own...thong. Todd smirks and claims it only to toss it over his back. The Knight behind him captured it and held it to his nose. Having a fit knowing the other Knight was a weaselly nerd named Edgar, she stomped her foot. Paige after handing Edgar his own tuft of her dress passes one toward Megan.
"Blow your nose?" She mumbles shyly.
"Fuck you..." She wanted to call Paige a bitch but her job might be on the line. It was then that Megan faked spilling her new drink all over Paige's front. As the material grew moist over her tits, flesh became visible. Nipples spiking high for other Knights to see. Refusing to cover up Paige continues removing and passing tufts to the remainder of the twenty Knights. Awestruck Megan looks out toward Todd who pointed at her threateningly. Tantrum ensuing, Megan took her leave.
"Dress is getting a little thin there." Lonnie scowled toward his kid.
Paige sulks taking her seat. "I hope we don't get kicked out."
Once seated Lonnie drops his napkin in favor of looking under the table. Sure enough, bare pussy with a thin arrow of fire pointing down at it. Her legs wide knowing he was checking her out. Eyes closed as he rises up Lonnie groans, "Are you crazy?"
"Maybe." She shrugs with her left cheek on her shoulder. Mesmerizing she was.
Finding a new fleshy tone across her left boob revealing her entire nipple he tosses his napkin at her. She uses it to dab at her tit. Hopeless at the moment she merely folded her arms over her chest.
"How are you planning on walking out of her with your puss out in plain view?"
"I just need to make it to the restroom. I can change back into my micro mini skirt."
"Wow! And, I was hoping to get a picture of you with Sir...Sire Todd."
"Good idea." She dances her shoulders from side to side.
Food coming to their table, a platter was sat in front of each of them. The waitress Megan no longer in the picture, a new waiter delivered their meal. This waiter dressed as a gaudy looking Jester. One that took immediate interest in Paige. Leaning next to her she giggles, reaching her fingers up to jingle tiny bells attached to his Jester cap. The guy laughed at her then gazed down at her cleavage. She had uncovered her damp breast giving him a peek. Eyes bulging wide he was tempted to flick her own tiny little bell. More of a door bell but still.
"Oh my!" He huffs turning blood red in the face.
"Sowwy! I didn't mean to startle you."
Trembling heavily the Jester drops a pouch to the stone floor. Kneeling to pick it up Paige twists in her seat devilishly. The Jester saw her pussy in better light and nearly faints. Forced to look up as Megan returns, Paige swiftly covers her lap.
"Get up Niles. Stop being an oaf." Megan huffed playing the part of the era.
"Sorry Milady." Jester Niles bows before Paige with a wink. Paige blew him a kiss then slyly flips off Megan. Niles spotting her sneakiness nodded with a left sided smirk. A flower emerges from Nile's pocket like a Magician and hands it to Paige. Shyly sniffing the unreal rose Paige bats her eyes at him. The lad's legs nearly buckled out from under him as she chose to caress the rose along her leg, over her tufts of dress before laying sweet red petals along her pink little pussy. She blushed along with him, even if it was conceived by lust.
Lonnie noted her reaction thus rolling his eyes. "Great! Now she flirts with the Court Jester. What's next? King's bed chamber?" Nodding he knew that could be a possibility. He chose then to take pictures of the Knights and send one to the new lady in his life Deborah Johnson. Lonnie didn't want to think any further on his daughter's devious mind.
"Are you done flirting with Todd's date?" Megan snaps at Niles. Instantly the boy panics. The merest mention of Todd Faulkner's name made the Jester cringe. Megan loved how guys feared the man. Megan found that quality very sexy. It was at that moment another trumpet sounded. A speaker dictating that War had come to the castle. It sure had.
The crowd roars to life as a barbarian horde enters the arena. Knights leaping from their horses move into foot formation to safeguard the royal family upon their parapet. It looked so very real. Well rehearsed indeed. Even the horses gathered away from battle by lowly Squires were plausible.
"Look Daddy. Todd's going to fight." Paige jumps up clapping. Megan fumed at her baby like attitude. It consumed her that Todd could want such a girl. As her Manager eyes her from afar Megan went about her duties. For the moment. She would return.
Lonnie took more pictures as the true battle waged. Swords clashing, shields banging in defense. It was pretty cool he thought. Discovering his turkey leg he set aside his cell in favor of a feast. It wasn't before long that Todd and his combatant had made their way across the field to impress the girls. Reaching the dining perimeter his fight became improvised. He pelted the opposition vigorously. The resistor finding it hard to stay on his feet. With a last ditch effort he hurls himself into Todd and the two collide just below Paige. Leaning over the stone rail Lonnie heard something that made his heart chill.
"KICK HIS ASS TODD!"
"Settle down over there." Lon observed her clenched fists. Leaning over she even swung her rose at the opposing Knight, as if that would be of any assist. Her tits very nearly escaped their loosely disguised cleavage. Guiding the battle back toward the arena Todd waves at Paige with an armored kiss farewell. He was so gallant. Lon merely smirked and took another bite of Turkey. This was going well.
For the next ten minutes a battle worthy of the times subsided at a round of dueling horns from both sides. A truce was called and further competitions were arranged. A jousting match is called upon to define the winner.
"Yeah, this really happened." Lonnie grunts coughing into his hand.
"Eat your dinner." Paige winces coldly.
"I remember telling you that like ten thousand times over the years. You still won't eat broccoli."
"Ewww! Green stuff."
"You eat salads."
"But, I like that green stuff."
"Smothered in God knows what."
"Ranch dressing. It reminds me of your..."
"Don't you say it." He boasts his turkey bone defensively.
"COME on..." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"I did that on the bus ride here."
"Now I just need a salad." She giggles returning to Todd on the field. "There's Todd. He's getting ready to joust one of the other meanies."
"That's a really big Lance."
"That's what Guinevere said." She bubbles with giddiness.
"Oh my God!"
"She probably said that too."
"You're killing me Punk."
"I know. Now for some real killing." She rubs her palms together viciously.
"Calm the blood thirsty attitude Hanibelle Lecter."
"You know what I mean Daddy. Now you be quiet." A droll expression sent his way.
"Zipping it! Silent as a Lamb." His brows peak with a sense of worry.
On the field Todd upon his steed circled about with his javelin poised high. A ride around the lot drew cheers of support. Trotting up to Paige, Todd lifts his visor to greet her.
"Having fun Milady?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSS!" She bounces up and down. In her enthusiasm she pulls her cleavage down to show him her tits. It was brief but encouraging. With a chuckle Todd rears his horse up on its hind legs for a resounding whiney.
"I shalt win this competition for Thee."
All around Paige girls were holding their hearts at this charming Rogue. Including a certain Waitress. One of many waitresses if the truth be known. Megan Trudeau fumed at her ex-boyfriend's attentiveness in swaying the na誰ve little redhead. She knew him too well. Todd Faulkner was a cad to be sure. A very charming cad at that. Of many a damsel had he swooned. Aggravated Megan moves in beside Paige to grimly whisper.
"He's really not that good in bed."
Paige fidgets before scowling toward her own adversary. "You must be a spy for the other side."
"What?" Megan winced in shock. "Yeah, that's me. I work for the French." She was born in Canada if that counted. "Where did you meet Todd?"
"He found me on Tender. We were very compatible." Paige huffs with a dedicated nod.
"Everyone on Tender is compatible." A frown with rolled eyes intends to dissuade the redhead. "He found me on Tender too. Of course I already worked here with him. He and I dated for a year. His dick isn't even that big." She measures an estimated with her hands.
"LIAR!" Paige raises her voice then giggles, "It's this big." Another few inches added to Megan's estimate was made known for neighboring tables to view. The waitress turned red at being put on the spot. Lonnie nearly spit out his mouthful of food.
"As nerdy as you are, maybe you should date the Jester."
"If he asks me out I might."
"So you're not dating Todd?"
"Today I am. I'm a free damsel."
"What's with the tablecloth dress? Steal your Grandmother's curtains?"
"I made this especially for Sire Todd."
"Sire?"
"For today Todd is my lord and Master." She proudly lifts her chin.
"Right! He won't call you after today. Mark my words."
"That would be his loss then."
"He might lose his jousting match." Megan points slyly. "Last month his horse threw him off before the lances even impacted."
"Awww! You kiss his booboo's all better?"
"Every single one. It took hours."
"I have all night." Paige sticks her tongue out at Megan. Together they watch the duel come to pass. Todd the victor raises his arms in triumph as the fallen is assisted in getting up. Yet, another ride around the arena found applause gratifying. Circling toward Paige Todd notices Megan talking to her. Reaching the two Todd speaks with his visor down this time to mask his emotions.
"I hope that I have honored you Milady." He lifts Paige's tuft of dress.
"HERE!" Megan bends behind Paige without warning and tears off another seven loosely threaded pieces of her skirt. Tossing the cloth over the wall at Todd, the Waitress storms off with, "HAVE SOME MORE!" Paige instantly felt a breeze. Her entire bare ass was in plain view. Men were drooling. Women felt sorry for Paige having seen Megan's cruelty. Mother's scurrying their children out of her sight lines before ever seeing skin. Lonnie jumped to his feet and became a human shield behind his daughter. Sad that he was getting a hard on in the process.
Sir Todd climbs down from his horse and nudges it aside. Struggling in his confining armor he procures the tufts of cloth and raises them up for Paige to receive. In bending over to obtain them her ass presses against Lonnie's erection. For once the Father stood red in the face. Bad enough Paige wiggled her ass over his tent. Evil little bitch.
"You should probably go patch yourself up before they ask you to leave. I'll deal with Megan." Todd informs finally lifting his visor.
"NOOOOOOO! I want to stay here with you Sire" She pleads. Ego emerging he nodded. He had her just where he wanted her.
"I got this." Lonnie waves down at Todd. Opting to rejoin his ranks Todd told his fellow Knights of his adventure. They would keep an eye out for Megan. As well as Paige. Especially her bare bottom.
The Manager now aware of Megan's treachery swoops in with a tablecloth. In her hurry that was the first thing she could think of to mask the poor girl from gawking patrons.
"I'm soooo sorry. You must be mortified." The manager emoted.
"I'm fine. Wasn't Sir Todd awesome?"
"He sure was Sweetie." A closer look the manager stressed over the girls age. This could be far worse if...
"She's eighteen. Don't panic." Lon informs Donna Calhoun, the manager. A sigh of relief led to a huff in cheeks.
"Would you like to leave Sweetie? I can offer you a free admission for another day."
"NOOOOOO!" Paige pouts. "I'm not leaving."
"She has..."
"Nothing else to wear. All I have is this dress." Paige beats her Father to his revelation of her change in clothing.
"Right! We should have considered a change of clothing. Hurry to get here earlier." Lonnie alters his course. "Table cloth it is."
"NOOOO!" Again Paige stomps her shoe on the concrete.
"We can't allow you to stay dressed as you are Sweetie." Donna frowns with a sympathetic expression.
"Needle and thread anywhere?" Lonnie enquires.
"Actually, Yes we do. Our wardrobe department can fix her dress before our second show. If you would follow me?"
"You stay here Daddy. I'm a big girl now."
Lonnie felt nauseous at the thought of her abandonment. What was she thinking? As she hugs her Father goodbye he feels her hand pinch his erection beneath the draping tablecloth. Yep! Up to no good.
As Donna escorted her through the crowd Paige spots men winking at her, tongues wagging to which she returns their favors. So much fun. Donna had no clue. Taking Paige below the dining area they travel a hallway that leads to a costume department. It was directly next to the Men's changing room. Seeing signs of designation Paige bit her lower lip with enthusiasm.
"Right through here Sweetheart. I'll have out Tailor Tristen fix you right up." Guiding her inside Donna locates the portly elder man who reminded her of Danny DeVito smoking where he shouldn't be. Scolding him Tristin steps on his cigarette putting it out. Hearing of Paige's dilemma he motions her to step behind a fancy room divider to undress. Eying the torn away tufts that Paige had set on a table he grimaces at Donna. Hands in the air defeated Donna expels. "I'll be back to get you Sweetie. I'm going to find Miss Trudeau and remove her from the premises."
"Nooo!' As she often whines Paige leans around the divider showing off her bare shoulder as she hands the dress toward Tristen. "Please don't fire her. She was just jealous of me and Sir Todd." She knew it should have been Sir Todd and I. She just enjoyed playing na誰ve.
"I'll talk with her. If she can apologize to you I won't fire her. Deal?"
"Deal!" Paige fidgets slightly, "It's really nipply in here."
"I'll get you a robe." Tristen waves Donna out. He then snatches up a silky robe for her from a hanger of women's attire. Smirking he grabs the shortest robe he could find, one without a sash. Of course, at 5'1 and a half, the hem still drooped low on Paige. Just his luck. Dirty old man.
Stepping from behind the divider Paige shuffled over to Tristen who set about examining her dress. Grumbling at her sewing technique the jolly short man frowns.
"Not much of a dress here."
"I designed it to look like a bunch of handkerchiefs. I wanted to be the ultimate Damsel."
"That you are." He winks at her as her cleavage splits at the top of her robe due to her decision to sway her arms nervously. Catching herself she feigns a blush stopping the robe from a full frontal exposure.
"Nakie under here." She tilts her gaze shyly.
"I hadn't noticed. Quite daring you are."
"Very daring." She dances up and down on her toes. Her shoes kicked aside behind the divider. "I like teasing Sir Todd."
"I'm quite sure he appreciates it my Dear. This stitching might take some time. You can take a seat over there behind me if you like."
"Okay." She softly exhales. Dancing away Tristen looks over his shoulder. In the silky fabric of the robe every curve she owned was transparent. Teeth gnashed the man found his penis long overdue of activity. It had been awhile.
Positioning a small circular mirror for spying behind him he began threading tufts to the back of her dress. It wouldn't be long before he realized the front was missing too much as well. Unaccounted for he would get even harder.
Bored by waiting Paige notices a curtain ruffle a bit, a barely audible jingle caught her ear. Eyes wide she lifts her glasses at the bridge and smiles. Hiding behind the curtain stood a certain Jester. Niles reminded her of Mister Frank's nephew Robin. Sneaky but cute. Acknowledging him with a flutter of her fingers she fans her robe open playfully. Showing off one tit then the other. The curtain ruffles as she sees the Jester's pants fall to curled shoes. She fought laughter. Nibbling her lower lip Paige eyes Tristen, realizing he had a mirror poised at her. Her hormones went crazy then. Both of them were spying on her. She would play na誰ve, something she was quite fond of. Propping her right leg over the recliner arm she opens her robe for a full exposure. Perfectly angled to let both men enjoy themselves. Teasing Niles with a lifted breast she licks her nipple. Fingers rubbing at her clit.
"FUCK!" Tristen stabs his finger with a needle. She quickly straightens up her robe in case he turned around. She knew she had been the cause of his wound. Let him believe she had no idea he was a peeping tom thumb. As he sucked his finger of blood he dried his finger on his slacks. Returning to his sewing she grew bolder. That robe was coming off. Laying there she taunts Jester Niles further, prying her pussy lips wide to offer a juicy tunnel of lust. Seeing the curtain dance she was pretty sure he was jerking off. A vivid smile she blew him a kiss. In touching herself she eyed Tristen with an evil grin.
Fingers enter her pussy for a steady entrance, exit, entrance, departure. The Oldman faked his sewing just to watch her finger herself. He dearly wanted to jerk off himself. It wasn't often, okay never that a sweet young girl masturbated in front of him. Behind him even.
A round of trumpets sounded forcing Tristen to lift his gaze.
"First show is over. The actors will be coming down to shower." The Tailor sighs.
"Right next door?" Paige softly asks, not bothering to cover herself this time. Fingers still frolicking within.
"Yep! Nobody should bother us. Maybe I'll lock the door just in case." He takes the short stroll without looking at her. Locking up one door he begins to head behind the curtains for the secondary door. This one leading directly into the locker room showers. The door that Niles had snuck in through.
"Mister Tristen?" She halts him. Deciding to turn he found her standing right behind him, her robe closed. "Can we leave that door unlocked?" He discovered her lustful gaze could make an old man stupid.
"Sure!"
"And, open wide?" She holds a beguiling chin to her left shoulder.
"If you wish."
Swallowing harshly he opens the door and kicks a chock under it for support. Returning to his alterations he watches her curiosity grow. Nibbling a fingernail she lets her robe filter open. Growling at the tightness in his underwear Tristen dedicates his mind to finishing the job at hand. Niles the Jester following suit, his palms delightfully destroying his seven inch pecker. Paige had now taken a walk toward him seductively, still nibbling her nail. Reaching his concealed area she looks around to see him jacking off feverishly. Nerves killing him. With a whisper she shatters his fears.
"I think the Jester wants to fuck me."
Nodding without waver Niles agreed. Haunted by her flirtations he stroked like a mad man. His tiny bells jingling made Niles grit his teeth. By now Tristen knew something was up. He ignored it in hopes to see more of this luscious little redhead.
During his brewing nut Niles hesitated, hearing the Knights returning from battle and shedding armor. Boasting of swordsmanship she hears Todd and dances in step. Leaving Niles with a kiss to his crown out of excitability she hides behind the choked door to witness the men stripping down. There was Sir Todd in all of his magnificence. The man was built like a linebacker. Paige played with her pussy behind the door. Niles jerked. Tristen pricked his finger a second time. GOOD GOD ALMIGHTY!
Inspiration prompts Paige to remove her robe and bundle it for a toss. Awaiting Todd to pass by nude toward the showers she throws it at his feet. Nearly stepping on it Todd kneels to pick it up. Eying the door he sees Paige between the hinges, waving at him with damp fingers. Eyes wide, Todd stands up and faces her, stroking his cock smugly. Seeing him, other disrobed Knights tease him until they see Paige. A gathering of testosterone leads to Todd curling a finger to call her in. The Knights verbally expelling their disbelief.
"Hi." She stands shyly in the doorway. "Is this where the damsels are distressed?"
"Kneel." Todd points at his feet boldly.
"Yes Sire." She shuffles forth with her hands held behind her back until she drops carefully to her knees, looking up at him with puppy dog eyes.
"Holy Fuck Faulkner. Who's this?" A Knight gets the jitters.
"Servant girl. We all need a little service don't we? After a long grueling war."
Before they could huff any approvals or declaration of stupid moves, the hear a loud snarl. Within the fitting room Niles had shot his load. Three Knights took it upon themselves to investigate. Discovering Niles they roughly escort him into the locker room, pants dragging beneath him.
"That was the Jester." She softly admits.
"Nerdy Niles." One guy goads him. "Jack off in a box?" He looks to other Knights. Gruffly they pick him up and toss him in a dirty towel bin. Paige felt badly for him until Niles jumped up quickly removing towels with a disgusted expression. She had to giggle. Masking her mouth she apologizes silently for Niles to witness.
"Gallant Knights? Hear me! This fair maiden I hath found from a far off kingdom known as Tender. She has heard my call to bear...charms. Bare everything else." The door to the costume department shuts behind them. Tristen wanted no part in this going forth. That and he needed privacy to jerk off on his own.
Laughter filled the room as Todd wags his eight inch stallion in front of Paige's yearning gaze.
"Tell yon Knights of the Table Round what you want of them."
"I want what Sire Todd wants." She expresses shyly teasing her nipples.
"What do you want Bro?" A Knight invades his space.
"Twenty handkerchiefs were offered to us, were they not?"
A congregation of "Yeah!" echoed briefly.
"A promise kept. Is that not correct Milady?"
"I want a 21 lance salute." She yelps proudly. The chosen reaction. "WHOA!"
"Round the table Noblemen." Todd motions as five men circle Paige encouraging their towels from their waists to reveal their weapons of choice. Paige brightened her eyes at six poised yet very dull swords. Each closing in on her head. Hands went to work stroking two men to her sides. Todd nurturing his cock toward her mouth to be greedily accepted. For the next ten minutes she went from cock to cock sucking and jerking them off. As they shoot loads more men replace them. Nearing time for their second show an echoed countdown was overheard via loud speaker. Todd was far from done. She still had dicks to suck, Paige not remotely tiring of her admirable efforts. She was as bubbly as ever.
Hearing a knock on the side door they hear their Manager Donna Calhoun speak out. "What's going on in there?"
"Just getting dressed Queen Donna." Todd chuckles. "Might need some help if you wanna volunteer." On the other side of the door Donna Calhoun even in her mid 40's found her hormones escalated by testosterone. If she could she would. Cougar that she was. Not today, she had a missing customer without a dress. FUCK IT!
Hearing the door unlock from the other side Todd bulged his eyes, swiftly helping Paige to her feet. Passing her down the line she gets tossed in with the prisoner Niles, still captive in the dungeon of towels. Landing on Niles Paige smiles at him. Her hand immediately went down the front of his pants. The poor boy was getting in the last laugh.
Costumed Knights move in formation to block their nudist Brotherhood, those already serviced and showered. Entering Donna looks about, knowing this was not her brightest move. Sexual harassment in the workplace was a demon in heat. Seeing only bare butts behind the blockade she scowls.
"Anyone here seen...of course not."
"One of these?" Todd moves between his partners to show off his cock. Donna lowers her gaze then fans herself.
"NO! NOT ONE OF THOSE! FOR GOD'S SAKE TODD."
"You barged in on us Chief. To arms Brothers." The Knights part ways letting Donna see ten rock hard cocks. She nearly fainted. Covering her eyes she retires slamming the door behind her. It was then Donna heard Tristen snarl. Rolling her eyes she shook off her dilemma and headed back upstairs.
In passing a certain Waitress who had been hiding sneaks behind her and enters the Costume Department door. Catching a glimpse of Tristen zipping up she winces, "Ewww!" From there she barges right into the locker room.
"Todd? We need to talk."
Megan is yanked inside by Todd as the door slams behind her, eyes wide as he kisses her hard on the lips. Shocked she cups his cheeks and devours him. She had missed her Knight. As he rubbed her back she felt the zipper of her dress lower, revealing her bare back. In her enjoyment of his lust she withdrew into her own private ecstasy. Her dress tugged down over revealed 36C's led further down to her hips. She was felt up instantly and whimpered into his mouth her pleasure. Quietly, most of the Knights escaped the locker room giving their Leader time to himself. She knew they were there, then gone. It was then that he encouraged Megan's uniform to the floor. In only her slippers she jumps up into his mighty arms and clings to him. He carries the brunette beauty further into the locker room and guides her on to a bench. Not the most comfy of beds but she stretched back to gaze up at her Sir. Todd stroking his beast to life poised a finger for her to wait. With a sly wink he goes to his locker and brings out a blindfold. Teasing her by dangling it over her nose she giggles. She used to play these games when they were a couple. She lifts up allowing him to blind her, tying it behind her head.
"I've missed you Megan." He whispers.
She shivers as he stands up, "I love you Todd."
In her emotional retreat Todd looks over at the towel bin spots Paige and a grinning Niles peeking up over it. Todd quickly lifts Paige out standing her on the floor without a sound.
"Todd?" Megan stirs.
"Sit tight. Looking in my locker for something."
"Okay!" The brunette smiles and teases her clit.
Niles carefully climbs out as Todd snatches him up by his shirt. The hat's bells faintly jingling. Gritting their teeth at the unexpected noise Niles and Paige duck behind lockers. Todd swiping the Jester hat just as Megan lifts her blindfold. Acting disappointed Todd scowls.
"Don't ruin the moment."
"You're going to make love to me wearing a Jester's hat?"
"Shits and wiggles." He winks.
"Fine! Get over here Kind Sir." The blindfold lowers. The second she can't see Todd snatches Niles up and whispers into his ear. The Jester brightened up and hesitantly disrobed in front of Todd. Encouraged in wearing only the hat Niles admired the gorgeous Megan. She had always been his young Anne Hathaway. Kneeling in front of Megan he began eating her pussy. Todd wanted to laugh but his attention swiftly went toward Paige at his hip. Motioning for her to follow him he took her into a secondary locker room. Lifting her off her feet he primed his cock into her pink little pussy.
"I've wanted you since the day I watched your video on Tender." He whispered.
"I've wanted you since the day you messaged me. Fuck me Sire." She nibbles her lower lip with a yearning expression. That he did. He had to muffle her moans with the first piece of cloth he could find. Realizing what it was that he stuffed into her mouth he nearly died. It was Megan's thong that she had tossed at him in the arena. The taste in Paige's mouth seemed pleasurable regardless. He fucked her hard. In his carrying of her 100 pound body they nearly knock over a rack of shields stored there.
From the other room they hear Megan howling at the wolf's feasting. Niles was obviously talented. They could still hear the tiny bells jingling. Megan had a screaming orgasm never knowing it was Niles. Not even when Niles pulled her up and held her by the hips as he fucked her doggy style. She was too na誰ve to notice his dicks curvature was different than Todd's. Girth similar helped. Niles was relentless.
Whimpering as her eyes rolled back, Paige Turner was ready for an orgasm of her own. Todd's hand clamped over hers and pinching her nose she squeals and trembles like a leaf. Her pussy clenching around his mighty steed for every lasting sensation. He knew he needed to pull out before he lost control. Forcing her to uncurl her legs about his waist he silently brought her to her knees. With a maddening ejaculation he storms her face with catapults of cum droplets. He made a mess of her for a second time today.
Calming her as he hears Megan have a second screaming orgasm they tiptoe into the other locker room as Niles prepares to fire off his own arrows of lust. Motioning Paige to the side door found open suddenly, Todd creeps behind Niles giving him a giddy thumbs up of respect. Motioning him to finish quietly he allows the Jester to cum on Megan's tanned little ass. Todd growling out loud for Niles for effect made Megan coo. The second Niles finished peppering her anal cavity Todd snatches off his hat and pushes him away.
Joining Paige in the doorway the two scurry out. Once outside the locker room, Niles leers at Paige with her mouth still full. Pinching a dangled string on the thong he removes it with an expression of awe. Her eyes bulged too. Niles uses it to wipe Todd's cum from her face. Giggling they hurry out to find Tristen holding up her new dress. He had added tufts everywhere in his alone time. She got dressed and admired herself in the mirror. A burst of enthusiasm she gives the Tailor a hug. A pinch to his still bulging erection made him sigh.
"Thank you." She makes the portly man melt.
Dressed now both Paige and her Jester leave the Costume Department, leaving Tristen Megan's soiled thong. Poor guy sniffed it not knowing of Todd's jizz. Niles asked her out on a date. Of course she said yes. After graduation of course.
Five minutes earlier, back inside the locker room Todd Faulkner removed Megan's blindfold and let her turn around to feed on his cocks leftovers, knowing damned well she was going to taste Paige Turner all over him. The bitch was just plain dumb. She loved it. He was one smug Knight. Luckily, he didn't get fired for not showing up for the second performance. Donna the manager knew that after waltzing into the armory that she had no say anymore. Todd was the SIR. He might let the other Knights fuck Megan just like Niles had. Faulkner was just that evil. He would text Paige later. Of course, she wanted more. The redhead was insatiable.
Returning to her table upstairs Paige found her Father kicked back, arms folded. People were leaving in masses.
"You done finally?"
"Best one knight stand...ever." She giggles.
"Uh huh! I saw you kissing the Jester."
"He makes me laugh."
"That's his job."
"Nice patchwork job." He stands to examine her dress. "At least you aren't walking out of here with your ass showing."
"I can lift my skirt." She teases him with a brief moon.
"We have free passes for another time." He waves coupons in front of her.
"I've had enough for one knight." She winks.
"Other knights."
"Oh yeah! Okay, we can come back."
"It is called CAME ALOT isn't it?"
"You're so goofy Daddy."
"Let's go home Gwenarear."
"It's Guinev--ohhh, I get it. Daddy likes my ass. Daddy likes my ass." She wiggles mooning him a second time, a slap on her bottom ends her chant with a gleeful squeal. Rubbing his chin as he follows her out he nodded in agreement.
Yes he did. No joke.
Even as they passed the Jester.