One

Sam and I arrived at the coffee shop,Northside Cafe.
The cafe was packed with the standard Saturday morning fare.
Sam and I ordered a couple of coffees.
Sam and I then looked for an open table but there were none.
We saw this lone girl sitting at a table reading by herself: some inordinately large Brandon Sanderson fantasy tome.
Sam approached her
"Is it alright if we sit here?'' he asked.
"Sure thing." she responded, as she kept her eyes in her book.
Sam and I sat down next to this androgenous person reading their thick book.
Sam and I pulled out our laptops and notebooks.
I could not help but to look at this mysterious character we were sitting next to.
She had short, curly, dirty blonde hair, was wearing tight light blue leggings, and an oversized white sweatshirt with the sleeves rolled up-- which revealed her heavily tattooed arms.
The tattoos were a mixture of plants, animals, birds, tribal patterns, and cartoon characters.
She was a very skinny girl. She looked like one of those sexy suicide girls that you see in porn.
This figure confused me. I guess I had never seen a suicide girl in real life.
She was wearing clear square framed glasses, like the ones that the soccer coach Jurgon Klopp wears, giving her a smart and sexy vibe.
I was intrigued. It was as if I was sitting next to some mysterious figure of mythology.
Luckily, the suicide girl was deep in her book, and was oblivious to my glances.
Sam noticed my wandering eyes and smiled.
"Alright Cristina, let's focus, do you have any books you really want to teach this year."

Two

Sam and I outlined a good base teaching plan for the year, and we decided on the novels we wanted to teach:Gatsby,One Hundred Years, andThe Road.
Sam had to leave to make his spin class.
"Alright, I have to call it for now, see you Cristina."
"Bye Sam."
High off my coffee buzz, I decided to stay at the cafe and maybe read or think about my boring life as a teacher.
I retrieved a book from my bag.
"Is it cool if I still share this table with you and read?" I asked the pornographic nymph.
She looked up from her book for the first time.
I was struck by her big feline eyes.
"Sure, why not," she said with a smile, "it is always good to have a reading buddy."
Her blue pupils hid behind the cat like slits.

Three

Together the nymph and I sat and read in silence,
The ambiance of the coffee shop cooled as the morning rush ended. There was still the subtle cafe background noise of cups clattering; coffee beans being blended; and the gentle chit chat of other patrons.

Four

I tried to read my book, but it was more interesting to watch the girl across from me read.
I knew no one like her.
She noticed.
The mysterious girl looked up from her book and smiled:
"Is everything alright?"
I blushed in my awkwardness, the jig was up.
"Oh, yeah, I'm just thinking about stuff."
"What are you thinking about?" She asked.
"Oh, nothing really, just teacher stuff."
"Oh, I see," she said, "I couldn't help but to eavesdrop on you and your friend, I think you guys decided on good books, Marquez is my favorite-- My name is Kale by the way"
My name is Cristina
she stretched out her hand to shake mine.
Her hand was soft.
The softness of the girl's lotioned hand contrasted from the tattoos that serpentined up her arm.
" I like Marquez as well." I said. "Hey Kale, I know I don't know you, but is alright if I ask you a rude question?"
"Sure, sure," Kale said with a grin, "you are wondering if I am a boy or a girl, but you don't want to be an asshole."
I blushed, "well yeah, that about sums it up."
"I am just a pretty boy."'
Surprised, I smiled, "yes, you are, and again-- I am sorry for my rudeness."
"No worries, it happens all the time. If anything I appreciate your frankness."

Five

Kale and I sat together some more and read in silence.
"Alright Cristina, it has been fine reading with you, but it's time for me to go. Do you have any other rude questions you want to ask," he said with a laugh.
"I don't, and sorry, I didn't mean--"
Kale cut me off
"Here Cristina, I wrote down my number on a piece of paper, I want you to have it."
Kale handed me a piece of paper with his number and a smiley face on it.
"We should sit together and read again sometime."
My hand made contact with his soft hand as he passed me the paper. .
"Thanks Kale, I'm pretty busy this week, but maybe sometime next weekend."
"I would love that."
I watched the suicide girl figure of Kale, in tights in an oversized hoodie, leave the cafe.

Six

I thought about Kale.
I knew no one like him.
The pornographically sexy girl of a boy.

Seven

The next Saturday I arrived at the cafe thirty minutes early to meet Kale and he was already there sitting in a corner reading some different thick Sanderson book.
Kale was wearing his clear, oversized, Jurgon Klopp frames, short boy shorts, and an oversized white nirvana T that showed off his colorful bracelets and skinny tattooed arms.
Kale's short shorts showed off his skinny tattooed legs, also tattooed all over with a mixture of plants, animals, and cartoon characters.
"Hey Kale."
"Hey Cristina," Kale stood up..
"I love your outfit by the way," I said, "one day I'll dress as cool as you."
He laughed, "I see we are both early people.".
I laughed too
"Alright, well let's go order some caffeine to tweak out"
I followed Kale to counter to order, still checking out his skinny body and tattoos.
I noticed on the back of his hamstrings he had bows tattooed, very girly.
Kale and I ordered the biggest and blackest coffees available.

Eight

Kale and I pulled out our books.
We sipped our coffees and read in a friendly silence.
Halfway through my coffee, I broke the silence:
"Hey Kale, how old are you by the way."
"Let's play a game. If you had to guess, how old would you say I am?"
"Like a very young looking twenty seven ish?"
Kale laughed, "I'm twenty three."
"Oh my god," I said with a laugh, "now how old do you think I am?"
"Twenty five?"
I laughed:
"Try ten years more, I'm thirty five."
"Wow! you look amazing!" Kale said with a smile
"Thanks, I think running does a good job to keep me fit and young."
"I bet, I wish I could get into running but I am such a string bean."
I laughed:
"We should go running some time, maybe, I could give you some tips."
"I would love that."
"It's crazy," I said, "here we are sitting together, a twelve year difference between us, hanging out."
Kale looked at me:
"Do you mind?"
"No, I guess I don't. The question is do you mind hanging out and being seen with an old lady like me."
Kale laughed:
"I don't mind one bit. I like you, you seem cool."
(I was taken aback by Kale, the cool, tattooed, suicide girl-- calling me cool).
"Thanks, I try."
"Well that settles that," said Kale, "we are officially friends then, now shut up so I can read."
We both laughed and went back to ignoring each other.

Nine

Later that week I texted Kale to see if he wanted to go running with me.
Kale said yes. We met up at this nearby lake that has a good running trail.
Kale arrived dressed in short pink running shorts and a matching oversized pink Melvin's t-shirt.
Kale and I ran around the lake together. I slowed my pace so that Kale could keep up.
My sexy, pink, suicide girl.
It was a hot day and Kale took his shirt off revealing his skinny, toned, pale, tattooed body.
My suicide girl of a boy was now just short of naked.
For a while I let Kale lead the pace and run in front of me as I watched his hamstrings and athletic butt.
Kale and I finished our run and found an open field to stretch in.
While we stretched, a group of young girls walked by. I noticed the girls stare at Kale, and molest him with their eyes.
Kale didn't notice, he was too busy stretching.

Ten

Late the next Friday night I was at home sitting on my couch watching Netflix when Kale called
"Hey Cristina, there is a Metallica cover band that's supposed to be pretty awesome playing tonight downtown, do you want to be my buddy and go?

Eleven

I arrived at the venue and met up with Kale outside who quickly hugged me and thanked me for coming and pulled me by the hand inside.
Kale pulled me by the hand to the bar and we ordered a couple of drinks. He ordered a Tito's and Sugar Free Red Bull.
I copied him.
Kale pulled me by my hand to the front where we danced and head banged.
Things got wonky. We drank more and more and the Metallica songs meshed together.
The cover band was really good, it was just as good as being front row at a Metallica concert for all I was concerned.
Kale and I had five drinks each.

Twelve

"Oh my god I'm so drunk," Kale said.
"How are you going to get home," I asked.
(Someone had to be an adult).
"I was just going to Uber-- shit-- it's like $75 right now to get home."
"Holy cow, that is insane. I live close by, you can totally come over and sleep on the couch or something if you want?"
"Really? I don't want to-- "
"Really!"

Thirteen

Kale and I arrived-- borderline black out drunk-- to my apartment
I led Kale past the front desk guy and up to my eighth floor apartment.
"Oh my God, your apartment is so cute." Kale said, as he jumped on my couch..
I Kale up and gave him a tour of my apartment. He was amazed with my closet and all my girly and women's clothes.
"This one's cute, I don't know about this, this one's meh, you should throw this one away."
I laughed as Kale drunkenly went through my wardrobe.
"Oooh, I really like this one,'' Kale said as he pulled out a black short skirt."
"I have an idea, you should let me dress you."
I grabbed the black short skirt, some mid thigh black wool socks, and an oversized comfy light grey knitted sweater
"Here try this on."
Kale went into my bathroom and changed. Meanwhile, I went to the kitchen and poured a couple of glasses of water.
Kale came out of my bedroom in my cute, emo, girly outfit.
"Fuck Kale, you look good!" I exclaimed
Kale laughed and gave me a twirl. Kale really would have been a stupidly sexy girl. He had that edgy emo suicide girl thing going on.
I couldn't help but stare at his tattooed thighs, in between thigh heights and his short skirt.
"Wait," I said, "I know what the final cherry on top is."
I ran to my room and grabbed a thick black collared choker
"Hell yes, I love it, '' Kale said as I clipped the choker to his neck.
"You look fucking sexy as fuck now-- I can't even," I said with a laugh, "I'm so jealous.".
"Alright your turn now," Kale said as he twirled one more time and ran to my closet, sliding on the wooden floors in his black socks.
Kale came out of my closet with a white tennis skirt, thigh high white socks, and a off-white crew neck sweater
"Here you go babe, strip and suit up."
Kale handed me the clothes
I dressed and came out of the closet.
"Yes Cristina, my sexy tennis girl! Hold on," and Kale put a white baseball cap on my head.
"There we go, the ball boy at the country club is going to slobber all over you," he said with a laugh.
"Here," I said, "let's take a picture."
I pulled Kale back into my bedroom and we posed together in front of my body length mirror.

Fourteen

"That was fun, well what do you want to do now? We could watch a movie or something?"
"I don't know, I'm like super drunk, but also super caffeinated," Kale said with a smile
"Same, you're totally right, I haven't felt like this in a long long time."
"The magic of Tito's and Red BuIl," Kale said, would you be down to watch a scary movie,"
"Yes! You choose the movie, and I'll get the blankets."
I ran to my room and got my pink comforter and some pillows and brought them to my suicide girl.

Fifteen

Kale and I decided on watching The Conjuring.
We were so drunk the movie was extra sinister.
Kale and I huddled together on the couch, our bodies pressed together, as we screamed and shook in terror together.
I had never seen The Conjuring before so I was extra scared.
I gripped my femboy in fear.
By the time the movie was over it was well past three in the morning.
"Well, I guess it's time," Kale yawned as he sprawled out on the couch, "that movie was fucked up by the way."
"Yeah, that was super scary," I replied, "hey, you don't have to sleep on the couch, I mean my bed is pretty big, I mean, if it's not weird with you."
"Sure, I don't mind, I mean, as long as it's not weird with you."
We transitioned to my bed and layed down.
Kale's hands immediately found mine
We began to playfully touch and feel each other.
"Thanks for coming along to the concert with me," Kale said, "I had a really good time."
"You're welcome, I had a really good time too."
We cuddled up next to each other, touching and caressing one another, and we drunkenly fell asleep.

Sixteen

That morning I awoke with Kale's tattooed arms around me, my head in the knook of his armpit.
I layed still and pulled his arms tighter around me.

Seventeen

I woke up again, about an hour later, light shining into my room through the venetian blinds.
Kale yawned and shifted his body.
I turned in his arms letting Kale know I was awake. He was shirtless, in just his cute black skirt and choker.
"Good morning cutie," I whispered.
"And good morning to you, how did you sleep?"
"Pretty good," I said, "I thought I was going to have nightmares from the movie last night, but I didn't."
"Yeah, me neither. It probably has something to do with sleeping with another person."
"Yeah," I said, "probably."
"-- hey Kale, can I ask you another possibly offensive question?"
"Sure, what's up?"
"Do you, I mean, are you attracted to boys or girls?"
"I'm attracted to some boys, but for the most part, I'm attracted to girls."
"Ok, just wondering. Does that mean, I mean, do you find me attractive? I mean I'm a girl, albeit somewhat older?"
Kale looked into my eyes
"Yes I'm attracted to you, I mean, we are in the same bed and I'm wearing your clothes," he said with a laugh.
"You know what I mean," I said. "And you look fucking great by the way.".
"Thanks," said Kale.
"Well, then, how come we didn't, last night, ya know?"
"I wasn't sure if you wanted to," Kale said.
"I did, I mean do, I mean, I would-- do you?"
"Hell yes," Kale responded, his lips quickly finding mine.
A quick nibble.
"I'm a little hung over though."
"Yeah, me too," I said with a laugh, "too hungover to dick me down?"
Kale laughed, "how about we go get coffee, and then come back here," he said with a second kiss.

Eighteen

Kale and I didn't bother to change out of our dress up outfits.
Kale and I walked hand in hand to the Starbucks down the street, dressed in our skirts
It was so sexy seeing little Kale disguised as a girl.
We walked past a couple of gym bros who checked Kale out. They totally give him 'fuck me' eyes.
If only they knew.
Then again, I can't blame them: Kale looked like a sexy emo girl.
Together we looked like a lesbian couple.
We arrived at the Starbucks still holding hands. Kale ordered two black coffee's from a cute barista-- who was also flustered by Kale.
It was exciting seeing men drool over this young boy.
We finished and Kale kissed me. We then walked back to my apartment

Nineteen

Kale's mouth was moist and fruity. My hands went to his body and traced his skinny tattooed arms.
"Strip," Kale commanded and I obeyed
Kale's hand moved up and down my body and squeezed me.
Kale kissed me more.
My hands found his neck and played with my choker that collared him.
(My sweet, young, sexy, suicide girl).
Kale bit my lower lip and pulled me onto the bed.
Naked, I straddled Kale's hips in my black skirt.
I could feel Kale through the skirt..
We kissed and Kale played with me, his lean skinny body drove me insane.
I reached down between our legs and found Kale through his skirt.
I fondled him through the feminine clothing.
My hand pulled his skirt up around his waist and slid under his light blue Bad Bunny briefs.
My fingers touched Kale's skin and he moaned into my mouth.
"Fuck, your so hot," I moaned into him.
Kale deftly moved his hands down my body and fingered me-- as I stroked him.
We masturbated each other with care, our lips still connected.
Kale's lips moved to my neck as we abused each other
"Fuck, I can't take it anymore," I said.
I slid Kale's briefs down further, pulled my panties to the side and moved Kale to the outside of my sex.
I pulled Kale's skirt up around his waist.
I guided Kale into me as we kissed with nectar. Kale's hands moved to my face and neck as I slid him in.
Kale kissed my neck as I rode him.
The wetness of our lips and the witness of our sensitivity made a full concentric circle.
Kale gripped me and touched me all over.
I fingered my black leather collar around his neck.
(My girly fuck toy).
Kale moved my hands around his neck and I choked him.
Kale's weight rocked under me.
He humped me in rhythm-- driving himself deeper.
I choked Kale harder as we fucked.
I could tell Kale liked to be choked: I gripped him tighter.
He moaned as I controlled him and rode him into the bed.
I power fucked my cute emo girl into the sheets.
Kale moaned, making all the noise.
My apartment neighbor could hear him through the thin walls .
Kale's moans turned me on.
(Men never moan enough).
I continued to ride and choke my little suicide girl.
My pornographic nymph-- I bent Kale and fucked him in every conceivable fashion.
I watched Kale's skinny body writhe as I pinned him down and took him.
I controlled my little girl as he moaned and as he finished all over his fit stomach.
We then showered together and sponged each other's bodies off with care.

Twenty

Post shower: Kale stood naked in my bathroom; hickies and bruises on his skinny neck, which blended with his tattoos, on display for my ravenous eyes.
"What are you up to the rest of the day Cristina?"
"Not much," I replied, "how about you?"
"Not much either."
"I guess we are hanging out some more then," I said with a grin.
"I guess so."
"Ooo, we should keep our dress up game going and go to the mall."
"Yes, totally!" Kale said, "you know what would be hot."
"What?"
"If we switched outfits."

Twenty One

Kale and I arrived at the mall. Kale dressed in my white tennis skirt, my white sweater with the sleeves rolled up, sexy white mid-thigh socks, and a white baseball hat.
The skirt was short and revealed Kale's tattooed hamstrings and quads.
I dressed in my black skirt, grey sweater, black choker, and black socks.
It was crazy how much attention Kale got as we moved through the mall.
Male employees were hypnotized by Kale's skinny tattooed thighs.
And the hickies on his neck.
Kale would have been given a bunch of phone numbers if he didn't occasionally touch me or hold my hand.

Twenty Two

Kale and I snuck into the dressing room of Urban Outfitters together as we tried on cute dresses, overpriced band t-shirts, and skimpy underwear.
I felt like a college kid.
Kale had me put on a young, revealing, very festival crop top and pink short shorts-- clothing I had retired ten years ago.
"Fuck," Kale said, "you look so sexy."
I felt so alive in this small five by five space with this girl of a boy.
Kale and I kissed and fondled each other in the dressing room.
Impulsively, I got onto my knees and put my head under Kale's skirt. I put him into my mouth and gave him thanks with my lips.
Luckily the Urban Outfitter's wasn't too busy, and the shity, hipster-- Neutral Milk-- music was inordinately loud.
I teased, caressed, sucked, licked, spit, and did all manner of nasty things to my cute femboy.
I jerked Kale with one hand and sucked him as he moaned and nectar poured in my mouth.
It tasted bad, but I was so turned on, I didn't mind.
Kale and I snuck out of the dressing room, one at a time, without detection.
As we walked out of the store a cute boy working at the store began to flirt with Kale; the boy I just made cum...

Twenty Three

Before we left the mall I bought Kale a revealing pink short skirt and a pair of pink panties. Kale was offended when I refused to let him pay for the clothes.
"Don't worry about it Kale, they're more so for me than they are for you anyway," I said with a wink.

Twenty Four

The next time we hung out, I texted Kale and told him to wear the short pink skirt.
Kale and I met at a different cafe. He dressed in the pink skirt, as I commanded, and his white Nirvana t.
Kale looked incestous.
I cancelled our plans and we went straight back to my apartment.
"Hey Kale, you should let me paint your nails."
"Sure Cristina, I would love that, what color?"
"How about a light pink?"
"Yeah, that sounds perfect."

Twenty Five

I painted Kale's nails pink, completing his juvenile vibe.
I kissed Kale as his nails were drying.
Kale kept his hands on the table while I kissed him and caressed him.
"Don't move your hands," I teased, "here, I know what will finish the ensemble.
I collared Kale again; this time with a thick pink choker.
"You love to collar me," Kale pointed out.
"Yes, that's how I know you are my pet," I said with a teasing smile.
I kissed Kale some more as he kept his hands free and away.
I groped him through the jail bait pink skirt.
I kissed and fondled him.
I kissed Kale's neck as he moaned-- and gave him hickies that completed his incesty vibe.
"There, now you look like sex," I said.
I grabbed Kale's pink collar and guided him to my bedroom.
I pushed Kale to my bed. He awkwardly fell, keeping his pink nail polish away from the sheets.
I climbed down next to him and my mouth mound his..
I touched my femboy, powerless, with the polish on his hands.
I touched him all over.
Helpless, I masturbated Kale through his panties and skirt.
He was already pulsating, fully erect, his hips matching the rhythm of my hand.
Kale's sex pressed against the thin small cloth of the panties.
I felt the witness of his tip permeate through the cloth.
"You're such a sexy girl," I moaned into Kale's lips.
"Yes, please, Cristina," Kale moaned.
"You're my sexy little girlfriend."
"Fuck, I want you so bad right now," Kale moaned back.
"Be a good girl for me and say please," I commanded.
"Please, Cristina, I'll be a good girl, I promise, you can do whatever you want to me."
I slid my shorts and pantied down and stradled Kale.
I humped into his skirted pelvis.
I slid his skirt up around his waist. Now there was just Kale's thin pink panties between his desire and my own.
I slid myself against the thin cloth.
All the while, Kale carefully kept his hands up and away from our bodies.
The panties between us became wet
"Fuck, I'm so horny, please Cristina."
"Shh, you said you would be a good girl."
I reached down between our bodies and placed my hand between us. Kale humped into my hand.
I added strokes of my hand to our outercourse.
"Fuck Cristina, that feels so good," Kale moaned, "I think I am going to cum."
"Don't cum yet, my pretty girl, my girlfriend; not yet."
Kale's hips writhed under my body, as I humped and stroked him.
"Please, I can't help it, please."
"No my slutty girlfriend, not yet."
My suicide girl humped into-- in agony; the agony of forced patience and bodily desire in combat.
I could feel Kale fail in his attempt to restrain himself.
I felt a wetness grow from Kale's tip, and spread through the tiny pink panties.
Kale moaned loudly as his legs spasmed.
Kale quivered and humped into me as his panties became soaked.
"There there, Kale, good girl," I whispered, "it's alright, good girl."