I have not published in several years. I thought that I had recounted all the major events of my naked development, but I recalled a series of events recently that occurred many years ago. These happened before my modeling episodes.
My wife and I had purchased a second home on a lake in the Northeast. It was in a development that had a private beach about a half mile from the house.
At the time, the development was about half done. It was not at all crowded, but busy enough in the warmer weather.
I was having trouble sleeping one night. I got up about 3 A.M. and went onto my patio. Since my teenage years I have always slept naked and so I was standing there feeling the warm breeze blowing over my nude body.
I was recalling some of my earlier naked adventures when the thought occurred to me, I wonder if I could walk to the beach and swim in the lake completely naked. I started planning how I could pull this off, how long it would take me to walk there and back, what route would I take, what would I bring with me, etc. I came up with a plan the following day.
I always wake up one or two times to pee during the night. So, on my first trip to the bathroom the next night, about 2:30 A.M., I went to the patio again, taking a beach towel from the laundry room with me and a pair of sneakers that I intentionally left by the door the evening before. I paused to make sure all was quiet in the house. It was. The adventure began.
I walked through the woods behind my house, crossed a small road, into more woods and onto another road. I walked up that road, turned right onto another road and into more woods. As I walked, I was careful about houses that I passed that had lights on, making sure nobody was looking out as I passed them. Emerging from the last section of woods led to another short road and then the beach road. There I faced what appeared to be a dangerous obstacle. I had to cross the beach parking lot and an open grass field to get to the beach. It was well lit and bordered by many houses, some of which had lights on.
I decided to go for it and use my towel as a shield just in case somebody was still awake. I made it to the beach and waited to hear if there was any activity due to my crossing. All was quiet. So, I went for brief swim, came out, dried off, and returned by the same route.
When I got home, I quietly slipped into bed, I believe undetected. The whole trip took about 30 minutes. I had a prearranged an excuse for my wife if she said anything: 'I couldn't sleep, so, I went downstair so as not to disturb you'.
Thinking about it the next day, I decided that it was a fun adventure and I would try it again, but make it a bit more daring. I wouldn't take a towel and rather than taking a shortcut through the woods I would use mostly roads where I would be more exposed.
A few nights later, I awoke about 4:00 A.M. and decided to do it again.
Leaving the patio, I went to the front of my house. I carefully crossed a lighted parking area, walked over a grass berm and onto the main road of the development. I walked along it a short distance and took a right onto the a road that was part of my original route. I walked this road to a final section of woods, onto a short road, and then the beach road. I boldly walked across the beach parking area and the grass field with no towel protecting me and onto the beach.
I took off my sneakers and went into the water. I took my time swimming around this time, enjoying the freedom and the feel of being naked in the water. I came out of the water after 10 or 15 minutes and hit my first snag of the adventure. I had no towel and no means to dry off. I didn't want my wet feet to go into my sneakers. So, I stood on the beach drip drying for 5 or so minutes. I was becoming concerned that I was going to be out of the house a lot longer than the first time. It had taken a bit longer to walk here, I had spent a lot more time in the water than the first time and now I waited to dry off.
I was thinking about this and then realized my second snag. I was looking at the eastern sky and saw that it was beginning to brighten. Dawn was coming. I hadn't realized how early dawn came here in the summer.
I put my sneakers on even though I was still damp and started my journey home. While crossing the parking area, I realized my third snag. I could hear several cars in the distance. I hadn't thought about people rising early to go to work. I also, noticed more houses with lights on.
It took me even longer to walk home, but I was determined to return the same way I came. I was more cautious passing the increased number of houses with lights on and I had to delay walking a couple of times to allow cars to pass where I had to go. The sky above was brightening. There was no more hiding in the shadows. I walked across the parking area in front of my house, clearly visible now and hoping no neighbors were awake. I slipped through the patio door and quietly went upstairs and into bed. It had taken me over an hour.
I realized that I smelled of lake water. There was nothing I could do about that and nothing was said the next morning. It had been fun, a little nerve-racking and self-fulfilling at the same time, but I didn't want to push my luck. I was waiting for the day when somebody would say to my wife, 'I thought I saw your husband waking naked the other morning'. She would have been so upset with me. Thankfully it never happened.
However, it did lead to other ideas.