I take your hand and whisper, "I have a surprise for you." You have no idea what I'm talking about or what I have in store. Still, you immediately feel yourself get wet in anticipation. I lead you into a changing room and blindfold you. The world goes dark, and all that remains is the sound of my voice.
You feel my hands on you, brushing back your hair. Unzipping your dress. Taking my time. My hands running over every inch of your body. Delicately undressing you. As I roll down your knickers, you can feel my breath next to your sex. So close. You hear me inhale, then continue to remove your knickers. I ask you to step out of them, and you are naked. I step away to take in your beauty. My cock is already straining in my jeans. I pace around you to see every bit of you as I salivate about what will come.

I don't know what he has planned, and I'm nervous and aroused in equal measure. The feel of his hands on my skin never fails to excite me, and I'm reminded again that I'd do anything for this man. This man who has unlocked my sexuality and opened up a world of pleasure for me.

I take some clamps and attach them to your nipples. A third clamp is connected to your clit. I give them a sharp tug to ensure they are attached and begin to pace around you again. Out of nowhere, I spank your arse, and you yell out. This seems to spark activity in another room, but you can only make out faint noises. I take you by your hand and lead you into the next room. We carefully make our way before I ask you to sit on a velvet couch. You lay back and try and make yourself as comfortable as you can. You have become more aware of your nakedness as a cool breeze flows across your body. A disembodied voice breaks the silence: "You may remove your blindfold."

The feeling of the clamps is right on the line between pleasure and pain. When he pulls on them I both want him to stop and do it again. And the same when he spanks me, my breath trembling as I tense in anticipation for the next strike. I'm disappointed when he doesn't spank me again, but I'm distracted by the noises I can hear of others close by. I wonder if it'll be like the time we discovered the guy in the hotel room next to ours was wanking over the sounds of us having sex.

You are in a dimly lit room, but the lighting accentuates your figure. You look beautiful as your breasts cast a shadow. You feel both exposed and able to hide at the same time. You peer into the gloom, but your eyes have not yet adjusted to the light after the blindfold. Suddenly, a spotlight shines before you, and you see me. I am sat naked in a theatre-style chair. I'm aroused and staring at you. My cock is in my hand, illuminated by the spotlight. You lock eyes with me and smile. You yank the chain on the clamps, and your hand moves down your body. You start to play with yourself as you watch me wank over you. Your fingers circling your clit and catching on the nipple clamp chain.

I feel so powerful, on stage, performing for him. Seeing him hard for me, and knowing how much he enjoys seeing me masturbate, turns me on so much.

As you start to play, there is a loud, mechanical sound. Suddenly, you feel the ground beneath you move. You are on a rotating platform, and I am slowly moving out of your view. You continue to play with yourself as you figure you will rotate around again to me soon enough. You make out a figure or two as you peer into the darkness. They seem to be men seated in similar seats, slightly further away. You can just make out some movement in their crotch area. This sends a wave of sensuality through you. You part your legs a bit more to give them a better view. You slide a finger in to see how wet you are.

Initially, I don't understand what's happening. And then it dawns on me that I'm not just performing for him, but for strangers too. Men I don't know, seeing me naked, and pleasuring myself. Shame courses through me, but so does desire. I want these men to cum, and I want him to see how much they want me.

You hear a moan coming from over your left shoulder. The guttural sound that is only ever associated with an orgasm. The seat rotates round, and you see a man stretching out, clearly in ecstasy. You feel yourself getting wetter, and you continue to play. You see the man stand up, zip his trousers, and leave. He is immediately replaced by another man, and you can see the bulge in his pants. You smile and pull on your chain, which results in another moan from across the aisle.

I can't believe I'm doing this, but the feeling of power is intoxicating. I want more and more men to see me, to not only wank over now, but think about me when they're wanking at home, or fucking their wives.

The chair rotates around to me again, and I grin wickedly. You beckon me forward. I am naked, and I move on my hands and knees towards you. The room echoes with the sound of masturbation all around us. I crawl up to your chair and sit on my knees, staring at you splayed before me. You spread your legs wider for me and pull that chain again. The sound of it triggers more moans and the shuffling of feet as some men leave, satisfied, to be replaced by others. You feel a gentle kiss. On your calf. And the gentle tracing of my tongue up your calf and your thigh, almost right up to the top. And then back to your knee. Planting little kisses. Millions of them. Peppering the inside of your leg. You are begging me to lick your clit.

Oh God, I should be telling him to stop. I'm disgusted with myself, literally laying myself bare in front of all these strangers. Strangers I could pass in the street or meet again at work. But the feeling of his mouth on me carries me away again. I'm still vaguely aware of the other men now, but as always when he touches me, the rest of the world starts to fall away. He always knows just how to tease me, until I'm squirming under his touch, desperate for him to make me cum.

I move up to your cunt and run the flat of my tongue across the entire length of your slit and clit. I start to lap deeper. This leads to more moans around us. Your eyes have adjusted, and you can see the men more clearly now. You can see so many of them stroking their cocks. You watch and can see the cum coming out of them and splashing onto their bellies or clothes. All these men wanking over you. Cumming on themselves. And then being replaced by more men, just as turned on. Just as hard. Wanking over you.
My tongue circles around your clit as my fingers slide inside you. You arch your back, your breasts raising in the air. Again, this triggers more moans in the audience. Your breasts are so perfect. Your nipples erect. You see more cum flying. The clacking of chairs as they're replaced by even more aroused cocks. I pin your legs back wide in the chair. I make sure everyone can see how beautiful you are. And I lick even more furiously, savouring every taste of your pussy.

That feeling when his tongue first touches my sex is always so incredible. The release of the tension he has built up while he's been teasing me makes me melt against his mouth.

I look up at you: "Would you like to suck one of these cocks?" You eagerly nod your head. There is an unmistakable look of lust in your eyes. I give you permission to pick out one of the men. You point over at a tall guy with an enormous cock. He can barely contain his excitement as he walks over to you. He lowers his cock towards your mouth, and you need no second invitation. You reach out and start wanking him before taking him into your mouth. You close your eyes in ecstasy. The feeling of my tongue against your clit and this massive cock in your mouth. You cup his balls and take his cock down to the base, hitting the back of your throat.

His voice brings me back into the room. We have fantasised together so often about my taking another man's cock in front of him. And now it's happening. I am almost overcome with desire. Feeling this stranger's cock in my mouth, seeing how much he wants me, how much they all want me, all while being driven relentlessly towards my own orgasm.

He is moaning loudly, as are many other men in the audience. Some of them are standing up to get a better view of you, and you can see them in all their glory, wanking their cocks over you. You continue to suck, teasing him with your tongue, driving him wild. You can feel your orgasm build as my fingers slide in and out of you. His pleasure rolls through him, and he grabs your hair and head so that he can fuck your mouth. His cock seems to get bigger in your mouth. You hear his breath catch, and then a hot burst of cum fills your mouth. This triggers your own orgasm, and pleasure explodes through your body. The room is filled with a cacophony of orgasms. As you hungrily drink down the cum you give the cock one last suck down to the base. He thanks you and returns to his seat as the audience applauds for your performance...

Fuck, this is even better than I'd imagined. But using this stranger to fulfil our fantasy, and then dismissing him when we're done, has just made me want more. More cocks, more cum, more fantasies realised. I'm nervous about where this might lead, what other appalling things I might end up doing, but I also know that I don't want to stop exploring this side of myself with him.