While in graduate school, sharing a rental house, I got to thinking about writing a letter to Mrs. Schmitt, my childhood friend's mom. I was avoiding my studies; I let my lurid imagination lead me to musing about sex. My cock twitched when I thought about Mrs. Schmitt making me eat her and blow my load on her tits. I thought back to her discovering me under her bed watching her in the bathroom when I was in High School. I had not contacted her since then; college had kept me busy with class work, drinking and hanging out with the gang. I was partially embarrassed that maybe she would want to forget the episode forever; it was after all pretty weird to get it on with your friend's mom. I guess my horniness prevailed since in the end I decided to write the letter.
I write her on the pretense of asking about her son John. I figure it is safe to ask about things like his new address since college graduation, his new job, what everybody was doing and the like. I include insights like "sometimes class can be difficult and I have a hard time keeping up with the work". I also casually refer to needing "an outlet for pent up energy". I mention that there aren't many girls to enjoy "looking at". Knowing that my current address was just inside of 40 minutes of her home, I figure she will be accessible or easy enough to avoid depending on how things go. I hope she is enticed by the sexual undertones in the letter and will act on her exhibitionist tendencies.
As the days roll by, I let the letter slip out of my thoughts. Then on a Saturday morning about a week and a half after sending the letter, I get a phone call from Mrs. Schmitt. We chat a bit and she casually asks if she might stop by since she will be shopping in town and could come by afterwards. I agree and am thankful that my housemate who shares the rent on our tiny ranch house has gone to visit his girlfriend at college.
I clean up some obvious clutter around the place in preparation for her arrival. As I prepare, I intentionally leave a Big Beautiful Women (BBW) skin magazine lying out on the table for Mrs. Schmitt to see when she gets there. I had not let my housemate know that I had the magazine but here I was being the naughty boy leaving it out for Mrs. Schmitt to discover.
Around 1 in the afternoon Mrs. Schmitt arrives at the apartment. She indicates that it is nice for me to remember her after so many years. Then since she seems truly curious as to how much or little I'm succeeding as an adult, she asks if she can look around the house.
While showing her the house, we talk about how everyone is doing. I mention that between working and graduate school I stay busy but don't have much fun. After showing her my room, the bathroom and my roommate's room, the inevitable discovery occurs.
"Steven, did your roommate leave this here?"
I innocently ask, "Left what out, Mrs. Schmitt?"
"This magazine by the couch appears to have nude women in it Steven. I'm not sure this is the type of thing you should be looking at."
"Oh, that's not mine Mrs. Schmitt." My heart was pounding and I was feeling a surge of nervous energy as I considered what to do. I had plotted in my mind that if I left out a magazine with big girls in it she might be encouraged to think that maybe I preferred the fleshier woman over the standard centerfold bombshell. Mrs. Schmitt had actually started to look better or more polished as she aged; the beauty parlor highlights in her hair accentuated the look. Her large breasts and round hips reminded me that despite being heavy she was still a very sexual 40-something female.
"I'm not sure I believe you."
"I'm sorry if it offends you. My roommate can be a jerk at times. He must have left it there."
Mrs. Schmitt apparently was not too offended to flip through the pages of the magazine. Her cheeks flush a little as she looks. I knew there were some pretty raunchy pictures of big girls with their pussies spread or with their fingers dipping into them. There are big girls with big mammaries held tenderly in their hands or hanging down. Some of these hussies were even sucking and licking their own nipples or have a guy sticking an erection in their face. Mrs. Schmitt loses herself for almost a minute looking closely at some of the choicer pictures. Then she abruptly sets the magazine down and walks towards the kitchen.
"So show me your kitchen."
I acquiesce and show her the little, poorly equipped kitchen. I am wondering if she is turned on by the dirty pictures and just wants to change the subject for a minute.
"So Steven, do you have a girlfriend?" she asks as she looks at my sparsely supplied and puny kitchen.
"Nobody special."
"So you don't have a girlfriend or you have one but don't think she's special?"
"Actually, I don't have a girlfriend per se. I am sort of in between."
"Oh, I see," she tersely responds.
We walk around some more. "So I suspect you're not getting any good meals not having anyone to cook for you. For heaven's sake, you are skin and bones."
"Well, I eat pretty simply," I reply while noting to myself how overweight people always seem to find normal folks to be "skin and bones".
"Is your roommate coming home? I could cook you boys a nice dinner."
"Well, that would be nice but Mark won't be coming back until late tomorrow night or maybe early on Monday morning. He spends every weekend with his girlfriend Christina."
"Well, I hate to see you eating poorly. I've been to market and I have all of the ingredients for a nice German roast in the car and no one is home for me to cook for anymore. Nick is on travel again this week. I'd love to cook for you."
I paused, but only for a few seconds and reply, "Ok, if you're going to twist my arm... Actually I'd love a home cooked meal, but you really needn't go to so much trouble."
"It would be my pleasure. I don't get a decent excuse to cook much these days now that John has his own place and Greta is in college."
I help bring in the food and she begins filling the kitchen with the wonderful aromas of spices. She can't stop herself from making a marinated salad to go with her impromptu meal. Everything is going along smoothly when she comes out of the kitchen to inform me that she has accidentally spilled some of the oil and vinegar mix on herself from the cucumber salad she was preparing. Somehow it has gotten all over her dress.
"Oh dear, the oil will ruin my dress. I'll need to get it cleaned quickly."
"I can throw your clothes in the washer. Why don't you grab my shower robe? It's hanging on the back of my bedroom door. Then go into the bathroom and change out of your messy clothes."
"Oh my, thank goodness, the roast and potatoes need a couple hours to finish and the salad will only get better as it sits."
I walked her to the bathroom. I think, "How convenient that she put the roast in first and then accidentally spilled the salad."
"Steven," she called from the bathroom. "Some of the oil and spices got onto my skin. Would you mind terribly if I shower to get this off of me. I like salad as much as the next person, but don't want to smell like one myself."
"Yea, sure. No problem." I answer.
"Can you take my clothes?" she asks from inside the bathroom.
"Sure, just a second."
After much rustling to disrobe, she reaches the dress out to me; her bare arm and exposed side indicate that she has not opted to put the robe on before handing me the clothing. I think that the "accident" in the kitchen might have been an intentional act on her part and a means for her to expose herself. I was happy to oblige her with her "accident".
I am pretty sure I know what she is doing but I am still not ready to come out and say how much I want to see her plump titties and juicy cunt and that the robe isn't needed if she doesn't want it. I consider the possibility that I am misreading the situation; such a miscalculation could only lead to embarrassment. Regardless of where this is going, my cock is tingling and I feel my balls tightening up as she hands me her clothing.
"Hang on Steven, there's more down here on the floor."
As she bends over away from the door, I can see the outline of her hips and I can glimpse in the reflections of the metal doorknob her big jugs swinging free. Then she hands me her bra which is still warm from housing her massive tits.
"There's one more thing, Steven."
She bends forward again but this time the item she is seeking is on the floor visible from the door. Her eyes are turned away from me but her swaying breasts are directly visible as I stand waiting. She stops mid stoop, perhaps to afford me a decent leer and then stands and hands me the silk panties she has grabbed from the floor.
I understand her wanting to launder her dress, but when she had included the bra and panties, which appeared to be untouched by the spill, I was sure she was playing with me.
"Thanks honey," she coos. She does not close the door but instead walks over to the shower and bends down to turn on the water. As my heart races, I stand frozen looking at her bare ass and back. I decide to retreat for the moment rather than to be too obvious. I am not sure that she will leave the door ajar if she sees me or makes eye contact. I figure it is better not to induce her to start being cautious.
"Any special instructions on washing this stuff? I don't exactly pride myself on my laundry skills." I call out.
"You can put them in on cold, use some degreaser on the stain and just a ¼ cup of laundry soap should be fine. They're just shopping clothes but I'd hate to see them ruined."
I wondered how many women dressed like this to go shopping. So few women wear dresses these days; I find this sad given how nice they look in them.
"By the way, towels are stacked on the shelf in the linen closet right outside of the bathroom. Help yourself," I suggest as I walk back to the living room. I can't help but flick through the skin magazine I had left out while I wait for Mrs. Schmitt. I take long lustful looks at all of the exposed flesh. There is an awesome picture of a middle aged woman holding a young lad's hard cock as she fingers herself for the camera. Her cunt is glistening with its own juice and is shining on her fingers. There also appears to be saliva on the lad's rigid manmeat. I think that I might just accidentally leave it open to this page for Mrs. Schmitt to accidentally see. I chuckle to myself as I recount all of the accidents that are happening today. I look down at Mrs. Schmitt's panties which I had been holding and notice that the crotch is slightly damp and there are a couple short pubic hairs clinging to them. It dawns on me that I'd better start the washing machine.
After I start the laundry, I wander back towards the bathroom to see if I can see Mrs. Schmitt. She is starting to fog the place up a bit and the smell of soap is emanating from the room. As I watch, unable to see anything much, I hear her begin to turn the water off. I step backwards away from view of the door.
"Can you bring me a towel? I got so rattled, I forgot to get one before I got into the shower and I don't want to leave puddles all over your bathroom."
"Sure, Mrs. Schmitt - just a minute."
I go into the linen closet next to the bathroom grab a towel and approach the shower glass. The glass is blurring Mrs. Schmitt's outline, but I can clearly discern her big areola and a dark thatch of pubic hair that matches the sample she'd handed me earlier in her panties. I hand her the towel.
"Thank you sweetie."
"You're welcome," I quickly reply as I start to back away. I wouldn't have minded stroking my cock and shooting one off as I stand outside of the shower, inches away from the very nude Mrs. Schmitt. Instead I back away and go back to the living room.
Two minutes later to my surprise, Mrs. Schmitt sprints towel-less down the hallway and into my bedroom. In my peripheral vision, I can see her bush and plump titties as she runs through.
She calls out, "I forgot to take your robe with me into the bathroom and I didn't want to bother you again."
I was unable to speak for a second. After a pregnant pause, I stutter, "No problem." And I think, "How is it that she forgot her towel too?"
She comes out in my robe to see me. She notes the open magazine and the picture of the older woman and the young man. "So I see you like older women with big titties, Steven or did that magazine just open itself?"
"Well, I guess you got me on that, Mrs. Schmitt," I admitted. I was feeling Goosebumps on my arms and neck as I realize that this exhibitionist loves being prodded.
Then she opens my robe to reveal her massive globes and says, "So you probably like these don't you?"
I freeze. After a second I stammer, "Yes, they are quite nice, Mrs. Schmitt." I couldn't help looking down at her pubic thatch which was visible since she had thrown the robe open. It appeared that she had cropped it neatly; a nice vertical line in the middle was clearly visible. The runaway jungle I had seen as a teen when I had munched on her muff was now a neatly trimmed delight.
"I see you like looking at pussy too, don't you Steven?"
Still in shock, I reply, "Ah, well, yes, ma'am."
"Well, I guess that's natural, I must admit, I like to admire nice, big hard cocks."
She continues, "Why don't we look at your roommate's little magazine together while we wait for the meal to finish cooking?"
"Ok, sure, why not." I reply.
She sits down next to me on the sofa and I pick up the magazine. She lets the robe cover her but does not fully close it.
My heart is beating a mile a minute as I sit next to the half-naked perfumed woman next to me who is old enough to be my mother. She wants to look at cocks and pussies with me. This is crazy. I'm almost shaking with nervous energy.
I open to the index where there are miniature pictures of all the different pictorials in the issue. Mrs. Schmitt points to a picture depicting a threesome involving a large blonde woman, a dark haired muscular guy with a dark five-o'clock shadow and a blonde body builder type stud. Both gents are fully erect – one appears ready to enter the blonde's willing snatch while the other receives head. We flip to the page indicated and Mrs. Schmitt makes lewd remarks about the pictures.
"That's going to be a good stretch for the girl's pussy. She will like that. It will be nice to have her pussy stretched while she sucks on the other cock."
I say nothing; I am mesmerized by the pictures and by Mrs. Schmitt's bold interest in them. She reaches over and puts her hand on my crotch.
"You like the pictures, Steven?" She feels for herself that my interest is growing both figuratively and literally.
I let out a subtle moan as she kneads my balls through my pants.
We look at another picture, the woman's snatch looks to be slightly agape from having the dark haired man's cock just removed from fucking her.
"The pussy is stretched Steven. Do you like to stretch the pussy?"
"Yeah," I whisper.
"I like it too, here, you feel for yourself." At this she moves my hand over her mound and pushes down on my fingers so that the middle and ring finger on my right hand are suddenly immersed in her slickness.
I wriggle my fingers in Mrs. Schmitt's hungry cunt and she parts her legs.
We flip the pages to see a lesbian layout with a brunette plumper, "Sherry" licking away at a dirty blonde plumper, "Monica's" snatch. "Monica" has such a plump vulva and beefy labia; I feel my tongue begin to move involuntarily. Mrs. Schmitt licks her lips.
"The girl knows how to make the other girl feel good. You like to eat the pussy Steven?"
I say nothing.
"I like to have my pussy eaten. Here you look." At this Mrs. Schmitt puts her leg over mine and pulls my hand away so that I am looking at her slickened folds at the entrance to her slippery vagina.
"You poor boy, with no girlfriend; you need to get rid of the cum built up in your balls. Take off your pants."
I stand up and drop my pants pulling pants and briefs down in one hasty movement. I stand before Mrs. Schmitt as she lets her robe fall open. She grabs the sides of her breasts and folds them around my aching cock and she moistens her nipples and areola with my abundant precum. I am ready to blow at any moment.
"You are a good boy. If you are a very good boy and eat my pussy like Sherry is eating Monica and make me cum in your face, I'll let you shoot your cum in my pussy."
This talk was nearly enough by itself to make me cum. I worried about knocking Mrs. Schmitt up – a thoroughly horrifying prospect. "Should I get a condom?"
"No, no, I am on birth control. I like to feel hot cum dripping in my vagina. You shoot your cum in me. But first you lick my clit and finger my cunt."
Oh my God! The talk was driving me mad. I push her beefy thighs apart and dive my tongue into her folds. It is hard to say, but I think there is more moisture coming from her than from me as my mouth merges with her love tunnel. Her silky juices coat my tongue as I attack her turgid clit.
"Be a good boy and put three fingers in my cunt."
I oblige as I bury my face into her honeypot. My chin, cheeks and lips are coated in her silky sweet juices as I lap away in a frenzy at her pinkness.
Mrs. Schmitt continues looking at the magazine. "That is a nice big cock. Too bad they don't show the cumshot in here. Seems so sad not to let these nice men cum." And then she pushes her hips forward, pinches a nipple with one hand while pushing at her clit with the other. Her utterances become incoherent as she approaches climax. I begin to pound away at her hole with my fingers as she gets closer to the brink.
She cries out. I am glad not to be in an apartment as the neighbors definitely would have heard that one. I pull my head back and admire her pink and abused pussy and then give her labia a few post-orgasmic nibbles.
Now it is time to let my aching balls release themselves. I slide Mrs. Schmitt back on the couch and her swollen cunt lays splayed. I remove my shirt so that I can feel her big titties on my chest as I ramrod into her snatch. Given the sweetness of her and the anticipation, I blast gob after gob of hot spunk after only about 4 hasty strokes. I fall atop her and sink between her massive orbs as I nearly pass out from the exertion.
We pull ourselves together and she asks. "How much longer on the roast?"
I stagger to the kitchen and call out, "Looks like another hour and 15 minutes."
"Let's look some more at the magazine. You have no girlfriend; I'm sure you have more cum. I want to taste some."
The thought of this is lascivious enough to interest me for sure. I hope that my equipment will catch up to my mind – which is getting blown at this point. We sit back on the couch by each other and look further at the magazine. We read a swinger story and then look at various personal ads and another pictorial. Mrs. Schmitt begins to wrap her hands around my sticky shaft and rubs me under the front of my cock head. My dick hardens again as she rubs it with our combined juices which she is gathering from her snatch. I run my index finger over and into her cum-sodden slit as we continue. I hope the couch will dry or I can flip the cushions to conceal this mess before Mark comes back tomorrow night.
"You let me slide down on you, but no cum yet."
I am all right with that – though unsure that I can prevent a near immediate eruption. She lowers her wide ass over me and I am quickly engulfed in her wetness. She mercifully stops riding me after about 4 squats during which I impale her to the hilt with my painfully hard erection. I am feeling crushed by her massive girth. She gets up and I feel able to breathe freely again. Then she kneels between my legs and swirls her tongue over my glans as she kneads my balls. As she licks away at my shaft, I feel the sap rising in my balls and the telltale signs of imminent ejaculation. At last I release several blasts of jism. I want her to taste my cum just as much she wants to have it. After she slurps up my second load, she goes to her purse and pulls out a slender vibrator. As I sit in a stupor, she lays on her back on the floor with her knees raised up over my thighs. She works the humming artificial cock into and out of her sopping cooze with ease. I watch the whorish delight of Mrs. Schmitt bringing herself another orgasm. She is not the least self-conscious as she loses herself; as she finishes her vagina is visibly twitching and grasping at the humming cock.
After a few moments in the blissful afterglow, she gets on the couch and lies back. I nestle my head between her orbs atop her naked body. We lie there for an eternity, I nearly fall asleep – so sweetly emptied of built-up cum and so thoroughly satisfied with the show. We are startled to reality by the timer announcing a ready dinner.
We eat with abandon as her clothes finish drying. The food is delicious. We say little but agree to keep our tryst under wraps. Hints are dropped that she might stop by some time to help me with my reading and that maybe my dirty minded roommate was onto something.
When she dresses and leaves after dinner, I wonder if the conditions that brought this day about will ever be repeated. ... I wonder...
------------------------------
The real life woman who inspired the "Mrs. Schmitt" fantasy, indeed really did allow me to gaze at her bare bush beneath her nightie as she watched television; she probably saw me peeking up her daughter "Greta's" nightie and wanted me to see an adult version of a cunt. Greta had no clue that a pussy was anything special so did nothing to conceal herself – she watched television innocently splayed and without a clue. Mrs. Schmitt's areola and nipples were really visible under the gown too in real life – I suspect now this was fully on purpose. She also ran from the shower to her room naked and sans towel once when she was visiting us; not coincidentally I was alone in the hall to see her.
I was too young at the time (which was actually a series of times) to fully appreciate the intentionality of her actions nor was I old enough to even know what fucking was. So my sexual interest in Mrs. Schmitt did not fully develop until I realized in hindsight many years after her exposures what she was doing.
At the time I was more interested in cajoling her young daughter into showing me her bald snatch. Apparently Greta's mom and dad never advised her not to show her privates when horny lads wanted to see them. I had in real life shown Greta my dick in exchange for seeing her pussy and we really traded feels though we were too young to be able to cum.
It is an active lascivious imagination that brings Mrs. Schmitt back into my life via fantasy during my adolescence and peaking sexual maturity. If you are a real life Mrs. Schmitt, please write to me; I credit her for making me the voyeur that I am today.