Imagine what it's like for him and her when a sexy teenager's erect clitoris is stroked over and over by a body painter's soft hair brush.
That's exactly what our irrepressible now 19 year-old long-legged long black flowing hair Latina office prick teaser Jenny's thinking after she picks up the phone for an appointment with a body painter. He's told her models must be clean shaven, nude, and sign a declaration they were not enticed into it.
It's a long weekend and she's randy for some irregular and unusual excitement, calling her 18 year-old friend Alison about his advertisement for amateur models. He's new to town and he's seeking appropriate models 18 -25 to pose in a complete head to toe artistic cover up in washable theatrical production paint as a way to make him well known locally.
He's so good at his craft they can walk downtown and nobody would think they're naked under the painted on apparel. He's paying each model $300 for the exhibitionist escapade and a free repainting sometime in the future. It seems like the ultimate dare for a sensationally sassy personal assistant to a randy boss called Raymond. If he knew what she's up to right now he'd insist he be there to make sure she does things right.
But the body painter's place is not Raymond's domain like his space in the office tower so the 50 year-old boss will only hear about it later when she's back at work on Monday and keen to tease him about her latest erotic adventure. She knows that brings out the worst in him and every time it ends up with another gift or another great lunch or another cash bonus to keep her from ever looking for a new job.
You can't blame the man if you could see what he sees when she bends over to show him reports he's asked her to dig up, often just to give her another reason to be in his office in her tight mini skirt and low cleavage no bra tops. Phew! Everybody loves Raymond, her boss thinks, and she loves what this Raymond packs in his pants. He's one bachelor that got grey hair without every marrying and his attention to her details is designed to make sure this is one PA that would rather hand her boss an opportunity instead of a resignation letter.
Jenny's interest in the body painting offer isn't about the money; it's the thrill of the dare and a chance to turn a stranger on while she's being painted and acting naive and innocent. That's her modus operandi. It brings out the supposedly innocent exhibitionist nature developed in her persona ever since she was seven and liked to flash too much bare skin about the place, even in shopping centres where many an old geezer was momentarily mesmerised.
Her penchant for letting men innocently perv on her with flashes of flesh is a hand me down from her very sexy mother who died after being run over when Jenny was only seven. She saw the last of her real father Ron in an erotic reunion a week ago. (Chapters 17 and 19) Her stepfather struggled in all those ensuing years to keep Jenny from going too far. When she turned 18 she rewarded him for his persistence, realising his love wasn't superficial like daddy Ron's.
With her very high libido Jenny simply loves to tease men sexually and with her centrefold sassy hot body she certainly makes their temperatures rise fast. And that's not the only thing that she makes rise, she knows only too well. Her imagination ticks over constantly while she thinks how she can affect men while making out she's naive. But she pounces like a Jaguar. She aims to go the body painter as a dumbstruck wannabe to see what happens.
Girlfriend Alison reminds her they already planned to go to the body piercer who inserted the two arousal rings in Jenny's not so virtuous vagina nearly a year ago when she just turned 18 and were going back so he could have a close look at Alison's so see if it's suitable for piercing. Sometimes they're not and the old master says he must be sure with a close pre piercing vulva inspection to gauge the thickness and sensitivity of her clitoris and inner labia.
He's also keen to see how Jenny's piercings are standing up several months later and question her on the success of her arousal enhancements They decide to postpone that for two weeks (upcoming Ch 20) so they don't miss out on the body painter thinking you have to strike while the going's hot.
Alison, slightly younger and not as daring as Jenny - but getting more like her the longer they hang out together - is curious about the body painter.
"Jenny you don't even know who this guy is, have you checked him out?" she proffers in her more defensive manner. "You should ask to see his credentials."
Now that gives Jenny an idea for a start. "Hey Alison that's a great idea, I mean checking his credentials if he's checking mine. He can only say no. Anyway, if he expects a chick to strip off for him so he can enjoy his hobby painting I think it's only fair he gets his gear off too."
"You're incredible Jen, trust you to come up with that but I know what you mean. But what if he's got a tiny dick?"
"Well too bad, but what if he's got a big one?" our pretentious prick teaser puts to her friend.
"I bet you're not game to ask anyway, you're just saying that to make me come with you," the blonde receptionist retorts.
"No Ali, you've got to come. Look, whoever he is he's hardly likely to advertise in the paper and expose himself to the law if he's not okay."
"I suppose so."
Jenny explains to Alison why she's so keen to try it out. "Look if this guy's okay and he's that good to make a naked body look like it's dressed I'd love to come straight over to your place painted up real good like and see if your sexy daddy Charlie notices anything different. "
The blonde giggles. "Oh he'd love that since our recent escapades. You know you really brought him out of his shell last time you were here."
"Is he still strictly religious as he was before I met him?"
"Oh yeah, but I think he's saying extra prayers now that nobody finds out that he's a daddy doing things with his daughter. "
"Tell him I think about him."
Alison's dad would be tickled pink and his broad penis would start to resemble the underside of an alligator if he knew Jenny was thinking of him. He'd rightfully know that if she's thinking of him she's really thinking of his manhood.
"Anyway Ali all I could find out over the phone is that his name's Jerry and he's 48 and he said he's been at it for many years."
"Body painting?"
"Well he didn't actually say body painting as such but that's what I took it to be."
"What exactly did you ask him Jen?
"I said I saw his advertisement and I'm 19 so I qualify in the age group but what's his experience? He gave me his name Jerry and said he's 48 and asked me to trust him as he's not a student straight out of uni, and that he's very good with his instrument."
"So he didn't exactly say he was an expert in body painting, just to trust him because he's 48 and not straight out of uni and he's got a good instrument," Alison says with a laugh.
"No, I said he said he's good with his instrument, not that he's got a good one. I suppose he was talking about his work tool, you know, the thing in his hand he uses to make it come together. Look Ali of course he'd be an expert in body painting why else would he want to paint?"
Alison's literally lyrical in her reply. "Jenny it's just for the joy he gets out of seeing naive young women strip naked for him, what else?"
"Well I suppose if it's his hobby and he does a good job who cares?" she fires back.
"Okay Jen did you find out how long it takes so we need to plan?"
"Yeah, he said it depends on the body design we go for, it takes from an hour and a half for a basic simple design to six to seven hours for a really complex one."
"What? That long, we'd be there all day."
"Hang on Ali, he said count on four to five hours as he average if I want a really professional job as several coats are needed otherwise it's too easy to see sensitive parts of the body through the paint."
"Oh boy Jen, it sounds like the kinda fun you go for, so okay I'll be in it. Why not suggest he do you looking like you're wearing those tight long legged Spandex tight pants that come up the crack of the pussy so if anyone looks there it looks the same as though you've got the pants on."
"Good idea, I get enough looks there as it is so with nothing on but paint it would be rather interesting and I'd love to walk through the mall and see how many people look twice in disbelief. Anyway we'll have to get there to find out. I'll ask him to book us in for 9 in the morning."
The following day they head out together and find the address is a large colonial style house with attics and a long front verandah on a small acreage set right back off the road up a long gravel driveway from the road. From the roadway they can't see the house.
"Gee it seems a bit spooky, like those places in the old Alfred Hitchcock movies," Alison says peering ahead.
"Oh cut it our Ali, you dramatise things too much just because we're out in the sticks a bit."
They get to the front door and ring the bell and sure enough when the door opens a man appears but he's not holding an axe, he's holding a paintbrush. "Come on in," ventures the partly balding 48 year-old Jerry wearing a check shirt and shorts. "You are Jenny and Alison I take it?"
"Yeah, that's us and you're Jerry, right?"
"Same name all day ladies, come through this way."
"Did many others turn up or are we the guinea pigs," the ever alert Alison asks.
"Nope, so far just you two but I sure got a lot of phone calls. Seems they either didn't know that real artistic body painting requires complete nudity or they wanted their boyfriends to come with them. I don't allow that as they stick their opinions in where they don't know what they're talking about and I don't invite trouble."
He leads them into his 'main studio' a big area with one of the walls taken out so it's more expansive. It's covered in a thin vinyl sheets for carpet. "No good having real carpet or bare polished boards here too much cleaning up" he explains.
"This paint you're using on us, how long does it last and will it come off or stain?"
He laughs. "Of course it comes off, with soapy water under the shower or you can leave it on for another day if you really want to surprise some extra people. It's just theatrical paint and won't stain. But don't get caught out in the rain as it will soon get streaky and you'll see bare patches as it comes off."
What about your credentials?" Alison asks. He goes to his computer and flashes a succession of images from his hard drive to a big screen in the corner. "Here's proof of what I do. Can you see anything wrong with that?"
"Nope," says an eager Jenny, "they look pretty sexy to me but I'm just 19 like and kinda naive and gullible and I guess I've gotta believe it's your work. I've never taken my clothes off for anyone; in fact you'd be the first man to see me starkers."
Alison looks at her wide-eyed and amazed at such bullshit, wondering, then she realises Jenny's giving her the cue to follow. "Yeah I'm much the same Jerry, just turned 18 last week and this is my first big adventure being like a model. It's my first time and I'm pretty shy so you'll have to put up with us being inexperienced like."
He smiles the kind of smile a man smiles when he's got deep down good reason to smile.
"Don't worry girls, I can see you are both real amateurs and it's easier to work with amateurs more than professional models."
"Why's that?" Jenny ponders aloud.
Without thinking he puts his foot in it eager to answer so confidently. "Well they take instructions better and I can get them how I want them and they eat out of my hand like. The professionals have been there and done that and they try to tell the artist what they want him to do as if they're running the show."
Jenny's caught on real quick this guy can be a bit of a wag as well as know how to body paint. "Oh you won't have any trouble from us, we're like beginners and we'll follow your orders as long as you know how to paint."
"Well I hope you girls have bare pussies for this as it's hard to body paint over curly pubic hair you know, if not I'd have to do it before we started."
"You do that?" Alison asks amazed.
"Only if I have to, three of those women you just looked at I had to trim them up to the really smooth standard I need otherwise hair or even stubble spoils the look."
"Well we're okay in that department, clean as a whistle," Jenny agrees.
"That's good so how about we start by you both getting your clothes off and getting used to the environment for about 15 minutes so you'll relax better. I found over the years the models are too stiff at first when I start straight away but once they lounge about a bit just chatting they really settle in better for the sitting."
He hands them a declaration to sign that they agree to model naked and have their bodies touched for the purpose of rendering a professional body paint result. They sign it and start taking their clothes off. Jenny gets down to her low cut bra and tiny lace panties and pounces.
"Jerry, I think it's only fair you wear as much clothes as us; I mean if we've got to let you see us with no pants it'd make us more comfortable if we saw you with no pants so it's all square, you know."
He puts an index finger to his chin. "You know, it's funny you should ask that. Once in a while I get asked the same thing but I've never done it, ethics you know."
"Jenny pouts. "Well Jerry I've never taken my clothes off in front of a stranger before. I feel pretty nervous about this so I just think if we're naked and you're not it feels as though you're looking at us."
"Ladies how do you expect me to paint you if I don't look at you?"
"What Jenny means," Alison compromises, "is that it's a strange sort of feeling a girl gets when she knows a man can see her undressed and we're about 30 years younger than you. That's sort of erotic like isn't it, you know, the difference between young and old?"
"For a start girls, I may be 30 years older than you but I'm not an old man by any means. Don't you know the definition of an aged person starts at 74 now that people are living much longer? Anyway I'm very much a virile 48 thank you and sure, old enough to be your father stuff, but you've got to realise coming here for this that body painting a woman without any clothing is really an erotic thing for the model and the artist. Can could it be anything else if she'd nude?"
"I'm sorry if I sounded as though I think you're really old," Alison appeases, "we can see you're not really way old like a rocking chair case but can't you at least make us feel like we're not more naked than we are by you getting something off?"
"I guess that's so but I'm a professional and I don't let a woman's bare body affect me. Okay then I'll take my shorts off if it makes you feel better but can't take my jocks off as exposing myself when I'm painting you is....."
"is putting us all on equal terms," Jenny interjects.
"Now that's not what I mean Jenny, it's kinda unprofessional that's what I mean."
"Rubbish," the prick teaser retorts. "Who's going to know but us and we've signed off on your form so there's no problem surely."
"Well, I dunno."I've never done it for any gal." He knows the starting point essence of this erotica is for him to be wearing some clothing, even if it's only his shirt, provided they're nude.
"Are you afraid we'd giggle or something," Jenny says pulling the strap of her bra off one shoulder as a come on. "Look we don't care if you've got the smallest one in town it's just a matter of principle that if we're totally undressed for you to see us starkers then you be the same. It's like the level playing field thing, about being fair."
He scratches his head. "Naah, too risky. You might tell someone."
The three of them stand there, Jenny in her matching black lace bra and panties and Alison in her matching peach colours and Jerry the body painter waiting for them to take off their underwear.
Jenny's a smart chick who knows how to beat a man at his own game and she knows his weakness -- he needs models to get known and the only ones that turned up are in the room with him refusing to strip unless he does. All the other wannabes dropped out either because they weren't adventurous enough to be painted naked or because he wouldn't let them bring their boyfriends.
"Okay Alison," she announces. "We're getting dressed to go home; we'll just have to give it a miss, he's even shyer than we are."
She reaches for her clothes and he takes the bait. "Hang on don't rush off like that. I'll see what I can do. If it's that important I'll just have to swallow my pride and get out of my gear." Jerry's a smart man too, he only had to take one look at the hot bodies on these two under 20s chicks to see what he'd let out of his sight.
"Okay girls, I'll do it but no telling anyone."
"Hardly!" Jenny grins knowing yet again she's got her own way. Alison winks at her and shakes her head grinning.
Jenny and Alison strip down as he's removing his pants. "I've got to leave my shirt on girls; I need it on to keep wiping my mitts." He takes a look at their firm natural busty bodies and can't resist a low wolf whistle.
"Sorry about that girls, I'm not a chauvinist don't worry, just a man's natural appreciation of real beauty like you girls have the perfect shape for body painting."
He removes his underpants still staring at their heavenly bodies as the girls stare back in the direction of his upper legs. He can see his ship's just come in and if he's remotely lucky he can get on board later. His seven and a half inch-long penis bobs up to their gaze, and it's a rock-hard two-inch wide thick girth one.
Jenny feigns shyness and puts her hand over her eyes, then her mouth, faking the gullible girl confronted by a naked man with a roaring horn look. Alison mutters "Oh my God!"
He notices how they respond and he's sucked in by their alleged innocence. His cock's not the longest but it's almost identical in appearance to Alison's dad's pride and joy. Jenny's pulse quickens but she's careful not to let on she's more experienced than she makes out. If anything happens anytime when she's thrill seeking in her manipulative ways it must look like she's innocent of all charges, and that means it's the man who's got to feel guilty.
His erection's certainly got their attention -- little wonder it's 35 degree higher than the horizontal angle rigid as if it's on standby like a rocket on the countdown. He apologises. "Sorry girls I'm like this, I didn't ask it to happen, it's just a natural male response to beauty."
"Like the wolf whistle," Jenny reminds him. "You said the sight of a woman's bare body doesn't affect you so you're really no different to other men."
"Ah, yes, I guess I'm a normal man after all, sorry about that. Look if it stays up don't let it bother you it's just that I was born with a high libido and sometimes I can't control how it looks. It's got nothing to do with the way you two look exciting me."
"Oh my goodness," Jenny pouts. "It stands out that much I shouldn't have asked you to expose it just because of us. I never thought the sight of a woman could do that so easily," she fibs, "but then by what you just said you just confirmed we're exciting you after all."
"Arr, maybe it's because there's two naked young women, not just one like I'm used to doing, you know, twice the excitement thing."
"Should one of us get dressed and you do us one at a time not together," Alison suggests.
He likes the sound of doing them both together but he won't take her words too literally. "No, look it's okay, come into the kitchen and we'll have a cup of coffee and talk to settle things down and then I'll get into it. You can ask me any questions about body painting."
He sits down on a bar stool, his thick girth erection still out in front pointing at a now 45-degree angle from the pressure caused by him sitting at the edge of the stool, making his dick deliciously daring in the eyes of two nubile females. Alison's sizing up his phallus and imagining how it must feel inside a woman's vagina pumping harder and harder until she climaxes.
Jenny asks if he's married and likes his answer. "Used to be you know but she up and left about a year ago and we're not getting back."
"So what do you do for company, do you have a girlfriend?"
"At 48 Jenny a man doesn't pick up a girlfriend that easily, they either want you one foot in the grave with a big mansion and lots of money to leave behind or they want a young buck with a big dick so they can steer him the way they want."
The girls think he must have come out of his marriage pretty bad to be talking that way. Jenny makes one of her strategic planning moves as she gently eases her position on the stool but just enough for him to notice her legs parting just slightly more. "I guess a man in your situation doesn't get the chance to make it in bed with a woman like he used to huh?"
"You got it," he says grimly. "Still, doing jobs like this at least lets me know I'm appreciated and I get to see some pretty chicks in the nick."
"But you don't do anything," Jenny suggests. "I suppose it's tempting and must make it hard for you."
"You got it again Jenny, I can't make a move on a chick like that, it's unprofessional and I'm a professional. She'd have to be asking me for it and that'd be the day."
Jenny just smiles. She loves to get professional men in their jobs to profess their professionalism and then slowly but surely manipulate their ethics so they'll do something she wants that they didn't intended to do but were glad they did. Think about that for a second or two.
As they sit opposite him on similar high stools their long legs are outstretched and almost touching his feet, both girls are trying their hardest to seem modest, shy and totally inexperienced, yet craftily enjoying this adventurous moment.
Jenny, happy to know he hasn't got a wife, partner or girlfriend out in the car waiting for him, can't take her eyes off his cock imagining what a shape like his would feel thrusting inside her. He can tell she's glancing there just like she can tell he keeps glancing at their thighs since she opened her legs just a fraction wider. Prepubescent kids do that sort of thing when they're playing doctors and nurses and it seems at 48, 19 and 18 the curiosity remains about what the opposite sex looks like below.
Jenny thinks he must be a real stayer the way his libido lets his erection not suffer from dereliction of duty. She's noticed how much it resembles the size of Alison's dad's cock and she can't forget how his felt inside her that day (Chapter 15)
"Do any of your models find it embarrassing taking everything off for you? Jenny asks.
"Some start off feeling embarrassed but mostly they don't mind; sometimes I think some women actually enjoy showing off their body maybe to give the painter something to think about," he replies as Alison gives her a discrete nudge.
"Oh, we're not like that Jerry, it's quite embarrassing getting undressed at the doctor's let alone a painter," Jenny lies, "it's a pity you couldn't do it with a blindfold on."
Jerry cans that idea real fast. "If I wore a blindfold I couldn't see anything."
"Yes, that's the point I'm trying to make," says Jenny. "You could feel where the hips and breasts are so...you know..."
"Sorry ladies, that's impossible. I do a professional job not something that looks like a school kid had a go at his first time with paint."
"How do you paint, with a spray gun?" Alison asks.
"Good heavens no, the real art of body painting is with the brush like any artist at an easel more than a spray painter squirting paint in a fine film on a car for example."
"What happens when you come to that very personal part of us? Do you go around it?"
He laughs heartily like a man and they giggle like little girls. "No, come on this is about body painting not shopping centre promotions. Of course I paint the vulva just like I paint the nipples and the whole breast and even right up between the legs. It must be complete but I'll leave your face untouched even though some jobs we do the whole face too but that's more if it's a flowery or unusual diametric kind of design, you know tribal like."
Jenny's more interested than ever as she leans over and rests her finger tips on his knee to pose a question, sending a shiver up his spine and a quiver through his phallus.
"Tell me then, wouldn't it be sort of tickly like using one of those skinny handle artist's hair brushes painting up and down our sensitive parts?"
"Well Jenny to be perfectly honest, body painting is an erotic experience for the model and the painter, there's no doubting that. I'm talking about naked models not people painting over underwear. The artist's face is only inches away from their private area and he can see the woman's clitoris just as close, if not closer, than the doctor. He can see for example is she's sexually excited if you know what I mean."
"I think so," she almost whispers and lifts her voice again. "It must be embarrassing if they got a hard on like men do."
"It happens Jenny. Nips and clit are an occupational hazard I guess and can't be helped most times just like I got an erection seeing you two. Our bodily responses are fairy automatic at times. When a woman's clit sticks out I can she's experiencing the eroticism of the whole event. It's a beautiful thing really because it blends innocence and the mystique of a woman's hidden desires in what's otherwise blatant exhibitionist nudity. I just paint over the erect clit otherwise it would look a different colour to the rest and sure they feel it and sometimes squirm a fair bit but it's not exactly like getting the big banger if you know what I mean."
"No we don't," teases Jenny. "What big banger?"
"An orgasm, that's what I mean," Jerry replies somewhat jittery at her making him say it.
Alison and Jenny look at each other wide-eyed.
"Really," Alison beams. "A woman can get an orgasm?"
"I didn't say that," Jerry protests. "I meant the stimulation happens sure, but it's not enough pressure to cause an orgasm."
"Just very sexy and nice," quips Jenny. "But it's still asking a young woman like us to expose ourselves to a man we've never seen before isn't it?"
"I suppose so; look I'm the guy with the paint brush not the model feeling the hairs of the brush going over very sensitive parts of her erogenous zones."
"So what happens if we can't help it, like some of them, I mean we're pretty young and no one's touched us there not even with a brush," Alison adds.
"Okay I know where you're both coming from. What if, what if blah blah. Well if you start squirming about I can either stop until you calm down or keep going. Either way it takes longer because you must stand still.
"The female genitals take a good five separate coats minimum", he advises so they'll know why he's there a lot longer, "because it's very personal space and I have to make sure it's well disguised within the overlayed design and colour matches.
"And that's after the undercoat to make the design paint hold. If you squirm too much I end up having to do probably another two or three coats. Painting that area by brush takes half an hour alone at best to get enough paint build up to hide the obvious features of a prominent clitoris or larger inner lips."
"How do you get around hiding with paint a chick with much more obvious personal details -- you know, the above average things that can stand out on the pussy?" Alison's question is a good one.
"With the more hard to hide features of some vaginas and clits we usually make their vulva the centre part of a big tropical flower like an orchid or a hibiscus and that protruding part becomes part of the pollinated part of the flower standing out to attract the honey bees," he says. "It's coloured in with lots of extra paint to really blend into the flower design so you'd have to look pretty much twice to see the camouflaged detail."
"And what if we get an erection like you did" Jenny pouts with a look of cheeky innocence.
"Well put it this way Jenny, yours won't stand out as much as mine," he replies, making them all laugh to ease the tension.
Jenny presses him for more information. "Surely you don't use a narrow hair brush you'd use in sensitive areas to cover our back or the tummy areas?"
"That's right Jenny, as you'll find out shortly, I use a specially made small hand sponge and I physically rub and dab an undercoat colour over all your body first and then extra coats as needed and when it dries before I can start doing the design work.
"Look girls, I'll level with you now, once we start you'll be asked to lie on the floor on your backs and I'll rub you down with the little sponge with the undercoat base."
"It sounds like a full body massage to me," quips Alison.
"Well it is in a way and I'm telling you now you will find when I get to the tops of your legs you'll need to open your thighs well apart so don't feel shocked when I move your legs to get right in there and underneath between your vagina and backside."
"Gee, there's a lot more close up to this than I ever imagined," Jenny addresses him with her womanly guile meaning to come across graciously gullible. He's conned by her mannerism. "I'm normally pretty shy and it was needing the extra cash that made us want to do this, not to show ourselves off so really I'm going to feel pretty embarrassed getting this done."
She's wet already just imagining it. "It sounds like it couldn't get more personal if you tried."
"Yeah, it can but we won't go into that," he admits. "Listen girls, all women have the same equipment like us guys but as far as your vulva's concerned they come in all sizes and finishes; you know, I don't have to tell you that but a painter contends with women whose vaginas could be like Alison's more prepubescent looking and the harder ones to paint like yours Jenny where inner labia protrude a bit and the clitoris is considerably more developed and sitting up externally."
He leans over at looks at Jenny's well defined vulva. "Take yours for example Jenny, you've got two arousal rings inserted there, you've got a fairly wide and well rounded outer labia, a thick clitoris shaft and most likely a bigger than average clit and I've seen your type take up to seven or eight coats especially if the bud sticks its head out and says what about me?"
"Oh heavens, going over it that many times?" she says trying to look fretful.
"Do you want an expert job or an amateur attempt?" he asks and puts her on the spot.
"Oh we want it done properly so I guess we're in your hands."
They sure are.
"All right girls, I think we've talked long enough so let's get into it," he announces and stands up, erection only flagging to horizontal as Jenny brushes past him. With the slightest of unintentional looking but deliberate intentions, she brush strokes his outwardly pointed cock head with her left hip making his penis point sideways in the direction she's going. Optimism, like blood rushing to both his heads, rises just a bit higher.
They all go into his main room and he instructs them to pose for the before and after pictures. "I always take snaps of the models undressed before I paint them," he says, reminding Jenny of the old master that pierced her pussy with the arousal rings. He photographs them standing up back, front and sides and then lying down back, front and side profiles. He comes in for close up images of their vulvas because he likes to compare how they are in natural state and how they finish up being camouflaged with paint to gauge how good he is at the end of the day. Jerry's 48 but feeling more like 28 as he gets them to lie on their tummies for a rear end close up of their vaginas and surrounding back end. It's a man's thing, the buzz that it generally generates. Eventually he's ready to start the job having made a good job of getting their personal details for his reference later.
"Okay Jenny you lie on your back here, and you lie on your back there," he instructs as they get into position for the undercoat.
"You both want the full length Spandex pants camel toe look?"
"Yes," the two totally unfeathered birds chirp lying on their backs in his nest.
He starts with Jenny, applying a yellow undercoat with a small sponge between his fingers dabbed in the paint, working from one ankle upwards to the top of her left leg while Alison watches wet inside from anticipation. He uses his knee to push Jenny's upraised legs further out so that he's got both her knees drawn up high and outwards in a sexually explicit position akin to sex more than artistic endeavour. But this is the only way he can do the job properly as her fat pussy sits waiting for its turn to be groomed with the sponge.
Jenny's feeling quite erotic but she's not beyond making it more so. "Do you have to have my knees up so high and my legs out so far," she asks with an innocent childlike voice as if she's naive and not knowing, but knowing all the time it will tease him all the more for him to think she's forcibly surrendering her modesty to a stranger.
"Only way I can reach all of you without breaking my back or craning my neck too far," he cheeringly replies, lapping up the view. How else could he get such a stunning teenage woman to lie naked for him and allow him to spread her legs with her knee ups and wide apart? Sometimes it's still a man's world but only because women are erotic creatures that let things happen if they so desire in times when depravity is disguised in their mind as something essentially sensual.
Alison's eyes are wide with wonderment looking at Jenny grinning back and the 18 year-old blonde knows by that look on the 19 year-old black pony tail prick teaser's face this is what she came for. Titillation and he hasn't even got to her tits yet.
At last he's up to her so far untouched vulva, both her legs and feet completely covered with yellow undercoat except for the back but that comes later when he does the flip side after record slow time on her A side. Jenny's pussy's mouth quenching to look at and he dips the soft sponge into the can to get extra paint on it knowing it needs to sink in. Unnoticed by Jenny, his fingers grip the sponge differently this time, allowing three of his finger tips to be level with the sponge so that as he rubs it over the well raised Mons pubis his cock, having a mind of its own, senses the lift in artist's articulate expertise and the penis rises back to its rock hard appearance.
Jenny can't help but keep looking at his riveting erection. She knows he's enjoying the view just like she's enjoying the adventure having an honest excuse to be showing off her cute credentials without her step daddy telling her to sit up properly on the sofa and floor like he did so many times over her preteen and puberty reaching years.
He works Jenny's private part over really well so that it's a bright yellow and much thicker than the yellow on her legs where it's easier to disguise. He's smart enough to know using the sponge this way she doesn't realise he's deliberately using the angle on her slit so his fingertips can made direct contact with her soft sensitive flesh.
Every time he repeats the action it leans her outer labia over to one side so he can rub the colour into the very base of it. He's rubbed it in going up and back no less than six times in each direction. After he's sponged all her labia majora and he's looking at the more sensitive centre section, he can tell Jenny's feeling his touch. Her erect clit glans gives her away.
"Jenny I've got a problem here and I need your instructions," he says. "I'm afraid your bud's sticking out and I need to cover it the same colour otherwise if that happens after we've finished the natural colour will stand out like a dog's balls."
"What do you expect me to do, put my hand over it?" she says meekly, maintaining her innocence until proven guilty. "I'm on my back naked and helpless, knees drawn up and legs apart and you're leaning over me so what can I do?"
"Just tell me it's okay to paint over the tip of your clit, it's sticking out about a quarter of an inch and that's too noticeable. I'll need about six or seven separate coats with the soft pencil brush to hide that."
"But isn't this just the undercoat?" she asks.
"Of course but like painting a house if it's not prepared from the base the design colour won't last long and wear thin."
"Just do what you thinks' right Jerry."
He enjoys his work and no wonder. He decides to undercoat one side of her vaginal orifice at a time deliberately at an acute angle so that his trailing three fingertips nearest to the centre of her vulva will press slightly into the soft fold between each side of her labia majora. Jenny jerk's noticeably as she feels the kinky sensation.
He repeats his action on the other side of her pussy and by repositioning his fingers on the sponge he gets away with 'unintentionally' running his fingers up and down the vaginal crack no less than five times each way and each time his fingertips dip just that teeny little bit deeper into the moist central surface.
Jenny's enjoying it but she wants him to think she's struggling not to feel aroused. "It's so embarrassing I keep shutting my eyes I can't believe this is happening to me," she fibs.
He gets the quarter inch soft hair brush and dips it into the paint and applies it to her hard clit head making her flinch with every stroke. The wetness, the sexy way she's lying there, the closeness of his face to her pussy and the sensation of the brush caressing all sides of her clit tip, over the top, underneath and around both sides of the tiny conical shape miniature penis-like head of her most sensitive body part has her unmistakably licking her lips and shutting her eyes hoping the feeling goes on and on.
He sees she's enjoying the stroking so when he's applied the fifth separate coat he keeps stroking the head with the brush for a further minute. He looks up and sees she's still got her eyes shut. "Jenny I've done enough coats on that very awkward spot so I'm just checking with my fingertips the paint won't come off.
He's sucked in by her apparent gullibility that she'll think it's just part of the normal body painting practice to do it so she simply nods without even opening her eyes. Even though he sees Alison watching, her mouth open and her pussy very wet, he's sure the feeling's so good Jenny won't object if he manipulates her clitoris shaft about while rubbing the tip. She can feel fingers getting around the base of the shaft and lifting it up, then sliding slowly down to the erect head of her clit, rubbing around it in a circular brushing way, making the 19 year-old old swoon.
"Mmmmmm, oh mmmm," she murmurs softly, as it's getting more and more to her. Every time he rubs over the head of her clit she gasps loud enough for him to hear and twitches her hips as the brush leans on her glans one side, then from the other side, then from underneath up, over the top down and then across the face. He's making a meal out of a simple snack.
"I'm almost there Jenny, just another minute to make sure as he now brushes the supersonically sensitive head with his index finger to see if any paint comes off. Jenny's now moaning audibly and she's not putting it on. "Mmmmmmm, oh! mmmmmm oh! Mmmmmmmm" she moans. "Is it okay now?" she breathes more heavily and he knows it's got to her just how he hoped.
"Yeah, it's looking real good there, almost done; hold still, you're twitching about making me having to go over the same spot again and again. Can you stay still?"
"Mmmmmmm, noooooo."
"There! Done!" he exclaims after a five-minute fiddle he didn't need to do but couldn't resist "You can sit up now Jenny I've undercoated the bottom half and now it's Alison's turn. Come on Blondie, lift your legs up nice and high and spread those knees."
In half an hour he's done all of Alison's front and side of her legs and feet leaving just the back of her legs for when he turns her over. She's watched him work on Jenny inch by inch and she's turned on big time, even her nipples are hard. He can see that too but he knows he'll enjoy doing that erogenous zone in good time.
He gets to Alison's well shaped pussy in much the same way and she knows what to expect. The only difference in the vulvas of each teenager is that Alison's vagina is closed with just a tiniest gap between the lips, very much like a modest prepubescent pussy with just the top part of the clit shaft dipping down between the crack.
Don't worry erotically inclined readers; he knows how to get to it so he can repeat what he did on Jenny's. Alison's much like Jenny in sexual responses being of similar age and build. Even though it's a sponge being rubbed over her Mons pubis and each side of her vaginal crack she knows there's a man's hand guiding it.
Sure enough, just as she wondered, he's changed his finger position with the sponge and as Jenny watches this time in awe, he's dragging the sponge down the centre of her vulva, two of his fingers extended a fingernail past the bottom of the sponge and sinking below the surface between of her slit and making the pressure just enough to graze along the whole shaft of her clitoris and over the edge. He goes back in the reverse direction and as it makes the hood sit up higher he can see her clit glans just at the entrance and appearing to harden.
"Oooh," she can't help giving away without even opening her mouth. "Can you feel that too?" she hears Jenny ask her while she lies there eyes shut not game to see where the painter's eyes are looking.
"Oh yeah, I feel it all right. Oooh"
He repeats his strokes down and back up her slit three more times. "Alison I'm going to part your outer labia a bit to do this properly, I've got to get to your shaft and it's covered up and later if you're sitting somewhere with your legs open a bit like in your pretend Spandex tights and your lips pop open, you'll need the same paint put in there to disguise the natural pink."
He wastes no time separating Alison's lips, pulling the fat outer lips apart on both sides more than he needs to have a good look while he can get away with it in such a submissive situation. He's sure lots of people in professional calling do a bit of such cheating on women and girls when they can get away with it.
"I'll have to hold one side open and do down the middle and do the same on the other side," he explains like someone who's done this before and enjoys popping open pussies for a look. At this point he's definitely having a lend of Alison and she doesn't know any better.
He uses the brush to paint along the top of her clitoris full length and over the bud where the excitement's made it stick out slightly. It's not as thick and prominent as Jenny's, but all clits are equally sensitive regardless of size just as a male penis which they mimic anyway.
It's impossible for a sensitive, well developed young woman not to feel affected by a strange soft brushing sensation repeatedly applied to her body's most erotic arousal epicentre and Alison's constant twitching and soft moans tell him all he needs to know.
Finally he turns her over and paints the back of her legs and thighs and using a wide brush turned to the side he drags it full length deep into the crack of her buttocks, doing the same to Jenny's tight arse so that from behind, side and front the full undercoat of the Spandex-look tights are done. He's only got to do the body paint and then paint a long sleeve top with mock buttons and black belt around the waist.
"Have a break girls, it's coffee time and my back's aching," he announces.
"My God, that was pretty personal Jerry," Jenny says with faked astonishment. "I know you said you had to go over several coats but it's only the undercoat and my God, how can you expect a girl not to get turned on?"
"Yeah," joins in Alison. "You keep asking us to lie still but it's not easy when you get down to that kind of close encounter and someone's stroking a sexy feeling brush over and over and over our clit."
"Well girls that's just how it is. Get used to it because it takes longer when I put the top coats on, that's the one that really matters and why I take so long to do a deep undercoat; the finished job's hard to tell you're really not wearing clothes. There's not one tiny part of your body I won't get to by the time we finish. Look, the top half undercoat is faster because it's more open space and accessible. Having to kneel down between your open thighs made it a lot harder though."
"Yes so we noticed," Jenny chimes. "I can't wait to see how it looks in the mirror."
"Come on then girls back to work we go, this time Jenny I'll do you first with the sponge standing up." He works with much faster speed this time covering the easier access areas of her back, neck , arms and abdomen upwards to her breasts where he gets a kick out of seeing her nipples jut out as he rubs the sponge over them and makes each upstanding 38b cup breast jiggle as he does the sides and underneath.
It's Alison's turn and this time Jenny can stand back and watch how he does it to her, of course taking extra time on her shapely firm 34inch b cup boobs. At five feet six inches, Alison's just two inches shorter than Jenny in height but being blonde and beautiful with an alluring hour glass figure in her own way they complement each other's beauty.
At last he's undercoated them after nearly two hours of preparation including three rest breaks of 10 minutes to stretch their legs. For Jerry it's the first time he's had two nude teenage chicks in his close company behind closed doors. If only his ex-wife could see him now! She dumped him a year ago and said he'd be lucky if any other woman would have him. Well, looking at Jenny and Alison he's doing pretty well.
He paints a slightly darker blue cover for their breasts, starting with Alison. It's a long sleeve pullover type that drops down as if it's tucked into where the broad black buckle belt wraps around the waist looking so real it's surreal. Alison's breasts, firm and pointy with well sized areolas as not as puffy standing up from the surface of the breast as Jenny's but from any angle her tits are a treat, coming to a pointy shape.
Not being flat nipples on a broader type bust they're not as easy to disguise and require lots off extra dark blue brush strokes making the nipples go hard at least for this duration. He takes twice as long on Jenny's being more elongated from the breast line and rising also to conical points like Alison's. It's a delight for him to be titillating about for so long on them but the result looks realistic with their blue tops appearing to have natural creases and shirt collar and buttons at the end of the phoney long sleeves. Both women are tickled pink even though the outfits are two tone blue over the yellow undercoat.
Jenny's told to stand still now while he paints the imitation Spandex tights on her legs after just doing Alison first. The young blonde fidgeted and shuffled about as his brush teased her sensitive organ all over again. It takes him an hour just to do her pants in finished styling so her pussy snuggles in as though it's just a natural crevice hugging camel toe look on tight pants without underwear. Wow! But she's really nude.
Jerry's given them both a nice broad black buckle belt to offset the sky blue pants and darker blue top. Now he's reached her sexy arse and he pulls her cheeks to one side to open up the gap between her buttocks to slide the wide brush in sideways getting it nice and deep so it looks like natural material. He does four coats on the bum, stands back and adds a fifth coast before he's satisfied.
Now he's back to his favourite spot, the pussy, working down from her nicely rounded pubic bone his brush finally meets up with her prepuce and down over her thick clitoris and on to the soft folds of her inner labia jutting slightly from a wet vagina. He's wetting it good with sky blue paint but she's wetting it just as much inside feeling the same tremors coming back as the strokes get more and more personal.
His face is so close to her cute quim she's quivering with excitement knowing that when he woke up this morning he'd never set eyes on her and now he's setting eyes on her from just inches away. Now he's working on her pussy with the designer coat of paint he uses three different size brushes for different areas of her vulva. For the outer labia it's a wider soft hair brush that's almost an inch wide but the touch is firm enough to press into the soft tissue coat after coat of it. For her clitoris he uses a quarter inch horizontal hairbrush that sends a tingling sensation along her clit shat as he gets around the base each side and leaves not a spec untouched.
Jenny's clit is really waiting for more after the first session with the sponge and this time it's a more delicate feel as he strokes it with firm pressure down the shaft and across the tip of her erect head sending sparks into the Latina's sensory nervous system.
"Mmmmm, oh my God," she breathes heavily unable to contain herself but needing to make out this isn't why she came to him. "Oh Jerry, I'm so embarrassed to be getting turned on I didn't know being body painted it was anything like this. Ohhhh, that's incredible, do that bit again."
"You likin' it eh? Nice feeling isn't it? I like doing this part; it's where the girls seem to make sure I've done it properly askin' me to go over it again and again."
"You haven't finished yet I hope," Jenny purrs.
"No way, I've just done three full coats of your private part and five to go because I need it nice and deep here because of your little adornments on that clit shaft."
Jerry 's teasing Jenny all the more pushing the clit rings about and giving her the extra sensation they were meant for when she got her pussy pierced. Alison's sitting just to the side taking in how he's doing it as he kneels in front of her parted legs while she's standing up shaking on her feet every time he runs the brush back and forth over her exposed glans.
It's straight out masturbation Alison's thinking.
"Ohhh, I don't know if I can stand this any longer on my feet can I lie down?" Jenny moans to make him think he's really turned her on beyond control. She's looking at his erection stiff as a board with the head really looking out for a lovely female mouth to exercise her taste buds.
"Okay Jenny I know it's getting to you a bit, I'm sorry about that but I've got to do the job properly. Okay, lie down but keep your legs apart; we're almost finished and I can then top off Alison.
Right now Jenny's got other ideas. She's hot inside and been staring at his erection too long and it's driving her nuts yet she doesn't want him to know she's anything but innocent. As she moves to get past him to lie down she feigns an accidental slip and falls over him, knocking them both to the floor.
The buxom Latina lands first and Jerry unavoidably comes down on top of her body. How convenient eh? She's got just a split second to think of something before he'll get up and probably apologise for falling over her. Alison's watching with bated breath, betting anything this is a Jenny stunt.
His face is just close enough for Jenny to purr in his ear in the split second she's got to react. "Oh Jerry, I've never had an older man ever so close to me in my whole life. What you're doing to me with that bush is making me want you," she breathes heavily in his ear. "I can't help it, I feel so childishly embarrassed but for God's sake take me now, put it in me, I want it bad."
Poor Jerry, rejected by his fat wife and thanks to his thick seven and a half inch cock holding up so proudly he's got this hot 19 year-old Latina begging for his manhood. Her can't believe his luck and it's his first day ever body painting after buying the images off a real painter and doing a crash two-week course in how to go about it with the right equipment.
He's got the right equipment all right and it's staring Jenny in the face. "Are you serious, you're not kidding me?" he blurts and immediately Alison knows what's happened and shakes her head with amazement yet again.
Jenny almost hisses in his ear, "For God's sake do it, I'm wet as wet put it in."
He's got the message this time and gets up quickly, noticing Alison watching, her hands over her mouth as if she's saying she won't tell anybody. He gets down and pushes Jenny's knees wider to accommodate his 48 year-old frame being far larger than her. "You want me to fuck you?" he asks to confirm he's not dreaming as it seems too good to be true.
"Yes" is all she says and true to her word she's wet inside and waiting for it, letting out a long moan as he sinks his shaft inside and her eager vagina muscles gather around it like a long lost friend. Jerry only knows one style and it's full bore. On the floor, a woman anxiously wanting his services, here's a tradesman only too keen to do a tradesman-like job but there's no time for standard preparations. He's into a sexy looking 19 year-old shy chick with a long black hair ponytail and she's wrapping her legs around him clinging on.
And is she ever! He's so rapt in her being wrapped around him, her arms holding him around his broad shoulders and her ankles held up and locked behind his butt that he's not thinking about how expertly Jenny's meeting his thrusts.
"Oh my God that's beautiful," she sighs loudly. "Put it in me! Do it harder! Harder!" Jerry's convinced this is one shy young chick not used to the dick but when turned on she goes crazy for it. That's exactly what she wants him to think.
"You like being fucked eh?" he puffs and looking into her eyes with a leering look she didn't notice about him before.
"Oh yuh! "I need ....for too long... you're first," she lies as the words bounce out of her mouth. Her emotions are running amok and he figures this is a chick that's been desperate for a fuck for a long time. So he thinks anyway and it makes him go harder.
He rolls to one side and turns her over so he's thrusting Jenny's vagina from behind now with her highest leg draped over his upper thigh. Jenny catches a glimpse of Alison watching and shuts her eyes knowing this will turn on all he more. Every inward thrust he makes ends with a hard thumping impact that she feels jerk her body about. He's getting maximum length, ending each push into her as tightly against her torso as possible. Not a bad position to be in if you're a 48 year-old marriage reject and she's a stunning glamour puss not that long out of high school.
"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" she moans her body jerking to his hard thrusts. He feels the hot firmness of her tight vagina and she feels the bulkiness of his weapon sliding into her passion passage fast and slippery like a grass snake; withdrawing, sliding in, withdrawing, sliding in, withdrawing, sliding in, withdrawing over and over, over and over, back and forth, back and forth. Their pelvic thrusts work in unison as though they know each other inside out.
It's the best intercourse he can remember; it wasn't too hot with his wife and he wishes she could see him now with a very young, firm, sexy good looking Latina. "Like the cock eh?" he grins at her, his balls swollen and raised upwards in his erect scrotum. Her face looks strained; you'd think she's in some kind of pain not on the road to euphoria with emotion written all over it. Maybe the sun's in her eyes the way she squints. He says it again she's so busy struggling to stay in control.
"You like the cock eh?
"Oh! Oh yuh!" is her answer.
He continues to pound her fiercely leaving the style book at home and working on mating instinct. Twenty five minutes or so gone and he's got Jenny on her back again, this time with her legs pushed back so her knees are pinned down level with her bouncing breasts and she's holding her legs out wide with her feet nearly as high as his shoulders. It reminds her of her visit to the masseur with her crook knee (Chapter 3).
Amid the moans from Jenny, Alison's beside herself watching, wet and feeling wonderful for her friend. Her hand rubs her clit it's so erotic watching a man and a woman making love, where it's physical, fast and furious. But are they making love or just getting sex out of their system? This is Jenny down dirty and daring.
Facing up at him he's pushed her long legs outwards so they're almost flat on the floor and as wide as they can go, a position she used to practice as a kid and got into trouble with her stepfather. He leans forward into her body, 'chockers' up her, and strokes the side of her neck and face. He sees the heat in her and pushes his long finger between her lips and she sucks on it like a baby at the breast. It's the first time she's enjoyed intercourse without sucking the man's penis as a pre requisite to get her really in the mood. His paint brush saved her the trouble.
Jerry's out for as much enjoyment as he can get in what might be a once in a lifetime opportunity for him so he's varying his positions at about 10-minute intervals. He tells Jenny to stay there as he sits upright without leaving her and gets her legs leaning on his shoulders each side of his face as he gets his big hands on both breasts, spreading his fingers wide to enjoy what it's like to hands your hands on a firm set of 38-inch tits
Away he goes again after settling into the new position and his buttocks are jerking back and forwards really fast, not just to Jenny's delight but also to Alison who's doing her utmost to imagine what it feels like after seeing the size of his erection. He seems possessed and must have stored his energy for a long time. But suddenly the body painter's strokes almost stop. After 45 minutes of pulsating action Alison and Jenny thinks he's stuffed, at his age he can't keep it up so they're not surprised.
Jenny's heart beat continues to race and her breathing's trying to keep up. He leans over her in the missionary position again and straightens his back, then he slowly pushes his cock in almost at a crawl until it's almost in, teasing her as she's panting, before suddenly thrusting hard with one last full high impact jerk so his balls are slapping against her body. He does this over and over and over and over driving Jenny crazy but getting her to say the words he wants to hear.
"Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh fuck me harder! Harder! Harder! Harder! Harder!" she shouts, voice almost shrieking as sexual tension rises inside her to explosive level.
"Fuck you where?" he teases as he starts the momentum up again.
"In my cunt! Fuck my cunt fuck ya dadeee!" Jenny's in orbit and on the brink of orgasm he doesn't need any tap on the shoulder to give it to her even if he's not her daddy. Jerry lets fly with his best and Alison stands mouth agape her hands on each side of her face staring at what's to her a sight to behold. It makes her want to get home to Charlie because she's not getting it here.
Jenny's moaning continuously now he's thrusting at free will again and it's a tossup who's going to come first. He switches his mind off and pretends it's his fat wife he's inside not a sassy 19 year-old virtual virgin who begged him to end her drought. Lucky for him so he could hold it for her, the Latina's fire is well and truly set alight and countless hundreds of hard thrusts into her with his thick seven and a half rod takes her over the edge.
The incredible feeling of something thick, hard and so warm and pliable pushing open her vagina lips and sending thousands of little sensations through her love tunnel right up to her uterus takes its toll. He feels her orgasm coming as her vagina muscles clamp hard on his shaft and the teen's body goes stiff for several seconds as she moves from the plateau of orgasmic pleasure into the firestorm of full vaginal orgasm.
The strength of the pelvic region orgasmic seizures make Jenny grit her teeth and shut her eyes tight as the vibrations grind a path from her uterus down into the vagina, her anus and up her spinal cord main nervous system highway to her nipples and brain in a whirlwind crazy sixty seconds of emotional mayhem.
"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she groans through clenched teeth, her fists also clenched. Jerry take a bow.
It takes another five minutes before the two of them regain their composure and he even thanks her for the pleasure. "You were great Jerry, I'll never forget that one," she says getting her hair back in order.
"You can't go just yet Jenny, look at how we've smudged your lovely sky blue Spandex pants. You really should've taken them off."
He spends the next 45 minutes repainting all the places where Jenny's torrid session spoilt his perfect handiwork. Finally it's all back spick and span and he gives them their money. They've been there six hours and Jenny wants to get over to Alison's house and see if her daddy Charlie can spot the difference before going down to the main shopping mall for late night shopping -- nude but dressed up nude.
The ultimate prick teasing exhibitionist is ever gainful of a good time as long as it's erotic.
*
CHAPTER20 coming up next finds Jenny and Alison going public in the nude dressed in nothing but the clothes generous Jerry gave them to wear then the next day they're off to the body piercer for him to check whether her pussy's suitable for an arousal ring.
BeamMeUp hopes he's entertained you well with this story and if you liked it, do give him a 'high 5' vote as a thanks. Jenny seems to get all the accolades.