The original (part 1) of Party, Party, Party was originally intended as a short stand-alone story. Then having created the characters I decided to see how I could develop the story. Inevitably this assumes that the reader is familiar with ch.1 and there are references which hopefully will make sense at the end.
Derek, her husband always fell asleep when she stroked his testicles.
It didn't take long after sex, otherwise it took longer. He found it very soothing and was unconscious within five minutes on that night.
Michelle enjoyed the power that this simple act gave her over him; she liked the feel of him in her hands – warm, smooth, vulnerable.
Tonight she wanted some time to think, run over events in her mind. She had exposed herself shamelessly to his workmates and become falling-down drunk. She had intended most of this; albeit to a lesser extent - but what she had done had gone beyond all decent boundaries. She cringed at the thought that people had seen her privates. What had she been thinking?
Judging by the thorough rogering that she had received, Derek was not unduly angry. She had had a burst of hormones during the evening – and had awoken him twice during the night to retake her pleasure, which may have improved his mood. Now in the morning she felt sore but satisfyingly well-fucked.
Now she was buoyant and ready for the world and he was exhausted.
Her plan had been to put an end to those awful house-parties and it was likely that she had failed dismally in this endeavour. Not only had Derek not been terminally embarrassed but she had ended up enjoying herself. Not to put a fine point on things it had been a complete reversal, now it was a matter of waiting to see what Derek would say about these events.
Indeed several weeks passed before Derek mentioned the subject of parties and when he did it was to propose another one.
* * *
"Mike and Louise are going to a party next weekend, they're asking if we can join them; how are you fixed?"
A heavy weight descended on her heart for a minute, she had no intention of repeating the performance. "I'm not really sure."
"It'll be fun. They really enjoyed the last one, they said that they loved that you came out of your shell and joined in instead of hovering at the side. Come on - you seemed to enjoy it as well."
"Don't worry, I won't be doing that again."
He looked disappointed, "That'll be a shame, they thought it was brilliant fun. Anyway, it's not at their place, it's being hosted by some friends of theirs. Apparently they've got a massive house with a pool and everything. You should see their yacht. A regular gin-palace; and they have a sail-boat as well, just for swanning around on the weekend.
"They hold regular events with loads of people there. Mike reckons that we'll really fit in. It'll just be us and them, not the others from work."
He continued, "He said it's a real no-expense spared night, plenty of champagne and top quality food and entertainment."
"I haven't got a thing to wear."
* * *
She needed to go shopping for clothes again. She couldn't wear the same thing twice, especially the single-shouldered dress with the thin strap that hadn't even lasted the evening, so something else was called for. Something sexy, something eye-catching, something stronger. She realised now that the outfits that she had worn over the years were boring and matronly. They made her look old, boring and matronly.
The dress code for this party was apparently 'dress to stun'; white-tie suits for the men and cocktail dresses. Obviously none of her old outfits would suffice.
At the mall Michelle examined dresses with a different eye. She looked for short mini-dresses to give her more height; dresses with deep side slashes; tops with side-boob exposure. Maybe underwear-as-outerwear, she thought; suggesting more than showing.
In the end she chose a tight yellow dress with a deep scoop cleavage. It was short but not too short, so that this time she would be able to sit without flashing as if she was in an internet porno clip. However the material was clinging and semi-sheer, so she searched for suitable underwear. A flesh-coloured thong was easy enough to find, but a good bra was more difficult.
The dress was cut low in the back with straps holding it in place deceptively securely. This meant that a bra would be on full view no matter what the design was. She wasn't into the rather common, down-market bra-on-view look and thought that transparent straps were plain ugly. In the end she decided that as before, going braless was the only answer. Black heels again, standard fare which she already owned that would go with the bright yellow.
Michelle tried on the ensemble to check. However whenever she bent down, the back of the thong became visible giving her a nasty whale-tail. She hitched up the front and found that the tiny scrap of a garment had also separated her labia, giving her a camel-toe. Not an attractive look should anyone ever see.
Back in the lingerie section, she found an alternative which she would never have thought of if it hadn't been modelled on a mannequin.
A bright red pair of panties, to be seen straight through the dress – and over, if she leaned. Not a vulgar string, but a properly tailored T-back, snug on her hips and fitting her form. Not invisible, hiding in the shadows but brazen and screaming their presence. Not so much a bra-on-view as knickers-on-view.
Black stockings and a matching pair of red high heeled shoes transformed the look. Not as crippling as the black pair that she had worn to the first party, these were capable of being used. She liked the originality of this. Whilst other women matched shoes to handbag or dress, she matched her shoes to her knickers.
Her substantial breasts were of course visible through the thin material. She sighed, how was any woman supposed to wear this in polite company? Luckily she had a fine pair of boobs, too large really for her slender frame.
Perhaps some concealing tape over her nipples was the answer; 'tit-tape' it was called, wasn't it? Sticky on both sides that would hold a loose dress in place. An assistant found some flesh-coloured tape that would do the job.
Was it stunning? She thought that it probably was.
Michelle paid for the items and went home. Back at home, she tried the outfit on before a proper mirror.
It had to tell the truth, been a real buzz when she had exposed herself at the previous party with everyone looking, astonished at her boldness – or sluttishness, whichever way she looked at it. But thinking about it now, she couldn't do that ever again, she would die with embarrassment.
Derek saw her standing in the bedroom asking for his opinion and a smile appeared on his face. Soon the yellow dress and the red knickers were removed; however the red shoes and black stockings remained...
* * *
They arrived at Louise and Mike's house at the appointed time. Derek hadn't let her think of getting another outfit; wouldn't hear of it. The yellow and red combination was perfect for him. Then together they all rode in a taxi to the venue.
Louise was wearing a long flowing deep blue halter neck dress which featured a gaping cleavage down to her navel, allowing the top of the dress to swing with the movements of her loose breasts. The men wore white-tie suits, a simple choice dictated by the invitation.
When they arrived, the house was seriously awesome, in its own grounds at the end of a gated gravel drive. A line of expensive sports cars and limousines were parked already and a doorman let them into the house.
Inside they were led through a huge hallway to a function room where about 40-50 people were already present sipping champagne and talking. The room had a ceiling so high it was lost in the shadows and was decorated in a Gothic style with an array of medieval weaponry on the walls.
The host introduced himself and his lady wife. They were Bernie and Anastasia and made sure that a waiter served them with glasses from a silver tray.
Bernie was silver-haired, balding and quite short. Anastasia was blond, tall and loud. A massive pair of obviously enhanced breasts were barely concealed by a gorgeous diaphanous flesh-coloured gown which had black embroidered sections swirling over her body to just about maintain a semblance of modesty.
Michelle noticed that the other female guests were all dressed in sexy gowns as if they were at a red carpet event. As revealing as her clothes felt to her, she did not stand out excessively amongst the crowd. Most of the other dresses were obviously more expensive; she felt a little like the poor cousin at a wedding but she could tell that she looked spectacular enough.
She also saw that even the waiting staff were all attractive, young and well groomed. They were all dressed in white, the ladies in closely fitted strapless mini-dresses and white heels, the men in white suits. All wore bow-ties and name-tags.
Several more guests arrived shortly, then the gathering was called to order. The host welcomed those present, then the waiting staff lined up at the end of the room.
Bernie announced that a draw was to be made and a glass bowl was passed around the room, each guest placing money inside. There was also tickets, where the guests entered the name of one of the staff. Michelle had missed some of the announcements and was mystified by this but the others took a keen interest in choosing names. She chose a waiter at random and Derek placed a fistful of bills into the bowl.
Then Bernie announced two winners, a young man and a woman who promptly took the money and were led from the room by another member of staff. Michelle noticed that they were both looking quizzical as they carried the bowl, but another member of staff was whispering to them.
The guests were then led to a dining room and the staff commenced serving food. To Michelle's astonishment the two staff who had won the draw soon returned, to a round of applause.
Both were now completely naked apart from their bow-ties. The girl was holding her arms across her body to hide herself, the man was standing staring into space.
Mike grinned at Michelle's consternation. "Didn't you hear the announcement? They were voted the ones we most wanted to see without their clothes, so they won the pot and in return they've complied with the bargain."
To cheers and jeers from the crowd watching, the nude girl dropped her hands to show her body before walking across the crowded room to their table.
She was pretty with long straight dark hair draped over one shoulder and down across one of her small firm breasts. Her dark nipples contrasted with her pale slim body with toned buttocks and long lean legs. She bore a tattoo of a rose on her left hip, the thorned stem of which led to her small tuft of dark pubic hair as if the flower was growing from roots there. She looked nervous but started to serve the meal.
The male waiter who had won was tall, dark and muscular. Italian in appearance, he had irrepressible curly hair on his head but was shaved elsewhere. He was well-hung with an impressively large circumcised penis and heavy testicles between his gym-developed thighs.
The food was exquisite, with exotic dishes and fine French wines carefully selected for each course. Their naked waitress kept the guests supplied but she was distracted and nervous. Michelle was tempted to offer her a stiff drink to ease her. At the end there were ports and brandies liberally poured and consumed.
* * *
The guests rose, and were led by their hosts to a huge annexe to the house. This was clearly where the main party was to be held. The room was dominated by a swimming pool, with a well-stocked bar and a live band playing in the corner.
Waiting staff handed out more drinks as the guests entered the pool area. The nude waiter was standing near the door with cocktails and as Anastasia strode up to take a glass with one hand, she took hold of his penis with the other. She shook the organ as if shaking hands and with a shriek of laughter turned round to the gathering.
There were cheers of approval and she continued handling the waiter's penis, stroking it until he was erect. Michelle looked away but her glance was drawn back. It was now huge, like a baby's arm waving in the air.
Otherwise the man stared straight to the front holding his tray of drinks and showed no reaction as Anastasia left him, dancing across the floor towards Bernie who smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
The band was playing rock songs with a female singer and Anastasia dragged Bernie to the centre of the floor to dance. Michelle was now feeling the effect of the wine, of which she had drunk several glasses. She stood with Derek as the gathered people migrated to the floor and the music became louder.
Louise was on the floor dancing enthusiastically to the music, wiggling her hips and swinging her breasts which were threatening to break loose from her dress. Mike had discarded his jacket and waistcoat in the warmth, as had many of the other men. Derek soon followed and placed his jacket on a clothes hook, of which there were plenty on the walls of the room amongst the assorted weaponry.
Then Anastasia bounded over to Michelle and Derek. "Darling, I hope you're enjoying yourselves, please make sure you partake of all the entertainment; it will be taken as an insult if you don't." She waved her hand around the room and Michelle noticed a small table with glass trays, where some people had gathered around.
Then with a penetrating scream of "Party!", she ran across the floor and plunged straight into the pool.
There was a sudden hush, then a roar of approval and several others; both men and women jumped into the water fully dressed.
Some still held their glasses, others swam underwater, rising for breath periodically. Other guests stood on the edge of the pool and removed items of clothing before swimming.
Louise laughed and cheered. Michelle remembered that at her party it was she who did an impromptu strip-tease, unwilling to be anywhere but at the centre of attention. It wasn't long before she shrugged off the blue dress to show her magnificent bare breasts and an electric blue silk thong. She kicked off her shoes and waving her arms high in the air, followed the others into the pool.
Mike was laughing. "It didn't take her long, it never does. In fact I was surprised when she stopped at her bra and panties at your do."
Michelle was shocked. "Do you know all these people?"
"No, not all of them; some. We know Bernie of course and his new girlfriend. She used to be a Playmate. We've been to many of his parties before, they're famous. He used to be in the music industry and knows absolutely everyone. Lots of people here used to be well known back in the day, some of them were producers and executives, there's musicians, all sorts."
Anastasia appeared, her previously coiffured hair now slicked back. She had shed the transparent gown and was nude, her bad boob-job obvious. She draped herself around Mike's shoulder and kissed him on the cheek, one leg raised in the air to show that she was clean shaved. "Come on darling, don't be the party-pooper."
Then she turned to Michelle. "I love the look darling, shoes matching the panties through the dress. But you simply have to join in dear."
She beckoned to another guest, a lady wearing a long white gown that was wet and clingingly transparent, who came over. They took hold of Michelle by the elbows and marched her towards the pool.
Michelle didn't protest against the force of nature that was Anastasia. She had just enough time to remove her shoes before all three jumped into the water.
She came up to the surface slicking her hair back from her face, the yellow dress floating around her. It had turned completely transparent and her red knickers were totally visible, as was the tape over her nipples. As discreetly as she could, she discarded the nipple covers.
A few seconds later she was joined by several men, in the middle of whom she saw Derek still wearing most of his clothes. He had been dragged in also.
They were both good swimmers and floated in the warm water. The nude waitress was also in the pool, distributing yet more cocktails in the shallow end. Her bow tie was stiff and obviously intended to withstand a soaking.
Eventually they climbed out of the pool. Michelle was definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol now and losing her inhibitions. The yellow dress was clinging and restrictive as she moved and as it was now serving little purpose, she took it off together with her stockings. There were several naked people in the gathering and she felt safety in numbers. Derek squeezed the dress out and hung it next to his jacket whilst she retrieved her shoes and put them back on.
Mike and Louise had disappeared for the moment but just then they were joined by Bernie. He was unfazed by her just wearing red shoes and a thong and started leading them around the room, introducing them to the other guests – many of whom were still fully dressed.
She was sorely tempted to cover her prominent bosoms with her arms, as everyone that they spoke to inevitably stared at them. Apart from Louise – who had the biggest natural boobs ever -and the surgically enhanced Anastasia she was sure that she had the largest pair present and she would very much rather people remembered her face and not her bristols. However she forced herself to leave them unconcealed and mentally cringed with each gawk.
At least she had her thong to maintain her modesty, which she hadn't at the previous party. Her ass was bare but there was little she could do to stop people from looking at that – and at least she usually couldn't see them doing it when they were behind her. Plus she was quite proud of her bum, no cellulite or wobbly bits there.
There was an old conundrum that she was reminded of; to be 'dressed yet undressed'. The minimal undergarment seemed to satisfy this.
One man that she was introduced to was a music publishing executive. Another with wild hair who had taken off his shirt to display a tattooed chest was apparently a drummer in a famous band.
A woman they spoke to briefly had been a film starlet several years earlier, now she graced the gossip columns usually being carefully photographed whilst wearing very expensive designer clothes that bared more than they concealed. There were agents, writers and managers amongst the numerous stars.
After a round of the room, Derek was feeling irritated by his soaking wet clothes. He saw that many of the men who had been in the pool had shed their clothing and were nude. Michelle helped him to peel off his remaining garments which were placed next to the rest of their items.
For the rest of the night, they partied. Michelle steadfastly kept her red thong and shoes, Derek remained naked. They saw Mike and Louise several times, both were naked and very drunk.
People swam, drank and danced as the band played. At one point they saw a girl lying naked on the floor whilst others gathered around, with another girl sitting astride her and nuzzling her breasts. Another woman was wiping what appeared to be semen out of her eyes.
They saw a man in the pool with a woman underwater giving him oral sex, coming up for air periodically. It all seemed strangely normal, even when they witnessed Anastasia giving the nude waiter a hand job and then kneeling to take him in her mouth, trying to make him orgasm whilst he held his tray of drinks steady and Bernie watched.
All in all it was unlike any party that Michelle had ever been to in her life, yet it was undeniably fun. In the end she almost became used to being topless and seeing other people in all states of dress. She danced with Derek and even a couple of times with other men, as did Derek with other women.
Eventually when the band stopped playing they decided to leave. They found that their wet clothes had been packed into a bag for them and they were handed bathrobes to wear home. A line of taxis waited at the door to take them away.
* * *
In the back of the taxi, Michelle took off her damp panties which were now irritating her. She sat just wrapped in her robe, allowing Derek to stroke her bare pussy while she eased her hand under his robe and returned the compliment. When they arrived home she led him upstairs and took him in her mouth until he demonstrated the effect that her tongue had on him.
In the morning he woke her with his tongue on her clitoris.
* * *
The next day was spent quietly, then after the weekend was over Derek returned to work.
It wasn't long though, before he telephoned Michelle at home.
"You'll never guess, Michelle" he gabbled. "It's Mike. You know, Louise's husband. At the party at Bernie's; he's dead."