Through the shower door, Pete called out to Traci, "Just got a text and the limo will pick us up at ten thirty and take us to the luncheon."
"Got it," she answered.
Traci hopped out of the shower, toweled off and went about the fun task of adorning her rocking bod with whatever would make men drool. In the bedroom she had already laid out the featured pink hot pants, white thigh high stockings and an obscenely low cut, skin tight top to compliment the pants. And, as always, she would step into the black stilettos.
Men absolutely loved fucking a woman in heels. It was foolproof catnip, putting her ultra hot ass up and on display. Any stripper knew that. She made herself laugh a little at how easy it was to control men's cocks with the right clothing.
Her fingers unconsciously reached for her hotspot.
She looked in the mirror and saw what they saw, checking her naked body out at every angle. She knew what she had and how to use it. She smiled, knowing that before the day was over she would be deliciously fucked multiple times and be overwhelmed by the free flowing orgasms.
As she imagined their cocks penetrating her she sped up the massage of her clit, her fingertips circling and her box almost vibrating, her pussy wet and anxious. She would happily take them all and come back for more.
As she pictured the lust in their eyes and the rise and fall of their cocks in her she jerked off a little faster until the climax spread throughout her body, ecstasy covering her like a warm blanket.
Pete, dressing in the next room, heard her exhale that familiar sound of satisfaction. When she finally opened the bathroom door, Pete teased her, "Having some alone time?"
"Alright, smarty pants. A girl can never have enough fun, you know?"
He embraced her, "I love you my achingly beautiful slut."
"Thank you, Pervy Pete, I love you too."
Considering the wild abandon of their sex lives, they frequently stopped to reaffirm their union.
After she had dressed and had her earrings and makeup in place, she asked Pete for his final fashion assessment. He studied her like an art critic.
"Well, my totally objective and unbiased opinion is that you look so good that you'll be lucky to make it through the hotel lobby without getting humped."
***
Their limo was met at the French restaurant by two men, Jules and Mark, who looked like they stepped out of the pages of GQ and now had sunk their cash into expanding the Slut Wife Club franchise.
It had cost them a bundle for downtown real estate but their educated opinion was that this idea would work even better in the UK than the US.
The easy answer to success was the UK's historically liberal approach to sex. Institutionally, sex was by and large more upfront and open compared to the the traditionally repressed US.
Jules extended his hand to Traci, helping her from the car. "Well," he said, "Robert was not exaggerating that you're even more stunning in person than your pictures. I'm Jules and this is my partner, Mark."
She curtsied.
Pete came around the car and on the way in the restaurant Mark leaned into Pete with a low voice, "Aren't you one lucky boy to have a bird like that. If I were you I'd consider a chastity belt when out of my sight."
Pete politely laughed at his joke but said, "We're dedicated to one another but also give each other room for personal pleasure."
"From the feedback we're getting from members who've been motivated to join by seeing that website video I have no doubt she'll be getting a lot of that at the club."
At their table, Jules and Mark were clearly taken with Traci, directing much of the conversation her way. For the most part, it was as tour guides, Traci wanting to know about people and places.
"We hope you'll like the new club," said Jules. "We went to great expense to give it that look of opulence so when a man is fucking another man's wife, they'll feel even more special. Our membership to this point are very attractive couples so that yields a lot of possibilities. I think Pete will be a happy lad on club night."
"After we finish eating," said Mark, "we'd like to take you over to the club and see what you think. I don't wish to be rude but we thought it might be proper to ask Pete here if Jules and I might sample his lovely wife at the club."
"As far as I'm concerned," said Pete, "you have my permission but if I were you I'd direct that question to Traci. Only she knows what she wants."
Mark turned to her, "Traci?"
Reaching underneath the table for their respective packages she said in the voice of a vixen, "I can never get enough and two cocks is always better than one."
"Oh my god, how do you get through a day with this girl?" Mark asked Pete in all earnest.
"I thank the gods for my good fortune and let nature take care of the rest."
***
At the club it was old school architecture meets modern decor with a flare. In this space there were not only sofas and a dance floor and bar for negotiating, there were semi private enclaves along the walls for some serious fucking.
All and all not appreciably different from back home but the finishes were the best money could buy and the erotic artwork created a stimulating ambiance. Sex would simply look more beautiful because of the surroundings. It was a ballroom with style.
Jules could see that Traci was enamored with the interior and looked forward to being put on her back. "It's so amazing," she said, running her hand along the rich, dark color of the bar top accented with gold plating. Jules, standing closely behind her, intercepted her hand and drew her close to him, pressing his hard-on against her bottom.
Pete, sensing their takeover, pulled out his phone camera. "May I?" he asked.
"Certainly," said Mark, "it will make a great promo for the club, plus I'm obsessed with your wife."
It did indeed become a surreal advertisement for the club. Jules and Mark played to the camera as they went about seducing Traci.
"We're the owners of the newly created chapter of the Slut Wife Club here in London," said Jules. We're preparing for its grand opening but today our honored guest is international club poster girl, Traci. You've all seen her and you've all wanted to bang her. She and her husband came all the way from the US to wish us well and to christen the club properly by allowing the two of us to do the business with his slut wife so grab your bar on and enjoy."
They turned her back to the camera and pulled off her hot pants together, running their hands over her ass. "She has the most unbelievable bum I've ever seen on a girl," Mark said, like he was polishing a diamond. Traci purred with their touch.
After getting her naked they dropped their trousers and Traci to her knees, alternately sucking their cocks. "Uuguummff," she said with her mouth full. "I think that means she likes it," said Jules. Traci nodded.
"Fuck, she's good." "Very talented girl."
They both reached for her breasts, her nipples erect. They brought her to a standing position and suckled them. Having both their mouths on her brought on an unexpected orgasm.
"She's wet and wants it." "Ready for the spread, little darlin'?"
They bent her over and spit roasted her. Jules removed his tie and wrapped it around her neck as he rammed her. "Uuummmffftttt," speaking with her mouth still full of Mark.
Pete came in close to capture Jules's cock sliding into her then the camera panned up to see her sucking Mark's pole. It was beautifully shot. Pete was getting the eye for this kind of sensuality.
The men spent considerable time in this position, occasionally switching ends to change the glorious scenery.
Pete began to see the power of facial closeups especially during orgasm. He started noticing how her hands would clench and her eyes would roll back into her head.
Later they lifted her up and laid her back on one of the alcove beds and took turns going missionary on her. Rubbing her pussy she came again. "Fuuuccccckkkkkk!!!" she yelled out, the orgasm making her want more.
The guys were getting close so Mark told her to sit up on the bed and both of them stood in front of her and ejaculated onto her face. "You're beautiful with your cum covered face," said Mark.
Then the camera came in close. She smiled and made them crazy by licking the spunk from around her mouth.
"Welcome to London, Traci," said Jules. And then Pete stopped the camera.
After leaving the club Pete and Traci went back to the hotel room, primarily so she could clean up and reapply her makeup. In the meantime, Pete was so excited with the video that he suggested he spend the afternoon editing and get it up on the website in plenty of time before the London opening.
"Do you mind if I don't go sightseeing today and work on this video? Maybe check in with Anna and you two can hang out. I'm sure she knows the turf."
"That sounds like a good idea, Petey. I always love my 'Anna time'."
She picked up her phone..."Hey, girly girl! I just had a delightful..." and she closed the bedroom door behind her. Pete could hear bits and pieces and Traci laughing. He was happy for her liberation from the negative social constraints of sexuality. She embraced her sluthood and expressed herself freely, making the word a joyous one rather than a scornful label.
Watching the video he was, as usual, turned on with the hedonistic dominance over his wife. It never got old. Slightly distracted by the performance, he wrote down notes referring to potential edits.
Coming out of the bedroom, Traci was exuberant, "The bad girls are going out to terrorize the town. I'm meeting her at Big Ben...and I hope he is!" She playfully flipped up the back of her skirt as she went out the door.
***
A cab took her to the landmark. She was thrilled to be in London amidst the places she'd only seen on tv.
"Traci!"
"Anna!"
"Geez, girl," said an excited Traci as they walked, "you wouldn't know we'd just seen each other yesterday."
"Traci, I just love hanging around with you. I don't mean to sound weird but it's like hanging around with myself! So how was your morning?"
"Absolutely sexciting! We met the owners of the new club and..."
"And what? Alright I've got a favorite pub around the corner. Let's get a couple pints and you share."
The Lusty Lion, a working man's watering hole, was about half full and they had no problem getting a booth by the window. As they sat and sipped, Traci poured out the sexy details of her club encounter.
"Oh god, Traci, I wish I'd been there."
"Well at least you'll be there Saturday to meet them," said Traci.
"I don't think so. The grand opening was by invitation only and we're not members. D has to go out of town and they only allow married couples."
"But you've worked for the company."
"Casey tried to get me in and they said no."
"You're coming...for sure."
"How do you know?"
"My pussy knows." Traci pulled out her phone, texted something and put the phone face down on the table. Smiling, she said, "Watch..."
Fifteen seconds later her phone buzzed. Traci picked it up.
"My new fuck buddy, Jules, says you're going."
"Yay!!! Magic pussy, you've got a magic pussy!"
"I don't have a magic pussy, I just have a pussy and that's enough to get any man I want."
"Excuse me," said a man stepping around from the next booth over, "but I couldn't help overhearing your conversation..."
"You mean you were eavesdropping," said Anna
He laughed, a little embarrassed, "Yes, I suppose you're right but listening to you pretty birds I was wondering,..how much for both of you?"
"Well you cheeky devil!" said Anna, "you think we're tarts?"
"Well I..."
"Go back to your own table and jerk off!"
"My mistake. So sorry to have bothered you."
Traci and Anna just sat there with half smiles, looking at each other and then burst out laughing. Whispering, Traci said, "But he WAS rather handsome."
"I know him but he doesn't remember me."
"You know him?"
"Yes, well it seems we both have an affection for this pub. He approaches women all the time because he owns a peep show a couple blocks away and he's always looking for girls interested in taking their clothes off behind glass while customers jerk off. Also, behind that, but not advertised is a glory hole."
"What is that?" asked Traci.
"You've never heard of a glory hole?"
"Heard of it..."
"Well it's a crude setup where men put their junk anonymously through a hole in the partition and a girl sucks them off. Sometimes a girl will back her bum onto a stiff one and do the old in and out."
"Oh hell, that sounds debauched," said an incredulous Traci. "Did he ask you to do it?"
"Oh yes."
"Well...?????"
"You know me well enough by now. Of course I tried it, cock and cum are my specialty."
"And...???"
"I was very popular that day but I never did it again. That dump is a bit too seedy, even for me."
"I wanna try it!"
The guy in the other booth jumped up and, pushing his way into the girl's booth next to Traci, "I think you're going to like it. If you like sucking cock, imagine a wall of cocks waiting for you."
"Oh bloody hell!!!" said Anna, "Ray, that's your name! Ray!! I remember! Get out of here, she doesn't want to be a cheap slut!"
"Now, Anna," said Traci trying to calm everything down, "if I don't have this experience on my resume then I'm not a full fledged slut, cheap or otherwise."
Everyone stopped talking, stunned by her logic, until a subdued Anna said, "Okay, but I suggest I do it with you and we only do an hour. Ray and his customers get their rocks off and you get your check off. We'd better have another pint before we go."
***
Ray ran ahead and on the walk over Anna admitted that she'd fucked him a "couple years earlier in a loo stall at the pub."
"Slutty Anna strikes again!"
"I may be quick to drop my knickers but life would be boring without it. Oh, here we are."
"Where? There's no sign."
"Yes there is," said Anna pointing to the wall inside the stairwell. It read, 'Girls, Peep Show, Upstairs' and an arrow.
"How do people find this place?" wondered Traci.
"Oh they find it alright. Men have cocks like divining rods."
At the top of the steps there was an older woman taking admission.
"You must be the girls Ray told me were coming," Pointing to her right, "Through here and take your clothes off. There are lockers."
Ray met them on the other side of the dressing room door. "You girls can strip down in here and then follow me to the glory holes. You get a cut of the number of dicks you suck that cum, got it?"
Then he added, "I'd be glad to toss in some extra if one of you wants to fuck me first."
Ray guided the girls with a hand on each of their rears. "Here we go, ladies. I called a couple of pals so you'll have lots of dick. When you get in and comfortable on the stools, just knock on the partition so they know you're there."
An eager, Traci, rapped politely and saw through one of the openings an eye obviously checking her out. Quickly the man jerked himself and pushed his almost hard cock through the hole. "Suck on this lollipop, girlie," said the muffled voice from the other side.
Traci worked his cock promptly to the edge, "Oh, Ricky, you're gonna like this one. Oh shit, I'm cumming, girlie."
She could feel the cock swell in her hand and his member shot out the jizz onto her open mouth. She didn't necessarily expect it but fingering herself she came with the faceless customer.
Traci looked over her shoulder at a busy Anna, juggling 3 cocks in a busy rotation. "Well look at you," said an impressed, Traci, who followed her lead and took a cock in each hand and one in her mouth. After about 20 minutes and a couple more explosions, Anna, cum dripping down her chin, said, "Some bloke just asked to back me up."
The cock was large enough that Anna turned bum to the wall and guided his shaft into her slit. She heard him moan, "Sweet, sweet little tart. Oh ya." While she fucked him, banging her rear against his hard-on, she still managed to keep jerking 2 other dicks.
"You got the gift, girl," commented, Traci.
"Practice makes perfect. When D brings a few buddies home, I'm pretty busy."
The supplied towels could barely keep up with the cumshots. Both the girls were jerking a constant stream of customers and it was getting close to the hour limit Anna had set. "One more cum wad and we're off to other adventures?"
"Ya, I never sucked this much cock in my life. I'm a little sore." Just as she said that a customer blasted a load on her tits.
"Thanks guys, we got you off and now we're off!" announced Anna, as the girls left the booth for the showers in the locker room. As they left, the complaints from those who didn't get serviced by the two pretty girls flew hot and heavy. Ray begged them to stay but to no avail.
"So, what did you think?" asked Anna.
"I don't know what I was supposed to think about it but I must be a full fledged cocksucking cum slut because I liked it. That said, I enjoy more overall attention than that. I nearly fucked Ray."
"Ray?!? He's such a sleezeball."
"Ya, but you fucked him!"
"Yes, but I had too many pints"
"You know what though, Anna? Everything is more fun with you."
"Awwwww, Traci you're getting me a little teary."
They walked off down the street, arm and arm, planning that evening's fun at club 'Naughty Girl'.
(To be continued...)