It all began with a change in physical routine. Last summer, I began a dramatic push to get myself back into shape.
My wife, Cindy and I are both in our early forties. We had met immediately after college and have been married for the better part of two decades. She's Asian-American, focused, witty and sexy. Not to mention fit as hell. People often claim she looks like Sandra Oh, and although Cindy thinks she's awesome, she politely disagrees.
After our fourth child, she'd become determined to get her body back. Like everything she's driven to accomplish, she achieved it. Her abs and little round "bubble butt" are tighter now than when we met. I decided that it was past overdue that I needed to keep up with her.
The routine was simple. Work out in my garage for 45 minutes or an hour in the mornings- lift weights or run on our ancient treadmill or bike on the Peloton bike Cindy regularly used. The first few weeks were a huge challenge for me. I've never considered myself a morning person. But after working out for almost six months, the mornings got easier. I would awaken, craving the movement.
*****
It was winter when it started. I cannot recall what day of the week. That part would come later.
Since the morning lifting routine became easier, another progression was natural. After working out, I decided I would walk our huskies before leaving for work.
As quietly as I could manage, I leashed both huskies and got them out the door. The early morning air was cold, brisk and dark. I wore a hooded sweatshirt and headlamp. The dogs and I walked a simple 2km out and back route, finishing with a quick loop around our cul-de-sac.
That's when I saw it. Light illuminating Tim and Jackie's second story master bathroom. Prior to that moment, I had never paid close attention to their house.
Our neighbors, Tim and Jackie, and their family are a near-copycat image of us. Also in their early forties, Tim and Jackie are good-looking, friendly, yet not particularly outgoing. I can't say definitively what either of them do for a living.
Their master bathroom window was plainly visible from the sidewalk. Cindy and I always made it a point to close the blinds prior to using the bathroom.
However, Tim had not taken that care. There, fully visible, was Tim, showering. Tim was tall, average build and boyish, with a mop of hair. But him showering wasn't the only thing.
One of his hands held a cellphone. Likely streaming porn. His other was around his fully erect cock, stroking himself. I took a pause, made a double-take to ensure I had seen correctly.
I had. Tim continued to masturbate, oblivious to the open blinds. I chose not to linger any further. It was a strangely intimate moment which was on display for anyone who happened to be out before sunrise.
The next morning, same routine. Workout. Walk the dogs. Same route. I noticed Tim and Jackie's master bathroom window. Clearly visible against a dark house. There was Tim again, naked and showering. Tim wasn't fat or particularly fit. Just an average tall American white guy. I was again surprised that the window wasn't covered.
For the next few days, I noticed the same morning routine. Tim, naked and showering, sometime jerking off, just minding his business, plainly visible to any onlookers. Perhaps this was on purpose.
Again, next week, similar routine, same route, same bathroom light on.
Only this time, it wasn't Tim. Jackie stood outside the shower, evidently preparing herself. She was stripping down, removing her bra just as I noticed her. Her full, round tits were exposed. Like my wife Cindy, Jackie was trim and petite. Yet unlike Cindy, Jackie clearly had her breasts augmented. Her tits were unnaturally full and round. Not that I minded the view.
Jackie got into the shower. I could imagine the hot water flowing over her smooth skin. I felt the sudden stir of arousal at this forbidden look at my neighbor.
Her clear shower door did nothing to obstruct my view of her hourglass figure or softball-round breasts. My stare lingered for a few moments and then I forced myself to move on.
After a three more weeks, same time, same route, same bathroom light on, I learned their routine. It wasn't every day, but I could expect to see one of them in the shower. Usually, Tim masturbating on Monday. Jackie's delightfully generous tits or slender, nude frame on Friday.
The third Friday, Jackie stood in front of the mirror, applying makeup. She wore a black bra and matching cheeky panties. I felt the tug of arousal again. I wondered if she often wore sexy panties to work. I felt a pang of jealousy- Cindy hadn't worn panties like that for work in two decades.
I should have been prepared for what I saw a few days later.
Winter was in full, oppressive swing. I wore more and more layers and could see my breath in the frigid morning air.
It was a Friday. I rounded the corner and expected to see Jackie. Instead, Tim stood inside the shower. Like he did so often, his cell phone was in hand. Yet he wasn't watching porn.
Just visible was Jackie, on her knees, her mouth wrapped around Tim's cock. Tim held his iPhone, filming his wife as she blew him. Jackie cupped his balls and looked up at her husband, stroking his cock the entire time.
DamnI thought, watching silently. Jackie squeezed Tim's cock between her breasts, rubbing his shaft with her slick breasts. My own erection swelled.
One of the dogs barked, interrupting. Time to move on.
I could've stayed to watch, but decided it was in everyone's interest to move on. I speculated that they knew that anyone on the sidewalk could watch them. It seemed apparent that they didn't care. Arousal sparked through me like electricity.
I tiptoed back into our own bedroom to shower, still aroused from the street. I hoped Cindy was awake. Maybe we could fool around a little. No luck.
Next week, same routine. This time, Tim and Jackie both inside the steamy shower, Tim fucking her from behind. She stood, bracing herself on the shower glass. Tim's hands held onto her petite hips. He slammed into her hard. Jackie's face contorted with pleasure. I imagined what her moans would sound like.
I enjoy the idea of being a voyeur. Yet Cindy is in a whole different league altogether.
It was time to bring Cindy into this.
*****
My wife Cindy, is considerably more aroused by voyeurism. Though she would only admit it after a third glass of wine. Her hidden internet search history often had the tag "voyeur" all over it.
In our twenties, we had attended a friend's wedding. Afterwards, we watched a bridesmaid through hotel drapes she'd left open. The bridesmaid lay on her back, dress hiked up, a groomsman passionately eating her out. The bridesmaid writhed, ignorant of the open drapes. Cindy's hand found her way down my pants until we were forced to leave. We returned to our room and had some of the most memorable sex to that point.
Or during a rare adults-only vacation, Cindy and I had been walking around the resort at night. We stumbled upon a couple who hadn't bothered to pull the curtains or turn out the lights. The unknown woman bounced up and down on the guy's lap. Cindy lifted her sundress and pulled my hand to the warmth between her legs. I pulled aside the fabric of her panties and we fucked between the palm trees, watching the anonymous couple. Cindy braced herself against a tree. She stifled her moans, trying not to be too loud. We continued like this until being interrupted by another wandering couple.
I had figured Cindy might love the idea of watching our neighbors. I figured correctly.
*****
On the night I finally shared this secret with Cindy, The two of us lay in bed, Netflix droning in the background. Our kids were fast asleep.
"Hey, there's something I think you should see."
Cindy smiled, but her probing eyes asked the question that remained unsaid.
"It's a surprise. Something sexy," I clarified.
"Tell me," Cindy demanded, the hint of a grin showed on her round face.
"Okay, fine. I've been seeing Tim and Jackie fucking."
"Really?"
I explained how they'd been having sex in the bathroom, lights on, windows open.
"You're spying on our neighbors?" Cindy was hard to read, but her mischievous grin crept wider.
I said nothing.
"I want to see." Her grin was devilish now. She grabbed my undivided attention when her hand slid under the waistband of my the sweats I wore to bed.
We came up with a plan.
Afterwards, Cindy turned out the lights. We kissed deeply.
*****
"Okay, we go." I said, my words breaking the quiet, frigid morning.
"Oh, shit!" Cindy nearly giggled.
On the following Friday, Cindy and I had exercised together in the garage. I lifted weights. Cindy sweated it out on her Peloton bike. Our workout was sexually charged. Her ass looked irresistible in her tight black yoga pants and I nearly interrupted her workout several times.
Like teenagers planning a discreet rendezvous, we planned to exercise early. We would leave the kids asleep and sneak out to try and catch a glimpse of Tim and Jackie.
They didn't disappoint.
Tim and Jackie stood fully nude in the shower. They were kissing, bodies pressed against each other. Jackie held Tim's erect cock, slowly stroking it. Jackie turned, braced herself against the glass while Tim slid his cock inside her. They began fucking in the shower.
Cindy was transfixed. I grabbed her butt, warm and smooth in her tight yoga pants. She didn't stop me.
I slid my hand across her ass, finding the warmth between her legs.
"Stop it!" she whispered, giggling. "We gotta go."
Charged with energy, my arousal raged. We quickly walked the dogs back to our house.
*****
Before long, we were back indoors, standing in our dark kitchen. Careful not to make too much noise, I began to prepare a pot of coffee.
Cindy took off her jacket and draped it over a chair. She removed her tank top next, wearing her black Lululemon yoga pants and sports bra. It was her usual routine, she'd strip after a workout. I suspect she knew it drove me wild.
Wordlessly, Cindy bent over the kitchen island. An obvious invitation. With four kids, Cindy and I believed we had achieved mastery of the quick and discreet fuck.
"Should we have coffee first?" Cindy wasn't actually asking about caffeine. She was clearly turned on, playfully attempting 'hard to get.'
The coffee pot began percolating, filling the room with its divine aroma. I crossed the kitchen and grabbed Cindy's ass. This time she didn't slow me down. My hands soon slid under her yoga pants and her panties, cupping the bare skin of her tight bottom.
"Later?" Cindy suggested coyly.
"Right now," I growled into her ear."
Something took over inside me. I pulled her close and started kissing her neck. Cindy gasped, pulled me closer. An imperceptible moan escaped her mouth.
We kissed, deeply and urgently. Cindy no doubt felt my swelling erection pressing against her.
I hooked my thumbs under her waistband and peeled both her yoga pants and panties down to her ankles.
She was fragrant. Her sex glistened in the pale light. She radiated heat. My fingers traced along her slick inner thighs.
I knelt behind her and buried my face in between her thighs. I parted her flesh to lick her pussy from behind.
Cindy stifled a gasp. Her grip tightened on the countertop. Her knees buckled. My tongue lapped at her clit.
"Give me your cock," Cindy abruptly turned and demanded, almost a gasp.
My shorts came off seconds later, Cindy's slender hands wrapped around my cock. Cindy spit in her palm, rubbed the saliva on the tip of my cock. She meant business now.
Cindy turned again, bent over the kitchen island. I guided myself against her velvety folds and met no resistance as I thrust into her from behind.
Her warmth engulfed me. I grabbed her hips, pulling her close.
The sex was quick, urgent and almost ferocious. Cindy grabbed my hand, pulling it between her legs.
My hands found her engorged clit. She held my hand against mine. I simultaneously rubbed the circles I knew she loved as I fucked her intensely. Cindy writhed in sync, ensuring her own orgasm.
"I'm coming," Cindy moaned, her voice an unrecognizable high pitch. She writhed under my touch and I felt a spasm as she came, breathing hard. Her fast orgasm put me over the edge. I announced that I was about to cum.
"Cum on my ass" Cindy breathed. "That's where I want it."
Cindy's dirty talk never failed to hasten the inevitable. The words barely escaped her lips and I already began coming.
I withdrew, shooting hot liquid across Cindy's backside. She gave a throaty laugh as I gave her butt a gentle smack.
We both stood in a sheen of sweat, breathing heavily. Wordlessly, we embraced, now kissing gently. The benefit of two decades together was that we knew how to get each other off in a hurry.
*****
The morning's supercharged quickie was the culmination of weeks of spying on our neighbors.
But, I paid less and less attention over the course of the next few weeks. Cindy and I returned to our routines. Tim and Jackie's morning nudity became a secret shared punchline.
Neither of us would forget our third wild.