Sportswife without sex
Reigniting my sex life
I met Perry in high school, passing in the halls, but I didn't really get to know him until my folks put me in Junior Achievement. We wound up in the same group, where we had to try to make a business on a shoestring. Oddly enough, we clicked, and he asked me out on a date. By the time we graduated, we were going steady.
We both decided to go to the community college in Charleston, West Virginia, as it was nearby. Perry was interested in sales, and swung a deal with a big manufacturer to become a salesman and they would pay his tuition. He worked part time for them, and would get a business degree. When he chose to fill out his non-degree classes, he chose classes to help him in his future job, like accounting and English composition.
On the other hand, my grades, and some grant proposals, got me a scholarship. Unlike Perry, I didn't really need a job, but I got an internship at the local museum. I chose to take some fun classes, like hypnotism. Oh, it wasn't called that, but I read the syllabus, and learned the course taught it, and that the subsequent courses would advance that training.
Near the end of our first year, he asked me to marry him. I had already caught wind of his desire when the local gossips spoke about his looking for a ring. They were in the restroom when they talked about it, and though they checked to see I wasn't about, they forgot to check the farthest stall. When I heard them talking about looking for me, I lifted my feet and went quiet. It worked, and I got all the details. After they left, I waited a few extra minutes before I exited the stall.
We immediately wanted a summer wedding, but had too many people to invite, to have it that summer. Planning for the next summer, however, meant we could have it fully planned, without much stress. I was daddy's little girl, and he wanted to send me off in style, so I got a really nice wedding dress, and we could have a big wedding.
My bridesmaids were friends from high school, college, and the museum. My best friend was the maid of honor. She and I met in elementary school, and even though her family moved, we kept in touch, and saw each other from time to time. Perry's groomsmen were from work, as was the best man. They all had the habit of watching Monday Night Football at a local bar. He had the better apartment, so we made that our married home while at college. At times, we would go to a party on campus somewhere, and he always encouraged me to wear something sexy.
After we graduated, he transitioned to full time with the plant, and would make assorted business trips, especially during the summer. While he traveled year round, the sales department chose to have status meetings every Monday. This meant that his friends would all be in town to watch the game together. We wanted to move to a small suburban duplex when we left our apartment. We wanted to have some kids, and figured we could grow our home as we grew our family. But one of the gag gifts we got for our wedding was a handful of lottery tickets from 'the boys'.
Well, on our honeymoon, we learned we hit the jackpot. Only a few million, but we went for the annuity, and parlayed that into paying for a large home with a large yard. That still left a lot to go around, so we had a little go to savings, and the rest went into retirement accounts. Had we wanted, neither of us would ever have to work again, if we were wise, but we both agreed that he should stay with the company, and I should continue to work for the museum. We would change the distribution once we had kids, to pay for daycare.
To that end, we fucked like rabbits on our honeymoon, but once the chaos of settling in the new home settled down, we wound up only having sex two or three times a week. It took months for me to notice, but it seemed when we went out for whatever reason, if I dressed sexy, or if other guys made improper comments about me, we usually had sex. I did my best to ignore the comments, as I really liked the sex.
About a year later, the bad news came. We had wondered why our doctor had called us both into his office, but what he had to say needed privacy.
"Janet, Perry, I regret I have bad news for you."
I asked, "What is it, doctor?"
"That last set of tests we did? Well, they confirmed our diagnosis. You two cannot have kids."
Perry said, "What!"
"As I said, no kids."
"Why, doctor?"
"Perry, you two are incompatible with each other."
Perry slumped when he heard that.
I said, "Hon, there are other options. Surely, there is something we can do. Maybe find a way to have in vitro fertilization or something."
"No. It's not the same." Then looking at the doctor, "Is there some way to make us compatible?"
"Your sperm count is very low, and while we might be able to treat that, your sperm has a second problem. You have poor swimmers."
"That's not possible. I have over a dozen nieces and nephews. I'm one of four children. My whole family is very fertile."
"Your family may be, but you are not. We knew of your family, that's why we tested your DNA. Your DNA is damaged. Our best guess, per your medical file, is that this happened when you got sick with that exotic virus as a child. We can't be sure it's the source, but it's known to cause genetic damage."
"So any child I might have would also have this problem?"
"Yes."
It was clear Perry didn't listen after that. The doctor suggested we see a counselor, but he just pushed away the documents the doc tried to give him. Shortly, he stood up, and said we should go. So I got up, and told Perry to warm up the car, while I took care of the paperwork for the visit. Seeing that, he left.
"Doc, can I have those documents about therapy? He may not want it now, but later..."
"Sure thing, Janet." He gathered them, and handed them to me. I folded them, and hid them in my purse. Then I did handle the paperwork, which was basically a summary of our results from the last round of tests, and the final bill. I paid with a credit card, and then joined Perry.
When we got back home, Perry was silent. He got out of the car and went inside. I followed, but when I saw him grab a six-pack from the fridge, I knew he wanted to be alone. So I headed to the patio.
An hour later, I looked to see where he was, and I heard sounds in the nursery. The door wasn't quite closed, so I looked in. I saw him on the floor, with the crib partially disassembled, and I realized the sound was him crying. I quietly went back to the kitchen, made dinner, and assembled a tray with a pair of greasy burgers with all the fixings, just as he liked. The second plate had my burger. I also had three bottles of water, as I figured he would need water after the six-pack.
When I got back to the door, I carefully knocked before entering. He looked up, red-eyed, and sniffled, trying to cover it up.
I just said, "I brought you dinner."
I then put the tray down on the floor and sat next to him. When he didn't do anything, I reached for his hand, and placed one of his burgers in it.
"You need to eat, whatever happens. So eat."
I then reached for my burger, and took a small bite out of it, while looking him in the eye. Then I nodded to him. He looked down at the burger he was holding and brought it to his mouth. Once started, his hunger took over, and he ate it. Soon, he was eating the second, and I had opened bottles for each of us. Finally, the food was gone.
"Go head to the bathroom. I am sure your tank needs to be emptied. I'll take care of the dishes."
He nodded, got up, and left the room, and shortly, I could hear him. He must have forgotten to close the door. I just gathered the dishes, bottles, and beer cans. I put the unopened beers back in the fridge, put the dishes on the counter for tomorrow, and took the water back upstairs. I couldn't believe he was still draining the lizard. So I waited for him to come out.
When he did, I said, "Come. Enough for today. Let's go to bed."
He seemed to comply, until I started to take his clothes off.
"Huh? It's still light."
"It may be light out, but we are both exhausted by the news. I want you to hold me, and we can just go to sleep."
"Oh. Okay."
He seemed to be on autopilot, and was down to his boxers, when he went under the covers. I placed my water bottle on my nightstand, and I put his, and the unopened one, on his nightstand. Then I undressed, and decided to not put on my nightie, and instead just wear my panties to bed. I got in, and slid over to him, and had him spoon with me, with him on the outside, with his arms about me.
"I want your arms about me, I want to feel your warm body next to mine. We still have each other." I then pulled one of his hands to my lips, and kissed it, before placing it on my stomach, with my own hands on it.
Then I got quiet, and tried to fake sleep, so he would fall asleep also. It took almost twenty minutes, and I lay there for him. When I heard him whimper in his sleep, I pulled his hand up again, and kissed it, saying, "We have each other, I love you." That seemed to help him. It was near midnight when I finally fell asleep.
In the morning, I woke to the bed moving. I turned my head, and opened my eyes. I saw Perry dressing. He turned and saw I was awake.
"Thank you, Janet. You're good for me. I don't know how I would have gotten to sleep last night, if you had not been here."
"Always, my love. I am here for you."
Perry seemed to function okay, but I got a call from his boss. I told him we had difficult news, and it hit Perry hard. I asked him to let him work through it, as he will make it up later. We spoke about therapy, and I said I was on it.
I actually was, but not just for him. I, too, was suffering, but I was not as attached to having kids as he was. Also, it was not my DNA that was broken. But I wasn't ever going to tell him that.
At the museum, during my breaks, I read through all the documents the doctor had given us, and I came to see my need for therapy. Not just for the loss of our future children, but for the loss of Perry, as he was dealing with things. I took time off work to see a therapist, and we talked through my things, but also we talked about how to get Perry help.
After a month of trying to talk him into coming with me, and failing, I asked the therapist, "Hey doc, would it be acceptable to use hypnotism to get him here?"
"That wouldn't be advisable. Getting him to see a hypnotist would just set the problems deeper."
"Maybe not. You see, while I majored in business, I have a minor in psych, and I know how to hypnotize. I'm sure he knew at the time, but I am sure he has forgotten. At the end of the day, when we go to bed, I think I could put him under."
"I didn't know you had that skill. Are you any good at it?"
"I made people bark at a few parties, back then. I've even made guys show their dicks without realizing."
"You'll have to tell me more, but off the clock, and after we've resolved your issues. Now, since you can handle things, I think it best that you get him to come, thinking he is humoring you, but that he will tell me his real thoughts, and to consider my suggestions. No more. The less we tamper with his will, the better."
"Yes doctor."
The next session, I told the doctor that he kept falling asleep before I could try to activate any commands. He said try when he wakes. I did, and we both came the next time.
Over the next three months, I learned a lot about how Perry thinks, and I learned why he almost never touched me anymore. It seems that since he could no longer sire children, his sex drive had severely diminished. Instead, he started compensating with man-stuff. He made the nursery into my crafts room. He even bought me a fancy printer I could use to make signs for the museum. The other empty room was converted into a solarium for me, for winter. It would be warm, with lots of windows letting in the light.
The living room became the sports room. He got a fifty-inch wall TV, and got cable with all the sports. It also had quadraphonic sound, or something like that, because some of those movies we watched, made you think you were really there. Soon, his friends from work were coming here every Monday night to watch the game. I was glad he was regaining interest in life, and I didn't mind acting as a waitress, bringing beer and chips, or whatever was available for the game. I was surprised that he wanted me to dress sexy for the guys. Maybe old habits die hard, but I didn't mind.
When winter came, I actually enjoyed relaxing in the solarium. I was there one October morning, when he came in.
"Hey Janet. Enjoying the sun?"
"Yes, dear. It feels good. I can relax with soft music and a book, and enjoy the sun also."
"Why don't you wear your bikini?"
"It's fall, not summer."
"So? It's warm here?"
"Yes."
"Then why not?"
"Well, the neighbors might see?"
He went over to the window, and looked back at me. "Anyone able to see you in a bikini will be too far away to know what they're seeing."
"Do you really think so?"
"Yes. Do you want me to go outside and double check?"
"No, no, you don't have to do that."
"Then why don't you go and change?"
I thought about that for a few moments, and decided it would be best to humor him. Putting my book down, I left to change. I returned a few minutes later in my bikini. That's when I realized a flaw in his thinking. Sitting down, it was true anyone who could see would be too far away. But getting to my seat was another matter. I would be standing, not sitting, and they could be far closer. I just quickly sat, and soon got comfortable, with a lot more sun on my skin. He was right, it sure felt better. I would just have to have a wrap, or be quick about getting in and out of my chair. Otherwise, my D-cups would draw too much attention.
It wasn't until winter that I realized the solarium was also good for work. You see, my tan didn't fade, because I spent several hours each week in the solarium soaking up some sun. Having a tan in the winter played well at work.
In the spring, Perry had another burst of home improvement. We got a swimming pool. It was Olympic sized. We also put in a high fence around the yard, for privacy. He said we should baptize it on Memorial Day. We'd invite some friends, and I could get a nice, new, sexy bikini. Well, I got the bikini, but the invitations morphed into his football friends.
Well, I saw to the party, and made sure there was plenty of beer and steaks. I also put out a large spread of other things, like baked potatoes, salad, juice, and some apple pie for dessert.
The time came for the party, and Perry had insisted I wear my bikini the whole time. I figured I would soon blend into the crowd with the other women coming. Except, when the guys came, they arrived all at the same time, and I didn't see a date or wife with any of them.
"Hello fellas. No women?"
Karl said, "No, Janet. Lucky us, we're all single."
I led the way out back, saying, "What about dates?"
"Perry said it was beer and steaks. Not exactly women friendly."
"But I have other stuff, including salad."
Greg said, "Sorry Janet. Simon's the only one currently with a girlfriend, and she's out of town."
"Oh." I felt a little deflated.
Greg added, "Don't worry. We'll be okay. You go ahead and enjoy swimming and tanning. With that grill out there, I'm sure we'll all be hanging out next to it, and that cooler of beer next to it."
I had already been swimming last week, after the pool maintenance guy said everything was set. We just had to keep the filters cleaned out, and the service would handle the rest. So, I headed over to the water, and dove in. I decided to do a few laps, and at least get some exercise in. Afterwards, I decided to pull in a floating pad, and I then lay down on top of it. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but I could clearly tell they were all watching me. I was surprised I wasn't more embarrassed, given I was wet and in a bikini.
When they announced dinner, I woke up, and quickly realized where I was by falling in. Sputtering, I came up for air and got my bearings. I headed for the ladder nearest the grill, and climbed out. Everyone stared at me as I walked over. Perry handed me a plate with a small steak, and I went and sat down at the table. The others got their steaks, and sat, even as I was adding salad to my plate. Perry and Greg took a baked potato, but the others didn't. Soon, conversation died down, and everyone was eating. After dinner, I went in and changed, before coming back out.
That night, as we were going to bed, I was surprised to see an erection on Perry. The smile that accompanied it, made me realize this was arousal, and not body randomness. We actually fooled around for at least half an hour, before we had a quickie. He came, but was out before I could come. Damn.
Throughout the summer, I used the pool every weekend, and once a month some of my friends would visit for a pool day. Perry was gracious enough to grill for us, and even would grill vegetables along with the steak. I think it was motivated by seeing all of us in our bikinis. Certainly, he was more amorous the night of such an event.
Labor Day was a repeat of Memorial Day, except I had on a different bikini. Even the meal was the same. Simon was between girlfriends, and Greg, who was single last time, had a girlfriend, but she wasn't invited. At least we had sex that night.
It was becoming clear that I wasn't enough to inspire sex by myself. It seemed the only time I got any action was when there was some form of external stimulation.
Fall faded into winter, and brought the momentous occasion of the start of the football season. I again played hostess, and again Perry encouraged me to wear something sexy.
Three weeks into the season, Perry made a poor attempt to hypnotize me. After seeing him try several times over the course of an hour, I used the special words I had assigned when I got him to go to therapy with me, and put him into a trance.
"Perry, are you trying to hypnotize me?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"I want you to be extra sexy for the game, next Monday."
"How so?"
"I want you to not wear a bra, when you are playing hostess."
"But then my breasts will jiggle a lot, and my nipples might be visible."
"Uh-huh. I told the guys I would hypnotize you to do it, and they are looking forward to it."
It took me a moment to realize what he was implying, and I wasn't ready to deal with that yet, so I put things on hold.
"Okay, Perry. You have failed to hypnotize me today, so you will try on the weekend, instead. You will not remember being hypnotized. When you wake, you will excuse yourself, so you can grab a beer." I then woke him.
"Excuse me, darling, but I need to get a beer." He then headed for the refrigerator.
I had a few days to think it over, and I even asked him a few more questions under hypnosis, before I made my decision. I'm not a great fan of bras, so I do appreciate the comfortable feel of not wearing one. Also, as long as my top covered my nipples, it wouldn't be any worse than them seeing me in a bikini. So I decided to do it. But I wanted to make my husband happy, so on Friday evening, I put him under, again.
"Perry, earlier tonight you hypnotized me. It wasn't easy, and you had to spend a while talking to me, before you managed to make me agree to not wear a bra Monday. You only asked for one time, and you will proudly inform the guys what you did, but you will do so when I am out of the room. You will not remember me putting you under, nor that I said anything, but you will do as I have instructed."
Saturday, while he was hanging out with the guys at the bar, I was busy figuring out what to wear on Monday. I knew he would want it sexy, but since I would not be wearing a bra, I wanted to be sure it hid my nipples well enough. I must have tried ten outfits before finding one that was sexy, yet hid my nipples. I checked it in the mirror, with all the lights on, and the light coming in from the window. I was good to go. Putting the other outfits back, I changed back into my normal clothes, and set this outfit aside for Monday.
When I welcomed the guys for the game, they didn't notice at first. When I went to grab some more beers, it was clear Perry had alerted everyone. I did my best to ignore their inappropriate attention. Oddly, I wasn't as embarrassed as I expected to be.
That night, as we were getting ready for bed, Perry spoke up.
"Hold up, hun. Let me undress you."
I stopped, and looked at him, giving him a questioning look. Then I noticed his erection, so I nodded yes.
"Okay. What brings this on?"
"You did. You looked so sexy today. I want to show my appreciation."
So I stepped up to him and let him undress me. He did it slowly, and was clearly aroused.
Once I was undressed, he said, "Go lay on the bed." So I did.
As I did, he undressed quickly, with clothes flying everywhere. Then he hurried next to me. We had a few minutes of foreplay, before he took me. I think he tried to hold out so I could also come, but he didn't quite make it. Afterwards, he apologized. He held me, and soon we were both sleeping.
I wasn't surprised too much when he tried to hypnotize me again, and I learned he wanted me to be braless again for Monday's game. This time, as I hypnotized him, I told him he succeeded. That weekend, I chose another outfit. It also hid my nipples.
When the guys came, it was clear they were expecting me to be braless. The guys definitely paid attention to me. That evening we had sex again. After a few more weeks of this, I made Perry think he made the command for me to be braless to apply to every game. I found I was kind of enjoying the attention, and I definitely liked the once-a-week sex, even if it wasn't all that inspired.
I was surprised the week before the Super Bowl when he tried to hypnotize me again. I soon learned he wanted me to wear a more revealing top. So I had him pick one, that I felt wasn't too inappropriate. It was a light-patterned shirt, that hinted at my nipples without showing more than that.
Come game day, the guys appreciated my outfit, giving me several compliments. Perry proudly welcomed the guys in. Everyone loved that the teams were scoring a lot of points, as it made for a very exciting game. Near the end of the fourth quarter, our team was down a few points, but the other team had the ball, and looked like they might score.
What happened next surprised everyone. Our team picked off a short pass, and started running downfield. That brought all the guys out of their seats, cheering, and yelling encouragement. I was right in there with them, also cheering. Number 52 looked like he would break away, but there was one opponent between him and the goal. His teammate, number 67, was tight behind him, and to the side. At first, it looked like they would switch places, but it wasn't timed right. The opponent kept pace with number 52. But just as he was about to tackle him, number 52 twisted around, and number 67 took the ball from his hands, and ran all the way past the goal line.
The announcers went wild, and so did the guys. Greg knocked Simon's glass of beer up in the air, and it went all over me. While I noticed I got wet, and yelled at them, I wasn't thinking about my shirt, but about the fact we just scored and won the game. I figured I would need the carpet cleaner tomorrow, but that was tomorrow. Today was for celebration.
We eventually settled down, and the final moments of the game were tense, but no scoring happened. Thus our team won. We let the TV continue through the after-game show before the guys left.
Then Perry rushed me, and said, "Let's get to the bedroom. I want you now."
I didn't wait, and I left the room dirty, instead of cleaning it first. When I got to our bedroom, I started taking off my jewelry, and placed it in my jewelry box. As I did, I noticed my shirt was still somewhat damp, and more embarrassing, kind of see-through. Thinking back to when it happened, it would have been very wet, and thus even more transparent. I immediately got very embarrassed. That's when Perry finished undressing, and came over to me to help me undress. What was clear was his erection. I decided to put my emotions aside, so I could enjoy his body.
Well, I was well rewarded. The foreplay was limited at first, as he was desperate to penetrate me. But after he came, he got more attentive. It took him a while to recharge, but he used that time to please me. He spent a lot of time on my tits, and also my clit. He knows I like it when he does that. When he finally penetrated me again, my clit was already prepared to light up. As it was, I had a large orgasm. He also came, but that put him out. I think he has lost his endurance because of a lack of practice.
That night, I had great dreams. Erotic dreams. Some were almost nightmares, because I was kind of exposed to others while Perry paraded me around his friends. I say almost, because I did not feel very frightened or ashamed in those dreams, and did feel aroused.
I got up early, so I could get a head start on cleaning up the remains of the party. I left off vacuuming, and when I had cleared nearly everything, I realized I would still need to get a carpet cleaner. But that would have to wait, as I needed to get to work.
I was somewhat rushed, and hurried through my shower, and quickly selected an outfit. I picked one of my standard ones, and added the usual jewelry for it. I arrived five minutes before I had to start, so I was late. I usually was here twenty minutes early, so I could enjoy a quick coffee from the museum cafe. I would have to forgo one today.
Despite feeling a little sleepy from a lack of coffee, my morning went well. I got a few compliments on my outfit, but I thought nothing of it. It wasn't until I was in the ladies room after I finished lunch, that I realized I had forgotten something. I was reapplying some lipstick when I noticed my nipples were barely visible. Looking carefully, I realized I had forgotten my bra. Well, there wasn't anything I could do about it, so I did my best to ignore it.
That afternoon, I paid a lot more attention to how others reacted to me. A number of guys took a bit longer to check me out, usually looking at my breasts. More people complimented my outfit. Added with the comments from this morning, that was probably three times what I might normally get. Clearly, my lack of a bra was responsible. At the same time, my boss was one of those complimenting me. Clearly, he didn't object to what I wore - or didn't.
The oddest thing that happened over the next week, was that I was beginning to see my values change. I was finding I was not as embarrassed by my body as before, and I was actually considering deliberately going braless more often, and more places. But it would be a while before I actually did.
In the spring, as usual, we would go out every other week to some nice restaurant. I decided that 'dress sexy' would now mean 'skip the bra'. Those first two times were a little nerve wracking, especially because I was trying not to show my nervousness. By the third time, my nerves had settled down, and I was able to relax more. I did notice a bit more attention. After getting home, Perry was amorous in bed. By the end of spring, I realized Perry got turned on by showing me off.
For summer, I wore a bikini anytime I was out back, including when the guys visited for a barbecue. Given how they commented on my bikini, and looked at me while Perry was watching, I was unsurprised that we had sex those nights. Likewise, when we went out, I wore something sexy; that is, without a bra. Due to the heat, my clothes were often lightweight. More than once, I could spot the shape of my nipples, and sometimes I could barely see my nipples through my top. By the fall, I had come to accept that I, too, was turned on by being seen, and stopped wearing bras. The museum staff and visitors quickly noticed, and I got quite a few compliments. There were some visitors, however, that didn't appreciate it, but I think they were all either jealous women, or very conservative.
I had just sent off emails to the guys, inviting them over for the first game of the season, when Perry tried to hypnotize me. I decided to play along at first, and was surprised at what he wanted.
"Janet, when you watch the game with us, I want you to wear a top that buttons up. Whenever either team scores a touchdown, I want you to undo a button, but not realize you are doing it."
So, I replied, "If I do that, the guys might see my nipples." I wondered just how far he would go. I learned.
"No, they won't notice. They'll be too interested in the game. But I'll know, and I'll be appreciative afterwards."
I know they guys would notice. By now, I knew Perry would tell the guys ahead of time. I would know for certain if they looked at me after a score, instead of looking at the extra point.
"Oh! Okay. I'll do that."
He then gave his signal to wake me, and then left.
I was in it now. If the game scored high, I might undo all my buttons. Then what? Well, I can't undo a button that's not done, so I decided that if I undo all the buttons, that would be it.
I didn't have to wait for Monday to know. I overheard Perry on the phone to one of the guys, telling him of the plan, and how he had hypnotized me again. The next two days, I thought a lot about it, and finally came to the conclusion that I would let it happen if it did. We were in private, and they didn't flash cameras during the game. And if I did show a little too much, Perry would likely be all over me later. That last point was quite important to me.
Because I rarely worked Mondays, I took my time preparing. This included a bubble bath with scent beads, followed by a little sunning in the solarium right afterwards. What really felt naughty was that I entered wearing only the towel, and after sitting, I took it off. Enjoying the sun on my nude body, and feeling naughty, was a turn-on. I masturbated from time to time, and had maybe a dozen orgasms, before I left to get dressed. As I didn't see anyone in the yard when I sat up, I decided to just grab the towel and exit quickly rather than try to cover myself before leaving.
I dressed as normal for the game, leaving off my bra, and selecting a button-down shirt. Then I went downstairs to prepare for the game. I put some six-packs in the fridge, got out the chips and dips, the pretzels, and got the hot dogs into the pot. After cooking, or rather re-heating, since they were already cooked, I placed them in the oven, along with the buns. It was on low, so they would stay warm. I set up the kitchen table with the chips, and other edibles for halftime and commercial breaks. I had plates, condiments, and plenty of napkins as well.
I also opened the bag of ice I bought Sunday, and put some in the ice bucket on the table, next to the Sprite. Sprite was my drink, but since it was there, the guys helped themselves to it as well. I was fine with that, as I didn't want them to drive home drunk, and a little soda was a small price to pay. I then went back to my room to put on a little makeup. Not enough to be seen, but enough to hide anything that tried to be an imperfection. I also spent a little time applying a little to my chest, to make it a little better. Then I buttoned up my shirt to where I would usually wear it, and headed downstairs. I only had to wait fifteen minutes before Perry and the guys arrived.
"Hello, guys. Dogs in the oven, chips in the kitchen, and I'll fetch the first six-pack."
Simon said, "Thanks, Janet. You're the best."
Perry added, "Thanks, doll. You look great."
"Glad you like it."
Perry took them to get seated, and I went and got a six-pack. After giving them out, I went and got my drink.
The first time a team got close to the goal, I spotted the guys trying to sneak a look my way. But the opponent stopped them, and they had to settle for a field goal.
The next time, was near the end of the first half, and there was no way to make a touchdown, so they settled for a field goal.
After halftime, the kickoff looked to be long, so the kicking team didn't put a lot of effort into their running. However, the receiver, number 87, saw, and chose to run. He caught it almost on the goal line, and managed to run it in for a touchdown. As he was on our team, we all jumped up to cheer, and as we sat back down, I casually lifted a hand to undo a button on my shirt without looking. Instead, I kept watching the TV, and used my peripheral vision to watch the guys.
Well, they all looked over at me for several seconds, before they got their eyes back on the game. While three more field goals were scored, that was the only touchdown. I saw the guys off, and noted they all tried to look down my shirt, but I pretended not to notice. That night, Perry was very attentive as we had sex.
Over the week, I thought a lot about the trade-off I was making. Letting others see more of me for more and better sex with Perry. The odd thing was that I was not experiencing increasing embarrassment, but instead, increasing arousal. It sure helped that Perry was back with me those evenings to take the edge off. One of the ways I indulged my newfound desire to be seen without actually being seen, was to wear my bikini in the solarium, but to take my top off after I sat down. Sometimes, after a bath, especially on Mondays, I would lay down nude in the solarium.
Over the next month, Perry had me do the same every game day. I wasn't too worried, as few games had four touchdowns, let alone the six needed to get all the buttons on my shirt open. But Perry made other plans. Starting the second month, he added field goals, and when a touchback happened, he added any score. Twice, that third month, I ran out of buttons. I know the guys looked, because when I leaned in slightly when I handed them a beer, my shirt fell open briefly.
Then came 'The Game'. It wasn't particularly important, but the odds-makers were predicting it to be a high-scoring game. So I expected I might have all my buttons undone before the second half. I knew they would get several peeks at my nipples, but we all pretended everything was perfectly normal, and no one ever said anything about it. Perry, however, had other ideas.
It started with hypnotism. He again tried to hypnotize me, but I didn't want to wait the half hour it would take him, as there was a TV show I wanted to watch in a few minutes. So I flipped the tables, and said his trigger word.
"Perry, you want to hypnotize me. Why?"
"Janet, during the game, I want you to take off your shirt if you run out of buttons."
"Is that all?"
"Yes."
I thought about it for a bit then I decided to ensure a reward.
"If I wind up removing my shirt during the game, that evening, you will make me come at least three times. Agreed?"
"Yes."
"You will not remember our conversation. Instead, you will remember hypnotizing me to remove my shirt if I run out of buttons."
Then I woke him up.
All through my show, I kept thinking about what would happen when I took my shirt off. I continued thinking about it in any spare moments I had, and a few moments that were not spare. Eventually, the day of the game came, and I had my bubble bath and naked tan. I got dressed, did my makeup, set up, and was ready by the time the guys showed up.
The odds-makers were wrong. It wasn't high scoring, but very high scoring. I wound up topless in the first quarter. But I had planned it well. I waited for the guys' celebration to settle down before I tried to find a button. They were all looking at me, but I was clearly looking at the TV. When my hand failed to find a button to undo, I then casually removed my shirt and dropped it at my feet, all without looking away from the TV. Then for the rest of the evening, I totally ignored the fact I was topless, even still leaning a little into them when I handed them their beers, like I always did.
When I escorted them to the door, I didn't hide behind the door, but acted like I was clothed. When the door closed, Perry pulled my hand, and said, "Upstairs, now."
Feigning ignorance, I said, "Huh?"
"Bed. Now. I want you."
"Oh!" Then I rushed up the stairs behind him, and my skirt and panties were off and I was on the bed before he was undressed.
We had wild sex, and he was really revved up. So much so, that he got me to orgasm four times before he tapped out.
I slid over and cuddled him as he lay there. "I love you, Perry."
He slurred, "I love you too, sweetie."
We woke up naked. Throughout the day, I thought back to the game, at how I felt when I was topless. That's when I realized that for most of the time, my nipples were hard and pointy. Looking at myself later, while thinking about it, I saw I was aroused again. Still? Whatever. Apparently, I am a closet exhibitionist. Now what?
I felt it was time for a hypnotic heart-to-heart talk with Perry. Thursday evening, we had time, so I put him under.
"Perry. Does showing me off, get you aroused?"
"Yes."
"Will me showing more of me arouse you more?"
"Yes."
"Last Monday, I took off my top in front of the guys. Did this please you?"
"Oh yes, it did."
"You were aroused?"
"I got so hard. I was afraid I would come in my pants."
Changing my voice a little, I gave him a command. "You will have sufficient control that you will not have that problem."
"I have sufficient control."
Back in conversation mode, "The way things are headed, I suspect you want me to eventually get naked in front of the guys. Would this please you?"
"Yes, it would. Especially if I could play with your tits and pussy."
That put me back a bit.
"Do you want to have sex with me in front of the guys?"
"No."
I felt relieved. At least for a moment.
Then he added, "I want to watch you have sex with them."
Oh dear! Not what I expected.
"Very well. You may hypnotize me in stages to being naked, but no sex. For now, you will not remember our conversation, but will instead think you hypnotized me to continue like I did the last game, where I removed my shirt. When you need more, hypnotize me again."
I woke him up. Looks like I had a lot of thinking to do about what I was willing to do for this marriage. I loved him, but the idea of having sex with others jarred with the idea of being true. Yet, it was he who wanted me to do it.
As the season wore on, I wound up topless three more times. But to settle my mind, I created a secret account on a sex forum, and laid out my situation. I was surprised at their response. Only a few went with being true no matter what, but most said that since consent was given, and he would have knowledge of the acts, that it was acceptable. I thought about all the replies, and I realized I was with the majority. But I would let that wait for a while.
In the spring, Perry started suggesting I wear more revealing clothes when we went out. I figured by this time, it was not worth fighting myself, so I agreed. These clothes you could usually see the shape of my breast, and the color of my nipple. Never enough to get a complaint, but sufficient to get a lot of attention.
When Memorial Day came, we had a cookout with the guys, and I was the only woman there, and in my bikini. Well, after a bit, Perry calls me out of the pool. I get out and head to the grill, where everyone else is gathered.
"Yes, dear?"
Perry immediately went into his hypnotizing routine. Realizing he was showing off, I played along, and let them all think he had me under.
"Janet, I have a new instruction for you. Here in the backyard, when you wear a bikini, you don't need to wear the top. In fact, you prefer not wearing it. You are fully aware everyone can see your breasts, but it is okay here. In fact, it will feel completely normal to have them out here."
They guys were whispering suggestions as he went along. Then one really got his attention.
"Janet, you don't mind others putting lotion on your body. It will be perfectly normal for them to put lotion on any exposed skin, no matter how private it might be."
"Do you understand?"
"I don't need to wear a bikini top in my own back yard, and I am okay with people looking at my exposed body. I also don't mind others putting lotion on my exposed areas."
"Good. Wake up."
I gave him my normal 'waking up' sequence, and asked, "What's up?"
"The guys were just noticing your nice outfit."
"Oh, this thing? Yeah, it's nice." I then reached back and took my top off. "Ah, that feels better."
Then I looked over at the guys, and said, "I bet you guys like looking at my tits, don't you."
They nodded. So I got up, leaving my top behind, and went back into the pool. After getting out, I lay facedown on a towel.
Karl came over, and asked, "Would you like me to put lotion on your back?"
I turned my head and looked at him, and said, "Sure. The lotion is above my head."
He reached for it, and then started putting lotion on my back. When he did the sides, he slid his hands a little below, but not far enough to feel nipples. He got a lot of side boob. When he finished that, I suggested he get the back of my legs also. Later, he put the lotion back, and I relaxed.
Half an hour later, I turned over, and almost instantly, Simon came and offered to put lotion on me. As he neared my breasts, I said, "Be sure to completely cover my nipples. They are sensitive, and the idea of sunburned nipples is not fun. So be sure to do them well."
With this obvious consent, he proceeded to put lotion all over my front. He spent extra time on my breasts, and then also spent time pulling my nipples, saying he was ensuring they were covered. I pretended to be convinced, and lay there another half hour.
Dinner was then called, so I got up and got my food and sat as though everything was normal.
Greg said, "Hey, Janet. I saw Simon pulling your nipples. Was he playing with you?"
"No. He was putting on lotion. He had to be sure my nipples were well covered."
Later, I lay down again, and I made sure Greg and Karl both got a chance to play with my nipples.
When they left, Perry didn't wait. He just reached over to my bottoms, and pulled the strings that released it. Now I was naked. While I was processing that, he dropped his pants, and I saw his erection. Then he took me, right there behind the door. Eventually, we made it over to the couch, but he was all over me. We woke up on the couch about three AM, and relocated to our bed. We had sex again, and went back to sleep.
I wasn't sure, then, of what his reaction would be to letting them play with my nipples. My reaction was arousal, especially knowing Perry was watching and getting aroused. Later, Perry's desire for me was almost insatiable, until he ran out of energy. That settled the question for me. I would let them have sex with me, eventually.
While the next day was not an actual holiday, we both had decided to take the day off, and enjoy our pool. When I came out, I left my top by the lounger I usually used. Then I headed into the pool to swim. He dropped the towels between our chairs, and followed me in. We had fun in the pool, and he often played with my breasts. Eventually, we went back to the chairs to relax and get some sun.
About an hour later, we heard the pool service arrive. I did nothing, as he had 'hypnotized' me to thinking being topless in a bikini was acceptable here. I was curious what he would do. Well, the middle-aged man clearly saw me, and I made no attempt at modesty.
Bill said, "Nice tits."
"Thanks."
I had no idea he would be that forward, but when I looked over to Perry, I saw the start of an erection. Clearly, this was turning him on.
Bill then did his job, but took his time, and used the extra time to stare at my tits. When he was finished, he came up to me, and told me the status of the pool. The whole time staring at my D-cups. He told me lots of details he usually glossed over most weeks, but I was focused on Perry. The whole time, his erection was getting more visible. Finally, Bill said goodbye. Clearly he ran out of excuses to stare.
Once his truck left, Perry said, "Honey, let's go for another dip." He got up and extended me his hand.
I could clearly see the tent in his shorts. He wasn't even trying to hide it. We jumped in the shallow end, and the next thing I know, he has whipped off my bikini bottoms and pulled out his dick. He then advanced on me, and I let him, as I, too, was feeling horny.
Afterwards, I said, "Perry, honey. That was wonderful. But what if someone had seen us. At least in the pool, I can hide my pussy, but once I leave the pool, anyone can see."
"It's okay, honey."
"The pool man is not the only person who comes. There's also the lawn mowing service, and the gardening service."
"Oh, they won't be bothered if they see you nude."
"But."
"Shhh..."
Then he went into his hypnosis routine. He really didn't understand hypnotism, and I had to play along, feeding him the right words to say, without him noticing. The gist was that I didn't feel a need to wear a swimsuit when I was out here to swim or tan.
Well, as I usually went swimming on my weekend of Sunday and Monday, I started to get naked in the bedroom, then head downstairs, and out back into the pool. I made sure to do it initially when Perry could see what I was doing. As Sunday was the gardening crew of two college-age guys, they got to see me nude.
Not long after they came, Perry came out, and said, "You want me to do you?"
"Sure. It's time for me to turn over." I then went facedown, and said, "I'm ready."
Both gardeners watched, as Perry put lotion all over my body. He even made sure my tush got sufficient lotion by moving my legs a bit apart. I knew that meant my pussy was visible. Then he put lotion on it, as well. That was enough for me to come, so I did.
"Oh, that felt so nice. Thanks dear."
A few minutes later, he went inside and brought out some dogs, and started the grill. Not long after that, as the gardeners were starting to pack up near me, I turned over, and called out, "Hey, Perry! Time to do my front. It feels so good when you put lotion everywhere."
"I'm sorry, honey, but I'm busy making dinner. Maybe one of the gardeners will help?"
I turned to them, and asked, "Will one of you put some lotion on me? I don't want to sunburn."
They looked at each other, and said in unison, "Yes!" Then they both scurried over, leaving their packing up in a mess. They went on either side of me.
I looked at one then the other, then said, "Each of you do one half of me. Here's the lotion." I held it up, and closed my eyes.
As soon as the bottle was taken, I barely opened my eyes, and watched as they silently fought for my body. Eventually, they came to an agreement, and started putting lotion on me. I didn't have to guide these guys, as they both quickly were each doing a breast.
After they were there a few minutes, I said, "Don't forget the rest."
Soon, they started doing other parts of me. When they came to my legs, I could feel they were fighting to do my pussy.
I opened my eyes, got on my elbows, and said, "Guys. No need to fight. Take turns. Do a few strokes then switch. I don't mind if I have a little extra lotion between my legs. It's better than sunburn. Then I leaned back, and mostly closed my eyes.
It didn't take long for them to take turns stroking my pussy. After a bit, one of them put a finger in me. I heard a quiet, whispered argument about it, but the result was that the other then fingered me. It didn't take long to escalate. Two fingers, then three. Then it was a full-fledged effort to make me come. Well, they were successful. After they did, they withdrew, obviously thinking they went too far.
Without opening my eyes, I said, "Thanks guys. That was wonderful."
I saw them look over to Perry, and decided discretion was indicated, so they went back to packing up.
If Perry had not been cooking, I think he would have immediately come over and done me right then. As it was, he was sporting wood. He brought the food to the table, and called me to dinner.
He sat down, and when I went to the other side, he said, "Come sit on my lap."
When I got there, he had already pulled his trunks down, and his dick was pointed straight up. Realizing his intent, I sat down, and made sure his dick went inside me. I then gently rocked my hips, and got my food. With one hand, he got his own food, and with the other, he played with my breasts.
Once dinner was over, we went and put a towel on the ground and had sex on it.
For the rest of the summer, I went swimming nude in the back yard. I let any of the service people put lotion on me, and if they felt me up, I let them. I also let the finger me. But I did not let them actually have sex. I, likewise, stopped wearing my bikini in the solarium, and didn't even try to hide my body as I entered and left the room.
When the guys came over to use the grill, they found me skinny dipping, and letting them play with my body with the excuse of putting lotion on me. After they left, I always had great sex with Perry.
After the Labor Day barbecue, Perry seemed to get ill. After a number of tests with the doctors, it turns out he had too much red meat, and it was clogging his arteries. He took some medicine, but it seemed to also reduce his sex drive. He was reluctant to talk, so I hypnotized him.
He really was losing his sex drive, but was also losing interest in life. So I asked him if there was anything I could do to help him regain interest. That was when he indicated he wanted to watch me have sex with the guys. I realized the time had come. So I agreed.
I had time before the games to figure out how to set it up. Eventually, I figured out a reasonable path.
I hypnotized him, and said, "You will remember hypnotizing me to be naked when I host. You told me it is okay to be naked in front of the guys like I was when swimming. You will tell them that it is okay to feel me up, as long as it is quick. A few days after the second game you will remember also hypnotizing me to let them finger me, and suck on my nipples. The day after the fifth game, you will remember hypnotizing me that when I see a dick while the guys are over for the game, I will sit on it, and have sex, with no memory of it."
I went through these instructions a number of times, so he would truly think they were the results of his skill. I even had him repeat them back to me. Then I gave the usual, forget-and-do instructions before waking him.
Come game day, I was dressed sexily, as usual, when I welcomed them in. I said, "Hello, guys. The den is ready. Come follow me."
They said hello back, and followed me, where I handed each a beer as soon as they sat down. When Perry came in, I handed him his beer.
"Here you go, honey. While you guys chat, I'll slip into something comfortable."
I then went upstairs to the bedroom, where I took my clothes off, then looking in the mirror, I applied subtle makeup to my body to hide any perceived imperfections. Once ready, I squared my shoulders, and thrust my breasts high and proud, and saw how I looked in the mirror. They looked fine. Then I looked down, and saw the close trim of my pubic hair. I don't know how many hours I spent checking out popular porn sites to figure out what trim would work best for me. I almost went shaved, but decided to put that off a bit.
Heading back downstairs, I went to the kitchen to get my Sprite, then went to the living room. I then went to sit in my usual place, between two of the guys on the couch. Today, Karl and Greg were next to me. At the first commercial break, Greg looked past me, and said, "Perry, you said...?"
Perry turned to us, and said, "Yes, Greg. It's okay."
Greg then placed his hand on my breast, and gave it a few strokes. I totally ignored it, or at least, tried to make it look like I didn't notice. I couldn't help that my nipples showed their appreciation. Meanwhile, Greg's eyes got big, as did Karl's. Karl then put a hand on my leg, and slowly brought it up. When he got where he was headed, he started going up and down on my pussy. I ignored that as well.
Karl then decided to push things. I felt him start to slide a finger in. At this, I squirmed, and then got up and left for the kitchen. I stopped as soon as I was out of sight, and I heard a sort-of whispered conversation about what Karl had done. Perry basically told him I wasn't ready for that. As it finished, I realized Perry was enforcing the rules about my body. I then went and grabbed a small bowl of chips for myself, and returned. I sat with the bowl between my legs, and kept a hand in it most of the time.
Greg decided to test if I would still allow him to touch my breasts, and was pleasantly satisfied when I did. At halftime, we all went to the kitchen for burgers. When the second half started, Greg and Simon went first, and took the couch, forcing Karl to the second chair. It didn't take long for Simon to feel me up.
When the game finished, I escorted them to the front door. I was still naked, and did nothing to hide my body as the door was opened. They all said goodbye, and I closed the door after them. I didn't bother to put any clothes back on, and as soon as the mess was cleaned up, Perry pulled me on the couch, and had sex with me.
The next week, after my shower on game day, I didn't bother to get dressed. I prepared the drinks and eats, naked. When Perry came home, he was surprised, but didn't say anything. The guys, however, were stunned when I opened the door to them stark naked. I pretended it was perfectly normal, and invited them in. Things went pretty much the same as last week, but no one tried to finger me.
After sex, while he was almost out, I hypnotized him to think he hypnotized me to allow the guys to finger me and suck on my tits. I barely finished my commands before he was out. I got up, and quietly cleaned up the room, and the kitchen.
Well, the next game day started the same, but just after halftime started, the doorbell rang. Karl was fingering me, and Simon was sucking a nipple.
Perry said, "Honey? It looks like the pizza guy's here. Can you get it?"
"I thought we were going to have dogs."
"The guys wanted something else." Just then there was another ring. "The door?"
"Okay." I got up, and the guys let me. I felt their eyes on me as I went to the door, naked.
I looked through the peephole and saw a college student we knew. Then I steeled myself, and opened the door.
"Hello, Jeremy. This is our pizza?"
He was thunderstruck, and stared at my naked body.
So I prompted, "Did they prepay?"
This shook him a bit, but he responded, "Yeah. They even left a tip." He handed me the pizza.
"Good. See you next time." Then I closed the door and brought the pizza in.
Soon, they were again feeling me up, fingering me, and sucking my nipples. But I was thinking about what I had just done. I opened the door to a relative stranger while nude. I couldn't believe how aroused I was. It wasn't until I had an orgasm that I remembered I was still being the guys' plaything. I had another orgasm later during the game.
I noticed that Perry was erect all of the second half. After the guys left, he took me on the couch. I knew what was coming next week, and I had to prepare.
I went to my usual drug store, and after being unable to select a brand of condoms, I wound up asking the pharmacist for his recommendation. He was an older man, and definitely noticed my lack of a bra. So he came out and took me to the section where they were, and told me the various options.
Then he asked me, "Ma'am, do you know what size you need?"
"Um, not really. I haven't had sex with the guys yet, so I don't know. I think I'll know next week."
He raised one eyebrow, like Spock, and I remembered he does prescriptions for Perry and me. So I just admitted to cheating.
I hastened to add, "Perry wants to watch, and he finally convinced me."
"Oh. So, I see... Well," he picked out three boxes, and added, "These are your best choices." He then described their differences.
"I'll take all three. I won't need that many, but I want to be prepared."
I thanked him, then headed to the front, and I saw a young woman on the only checkout counter. As I neared, I realized she was a known gossip. Too late now, as she had seen I was coming. I paid, and then headed to a vintage shop. I went looking for little boxes to put the condoms in.
On Monday, the guys didn't realize they were there, until Karl pulled out his dick. I noted the size, then went to a box, opened it, pulled out a condom, then headed to Karl. Without asking, I put the condom on with my mouth, then sat on his lap, aiming his erection into my pussy.
Everyone stopped doing anything, to stare at us. Even Karl. I was bouncing up and down, and pulling his hands to my breasts, and did my best to get him off. Once he did, I was lucky enough to come at the same time. Afterwards, I got up, pulled the condom off, and held it between my fingers to make sure it didn't leak. Then I leaned down, and pulled his dick into my mouth to clean it off. Once that was done, I left, and as I returned, everyone heard the toilet flush.
I just returned like nothing had happened, and sat down on the middle seat of the couch.
The guys all looked at each other for several minutes, before Simon took his dick out. I gave him the same treatment. By the time the game ended, I had had sex eleven times with the guys. As I was about to close the door after them, Perry pulled me to the couch for sex.
It was wild, and I was fully aware the door was still wide open. Anyone could walk by, but no one did. I felt mentally strange. After sex, I thought about going and closing the door, but it didn't seem what I really wanted. Then I decided I would ignore it as well, and clean up as normal. It wasn't until we went to bed that I closed the door, commenting that I must have forgotten it.
That got Perry aroused again, and we had a quickie in bed. However, as we did, he suddenly stopped, and clutched his chest.
"Perry, what's happening?"
He didn't answer. It took little time for me to realize he was having a heart attack. I reached for my phone, and called for help. I was soon taking direction from a doctor, even as paramedics were sent. I did what I could for Perry, and finally heard the doorbell.
I rushed downstairs, and opened the door. The two young men were rather surprised, and stared a moment. Then I remembered I was naked.
"Hurry! The bedroom!" I pointed. As I led them, I said, "Excuse me gentlemen, we were having sex when it happened. Ah! Here he is." I then stepped out of the way.
I must say, they were professional. They ignored my nudity, and asked many questions. I pointed out his meds on the nightstand. Finally, they packed him up and said they were taking him to the hospital. As they took him out to their vehicle, I followed, nude.
"Which hospital?"
"St. Martha's. We didn't have time to dress him. Please follow with some clothes for him." Then they left.
That's when I realized I was out front, nude, and several of the neighbors were watching. Without acknowledging it, I went back in, and collected his pajamas and slippers. I was about to head downstairs, when I remembered I was still nude.
That brought a smile, realizing I was about to drive to the hospital naked with his PJs. So I thought about what to wear. Then I remembered the smock-like dress I recently bought. It was designed to have a top under it, as well as panties, since the dress was short. So I put it on. I left the house wearing only that and a pair of shoes.
As I drove to the hospital, like a maniac, I soon realized that my tits had a tendency to pop out the sides. I kept having to push them back in. After I parked in the hospital lot, I pushed them back in one more time.
I had to wait for over an hour, and while sitting down, I saw at least three people try to look up the dress, and two that tried to see from the side. Eventually, they let me see him in the ICU. He was somewhat woozy, from the drugs, but he recognized me, and the dress.
"Are you naked beneath the dress?"
"Yes dear. I thought you would like that."
"Come closer."
I came closer, and when he indicated, I leaned in, over the bed. That's when I realized the top was loose enough to allow my tits to swing freely. With one hand, he reached up, and pushed the front aside a little, and began fondling my breast. I'm not sure if he knew there were three others in the room, watching us. I just ignored them. Then we heard a beeping.
A doctor said, "I'm sorry to break this up, but he cannot handle the stimulation." So I sat back down. Curiously, the one breast was still out when I sat back.
There was some more fussing over him, and then they gave him a soporific to put him to sleep.
The doctor turned to me, and said, "Janet, while you may not care who sees your body, it is kind of distracting around here. Please take more care."
I looked down, and feigned surprise, then pushed that breast back under. "Sorry, doctor."
"Additionally, his heart is very weak. The paramedics said it happened during sex. I assume it was with you. I suspect I will have to restrict his activities for a while. But first he needs to recover. I expect he will be here for a few days."
"I understand."
"In that case, go home. You need sleep as well. If you plan to return, please dress more appropriately."
"I am sorry, doctor. I will. When will it be best to see him?"
"Visitor hours are posted, but he will not be available from time to time. While you have brought PJs, I suggest a few changes of clothes when you next come. I know he will appreciate being dressed normally. No shoes. He will be lying down, or sitting most of the time, and we have booties he will wear to walk in."
"Thank you, doctor."
I left then.
When I got home, I texted my boss a brief summary of what happened, and said I would not be into work in the morning. I added that I would call tomorrow. I sent a similar text to Perry's boss.
I then undressed, and went to bed. An hour later, I went and got a sleeping pill. I woke up mid-morning. I didn't bother to dress. Heading downstairs, I made coffee, and had breakfast. Then I called my boss, and we talked. He told me to take the rest of the week off. I thanked him. Then I called Perry's boss and told him what happened. Finally, I called his family, the guys, and a number of others that should know.
I had just relaxed on the couch with a Sprite, when I heard a knock at the door.
I opened it, and it was one of the neighbors. I said, "Hello."
It was a middle-aged man, and his eyes opened wide. He did his best to not acknowledge my nakedness. "Hello, Janet. Um... Has something happened?"
I felt the floodgates open, as I told him about Perry's heart attack. I even said I thought it was our sex that caused it. I cried. Awkwardly, he hugged me, and tried to comfort me with soothing words. I just ran down with my words, and cried, taking comfort in the hug he was giving me.
Then I asked, "Why does it hurt so much?"
He was wiser than most, as he asked, "Do you love him?"
"Yes."
"Love him desperately?"
"Yes."
"That is why. He is a part of you, and the heart attack ripped him away. You should go stay with him."
"Yeah, the doc said I could visit anytime."
"Then go now. Tell him you love him."
"I will." I pulled back, and he let go of me.
I said, "Thank you for being a friend. I'll head there now." I then reached for my purse.
He interrupted, saying, "Aren't you forgetting something?"
"What?"
He gave an eye-roll. "Your clothes."
My eyes went wide. I had totally forgotten. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be naked." I then turned and rushed upstairs. He left, closing the door.
As I dressed, I recalled the doctor telling me Perry needed more clothes. So when I was dressed, I selected two sets of clothes, and put them in a plastic shopping bag I had stored in the kitchen.
I spent a few hours there, mostly holding his hand. He was sleeping a lot, but we did talk for at least an hour. I had lunch in the hospital's cafeteria, and returned back to his room. When it was dinnertime, I finally headed home. That night, they moved him out of the ICU.
I had a simple dinner, then did more cleaning up, making the den pristine. Soon, the kitchen followed. I finally went to bed. The next two days were the same. While I was there, they told me that they would be sending him home in two days. They asked me to set him up on the main floor, so he would not have to deal with stairs.
The next day, I set the couch up as a bed for him. I made sure there was plenty of room for him. I also brought in two dining room chairs to make up for the lost seating. I moved things around, until I was satisfied he could enjoy the game with the guys. Once everything was ready, I went to the hospital. They confirmed Perry would be sent home the next day. I arranged for a private ambulance to bring him home.
When they got here, I learned he had a walker, to steady him, and support him. He was allowed to walk a short distance, and was expected to be able to go to the bathroom on his own. However, he was not allowed stairs until he satisfied the therapist he was strong enough.
As we talked, Perry told me what the doctor said, it was also on the discharge paperwork. When we realized he would need therapy three times a week, we decided to look into having a therapist come here, rather than head to some place, needing all sorts of transport to and from. Later that day, we checked online, and learned that having someone come here wouldn't cost that much more, so we decided to hire someone.
Perry called his boss, and told him of the situation. After a bit, they came to the decision to allow him to work from home, but only for a few hours a day. Then he could clear the important stuff, and redirect the less important stuff. Someone would be by after work with a laptop for him to connect to work.
The next day was the first therapy session. He had us call him Brian, and asked that I not be present during the one-hour session. Later, when he was doing better, I could perhaps stay. I wound up staying in the kitchen, listening.
When he left, I returned to Perry. He was very tired, and was lying down on the couch. But the rest of the furniture was pushed away from the center of the room.
Perry said, "Brian wants the room so I won't crash into something."
"I see. Well, let me put things back, and I can move them out before the next session."
"Don't bother. Just push that table back, so I can use my laptop. The guys can move the furniture when they get here Monday."
"Are you sure you want them here?"
"Yes. I called them earlier to let them know. They won't know about the chairs, but that's okay."
"What about the stress of the game?"
"The doc said if I don't get worked up, it should not be a problem. If I do get worked up, I must turn off the game. I don't know why he said that, as not knowing would get me more worked up."
"Well, I'll be by your side the whole game to help you."
"You're the best."
"Anything for my love."
Later, I fed him, and we watched some TV together. Come game day, I prepared as normal, and was sitting on the edge of the couch, naked, when the doorbell rang. I went and let the guys in.
"Guys, please don't let Perry get too worked up. The doc said it would not be good for him. Also, the therapist needs the space, so you will need to move the furniture about to get a good spot to watch from. Perry has the entire couch."
Simon said, "Sure thing, Janet."
As they moved chairs, I went and fetched a six-pack and a Sprite. I then went and sat with Perry, and held his hand. The guys took charge of the remote, so I wouldn't have to worry about it.
At halftime, I got up, but Karl said, "Stay with Perry. We know where everything is." Then they left, and even brought back a plate for Perry and I.
After eating, Perry fell asleep. The guys then asked me to spend some time with them. When I looked, I saw Greg's dick was out. So I picked up a condom on the way over. We had sex, and he was patient enough, as I came as well.
After returning from the bathroom, Karl waved a condom, and that's when I saw his dick. Later, Simon waved a condom. When I returned, I saw Perry was awake, so I sat with him. When the game was over, the guys pushed the chairs back, so I wouldn't have to. I saw them to the door, and each hugged me, and offered to help if Perry needed it.
Tuesday, after showering in the morning, I went and had breakfast with Perry.
He said, "You're not dressed. Don't you need to go to work?"
"No. My boss said I should take this week off, so I could focus on getting you well. Next week will be soon enough for me to get back."
"In that case, I'll enjoy the view." He then pulled me in for a kiss.
Later that morning, the doorbell rang. I said, "Oh, the therapist is here." I went to let him in.
"Uh, I wasn't expecting to be welcomed by a naked wife."
"It's okay. He likes to watch others see me naked. Come on in." I led him to Perry, then added, "I'll be in the kitchen."
After seeing him out, I went back to Perry. He quickly fell asleep, so I just waited with him. I must have fallen asleep as well, as I suddenly woke when he began playing with a nipple.
By the weekend, I realized I hadn't worn clothes all week. Brian said Perry was getting better, and might be upgraded to stairs in a week or two. We gave him a key to the place, so he could enter on his own. Monday, the guys came over, and was a bit of a repeat, but Perry only closed his eyes after the halftime food. Still, the guys all did me.
The last quarter, Perry sat up, and had me lean in. He put an arm behind my neck, and down my front. He played with my breast the rest of the game. When the game got a little exciting, I reminded him not to get worked up. He sighed, but complied.
A few weeks later, Perry was doing stairs, and using a cane. The den was put back to normal, and Perry was going back to work. The guys came over every Monday, until the Super Bowl. Perry was enjoying watching me have sex with the guys, and after they left, we had sex on the couch. It was not wild, or anything, but it was sincere.
The week after, Perry again tried to hypnotize me. This time to have me spend most of my time at home naked. Well, by now, I didn't mind, so I agreed, even without actually being hypnotized. Basically, when I came home, I would undress, then would go about the normal affairs of the evening. The only time I was dressed in the evening was when we went out.
That winter, we went to different malls a fair distance away. He had me wear that smock dress, or other similar clothes. He loved ascending the escalator behind me after letting several guys get on first. When we had lunch in the malls' food courts, he sat next to me, and fingered me as we ate. At least half the time, he had me look for shoes, and insisted I have someone help. I knew what he wanted, and I made sure the worker got a great view. Other times, he had me try out clothes, and so I didn't bother to fully close the curtain so he could watch. Usually, there were others watching with him.
One time, when I wore the smock dress, and nothing else but shoes, he asked me to try on a cute top. When I had it on, I let him look through the door. He said the door hid too much. He asked me to come out and show him. Well, I could see several guys behind him, watching. I knew they would all see my pussy when I came out.
I hoped there wasn't anyone about who would complain, but I pulled the curtain open, and stepped out, and slowly turned so he could see everything. It was clear he had an erection, as did several of the guys watching. Afterwards, I went back in, and 'forgetting' to close the curtain, I changed back into my smock dress.
That was our fun for winter. In the spring, we went on picnics. Nearly every time, he wanted me to wear a smock dress. I had several by now. When I laid out things, I spread out the blanket by bending at the waist and keeping my legs straight. When I sat down, I sat cross-legged, which showed everyone my pussy. Of course, he sat opposite, but others routinely looked. More often than not, we played around enough to cause a breast to escape.
Once, after two couples watched us for a while, he decided to have sex with me on the blanket. I made sure to be on top, so he wouldn't have to strain. As I bounced, both my breasts managed to escape, and he grabbed them.
Another round of his attempted hypnosis got me to fetch the weekend mail in the nude. As several people watched for the truck, several of my neighbors started seeing me naked each weekend. One woman asked why, and I told her about Perry wanting others to look at me. She shook her head, not understanding, but accepting.
Over the summer, the guys came over a few times, and openly had sex with me. The help also routinely enjoyed putting lotion on me and playing with my body.
In the fall, we went shopping for outfits that were more revealing, usually by being more transparent. At this point, I decided it was time to shave my pussy. I checked with Perry, and he was fine with it. After I was smooth, he suggested short dresses. Of course, they were also semi-transparent. When one casually looked, you didn't see my lips. But if one looked closely, you could see them.
What I didn't think about, was how these new clothes would displace some of my work clothes. Since I no longer wore underwear, the dresses I thought were fine for dining, turned out to be more transparent in the brighter lights of the museum. However, my boss just said I was looking great. I had been wearing such dresses for a while before I realized what the bright lights were doing. But since I wasn't getting in trouble, I decided to continue dressing like this.
Going out, I not only wore clothes that could be seen through, but also at times, clothes that would fail to hide my nipples. Either by having a plunging neckline on a loose outfit, that fell away from me when I leaned in, or by having edges a lot closer to my nipples. One of the latter was a crop-top that barely covered my nipples. However, if I raised my hand, the bottom of the crop-top lifted, and if my arm was above my shoulder, the bottom was above my nipple.
Another dress had straps that held things up, but they had a tendency to slide over my shoulder, revealing the breast on that side. I soon learned how to cause it to slip when I wanted it to. Then there were the micro-skirts. He had me wear them when we would be seated in a place where others could look. Usually when we had patio seating, as well as a few times when we went and had dinner at a bar.
Football season started, and the guys came over as usual. On the day of the fourth game, things got really exciting and happy, then exciting and sad. Our team was the underdog, but the stars aligned, and we were hot. We were ahead 27-7 at halftime. The guys were stoked, as was Perry. Simon went for beer, so that I could continue having sex with Karl.
In the third quarter, they caught up, and passed us. But in the fourth quarter, we caught up, and at the two-minute warning, it was 34-34, and we were far from the end zone. By now, everyone was hollering and cheering on our team. Some of the guys were out of their seats, as well. Then lightning hit. We completed two passes, and were in scoring territory.
By now, everyone was standing, and shouting. Then came a run. Somehow, he evaded several tackles, and broke out. There was only one more opponent able to stop him. Everyone was cheering, and jumping up and down. The opponent stopped the runner, and it looked like the drive would fail, when suddenly a teammate joined the tackle, and the two of them managed to push the opponent back, and finally managed to score.
Everyone cheered, and jumped up and down, myself included. This went on for twenty seconds or so, when Karl shouted, "Shut up everyone! Perry's hurt." He had to repeat himself a few times before we came to our senses. I immediately went to him, and quickly determined what happened.
"His heart's stopped. Call the ambulance. Get help."
Simon shouted, "Greg, make that call." Then he pushed me aside, and pulled Perry to the floor to give him CPR. Karl soon joined in, relieving him, and they had me breathe for him. A few minutes later, we were still going when Greg let the paramedics in. They took over, and had him bundled away into the ambulance. Greg got the name, and came back in and they sent me upstairs to get dressed.
Simon took me to the hospital, where I learned Perry was pronounced dead on arrival. Simon quickly grabbed me, and when Greg and Karl showed up, he gave them the news. They did what they could, but I was crying nonstop. Eventually, Simon took me home.
Then the next day, Simon came after work, and helped me get the ball rolling. We already had adjacent lots in a nearby cemetery, so we were able to get a funeral that weekend.
I went shopping for a suitable dress, and found one I knew Perry would like, It was short, black, and somewhat see-through. I also got a hat and veil, also black. Lastly, I bought some black shoes to complete the outfit.
At the funeral, I saw a number of my in-laws, and also family. When asked, I said I wore this outfit for Perry. I didn't have to explain beyond that, as by then everyone knew he liked to show my body off. Later, I spotted the guys.
"Hello, Simon, Greg, Karl. I want you to come Monday for the game."
Simon said, "It wouldn't be right."
"It is what Perry would have wanted. Besides, I have enjoyed your company, and would miss it."
"Very well, I'll be there."
"Me too."
"Me, as well."
"Thanks fellas. See you then."
It wasn't until Monday afternoon that I realized I was naked, and didn't need to be. I could tell them I only played along, because the sex later was great. I flip-flopped that decision numerous times as I set up. Finally, the doorbell rang, and I realized I had made my decision.
I opened it, and there were the guys. They all saw I was naked, and seemed a little surprised. But they followed me to the den, and I gave them the remote. Then I went and got drinks as usual. In the first half, no one touched me, but in the second half, Karl briefly touched my breast. When I didn't reach, he played with it, and then sucked on it. I still didn't react. When they left, I told them I expected them the next week.
Next Monday, they all played with my breasts, and again Karl went further, and offered my his dick. I got a condom and we had sex, as before, and I acted like it didn't happen. Three weeks later, they were all having sex with me. Yet, it seemed that Simon was a little reluctant.
At Thanksgiving, I went out to a restaurant for their early seating. While there, it really hit me again, Perry was gone. I cried quietly.
From behind, I heard a voice close by. "Ma'am, are you okay?"
I turned, and saw my waiter. I said, "Yes. No. I don't know. I lost my husband a few weeks ago, and being here without him just hit me again."
"Is there anything I can do?"
"Not really. He was the center of my life, and now he is gone."
"Then you need to find a new center. Either a new husband, or hobby, or something else you can pour yourself into and feel it is worthwhile."
"You are wise. Yet, you seem so young."
"Both my folks are psychiatrists. I'm working my way through college, as they think that is best, but I expect to follow in their footsteps. So I hear a lot about patients and therapies at home, and have learned a bit."
"That sounds like it could drive away friends."
"Oh, it can, but my folks told me long ago about that, and how to avoid it. I just need to remember to be 'helpful' when asked, or if there is someone obviously hurting as you are."
"You have a good family. Thank you. I think it best if I can just go. Can you box these up?" He nodded, and took my food.
A little while later, he came back with everything in boxes, and the boxes in a bag. When I got home, I unpacked everything, and found there was an extra box. It had a slice of pumpkin pie  la mode, with whipped topping. At the bottom of the bag was a note. My waiter recommended I eat dessert first to help my mood. I had to smile, and proceeded to do just that. That bit of happiness was enough to restore my appetite.
That night, I decided I had to widen my circle of friends. I knew the guys from Perry's job, and the people from the museum, but no one else. While church would be a great place to get to know people, I don't think my exhibitionist tendencies would be looked upon well. So I looked at other social groups, and found a gym.
While I routinely used my own pool, at least when it was warm, I didn't exercise otherwise. So I joined a beginners class. I cut off one of Perry's old t-shirts. It was a bit loose on me, but covered well enough. I went to an athletic-wear store, and bought some short shorts and a pair of sneakers. I bought the shorts a little large, but the elastic meant they stayed on.
I brought my outfit, and shoes, in a bag, along with two towels, shampoo, and squeeze soap. I wore a dress, and sandals. It wasn't until I was changing into my gym outfit, that I realized I had no underwear. Oh well. I then headed into the gym, and met the rest of the class.
When it started, there were two other women, and twelve men. The instructor, Roger, put us through our paces, and we worked up a sweat. Roger, however, showed almost no sweat, even though he did everything we did. Clearly, we were out of shape. With half the men, it was obvious. But the other half weren't too bad. One woman was very heavy, but she seemed to have a lot of will to do everything. The other woman was heavier than me, but nowhere close to the first woman. Given what I saw, I didn't think she would last.
I did notice a lot of eyes on my swaying breasts, but I did my best to ignore that. After class, I stuck around with the others, and chatted a bit with them. I wanted to cultivate some new friends, so I spent time with them. When we went back to the locker room, I noticed my t-shirt was still plastered to me, at least down the front. I showered, and went home.
Even though it got colder, I continued to get the weekend mail in the nude. It just seemed to be what he would want. I did hurry, and chose not to talk for very long. There were limits. When I got inside, I saw my nipples were quite pointy, and enjoyed that.
Monday nights became more routine, and I had sex with all the guys as the game went on. We eventually got sufficiently used to each other, that everyone came all the time. Sometimes, we sent out for dinner, and I got it when the doorbell rang.
In the meantime, at the gym, the rumor mill outed me as 'that' woman. By that time, the one lady quit, as did several of the men. I partnered with the other lady, and her enthusiasm helped me. She lost a lot of weight, while I lost a little.
I complained to the instructor, but he said, "You lost less because you were gaining muscle mass." He then placed his hand on my stomach, and said, "See here? Muscles. Definition, or at least, signs of it."
I stepped over to a mirror, and looked. "Oh, I can see it now."
"Yes. You are doing good."
Two weeks later, the other woman said she was being transferred, and wouldn't see me anymore. I was sad about that, but at least I was now friends with most of the guys. Roger assigned the other men, in sequence, as my partner. That was, no one would be left out of the joy of a female partner.
The next week, I had an accident, and caught my shorts on a piece of equipment. As I shopped, I tried out any number of other shorts. I had noticed the guys liked to look up the leg holes when I did a split. I'm sure they saw my pussy a few times. I looked for a replacement that would stay up on its own, yet have even wider leg holes, so the guys got a better view. I then bought a t-shirt about the same color, but a size larger than the one I was currently using. Back home, I trimmed it a little shorter, so that more of my boobs would show, while my nipples were still covered.
The second class, I got a few compliments, but I also noted a lot more covert looks checking me out. When we cycled through the equipment, I saw I had cut just the right amount off. When I reached over my head to grab the weight bar, my nipples briefly showed. They also showed briefly whenever I reached the top before pulling back down. I knew Roger saw, yet he said nothing.
The class finished mid-December, but I signed up for the third class. It was a 'Get fit for Valentine's Day' class, and the recommended wear for women included a skirt, and a bikini top. After I signed up, I had a naughty thought. The class didn't require me to wear panties.
During the break, I bought some small gifts for the guys. Mainly sports related. For myself, I bought a thin white bikini that went transparent when wet. When the new gym class started up, I learned I was the only woman, and Roger was again the leader. He sure liked my outfit. So did the other guys, especially when they learned I didn't wear panties.
Back home, the teams were being eliminated, until the final game before the Super Bowl. The next Monday had no game, to give the teams time to prepare. So I was surprised when Simon called me.
"Janet? Would you mind if I came over? There's something I need to talk with you about."
"Sure, come on over."
The doorbell rang, at the same time he hung up. I went to the door, and there he was.
"You're already here?"
His eyes got big, seeing that I was nude. He just asked, "May I come in?"
"Sure." I stepped aside, and headed for the den. He followed. Then I asked, "What's up?"
"Uh... It's about your husband. He hypnotized you, many times."
"I know he tried, but he never actually did."
"What! I saw him do it a number of times."
"Think back to what you saw. Did it seem polished? Or did he ever tell me not to remember anything?"
"Um, no."
"Let me show you something. I'll be right back." I went to my work room, and pulled out one of my psych textbooks. Returning, I handed it to him.
"What's this? A book on psychology?"
"Yes. Look at the chapter headings." He opened the book to the table of contents. "Look for the hypnosis chapter, and turn to it." Again, after a bit, he went about one-third of the way in. "Now skim the section titles... See how it is teaching how to hypnotize someone?"
"Yes."
"Now open to the front inside cover. Who's name is there."
"Yours."
"That was my textbook. We both majored in business. I focused on art, with a side in psychology. I wanted to understand the artists, and to be able to explain them to people. Along the way, I picked up the art of hypnotism."
"Really? Then what was going on?"
"We wanted kids, and I wasn't catching. So we saw the doctors, and eventually learned he could not have kids due to several factors. That news sent him into depression. We both needed therapy, but he wouldn't go. I asked if I should hypnotize him to get him to therapy, and the therapist agreed. But his interest in sex plummeted, since he couldn't have kids. The therapist helped with the depression. He was no longer focused on our future as a family, and instead focused on the present.
"For my part, I wanted to help, and eventually resorted to hypnotism to learn his true thoughts, since he wouldn't answer my questions. That set me on the path of exhibitionism. He got off on watching others see my body, and on you guys having sex with me right in front of him. Didn't you ever wonder?"
"I did, but not for long. I didn't want to lose a good thing."
"I know what you mean. What was a surprise for me, however, was I liked being his showpiece. I was getting off on the attention, not just from you guys, but also from others. It took many small steps, but now I don't mind being seen. Perry routinely took me shoe shopping while I wore a miniskirt without panties. He also had me show off lingerie at the mall changing rooms where others could see me. And I liked it."
"What about now?"
"Perry asked me to go about the house in the nude, unless we had guests other than you guys. I got used to it, and even like the surprise I see when I open the front door. Just like I saw on your face tonight."
"What about the sex during the game?"
"Once we learned we couldn't have kids, the only sex I had was when Perry was aroused by others seeing or doing me. I loved him, and felt that the price was worth it for sex with him. Since then, since I like sex, I have continued to have you guys come over. It is only one night a week, but I essentially have a gang bang each week. I'm looking forward to next week."
"Oh... Um... What will you do afterwards?"
"Well, I joined a gym, and entered a class. I got to know a few guys in that class. Now I am in another class, to get me ready for Valentine's Day. I wear a short skirt, and a bikini top that disappears when wet. Sweat will get it wet. With no panties, any time I do a split, I likely am flashing everyone. So far, no one has complained, and since I am the only woman in the class, I don't think that will change."
"Oh my. What will you do when one of the guys asks you out?"
"I will likely go out with him. If he tries to feel me up, I will see if I can hypnotize him into inviting me to shower with him in the men's locker room."
"But won't the other guys see?"
"Yep. But since he will be trying to sneak me in, and I won't tell, I will wind up showering with him. Probably even have sex with him."
"What if you're caught?"
"I'll cover my breasts with my hands, but not my pussy. Then I'll grab my clothes, and rush to the women's locker room through the gym. Once there, I'll dry off and get dressed. But I doubt it will be long before someone asks me out, or invites me into the men's locker room."
"You are a minx."
"That's not the only thing. They have a mixed sauna. If it's late, I think I'll use it, and only wear a towel."
"That's not all that sexual."
"I'll take it off to sit on."
"Oh."
"So, was that all you wanted to talk about?"
"Essentially."
"Then follow me."
I got up, and headed upstairs. He followed me, and I went into my bedroom. There I put the book on my nightstand, then got on the bed and spread my legs.
"Why don't you get naked. I could use a good fuck. Here's a condom." I reached into the nightstand drawer, and pulled one out.
"Are you sure?"
"I am sure. We've been having quickies for a while. I want to know what you're like when you have time."
"Oh!"
He hurriedly got undressed, until I told him to slow down. He made love to me for over an hour. As I walked him to the door, I said, "I work Saturday, but have Monday off. Please visit again. I'd like more of this slow, caring sex."
Just as I was about to open the door, he hugged me, and then pulled my head in for a kiss. Then embarrassed, he pulled quickly away. He then left. I went back to the den, and sat quietly. An hour later, I put the TV on, and watched a movie.
Watching the Super Bowl, I got laid so many times. I didn't bother to count.
At the gym, it didn't take long for one of the men to ask me out. Once he started fingering me, I looked for a way to put him under. It was right after he came inside me, that I got my chance. I convinced him that he could sneak me into the men's locker room to shower with him.
The next class, he actually tried to sneak me in. I did go in with him, even though I saw two others watch us go in. I put my outfit in his locker, and went to the shower with him. Like the women's locker room, it was a common shower, so there was no way I wouldn't be seen.
When he seemed hesitant to go in while there was someone else showering, I said, "Let's go. I'm real horny. I want you now."
It seemed I read him right. He went in, and pulled me with him. Once in the shower, I took his mind off of where he was, or who could see. We proceeded to have sex, even as we washed each other. When we pulled apart, he finally noticed the audience.
"Uh... sorry. I thought we could do this without getting caught."
"I don't mind. I had a good time."
While the crowd gathered, I realized my 'panic' scene would not work if I was to have sex in the men's locker room again. So I just let them look. I put my gym clothes back on, and my top instantly became transparent, since I was quite wet from the shower. I then thanked him, and went to the women's locker room, and took another shower, so I could wash my hair.
Class was three times a week, and I wound up having sex in the men's locker room half the time. I had sex with Simon a few times, as well.
The next to last class before Valentine's Day, Roger asked me to stay a moment.
"What can I do for you, Roger?"
"I wanted you to know that the owner knows you have been having sex in the men's locker room."
"Oh. Um... am I being kicked out?"
"No. The owner was worried if he had any liability if he allowed it to continue. It turns out that sex is allowed, as long as it is consensual, and no kids are about. We don't accept kids, so we're good. What I wanted to tell you was something else he learned."
"What's that?"
"Due to some recent lawsuits, you can legally exercise topless. Interested?"
Rather than answer, I just took my top off. He laughed at that.
"That would be a yes. I have also noticed you have had sex with several of the guys in the class. Might I be able to have the pleasure?"
"Of course. Shall we?"
"Sure."
A number of people watched me go into the men's room, and later have sex with Roger. Starting with the next class, I just used the men's locker room instead of the women's. Likewise, I no longer tried to sneak into the sauna and lay on my towel. Instead, I just openly placed my towel down, and sat on it cross-legged. Many stared at my tits, and pussy. It didn't take long for word to spread. Not only my naked presence, but also about the rules concerning sex. The next session, the guy asking me for sex was surprised I had a condom. But he used it.
I signed up for the next class, in late spring. However, I used the men's locker room, and while I still wore a skirt, it was shorter than the one I wore for the last class. I didn't wear a top. After class, I would use the sauna naked, and be carrying a condom. Then I went to the men's locker room to shower, with a second condom. After the first guy in either place, if another guy presented a condom, I would have sex a second time.
Throughout the spring, I continued to see Simon. He even took me out a few times. In the summer, he took me out every Sunday night, and went swimming with me every Wednesday evening. I invited him as my guest a few times to the gym, as I wanted him to know I had expanded my circle of friends. He also saw I had expanded my circle of men I had sex with.
Late summer, I realized he was looking for a ring. He was also trying to figure out a way to handle the change in the Monday-night dynamic of football and sex. He must have figured out something because right after we ate dinner, he proposed to me. I accepted.
Over the next few weeks, we talked about everything. Since Greg and Karl both had girlfriends, we decided to continue with them coming over, but that they should bring their girls. I, on the other hand, would be dressed, even if provocatively, so as not to intimidate them too much. I would continue to wear my abbreviated gym outfit, but I would no longer have sex there. We would get married the weekend before the Super Bowl, to avoid a game-day conflict.
We were able to rent space at a local hunting lodge. The justice of the peace stood at the fireplace, and we faced him. The crowd was all about the huge room, with additional people watching from the balcony. Once the ceremony was over, the dining area was opened, and we cut the cake. The reception was also there, but it was buffet style, and outside were a lot of picnic tables. We had a cash bar, as well as some of the rooms available for guests. The master bedroom, however, was our suite, and the one beside held the gifts. We retired to our bedroom in the evening, and most of the crowd left then.
The fireplace room held those too drunk to drive, and too stupid to rent one of the rooms. Other couples rode the van back to town, where they could get a cab. The van made a round trip every half hour. Simon and I, however, had lots of sex that night, and made a bit of noise. The only ones who stayed overnight and didn't know what we were doing, were those too drunk to notice anything. The next day, we enjoyed a shower, and then loaded the van up with presents, and it took us to my home right after lunch.
We hired a moving company to bring all Simon's stuff over, and get everything set up. His furniture was put in storage, but the rest came to the house. When we returned from our Christmas honeymoon, we got to putting everything in the right place, and making room for his big stuff. My work room got everything that was in Perry's work room, and Simon's stuff went there, if a place could not be found quickly. Eventually, we donated some furniture, to reduce the clutter, and over the next few months, we got everything where we wanted.
While I stopped picking up the mail in the nude, I did continue to wear provocative clothing when I went out. Then I learned I was pregnant. We were going to have a family. We decided that his or her middle name would be Perry, in honor of my first husband.