\As this story begins, I am on a wrestling mat, dressed in a short rainbow sundress, fighting to keep two guys from taming me. The King awaits at the side of the room, watching with high interest as I struggle. If the two men tame me, they will carry me into the King's private bedroom where they will bind me to the four corners of a 4-poster bed. The two men will be dismissed, and the King will amuse himself by taking shameless advantage of my helplessness.
It sounds like a fantasy, and in a way it is, but The King is a super-wealthy young entrepreneur. One of the two men taming me is Tony, the property manager at the oceanfront estate where The King likes to play. The other man is my husband, Ken, and I'm Allie, in serious danger of being royally fucked within the next half hour.
---------------------------
In a way, the fantasy sounds worse than it is. It sounds as though my husband is a passive cuck preparing his wife for another man's pleasure, but that conclusion would badly underestimate the King's imagination. In today's fantasy it's true that Ken is not alpha wolf. But the King enjoys fantasies in which my husband does play Alpha. Sometimes Tony plays Alpha. And in some fantasies, I rule. (Tony is a former Atlanta Falcon linebacker. I think of him as a charming, intelligent hunk. Like us, he was carefully selected by the King.)
------------------
We flew into Boston this morning on the King's private jet, traveling from our small-town apartment, 40 miles from Chicago. Tony picked us up in the midnight-blue limo, and we headed for the Maine coast. For as long as the King remains amused with us, we will receive $2,000 per day for the days spent in his castle, usually three-day weekends. We are also receiving a direct-deposit stipend of $10,000 per month for each month that includes at least two castle trips. My husband Ken is 28, I'm 27; we're waiting to start a family until we can afford our goal house. You can see why this sounded like an interesting gig when it was presented to us. But, now let's spend a moment on the darker side:
We are not proud of the fact that you can reasonably call us private porn stars in one man's ongoing pursuit of sexual pleasure. And we do not claim that we have been evilly corrupted by that man. The King has vast resources. We had been carefully researched. The King knew that we had dabbled in the swinger lifestyle. He knew enough about our personal sexual preferences to know that we would be open to his fantasy interests. He had analyzed our personality and temperament traits and correctly concluded that we would like him personally. The King is one-of- a-kind -- incredibly bright and well-read, an averagely handsome guy, but he exudes strength somehow. He's clean-cut, a little nerdy-looking when he wears his glasses but he usually doesn't. He is 6'1", lean and toned because of a rigidly followed exercise regimen. Ironically, he is painfully shy around women, the reason for the elaborate plan that we are part of. And, quite literally, the King speaks softly but carries a big stick.
___________
The wrestling mat is part of a huge room on the lower level of the estate's main house (aka 'the castle'). The adjoining King's Bedroom is one of several lower-level rooms. Of course, my chances of avoiding being tamed on that mat were zero, and as you probably guessed, 'tamed' meant being so thoroughly turned on that when the King was ready to have his way with me, he would be welcomed with open arms -- or in today's case, with open legs. I was barefoot, braless, and wearing tiny light blue string-bikini panties that are the King's preference when I'm wearing panties at all. The two guys had wrestled me to the mat, on my back. Ken was holding my arms over my head while Tony yanked my dress up to my waist, then he began caressing and massaging my feet, then my ankles and calves, and then my upper and inner thighs.
"Spread your legs, now," rumbled Tony, a big guy with a deep voice.
I squirmed and twisted, trying to loosen Ken's hold on my wrists. "No, I won't...."
"Then I'll spread 'em for you," Tony growled. And I felt huge hands covering my inner thighs, pushing my legs apart. When I was spread, practically spread-eagled, he said, "Here's a little something for being a pain in the ass." I felt fingers push the crotch of my panties aside then plunge into me. He give me several deep strokes while I twisted and turned, but my protests were turning into moans. I could actually hear that I was soaking wet as he deep fingered me.
"Time for the dress to be gone?" asked Ken.
"It's time. She won't be needing it."
I struggled as hard as I could, but could do nothing about my sundress sliding up, over my breasts, my head and my arms. My own husband said, "Hey, great boobs," as he cupped my breasts and finger-teased my nipples. He had released my wrists, but I left my arms above my head while twisting forlornly to avoid his hands. Ken said, "Take her panties," while he continued to tease nipples that were rock hard and radiating.
I felt Tony's hands on my panties. I twisted and turned my hips as if somehow I could prevent being stripped to totally naked, but he easily pulled my panties over my hips and down my legs. I watched Tony, apprehensively, as he spread me again and took up his position on his knees, between my legs.
I knew what was coming next because I knew the way Ken and Tony worked as a team. Ken can do absolute magic with breast touching, a blend of hands, fingers, mouth and tongue that can make me cum without him touching anything below my waist. And Tony had apparently been issued a roadmap to every part of me that 'makes me moist' as the old line goes. We're taking clit teasing and ass teasing and spots on both inner thighs that no one had discovered before him. His hands are magic. His mouth and tongue are magic. And when he gets to my g-spot, it's over. No one had ever touched me like Tony touches me.
So they went to work on my breasts and between my legs, a two-man army determined to defeat me completely. I tried to keep my body from reacting, but it was hopeless. I begged them for mercy, "Please stop, please don't do this to me..." But they gave me no mercy. Then, as if by signal, Ken's mouth went to my breasts with new intensity, mouth sucking, tongue swirling on my nipples. Tony's tongue was flicking my clit, then it was in me, as if fucking me, deeper than seemed possible. My back arched as I whispered, "Oh no, no, I can't stop it... I can't stop you..." I strained upward to push my breasts deeper into Ken's hands, and I raised my hips to meet Tony's invading tongue. My first orgasm ripped through my whole body while I screamed from deep in my throat. As the waves subsided, I slumped backward onto the mat, breathing in short gasps. But they gave me no chance to recover, Ken's hands again owned my breasts, Tony lifted my hips over his knees, onto his thighs, deep-fingering me then zeroing in on my g-spot. I lost it again, moaning and screaming through waves of an orgasm that seemed to go on forever. I struggled to close my legs and push Tony's hand away, "Please stop for a minute, please let me rest." He smiled, "Sorry babe, no rest for the wicked." And he spread me wider and tortured me deeper, then he made and held gentle contact with my G. I was totally gone, screaming while my hips bucked and I continued to strain toward their touch. As the orgasms rippled through me, I heard myself begging, "More, please, more. Oh, God, I love this." And finally, I was allowed to fall back on the mat where I gasped and moaned, thighs quivering, still lost in waves of raw pleasure.
The King stood and walked toward us. Ken and Tony had arrayed me for his review -- arms above my head, breasts glistening with sweat, legs spread wide, pussy juice glistening in the light. The King said, "Bring her to me."
They picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. The ties were ready. They put me on my back in the middle of the bed. Ken secured the wrist straps. Tony secured my ankles. While they stood at the foot of the bed to admire their work. I was still struggling to get myself back together physically and emotionally, eyes closed, breathing still ragged.
I heard Tony say, "I would give anything to fuck her right now."
Ken said, "She is his now. We did our job."
------------------
When the King entered, he gestured for the departure of Ken and Tony. As the door shut behind them, he walked to the side of the bed and looked down at me, his dark blue eyes looking deep into my eyes. "I am sorry I felt it necessary to utilize this tactic."
I met his eyes while struggling weakly against the restraints. "Why? Why was it necessary?"
"Because I was informed that you would fight me like a tigress."
I took a deep breath and gathered all the strength I could muster. "I would have fought you like a tigress. I still will, you son of a bitch. I'll never give in to you."
He smiled as his eyes slowly scanned my body, spread for him. "Bold words from a lady so vulnerable." As I glared at him, he said calmly, "I feel it necessary to improve your attitude toward me, immediately."
I watched him unzip and remove his sweat jacket then step out of his sweatpants. I said, "Hell will freeze over before I change my mind about you!" And I twisted and turned, straining one last time to somehow escape the bindery straps. But my struggles were feeble. My body was still on fire. And I could see his cock, firmly erect. He climbed onto the foot of the bed, moving slowly toward me. Then his cock slapped me.
He again looked deep into my eyes. "So fight me, Tigress." His cock rimmed me, then I felt him enter me, but only a little. I involuntarily spread even more, knowing his size. I struggled, but with every move I made, he pushed into me deeper.
He leaned forward, his cheek touching my cheek. "Fight me, Tigress," he hissed. "Fight me."
His cock felt huge, opening me like a flower. The tigress could only manage a weak, "No, stop, don't."
He laughed at me as he returned to upright, seeming to tower over me. He put both hands under my ass, pulling me toward him, and he began fucking me like he was some kind of piston machine, faster, harder, deeper, then even deeper, his cock filling me as completely as I can be filled. My neck muscles went tight, my teeth clenched, my head pressed backward into the soft mattress cover. 'Stop...oh God...stop, This isn't fair... I had no chance... Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, I'm cumming... And I screamed a shrill scream as I felt his cock grow inside me and then explode in me.
He stayed inside me for a deliciously long time while his cock still filled me. Then he stepped away from the bed and came back with tissues. While he did his work between my legs, he said, "I will return shortly for more enjoyment. Is it necessary that I keep you bound?"
I met his eyes, softly. "No, your majesty, you do not need to keep me bound."
And twice more he owned me, but now making love to me, often tenderly. And I responded to him tenderly, until my orgasms that felt purely carnal each time as the huge cock thrust and grew and thrust deeper and filled me again. Then we stayed in each other's arms, talking quietly, for a long time. At one point, the King told me volumes about himself and our role.
"Allie, I love this time as much as the sexual time."
"I said, "Why do you say that?" Although I knew the answer.
"It's just comfortable to be with you like this."
I smiled and touched his cheek. "It's comfortable for me, too,"
I knew my husband and Tony were observing from behind the King's one-way mirror. But I thought it didn't matter because I thought Ken knew this was just part of the role I played.
_________
We had a wonderful evening meal at the castle, with Tony joining us at the table. The King was in excellent spirits, as was I. I knew it bothered Ken somewhat when I was so clearly glowing from a sexual experience, but I intended to make him feel better when we were alone later in the evening.
We watched a movie in the castle's theater room. I sat between the King and my husband, and both occasionally put a hand under my nightgown, but we were released right after the movie -- a sure sign that the King was pleased with his day.
As Ken and I faced each other in the giant bed of a giant guest room, I said, "He never gets tired of that fantasy. Our financial future looks bright."
Ken nodded. "It's a helluva fantasy." Then he looked at me with an expression that seemed troubled. "Sometimes I think you like it too much."
"God, Ken, what's not to like, not to mention that we get paid to be clearly enjoying his company."
"I understand all that, it's just that sometimes, after he has fucked you, the expression on your face is... is something like loving."
I paused to ponder. "Okay, in a way, you're probably right. People talk about things that happen hormonally when a woman is making love. I guess, in that sense, I really do love him, then... don't you feel that way sometimes?"
He shook his head, his frown intense. "There's never been an expression on my face anything like yours. You look like you adore him, almost like you're ready to worship him."
I tried for a lighter mood, "Well he is the King. It's part of my job."
Ken stayed sour, so I said, "Do you think we should stop doing this?"
"Would you?"
"In a heartbeat, If it meant protecting our marriage."
He smiled. "That's good to know, but who am I kidding? This is once in a lifetime."
And I did my best, during the next hour, to make Ken feel better. When it was my turn to be on top, I drove us to the very edge of orgasm, but paused. I looked into his eyes. "I want you to watch my face, and you'll see the face of a woman who truly adores making love to you... Okay, now! Help me. Finish me, make me cum."
Afterward, as he held me, he smiled and said, "That was very good."
"That, dear husband, was the real deal, and I want it to last forever."
-------------
More Allie and Ken will follow.