I was gently awakened from my deep slumber as James' lips softly brushed my cheeks. Turning my face to his, with my eyes adjusting to the daylight. He smiled kindly and whispered.
"Breakfast is served. I'll see you at seven tonight and stick to the rules!"
He turned on his heels and strolled out of the bedroom, down the stairs and out the front door on his way to work.
Stick to the rules! What did he mean by that? I raised my naked body up the bed, adjusting the pillows and leant over to get the cup of steaming hot coffee and warm croissant he had placed on a tray at the bedside table. Sitting upright in bed with my full ample bosom outside the warm duvet, I took a sip of my coffee and noticed an envelope on the breakfast tray. Picking the envelope up, I opened it, taking the note from inside and began to read.
Tonight when I return make sure you are wearing the following:
New Black leather thigh length boots.
Hold up fishnet stockings.
Your new shiny and tight, Black mini-dress.
No underwear!
Slutty make-up.
And finally make sure your hair has the just fucked look.
We'll be going straight out when I get home so be ready. We'll be going into a few new places in Town and I want you looking as slutty and horny as possible to cock-tease all the guys who will obviously be checking you out.
See later
James x
Sounds like a fun night ahead I thought. As you know, James and I are swingers and have an open marriage where he lets me fuck whomever I want whenever I want. James has developed cuckold tendencies recently and has been enjoying watching be defiled by a friend of ours Mac. I've had a secret crush on Mac, for years and most recently I've been enjoying his cock sometimes in full view of James, Sometimes solo but with James blessing and on two occasions I fucked Mac without James knowledge. Those two sessions were awesome and were my pleasure only as I got to be the filthy cheating slut, a new experience for me and I must admit a very pleasurable one. James had been the only guy to fuck my ass, a pleasure I willingly gave to Mac the first time he fucked me in full of view of James. This made James extremely jealous and me incredibly horny. James admitted his jealousy afterwards but said it added to the intense pleasure of the situation.
I lay in bed finishing my coffee and croissant, thinking of the evening ahead.
James loved me to dress slutty and tease the guys, maybe have the odd dance where I'd let the guys have a little feel and also grab a sneak feel of their goods for myself. This would always drive James wild with desire as he watched his slut wife acting like the most easy fuck slut whore. This would get me incredibly horny but a little frustrated as I never got to finish the act. Even more so if the cock I'd been having a sneaky rub of was quite hung and belonged to a dishy guy. I lay in bed feeling my clit swell with aroused blood as my thoughts drifted off into the realms of fantasy where I am in some club dressed as James requested and the guys are swarming around me like bees to a honey pot. My fingers instinctively circled my clit as I imagined all of the guys feeling my tits and smooth pussy, dipping their fingers in and out of my pussy and ass. Stroking my clitoris, I brought myself to a gentle soothing orgasm, fantasizing about making all of the cocks erect, wishing they could be inside me. My orgasm waned as a flash of creativity buzzed in my mind. I could call Mac and see if he would like to be in one of the clubs later where I could tease James and some guys in the club and Mac could give me some attention and maybe fuck me later. I climbed out of my warm bed and rummaged through my handbag, searching my phone. Taking my phone out of my bag, I speed dialed Mac. After five rings his phone answered.
"Hello my sexy little fuck slut! And what can I do for you? Something nasty I hope!" Mac sniggered.
"James has given me a list of clothes to wear this evening as he wants us to go out to a few new places in town where I can cock-tease some guys. Do you fancy appearing at one of these places and taking the teasing a little further? You know I'll make it worth your while!" I said in a sultry voice.
"Of course I will. What is it he wants you to wear?" Mac enquired.
"That's a secret, but you know it will be something slutty!" I assured him.
"Mmm. You dressed all slutty, parading that gorgeous body and wanting to be fucked. Sounds delightful!" He enthused.
"Oh god I can't wait to feel your hard cock in my smooth shaved pussy!" I whispered.
"And in your tight ass!" Mac confirmed.
I felt my cheeks flush with arousal at the thought of Mac sliding his huge cock deep in my ass.
"You remember that James will want to watch!" I reminded Mac.
"Good. It turns me on to know I'm fucking his slut wife. Tonight I want you to tongue my ass while he looks on, seeing his cheating whore stick her tongue in another man's asshole!" Mac laughed.
"Oh fuck yeah!" I panted.
"I'll step up the humiliation tonight. You'll fucking love it watching him squirm whilst I fuck all of your holes and spunk all over your lips. I may even make you kiss him with your face plastered with my come!" Mac said sternly.
"Oh fuck I'm almost coming at the thought of it!" I whispered as my heartbeat pounded inside my chest.
"I'll be in town about 8:30 so text me where you are and I'll pop over and get the party started!" Mac confirmed.
"OK babe I'll text you tonight. Take care!" I finished and hung up my phone.
My pussy was throbbing with lust at the thought of being fucked by Mac after teasing a group of guys and all the while waiting for James to endure his sexual humiliation. No doubt about it, a good night was on the cards.
The rest of the day I spent pampering myself with a long luxurious soak in a coconut oil bath. Shaving my pussy totally smooth and doing my hair and make-up as requested. I stood naked looking at my oiled shiny skin as placed my dress on the bed. Holding up the fishnet stockings I Placed them on my legs, pulling them up my thighs, tight and snuggly. Slipping my dainty feet into the soft black leather thigh length boots, I began to pull the zip from below my ankle to the top of the boot on my inside thigh. The soft leather was skintight on my calf and accentuated the curve of my slender legs. With my body glistening from the absorbed coconut oil, the vision before me was extremely erotic. The boots and stockings looked incredibly sexy with the glistening flesh of my naked body. My smooth pussy lips were puffing up with desire and my nipples were aching as they became prominently erect. I reached into my jewelry box and took out two nipple rings, attaching them to my nipples through the pierced holes.
As arrogant as this sounds I did look incredibly sexy. My nipples were thrusting forward with small pierced hoops hanging from my erect nipples. I picked up the dress and slid it over my head. As my head popped through the neck, I pulled the shiny tight Lycra dress over my huge boobs, down my waist and over my buttocks. Smoothing the dress into position I looked at my reflection and tousled my hair for the just fucked look. The dress was like a second skin and my pierced nipples were fully prominent, poking through the thin shiny black material. I opened the wardrobe door and picked up a soft leather look black waspie belt. The belt fastened hook and eye at the front with a lace up effect at the back. Positioning the waspie around my small waist, I fastened the hook and eyes at the tightest available point. My waist now looked even smaller which made my tits look even bigger and my hips and ass even curvier. Again my apologies for sounding arrogant but I looked fucking hot. The cocks would be rock hard tonight.
I sprayed some Chanel around my neck, behind my ears and a quick burst around my dress. Carefully walking down stairs in the ridiculously high-heeled boots I lit a cigarette and poured myself a congratulatory glass of white wine. Looking at the kitchen clock I realized James would be here in less than ten minutes. Finishing my cigarette and wine, I walked into the hallway and retouched my make up looking into the full-length mirror opposite our front door. Stepping back from the mirror, I scrutinized my slut look, starting from the pointing toes of my jet-black soft leather thigh length boots. My fishnet hold-up stockings were stretched against the flesh of my thighs, highlighting the absorbed coconut oil, making my skin glossy and smooth. The black shiny mini dress was glimmering in the light, clinging to the contours of my curvy figure. The leather look waspie was cinching my small waist, enhancing my large breasts and curvy hips. My 34DD breasts were full and jutting forward with my pierced nipples prominent and erect. The turtleneck of the dress caressed my neckline showing my tousled blonde bob to perfection, framing my tasteful but slutty make-up. I was so pleased with my look; I was contemplating wearing my short leather jacket but decided against this, allowing my sheathed curves to be fully on display. My pussy was tingling at the prospect of the potential delights ahead. The door opened, startling me somewhat, as James stepped through the doorframe.
"Fucking perfect!" he drooled, looking me up and down with a salacious smile spread across his face.
"Glad you approve!" I smirked "Let's hope the lounge lizards and players agree with your point of view!"
"There won't be soft cock in the building!" James laughed.
Kissing me on the cheek, he stroked the fingers of his right hand over the shiny black dress, paying particular attention to my erect pierced nipples.
Tiny electric shocks shot through my pussy as I felt my arousal heighten.
"Let's go shall we?" James smiled.
Scooping up my handbag and mobile phone, I gave my hair one last tousle and walked out of the door closely followed by James.
James held the passenger door open for me and stared intently as I slid my curvy frame into the seat, ensuring he was rewarded with a view of my shaved pussy as my legs stretched in to the well below the dashboard.
Closing the passenger door, James walked round to the driver's door and climbed into the car. Putting his seat belt into position, he leant across and kissed me gently, feeling my breast once again. I slid my tongue into his mouth and gently kissed his lips. Breaking our kiss I looked into his eyes and said.
"I'm so horny tonight that I think I'll need to fuck someone not just tease them!"
"Lets see how things pan out!" James replied as he started the vehicle and drove off our drive on the short journey into to town. The drive was uneventful, but my cheating slut mind was whirring, thinking of situations to manipulate tonight, which in turn made my shaved pussy throb with expected excitement.
James pulled into a little diner we sometimes use, parking the car close to the entrance. The night sky was dark and the lights from the diner were illuminating the car park. We could see the diner was empty which disappointed me slightly as I do enjoy a nice little cock-tease with other diners.
We went straight to our usual booth and ordered a quick snack with a couple of beers. The food arrived promptly and we ordered another beer each to wash down our snacks.
Paying the bill we returned to the car and continued our journey into town. We reached our intended destination, a new pub/club on the outskirts of the city center. The outside appearance was very lavish with two well-groomed doormen in attendance. We got out of the car and I deliberately swayed my hips as provocatively as possible. The soft leather of my boots was swishing as I walked into the new venue. The place was almost with very little room left. I accompanied James to the bar where a couple of high bar stools were available. I climbed onto the stool, revealing the lace tops of my hold up fishnet stockings, crossing my thigh length booted legs, displaying the flesh above my stocking tops. I half turned in the seat, so I was almost facing the dance floor, which was already quite busy. I scoped out the club and recognized quite a few of the usual lounge lizards and players. One or two winks and kisses were sent in my direction, which I smiled acceptance at. James ordered the drinks and turned toward me smiling.
"I'm just going to powder my nose!" I smiled, which he knew was my way of walking the room and making sure my presence was noticed. I climbed off the stool and said.
"Keep my seat!" walking off into the direction of the ladies room. As soon as I entered the ladies I took out my phone and texted Mac of our location. Touching up my make-up, my phone pinged with a message notification.
"I'm in the same place as you and just watched you walk to the ladies. You look so hot and slutty. My cocks hard already!"
I smiled at the text and placed my phone bag into my handbag. Giving my hair one last tousle, I walked out of the ladies room, swaying my hips as I walked, smiling at all of the guys checking me out, even licking my lips at a few with an occasional wink for the particularly hot guys. As I returned to my barstool, I arched my back slightly pushing my ass and breast out. Climbing on the stool, I repeated my previous performance, ensuring stockings tops were in full view and my waist and tits looked their best. Hubby handed me my drink and said.
"You looked fucking terrific when you walked to the ladies! The return journey was just as effective!" he smiled "Plenty of guys were checking you out and I saw you flirting with a few!"
"That is the intention!" I smiled.
Taking a sip from my drink I looked out the thronging dance floor. The sound system was incredible as the bass beats pulsed off the walls. James was looking out onto the dance floor when I suddenly felt a hand on my waspied waist. The hand moved up my waist and gently caressed my side boob. I sat motionless enjoying the attention. A second hand went up the other side and this time it cupped my breast. The fingers gently stroked my pierced nipple as I felt hot breath on the nape of my neck. The breath blew gently on my neck and moved slowly up to my ear. My erogenous zones were alight by now as the breath sent sexual shivers up and down my spine. As the soft breath reached my ear a familiar voice whispered.
"I'm going to fuck your ass while James watches!"
Mac had made his presence felt. I turned around to greet Mac, who kissed me full on the lips, holding the back of my neck as he plunged his tongue inside my mouth. Returning his kiss with my snakelike tongue swirling around his, I felt my James' hand touch my arm. Breaking the kiss I half turned to James, who saw Mac's facing beaming proudly at him. James was shocked but not offended as Mac said hi.
I turned around to face Mac again who kissed me even more passionately as he ran one hand between my stockinged thighs. Instinctively I parted my legs slightly to allow him greater access to my pussy, as his hand pressed on to the smooth mound of my shaved pussy. The electric impulses were darting up my thighs and sending my pussy into overdrive. James just sat there open mouthed as Mac manhandled his slut trophy wife. I could feel my breath quickening as Mac slid a finger along the slit of my shaved pussy, opening the slit and sliding his index finger inside me. James stared in disbelief, as did one or two other guys hanging around the bar. I felt my hips rock involuntarily toward Mac's invading digit as my vaginal walls clamped onto Macs finger. I parted my legs wider giving my audience a clear view of my shaved pussy, with Macs finger sliding in and out of my smooth hole. James' mouth was open and the four guys staring at my shaved slut cunt were smiling as Mac fingered me to orgasm. Thankfully the music was loud as my orgasm was rather audible. Mac's finger speeded up as it fucked my tight pussy.
"Oh fuck my pussy Mac!" I moaned through my orgasm, as James looked on astonished, the four guys shaking their heads in exasperation. All of the guys were showing rather prominent bulges in their trousers as Mac said rather loudly.
"I'm going to fuck more than your slut pussy aren't I James! Get the drinks in and then we'll head off to your house where James can watch me fuck all of your unfaithful slut holes!"
James obediently ordered a round of drinks as Mac continued fingering my pussy. He ordered me to stand up off the stool and turn around. As the drinks arrived, I climbed off the stool and Mac turned me to face James.
"I'm going to stretch her asshole for a good fucking later!" Mac snarled as James just stared frozen to the spot.
Mac bent me over slightly and moved my mini dress over my buttocks exposing my ass to himself and the four voyeurs in attendance. Spitting on his hand he placed the tip of his spit drenched finger at my asshole and pushed it into my tight sphincter. My eyes rolled with sexual pleasure as my tight hole accommodated Macs finger. He began to push his finger in and out of my ass, as the four guys moved closer for a better view and shielded me somewhat from any other prying eyes. I twerked my ass at Macs finger as he pushed a second finger into my ass. My stretched asshole clamped onto Macs fingers as he continued to fuck my ass with his digits. I was rotating my hips now, putting on a sexual exhibition for my small audience. James was smiling now, obviously aroused from the antics and the sexual humiliation. Mac removed one of the fingers and replaced with a finger from his other hand. I felt him part his hands gently, exposing my asshole to my audience as he stretched my hole. I heard "Fucking hell! What a slut!" from one of my audience which sent a sexual shiver down my spine. Mac stretched my asshole till it was gaping for my audience. I arched my back, leaning against the bar stool as James stroked my pierced nipples. My ass thrust upward revealing my gaping hole to my audience along with my very wet smooth slit.
Mac said to one of the guys watching.
"Stick a finger in her pussy! Feel how tight this cheating sluts cunt is!"
I shuddered with sexual excitement as the finger slid into my pussy sending a second orgasm surging through my pussy.
"Oh yes! Finger my unfaithful holes!" I panted as the digits took me to sexual heaven. My hand reached out and stroked James' crotch. His cock was harder than ever before as he watched his trophy wife willingly become a total slut, being fingered in a club with her gaping ass and pussy on display.
Mac took his fingers out of my ass while the guy fingering my pussy continued.
"You'll not be fucking her tonight James. All those holes are mine, but you can watch while I fuck and abuse this slut of yours!" Mac said firmly.
James just nodded in agreement as the guy stuck a finger in my ass, with his friends giving him encouragement.
"Finger the bitch!" "The slut fucking loves it!" I rubbed the cock of the guy fingering me to find a rather large package tucked inside his trousers. I made a mental note to explore this further on a future occasion. One of the watching guys moved directly in front of me, blocking James off, as he slid his finger inside my mouth. I sucked his finger like a cock-sucking slut, as I rode the fingers in my pussy and ass to another orgasm. As my orgasm waned, Mac lifted my head and kissed me forcefully.
"Come on slut, let's get you home and filled with spunk!" Mac snarled. The guy removed his fingers from my pussy and ass, giving his colleagues a smell of my love juices for effect. One by one each guy took turns in sticking a finger in either my pussy or ass. I kissed each guy with a lot of tongue action as fingers plundered my ass and pussy. My breasts were now getting attention when I decided I needed to be fucked by Mac and halt any further action.
Standing bolt upright I could feel my ass gaping from the intrusions as Mac grabbed my arm and said to James.
"Come on James, get the car started while your cheating slut sucks my cock in the back, getting me ready to destroy all her holes once we get to yours!"
James climbed off his bar stool and followed Mac and I out of the club. Crossing the road all three of us headed toward the car. James got in the drivers seat as Mac held open the back door for me to climb into.
"Bend over and stick your ass up!" Mac ordered.
Being the obedient cock slut that I am, I bent over on my knees in the back seat and pushed my ass in the air. Mac moved my tight dress over my buttocks, revealing my smooth orbs to the world once again.
Sticking two fingers in my ass he growled.
"Take that fucking dress off, but leave that waspie thing around your waist!"
Thankfully the dress was a very thing gossamer like Lycra which I manipulated through my waspie, pulling the dress over my head, leaving me naked but for the waspie, Stockings and thigh length boots. Mac unzipped his flies and pulled his hard cock out then climbed into the car.
"James, I'm just going to fuck your slut wife up the ass while you drive. I dropped a Viagra before and this bitch looks so slutty, I think I'll be fucking her for hours!"
As the words were leaving his lips, his huge cock began to stretch the opening of my tight puckered ring. I let out a rather moan as his cock slid deep inside my asshole.
"Oh yeah! Fuck my ass Mac! Give me your big cock" I panted as he pushed the full length of his cock in my ass.
"Hear that James? She wants fucked up the ass!" Mac smiled.
The car moved away from the kerb as Mac pulled me on top of him, still with his cock in my ass, as he sat upright on the back seat with his fat cock stretching me. My legs were splayed wide open as his cock punished my tight hole. I rotated my hips, fucking his cock, as Mac held my tits and began to tweak and twist my pierced nipples. The feeling was painful and strangely arousing as my moaning and panting increased.
"Your bitch sure likes the cock up her ass James!" Mac tormented.
James just softly replied "Yes she does!"
"She's a fucking dirty slut James. Those guys fingering her while she rubbed their cocks! What a cheating whore you've married!" Mac continued with the tormenting. "I bet she was dying to suck all of their cocks and get a good mouth full of spunk!"
I was thrusting on Mac's cock as the words aroused me like never before. I would have loved to suck all of their cocks while they used and abused my holes. I was enjoying the experience of being a total slut and thriving on James' sexual humiliation at the same time. I decided to add to the torment.
"Oh fuck my ass Mac. I love your cock up my married cheating asshole! I'll do anything you want!" I squirmed.
"Hear that James? Your cock loving, cheating slut wife loves it up the ass! You probably need to fuck her up the ass James as you can see she loves it or she'll get some other cock to do it! You can see she's a dirty slut when you're there, so imagine how much of a nasty whore she would be if you weren't there!" Mac laughed.
I played along with this, enjoying the filthy talk and submitting to my cock master.
"Oh yeah!" I moaned, "I fucking love cock and I love cock fucking me! I want spunk in all of my holes!"
"She's a filthy exhibitionist James! And a cock loving one at that!" Mac confirmed.
Mac's hand went to my smooth shaved pussy and began to vigorously rub my bald mound. My clitoris hood peeled back as the blood engorged my swollen aroused clitoris. My orgasm was approaching and this one would be sexually violent. I thrusted forcefully on Macs cock as he rubbed my exposed clit. My orgasm was loud and multiple as I felt my pussy gush.
"Fuck my ass! Give me your cock. Make me your slut!" I screamed as the sexual energy reached fever pitch. As I panted furiously on Macs cock, I saw James' eyes in the rear view mirror. They were wide and shocked as he listened and witnessed his loving wife beg for the cock of another man.
"Fuck! His cock is so much bigger and better than yours!" I snarled as Mac squeezed my pierced nipples sending me right over the edge.
"Fuck my pussy later Mac and seed me!" I screamed as my orgasm subsided.
I could feel the gentle movement of Macs ribs as he laughed at my outburst.
"James, my slut, your wife, she fucking loves the cock!" he cackled.
I turned my head back towards Mac's and kissed him open mouthed as my breathing panted.
"Keep fucking me Mac! Give me your hard cock!" I panted.
James looked in the rear view mirror in shock and horror as I gave my body entirely to Mac's cock.
"Sounds like she is my slut!" Mac tormented.
"Fuck yes! I'm your slut Mac! Fuck me! Seed me tonight!" I confirmed.
"When we get to your house James, I'll let you watch this slut wife of yours take my load in all of her holes and finally on her pretty married face!"
Part two to follow.