Author's notes: This is the second part of Anthony and Katherine's adventure. To fully realize the relationship, it's best if you read the first one but not required. This installment may be a little more outlandish than the previous one, but I attempt to keep all my stories as realistic as possible.
Also, thank you to everyone for their feedback on the first chapter. As always, I appreciate and welcome feedback on ways to improve.
***
Anthony finished placing the last bag in the back of their Jeep. It's been a few weeks since his wife, Katherine suggested they go on this trip, and he was more nervous than ever. It almost seemed as if Katherine changed ever since the night she introduced him to 'Katie'. He found her a lot more confident, and comfortable in her own skin. Finding it incredibly sexy he agreed to this trip before really thinking it through.
"Almost ready?" Katherine called standing in the doorway of their building.
"Yeah, last bag. You got everything you need?" Anthony replied, trying to match her excitement about the trip.
"I think so, and I'm sure we will be fine. It's only a couple days."
Anthony pictured how the next few days would be and was not looking forward to it. Katherine had come up with idea, thinking it would he fun if they went to the annual music festival this year. His first reaction, after seeing the poster was it might be fun, after all the tag line was "a cross between Woodstock and Burning Man". However, Katherine insisted on them camping out in the field instead of getting a hotel nearby. He thought back to her exact words.
"We have to camp out. It will be so much fun, I don't want to miss any of it. And it's probably the only time we are going to go. I want to have the full experience."
The music festival was a multi-day, drug filled, hard core drinking and partying event. A large group of attendees decided to create a camp ground nearby and stay the whole time.
Finished packing they got on the road.
"This is going to be so much fun. I can't wait to get there." Katherine said as they got on the main road.
"Yeah, it will be good." Anthony replied, her excitement was contagious. Looking over at his wife in the passenger seat, her long brown hair fluttering in the wind from the open window. He couldn't help but admire her beauty. Her large breasts accentuated by her slender frame. She wore a light, frilly white and blue sun dress. It gently flowed to just above her knees. Admiring the view, he couldn't help but reach over and caress her long smooth legs.
Turning to her with a sly smile he met her gaze. Mouthing 'I love you' he slowly rubbed her leg. Sliding under her dress, he placed his hand between her legs. Brushing against her smooth slit he blushed.
Turning to him Katherine said, "I couldn't find any panties that you couldn't see through the dress, so, I'm not wearing any." Smirking, she gently pushed her hips against his hand. "It also makes this a lot easier."
Anthony, continuing to drive with one hand he started rubbing the outside of her slit with the other. Feeding off her excitement he wanted to satisfy her.
Feeling herself growing moist, Katherine didn't know if she enjoyed the physical stimulation, or the thought of doing it in public which made her more excited. "Put your finger inside" she whispered.
Her eyes closed, her breath quickened. Moaning, Katherine placed her hand on top of Anthony's, "faster" she breathed.
Quickening, Anthony placed a second finger inside his wife, bringing a gasp to her lips.
"I'm coming." Katherine blurted. "Don't stop." Grinding her hips against Anthony's fingers, she felt her slit clenching, gasping she desperately squeezed her breast over her dress.
Slowly, she opened her tightened legs as her body relaxed. Pulling his two fingers from his wife Anthony struggled to drive in a straight line. Katherine took his hand in hers, putting his dripping fingers in her mouth she groaned, "that was so good." Trying to maintain eye contact as he drove, she began twirling her tongue around his fingers, tasting her own juices created a new tingle deep within her.
"Oh my God. That was so hot" was all Anthony could muster to say. His penis, pushing firmly against his shorts ached for release. "Should we pull over somewhere?" he asked. Hopeful he would be able to last that long.
Leaning close, Katherine put her hand on his crotch, rubbing his hard member above his clothes. She whispered in his ear, "do you wanna fuck me? You wanna teach Katie a lesson?" Unzipping his pants, she pulled his stiff erection out, grabbing his stiff shaft she pumped "is that what you want? Teach your naughty girl a lesson?"
Anthony could barely contain it any longer, the visual he just witnessed had already caused his manhood to throb uncontrollably. Now released from its confinement, being stroked by his wife's smooth, soft hands he had to release. Anthony pulled the car off the road, enthralled by the steady stroking, anticipating his final release he closed his eyes. Filled by lust, Katherine admired her husband's penis. Stroking it steadily she could feel his precum coating her fingers, his head bulging with anticipation. Lowering her mouth, she took him inside her. She was desperate to satiate her need to feel him inside her. Slowly, she twirled her tongue along the slit. Quickening, she bobbed up and down along his shaft, maintaining contacting with her lips.
Katherine could feel his penis contracting in her mouth, feel the veins throbbing against her lips, she knew he was close. Eager to taste him, Katherine gently grabbed his balls. Rubbing his balls, she took his entire shaft in her mouth.
Anthony could feel the growing pressure within his penis. Feeling his wife's mouth envelop his manhood, he knew he was close. Both Anthony and Katherine were encapsulated in their tasks. Forgetting their surroundings, they both were taken by surprise when a passing vehicle started honking. Anthony's eyes shooting open, he had just enough time to see a car full of guys hollering out the window as they passed. Hearing a passing car hollering invigorated Katherine. Thinking someone may have seen, may have watched, caused new moisture between her legs. Driven by her deepening desire, she energized her actions.
With Katherine's invigorated stimulation Anthony cried out "Hm, I'm coming!"
Katherine heard Anthony cry out moments before she felt his warm seed sprout from his penis. Swallowing, she felt his manhood draining into her mouth.
Katherine, giddy with euphoria stated, "we better get back on the road". Smiling she wiped the corner of her mouth.
***
Arriving at the festival Anthony pulled behind the line of cars entering the parking lot. Slowly, making their way to the front they noticed the attendant. A middle-aged man was sitting in the booth, slouching in his seat he directed incoming cars to the parking lot and their assigned camp ground.
Katherine's entire body tingled ever since the car on the road. Desperate to experience it again she had a flash of mischievous thoughts.
"Tickets?" the attendant barely managed to state.
"I had them right here." Anthony flustered, rifling through the paper work trying to locate them.
Katherine, smiling at the attendant ever so slightly raised the bottom of her dress. Raising it slowly to prevent Anthony from noticing she could feel the attendant's eyes on her.
"Ah, here we go." Anthony managed, finding the tickets and handing them over.
Anthony was fully distracted by the attendant. Katherine couldn't hold her self back, pulling her dress to her hips she exposed her smooth slit while staring at the attendant.
Clearing his throat, the attendant was caught unaware. Tripping over his words "ah, here, here ya go. Turn left and follow the road to the end. Yawl are in campground B."
Pulling her dress down, Katherine readjusted in her seat. Feeling herself on display, her body being enjoyed by another man she was ecstatic.
Driving along the pathway Anthony could see people every where. The festival didn't officially start till later that night. Meanwhile, people were already milling about and setting up camps. Pulling into a parking spot Anthony said "here we are, lets grab a couple bags and find the campsite. I'll come back and get the rest later."
**
"This looks like a good spot." Katherine said, arriving at an empty campsite. In the middle was a firepit with stakes for up to three tents around it. "The bathrooms and food trucks are nearby. Unless you wanted some where more private?"
Anthony had hoped for a quieter corner campsite, one further from the action. Noticing Katherine's excitement, and knowing she wanted to have the full experience he couldn't argue. "No, you're right, looks like a good spot" Anthony replied. Claiming the spot in the corner Anthony tried to begin setting up their tent. It was a small two person green and black tent. They also brought along a battery powered blow up mattress.
"Everything is pretty much set, I will go back to the car and get the rest of our clothes and stuff before it gets too packed. Then we can go and look around?" Anthony asked. Katherine was watching everything going on around them, he knew she was itching to take it all in.
"Ya sounds good. I'll finish up and get changed when you come back" replied Katherine.
Katherine finished setting up their tent, she stood outside waiting, she couldn't wait for Anthony to get back. Crowds of people were everywhere; some were wearing very little clothing; a lot were already drunk and stumbling around.
Hearing thunder Katherine wished Anthony would hurry up. Walking to the edge of the campsite she hoped to see him nearby. Meanwhile the clouds opened. Rain pouring in thick sheets instantly. Already soaking wet, Katherine scrambled into the tent. Inadvertently in her haste, she kicked one of the support pegs causing it to come crashing down on her. Rattled, she managed to get out from under the tent and tried to restore it. The rain was relentless, it had soaked her through. Holding the tent pegs in her hand she heard footsteps behind her. "Finally, I need help, I.." turning, Katherine saw four guys standing behind her.
"Sorry, I thought you were my husband" Katherine managed, visibly embarrassed.
"It's ok. Need help?" one of them blurted out.
It took Katherine a moment to realize her dress had soaked through. The thin material clung to her every curve. Completely see through, it clearly displayed her erect nipples behind her baby pink lace bra. It also made it painfully obvious she wasn't wearing any panties. Feeling the heat from all four men staring at her only invigorated Katherine, she knew she should turn away or feign embarrassment but couldn't.
"Hey, how's it going?" Anthony said as he rounded the group of guys. Figuring he should make the most of the camping situation he thought he should be friendly to their camp mates. The group turning to see him, allowed Anthony to get a glimpse of his wife. His immediate reaction, seeing her standing there, fully on display in front of these guys was excitement. However, as he looked back at group he was filled with embarrassment instead.
"Hey, you are the guys from the car!" one of the guys pointed at the couple. "The one who was getting head on the side of the road?"
The entire group smiling, looked back and forth between Anthony and Katherine.
Visibly flustered Anthony said to Katherine, "Yeah, ah, let me help you. What happened?" walking up to her hoping the group wouldn't camp here.
"Uh, it started raining, and when I ran in I knocked it down. These guys said they could help" Katherine replied, gesturing towards the group.
"Yea, let me help, these guys can set up our tents" one of the guys replied. Stepping forward "I'm Bailey, that's Matthew, that's Ethan, and that's Peter" he gestured to each guy in turn as they waved.
"Hey" Anthony replied, nodding at them.
"Hey, Bailey. I'm Katie, this is my husband Anthony" Katherine replied. "Nice to meet you guys."
Reaching out to shake his hand Katherine couldn't help but notice how cute he was, he had shoulder length blonde hair, broad full shoulders, and she could tell due to the tightness of his shirt he was incredibly fit.
Anthony was taken aback by Katherine's introduction, he never heard her refer to herself as Katie outside the bedroom. He immediately felt himself harden picturing his wife.
**
Finishing getting the tent set up Katherine said "I'm going to get changed. Then you ready to head out?"
"Ya, sure" Anthony replied following her into the tent.
Anthony watched as Katherine peeled her wet dress off her body. Her wet hair clinging to her neck. Facing him, Katherine smiled. She playfully began shaking her hips gently to the music heard coming from the stage. Slowly, she began to undo her bra, drawing out the strip tease. Closing her eyes, she pictured herself being watched by the group of guys, she felt herself moisten.
Dropping her bra on the floor Katherine began to slowly rub her breasts, sliding her hand down her navel she rubbed her mound. "Like what you see?" she asked. Turning around, her round soft butt was exposed. Slightly bending over, Katherine peaked behind her.
Anthony was unbuckling his pants, his erection desperate to penetrate her.
"Let me see it" she whispered, getting on her knees between his legs.
Pulling his remaining clothes off his stiff penis rose straight up.
"Hm, I can't wait to feel you inside me" Katherine moaned, she had hoped the guys nearby could hear.
Crawling around Anthony, Katherine had a devious plan. "I want you to lick me" she said.
Kneeling beside his head, Katherine lowered her to his lips. Putting her soft supple lips on his, she ran her hand down his chest. Anthony began to explore her body with his hands, squeezing her breast she let out a moan.
Breaking their kiss, Katherine turned around. Katherine placed her leg over his head, straddling his face.
"Oh fuck, I love this. I love when you sit on my face" Anthony moaned. Staring at Katherine's slit his penis twitched. Her slit was inches from his face. Intoxicated by her scent, seeing her lips glistening with desire. He gently kissed the outside of her lips; her juices began to flow freely.
Katherine began grinding her hips on her husbands face. Feeling his tongue explore her folds sent her over the edge. Leaning forward, she was on all fours. Admiring every detail of his engorged penis. Katherine fought her desire to mount his penis. Her pussy was aching to be penetrated, she desperately wanted to feel a penis stretch her. Feeling it explode within her.
Katherine leaned forward, softly moaning, she slowly began to unzip the tent opening. Able to clearly see outside, she continued to grind her hips on Anthony's tongue. She could feel his hands groping her body, feel his tongue explore her slit, his hands exploring her butt. Looking around, she could see Bailey sitting across from the fire pit. Bailey was staring into her eyes. Bailey being aware of her only added immensely to her elation. Staring across the camp directly at Bailey, Katherine began to moan louder.
"Keep going. Lick my pussy" she begged.
Leaning over, she took Anthony's penis in her mouth. Feeling the thickness of his swollen penis inside her mouth, Katherine continued to stare at Bailey. Unable to take her eyes off him she anxiously wanted him to join them. To feel his erect penis penetrate her, while her husband continued to lick her, intoxicated her with lust.
Katherine was unable to suspend her desire any further. Releasing Anthony's penis from her mouth she quickly dismounted Anthony's face. Scrambling down his body, Katherine maintained eye contact with Bailey. Reaching Anthony's legs, Katherine mounted his stiff penis. Reaching between her legs, feeling herself dripping with desire, she guided his penis inside herself. "Oh, fuck!" Katherine blurted. "Your cock feels so good." Lowering herself slowly on Anthony's shaft, Katherine closed her eyes in ecstasy.
"Oh yea .. that feels so good" Anthony watched as Katherine bounced as she rode his stiff cock. Feeling himself deep inside her. Feeling her moist opening stretching to accommodate him felt riveting. He watched as her butt bounced on him, hearing a faint slap.
Anthony had felt the cold air of outside when Katherine opened the flap. Having witnessed his wife's reactions to being watched, wasn't lost on him. Arriving back at the campsite to the guys gawking her had excited him. Anthony always thought of his wife as desirable. Watching other men look at her, want to be with her, stirred a primal desire in him he never knew he had. Feeling a change in Katherine's intensity when she opened the flap and was on display, he knew she felt the same way.
Watching the scene in front of him was almost too much for Bailey, he desperately wanted relief. Feeling his cock pulse, matching his quickened heart rate. Not wanting to push his luck he remained where he was.
Katherine opened her eyes, feeling Anthony's penis fully penetrate her, she began to slowly rub her breasts. Nodding towards Bailey she hoped he would get the message. Katherine knew, as desperately as longed to taste him while she rode Anthony, it wouldn't happen tonight. Instead, she settled to see him exposed.
Bailey watched as Katie bounced on Anthony's cock, yearning it was his instead. Seeing her large breasts swaying, her mound glistening from excitement. He desperately tried to contain himself. Seeing Katherine nodding towards him caused his penis to stir further.
Katherine watched as Bailey stared. She could feel her pussy tightening, feel Anthony's penis twitching inside her, she didn't want the moment to end without seeing Bailey.
"Fuck me harder!" she moaned as she straightened her hips to meet his, pushing his penis deeper within her. "I want you to come inside me, I need to feel you come"
Unable to contain her depravity any further, Katherine motioned for Bailey to relieve himself.
Bursting with anticipation, Bailey undid his pants. Pulling his penis from its confines, Katherine is staring.
As Katherine continues to feel her husbands enflamed penis deep within her, she's captivated by the sight of Bailey's penis. Fully swollen she could see it is slightly longer then Anthony's, it also appears substantially thicker. Hungry to taste him, Katherine cannot take her eyes off it. Watching as he slowly begins to stroke its full length.
Desperate to have her pussy filled with Anthony's semen, Katherine reinvigorates her thrusting. Meeting his hips with hers she bares down, taking it as deep as possible. "Come with me" Katherine gasps.
Staring at Bailey, she wishes she could taste him exploding in her mouth while Anthony exploded in her soaking pussy. "Come inside me" she yells as her own orgasm overtakes her body. Squeezing her breasts, her pussy pulsates. The feeling of ecstasy coursing throughout her body.
Quickened, Anthony blurts. "oh yea. I'm coming. Don't stop. You feel amazing!" His eyes rolling back, arching his back, desperate to penetrate as deep as possible. His penis erupts inside Katherine. His semen coating the inside of her pussy and dripping back down along his shaft.
'Come for me' Katherine mouths to Bailey. Watching, as he furiously strokes his cock. Placing a finger between her legs. Katherine scoops Anthony's semen, placing her dripping finger in her mouth she stares at Bailey smiling.
Anthony was elated after his release within his wife. Feeling his newly awakened primal desire draining. "I love you so much, you're so sexy" he said, trying to catch his breath.
Distracted, Katherine didn't answer. Continuing to watch Bailey stroking himself, Katherine was eager for him to climax for her own yearning.
Anthony could feel Katherines absent mindlessness, he peaked around her just in time. Sitting clearly across the campsite, Anthony could see Bailey stroking his penis. Anthony watched as it erupted, thick streams coating his chest and hands. Anthony's penis, still deeply within his wife could feel her pussy tighten. Realizing own primal desire was not fully quenched, it caused his penis to harden again.