As I rose from my slumber, I felt no more rested than when I had thrown myself in bed in frustration last night. Paige and I had ended our fun shortly after her mind-blowing orgasm. Then the awkwardness of the situation hit us both. She had stuttered some excuse and fled to her room. This left me alone with my mind and unsated sex drive. I had tried all sorts of tricks to get off, but nothing had worked. I was so desperate I even thought about texting old exes. Luckily, I had some brain cells left working to stop me. In the end I had fallen asleep with no relief whatsoever.
Maybe it was better I had fallen asleep while still a horny mess. My sex driven mind had no desire to think about how Paige's and I's relationship would change after last night. Now I was awake. My mind clearly thinking about the awkwardness of it all. Not one to hid from uncomfortable situations, I threw on a pair of pjs and a shirt. I doubted being naked would help. I headed out into the living room but Paige was nowhere to be seen. She may have wanted to avoid me for a bit. While I was not hiding, I wasn't going to go hunting for her. I decided to grab some cereal and wait for her to appear. As I started my search through the cabinets, I heard the sound a door opening. That simple noise set my whole body on edge.
"Morning Cora." Paige said in a happy voice that showed no sign of feeling awkward.
My focus on food was gone and I turned to face Paige. She was dressed in a long red skirt with a white sleeveless blouse. She had her face put together too. "How are you already dressed and got your makeup done this early?" I asked.
"Cora...it's ten a.m.. Unlike you, I've been up for hours."
I felt a bit sheepish not knowing the time but let it drop as I decided to tackle our current predicament head on. "Yeah my bad. So, Paige..."
She held up a hand and gave me a heartfelt smile. "Cora let me go first on this. Last night was fun but also unexpected. Not that I'm complaining. If it happens again, I am game, if not I'm fine too. I don't want it to be awkward between us so let's keep it casual. Ok?"
"That's it? You manage the worry I have had all morning that easily?" I exclaimed, surprised how logical she was being about this.
"Yeah you're the emotional one out of us and I have been working on something."
"Wow apparently the orgasm I gave you last night didn't slow you down at all. Your brain is in full swing"
"You mean the orgasm that the suit gave me. Anyways, going back around to the suit, I've been working on an idea." She said proving my point.
I gave an eye roll and dramatic sigh. "Please tell me you did not turn your bedroom into a kink dungeon last night to match your kink suit"
"Ehh no, well...maybe." She gave a pondering look that made me wonder how bad I had corrupted her last night. She giggled at my shocked expression. "I'm kidding. I have been talking to my professor and I think I may have a job for you."
"Really?" I said perking up. My job hunt had been so useless I was giving up hope and any sign of a job was music to my ears. So much so it took me a second to register what she was implying "Wait do I have wear the kink suit?"
"Not that specific one but yeah you do. It's a one-time gig and pays pretty decent. I would do it, but I have some issues with it."
"What does it require, Paige?"
"Well, our research has a sponsor, a patron of the sciences as you would say. She wants to demonstrate what her funds have been going to for some friends and we need someone to model the suit for her."
"Wait so I not only have to wear a ki...suit but also demonstrate it in front of an old lady and her friends."
"She isn't that old but yes. If It goes well, it may convince her to fund us enough to get a proper team and she's paying a thousand for this gig."
"A thousand for one night?" I said shocked. "This woman must be rich."
"Yep. So, are you in Ms. Too-broke-to-pay-for-dinner-Cora?" Paige asked teasing.
"That is a low blow. But yeah I guess I already have a low self-worth so I'm in."
"Good because I told Professor Green yes already."
"Wow, so I basically couldn't say no?"
"Not at all. Now go get dressed so we can get to the lab. He has a lecture this morning for summer school, but I can help get things set up."
I gave a longing look at the cabinet with all my unhealthy cereals and sighed. I stomped off to my bedroom to get dressed.
Dressed in a pair of spandex shorts and a tee, so I could easily change later, I was ushered into Paige's little coupe. Once inside she tossed me a bag of dry cereal which I was happy to munch on as she went over a few things. "So, luckily we actually have two suits. One was a bit loose on me which didn't work with the tech but should be a perfect fit for you. All I need to do is get you in it and get your readings. It will make it easier when he gets there to set you all up."
Arriving at the drab office buildings brought a fresh blush to my face. The memories of seeing Paige in the suit for the first time yesterday were still fresh in my mind. She on the other hand didn't seem fazed at all by the memories or didn't even think about that moment. As soon as I got out of the car, she grabbed my hand and basically started to drag me into the building. Maybe this was her in work mode, or possibly her way of processing last night. Either way, I was forced down the lifeless hallway and into the office.
The lab's interior was rather unimpressive. It did not have the look or feel of the last lab I had been in, which was in high school, but more of an open planned office. One half of the lab had a few desks, computer, machines, and a table covered in various tools, fabrics, and other materials for the suit. The other half of the lab was completely open, my guess for testing movements in the suit. On the back wall of the computer area was a door and a large metal locker with a weird lock on it. It was this cabinet that Paige beelined for.
With a quick swipe of a keycard she wore, the locker popped open. Taking up most the room inside was two of those bags that you keep nice suits in. Above them was a small shelf that had a few mannequin heads with what looked like masks on them, but I was bit short to get a good look of them up there. On the interior of the door were various ear headbands, some just metal frames others fully covered. Paige didn't miss a beat as the locker opened and placed down her work bag. She pulled out the cat ears from her suit and placed them on a hook. Then came out her neatly folded suit which she unfolded and place in one of the two bags.
Once done putting her stuff away she grabbed the second suit bag and handed it to me. Motioning towards the door next to the locker she spoke. "In there is a small bathroom where you can change. No clothes underneath as it will mess with the readings and connection."
Pushing down my shock at having to be naked to wear the suit I asked what I thought was an obvious question. "Umm how do I put it on?"
"Oh, there is a small zipper on the back. It's easily to see on the naked suit but a pain to zip up. Let me know if you need any help."
"Oh ok." I blushed a little at the word naked but tried to control myself. It seemed I was still a confused horny mess. I had to push my horny mind away for now and focus on the task at hand. Entering the bathroom, I put the suit bag on the back of the door as I closed it. I unzipped the bad and found a black spandex like suit covered in all sorts of patterns of every color. It reminded me of a morph suit but one that was made to look like a terrible modern art piece. It did look a little small but I could imagine that it was rather stretchy so that shouldn't be a problem. All I had to do now was strip and put it on, but I was hesitating. "Did Paige really mean naked? Maybe she just meant underwear?" I thought but no I would have seen hers last with how tight the suit was. She really meant naked. "Well, I'm already here so too late to back out."
Quickly stripping I threw all my clothes in a messy pile, half out of habit, half out an urge to annoy Paige. I grabbed the suit and spent the next few minutes struggling, squirming, and everything else to get myself in it. Then once I had it on I spent a few more minutes struggling to find and zip up the damn thing. But I prevailed and was now fully incased in the weird modern piece from foot to the top of my neck. The suit fit almost perfectly, which was amazing since it wasn't made for me. It was tight no doubt, but I could raise my arms fully up and stretch my legs with no issue.
Examining myself, well the top half, in the small bathroom mirror I was even more impressed. All the patterns and colors were a bit jarring but the suit itself looked great. It pushed my breasts up and held them as well as any bra. The only concern was that you could see my nipples but once the suit was covered that wouldn't be an issue. It followed the curves of my body, and I was glad that I somewhat stayed in shape as I admired my smooth stomach. I knew that if I wanted to wear it long term a controlled diet and exercise would be needed. I had to drag myself away from the mirror and get back to Paige before she came hunting for me.
With a deep breath I slipped out of the bathroom and back into the lab. I was full of nerves, but Paige didn't even notice me at first. She was rapidly typing away on a computer oblivious to the world. As I closed the door it creaked and this was all that was needed to bring Paige back to the world. Spinning around she started to speak before even facing me. "Good news we still have that sui...." Her sentence stopped as her eyes locked on me, wide and full of surprise. "Oh wow. Does it fit all right? I mean it looks like it uh does, but does it?" She stuttered out.
"Yeah almost like it was made for me." I replied shying slightly under her gaze, though my blush showed that I did not mind the attention. I doubt she noticed it though as her eyes were traveling my body and not even looking at my face.
"That's good it looks perfect" She stopped speaking again as her eyes locked on my breasts with a look of desire. I wasn't sure where we stood after yesterday, or how I felt about sex with women in general, but that look made those worries vanish. She took a tentative step toward me but jumped back as the lab door swung open. It was her turn to blush and my heart skipped a beat as I realized she was going to touch me, maybe even kiss me. 'Did I want that?' I wondered. I was unsure but silently cursed the people entering the room for their terrible timing and ruining my chance to find out. Still, I put on my fake customer service smile to great our new arrivals.
A man, who I guessed was Professor Green was first in the lab. I assumed this from his well styled but starting to grey hair and beard. They were tell-tale he was too old to be a student. It was not a bad look and overall, he did look very young. If I was to guess I would say he was around his late thirties. He was wearing a dark grey button up shirt, black slacks and had matching shoes. It was a look that honestly worked with his average physique. I could honestly not blame Paige for wanting to spend late nights in the lab with him. I doubted anything ever happened with how shy she was. 'Though maybe she will be spending late nights with me now.' My horny, dirty mind thought. I gave myself a mental slap and focused my attention on the woman who followed Green in.
The woman was very different from the professional looking Professor Green. She was wearing faded tight jeans, a green crop top, and black heels. Her hair was bright red and cascaded down her back looking glamourous and perfect. Even her makeup was on point with dark colors highlighting her blue eyes and the right amount of lipstick to make her lips look full and desirable. She was straight up hot, and she knew it by the way she entered the room.
Last to enter was Ian, the cute nerdy looking guy that had answered the door yesterday. He had been holding the door for the rest forcing him to shove some sort of pastry in his mouth. Paige sighed slightly as he entered. "Really Ian? Shoving food in your mouth?"
"What? I didn't eat before morning lecture and Professor Green basically dragged me here after. It took all my willpower to get away and grab this." He said after chewing his large mouthful.
The professor didn't respond to this as he was in deep conversation with the woman in front of the table covered in electronics and fabrics. They talked in whispers as they looked at a tablet and she seemed to be standing a little too close to be professional. I wondered if they were an item and looked at Paige to get a hint. Instead, I found her glaring daggers at the huddled pair. 'Did she having feelings for the professor or maybe even her?' I wondered mentally. 'Then what happened between us a few minutes ago?' Clearly this girl was more of a romantic mess then I realized.
As the pair talked, Ian and Paige dispersed to their stations and begin the setup for todays work. The woman, while talking to the professor shifted her gaze from the tablet to me and I swear my heart skipped a beat. Her eyes were calm but had a feeling of complete control. She smirked at my obvious flustered appearance and gave me a sly wink. Once the professor finished talking, she walked over and held out a hand which I took without hesitation.
"I'm Sasha. I love the morph suit look but hopefully my work will look better on you." She said in a voice that was almost too sultry for professional talk.
' "Your work?" I asked trying not to sound awkward and failing.
"Yep, I do all of Green's costume designs like that white suit."
"Oh, that one is really pretty. I'm sure you'll make mine look great too."
"With you wearing it how can it not be beautiful." She replied with that smirk. My brain was now mush and if Paige didn't have a crush on her, well I certainly had one. Sasha didn't wait for a response as she went on. "Well, I got work to do now. Email me those design ideas Green." He murmured something of a response as she left the room.
The door closing behind her seemed to snap Green from his tablet and he looked around like he expected Sasha to still be there. Gathering his bearings, he focused on me and walked up. He stuck out his hand and when I took it, he clasped his other one over the top of my hand and shook firmly. A smile crossed his face that was pleasant, and the joy spread to his eyes. Ok I could see Paige having a crush on him. He was pure daddy energy and even I was liking it. Wait first a crush on Paige, then Sasha, and now Green. Was I that desperate for love or just lust?
Like my earlier thoughts they would have to wait as Green spoke. "You must be Paige's friend Cora. Thank you so much for the help with this."
"No problem I needed a job Professor."
"Please we aren't in a class, just call me Robert." He let go of my hand and gestured at Ian and Paige. "I have told these two the same but old habits die hard for my former students it seems."
"I'm still a student!" Ian piped in from his workstation.
"Right you are." He said smiling at his student before he turned back to me. "So, I am glad to see the suit fits perfect and for your agreement to the job. From what Paige told me this morning, I know to not bore you to death with all the scientific phrases, but your help may push us months ahead of schedule. I hadn't expected to find a model so quickly that fit the suit this well. I had planned for a long search. That said we will have to put in long hours to get everything calibrated to you and all the prototypes semi-operational. Is that alright with you?"
"If it gives me a break from the brain numbness of job hunting then yea, I am all in."
"Excellent." His attention turned to Paige quickly. "Paige please grab me a bare headset so we can start to calibrate." His eyes went back to me. "If all goes well with the investor, I will compensate you extra on top of the promised pay for the demo and if not then out of my pocket."
"It's fine I owe Paige a lot from over the years."
As if summoned Paige appeared carrying the metal skeleton of ears and a headband. I was surprised by the lack of wires, but I guess that was part of the new tech.
"Your tiara madam." She teased as I bent so she could place it on my head.
Before I could respond Green's voice echoed across the room. "Right time to get to work."
The next few hours killed any fledgling thoughts I had about a career in science. Calibrating the headset to my body and mind proved to be a dull affair and while the tail moving for the first time was a fun surprise it soon lost its charm. No one even really spoke as they typed away at computers to get everything set, besides asking to me to move slightly on occasion. On the upside Green did order us lunch but I only ate a little in fear of somehow damaging the suit with a spill. All this boredom and silence did have the benefit of giving me some time to think about my emotions today. The bad part is I still had no idea how I felt about any of it.
After hours of being stuck between being mentally driven insane and complete boredom, Paige broke the sound of typing with her voice. "Ok professor I think we are ready for stage two."
"Right." He replied and grabbed a chair. He brought it over to me and gestured for me to sit, something I was glad to do after hours on my feet. I sunk into the chair and took a deep breath. "How are you feeling Cora." He asked with concern.
"Tired and a bit brain dead, Professor."
He laughed. "No offense but brain dead is something we can not work with. We only have a bit left for today.
"Sounds good. What do you need me to do?" I asked wanting to get today done as quick as possible.
"Well, that needs some explanation. At the moment, we have been working with our headband connection design but our investor has a different design in mind for this demonstration. She desires a full head piece in the design of a certain caricature."
"Okay?" I replied confused to why this was such a big deal.
"We have been working on all the parts for this like audio relay and vision but have yet to put them together with a mask. At the present we only have a bare mask with the same tech as the headband with filler bits to simulate size and weight of the future tech and design. Basically, to wear it now would be akin to being deaf and blind due to the material we use. We do have a way to text communicate with you, but it can be a very tough ordeal for some people to be deaf and blind."
"Huh." Was the only reply I could make, and I looked at Paige. For her credit she did not looked worried and gave me a reassuring smile. "I will be in charge of the text, so you have a familiar voice so to speak." She explained.
The Professor continued before I could reply. "The work today will only take at most thirty minutes to get the basics synced to the suit and then you will be done. No more wearing it until either vision or audio are added."
"Sounds simple enough. I'm game."
I swear I could feel the tension in the room ease at my agreement. I guess they were expecting me to say no which at best would delay work and worse mean me walking out, ruining a whole day of work.
Green did not say anything else and rushed to grab the mask. Meanwhile Paige came up with two remote earbuds. "Music will be better than hearing muffled voices." She explained. I nodded my consent and she placed them in my ears and soon I was only hearing classic rock, my favorite genre.
'Of course, Paige would know that.' I thought.
Green approached with the mask, and it definitely was a work in progress. It was black like my suit and covered in similar patterns so at least it matched in that regard. The ugly part was the yellow like ears on the top and muzzle attached to it. I couldn't tell what animal it was meant to be, but it was definitely an animal, I think. It was in a very rough state. But I had little time to admire it as Paige got my hair ready and the mask slowly slid down my face. It was tight, for obvious reasons, and took a bit of work to get down my head. After an ow or two though it got there, and I was plunged into darkness. The music was my only companion as they clamped the mask down and then I had no real way to tell what was happening around me.
As my eyes tried to adjust, bright almost neon words flashed in front of my eyes giving me enough time to read the message. "Hey this is Paige on the text system. I am watching your vitals. You look nice and calm. Nod your head if you are all good?"
I gave a sharp nod and for a bit everything went dark again. After what felt like a few minutes but was probably only one, the text returned. "Good, they got everything going and it should be done pretty quickly. Personally, I think the idea of you being soundproofed is fun. For example, no one can hear you moan when I do this." I was confused but then it felt like a tongue was flicking and teasing my right nipple. I let out a noise that was a mixture of a gasp and moan. 'Crap. Is Paige getting revenge for last night?'
It wasn't a one-time sensation. It kept going teasing and toying with me. Mixed with my already horny mind it was a dangerous combination. Then more text appeared. "I know you are moaning so loud right now. The two boys didn't even notice your jolt with that first touch. I doubt they even know the connection is this set already. I bet I could make you cum without them even noticing. Would you like that, my horny Cora? Nod or shake your answer for me."
I honestly wasn't sure. Yes, the tongue feeling was amazing at teasing my nipple In all the right ways, and yes I had been horny since last night. But this? Cuming in a room with such an insanely high chance of being caught? I wasn't sure I had the courage needed for that. But It would be fun to try. Crap I still had no answer, so I shrugged my shoulders to show her my indecisiveness.
"Aww you're not sure." the texted teased. "Maybe this will help. Remember nod when you want me to make you cum." Suddenly there was two tongues one for each nipple. They weaved and licked in every way that made me want to moan and squirm. I was able to control the squirming, but I could not stop myself letting small whines of pleasure escape my lips. Then the sensation of hands appeared. They were caressing me, fingertips dancing lightly against my skin. A finger feathered across my inner thighs getting so close to my pussy, while another traced my spine up and down. Any worries I had about being exposed vanished with the hypnotic touch.
"I do owe you." The text said as it returned. "I could never of imagined the suit was capable of this until you showed me. How good is it making you feel Cora? Do you want to cum yet so you can see how much better it gets?"
I nodded quickly twice before controlling myself. The tongues and hands had made me desperate. I needed something, anything to send me into climax. I no longer just wanted to cum, I was craving it like a sex starved whore. "Your wish is my command." The text responded.
The hands and tongues vanished, and I moaned out of pure frustration. But then a new sensation came. It felt like my nipples were being pulled down by weight. I had never tried nipple clamps, but I am guessing this is what they felt like. If so, I would be buying some. The sensation was just the right mix of pleasure and pain. 'After last night I took a real good look at the suit program and found lots of secrets. I will have to find out who added them but for now I plan to use all of them.'
My eyes closed as I enjoyed the clamps pull but something else was starting. The tongue which had vanished earlier now returned this time dancing between my thighs. It kept coming close to entering me but stopping and returning to my thighs or clit in a constant cycle of teasing. I tried to thrust my hips towards it but of course it was only in the suit and my movements had no effect. Well maybe they will make Paige realize how desperate I was.
A bright light made me open my eyes and new text was there. "I doubt you will be able to keep you eyes open much soon." Fuck she had called me out hard. The text did not stop though. "So just relax and enjoy. I decided oral was perfect, so you won't act out riding a huge cock. Just imagine me between those legs of yours."
That was all I need to see to let myself get lost in the feelings of my body. Paige on her knees, looking up at me as she used her tongue to bring me to the edge. I did try to keep still as the thrill of hiding what was happening to me added so much to all this. I was allowing myself to moan though, not worrying if the mask would muffle it or not. The tongue now shifted from full on teasing to penetrating me and weaving around my pussy. It moved perfectly, teasing, and pleasuring in equal but pleasurable amounts. There was no doubt someone had put a lot of work in this aspect of the tech, and I loved them for it. The tongue felt better than any lover I had been with.
As the tongue edged me to climax, the two tongues on my nipple returned, replacing the weights. They were just as effective as before and toyed and teased me in sync with the one pleasuring my pussy. The image of Paige between my legs shifted, adding Sasha and Green teasing my breasts, both giving me teasing looks. It was too much Being ravaged by multiple mouths, an endless assault of pleasure an ecstasy. I was their toy in this orgy and I loved it. I wanted to be used and teased and fucked, a willing puppet for their games.
I was now close to the climax I wanted but something was holding me back. It was like my mind had set up a last mental block, the worries of being caught causing one last issue. I groaned in frustration. All I craved was to just cum. Then it happened. Two fingers joined the tongue inside me, and their sudden entry broke that last mental block. I was blown away by the waves of pleasure that crashed through me, and my legs slammed together as my body stiffened in pure animalistic release. I let out a primal sound of pure bliss not giving a damn if the whole office building heard me at this point. I had never cum this hard before or had an orgasm that felt so fucking good.
My orgasm came crashing to an all too soon stop, as the feeling of the clamps being undone. It was enough that it broke me out my pleasure, destroying my chance of post orgasm bliss. 'Fuck had they noticed?' I worried. This would be hard to explain. The mask continue to tug and eventually came off and with it my earbuds popped out. It took me a second to adjust my eyes from the dark to the bright room. When I was finally able to open them, I was greeted by Paige's teasing smile. Looking around I noticed Green and Ian where gone.
"Where did they go?" I asked in an annoyed hazy voice.
"Oh, they left shortly after they started the automatic process to calibrate the system to grab stuff in case you were struggling." She said almost laughing.
My mind was wrecked again. "Wait, you teased me about being caught when no one was here as you used my body?"
"The suit used your body and yep. Good thing too with how much you ended up squirming. Did you enjoy it, being the one in the suit?"
"Paige, I think you made me realize I am an exhibitionist with no one actually watching."
Her smile brightened but before she could talk or tease again the door to the lab opened. Ian and Green entered caring some small juices and a blanket. They seemed a bit surprised to see me unmasked and a bit worn out looking.
Green came over and wrapped the blanket around me. "Are you alright Cora?" He asked genuine concern in his voice.
"Yea Professor, all good." I replied giving a tired half smile.
"The calibration actually finished very quickly Professor and was done shortly after you left." Paige added and explaining how she had so much control over my body.
Green nodded at her and looked back at me. "Well that it is good I hope it was not too torturous?"
Looking at Paige I responded. "Quite the opposite, Professor."