(This is the conclusion of a two part vacation interlude.)
The following day we played around, aimlessly searching the ship for entertainment of any sort. It was like an amusement park on a scale I'd never seen before. Our travels were few and far between so going on this cruise at all was a luxury. And so it was strange that the have nots had so intimately hooked up with the haves. That's a bit harsh since Evan had a really good job and we weren't hurting for money but I felt the disparity when I saw the kind of money our newfound cruise ship friends, Alistair and Alana, threw around.
Alistair was attracted to me immediately in the lounge. What put us on an even playing field was sex.
Our lifestyles meshed perfectly once our mutual desires were on display. Alistair wanted to fuck me and I wanted him to fuck me. His wife and I were both subs. He was also a voyeur and my husband was a voyeur. Six men wanted to fuck me and, to the delight of my husband, he made it happen. We may have been living an ocean apart and an income apart but we were perfectly in sync.
That evening the four of us dined together and quickly retired to their cabin once again where we shared our mates. Since the beds were close together I could watch my husband devour Alana while I spread my legs for Alistair. Up until now Alistair had been gentlemanly, even how he refereed the gangbang, but that night he let loose the beast he had kept at bay.
It wasn't that I didn't like it because I did. It just surprised me the way he choked and slapped me. It was ferocious and he kept asking me if I liked getting fucked like a whore.
Without a word, I could feel that he had finished in my pussy.
After that night we didn't hang with them again before landing in the Bahamas. Evan was mildly insulted but seeing them across the huge dining room with another couple confirmed to me that this was a pattern they liked repeating and there were plenty of other swingers aboard.
We eventually docked at a private Bahamian island for the cruise ship's passengers. From there we went to another island where our hotel was. We might have stayed with our cabin and saved money but Evan researched the hotel and, most important to him, there was a nude beach.
"We can lay back and relax and it will be fun watching the guys salivate over my ultra-arousing naked wife. Okay, okay, I know, one track mind but babe, think of the possibilities."
It wasn't a bad idea but then I might get lost in a sea of tanned beautiful women and I wanted all the attention I could get. Once we got settled in our room we got into our suits and headed for the beach. Once you got past the posted signs you could doff the duds and go commando, no tops, no bottoms. We brought along a bag of casual wear to change into so we wouldn't have to walk back to the hotel and instead could go straight to the restaurant.
There were changing/shower stalls lined up at the top of the beach, a wonderment considering it was a nude beach but helpful for washing off the sand. Other than the plumbing they were basically crude wooden boxes on foot high stilts, open enough at the bottom to tell if someone was in there. The other curiosity was there were no locks just flimsy wooden latches.
Looking around there were a lot of beautiful men and women to gaze at. Everyone was checking out everyone else so it didn't feel odd. Even in their flaccid state I saw several cocks that were fairly impressive and imagined them getting hard in my mouth.
On the other hand, tan or no tan, I had plenty of admirers. As usual I had my husband's play by play as to who was interested in having me. "The guy to your left keeps watching you. He would soooo like to fuck you." When I saw the stud he was talking about I was interested too. Handsome with long wavy blonde hair, well developed abs with a cloth draped over his cock. I made eye contact. Evan was right, he kept looking my way and eventually our eyes locked.
It was one of those times when expressions tell all. Likely he didn't make a move because of Evan's presence.
Neither Evan or I thought it wise to stay out in the sun for very long on the first day so after a sunscreen rub down we lasted about thirty minutes and went to shower off in the stalls. Evan went in the first stall and as I was going in the second one I saw my admirer briefly watch me before going in his own stall. The image of his cock hanging there, now partially erect without the cloth was burned into my retinas. He smiled and closed the door. It was like leaving his business card for me.
Later at the restaurant I told Evan about the stud sighting and he facetiously suggested we name my potential hookup. "In honor of our favorite hobby, how about BeachDogger?"
"Good," I said, "but I'll probably never see him again."
"Oh you'll see him again. He wants you real bad. He's just sizing up the situation."
"How about a nickname for you? How about StudFinder?" I quipped.
"Not bad funny girl. How about one for you? Wait, I got it...how about ConvenienceWhore? You know, open twenty-four hours?"
"Cute, real cute."
Conversation like this really emphasized how little else we were paying attention to in our lives. I suppose our relative youth was a driving force. Our sexual prowess would never get better as we aged so it seems fucking was all we cared about. We could get into gardening later.
"By the way," said Evan, "how was Gabriel the other night?"
"He was great. Why are you asking? You were at the gangbang."
"No, Chrissy, I'm talking about the 3am hookup."
"Ohhhhh. Sorry about that, I thought you were asleep."
"Don't be sorry. I gave you the option of going so there's no guilt. I was just wondering how it went. I sensed you really wanted to go but initially stopped yourself because of me. If we're going to really make this open marriage thing work we have to always be open and honest. If I didn't want you to go see him I would have told you. And you know I love the stories!"
"Right, well he was fantastic and fucked the shit out of me. He was so good I almost tipped him."
Laughing, Evan said, "That's my girl."
***
The next day we hit the beach again to work on our tans. I carried the clothing bag and Evan rented a beach umbrella from the hotel so we wouldn't fry.
Some of the women were stunning and in between scouting for me Evan was enjoying all the hotties surrounding us. "You know, this is pussy paradise," he said, "So why haven't we done this before?"
"You always say we don't have the money or the time."
"If I ever say anything like that again I want you to slap me. Look at these girls! Just for fun, which one do you think I like best?"
"Ahhh, the blonde over there?" I said pointing.
"Nope"
"Hmmmm, the brunette with the big tits?"
"Nope, although..."
"The curvy redhead over there?"
"Nope"
"I give up, which one?"
And he pointed at me.
"Ass kisser"
He started laughing and wrestling with me on the blanket. He stopped suddenly saying, "Well look who's back? Our old friend, BeachDogger."
As soon as I looked, Dogger turned to me and we connected again. Now I could see that it wasn't a casual glance. Making sure he had my complete attention he ran one finger from his lower lip down his body and down his covered cock. When he took the finger away his cloth covered bulge jumped.
I was in a trance and couldn't look away. I fantasized that he filled me up with that snake of his. I wondered how this could play out for real. I didn't even realize that Evan was studying my face. "You really want him don't you, baby?"
"Yes"
"Go up to the shower stall and turn the water on."
"What? I don't need to shower now."
"Do what I tell you," he said in a stern tone I seldom heard.
I got up and walked to a stall and turned the water on. After sitting in the heat it did feel refreshing and I zoned out, just letting the water cascade down my body. I was facing the shower head so I didn't hear him come through the door until he pulled me back to him. I was startled and to quiet any sound I might make he put his hand over my mouth.
I was afraid because I didn't know who it was but the warm body pressed against me was soothing not frenzied. Whoever it was wanted me to have a good time. Evan?
"It's okay, it's your neighbor," and then it all made sense.
Once he felt my body relax he removed his hand from my mouth and in a gentle voice, "Spread your feet apart." I reached back and took hold of his big erection, slowly jerking him. I guided his shaft into my now very wet slit and so began a slow rocking fuck. The soothing mixture of the water massaging my body and his thrusts put me on planet pleasure.
His hands reached up to cover and caress my tits. The water dripping off my erect nipples took the sensuality to another heavenly level. I was married but free to explore my sexuality in all its glory.
I looked back to connect with my newfound partner and over his shoulder was my husband watching through a 3 or 4 inch gap in the partially open stall door.
I closed my eyes. I stopped thinking. I stopped considering. I stopped doing anything but reveling in the sweet feel of having a stranger's cock enjoying me and I him. My wonderful, caring, perverted husband made it happen. It was highly unusual but in a way, about the most loving and selfless thing he could have ever done.
After Dogger had emptied his seed in me I squatted down in front of him and washed his cock off in the spray with my hand. While down there I couldn't resist putting him in my mouth and as I snacked on him it became engorged again.
He became stiffer and stiffer until he turned me towards the shower head once more and penetrated me. His fingers resumed their search of my curves. I came harder than the first time, almost making my knees buckle. He felt me lose control and held me up while he kept fucking me.
I steadied myself on the wooden wall with my hands and joyfully kept taking his pounding. I glanced back and Evan had gone and the door was closed. I looked up at Dogger and he was lost in my pussy, eyes closed and intense. He picked up speed until he let out a deep growl and deposited another fresh load on top of the first one.
I turned to him. He kissed me deeply and left the stall without a word.
I had his cum oozing out of my pussy so I squeezed as much out as possible before leaving the stall. I showered again and came back to our umbrella wearing my bikini bottom for safety sake. There was no masking what we'd just done. The entire beach could see our legs beneath the stall and Evan had a big grin on his face.
"You've just become the fantasy queen of the beach. I was watching their faces and they all want to be next."
"And what about you?"
"Funny thing about that. During your rendezvous I've had more girls flirting with me than ever. I'm not sure about the psychology of all this but I wouldn't turn down any offers."
"Thank you," I said.
"For what?"
"You know what."
Our relationship was going in a very surprising direction but something told me to be calm and let Evan be my guide. I felt I could trust him to fulfill my desires, my fantasies, my urges and without judgment. As long as our mutual needs were being met we would have a happy marriage.
***
Evan definitely did his research well. The area we were in, the hotel, the beach were all geared to adults only. The hotel guests were clearly looking for adventure and others to share it with.
Evan was on the massage table and I was waiting in the hotel lobby to get out and start the day. An older man approached me and immediately I thought he'd seen the beach episode the day before and wanted to make a reservation with me. It wasn't quite what I expected.
"Excuse me," he said, "my name is Richard. I hope I'm not offending you but I was on the beach with my wife yesterday and loosely followed what was going on."
"I'm so embarrassed..."
"Oh no!" he said, "I'm sorry. I'm so clumsy at this...no, first of all we loved the whole thing. It was very erotic and the way your husband (?) gestured to the other man...Rae, that's my wife, got so turned on we went back to the hotel and had great sex. But I'm getting off track. I thought you might be folks I could ask a certain favor of...Well we're on our honeymoon and..."
"Congratulations," I said.
"Thank you. I'm 63 and she's 23 and she has a lot of energy, way more energy than I do. Anyway, she's adorable and I couldn't resist marrying her but I can only satisfy her physically so much...Anyway, I've considered getting other partners for her and then we saw you two and wondered if you and your husband could help us out."
"You want us to have sex with your wife?"
"Well, not quite. But I'm getting ahead of myself. I want to invite you both to dinner. My treat. You and your husband...maybe we could talk about how to have a sharing marriage? I just want Rae to be happy."
"Well actually we haven't been doing this long ourselves so..."
Showing me her picture on his phone, "This is a nice shot of her."
"Holy crap!" just jumped out of me. "She's gorgeous. Okay, I'm making an executive decision here. Yes, yes, yes. When and where?"
We tentatively made the dinner date for 8pm the night before we left to go home with the opt out provision that Evan might decline. I had him text me her picture to peak his interest. When Richard had gone, Evan popped out of his message. "I feel great!!! Happy ending too!!"
Sweetening his morning I said, "You're about to feel even better. Look at this picture."
"Holy crap!" he exclaimed, "she's fucking gorgeous."
"Glad you like her because her newlywed husband, who watched our beach epic, asked if we'd go to dinner with them on Friday and talk about managing an open marriage. I said yes."
"But why? It's their honeymoon. They should be doing not talking."
"Because, he's got forty years on her and is trying to keep her young libido happy and needs instruction."
"Makes sense. I'm in."
For some reason his quick rationalization after seeing her picture and getting a free dinner made me laugh. "Oh, so now you're Florence Nightingale?"
"Poor girl. It's the least we can do for them."
***
We took the day off from the beach and instead had a fun time checking out the local businesses. I went crazy in the women's wear shops that were everywhere on the main drag. Evan found plenty of local beer to please his palate while I spent a fortune trying to be fashionable.
I turned a corner with too many bags in my hand and across the street was BeachDogger sitting on a bench facing me. Had he been following me? I awkwardly waved and he waved back.
The town knew its audience well as I hit another clothing store. Sifting through the endless racks with my head down I felt a hand firmly applied to my ass cheek. It was Dogger up close and personal. He silently smiled and passed me by and out the door.
It got the desired effect. My pussy perked right up and got me moist underneath my blue, light linen pants. For a stalker he was a remarkable tease. Playful, he obviously knew if he had me once he could have me again.
I walked out of the store looking around for my groping friend and found him nowhere so I went to find Evan who was in the same tavern I left him at before my clothing binge.
"Hey there, barfly. How's it going?"
"I'm having a great time drinking beer and doing absolutely nothing, and you?"
"Oh, a little shopping, a little visiting with a recent friend."
He pointed behind me, "You mean that friend?"
Across the room sat BeachDogger, arms folded, like he was waiting for a bus. He had followed me in.
With that Cheshire Cat smile of his, Evan asked me if I wanted "a little afternoon delight?" I looked back at my stalker and remembered how good his cock felt and turning back to Evan.
"You know you're enabling a sex addict, don't you?"
"There are much worse things to be. Do you want him?"
"Fuck yes."
"Then go to the woman's bathroom and lock yourself in one of the stalls. When he knocks, well, you know the rest."
As I walked down the hallway I looked back to see Evan going over to him and in a few minutes he knocked. I hurriedly pulled him in and latched the door. I turned and he already had his hard cock out. He yanked my pants down and leaned me over the toilet tank and plowed my pre-moistened cunt. Oh god, why did I crave this debauchery so much? I didn't care where we were, I was getting what I wanted.
To be down and dirty fucked.
I came almost immediately, my juices covering that monster of his.
"Don't cum in me, I don't have a change of clothes."
"Yes you do," he said, having watched my clothing expedition down Main Street. I was in the middle of a hormone convention and I'd forgotten.
"Fuck me harder, I'm cummming again," and just as his anaconda swelled and filled me with spunk, we heard the restroom door open...or did we hear it close behind someone?
I had white cum stains on my pants but, screw it, I didn't care. I just had a nasty bathroom fuck and loved it. I was losing all decorum.
I checked that it was safe for Dogger to leave the restroom and he made a quick exit. When I got back out to Evan he had the cat grin again.
"Your boyfriend must have had another appointment to make because he zipped out of here. Did you and he have a satisfactory romp?"
"Yes, quite," I said, giving him some attitude and straightening my hair.
"You've got some cum stains on your pants. Sort of a souvenir?"
"Okay, smart ass, let's get back to the hotel because I need to call Janey before dinner."
I hooked up with BeachDogger twice more before we left the island, the last one in our hotel room with Evan looking on and occasionally offering encouragement.
We parted ways never knowing his real name or much of anything about him. In the week I fucked him he used barely enough words to form a single sentence.
***
On our last night in the Bahamas we awoke late in the morning and Evan lamented having to go home and readjust to getting up at 6am and having to be a responsible adult.
"Vacations suck." he said getting grumpy.
"Why?" I asked already knowing why.
"They end."
***
Back at the hotel we packed everything but our clothes for the flight out the following morning. Instead of going back with the cruise ship we bought a little extra island time and decided to fly.
I called Janey and let her know what was up on our last night and how we were meeting Richard and Rae for dinner.
"Chrissy, I'm jealous. I wish I was there with you guys."
"Don't worry, I'll be home tomorrow and we can make some dogging trips to the park. How many times have you gone?"
"Randy took me twice but really wanted me alone in that room behind his shop. He's into some serious shit back there. After four times I have the whip marks to prove it."
"Four times?!?"
"Ya, Dave came with me twice and then I went twice without him."
"Girl!!! You be careful going there alone. Randy's a good fuck but he's also a big freak. If I get home and can't find you I'll assume he sold you into sexual slavery!"
She laughed but I was only half kidding.
"Well then we should go together," she said. "He told me he wants to fuck both of us again."
"We'll see about that when I get back. Until then, be careful you bad girl."
"Safety first!"
***
During the flight I daydreamed that Evan arranged to have the flight captain fuck me in the first class bathroom but, alas, nothing extraordinary happened and we just went...
home.