Disclaimer: A total fantasy, not based on any real people or events. In the real world, everyone should use protection.
----------
"Mmm..."
The alarm hadn't gone off yet but Kat felt the bed shift as her boyfriend sat up. She kept her eyes closed, clinging to the last few minutes before the alarm would blare, figuring that he needed to get up to pee. Instead though, she felt Peter's hand caress her thigh. He hesitated, glancing at her face, then moved further down the bed, pulling the sheet down with him. She shivered ever so slightly as the cool bedroom air swept across her breasts, her nipples stiffening on top of generous breasts. The sheet slid away from her body completely as Peter, now at the foot of the bed, gently parted her legs and lay down between them. Still, Kat kept her eyes closed, half wondering if she was still asleep and just enjoying a hot dream.
From between her legs, Peter looked up at his girlfriend's resting body. They both slept naked - it was summer, and besides, they had frequent sex, it didn't matter if they saw each other's bodies. He felt his mouth water slightly as he looked at the damp pink triangle between her legs, lightly shadowed by a manicured strip of dark curls. Beyond that, her toned stomach leading to ample breasts-were her nipples hard? He wondered if she was awake or if it was just a reaction to the air. He gazed further, taking in her full lips and long dark lashes-beautiful even without makeup, and a face topped by a mess of thick, dark hair that fell across her pillow. He inched further up the bed, sliding between her thighs and giving her pussy a long, slow lick. She inhaled sharply and opened her legs wider. He grinned for a moment-she was definitely awake. He licked again, sliding his tongue in a bit deeper with each pass. Once she was good and wet, he circled his tongue around her clit. This time she moaned, and he glanced up to meet her now-open blue eyes. She was smiling and she reached down, taking a handful of his blonde hair and pushing his face back to her pussy.
She took more control now, pressing against his face with urgency, grinding on his tongue. She didn't let go until her body started to tremble. "Oh fuck, oh fuck. Yes, right there, keep going!" She rode his mouth to a climax and collapsed back just as the alarm went off.
BEEP BEEP BEEP.
"Oh fuck," Kat laughed, weakly reaching over to shut it off. "Good morning baby." She took his hand, pulling him up the bed to give him a kiss. "You taste yummy...Or I guess, I do." They both laughed and Peter pressed a little closer, his hard cock nudging her leg like a hopeful puppy.
"Sorry babe, no time. I've got to get ready for the shoot. It's gonna be a long one today." She got out of bed, giving him one more kiss. "And don't try and sneak into the shower with me, I haven't got time."
He groaned, flopping back into bed as she hurried off to the bathroom, practically floating on air with the endorphins of her morning orgasm. Peter reached down, tugging half-heartedly at his cock, berating himself for his poor timing. Masturbating just didn't seem as fulfilling when he had a hot girlfriend in the other room, though his throbbing dick would probably disagree. He was just thinking about going through with the self-induced orgasm when Kat returned to the bedroom. She was wrapped in her robe, a towel around her hair, and was frantically texting.
"Babe! You know how you're always saying you wish you could come to work with me?"
It was true-he frequently said that. It was because Kat was a model. And not just any model, but one who worked for a lingerie and sex toy company. Their catalogues bordered on being straight up porn and he'd definitely gotten off to images of Kat's photoshoots more than once. Most of her assignments involved the lingerie side of things, but she'd deepthroated a high-priced dildo or two before for the sake of the photos. He didn't mind. She'd always been honest about her profession and she was open with him about what happened at every shoot. In fact, some of their best sex came from her describing what dirty toys she'd played with at work. Sometimes she even got to bring home a prototype for them to play with together.
"Uh yeah?" He sat up, cock still in hand, confused.
"One of the assistants isn't going to make it. Her car broke down or something. They're desperate for someone to come help today, I guess there are a lot of wardrobe changes or something?"
Peter started to smile. "Wait, are you saying you want me to come to work with you and spend the day helping you into lingerie?"
"Well not just me. You'd have to help all the models. Men and women."
He balked slightly at that. Kat was open to everything and they'd had threesomes with other women before, but he'd never quite been able to get over his aversion to bringing another man into the bedroom.
"Please baby?" While he'd been thinking, she'd dropped her robe and moved a little closer. "It's going to be a really fun shoot. And they'll pay you the full rate. And I would be really grateful." She kissed him deeply, giving his cock a few convincing tugs.
"Aahhh, I-" He faltered, words escaping him as her hand twisted around the head of his cock. "Yes!" He blurted out his agreement and she stepped back with a mischievous grin. "Good. Now hurry up and get dressed, we can't be late."
"It's like take-your-kid-to-work day," Peter joked as he parked the car outside the photography studio.
"Yeah, except there's no way I would ever take a kid to this job," Kat laughed. She put a hand on his arm before he could get out of the car. "You are going to behave, right? You have to do everything they ask you to do, I mean it. No matter how silly it might seem." She seemed genuinely concerned that he might refuse. "This is a big job, I don't want it to reflect badly on me if you make it hard for them."
Peter leaned over, giving her a reassuring kiss. "Anything for you, Kat."
"Not just for me," she insisted. "For anyone inside that building. If they ask you to get coffee or sit somewhere or help the guys with their wardrobe changes..."
"Kat, I promise. I can handle this," he insisted. He grinned. "It's all worth it to get to see my hot girlfriend at work."
She smiled and pushed open the car door, holding his hand as they walked into the building. She introduced him to the director of photography and then she was whisked away to get into makeup and wardrobe. The set was bigger than he'd expected, with multiple scenes set up so they could easily move from one fake room to another to get different backgrounds. There was photo equipment everywhere and he had to keep his eyes on the ground to keep from tripping over any wires.
Someone showed Peter the different wardrobe stations and some of the props they'd be using for the day. His eyes widened at the sight of so many toys laid out neatly on the table-vibrators, handcuffs, whips, other things he didn't even know the purpose of. He was just reaching out to touch a pair of fuzzy cuffs when Kat laughed from behind him.
"You look like a kid in a candy store."
He turned around and his jaw nearly dropped to the floor. Dressed in her first outfit, she was all but naked. Strappy ankle boots were laced up, her red toenails peeking out at the end. Above that, her smooth legs were bare until they reached the simple black thong. Wrapped around her with intricate care was a leather body harness, just straps that accentuated her hourglass figure and encircled her breasts. He felt all the blood in his body rush to his cock as he took in the steel rings that pressed around her nipples, bringing them to full attention in the harness, uncovered by any cloth.
"Holy shit, Kat."
His reaction just made her laugh. "They wanted to start with least clothing and move up to more later in the day, I guess." She was confident and comfortable in lingerie, not bothered by the small photography crew bustling around getting the rest of the shoot ready.
"Come on, we're getting started, they'll need you to help." She led him over to the first set, a simple scene with a massage table in the center and rich red drapes hanging around the walls. It looked luxurious-like a mansion's library turned into a sex dungeon. He stayed back behind the camera's view as Kat entered the shoot, realizing upon further observation that it wasn't quite a regular massage table. There was a hole in the center of it too, right where a guy's crotch might rest if he was lying on the table.
Before Peter could ponder that further, Kat's scene partner emerged from wardrobe. He was tall and far more muscular than Peter. That much was definitely obvious, since he was also almost entirely naked. There were some leather cuffs on his wrists and ankles, and a collar around his neck, but his cock was on full display. It was soft, but Peter could already guess that it was a big one even as it hung gently against his thigh.
Kat greeted her partner with a hug despite the fact that both of them were nearly nude. Peter watched as they got into position, the male model standing behind Kat and caressing her body. He felt a tinge of jealousy well up but reminded himself that this was all part of her job. Surely there were rules that would keep things professional, he told himself as the model pinched Kat's nipple and the cameras whirred into action.
They took photos for about fifteen minutes, changing positions and taking a few poses. They were risqué and a bit too handsy for Peter's liking, but they all looked pretty similar to what he'd seen in the catalogues before.
"Can I get an assistant to help Andy into his cock ring?" Ready to move onto the next part of the scene, the director pointed to Peter and waved him towards wardrobe. He hesitated, glancing at Kat, who gave him an urgent look that said he'd better obey directions. The words didn't really process in Peter's mind until he got to the small wardrobe area, basically a fitting room with a sheet pulled across the entrance.
The model, Andy, was standing in there already, looking bored and taking a sip of water. He picked up a leather thong and pulled it on, bringing his cock and balls through an opening in the front. Three thin leather straps hung down, ready to be wrapped around his cock and buckled. He looked expectantly at Peter, who hesitated. "You new here or something?" Andy rolled his eyes. "Kneel down, I'll show you what to do." He pushed Peter's shoulder and, figuring Andy would guide him through the intricate buckling process, Peter got on his knees.
Face to face with Andy's uncut cock, Peter couldn't help but stare for a moment. It looked even bigger up close and for a few seconds, he took in the detail. The velvety foreskin, wrinkly where it covered the head. And those balls...they'd been slightly hidden before but now the leather underwear pushed them forward on display. They were massive, hanging heavily between Andy's thick thighs.
Peter opened his mouth to ask what he was supposed to do next but before he could form words, Andy pushed his cock into his open mouth. Startled, Peter just sat there on his knees, a heavy, sweat-salty cock resting on his tongue. "Come on," Andy insisted, sounding even more annoyed. "I assume you've been a fluffer before or they wouldn't have hired you." Clearly Kat hadn't told her coworker that Peter was her boyfriend. Andy put a hand on the back of Peter's head, instructing, "Close your mouth and suck." Completely in shock, Peter did as he instructed, letting Andy's thick cock slide back and forth in his mouth. The sensation was strange, new, but after a moment the shock subsided and he got control of himself enough to pull away. "Woah!"
Andy looked down at his cock, shining with Peter's saliva and starting to plump up from the attention. "Yeah, it gets bigger," he bragged, assuming, correctly, that Peter was impressed. "Come on man, hurry up, we have a lot of work to get done today." Kat had said the same thing and the familiar words made Peter think of his promise that he would do everything he was told. Not wanting to get Kat in trouble, he hesitated, and then stuck out his tongue, giving Andy's cock a lick. "You don't have to make love to it," Andy mocked. "Just suck it." Peter swallowed hard, then opened up, taking the head in his mouth again. Andy thrust back and forth, all business, until his cock was satisfactorily hard. He pulled out of Peter's mouth with a plop and reached down, securing the leather straps and buckles. His cock stood proudly upright, fully displayed by the cock strap and thong. Smirking, he tapped Peter across the face with it and then left the wardrobe room, returning to the photo shoot.
Peter sat there, jaw sore and covered in his own drooling saliva, thinking about what had just happened. Had Kat known he'd be asked to be not just an assistant, but a full on fluffer? Was that what the assistants normally did? Andy had seemed to expect it. Shaking his head, Peter figured that if it was normal, no one would think twice about it, so he had no need to be embarrassed. He had just followed directions, like Kat had told him to. Wiping his mouth with a spare towel, he took a deep breath and returned to the photo set.
By the time he got back out there, they were in full photoshoot mode again. Andy was face down on the table, his cock sticking through the hole in the middle. Underneath, her lips just inches away from his leather-wrapped cock, Kat crouched in a wide-legged pose. On top of the table, a second female model posed with the leather whip. The models were clearly comfortable with each other, giggling as they moved through the scene and chatting casually even as they moved through a tableau of BDSM poses. Peter watched from afar, entranced by his girlfriend's leather-clad breasts. He was so busy staring at her nipples that he missed when she stretched up, planting a kiss on Andy's cock and flicking her tongue across the head as it pointed down at her through the table.
Caught off guard, Andy jerked slightly. His elbow twitched, catching the poor second model in the face as she leaned down to pick something up. She came up with a bloody nose and the photoshoot came to a screeching halt. While the crew checked on the other girl. Kat came over to Peter, wrapped in a robe this time.
"Oh God. I don't know what we're going to do. These next products really need a third person to display them," she worried. "There's no other models available."
Peter took her hand. "Kat, I...look, I don't know if I'm really cut out for this job. The assistant stuff. I've had fun watching you at work babe, but maybe I should-"
"You're right," she interrupted, suddenly excited. Leaning up, she gave him a big kiss. "You're so right baby!" He looked confused but before he could ask questions, she was waving her director over. "Nancy! It's okay if Lana has to go home! Peter can fill in. He's seen me model for so long, he'll get the hang of it. And our products are for men and women, right? So it doesn't matter if we have to change up the scene a little, right?" Both Peter and the director looked a little doubtful, but it was clear that the other model was going home whether they were done or not.
"He's too clean cut for this scene. We'll have to finish that another day," the director decided, looking at Peter's slim build and blonde hair. "But he would be good for the double scene. Go get him into wardrobe and makeup."
By the time the wardrobe and makeup crew were done with him, Peter was starting to feel a little more relaxed. Kat had reassured him that the next scene was much less BDSM, with toys geared more towards an average couple's sex life. "It's something we could take home and play with," she promised, giving him a kiss before going to have her lipstick touched up. Peter just had to wear some fancy brand of underwear-a dark blue pair of briefs that clung flatteringly to his ass and made his junk feel nice and supported in front. He was actually feeling kind of sexy, knowing that he was going to get to join Kat in a catalogue shoot.
Kat had changed outfits too, wearing a lacy teddy the same color as his briefs. It was sheer and he could see her nipples pressing against the fabric. To his surprise, Andy was there again too, wearing a matching pair of underwear. Peter's confidence faded for a moment but Kat beamed when she saw him. "Ooh! Look at my handsome man!" She gave him a big hug, sliding her hand down to squeeze his crotch. "Thank you so much baby, you're a real lifesaver today." She blew him a kiss and stepped back.
"Alright, let's get started," the director insisted now that they were all there. The scene around them had changed, no longer the luxury-drenched drapery. Instead it felt more like a normal bedroom. "This is supposed to be a neighbor-next-door fantasy," the director instructed. "Peter, you and Kat are the couple and your neighbor has come over to join you for some fun." Kat wrapped her arms around Peter, helping him pose and giving him encouraging whispers of advice. He relaxed, starting to enjoy himself as she put his hands all over her body for the camera.
"Right, and now the neighbor comes in." Andy entered and Kat moved away to lounge on the bed. To Peter's surprise, Andy walked right up to him, giving him a long, deep kiss and cupping his big hands around Peter's ass.
"That's good, that's good," the director insisted. "Andy, move your hand so we can see the logo." Obeying the instruction, Andy slid his hand down the back of Peter's underwear so that the logo was clear. He stuck his tongue in Peter's mouth, his finger simultaneously sliding down Peter's crack to finger his ass.
"Uh, I think that's enough!" Peter took a step back, eyes wide. Kat jumped up from the bed to rub his chest. "You're doing so great babe. Just keep going." She leaned in, whispering in his ear so only he could hear. "This is getting me so wet, I can't wait to go home and ride your cock."
That was really all the motivation he needed, what with his unfinished orgasm from this morning and the sight of her in all this lingerie. Peter swallowed his pride and nodded, stepping back into the scene. Andy was smirking and the director motioned the two men to the bed. "Kat, go get the toy. Gentlemen, I want some more action shots of this underwear." Andy took the lead, pushing Peter down on the bed and straddling him. He held Peter's wrists over his head and ground his pelvis into Peter's. "It looks better if your cock is hard," he advised, as if he was doing Peter a favor.
When they finished that set of photos, Peter stood up beside the bed. He was definitely hard now, his underwear feeling a little tight rather than the comfortable snug fit from before. He looked around for Kat, his jaw falling open yet again as he saw her standing there with a long thick double-sided dildo. She approached, holding it for the camera to see, and gave Peter a long, sultry kiss. Andy came up behind him, pressing against his back and joining Kat in stroking the obscene piece of silicone. Kat released Peter from her kiss and leaned over his shoulder, lips meeting Andy's instead this time. Caught between the kissing models, Peter felt Andy pulling his underwear down. He started to reach for it but Kat made a slight disapproving noise and caught his hand. She placed his hand on her breast, relaxing him with the familiar touch.
"Alright guys, go ahead and lube up," the director called, breaking the kiss and startling Peter. "Lube up?" He looked at Kat uncertainly and she smiled as she held up the dildo.
"I think you're definitely going to want some lube for this," she laughed.
"Wait, hold on, Kat, that thing is not going inside of me. I thought you said this would be something we could do together." She pouted when he resisted. "It is. Babe, we've done ass play before. This will be so hot. You and Andy on either end of this? With me watching?" She hesitated, glancing around before taking his hand and rubbing it across the crotch of her lingerie. She was soaking through the lace and he groaned slightly as he felt the moisture.
"I...I don't know." He stumbled over his words again as she rubbed his cock. They'd tried all sorts of things in the bedroom but this blatant exhibitionism and toy play was a whole new level. It confused the hell out of him but he couldn't deny that he liked it too.
"Don't think," she encouraged. "Just trust me." Andy returned with a bottle of lube and together, he and Kat pushed Peter back over to the bed. She showed off the lube bottle for the camera and made a big deal of spreading Peter's legs. "Try not to look so scared, babe. They're taking photos." She leaned down, giving his cock a quick lick to reassure him before she squirted the lube on his ass. Beside her, Andy lubed himself up, stroking his cock and sliding his fingers in and out of his ass with ease.
Peter tried not to clench as Kat slid her fingers in, one by one. "Yes baby, that's it," she purred, rubbing his chest with her other hand. Finally, she held up the dildo again. "I think you boys are ready."
Andy lay down on the bed, his legs spread wide, and Kat guided Peter into position. They both lay on their backs, legs sort of wrapped around each other and hips supported by pillows. She started with Andy, feeding one end of the dildo into his waiting asshole while the cameras clicked and whirred. Peter watched with a mix of fascination and concern as Andy's ass easily took in the first few inches of the thick fake cock.
"Your turn baby," Kat panted, clearly turned on by the sight. Peter no longer wondered why she came home from work so horny, so often. "Be gentle," he said weakly, his head dropping back against the pillows as she pressed the rubber against his ass. They'd played with some thin wands and vibrators before but this was bigger than anything he'd put inside his ass.
He felt some pressure and then the head of the dildo slid in. "Oh fuck yes," Kat moaned, pausing and playing up her reaction for the photographer. "That's so fucking sexy babe." She let him get used to the girth, reaching down to stroke his cock, which had wilted slightly with the lack of attention. She brought it back to life with some skilled hand work and he felt Andy pressing closer, pushing the dildo deeper into both of them.
Grunting slightly, Peter felt the thing slide in further. Inch by inch, he tried to give reactions for the camera while Kat urged him on. Finally, he and Andy were nearly ass to ass. He wondered how they could possibly be showing off the toy when it was buried inside both of them. Before he could think much more, Andy was pulling away again, starting a slow rhythm that Peter instinctually matched. They moved back and forth in tandem while Kat stroked both their cocks, a steady mix of moaning and grunting from the threesome.
"I'm gonna-Kat, I'm getting close," Peter moaned, eyes closed in ecstasy.
"Hold on baby, just a little longer."
He felt Andy pull away and the dildo slid out of his ass. "Fuck," he groaned, suddenly missing the delicious pressure against his prostate. He lay there, eyes still closed and legs spread wide, feeling Andy move into some other pose for the camera. Then he felt something at his ass again. It wasn't until Andy's balls slapped against his body that he realized the cock in his ass was no longer a fake one.
The realization made his eyes fly open in surprise and just as he took in Andy fucking him, Kat reached down and gave his cock a few more hard tugs. The combination overwhelmed him and Peter fell back in a body-shaking orgasm, his cock spraying pent-up cum in a geyser across his body, and Andy's and Kat's.
The camera crew applauded as the director praised them. "Really great work! That was a great finish, what an inspired idea, Andy! That'll be so hot for the catalogue when we piece it all together! Great work everyone, let's call that a day."
Andy remained where he was, his thick, hard cock buried in Peter's ass. Kat kissed Andy as he slowly thrust in and out of an exhausted Peter. After another few minutes, he pulled out, cumming across Peter's chest with a smug look. He and Kat exchanged goodbyes before he headed off to the wardrobe area to change back into his street clothes.
"Oh fuck babe that was so hot," Kat praised, sliding her fingers across Peter's sticky chest and taking a taste of their mixed cum. All around them, the camera crew was working on packing up, ignoring them as if this was totally usual for the end of a shoot.
Peter sat up, still shaking slightly from the strength of his orgasm. Kat swirled her fingers around in the cum again and slid them into his mouth before kissing him, tasting it on his tongue.
"Let's get you cleaned up, hm?" She smiled, getting off the bed and offering him her hand. "I told Andy he should come over for dinner tonight. There are a few more toys we didn't get to play with."