Colombia is known for its coffee, its poppy fields, and its share of the sexiest women on Earth. Esperanza Blanco and her naïve young daughter Maria are sure to wake you up and call you Poppy. America the beautiful just got two of the hottest.
*
( Note- I would like to express my thanks to my buddy INDY for his editing assist. A shout out to my other hero Sanchez for his backup assist. You're both invaluable Guys. Thanks much! )
_________________________________________________________________
Like a fairy tale come true in the form of a dream was the precise impression of young Maria Blanco. Sitting in a stretch limo peering out the windows with excitably innocent eyes alongside her mother Esperanza, the women were lost to the miracle of a new life. Fresh from the airport the two beauties had flown in from Cartagena, Colombia in the private jet of Billionaire oilman Oscar Longhorn Barnett, known as Longhorn for two things, he raised cattle on the side and he had a huge dick. Something that Esperanza adored about her new husband.
Coming to America was a terrifying adjustment for both women. Esperanza being a model in Colombia was finding it much easier because of the social circles she had been exposed to. With her beauty, brains, and perfect body the woman knew how to reel in the big fish. Money was good in Colombia for her at least, allowing her to raise her equally stunning daughter with the finer things life had to offer her. At barely 18 as of three days prior to their relocation Maria was a bit more stressed about her future. The Texas terrain was far more imposing than the seaside and adjoining jungles. That and she was still coping with only knowing Oscar for two weeks. He had been the only man she had ever been allowed to be around. Kept from her own Father because of his crooked path Esperanza played it too safe, isolation with only her Nanny Conchita to keep the girl schooled at home. Meeting Oscar the day he married her Mother and got them immigration things moved at a blinding rate of speed. It was time Maria saw the world for what it was.
Still the estate of Oscar Barnett was sprawling. Never had she seen such a magnificent house out in the middle of nowhere. It was like an oasis in a maddening desert. This was her new home? She missed Colombia.
"Is it not beautiful Maria?"
"Yes. The desert not so much." She spoke without even looking at her Mother, nor Oscar across from her. Oscar while quite handsome was much older than 35 year old Esperanza. At 52 he was already half way through life, yet fit and rugged. What bothered Maria was the fact that Oscar although seeming to care and was quite generous had roving eyes. She often caught him looking at her legs or her chest. Like her Mother she was blessed with golden flesh and very pleasing legs. Fashion being forced upon Maria at a young age meant every asset was expressed to appeal. This involved short skirts to accentuate toned legs all the way up to her thighs. Her cleavage boosted by a good bra made Maria uncomfortable but she always listened to her Mother. As a model Esperanza's motto was more jiggle more wiggle. Maria could care less about impressing anyone. Least of all a man. Truth be told she had zero experience in even socializing with a male. Shyness was a dominant gene, although she made an effort to be more outspoken.
"You get used to it Darlin'." Oscar reached over and patted Maria's knee followed by a brisk rub then sat back to put his arm around Esperanza. The slightest touch to her kneecap made Maria edgy. Having no real boyfriend ever due to her Mom's strict raising she was not used to being touched. Uncertain what to make of Oscar sometimes, she just smiled and looked out the window. "Couple months from now and you won't wanna live anywhere else."
As their driver reached the circle drive with an elaborate fountain of a cowboy pissing within its confines Esperanza laughed, "You have a man peeing in your fountain."
"Sure do." Oscar chuckled, "That was me at 25. Right after I built this here paradise. See the resemblance?"
"You modelled for the statue?" Esperanza blushed, "Yes. I...see the resemblance." A wink to her husband without indulging the information to her daughter that she would recognize that masterful cock anywhere. "He is quite endowed."
"Why would you put a statue of yourself like that out for people to see?" Maria winced.
"It is art Dear."
"If you say so. You should at least have hung a cowboy hat on it."
"I might just do that if it bothers you that badly, Miss Maria."
"Just Maria."
"It does not bother her. She will get used to it. You are the man of the hacienda. I will not allow you to cover that up."
"You're the boss Filly."
"I am not the boss. I am your wife and I will take pride in all things that is a part of my man."
"I can tell you're gonna make me a happy Cowpoke." Was it weird that Oscar said that while looking at Maria? She thought so. "Well now. Looks like we have us a full house. All five of my sons are here as a welcoming committee to meet their new Momma and little sister. Good timing on their part. You're gonna love my boys."
"Yes. I will love them as if they were my own." Esperanza grinned sheepishly.
"They can be a rough and tumble bunch. Couple of 'em are a lil' rough around the edges, nasty habits if ya know what I mean. Like their ole' man they're tall and broad. We Barnett's defy the term small fry. Not one of my boys are under 6'3. You filly's are gonna feel a tad intimidated I'm suspectin'. Especially you Maria."
"I cannot help that I am short."
"Short and sweet. You'll fit right in. What are ya 5 foot even?"
"Yes."
"The boys might just pick you up and carry you around for kicks."
"Why?"
"They like teasing."
"I will be quite embarrassed." Maria rolls her eyes, "I am too shy for that kind of thing."
"I might not have a beach in my backyard but I got myself a swimming pool the size of a city block. Once ya'll get settled in go for a swim and relax."
"When do we leave for our honeymoon?"
"Tomorrow. We just need to get Maria cozy in her new environment before we head for Fiji."
"I'm being left alone out here?" Maria bulged her eyes.
"I'll ask the boys to stay awhile and help ya get adjusted. Butler on site too. Anything you need my personal assistant Byerly will get it for you. The butler can call him."
Coming to a halt the driver leaves his front seat and opens the door for the new Barnett's. Exiting first Oscar claims Esperanza's hand like a gentleman, followed by a secondary assist for Maria. She knew that Oscar had lowered his gaze as her legs parted to sweep toward the ground in getting out. Met by the butler his inspection dwindled quickly in favour of acting proper. It was a good thing Maria wore panties, her short skirt hid very little, each tiny exposure making her blush heavily. While spunky for brief moments Maria was pretty shy in an interesting contrast. In favor of not upsetting her Mother she always kept the things that she noticed to herself. It was harmless as long as Oscar never went any further than being a snoopy perv. Not that she technically knew what a perv was.
"Afternoon Highbone." Oscar patted his elderly butler on the shoulder as he assisted the driver in removing their luggage.
"His name is Highbone?" Maria puzzled over such an odd name.
"Yes young Miss. My last name, you may call me Nigel."
"Hi Nigel." She pepped up at making his acquaintance. "Are you British?"
"I am yes. Born in Yorkshire."
"Like the pudding?"
"Indeed." He smiled warmly before noting Oscar's scowl at being overly friendly. Highbone swiftly backed off without even shaking her hand. Esperanza was far too busy being giddy at the size of their new residence, literally dancing in circles. Oscar joining her to point out features in the architecture left Maria alone with Highbone just long enough to hear him whisper, "Welcome to the ranch Young Miss."
"I'm Maria."
"Lovely Maria it is a pleasure. Help an old man with a bag?"
"Yes. I don't like it here already. It feels...creepy."
"It has its moments. Please follow me I will show you to your room." Walking slowly she knew it would be awhile before seeing that bedroom. The old man had a very slow stride. Leaving some of their luggage on the sidewalk they enter the home to divulge in it's magnificent grandeur. Winding staircases, crystal chandeliers, paintings on every wall, even busts of long dead relatives adorned the interior on antique wooden stands. Jaw dropping at the designs it was for the Blanco's, well, just one Blanco now that Esperanza was a Barnett, remarkable.
Shocked to find a small elevator just for Highbone with room for one other Maria rode up with him. In the short ride up she hugged his arm feeling it was the right thing to do, having been raised to respect her elders. She knew she had at least one friend here in Ranchero Nightmaro as she thought of the place. She hoped for a quick adjustment to the neighbourhood but so far it was just not feeling right. Smart girl.
While Highbone showed Maria the upstairs Oscar took Esperanza throughout the main level to show off his decades of collecting antiques. In a study they found one of Oscar's sons sitting at a desk working away on his computer. The man was tall, lanky accept in the shoulders, well groomed and wore glasses.
"Matthew, good to see you son. Allow me to introduce you to my new wife Esperanza." Caught by surprise Matthew stood and wiped his hands on his pants before venturing around the large oak desk to greet her. Like his father Matthew had a roving eye, cleavage before eyes. Breaking his trance he smiled with a strange expression.
"Why do you always go and get hitched without warning any of us?"
"Parental privileges son. Isn't she a beauty?" He was proud of his catch.
"Gorgeous. Hot even, if you don't mind my saying." He shook her hand gently as Esperanza flared her eyes at his compliment. Oscar overlooked his boys flirtatious swagger. He knew it was true and always told his boys to speak their minds. Matthew was probably the most respectful of his five sons.
"Not at all. I love compliments. More, more..." She giggled.
"You're asking for it Esperanza." Oscar chuckled, "My boys were certainly not raised to be shy. Go ahead son let her have it." Given permission Matthew gallantly circled her forming an opinion that went unheard until he returned to face her. Her eyes were like glistening saucers.
"Natural 38C. 125 pounds. Perfect skin. 5 foot 6. No tattoos. One child?"
"You are very observant. Yes to all of those. Oscar you will make me blush."
"Not me Darlin'. That's on my boy there. He's the smart one of my flock, always on the mark."
"Should I go on?" Matthew was being polite.
"What more could you possibly tell about me?"
"Areolas the size of silver dollars, tight and always inspired to shine. You wax your legs, presumably your pubic hair. The way you stand is proper but you truly want to be out of those heels as well as that snug dress and into something much more comfortable."
"Wouldn't you?" She laughs and literally removes her heels dropping her 5'9 stature to her 5'6 reality. "May I ask why you seem to be sizing up my attributes?"
"Because this family has nothin' to hide Esperanza." Oscar patted Matthew on the back, 'Keep going boy." She found it rather amusing.
"Pierced clitoris?"
"How could you possibly know that?" She dropped her jaw and looked down at her body. Glaring at Oscar she presumed that he had bragged about her jewellery. A lift of his palms told her differently. She accepted the answer with disbelief in how anyone could be so on target.
"It's all in poise. The piercing is so sensitive when you walk, that your body doesn't realize certain movements that aren't normal. I'm sure my Father loves that trinket."
"I surely do." Oscar chuckled. "Now tell her what you really think."
"She's really turned on right now. You might want to take her upstairs and make love to her while she's hot and heavy."
"Sounds like a plan. Shall we Mrs. Barnett?" Esperanza could not stop smiling, this was just so unexpected. All she could mutter is, "How?" More than once. Oscar left the true answer to his son's gift for a later reveal, the mood was set and he didn't want to waste it.
Upstairs Highbone showed Maria her massive bedroom with all the perks. Big screen TV, king size bed, stuffed animals, giraffes her favourite. Her Mother must have told Oscar so that he could purchase them before her arrival. She even had a balcony with two doors which overlooked the pool below and the distant hills. Across the pool was more of the home with another balcony just like hers. When opened a rush of air cascaded her body and Maria rejoiced at the exhale. Stepping to the balcony rail she looks down at the pool and discovers something that made her eyes bulge. Embarrassed beyond measure Maria rushed back into her room to speak to Highbone, "There is a naked man laying by the pool."
"That would be Master Wiley. I am afraid he is quite as they say free of spirit."
"I may never leave my room. That was...frightening." She meant the humongous size of Wiley Barnett's cock settling free in the sun tanning. Nibbling a nail she waited until Highbone showed her a closet to look back over her shoulder with a thin smile. She sort of wanted to step outside and see him again. He was muscular and handsome with his stubble beard. Men were...a curiosity. Instead, she chose not to appear too interested.
"Your ladies room Young Miss. Complete with shower and hot tub."
"I have my own jacuzzi? Now I know I will never leave my room. Do we have a massage therapist?"
"We do not. I am quite certain Master Owen would offer his services. He is as they say a Health nut, he is a personal trainer in Dallas."
"My...new brothers?" She found the term curious and exciting but almost terrifying. She had always been the loner. Not only that, but any masseuse that had ever massaged her was female. She had no idea what a man's touch was like.
"Indeed. I will bring the rest of your bags up shortly." He turns to leave then discovers a visitor. Standing in the doorway was yet another son, this man tall, chiselled with a shaved head, a thick goatee on his chin.
"I beat you to it old man. Thank me with a Turkey Club in about thirty minutes." In he walked carrying her final two bags, she could tell one bag had been opened, her panties were sticking out of the seal. Noting Maria's blush he shrugged with a smirk. "Dropped it and the bag popped open. Nice batch of G-strings." She could not even reply what troubled her about that compliment. "Save the intro Highbone, you must be Maria. I'm Tyson. My daddy sent me a text telling me I had a new baby sister. He said you were cute as a button."
"He did?" Maria managed as Highbone took his leave, she got chills being alone with the studly Tyson Barnett. Watching him sit her bags on her bedding and stretch made her tremble, he wore only a wife beater and cargo pants.
"Yes he did. It was something him springing your Momma on us short notice. Welcome to the family Hot stuff."
"Hot stuff?" She wanted to giggle but held her breath.
"Well yeah, you are pretty hot. Speaking of hot let's shut these balcony doors and keep the air conditioning inside the home." He starts to close them when he hears gunshots in the distance prompting him to step out and chuckle, "Sounds like Jacob got a hog. He's the wilderness brother. Wears camouflage boxers if you can believe that." Tyson then looks down at the pool and spots his brother Wiley and raises his voice to get his attention, "Put some trunks on Wiley. We got company." Maria let her curiosity lead toward looking down at Wiley once more to see him cast a fuck you finger toward Tyson. Seeing Maria, Wiley just gripped his dick and stroked it. She found herself wheezing until Tyson used his hands to cover her eyes. She laughed at his overprotective nature. "You shouldn't be encouraging ole' Wiley he'll be beating off on your doorstep. Sick mother my brother."
"I've never seen..." She bit her lip. He knew she meant a big dick sensing the word before.
"I'll beat some respect into him. You go unpack and I'll meet you downstairs. You need anything you just come knocking' my room is right next to yours." She lets him lead her inside blindfolded by his palms until he could shut the doors to the balcony. She had to laugh.
"Does he do that every day? What if I wanted to go swimming?"
"None of us live here full time. We just come out here a couple times a week to unwind. I run Dad's cattle branch. Wiley there is the youngest of us boys, he's the slacker of the bunch. He's out here more than any of us. If you have any problems with Streaky you just get in touch with me. You can get our numbers from High bone."
"Problems? Why would he...oh!" She realized that he was a nudist. Tyson could tell she was a curious one. Wait until Matthew sized her up he thought.
"Yup! That be the problem. The boy can't keep his clothes on."
"Why doesn't Oscar tell him to?"
"You don't know our daddy yet. He thrives on us being what we want to be. He won't put his boot down on Wiley because he loves us."
"I...feel lost here."
"Need a hug?" He chuckles offering open arms with a playful swagger.
"No. Being the only girl is scary."
"BOO!" He winks, "See you downstairs. Hey? Dress casual, none of that sexy dress crap."
"I like my dress."
"So do I, just trying to make you more comfortable."
"That might never happen. Especially with my Mother and Oscar leaving for Fiji soon."
"Oh, we're going to babysit you Little girl.' He razzes her then shuts the door. She felt an upset tummy coming on. A shower and change of clothing was just what she needed. A cold shower because she dared to go back out on that balcony to spy on Wiley. He caught her looking and just jerked off until he unloaded all over his legs. She blushed but refused to stop watching. A thumbs up toward her sent her running for the shower without saying a thing.
"Oh my gosh! I can't believe I just watched a naked man...do that."
An hour later she stepped from her room in a red dress, her long wavy hair pinned back into a ponytail. Hearing a loud, "YEEEEEEEEEEHAWWWWWWWWWWW!" She realized it was Oscar and followed the call to what she presumed was the Master bedroom. Hearing her Mother screaming made Maria tense up, worried she might be hurt. Sprinting to the bedroom door she quietly turned the knob to witness more than she bargained for. Her mother was riding Oscar cowboy style facing her, so into her performance Esperanza hadn't even noticed Maria peeking in. Sure enough Oscar lived up to his nickname of Longhorn. Her Mother could not even fuck the entirety of his penis. Embarrassed by her nosey nature Maria shut the door quietly and turned to leave.
Behind her came a cleared throat. Freezing in step she slowly turned to face a third son. Wearing sweatpants and no shirt she checked out his physique. Pointing at him she asked, "Owen?"
"That's me. Hi Maria. Tyson told me you were beautiful but wow..." a strange point between she and his father's door he added, "Do you always spy on your Mom having sex?"
"Never. That was by accident. I heard her scream and thought she was hurt. Trust me I am embarrassed."
"Only thing red I see is that tight dress. Nice curves Sis."
"You think I have...?"
"Highbone mentioned you asked about a masseuse. If you need my help just ask."
"That might upset my mom. Now that we are brother and sister."
"She's going toooo Figiiiii." He chuckled lightly tempting her.
"I think I need to get used to everyone first. I've already seen Wiley..." She blushes and turns away fanning her face.
"We're not all as bold as Wiley. That's fine if you don't want those curves worked over. You're new to the family so I understand."
"It does sound...relaxing. My mother and I got massages twice a week in Colombia. I will think about it. Tyson said you guys were babysitting me while Mom and Oscar go on their honeymoon."
"You don't need any babysitter." He rolls his eyes, "Dad just asked us to keep you company while they're gone for a month. When you're as rich as we are, we can take time off from our careers anytime we want. Not all of us will be here at once though."
"I have Highbone."
"Lowbone. That old fart hasn't had it up in thirty years."
"I don't even want to picture that. Ewww! He's really nice. Why are we talking of such things?"
"Can't disagree with that. The old boy has been with our family since before three of us were born. We tried to get him to retire but he keeps saying this is his retirement home. I guess that has a ring of truth to it, he does live in the guest house. Dad's cool with getting his butler a butler."
"Funny."
"Let me grab a shirt and I'll go downstairs with you. Love that dress by the way."
"It is tight."
"You look tight."
"Excuse me?" She lowered her jaw.
"Your muscles." A wink led him away. She couldn't resist watching his own tight muscles dance away. For a virgin Maria was finding her brothers appealing. Even if they were almost twice her age. Although scary the month away from her Mother and Oscar could prove interesting if she could get past her shyness. Returning swiftly wearing a Texas Tech sports jersey Owen leads the way down the winding staircase. Half way down the steps Matthew was found pacing with his cell to his ear. Noticing Maria he paused in speaking until she arrived.
"5 foot even. 82 pounds. 34C. Virgin correct?"
"Come on Matthew don't humiliate the kid on her first day here." Owen shook his head sneering. Matthew merely grinned and whispered, "Hey Maria. Sorry it's just my job. I'm an FBI Profiler. You could probably get away without wearing a bra, your tits are perfect."
Her eyes bulge but she found it hard not to smile. She was not used to being the center of attention. That was normally her Mother. Owen slugged his brother in the bicep making him wince.
"Don't mind Matty he just says the first thing that comes to mind."
"I...do not mind."
"Uh huh! Can't get any more red Sis."
"Her underwear is red. She likes everything matching. Am I wrong?"
"No." She giggles, "I'm wearing a red G-string. Tell me something about myself that nobody knows."
"You like watching guys jerk off."
"Wiley told you didn't he?" She laughs hiding her face in her hands.
"Yeah. Nothing to be ashamed of." Matthew smirks.
"I'm not...maybe a little."
"We won't tell Esperanza."
"Thank you. She would yell at me. She still thinks of me as 15. I have...not been around men. Please forgive me if I shy away on occasion."
"18 a week ago right?"
"Yes. Oscar took me shopping for clothing and jewellery. He spoiled Mother and I."
"That's Oscar. Always wanting his girls looking their hottest." Matthew chuckled.
"I am not his girl. He just did it to make me respect him for marrying my Mom."
"Sure." Matthew chuckled as Owen hit him again, "I need to finish my call to the Bureau." Matthew took his leave.
"What did he mean?"
"Nothing! Matty's just weird. Guided tour of the house?"
"Okay." She followed Owen through the kitchen, family rooms, indoor gym and basketball court, sauna, massive library. Even a trophy room belonging to dozens of taxidermized animals. She wasn't thrilled about the death in the home. Regardless, the journey led to more specifics such as a wine cellar, and the laundry room. Finally, outdoors offered up a closer inspection of the pool and a tennis court. There was even a guest house out back for Highbone. Hearing dogs barking in the distance made Maria look almost frightened, her snapped glare at Owen gave him a clue.
"My brother's hunting dogs. He's got four Pointers. You don't like dogs?"
"They shed. Mother would not let me have a pet."
"They're harmless. Might lick ya to death is all."
"I would not like that. They are not allowed in our home I hope."
"Nope, only in the kennels. Jacob should be coming back here soon. He shot a wild boar earlier and posted it on Disgracebook. He takes any kills to a butcher that lives out in the hills and shares the meat with those less fortunate."
"I am a vegan."
"Lettuce pray." He laughs.
"You are Catholic like my Mother and I?"
"Not really sure what we are. Dad never made us attend church."
"What of your Mother?"
"Well, my Mother spent more time having affairs on Dad than mothering me. I'm pretty sure she called out Oh God a few million times."
"I am sorry. You all have different mothers?"
"Yeah, well Wiley and Tyson had the same mom. Longest marriage my dad had was Judith. She passed away a few years back from cervical cancer. Matty's mom lives in Cali she got remarried to a Naval Officer. Jacob's the eldest his mom just up and ran off leaving him with dad."
"This is very tragic."
"Yeah I guess it is. We get along pretty well without them. Let's hope Esperanza is the last of the bunch. I haven't met her yet but she sounds loud." He chuckles.
"She is quite noisy in bed, well, alone. She never brought men to our home. Thankfully most of her dates were spent in hotel rooms."
"Ah, the personal touch. What about your Father? Where is he?"
"I never knew my father. I was a pleasant accident Mother says."
"That's too bad. Well, you have a Dad now even if he's not the real deal."
"I am only here until I get my citizenship. Now that I am 18 I wish to see the world."
"You need money for that. Might wanna stick it out a bit here where the trips are free."
"For awhile. Mainly for my Mother."
"Understood. Dinner should be getting near. I'm gonna head back upstairs and change into something less workout. I'm guessing Dad's pooped out by now so the lucky couple should be coming down shortly. Take a walk I'll see you at supper."
"Thank you for my tour."
"Anytime Beautiful."
"You are quite handsome as well. You all are. Those I have met...seen. You know what I mean."
"Still got that image of Wiley's dick in that pretty noggin don't you?" He had to laugh.
"I had not seen one before. Why am I admitting this to my new brother about his brother?"
"Not thinking bad of ya, Maria. Listen...not trying to spook you...but our daddy raised us to be open and do what makes us feel liberated. Don't be surprised if Wiley's not the only one you see on occasion."
"I will have dinner in my room." She giggles then hisses through clenched teeth, "I will forever be embarrassed."
"I guess all I can say about it is you're a part of the family now. Join the freedom march."
"I could not."
"Sure you could. It just takes doing it enough times to realize nobody is worried about what you do. I'm pretty darn sure even your Mother will join dad on a few scantily clad romps."
"She is open, I was raised to take great pride in my body."
"Looks to me like you're doing a good job at that." He winks and looks her over from head to toe. She turns beet red at his inspection.
"You must not look at me so."
"Why not? You telling me you're not looking at us hunks?"
"No...a little." She snickers almost a sigh, "I will repent in my room this night."
"Alright then. I'm gonna go change." Owen leaves her by the pool alone, shivering at her new environment, it wasn't just the home, nor the country. It was the brothers. The sexual tension was lingering. Considering she didn't understand her sensations as well as she should she shrugged it off.
"I could not possibly be left here alone with..." Although trembling she peers over her shoulder with a frightened thought. Not of fear but of the possibilities being proposed. Everything was new to her. The excitement was building in ways that even she did not understand. "I have five very handsome brothers. At least I presume the fifth is equally as dashing." Hearing the sounds of a gate her confirmation was correct. In stepped the biggest brother yet. Jacob Barnett stood 6'6, 300 pounds of muscle wearing camo from head to toe. A ballcap worn backwards atop his head and dark sunglasses made him look very striking. Catching her in the corner of his eye he stopped cold in his tracks and rubbed his chin. She froze save for a casual flutter of her fingers in the form of a hello.
Without a word Jacob lumbered closer and walked directly up to her, peering down with a scowl. "You the baby sister?" All she could do was look up at his growl with eyes refusing to blink. A few moments of staring at her he adds, "You look like the doe I had in my crosshairs last week. Same beautiful eyes. Nice dress." He glares right down at her cleavage.
"You are Jack up? I mean Jacob?" Her thoughts were of Wiley's dick briefly rattling her thoughts under pressure.
"I heard about Wiley. Mine is bigger." He moved away from her and headed inside the house before stopping to glare back at Maria, "Everything is in Texas. Our family started that motto. Welcome to hell Baby Sister." He left her shaking like a leaf.
"Bigger? Oh my God." Flustered she paces in a circle shaking her nerves off. Controlling them finally, she makes her way into the house. Smelling cooked meat she grew nauseous. Locating the dining room amidst the massiveness of Longhorn Manor she discovered Wiley, and Matthew already seated to be served. At least Wiley was clothed this time wearing a checkered cowboy shirt and blue jeans.
"Take a seat little sister." Wiley scooted back standing until she sat down. She was shocked by his gentlemanly attitude suddenly. Matthew not so much, he was still jabbering over his cell's Bluetooth attached to his ear this time. It was obvious that Matthew was dedicated to his career. Tyson showed up a few minutes later and sat opposite Maria.
"Doing okay Maria?" Tyson offered concern.
"Yes." She smiled then leered sheepishly toward Wiley. Shrugging the youngest chuckled, "I wore pants, get your mind out of my gutter."
"We need to give Maria here some breathing room Wiley Coyote. She's having troubles adjusting to the U.S. of A."
"Mostly the US in U. S." Matthew interrupted between conversations.
"I am trying." She softly speaks, her hands in her lap trying to remain calm.
"We only bite when we're hungry." Wiley joked, "Me? I'm starving." He leans over rubs her shoulder briskly, his fingers drawing her micro thin dress strap down over her left shoulder. She was so nervous that she hadn't really missed its support, her dress was tight so the strap was albeit useless anyway.
"Does Highbone know that I am vegan?"
"I warned him." Owen arrived from the kitchens back entry. "No worries Sis. I tossed you a salad until we can get some vegan foods delivered. Good thing you told me at least. I doubt Dad even mentioned it. Is Esperanza vegan too?" He sits to Wiley's right.
"She is not. I do not have a big appetite so it works in my favour."
"I can tell. You're in pretty good shape Maria." Wiley explores her from the side.
"82 pounds, maybe 81 since I mentioned it earlier." Matthew smirked.
"Damn! You're a tiny thing." Wiley puckered.
"No. You are all just giants." The boys had a good laugh at her insight. It was true.
As the four sat getting to know Maria, the newlyweds made their appearance. Esperanza was radiant in a flowing white gown with a deep cut cleavage that dipped well below her breasts and offered a succulent view of her melons. Not only from the front, but from the sides. Being strapless gifted the world her golden shoulders. Definitely no bra.
Oscar wore a black button down shirt with a gaudy belt buckle of solid gold trim. He was dashing but comfortable. She was all about allure, her long silky raven hair even mounded atop her head to let her neckline share in as many kissable spots as could be found. Maria knew she was teasing her new sons. She was shameless. Even the splits up the sides of her dress left little to the imagination.
In unison all four boys in attendance whistled at Momma Barnett, she merely smiled and batted her lashes toward Oscar who beamed with pride.
"The whistles are for me." A thunderous voice approached claiming all eyes upon the arrival of Jacob who stood and poised in a feminine set of stances. Everyone laughed even Maria who wrinkled her nose.
"Sexy man." Tyson called out. "Take a seat Big Gay Hunter."
"You know I ain't queer Tyson. Do we gotta butt heads?"
"That sounded pretty gay to me. Butts and heads in the same sentence." Wiley chuckled.
"That's enough Boys." Oscar rallied as he pulled a seat out for Esperanza. Seating herself she draped her skirt between her thighs to show off her stunning legs all the way up to her hips on both sides. She knew very well Oscar's sons were admiring her, she found it impossible not to flirt with her eyes, even with her new husband. Being much younger than Oscar she was showing her youth, not that he minded. Oscar enjoyed his eye candy immensely. Being openminded and preaching to his sons to do the same with just enough class to be honorable.
"Mind if I make a toast pop?" There were two ice buckets on the table containing wine bottles. Pouring glasses so that Highbone could continue bringing out a pot roast meal Tyson passed out glasses. Maria was even offered one although not of age to drink. It wasn't as if she were driving so she accepted it with a nod from Esperanza.
"Let's hear it Ty." Oscar snuggled next to Esperanza his left hand on her upper thigh rubbing it softly. To her left Matthew removed his Bluetooth from his ear and leaned a bit to take in her flesh. Knowing very well that Matthew was checking her out Esperanza coyly swept her gowns skirt aside a bit more so that he could see her smooth inner thighs. He puckered with a wink as his Father took note, his eyes dropping to Esperanza's lap. Removing her hand the gown hid her interior. Oscar feeling especially proud of his wife's beauty moved his already located hand over to her skirt and lifted it away for an even better view of her pussy. Esperanza had to fan herself and complain about the Texas heat.
"It's getting very warm in here." She sighed as Oscar guided her legs a tad wider for a much better view. Matthew caught a glint of the tiny metal ball that pierced her clit. A light tickle by Oscar she was closing her eyes. Maria across the table was not really paying much attention she was smelling the wine in her glass and trying not to look silly doing it.
Once glasses were circulated Tyson stands up and faces his father. "One big family yet again Pop. From all of us to your lovely new additions we wish you a long and prosperous marriage. Welcome Esperanza...or do I call you Mom?"
"If you wish." She blushes as Oscar dips a finger up inside her, her eyes sparkling at his boldness. Not only that but Matthew was drooling beside her.
"To Mother then." All five boys lift their glasses and take a sip. Tyson then turns to Maria. "We have a sister. The curse is finally broken. We will look out for you and guide you through life baby sister. The teaching begins." Maria looked confused but smiled none the less. "Come to us, for us should you need anything." His wording slipped past with no questions. The boys all knew exactly how it was meant. So did their Father.
Watching his dad Wiley suspected something was going on, mainly because Matthew's eyes were drawn low toward Esperanza. Casually knocking his fork off the table he leaned down beneath the tablecloth and took an undercover approach witnessing his Father fingering Esperanza. Oscar noting his son's childish move leaned over to his bride and whispered his wishes. In response Esperanza moved her legs even wider her left foot literally touching Matthew's shoe. Matthew feeling it's compression lowered his own hand under the table to caress her knee. She was trying very hard to maintain an unsuspecting composure.
"We done talking? I wanna eat."
"So do I." Matthew mouthed his wish toward Esperanza who flared her eyes, a swift glance at Oscar led her to realize there was more to her husband than she knew when meeting him. His boys were all looking her over in some fashion.
Highbone lastly brought out Maria's salad with a selection of dressings in a rotating side dish. While she decided on her topping she heard her mother gasp. Oscar's fingers were digging deep inside his wife's cunt. Between Oscar and Matthew's sly leg massage she was nearing a climax. Just as her face expressed the need for release Oscar removed his fingers and used his napkin to clean them off. Feeling rejected she sat stunned and pulled herself together. Matthew merely shrugged and added, "We saying grace?"
"GRACE!!"
Maria nearly snorted her wine at the unified word so loudly used. Everyone began eating. This family was fun even if they were giants. She felt more accepted as dinner proceeded. Fiji was discussed, being gone a month meant Oscar was talking business with his boys making certain every aspect was covered. Finally as dinner ended the table moved to the family room for a nightcap. This time it wasn't fine wine.
"Jacob?" Oscar sat down and pulled Esperanza into his lap on the sectional sofa. "Break out the Hennessy. Cognac before bed makes the engine purr."
Jacob went to a wet bar in the corner and arranged whiskey glasses on a tray then popped open a fresh bottle, pouring a precise amount in each individual glass. Returning with the tray he passed them out. Stopping at Maria he looked to Esperanza for confirmation.
"One." She pointed at Maria, "You do not normally drink so I don't want to see you drunk."
"We do." Wiley chuckled.
"Chill Bro." Owen rolled his eyes.
"It's the truth."
"Slow it down Wiley." Oscar patted Esperanza's bare hip. Maria was aware of her mother's dress more now that the dinner table was not there to mask her behaviour. She kept her thoughts to herself as she accepted her glass of Cognac. Sniffing it like she had her wine, she winced at the bitter scent. She wasn't sure she wanted it but she also did not want to offend anyone. One quick toast to Esperanza again the men downed their gulp in one kick back. Eying Maria's uncertainty the chant arrived.
"DRINK! DRINK! DRINK!" Esperanza was not happy with their encouragement but her husband easily swayed her from objecting.
Laughing nervously Maria just followed along with what they did. Hurling it in one gulp she bulged her eyes and instantly began choking. The group of brothers laughed as one. Owen and Tyson taking point sitting to each side of her to baby her by patting her back and rubbing her spine at the same time. It took five minutes before Maria could regain even a teary eyed composure.
"I suppose that ends my worry that you might want a second glass." Esperanza shook her head at her daughter.
"May I?" Maria shocked her.
"One is enough."
"Awww come on Mom." Wiley chuckled, "We're celebrating a happy occasion here. Let baby sister live a little."
"She is little." Jacob huffed without so much as a grin.
"Fine. Do not ask me why I allowed you to when you get sick. You've mixed wine and Cognac." Her Mother frowned but embraced the situation.
Bottle on the coffee table in front of them, Jacob poured everyone another round. This time they waited on Maria. "Count of three people." Tyson prompted. Esperanza was already regretting her decision. Not even she was good with alcohol. Still the boys were right this was a worthy occasion. The countdown began and on three everyone belted down their shots. Again Maria was brought to tears gagging but laughing about it. Esperanza was feeling the burn in her chest as well.
"I am not used to so much straight alcohol. I normally drink mixed drinks." She fanned herself with her fingers, "My it is so hot in here."
"It's just the Cognac Mrs. Barnett." Oscar increased his rubbing over her hip, guiding the skirt away from her inner thighs inch by inch without showing everything. Maria being pampered by Tyson and Owen was not really focused on her mom. Once Oscar drew his bride into a steamy kiss Jacob posed a finger over his lips and quietly poured the boys and Maria another round. Maria bulged her eyes, she was already feeling a buzz without a third shot. Still, she wanted to be included in the celebration of new beginnings. She felt she could handle one more. With her mother distracted Maria joined the five men in a personal toast.
"Here's to a month of getting to know you better Squirt." Jacob made the toast.
"I hope she does." Wiley mumbled with only Matthew hearing him.
"Virgin." Matthew whispered.
"So?" Wiley was right.
"Down the rabbit hole Alice." Jacob smirked clinking her glass, as everyone took their swallow. This shot went down a bit smoother for her. Blinking repeatedly to consult her tummy Maria brightened up.
"Mother is right. It is very hot in here."
Behind her Tyson made an unexpected move and unzipped the back of her dress all the way down to her butt crack. Rubbing her flesh gave her goosebumps. With her bra in the way Owen just caressed beneath it. She was getting really nervous, afraid more of reacting poorly than of their actions. Watching Oscar and her mom making out so dramatically made her wet without truly understanding why. Head spinning slightly under the influence she fell back against the couch. Eyes exploring her brothers who merely sat back watching both Mother and daughter, Maria began to sweat, her vision blurring in and out.
"You okay Sis?" Tyson caressed her cheek.
"The room is moving."
"Yep. Three's her limit." Jacob sipped his fourth.
"Fourth technically with the wine." Matthew was always on cue with accuracy.
Maria sat back up but held both temples with her palms as if regaining her senses yet still found herself groggy. Having zero experience at being drunk this was a whole new world order. She was not happy about her loss of function yet she could not help but giggle uncontrollably. In sitting up the top half of her dress being unzipped became loose over her chest, only a single strap held it aloft. One that Owen casually swept from her shoulder. By doing this her dress slipped forward to expose her bra cups by fifty percent. Lace material her flesh was shining through.
Eying her Mother absorbed by Oscar's attentions the boys were torn between the women. Yes Maria was young and gorgeous and vulnerable, but her Mother was drop dead sexy and in her primal. It took Jacob to sigh heavily and stand up tall towering over those seated. Observing Maria's behavior he played the gentleman and moved in front of her. Lifting her chin to note her awareness he grunts, "I'm thinking little sister needs to go sleep off the Cognac." She whimpered at being sent away but her body was not doing so well at the moment. Her motor skills were waning and it was pretty obvious Jacob's fingers under her chin was her only leverage at the moment. Peering up at him with glossy orbs sparkling at Jacob with a sense of innocent wonder he melted at bit. "Yup! Just like the doe in my crosshairs. Let's put you to bed."
Wiley stood up swiftly and pumped a fist, "I'll help." One swift palm on Wiley's chest sent him toppling back on to the sofa at Jacob's strength.
"I got this. You just sit your happy ass right there Coyote." The others knew better than to contest against the eldest brother. Leaning forward Jacob picked Maria up like a towel and tossed her over his shoulder, a mighty hand palming her ass for stability. Maria didn't even squirm but giggled and waved at the others while Jacob took her away. His hand was nearly as large as her entire tight little ass. She was in good hands.
With Maria out of the picture the show became all about Esperanza at the moment. In her lust to impress her husband she had moved into a more comfortable position of straddling Oscar's lap without missing a beat. Her long skirt swept to the side in this angle allowed the boys a perfect view of her heart shaped ass. Dad was giving them a show. His own palms gripping Esperanza's cheeks slid higher taking the thin material of her dress with them. In seconds her entire ass clean up to her waist was in full view. She was obsessed with her passion, if she was aware of her husband's shared experience she wasn't letting on.
Refilled glasses the boys toasted their stepmother's fine ass. Oscar was now even prying her cheeks wide to share an intimate butt pucker, tight and winking in her gentle rises and falls of passionate clinging to her man. Her palms to each side of Oscar's cheeks complimenting his own palms on her cheeks.
It was fun to watch their Dad being the brazen show off that he was. They all knew Esperanza was a flirt so if she knew that her ass was out in the open she was obviously good with it. Yet, their thoughts were elsewhere. Matthew got up and claimed a TV remote and stood to turn on a massive 80 inch wall mounted television to everyone's left, the volume muted and the picture dark until a light turned on. The visual was easy enough to witness that a hidden camera was in installed in Maria's bedroom. Watching Jacob tromp in with Maria on his shoulder he turned to the camera and flipped the brothers off. He knew. In Maria's stupor she had very little awareness outside of troubled limbs reaching for nothing in particular. Jacob took his time and stepped closer to the camera and gave the boys a good close glimpse of Maria's ass, her skirt lifted as high as her Mother's at the moment. With a wink at his kin Jacob reached in and pinched her thong and let everyone catch a glimpse of Maria's own wink. A tight perfect little clam that said hello without even knowing it. Show over Jacob was seen placing her in bed and covering her up. He even went so far as to kiss her forehead.
Prepared to leave he heard her choke and knew exactly what was going to happen. Poor Maria sat up and threw up all over her dress. Eyes rolling at the hurl Jacob found himself unable to just leave her like that. Going to her bathroom he brought back at wet washcloth and a waste bucket. Her hair already pinned back at least saved him holding her hair out of harms way. Sitting with her until she finished throwing up and relaxed he took it upon himself to remove her dress but leave her underwear on. Cleaning her of vomit he stood up and took her dress to the bathroom and actually washed it off, hanging it on a towel hook to dry.
Lights out the boys knew that particular show was over. Jacob did the right thing in taking care of her in her time of need. That just left Esperanza to entertain the men. Not that Oscar intended on stripping his wife beyond what he had thus far, but he did want his boys to know just how good he had it. Binge watching them as they drank for a good ten minutes Big Daddy Barnett had to come up for air. Esperanza feeling his hands clutching her bare bottom looked over her shoulder and down at her revealed cheeks. Holding her breath she flared her eyes at Oscar who tilted his head back with a smug expression on his face.
"Oscar?"
"Yes Ma'am?"
"Are you certain?" She swallows as if shy but tendered a thin smirk.
"Yes Ma'am."
"I ask no further questions Husband." She tilts her gaze at the boys as they raise their glasses at her in tribute. It was then that she noticed Maria missing. "Where is Maria?"
"Went to bed. Couldn't hold her liquor." Matthew rubbed his chin drooling over Esperanza's bottom. "Stepmomma has a sweet ass Dad."
"That she does." Oscar puckered his lower lip.
Blushing slightly Esperanza sighs, "Am I to always put on such shows for my newly acquired stepsons?"
"Now and again. You turnin' shy on me Mrs. Barnett?"
"If it pleases you, it pleases me Mr. Barnett." She leans forward and hugs his face to her cleavage which led to him motorboating her chest through her dress. After a look of shock she smothers him with all her might. Once her playfulness ended she leaned back, "Perhaps I should look in on my daughter. She has never been intoxicated before."
"She's an adult now Esperanza, let her sleep it off." Oscar guides her back further his hands about her waist for support. Falling backwards her bosom mounds under the pressure offering a succulent panorama of twin peaks. Her eyes immediately connected with the boys. If her husband was willing to show her off, she was willing to let him.
"Get an eyeball full Sons. Ain't that there some prime real estate?"
"Can't tell...too much fabric in the way." Wiley chuckles.
"Enough site seeing for one night Boys. We need our sleep for that trip to Fiji." Oscar pulls Esperanza upright by gripping her dress between her tits and dragging her toward him, her tits nearly toppled out as her dress pulled from her body in the sudden withdrawal. Patting her hip to climb off of his lap to sit next to him she relocates but doesn't hide her inner thighs until fully seated. Once settled she covers her privates with her skirt renewing her modesty. Snuggling up to Oscar she shares glances with each boy, flirtatious eyes spoke in volume. Rubbing her upper arm Oscar began a much needed speech. "Sons? While we're away I expect you all to take good care of your new baby sister. I'm forbidding phones on our honeymoon so I trust you fellas to do Maria right. Only call I'll accept is if its a dire emergency, otherwise I'm devoting every breath to this lovely filly here. Show Maria the ranch, take her riding. Wiley? Find her a gentle nag she can call her own."
"I know just the nag Pop. Betsy's a quiet one."
"Maria ever been on a horse?" Oscar looks at Esperanza.
"No. She will be scared at first."
"How about you?"
"Yes. I have ridden on the coastline back home."
"Sounds like fun, we can do that in Fiji." Oscar yawns mid sentence. "About my turn in time. Why don't you go on up and tuck in Maria then get out of that dress. I'm gonna have one last nightcap with my boys."
"Thank you. I worry about Maria."
"A momma should. Just don't baby the girl Esperanza, let her grow up."
"I will try." She sits forward and prepares to stand when Oscar reaches behind her and unzips her dress down to her butt crack. She shivers at her flesh being so openly displayed.
"Hands off the dress until you get upstairs. If ya make it that far."
"It is very loose."
"Heard me."
"Yes husband. Goodnight boys." She rises without holding her dress, the second she stood her cleavage dropped dramatically, pretty much only her erect nipples was keeping it aloft. A mere four steps and even those popped in full bloom in front of them. Esperanza covered her chest with her palms as she shuffled away. Ten feet later the dress slipped from her body and she was only left in her high heels. Tilting her gaze toward Oscar he waved her on.
"Just leave it I'll bring it up when I join ya."
Wiggling away she stopped at the first step of the staircase and looked back at the boys. All of them were standing and once again toasting her. She fluttered her fingers and made her way up. Halfway up the stairwell she met Jacob who stopped right in her way. Eyes flaring toward him he just looked her over. She blushed but stood her ground.
"I put Maria to bed. She threw up all over her dress. I hope you don't mind but I took it off of her and washed it up so it didn't stain. She's snoring away right now."
"That...you undressed my daughter?" Esperanza was taken back by his admission.
"It was that or let her ruin her bedding and wake up all ripe."
"I...thank you Jacob." He nods then throws his arms wide.
"Hug?"
She lowered her gaze grinning at her misfortune. Giving up she removed her hands from her chest and eases into his clutches. A tight hug accompanied by a pair of large warm hands rubbing her back as he lifted her off of her feet, Esperanza tried not to enjoy it too much.
"I should check on Maria."
"Yep. Probably should. Welcome home Esperanza."
"Thank you." She peeled from his grasp as he turned sideways and let her by. She smiled vividly knowing he was watching her ass all the way up the steps. This time she did not look back, she just knew. Reaching Maria's room she realized her daughter if woken would ask why she was naked so she just opened the door long enough to hear her snore. Oscar was right, she should just let her sleep it off. Closing the door she headed for the Master bedroom, she would await her husband and fulfill his every need.
Downstairs the Barnett clan congratulated their Father properly, sharing hugs and loud slaps on the back. Once Jacob joined them Oscar concluded his overdue bachelor party.
"Sons? You know the drill."
"Thirty days to get Maria ready for you." Matthew beat the others to it.
"That's right." Oscar nodded pouring another Cognac, "Train her in every way possible and get her over her shyness."
"We breaking her or are you?" Tyson winced.
"Have yer fun. Just know she's mine when I get back."
"Esperanza?" Owen looked curious.
"All yours."
"All of ours." Wiley grinned.
"One big happy family." Oscar chuckled, "Drink up Boys. I got me some Colombian pussy to feed."
"Save some for us." Wiley laughed.
"After Fiji."
"Night Pops." Wiley led the chorus of well wishers, each son offering their own sweet dreams to his list. Once Oscar went upstairs the boys went back to the sectional and turned the TV up. Even in the darkness of the room they could hear Maria snoring.
"Night vision." Matthew clicked a button on the remote illuminating Maria's room, camera angles switching to right over the top of her bed panning down. She lay on top of her covers in only her bra and G-string looking absolutely alluring as she slept.
"You didn't strip her?" Wiley frowned at Jacob.
"She's our baby sister." He shook his head then grunted, "I let her wink at you bastards." Recalling how he pulled her G-string aside to show them her pussy as she lay over his shoulder.
"Barely legal Brothers." Tyson sighed, "Best kind."
"I say we go tuck her in seeing as Esperanza didn't." Wiley pointed out that her Mother wasn't in the room.
"You just wanna jerk off over her face." Owen rolled his eyes.
"And you don't?" Wiley laughed. "We...could bukkake her in her sleep."
"Let's wait until the parents are gone." Jacob the voice of reason spoke.
"We might not get her drunk like this again without forcing it down her throat."
"Take it slow Fellas." Jacob added, "Treat her right and she might surprise us."
"Thirty days." Matthew poised his glass.
"To Baby Sister." Jacob toasted.
"We should vibrate her bed and make her think her room has a ghost." Tyson remembered saying "Boo!" to her earlier.
Wiley added, "Might ask to sleep with one of us if she gets too spooked."
Hearing cries coming from upstairs the boys knew Daddy was riding tall in the saddle. Tyson puckered, "Mom's a screamer."
"Bet I can make her scream louder than Pop." Matthew grinned.
"You see how Esperanza reacted to losing her dress in front of us?"
"She wants us. Her eyes don't lie." Matthew profiled his new Mom.
"Matty's never wrong." Owen collected empty glasses taking them back to the bar to wash them.
"Dad has her hooked."
"Doesn't he always? He's filthy rich. He gets what he wants. It's just the thrill of the game."
"Ummm? Guys? Anyone notice Dad left Esperanza's dress on the floor?" Owen points it out after his rinse.
"He did that on purpose." Matthew chuckled, "Wait for it."
Ten minutes later they hear a door open upstairs and look toward the staircase. Esperanza in all of her glory took the stroll down with elegance, still totally nude and this time without modesty. Walking over to the congregation of Barnett's she knelt to pick up her dress. What was clearly evident was the streaks of fresh jizz all across her face. She lingered in her kneel to look up at each of them as they stood around her. It was almost as if she expected them to whip their dicks out and add to her coat of paint. When there were no takers she sighed and stood up. Turning away to head back up Wiley drew his hand back ready to slap her ass, but before he could Jacob grabbed his swinging hand, shaking his head no. She did not look back.
"Save it Little Brother. Let's not go being too frisky or she might worry about leaving Maria alone with us. Gotta be trust going in."
"He's right Coyote." Owen agreed.
"Fuck she has a sweet ass."
"Sweet everything." Tyson concurred.
"Like Matty said...wait for it." Jacob patted his brother Wiley's back.
"I'm turning in." Owen yawned.
Tyson decided that wasn't a bad idea, "Me too."
Minutes later Matthew and Jacob called it as well, leaving Wiley on his own. Once everyone had gone up Wiley stripped nude in the living room and plopped back down on the sofa to get comfortable. Turning the TV back on he watched Maria sleep. She had the cutest giggle, he could tell she was dreaming.
"I'm cumming for you Baby Sister."
Three times before falling asleep on the sofa. Highbone would wake him in the morning with a cup of coffee. Turning the television off without even knowing what was on it to save on electricity.
Highbone never pried.