All characters in any sexual situations are over 18. This is a concluded, separate story, but it's a sequel. The characters are introduced more in the first part.
This story is about an intense piss fetish and incest between sisters. There are diapers for peeing, and there is much focus on immature games and dialogue. It can be a bit over-the-top. Skip it if you think this is not for you.
-------------------
When Anna and her little sister Mia first fell in love, they soon discovered that society could really throw some serious wrenches in the works of a little innocent incest.
Their roommates, for example, made privacy ridiculously difficult to come by. And leaving the apartments for some public sneaky kissing often made things even worse. Heads would turn everywhere to check out two blond female college students in their early 20s with fine breasts and asses, and in your hometown, any onlooker could mean the end of a shameful secret.
Either way, Anna and Mia didn't want to settle for sneaky flirts and teases. These girls wanted some serious sibling cunt, and the obvious solution was to move to a place of their own. Since available apartments were scarce mid-season, there was no choice but to resign themselves to no fucking through winter and spring.
"I'm desperate," Mia complained one day right after exams. "I'm so fucky! It doesn't matter how much I fuck myself anymore. I need sicker. I need to be an incest whore! I'm addicted! It won't go away."
Anna couldn't have put it better herself. They were perverted in the same way, craving all kinds of nasty and depraved fuck-games for proper satisfaction. On top of that, the sisters found each other very attractive, physically, and incest gave them the slutty thrills they needed. Now, they were slowly going insane with frustration.
Then came the miracle.
A favorite band was giving an early summer concert just a few hours away by the coast, and the arena was close to their grandmother's very pleasant apartment. It turned out that their spunky 75-year-old gran was leaving for a week at a resort with a friend, and she was willing to lend her home to her granddaughters over the weekend if they could get there in time.
They arrived at their gran's place a late Friday afternoon during one of the worst heatwaves in years. Two packed suitcases met them inside the door. The large old woman was booked on an evening plane, and there was time for a quick cup of iced tea between grandmother and granddaughters before the girls helped their gran down the elevators and into a taxi.
Finally, they were alone.
Compared to the rest of the family, their gran was rich, and her apartment was a magnificent single penthouse on top of a complex. There were windows everywhere, and a spacious balcony was carved into the slanted tin roof, allowing you a view down on a hundred other apartments and a courtyard.
"We are now queens in our queendom," Mia proclaimed theatrically, and then she turned to give her sister a first kiss on the lips. "Queens can kiss their sisters. I'm sure."
"Oohhh, fuck Sis," Anna panted. "Are we gonna do it already? We have time for a quick one. But, she's barely left. It's like, a little weird still, isn't it? Maybe we should relax a bit."
They spent a few moments trying to figure out how to enjoy themselves best, playing queens while they sipped glasses of Gran's wine and looked down at their realm. There was no need to rush things.
Anna made a discovery during her next trip to pee.
"I always thought age would never get to Gran," she called out from the bathroom. "Look what I found. It's full of these really big diapers. Do you think she uses them?"
There was a whole cupboard almost filled with stacked diaper packs in the bathroom. One pack on top was open. A more detailed inspection revealed that they were some sort of ultra-absorbent, extra thick incontinence pads. To hold them in place, you had to use extra large panties of which there were a few in the cupboard and some more in the wash basket.
"I've never seen her wear them, but maybe at night," Anna observed to her sister, joining in. "Jeez, Gran is huge. You could fit both of us in one of these."
Anna was lifting up her gran's panties from the wash basket, holding them out, inspecting their size. Their grandmother was a big lady, and her ass was clearly enormous compared to those of her descendants.
"What were you saying about being weird at Gran's place?" Mia giggled. "Now, you're playing with her dirty panties."
They were indeed inspecting the large diaper-panties, and both girls were equally fascinated.
"Ohh, I'm such a whore for getting wet by this," Anna admitted. "Can you imagine Gran has wet herself in this?"
In the mean time, Mia dug out a regular panty, which was smaller but still made for an enormous ass.
"Yeaahh," she agreed with lust in her eyes, inspecting the dirty piece of underwear. "I feel it! This is creaming my cunt, Sis. Do you think her cunt leaked pee in this, too? Do you think we can smell Gran's cunt in here?"
Their pent-up frustration finally bubbled over. Mia held the crotch of the panty to her nose and smiled. Anna giggled and approached her sister. Soon, both of them were smelling the crotch of their grandmother's dirty panties, and they kissed through the fabric. Their mouths opened, and both their tongues licked the dirty panty crotch.
"I want to taste your cunt spunk Sis," Anna panted. "I'm a sick fucking whore. I've wanted to suck your grool for so long. My cunt is fucking slimy right now!"
"Aaahhh, but what about respecting Gran's privacy?" Mia teased with a playful smile through the panties. "Don't you think she'd be disgusted by incest in her apartment? Besides, we can't fuck now. We'd miss the show."
She was right about the last part. They had plenty of time to figure out how to fuck each other senseless later, but right now they had serious business to attend to.
* * *
Two hours later, they were in the open-roof, hard-floor arena, standing around getting buzzed together with 15000 others. The sisters' summer dresses weren't even knee-length, which was perfect since the heat showed no signs of relenting. In these temperatures, the dresses were more comfortable without bras, and the free-moving and very prominent breasts of the two blondes drew stares from all over the floor.
The main act was preparing to go on. Anna touched Mia's perfect butt, and Mia turned back and caressed Anna's slender waist.
"I can't keep my hands off," Anna noted by way of talking loudly into her sister's ear. "No one knows us in here. They won't ever see us ever again. They have no idea we're sisters."
This was true. Sure, their pretty faces looked related, but who could know for sure? The place was packed, but it felt more safe and private than almost anywhere.
"Mmmhhh, I feel fucky when I touch you," Anna kept moaning, hugging and groping Mia from behind. "Oohhh, my pretty little sister lets me touch her in front of all these people."
"Do you want to give them something even fuckier to look at?" Mia said, turning around, and then Anna felt the warm wetness of both lips and tongue.
They pressed their bodies and tits together through a slobbering kiss that covered half of their faces in saliva. Their hands were caressing and squeezing hips and asscheeks, and then their fingers wandered away towards the breasts and the nipples, which poked out very close to their deep cleavage hems.
"Ooohh, I love you Sis," Anna moaned in pleasure from the touch. "Oohhh, there's so many people. Mmmhhh, and we can do whatever we want. I'm fucking horny!"
The start of the show interrupted them. The first few songs sent everyone including the sisters into a euphoria, but they kept kissing every now and then. When the songs slowed down, the girls were in the mood for drinks, and they started going back and forth to the bar. Through it all, they kept holding hands, and every other minute, they smooched. At one point, a pretty bartender girl shouted that they looked cute together, and they tongue-kissed deep for her while she poured their drinks extra tall.
There came a part half-way into the show when it was easier to talk. Mia was squirming a bit by now, looking more over at the lines going into the porta-potty section.
"I love this!" she suddenly admitted, shouting into Anna's ear. "I love being right here, with you! I don't want to waste time in line to pee."
Anna understood. She embraced the warm, tight body of her sister from behind and talked into her ear.
"You know the old days at concerts?" Anna asked suggestively. "Girls used to just wet themselves with excitement if they loved the band. The whole arena would smell of piss-wet cunts."
Mia moaned in excitement from that image and then again from nervousness. She needed to go very badly. It felt strange to even think about doing it among all these people, but it could work. They were sheltered by the crowd. There were already a few spilled drinks on the floor. Anna seemed to sense the hesitation.
"Just keep your legs apart a bit," Anna instructed. "It will run through your panties, inside your legs, and it won't get on your dress. It will just go straight down. You can do it. Don't worry about the people!"
Big sister caressed little sister's tits from behind, and the rushes of pleasure from the tits to the cunt made the decision easier. Mia turned her head for a kiss while she separated her feet on the floor as instructed.
"Aaahh, I wanna do it," she exclaimed. "It's fucking pervy. Should i do it? Aahhh, I'm a fucking cunt! I'm gonna piss right here, watching the show."
"Fuck yeah, do it! Just piss yourself for everyone! Let it go right in your panties! You're so fucking hot!"
Now, big sister kissed the neck of little sister, who moaned out loud from the titty-touch in the middle of the crowd where no one could even hear her. She tensed up through a few thrilling seconds, trying with all her willpower to go in the soft, moist squeeze of the panties. Finally, she managed to relax just right, and then it came.
"Oohhh fuuuck! Ooohhh fuuuckk! I can feel it! I'm gonna piss myself! Oohhh fuuuck, Sis, it's fucking coming!"
A spurt of warm liquid saturated the panty crotch and turned into a long stream. Her cunt lips bathed in delicate urine, cascading through the thin fabric and splashing down on the floor. Both girls could feel the splash-back on their bare legs while the puddle grew between their feet.
"Aaaahhh, it's amaaazing!" Mia cried out in relief through the music.
As long as the splashing continued, Anna kept massaging and groping the tits and kissing the neck. Mia wanted to touch her own cunt, but she couldn't risk making a mess of the dress. When the flow stopped, she turned around to kiss her sister harder, and Anna finally brought a hand down, lifted the skirt bottom, and shoved her fingers in through her sister's soggy panties.
"Fuck yeah!" Anna shouted through the kiss when she felt the liquid. "You're soaked! Oohhh, I love it!"
Mia fucked her drenched crotch back against the fingers. Anna brought the fingers up for a taste, and the girls thought to look around in case they were drawing too much attention, sucking piss fingers. There was nothing to worry about. But there was a puddle, and they decided to move to another spot to stay out of trouble. They laughed in a perfect, horny buzz all the way to their new spot.
Two songs later, it was Anna's turn, and they did it much the same. Mia stood behind, caressing her sister's hips and tits, dancing to the music, while Anna parted her legs and released the pressure from her bladder out on the floor.
At one point, they moved back to the first spot, and they couldn't find the puddle any more. They felt safe and free and very horny. The show was nearing the end, and the girls had red cheeks from making out. No tit was untouched for more than seconds, and their pissy, juice-swimming pussies were desperate for orgasms.
"Take my tits out!" Anna shouted back at her sister in euphoria. "I want more! I want it to be fucking glorious!"
Mia understood, feeling the same need for naughty perversion. She bared her sister's magnificent tits for everyone who wanted to see, and a moment later, they were both topless, caressing tits and nipples while they moaned in horny pleasure. Everything exploded in another feverish kiss. They were working themselves up for the climax.
At this point, their favorite song started playing. The crowd went wild around them, and the sisters knew exactly how to celebrate. They pulled dresses up and started fingering each other's completely drenched crotches. All the time, they were kissing so hard they nearly choked on the tongues down their throats, and they moved closer, pressing their naked tits together.
Soon, they were pressing the cunts to each other's thighs instead, humping. Little rivulets of urine squeezed from the panties and trickled down their legs while they fuck-kissed and pressed their naked tits flat. They reached around under the asses to finger the cunts from behind.
The music stormed through a crescendo, and the sisters both had orgasms with their tongues deep inside each other's wide-open mouths.
They stayed in the fuck-pose through the chorus, making sure they weren't falling over through their climaxes. They released more piss down each other's legs before returning to the world around them.
Only a few people were paying any attention, and no one seemed overly bothered or invasive. The girls arranged themselves back to something more normal, and then they rushed to the drinks stand to get a refill for the extra numbers before the crowd.
* * *
It was morning. The apartment felt more stuffy than a sauna when the morning sun hit it. Anna woke up in the large, soft bed they shared, swimming in a puddle of sweat. Her mouth was drier than she thought possible. Fortunately, there were several large glasses of water by the bed due to their drunk taking-care-of-themselves spree last night.
Some of the glasses were already empty, and she had faint memories of gulping down water to regulate her temperature during the night. She reached out and wet her lips and throat with another big gulp. Apart from the thirst, the most pressing issue was her bladder, which was about to burst. But there was something else. She wasn't completely naked, was she? Something white and thick was wrapped around her crotch.
She was wearing a diaper!
She had a surreal memory of them digging through the diaper packs when they came home, making sure that they wouldn't have to lose sleep from peeing. The weather was insane then and now, and she remembered drinking ice water and using the glass to cool herself down, pressing it against her face and tits.
She tried probing the thing in her crotch, and it rustled. It was dry. She could feel the touch very nicely through to her cunt. The stimulation was subdued by the material but left her wanting more. She turned to look her sister.
Mia looked impossibly wicked with her tits out and a big, thick, white package in her crotch. The sight hit Anna right in the hungover hornies, and before she even knew what she was doing, she reached out to touch. Mia moaned, waking up, and when the hand reached between her legs, she pressed back through the creased material. Anna gave in to temptation and planted wet kisses on her sister's tits.
"Mmmhhh, that feels good," Mia responded, slurring as she returned to consciousness. "Mmmhh, I'm fucky! I feel like I'm gonna explode. Ohh, I'm so fucking sick, Sis. It's too hot! I'm thirsty. Oohhh, and I really have to pee."
"Yeeaahh, we're cunts," Anna whispered, dreamingly. "Today, we're gonna come and come and come. But don't worry about peeing. You can just do it now right here, and then sleep in it for a little while."
Mia gradually realized what was covering her crotch, and she remembered that they had planned for this scenario last night.
"No..." she gasped, waking up in a slight panic. "I'm... I'm wearing a fucking diaper. I can't believe it. It's too fucking... disgusting! I can't pee in Gran's diapers, in Gran's bed, can I? But I have to go so bad!"
"Mmmhhh, yeaahhh," Anna purred. "But this is just what we wanted. We can be scuzzy for a whole day together. Yeahhh, we can fuck all day! Mmhhh, go ahead! Piss in a diaper for me, Sis!"
All the time, Anna kept pampering and massaging the wrapped-in crotch with her free hand. She brought a glass of water to her sister's lips, and when Mia had grabbed the glass, Anna returned her mouth to the stiff-nippled tit for a few moments. Mia moaned from the stimulation and bucked back at the hand.
"Aahhh, it feels real good," she announced. "Yesterday was insane. Fuuuck, I'm a slut. We look fucking insane with our tits out, in fucking diapers."
"Yeeaahhh, you're a hot slut," Anna panted, licking the sweaty tit. "I bet you can fill your diaper real good for me. I'll hold your cunt and keep you safe while you go. Just think about my hand and go in it!"
"Yeaahh your hand. Mmmhh, your hand is gonna make me go. Just keep it there! I can feel it. My fucky cunt! Kiss me! Aahhh, fuck! I want to taste your tongue, Sis! Ooohh, yeaahh!"
They tongued each other's mouths, and then came a sharp sloshing sound as a torrent of piss filled up Mia's diaper. The padding swelled up with warmth in Anna's hand. Mia bucked her crotch up, kissing the soaking fabric from the inside with her cunt lips. Anna pressed back down on the outside for stimulation. It didn't take much to get you off from proper piss incest.
"Fuck, yeaahh..." Mia gasped out. "It's so wet! Uuhhh, it's sick! Uuuhh, uuuhhh! I'm gonna fucking come, Sis! Aaaahh, my cunt's creaming! Uuuhhh! Piss! Uuuhhh, uunhhh, I'm fucking coming for you! Uuunnhhh..."
The piss-saturated diaper was a warm, wet fuck fruit that massaged her entire crotch, and now she jammed her cunt up harder and harder into that softness. She came hard, moaning into her sister's mouth.
Finally, Mia was done, and she relaxed and drifted back into a fast morning nap. Anna was happy with her work, but she had some needs of her own now. First, she moved her hand to her own crotch and pressed down to feel the diaper better. Then she started urinating very deliberately into it.
Releasing the pressure this way felt more perverted than she had imagined, and she loved it. Soon, she was going full force, gushing out the contents of her over-filled bladder into the padding that swelled all around her crotch.
It was time for her own come. She started humping Mia's thigh through the urine-cushion. The soft, wet stimulation pressed out liquid with each with each thrust, washing wetness all over the cunt. But the cunt wanted more sickness. She made her little sister raise her arm, and then Anna kissed her way in to the dripping pearls of perspiration in the exposed armpit. Their entire bodies were wet with sweat, and Anna tried to lick it off, moving her lips and tongue between the armpit and the closest tit.
This was it. The salty sister sweat on a tit and the piss-dribbling diaper against her slit provided the perfect, twisted stimulation that her mind needed right now. It took about a minute to work up her climax through animal grunts and groans, and then she tensed up and shook violently through a massive release.
She relaxed. They both slept for another hour.
* * *
Waking up for real, they were both literally dripping with sweat. Anna went to look for some refuge from the heat on the shadow side of the apartment, which had the balcony. This side was just as warm, but at least there was shelter from the sun and some whiffs of air movement from outside the open the balcony doors.
"Fuck it!" she announced. "Tonight I'm taking the mattress, and I'm sleeping out here to survive this."
Mia was in agreement in from the kitchen where she scoured the fridge for something cold. She was enjoying the cold air from the fridge, which gave her goosebumps all over and nipples hard as pebbles.
"Should we change these little diapies?" she asked with the innocent baby voice that meant she was getting ready to play again.
The sisters were quite a sight. They were mostly naked. Their bouncy, dangling breasts were too big to fit in any hand. Their skin was smooth and their curves were soft. And then, there were the huge packs of diapers wrapped all around their crotches. The diapers were clearly very full, bulging out with a liquid color tone. Last night, they had put them on using abundant amounts of surgical tape, which they had looped around their waists as belts. Now, standing up, the pads hung down slightly, and both girls were walking with their thighs more parted than usual.
Mia ended up grabbing a pitcher of cold water and topping it off with ice. In the mean time, Anna rounded up two bathrobes for them.
"Yeah, I guess we should get out of these," Anna said, referring to the diapers. "I just need to sit first. It's so strange to wake up and already feel exhausted. This heat is insane."
Once in robes, the girls walked out on the huge balcony and planted their padded asses in two tanning chairs. There was a large floor space. In once corner, there was a sofa with a table, and in the other corner there were enough plants to call it a cozy in-apartment garden.
From where they were sitting, they had a good view of some other apartments in the courtyard. Theirs was higher than all the others, and if they sat back in the sofa instead of chairs, no one would see them. But it didn't matter now. There was no one out on the balconies across the yard, because the sun was cooking them. The girls had their world to themselves.
"This is so relaxing," Mia let out. "I really have to pee some more. Do you think the diapy can take it?"
"Yeah, they're massive," her sister determined. "Either way, what does it matter. Just go for it! I'm gonna try, too."
They overlooked their queendom, and then you could hear streams hissing into padded wetness through the quiet of the yard while its regents filled up their comfort wear.
"It feels so weird," Mia noted. "It fills up my crotch completely. I wonder if this is what having big balls feels like."
"Try blue balls. I'm so fucking horny. I think I need at least 10 orgasms today. I've wanted this for so long, Sis. I love you so much."
"Yeah, I need it too. So fucking bad... Let's have another cummy, and then we can go out and eat."
They pushed the chairs back a few steps until no one on the other side had a clear line of sight to anything below their faces. The girls could still see the top rows of apartments across. They giggled together while they opened their robes again. Then, they opened the diapers together, and they folded down the fronts and spread their legs.
There came a humid smell of sloppy cunt and warm piss as they spread for the world. Anna's crotch had a thick bush of hair, and Mia's was carefully trimmed, showing her meaty cunt lips a little better. Either way, both sisters' hair was completely soaked and glistening with piss at the moment. The slits in the center were glistening even more from cunt juices, seeping-out.
The girls leaned back with hands on their tits and cunts, and soon you could hear the sticky-wet noises of their joint masturbation. Neither of them cared to hold back their moans when they came, bucking in their chairs.
"Yeah, that one hit the spot," Anna sighed out after recovering.
She still sat on the ass-end of her oversaturated crotch sponge, and she held the front up and released a final spurt of urine into the soggy mess. She closed her robe and got up, leaving the wet package behind. Mia waited behind while her sister used the bathroom. When Anna came out freshly showered, Mia took her turn. They didn't know what to do with the diapers, and on impulse Anna put them in the freezer to keep them fresh.
The dresses from yesterday were spent, but the girls had both brought easy-to-pack summer dresses with loose waists, allowing maximum air, which was perfect for today.
"I'm gonna let my tits air without a bra," Mia thought out loud. "Do you think we should go without panties or just piss our panties all day and walk around? We need to be pervy and sick, right?"
"You know what might work?" Anna said, walking away to the bathroom.
She came out holding two new crotch pads in her hands.
"Oohh, fuck yeah!!" Mia agreed with enthusiasm. "Diapers all day! Can we really do it? We might as well, right?"
"Why not? The dresses are loose. No one will notice. Here, I can help you put it on."
Anna led her little sister over to the bed to lie down. The sight of an adult, neatly trimmed cunt spreading to be pampered was very captivating. Anna had to muster all her self-control not to dive in and munch the tasty slit. Instead, she guided her little sister to lift her bum so the nappy pad could slide in underneath.
The big, silky diaper panties were a little too loose for the girls' tight, young asses, which had been the reason behind the somewhat unruly taping last night. Their own panties were obviously too tight now. Anna solved the problem by fetching every unwashed pair she could find of their gran's normal panties. After some trying on and giggling, they had found a pair each that were perfect fits. They helped each other put them on, and as final safety they added neat rounds of tape around the top of each package.
All diapered up, they fell into an impromptu fashion show, spinning around, caressing each other's tits and kissing. Then, they had to try it in dresses to confirm you couldn't see something out of the ordinary. Their crotches rustled a bit when they played with them, but this should work itself out once they became wetter.
"Fuck, this is hot," Anna panted. "My little diapy-sis. My cunt is gonna piss everywhere we go today!"
"Ohh yeah, it really turns me on," Mia agreed. "I don't want to wait any more. I want to go out there right now and be a piss cunt for everyone!"
They dove into another deep, horny kiss, squeezing tits and moaning into each other's mouths. Then, they left to face the world.
* * *
The apartment was only a few blocks from the crowded park, which led out to a beach. The walk through the park provided some welcome shade. Eventually, they reached a large open-air, café-type restaurant that was perfect for a break. About a hundred people were scattered around tables between trees.
Unfortunately, the only available seats were in the sun, and the waitress started by bringing an extra pitcher of ice water to compensate. Anna and Mia ordered wine and salads, and soon they were in their own little buzzed bubble.
"Such an amazing day," Anna enjoyed herself. "I have all day alone with my favorite sister in the whole world. I might even handle the horniness for a few hours with more wine."
"Yeah, and maybe a few cummies," Mia panted, rubbing herself against the chair and biting her lip. "I'm so slimy for you, Sis. And now I have to piss. Ooohh, it's gonna get me off to go to the bathroom right here in my chair."
All around them was a crowd of well-off people grabbing lunch or a relaxing drink in the shade. The place was a bit classy and expensive, and there were several members of staff walking around. No one suspected that one of the guests was about to relieve her cunt right in the middle of everything.
"Do it!" Anna panted excitedly. "You're so hot! Want to hold my hand?"
She looked around at the oblivious people and held out her hand for her sister to grab.
"Ooohhh yeaahh, I feel fucking scummy," Mia whispered in euphoria. "It's coming. Oohhh yeahhh, here it comes. My cunt! Aaahh, now! Yeaah, I'm pissing, Sis! My scuzzy cunt is pissing right now!"
Somehow, this place provided all the privacy they needed. They looked around carefully at the surrounding crowd while secretly, under the table, Mia's cunt lips were washed apart by piss-spurts into the thick white diaper, bathing her entire crotch in warm wetness.
"Aren't you gonna go?" Mia asked once she was emptied.
Her sister gave a naughty smile in response. She was bursting to go, but she was holding out for something.
"I'm waiting until that waitress comes around again," she informed. "I want her here while I do it."
Fortunately, they managed to catch the waitress' attention by grabbing the wine list again. Mia started asking questions, buying time for the older sister to be as naughty as she needed. Eventually though, the waitress inevitably turned to Anna, who was sitting with a blushing face, staring back at the very professional woman.
The waitress might have figured something was up, but she had no chance of knowing that she was trying to take an order from someone whose hairy cunt was pissing hard into a diaper at that very moment. Anna could barely focus on anything but the sensation of warm liquid, rippling out all around her cunt. She managed to pant out that she wanted the same as her sister.
"Did you do it?" Mia eagerly inquired when they were alone again.
"Yeeess," Anna sighed in relief while she pressed the last squirt out into the wet pad. "I looked into her eyes while it still came out of my cunt. I think I almost came. I want to fuck myself right into it now!"
This remark caused Mia to try sliding back and forth in her chair a few times, mashing her saturated, warm diaper back against her moist fuck lips.
"What, this way?" she whispered and humped more. "Yeaah, it's amazing... Oohh fuck, it's a pillow of piss. Oohhh, ooohhh, I think I can come already. Mmmhhh, should I do it? Ooohhh, right here?"
"Do it, Sis!" Anna gasped out with a fascinated stare at her little sister. "Come here, for all of them!"
Mia humped and blushed, squeezing her sister's hand. Anna looked around, making sure no one paid too much attention.
"Yeah, I'm so cunty," Mia gasped. "Aaaahh, it's so messy everywhere. Oooohh, there's fuck-drool mixing with piss in the pillow. Ooohh, fuuuck, I want to touch my tits, but someone will see."
She mashed down as hard as she dared, cunt-kissing the piss-wetness in the diaper. The only thing that held her back was keeping the chair from to moving or making noises. She was getting closer, and she cared less about the rest of the world.
"That's right," Anna whispered in encouragement. "You're so good. You're such a pretty little sister. Make your little cunny come in the piss right here, Sis, for all of us!"
Mia gasped and gasped again, humping down in the squishy softness. She was looking straight forward in bewildered amazement over what was happening, and she squeezed Anna's hand harder. Mia's mouth opened, and then she managed to keep the noise down to aching whimpers as a wet orgasm hit her.
Anna kept trying to keep a discreet lookout. So far, no one had noticed that something was going on at the little table with the wanton sisters.
"Now you're ahead of me with one come," Anna said quietly. "I need it. But maybe we should go somewhere else, before people start to notice us."
Their meals were all but finished. They made sure to hydrate before a warm walk, and they finally payed, got up, and set course towards the beach over a mile away.
Holding hands and walking with soaked diapers was a titillating experience. Every step, wetness massaged their cunts, turning the whole walk into a long, soft piss fuck. They stopped all the time to kiss and touch each other's tits, and they pressed their fingers through the soaked cushions harder and harder to make their cunts feel it.
Eventually, the view to the beach opened up a few hundred feet down a slope.
Down some overgrown stairs, nearing the bottom of the slope, there was a run-down, closed canoe rental with a bench outside. No one came by here, and you were close enough to see everyone down by the water clearly. A few patches of high grass were blowing in the wind, obscuring details about you from others when you sat down.
"No one on this beach knows who we are," Anna observed in a very analytical fashion. "And even if they see us doing weird stuff, they won't be close enough to really tell for sure."
"This is the perfect place for your cummy Sis," Mia giggled, giving her sister a kiss.
Anna felt a thrill, realizing that this was where it would happen. She kissed her sister back. Soon, they were groping each other's tits without caring what people saw. Then, through the moaning and the panting of the kisses, you could hear new streams of liquid filling up both their crotch packages.
Mia brought her hand down to the outside of Anna's padding and started rubbing.
"Fuck yeah, Sis!" Anna gasped out. "You're gonna make me come right here with all these people! Aaahhh, I need it! Fuuck, I'm so fuck-sick! Ooohhh, I'm gonna come in it! Uuuhhh, rub my piss! Uunhh, rub it!"
"That's right Sis. Come for me! Come for them! Let your cunt come in the diaper! Come in the piss for them!"
"Fuuck, it's happening!" Anna cried back high enough for people to at least hear the noise. "Aaahhh, I'm gonna come now! Aaannhh, I'm coming! Fucking incest cunt! Uuhhh, uuuhh, uunnhhh! Uuunnhhh!"
Mia sealed her lips over her sister's, and they kissed through the rest of the orgasm while the hand in the crotch kept massaging the padding. As Anna zoned out, relaxing in the embrace in post-orgasmic bliss, Mia looked over her shoulder and found that no one appeared to pay too much attention to what was going on yet.
"I think I want to go," she informed as gently as possible. "Someone might bother us. It's a shame. I would have enjoyed a bath right now."
"Yeah, I'm so fucking sweaty all over," Anna agreed. "I can't imagine how clammy my diaper has to be inside. Piss and cunt juice and sweat."
"Mmmhhh," Mia giggled and kissed her sister again. "I have to taste all that. We'll let our juicy sweat stew all the way back, and then we'll lick it clean, right?"
* * *
When they arrived home, they desperately gulped down half a pitcher of water each, and then they started kissing with a fever. Their cunts were ready for new orgasms after being massaged by urine sponges through the entire the walk home.
"Fuck yeah, gimme your sweat!" Anna panted out as she licked the salty perspiration from Mia's skin. "I wanna fuck the piss and come in your mouth. I wanna piss-fuck my little sister now!"
They were out of their dresses in a second, making out with bare tits in only diapers. Both pairs of tits were slippery with sweat on the undersides, and the sister's took turns kneeling down to taste the salty fluids while the other one stood waiting, enjoying the tongue.
"Oohhh yeah," Mia gasped back. "Lick my tit-sweat! Taste my sweat, Sis!"
They licked under each other's arms, and then they traded the salt in horny kisses. They moved on to a thick, cozy, expensive-looking rug, which they sat down on face-to-face. They kissed, and they pressed diaper against diaper, rearranging into a scissoring position.
"Ooohh, fuck my cunt!" Anna let out with a horny, perverted hiss. "Diapy-fuck me, Sis! I can feel the piss everywhere!"
The pressure caused piss to seep out of the crotch-paddings, and soon wetness glistened down the insides of their thighs while they diapy-tribbed harder and harder.
"That's it," Mia whimpered in euphoria. "It's perfect! I'm gonna fucking piss-come! Fuck my diapy! Diapy-fuck! Aaahh, aaaahh, I'm gonna come! It's so sick! I love it! Aaahhh, I'm gonna come!"
"Yeeahh, it's leaking piss," Anna responded in ecstasy. "I'm a whore! Just a little more! Just a little more, fucking the old piss! Ooohhh fuuuck, it's so good on my cunt! Mmmhhh, it's coming! It's coming!"
There was a race to come first as they mashed their soft diaper padding together and sawed their cunts back and forth. In the end, Mia won the race and collapsed on the floor while she clasped her diaper with both hands and jammed it into her cunt. Piss was squishing out all around her ass.
"Aaahhh!! Uunnhhh!! So good! I'm coming! Aaahh, so hard! Uunnhhh!! Aaahhh!! Fucking piss! I fucking love it!! Uuunnhhh!"
Anna watched and tried as hard as she could to control herself. She was biting her lips, whimpering in envy of her sister, who thrashed around in ecstasy on the floor. Then, Mia calmed down, and it was Anna's turn.
"Please make me come Sis," she begged. "Please, taste inside my diaper! Oohh, it's so disgusting now. I want your mouth there so bad."
She spread her legs and leaned back as if she wanted help getting changed.
"Mmmhhh, I need it too," Mia panted as she crawled up. "Yeahh, sweat, piss, and fuck slime from a whole day. And I'm gonna fucky sucky! Mmmhh, sexy fuck-stuff."
She opened the diaper up and gasped in euphoria as the smells of sick horniness hit her. The diaper was warm in her hand. Pulling it back revealed a treasure of completely soaked cunt hair, glued slick against the skin. The entire crotch was shiny and dripping with piss. In the slit, you could clearly see an abundance of thicker, creamier liquids, trickling out. The absorbing pad was soaked enough that the front made a wet thump when she dropped it. Anna was still sitting with her ass on the back part.
"Taste it!" the big sister ordered. "I'm so sleazy. I want your mouth in my fuck hair. Aaahh, I want to watch my sister clean me. Suck my spunk! Mmmhh, make me come, you fucking whore!"
Mia let out a moan of ecstasy and dove in with her mouth wide open. A second later, both of them were crying in euphoria as her tongue wriggled everywhere, exploring the flavors.
"Yeess, I'm gonna come in your fucking scum-mouth!" Anna cried. "Aaahhh, like that! Suck it! Aaahhh, it's so nasty! Aahhh, aaahh, I'm coming! Uuuhhh, in your fucking mouth! Aaahhh, yeesss! Now! Here it comes, you whore! Aaahhh!!"
Anna spasmed and came so hard that two sharp spurts of liquid shot out into the open mouth of her sister, who swallowed with a passion and kept sucking.
When Anna returned from her satisfied haze, she looked down at Mia's desperate mouth, craving more nastiness, kissing and sucking the actual inside fabric of the diaper.
"Mmhhh, I want it again," Mia begged through lips pressing into diaper wetness. "Mmmmhh, your cunt was so sleazy! I have to come again. Mmmphh, please, let me come in your mouth!"
She lay back with her legs spread, and Anna showed mercy, climbing in to open the next crotch package. In the mean time, Mia held on to her sister's nappy pad the way you would hold on to a treasure. Mia gasped when her own diaper was opened and warm smells of cunt, piss, and sweat filled the room once again.
"Eat my fuck slime!" she whispered in a sick euphoria, and then she turned her attention back to the pad in her hands.
She moaned into the tepid piss sponge and started sucking more liquid out of it.
Anna's tongue wriggled in through the thick juices in the cunt crack. Soon, Mia was pressing on the head between her legs with one hand, and she used her other hand to press the old diaper against her mouth, making piss leak out over her entire face. Her crotch was bucking back against the sister mouth, building an orgasm.
"Mmphhh, mmmphhh," you heard her muffled cries of orgasm through the overfilled incontinence pad. "Mmffhhh, MMMPFHHH..."
Her trembles built to one last mighty spasm of pleasure, and then she relaxed on her back in bliss with her arms falling down to her sides and the diaper still resting on her face. She pissed in her sister's face, and Anna just opened her mouth and cherished the liquid gift.
"Ooohhh yeaahhh, you slut," Anna gasped, looking up from between the thighs. "I need more! It's time for a real party, don't you think?"
She got up and walked naked and dripping over to the fridge. There was a small, expensive-looking bottle of bubbly, and she absentmindedly put down the soaked diaper on a shelf to grab the bottle. Surely, Gran wouldn't mind them having another sip of wine. She might even have meant it for them, since it was in the fridge, right?
On impulse, Anna walked over and grabbed the other used-up diaper to put that one in the fridge as well.
The sisters sat down naked to share the bubble wine on the balcony. The sun was coming around to their side, and it would get warm, but there was some kind of canopy above that they might hide under for a while at least.
"Cheers!" Mia gave a toast. "To drinking naked with my sister! The only problem is it makes even hornier."
"Yeah, this is the best," Anna confirmed. "Finally! I'm so happy right now. I'm gonna piss."
She spread her legs in the tanning chair, and then a river of piss came out of her hairy cunt and made a little puddle on the balcony floor. Both of them laughed, and then Mia repeated the feat, emptying the last of her bladder straight out without a care in the world while they sipped their wine.
The afternoon was passing by quickly. They needed more to drink, and it didn't feel right to go through their poor gran's entire wine rack.
After their rest, they put on dresses and fresh diapers, and they left for the supermarket.
Salad was still enough for such a hot day, and they decided to chop their own vegetables at home. All through the shop, the sisters stopped to kiss and caress tits through the dresses.
"Look, my nipples are fucking rock-hard," Anna pointed out when she stood in the cold air by an open fridge.
"Ooohhh yeaahh," Mia responded, trying out the pleasant temperature. "It makes me want to pee."
The sisters kissed and pissed themselves right there. On their way to the registers, they passed the baby department.
"Maybe we should get some pacifiers to go with our diapies," Mia thought out loud.
"Why do we need pacifiers when we have real tits?" Anna countered.
They ended up with some pasta, vegetables, and dressing, and then they went for some fancy wine and bubbly. They took their time to get home, so they had time to walk over to the park again and kiss and piss some more among the people still out there.
When they got home, it was late afternoon at its warmest. They were spent, and they decided to sit down again before doing anything else. The girls popped open another bottle of wine and got some ice cubes before ending up in the sofa out on the balcony.
"It's too hot for anything," Mia complained, masturbating lazily with her hand inside the diaper while sipping her wine. "I feel perverted, but I'll sweat too much if I make myself come."
"Yeah, the worst will pass soon," Anna decided while also masturbating. "We'll just have to have comfy cummies until then. Now, did you want something to suck on?"
She folded the top of her dress down to reveal her tits. This sight reinvigorated Mia, who stared wide-eyed at the stiff nipples. She wanted to play a game.
"Ooohhh fuuuck yes, Baby-Sis wants tit!" she gasped. "Oohhh, please, let your little diapy baby suck your titty! Oooohh, please big sister! Your little diaper baby is so fucking cunty!"
The big sister put on a maternal smile, and she leaned back and pillowed up so someone could lie in her lap. Mia moved in place, grunting with animal excitement. Anna held the head of her sibling and brought it up to a nipple. The breast was wet with sweat, trickling down all over the face when the mouth latched on.
"Yeaahh, that's it, you little piss baby," she encouraged. "Ooohhh, it's good. Oooohh, I'm so fucking titty! Suck my tit, you little fuck baby!"
"Mmhhhh, mmmhhh, mmmnhh," Mia responded in degenerate grunts, drooling on the tit flesh. "Mmnnhh, uuuhhh! Uuunnhh!!"
Both girls pissed themselves again. Anna rubbed the piss diaper between her sister's legs through the suckling, and Mia came closer and closer to another orgasm in her urine bath. Finally, she bucked the diaper back against her sister's hand and spasmed in a perfect release, grunting into the big tit.
They rested. Mia looked up with bliss and pissed some more.
"I'm such a fucking tit-whore," she whispered. "Ooohh, you're so pretty. Do you want to be my little diapy baby and suck my tit? I wanna be your titty-whore, Sis. Do you want to suck sister-titty and come in your pissy diapy?"
Anna had no objections to this plan, and the sisters switched positions. Then, big sister was treated to another piss-diaper massage all the way to orgasm while she sucked on a sweat-dripping tit.
They were both amazed that they could still come just from stimulation through the paddings. But the leaking, wet pressure all over the cunts was an unbelievably pleasant sensation, and maybe the thrills of sickness were even more important. What really brought them to orgasm after orgasm was the sick knowledge that they were fucking their own piss.
After this temporary satisfaction came a new period of relaxation. They had some lime and mint leaves, which they mixed with the ice-water. It was delicious. Due to a wise decision, they also had some very salty nuts to snack on, but it was about time for some proper food before they lost their energy.
While sorting and packing, Anna wrapped the soft-frozen diapers out of the freezer around two wine bottles before putting them back.
"The pads will be great freezer buckets," she explained to her sister's questioning face. "We need all the ice we can get today. Let's put the new ones in the fridge!"
Mia just went with it without understanding why. They took their diapers off, and Anna stocked up the fridge with that additional pair. Working naked, she got some pasta boiling, and she started sorting out vegetables into the strainer for washing.
"Wait!" Mia called out when she saw her sister reaching for the faucet.
Mia came up to the kitchen counter. She jumped and turned, climbing up with her bare ass onto the counter. She had to hunch forward a bit to fit all the way in while she scooted to the side. Soon, her cunt hovered over the sink, and she spread her legs wide for access.
"I can wash them," was all she said, and it was all she needed to say.
Anna kissed her sister and moved the strainer in between her legs. They both laughed as Mia's cunt started spraying piss all over the salad. Anna even brought her hand down, washing everything around in the flowing liquid.
"You're so fucking sexy," she let her sister know with another kiss.
Soon, they were eating urinated salads and drinking wine in complete undress on the balcony. They had put on some music to get the party going. They were getting more buzzed again.
"It turns me on to eat this piss salad," Anna informed her sister. "It's yummy. Your piss is so fucking yummy in my mouth, Sis. Your piss tastes so good, it makes your sister's cunt drool."
She was becoming more immature by the syllable, but she was doing it because it turned her on. Mia enjoyed the game just as much.
"Oohhh, yeah, fuck drool and piss," she responded. "I'm gonna need another cummy when we're done eating this delicious piss."
It seemed that Anna had a plan for this as well. After dinner, she cleared the table and returned from the kitchen with two very cold, overfilled piss diapers from the fridge. She made Mia scoot over in the sofa and spread out both diapers on the sofa cushions.
"We'll both sit down on one each," Anna started explaining. "And we'll close them as fast as we can. Then, I don't know what happens, but it should cool us down at least."
It sounded scary but also naughty enough to try. They stepped into a pair each of their gran's panties and pulled them up to their knees to be ready. The pads were spread-out and waiting for them in the sofa, and the girls leaned back, hovering their naked asses above the cold wetness. There was a moment of tense hesitation, and then Mia dropped down first.
"Oooohhh, fuuuuck!!" she cried out when the coldness embraced her entire crotch.
Anna joined a split second later, and then they were both gasping from their cunts becoming a little cooler than were prepared for. It only took seconds before they had goosebumps all over their skin. Their nipples ached with extreme hardness.
They worked fast, using their last shreds of self control to lift their asses, hold the pads in place, and pull the panties up. Then, they fell over on top of each other in the sofa.
"Ooohhh, it's so cold," Anna got out. "I'm gonna piss in it! I can't hold back! It just comes no matter what I do! Ooohhh fuuuck! Aaahhhh..."
She let out a long sigh of relief as warm urine splattered into the coldness of the diaper.
"Me too," Mia cried out. "I can't stop it! Aaaahh, piss! Ooohhh, fuuck this is amazing! It's hot and cold! Fuck me, Sis! Fuck me!"
They pissed and humped and kissed in their cold diapers. They sucked every petrified nipple. Within a minute, they were both moaning their way to fresh, unique orgasmic experiences.
"I'm gonna fucking come! It's so cool on my cunt! I love it! I'm gonna come in it! Aaahhh, aaahhh! Fuck me! Aaahhh, aaaahh, I'm coming! Yeaahh, now! Uuunnhhh!!"
"Fuck yeah, I'm coming too! Nnghhh, nnnghhh!! My cunt is so cool! Piss!! Here it comes! Aannhhh!! Uunnhhh!! Fuuuck, it's gooood!!"
They embraced and cried with joy, kissing while their cunts pulsed in cold pleasure. The cooling crotch-hugs weren't unpleasant anymore, but the numbed cunts kept leaking urine from temperature-induced incontinence. It was just impossible to stop.
The sisters drifted off into a perfect bliss, caressing arms and tits.
"I'm dripping," Anna noted once she finally stood up, pulling her diaper down.
Since she had more hair, she was dripping more, but Mia was also dripping when she bared her cunt. Looking down, they found the absorbing pads completely overfilled. The liquid was still there, and some of it hadn't even been soaked up. Ounces of urine were pooling up in little lakes at the center of the pads.
On impulse, Mia reached down to touch it.
"It's still pretty cold," she announced.
Then, she bowed down. Her lips reached the piss, and she started slurping greedily.
"Oooohhh, yeahhh, it's tasty," she exclaimed. "Cold piss! I want more of this!"
Anna bowed down to slurp up some tepid piss as well. Then, they continued by laying down in the sofa cunt to mouth, warming each other's crotches up through slow, wriggling kisses.
"My asshole needs your tongue too," Mia informed her sister. "Ooohhh, yeaaahh, that's it! All the way in! Lick my ass, Sis! Ooohhh, press your tongue in! Yeeahh, your tongue is all warm in my ass!"
The evening turned into a haze of sickness. Anna arranged for the night by filling the free floor space of the balcony with the air mattress they had decided to sleep on. The sisters lay down on it and started licking each other's cunts and assholes through orgasm after orgasm. They kept pissing in each other's mouths, and to keep the flow going they consumed a bottle of wine that was chilled by a frozen diaper. Then, they turned to chilling their own piss in the bottle. They poured it and sipped it through laughter and kisses. They flavored it with the lime and mint. They were never satisfied for more than a minute, but they were perfectly happy just being delirious together.
"Your piss is tasty Sis," Mia praised the drink. "Iced piss from my sister's cunt has to be the sluttiest thing I ever drank."
Anna laughed, and then she poured the liquid all over one of her tits. The nipple and the areaola contracted into rock hardness, and Mia yelped, throwing herself forward to start licking. Her lips closed around the nipple, and she started sucking and lapping, making her sister moan in delight.
"Did you like that?" Mia panted up. "How about this?"
She climbed on top, and then she started pissing all over her sister's tits. Anna purred with delight from the hot shower.
Then, she went inside and came out with several full diapers from the fridge and two bras from their gran's wash basket. Anna used the soaked padding to make their big-titted gran's bras fit them perfectly, and soon the sisters wore cold piss-diapers both on their tits and their cunts. The cold wetness everywhere made them lose control once more, and they threw themselves on the mattress and rolled around, kissing, emptying their bladders spontaneously.
"Yeah, fuck me!" Anna panted out while she pissed herself. "Mmmhhh, it's all cold and wet! Mmmhh, it's all pissy! Aaahhh, piss-cunts and piss-tits! Nnnghh, I wanna piss fuck you forever!"
"Oh fuck, I love you!" Mia responded with goosebumps all over. "Aaahh, cold piss! Aaahhh, fucking piss-fuck me, Sis! Mmnnghh, I'm a fucking piss whore! Fuck me! Aaahh, fuck me!"
The girls kept their pleasure games up through the rest of the evening and into the night. The music was still playing although softer and lower, providing a good mood for sleeping on the balcony without disturbing the neighbors too much.
Around tucking-in time, the girls only had one diaper pad left from the pack, which caused some puzzlement when trying to decide how to spend the night. Anna had one last stroke of inspiration.
She returned with one of their gran's original, giant diaper panties, which was big enough for both of them to fit in for real. They got on the mattress, and then they giggled as they clumsily fitted all legs in through the holes of the panty and climbed inside.
Anna pushed the dry diaper cushion in place. They had to stand face-to-face and pull, sitting down carefully, to get in it the way they wanted, entwining their legs and pressing the crotches together. Eventually, they were locked in a tight embrace, cunt-to-cunt, tit-to-tit, kissing.
They were sharing a diaper.
"Uuhhh, I fucking love you," Mia grunted out through drooling kisses. "Uuhhh, uuuhh, I need to piss right now. Uuhhh, I'm gonna piss on your cunt, Sis."
"Fuuck, yeaahh, do it!" Anna approved. "Oohhh, we fill the diaper together. Ooohhh, piss-fuck my cunt! Fuck me! Ooohhh, fuck me! I'm gonna fuck my sister's cunt in piss!"
Their tit's rubbed together while they waited for their crotches to relax. Then, Anna felt the warm flow of Mia's cunt going first. They started rubbing together in the warm wetness, sliding cunt lips up and down through cunt lips.
"Uuuhh, uuuhhh," Mia grunted. "Ooohhh, I'm pissing. Mmmhhh, I'm a whore! Uuunhhh, we're whores! Aaaahhh, fuck me, piss whore!"
"Fuck yeaahh," Anna cried back through her sister's lips. "Aaaahh, I'm pissing too! Oohh, fucking tit-fuck! Uuuhhh, fucking piss-fuck! Uuunhhh, I want sicker! Ooohhh, fuuuck, I need more sicky-fuck, Sis!"
Anna's hairy cunt flooded her sister's crotch and the diaper, and before they knew it, they were fucking in a deep pool of both their piss. They kept rubbing forever, devouring each other's mouths and moaning louder. Eventually, it happened.
"Aaanhh!!" Mia cried. "Aaahhh, piss everywhere! Uuuuhh, it's gonna fucking happen! Uuunhhh, cummy! Cummy! Aaaahh, cummy cummy! Uunnhhh, fuck me, here it comes! Uuunhh, uuunnhhh!!"
She spasmed in climax, mashing her slippery cunt lips even harder against Anna's, and the big sister felt herself being pushed over the edge as well.
"Fuck yeah, it's happening," she gasped before crying out. "Aaahhh, I'm coming too! Aaanhhh, right in the piss! Aannhhh, so good! Aaahhh, uuunnhhh! Fuuuuck!!"
The sisters spasmed and cried in each other's arms while their cunts pulsed with pleasure in the drenched diaper.
They stayed that way, sitting comfortably and on their way to falling asleep without lying down. They were stirred from their coma by a commotion from the balconies further down. Without thinking, Anna leaned out, dragging her sister along to the bars of the railing.
Three guys were smoking on a balcony a few floors down on the other side of the courtyard, and now they were holding beers up, cheering towards the girls' apartment. There was nothing for the sisters to do but smile and wave, and then they finally lay back in bed. They were exhausted and temporarily satisfied, and within minutes they were sleeping, wetting their diaper until it squished with every movement.
* * *
The morning was wonderful. For the first time in ages, the sister felt peaceful and satisfied. They cleaned and fucked some more, and they finally locked up and dropped the spare keys in the mail box with heavy hearts.
Summer was coming. They had to focus on finding their own den of incest and endless piss-play.
-------------------
Probably, you shouldn't cool your cunt this way. I bet it's dangerous.