Back in 2020, I wrote a three-part series "Venise - Emerging Pornstar." Its heroine, Vita, was eighteen years of age when she reinvented herself as Venise, budding pornstar. She made six porn videos and then no more. Her viewers may have thought that she had grown out of it.
We meet her again ten years later. Now in her late twenties, she revisited one of her last videos and made a seventh: Back to School Again. With James, the four girlfriends she met with in Part 1 and a couple of guys she joined a party on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of their graduation. That party was the focus of Part 2. They played a game of Truth or Dare and Vita realised her big dream of being naked in public.With her entourage, she is about to arrive home, still naked, as stipulated by the Dare. Will the homecoming brings any more surprises?
Part Three - Opening up to mum
The remaining seven of us leave Jessica where she is and continue our way towards my house. I am a little nervous to be naked in public so near to my house. But, again, I love the mixture of exhilaration and embarrassment.
We then turn the corner and my house is revealed. Shocks of shocks, the living room lights are on. Not only that, but my mother is standing at the window looking out. In her dressing gown.
Why on earth? Has she come out of bed? She has not been standing there all night?
I consider diving down behind some bushes, but that would only make matters worse. And Sarah has my clothes. If mum hasn't seen me, she won't have missed my group. But it is clear that she has seen us as she disappears from view. And appears again when she has opened the front door.
'Goodnight, all, goodnight, Vita. You are naked. So, why am I not surprised to see you like this? Cool mask, by the way. You know, I couldn't sleep and thought, won't it be nice to get up and wait for my darling daughter and ask her how her night has been. James was kind enough to text me when you left the school, so that I had a solid reason to wait.'
I rip off the mask and turn to James. If looks could kill... But they can't. And they shouldn't really, in this case. I have to accept the situation. And, the idea flashes through me that this isn't so bad. So, I straighten my back and say, 'Mum, I am an exhibitionist. I don't need help.'
To my relief, mum laughs heartily at this. 'Well, then, fine. No help given. Why don't you come on in, all? And let's talk about what happened and what it all means. I am glad the troupe of you came along to bring Vita home safely.'
Before anyone would start telling her the full undiluted truth, I jump in to tell a reduced truth, but no lies.
'Mum, we played a game of Truth and Dare. We all wrote down some embarrassing Truth or Dare, put the pieces of paper in a box and each drew one out. Mine was "Get naked, and stay naked until you get home."'
'So you did. Typical. I know you, young lady. I bet you wrote it yourself and happened to pick it.'
'Well...'
'Well? Did you? Don't you lie to me.'
I have become a young girl again. In small voice I say, 'I did, mum.' Muffled laughs from my gang.
'I knew it. But what are we talking here on the doorstep? What will the neighbours think? Well, they are asleep. But do come on in, all.'
Is it to my relief or dismay that all accept my mother's invitation?
All seven of us gather in our kitchen, James, Mike, Rick, Hazel, Erica, Sarah and I, all properly dressed except for me. My mum is in dressing gown and I can't see pyjamas or nightgown underneath. Does she, do both my parents sleep in the nude? I wouldn't know, you know. Mum offers tea and all accept, including me. Anything that buys me time, anything but facing the music.
'So, all, who do you make of my naked daughter? Stand up and show yourself, dear.'
Hazel says, 'No need, Mrs. (...), we have seen her already.'
'Vita, stand up anyway. Evidently, you like to show yourself. You called yourself an exhibitionist. I happen to know what that means.'
Oh, dear. But I comply.
'What do you think of my daughter's body? I gave birth to it, come to think of it. I haven't seen it naked since early highschool, or the start of puberty, don't remember exactly. I remember just about catching the moment when she first grew pubic hair, and breasts. But after that, she didn't show herself anymore. Well, until this morning, when she came out of the shower. With that unusual bleached pubic hair...'
Hazel interjects, 'We saw her all the time in the showers. We have seen the bleached pubes before too, in our final year of highschool...'
'How about that? So, Vita, were you exhibitionist even then?'
'Err... well...'
'So you were. But, you, her friends, what do you think of her body? And of her exposing herself?'
Of course, Hazel is the first to reply, 'Well, she is pretty, a pleasure to the eye. I would say she does you proud. The exposing thing, I think it is crazy. But fun, in the right space. You know, Mrs. (...), I got naked at school too. But I got dressed before we left school to come here. I live locally, so... And Jess, she went bottomless... She went home bottomless too.'
'Bottomless? Is it what I think it is?'
'Well, with naked butt and cunt... Pardon me... Behind and mound. And the fun thing was, on the way we met a woman who was walking her dog, and she thought it all was fun too and showed us her mound. She called it "cunt" by the way.'
'What forces are you unleashing, Vita! Scandalous! What would you lot say, if I said, let's all get naked, right here in the kitchen? Or if I said, I will do it? See if your acceptance extends to a 51-year-old woman.'
Mike says, 'Hazel forgot to mention that James and I got bottomless too. So, over half of us have shared our naughty parts already. And Sarah swapped underpants with James, from a Dare. That was just a flash, so doesn't really count. It is just Erica and Rick that have behaved.'
Mum says, 'You two that have stayed fully dressed, do you feel short-changed? Tell you what, if you get naked I will too.'
'Mum! Don't embarrass me, please!'
'Says who? The word embarrassment, coming from you, means... Not a lot. Perhaps I am trying to teach you a lesson. I am your mother, you know.'
'You are right. I have no right to speak. I have said it: I am an exhibitionist.'
'That gives you the right to embarrass yourself, but also to embarrass those around you? And if I, your ageing mother, want to embarrass myself in the presence of you, my daughter, and a couple of your friends, you'd not be okay?'
'I don't know. As you said, I have unleashed a monster.'
'You have indeed. What do you say, Erica, Sarah and Rick, do any of you want to undress too?'
Hazel says, 'Come on, you guys. It is fun. And Vita's mum will join in. I'd like to see that. She looks good. Go, Vita's mum! Body positive! Rick, come on! I will get naked again too, if you like.'
The monster has been well and truly unleashed.
Hazel is naked in no time at all. Rick takes his time. A small surprise is that he is cleanly shaven down there. And erect. He is embarrassed about the size of his erection, about the size of his cock, full stop. 'But,' he says, 'I fathered two children, so size is not all. I started shaving because my dick tended to disappear in my hair.' His laugh is followed by a few others. Hazel supports him, 'He did indeed! I have no complaints about him. In any department. 'Nuff said.' They lovingly embrace. His erection doesn't subside, to say the least.
Erica and Sarah are equally slow. Before she undresses, Erica says, 'Guys, I am not sure if I want to do this. Part of me doesn't want to stay behind, wants to see what it is like. I want to be one with you. I want to be part of the team. But I am embarrassed about my crazy tattoo, which only my husband and I understand. And about my underwear, since you girls all appear to have nice stuff. I do too, but only when love is on the cards. I didn't expect to show it today. So, please don't mind the white cottons and the old bra. My knickers may even have holes. My pantyhose, the same.'
Her white cottons do indeed have two holes, and her hose one run too, at an upper thigh, a run which was covered by her skirt. We women know that it's not fancy underwear all the time. On the other hand, Erica is clean-shaven, not even stubble in evidence. There is that outrageous tattoo, which was just covered by her knickers. Her breasts are large and sag a bit, but they have their lazy beauty. Guys should know we are not all supermodels. When naked, she stands with her hands in her lap. To cover her vagina or her tattoo? She corrects herself, removes her hands and says, 'Mrs. (...), my tattoo says "Whore." I know you may not understand. My husband wanted it and he is a good man. If this is his only fault... And I am a little whore, really, but to one man only. We are happy together, so giving him this tattoo was a small price to pay. Our doctor saw it, muttered "what the hell", but then had a laugh too. Phew, here I am, naked in public. But then, you are my friends, right? And you, Mrs. (...), you won't bite, will you?' Erica is part of the team. We all warm to her...
Sarah follows, 'Sorry, my tits are small, I actually fill out my bra a bit, and my belly is a bit big. I should exercise more. But I have carried children there. And my bush, I shaved most of it.' We know that Sarah is shaven down there with just a landing strip remaining, as she flashed it briefly during the underwear swap with James. She still wears his boxers. Her bra is nice. Often we women wear nice underwear not necessarily to show, but to underpin our confidence. When she is naked, she raises her arms and turns around her axis once and twice. 'So, guys, this me. Take it or leave. And... I need to do this too... Sorry, Vita's mum.' Facing the group, she sticks her index fingers in her opening and spreads it. 'Sorry, I just needed to shout it out, as it were, when I actually hardly dared. I needed to burn away my embarrassment.'
Erica looks nervous for a moment and then says, 'Well... If Sarah... I can't be the only one who hasn't shown hers.' And she opens her vagina with her index fingers. We all consider Sarah's and Erica's. Rick's small cock swells to capacity. I will admit, I am excited too. There is nudity, yes, which could be a neutral element, but the "whore" tattoo, the spreading open of the vaginas make the atmosphere sexually charged. In the presence of my very own mother...
My mum says, 'I take it the others have done the same? I would not have suggested it, but - hey - if it affirms your womanhood... Go, girls. The norms of the previous generation, our generation, don't have to be yours. As long as you stay safe. In the end that is all that matters. Now I will keep my promise, if you don't mind...' I shouldn't mind, but my mum naked, in front of all my friends...
Mum releases and opens her dressing gown. Why do I dread this moment? What conventions underpin this dread? Can't I just accept the fact that my mum is a sexual creature too? Why should I be embarrassed if she bares herself before my friends, when I have done so myself, in fact am still doing it, because I am still naked! Regardless of my mother's motives, which are cool enough...
As it is, I am initially embarrassed when my mum takes off her gown and stands naked in front of me and my group. The others appear to be in awe of her. She is fifty-one and it is obvious she isn't as young and fresh as we are. She sports a bit of a tummy, her breasts have been firmer, I guess, her skin isn't as tight as it would once have been and - it a bit of theme - her bush is entirely unkempt. But she is an attractive woman and not past it all. A surge of pride...
I am not sure if we will ever speak about her sex life. Should I mind that or welcome it...? I make a mental note to speak to her and open up myself. After all, I am the fruit of sex between her and my dad, who thank god is asleep upstairs. Come to think of it, we already have had a woman-to-woman conversation about masturbation. Why not?
Then, to cap her actions, she sticks her index fingers inside her vagina and opens it. Oh, dear... The channel I came through, nine months after my father came to deposit his load there...
Now that the excitement of the undressing and the disclaimers is over, Rick's erection subsides and we drink our teas and chat about all sorts again. The theme of exhibition is brought up again by my mother.
'I am now naked in, well, semi-public. I feel good. I have been to naked saunas a few times. This feels a bit like that. Confidential. Except that there are men, a few of whom are few dressed to boot. I feel a tiny bit of embarrassment. No offence, guys. I don't mind.'
Erica says, 'Mrs. (...), we feel the same. A bit odd, a bit nice and confidential... In a way, I feel better about my body and that crazy tattoo, now that I have shared them with you all.'
Hazel, 'I was naked with Vita at school, so this is my second time naked in public. But it doesn't feel like in public. I am used to it already. I am sorry I didn't feel I could walk here nude. Not for safety, because I was with Rick and another few gents. But I felt, if someone I knew happened to be around, or we would be stopped by the police... With hindsight I am very sorry, as it was hot. I said I was sorry, because the encounter with that woman who was walking her dog was very hot... Mrs. (...), I told you we met that woman who showed us her cunt. You know, she pulled it open and showed us the glistening inside. I had never seen anything like it. And Vita and Jessica showed their insides too! Sorry, Vita, but your mum already caught on... To be honest, I had never seen a cunt up close, until today. Including my own, you know. I have never studied that wonderful thing of mine. Okay, I have seen it a bit in porn, but that's about it. Cunts are wonderful and all different. As different as body types, and heads and faces.'
Mum turns to me with a weary smile and says, 'You are really going all out, aren't you?' Oh, dear... To my immense relief, she adds, 'It is okay, because it was safe. Vita, when you do this kind of thing, I am concerned about your safety first. I don't think that was in question here. The other thing I might be concerned about is your mental health. That you might get obsessed by this kind of thing, that good, clean sex won't satisfy you anymore, that you will never settle down with a life partner. I won't say, with a man, because I can't presume that. Take whoever you like, as long as he or she or whoever is good for you. I won't mind being a grandmother sometime, but you have to like being a mother first. Finally, not everybody will think kindly of antics like these. You have to consider your reputation. I am thinking of work and colleagues, and more casual acquaintances...'
I manage a smile and say, 'It will be with a guy, I think, and as I stand here now, I do want kids at some point. I am not in a rush, though.'
'Nor should you be. But I will now stop that mum to daughter stuff. I am not gonna put you on the spot opposite your friends any more.'
She becomes a little uneasy now. Shyly she asks, 'Guys, or rather, gals, do you mind showing me your vaginas again like you did to that woman just now? I mean... I didn't dare looking at close range a moment ago... If you allow me, I want to look at yours, closely, if I may...'
Hazel pipes in, 'Erica and Sarah, let's show ours again and let Vita's mum look as close and as long as she wants... Vita, I let you decide if you want to as well...'
And I cautiously say, 'You don't want to see mine, do you, mum?'
'Well... Why not? It is not incest or anything? Rather, I see it as intimate sharing between a mum and her daughter and that can't be wrong? But I agree... It is a bit unusual, isn't it?'
'Okay, mum, let's get it over with.' I go to her and stand before her. I place my feet apart and move my hands towards my loins, find my labia and pull them apart. My mum sinks down on her knees and looks at my vulva with a concentrated gaze.
'It's beautiful, Vita, it really is. The bleached pubic hair is a laugh. The little labia inside the majora, the clitoris that pokes out from underneath its hood. Does this mean you are excited? You seem to be on the wet side. But I have no comparison.'
'Mum, it's still raving mad to have you look at my sex like this... But as you said, why would it be wrong? It is just strange. And embarrassing. And, I am excited... I already was...'
'Embarrassing? So, will I embarrass you also if I say I want you to see mine too? If you would be so kind.'
She smiles at me. As if all these other people weren't there! 'Please look at mine. And tell me what you see. For no reason at all, I have never taken pocket mirror and inspected it. Note to self etc.... But tell me what you see.'
So, here I go, the business analyst etc., the career woman etc., in front of my friends etc.... I bend over and look at my mother's cunt, which she pulls right open... I see the glistening gate to her womb, I see her hood, which largely hides her clitoris, I see the wrinkles of her prominent labia minora, I see the majora, that fail to contain the minora, I see the mass of unkempt hair, I smell the mustiness of the assembly...
'Thank you, mum... I never thought, but it is fine... It is just a cunt. Half the people have one. They are all the same and all different...'
Erica, Hazel and Sarah have lost any shyness - well, in Hazel's case, did she ever have any? - any shyness they initially might have had and offer their openings up. Mum and I, Erica, Hazel and Sarah, we all study each other's sexes... I am sure my statement is accepted by everyone, that they are all different and all the same. I can attest that Erica does a great job shaving, no stray hair in sight or ingrown hairs. Her inner labia are the longest I have seen; they are wondrous, tender flaps... The tattoo, again... It is a shock to see that word there... No woman would have suggested it, I think... But if it makes her sex life tick... I like Sarah's landing strip. I have always liked them, but have never taken one. Note to self etc.... Her inner labia are as short as those of Erica are long, very neat. Hazel's pubic hair is dense, but trimmed to a few mm... Somehow it demonstrates the feminine toughness that suits Hazel. I know it is nonsense, but her cunt, its shape is exemplary of herself, tough yet feminine. Hazel being Hazel, she is the only one who offers up her anus to my mum. Thank god, she doesn't tell her that she and I did this at school. Rick doesn't have a cunt, but shows mum his cock. As he said, it is tiny, but neither he nor Hazel appear to mind. He is uncircumcised. His scrotum is normally sized, perhaps even on the large side, making his cock appear even smaller. But if a wet, swollen cunt is moving, to use that clinical word, then an erect cock beats that. An erect cock is so, well, in your face, aggressive. No offence to men, per se, except to the individuals with aggressive minds. Etc.
---------------------
We sit down to drink our teas. A restful moment after the excitement of all that carry-on. You have got the picture: two men who are dressed, one naked man, and five naked women. A monster has been unleashed? Not sure now...
Typical, that the women dominate... But who I to comment? I made it happen, at the end of the day.
We are tired too and don't say much...
----------------------
I am not sure how it happened. I catch myself pleasuring myself... I immediately stop when I become conscious of it. I look around to see whether anyone has noticed... Two pairs of people are softly chatting, apparently unawares. But I see Hazel, Erica and my mum turned into themselves... Whether driven by fatigue or by a conscious decision, there appear to be zoned out. Hazel's breath is quickening and her eyes fall closed. My mum's head is turned in Hazel's direction, but she is staring rather than seeing... Erica slowly pivots from one to the other, but, like theirs, her hands are in her lap and they are active. This signals to me to throw all caution to the wind and join them masturbating. I was wet, and get wetter very quickly. I have to hold back, lest I come too quickly. I want to climb my mountain slowly, make that sweet other-death all the more intense. Yes, I just about hear the grunting that comes from Hazel, or my mum... I don't know. I don't know their sex songlines... Grunting and moaning comes from more than one direction. It comes from me too - oh, it is so hot to be shamelessly pleasuring myself, floating on the waves of other female shamelessness.
I come twice.
And liberated I watch the other three reach their orgasms when their moment has come.
The kitchen is a temple of Venus, of Venise...
Why hasn't Rick...? Or has he...? He might have been quick. A bit of Mars then...
-------------------------
Eventually everyone has returned to the here and now. Everybody appears to have had his or her fill, but in the best of ways. James' phrase sums it up, 'Monumental.' What we all have experienced tonight... No words ever measure up to describe it. No one tries. It was monumental, full stop.
Everyone but mum and myself get dressed. There are hugs between everyone and everybody and then they all leave. James just about manages two words about him attempting to edit a video from the hour or so of footage he has captured at school and on the walk home by tomorrow dinnertime.
And the night is done when mum and I hug each other for two, three minutes before we repair to our respective bedrooms. 'We'll talk tomorrow...'
-----------------------
Before bed, I check the porn site to see whether my new Back-to-school video is up yet and it is! James has done a great job. And we have entered a new reality, as the GoPro is far superior to a mobile phone of ten years ago and in HD all the dirty details are visible. My body... well... my body doesn't look at that different. It was smooth then and it still is smooth now. My breasts are not noticeably less firm and my pubic hair has been dyed the same way. I still wear my hair at shoulder length and I still don't colour it. Of course, these days it is cut better, but I am wearing the mask, so the cut doesn't really show. No, what is subtly different is that I move differently compared to ten years ago. On the one hand, I did more gymnastics back then so will have been more flexible. On the other, my aerobic stamina will have been improved as I am older and better trained, from running and work-outs. But there is this element that is hard to put a finger on, that of maturity, of self-assurance, of confidence. I am not envious of the eighteen-year old. I like myself as I am now.
In bed, I dream intensely sweet dreams of sexual fulfilment.
-----------------------
I wake up late and jump out of my lair. I feel reinvigorated. Why? It takes me a minute, but of course I know. I have lived up the real me, or words to that effect. Words can only ever approach feelings, can't they?
I have to pee. I sleep naked, and would certainly have done this time. I open the door a crack, but the coast is clear. I softly make my way to the bathroom and do the business. On my way back to my room, I find my mum on the landing. (Again. Has she heard me? Has she had her ears pricked up?) She is naked. Again? Still? And she is bustling with energy.
'Vita, dear, I couldn't get to sleep last night. Well not to start with. My head was still spinning. All that carry-on has hit me hard. But in a good way. I felt I had been reborn. I thought about it, tossing and turning, and made a resolution. When I had done that, I woke up your father and, well... had him make love to me.
'I see you frown. I must seem like a young girl to you, brimming with enthusiasm for her newest fad. Well, maybe... But the resolution I made: ours will be a nude household. Yes, you too. I have already told your father. I have also told him that he will be excused for wearing shorts, if he is uncomfortable with any unwanted erections. He said he was okay with me seeing them, but not with you seeing them. I said I would discuss it with you. So, what do you think?'
I reply, 'You are obviously catching me off-guard. I do think you act like that young girl. Have you thought it through? What did Dad say?'
'Well, as I said, he wasn't sure about seeing you and you seeing him and all that... So, we came up with the shorts. I reckon that once the novelty has worn off he will relax. Also, that you wouldn't be fazed, if you saw Dad's involuntary erection, would you?'
'My... You hit the ground running like a rocket, if that makes sense... Naturally, I know Dad will behave. Even mentioning the possibility is off, as it speaks for itself. But I still have to readjust to a new reality.'
'I understand. But I won't be discouraged. My decision stands. And then another thing, I will shave down there. I want to be extremely visible.'
'Mum!'
'What? You will get used to it. You'll have to, but you will. And, I want you to do it, because I have never done it and don't think I can reach everywhere.'
'And me saying no is not an option, I take it?'
'Well, you wouldn't turn me down, would you? After all, all this goes back to your "Mum, I am an exhibitionist and I don't need help".'
'Okay, I will help. But just clarify one thing for me, you said this is now a nude household. You mean, just between you and Dad, and me, when I visit? Jessica is coming for coffee this afternoon. James may too.'
'Jessica was part of your crowd yesterday, wasn't she? And James was too. I can't force you, and I certainly can't force them, but I would appreciate it if we could all be naked.'
'Okay, I will be naked, also if and when they will visit, and will ask them if they would join. As you indicated, I can't force them either. I am giving up my resistance. I was trying to be the voice of reason here, but - fuck! - it is me who is the exhibitionist!'
'That is my girl!'
We hug.
'And I will also not advise you to be careful with your friends... I take it you will involve them in your shenanigans?'
'Oh, yes! Before I fell asleep, that is: before I awoke your father and made him, well... fuck me, I drew up a list in my mind to identify who I expect to be game, who I expect to just tolerate me and who will reject all of that.'
'I wish you luck. And your reputation.'
'You know, Vita... Wouldn't it be great if nudity were legal? Then you could be the exhibitionist whenever you liked and I wouldn't have to worry about my reputation...'
'I know... But it wouldn't be the same if it's allowed, would it? I will run it by Jess when she comes round. For a laugh at least.'
---------------------
We are eating something and drinking a coffee when Dad enters the kitchen. He's been on a run. So, he is dressed in his running gear and is sweaty.
He smiles an ironic smile and says, 'The ladies are at it straight away, aren't you? A rolling stone etc. Your mother wants me to join you both being nude. I am not so sure. What do you think, Vita?'
'I am not so sure either. I think like you. Not sure if this is a family thing. Did mum tell you I declared myself an exhibitionist?'
'Yes, she did. I said, why? But then I said, as long as she stays safe. And then your mother laughed her head off. "That is what everybody says." But for the life at me, I can't see why you would want every Tom, Dick and Harry that comes along to see you when you are nude. I would think it is better preserved for specials ones.'
'Dad, I will make sure I stay safe whenever... I have only been naked in public just last night, opposite my school mates. Before, I streaked a few times at Uni, for bets, you know, and was only nude at home or with lovers. So, I am finding things out as I come along. But I have had dreams about it for a decade or so. So I have to do it now, if ever. Who knows I will grow out of it?'
'Right-o! We will do the same here, finding things out, won't we? I will have my shower now, if you don't mind!'
Mum says, 'Go on then! We have some shaving to do.' Dad frowns and leaves. 'Vita, let's do it here. I will lie on the table and give you access to do your thing.'
Oh, dear, she didn't forget. She will have her cake and eat it. Well, it just involves me staring at her cunt for five, ten minutes.
'What do we need? A small pair of scissors or a buzzer? Your dad has one of those to trim his beard, let's get both, then we'll wet-shave, so we need fresh safety razor, some shaving foam, a bowl of warm water, a towel... That should be it.'
'Bring some baby-oil too, mum, as the poor skin will need soothing if you have never shaved there before.'
'Good point! I'll be right back.'
Mum dashes upstairs. I look at her go, her tits bobbing away. I prepare a bowl with hot water and wait until mum comes down with the set of tools.
--------------------
Mum lies down on the kitchen table, legs in the traditional fuck-me position. She slides back and forth a bit, to get comfortable and allow me easy access. I will sit on the chair between her feet or on my knees on the floor - will likely alternate between the two.
So, here we have my mum, with open legs and open sex, so exposed. I am looking at my origins. The origins of the world. Maybe it is actually a good thing, me looking at it. An opportunity to bond. Who or what has caused it to be a taboo thing?
So, I look at her sex, bend forward and happen to smell it again...
I comment, 'Your sex is so different to mine. The labia minora are more pronounced, but then I guess mine are modest. I like your puffy outer lips, but then I guess you are aroused.
'Oh dear, mum, do I have to see you aroused? Don't answer. I know and accept that you are a woman, in every sense. Perhaps that should make me happy, more than anything else, that we share the joys of sex.'
'Vita, I just don't know what I am feeling. I am in turmoil. I am trying not to be embarrassed. Tell me, am I really aroused?', she replies softly.
'I will sure you are, mum! Can't you tell?'
I stroke her labia, starting with a feather's touch, ever increasing the pressure... Her slit opens gradually and I insert my finger and slide it in and out... I offer her my finger and she licks it... I take the second myself. Is that allowed?
'You see, you are wet now, mum. I know this taste. So, yes, you are aroused. Time to stop stimulating you now. Perhaps when we are done... If you will have been a good girl...'
I decide on using the scissors rather than the buzzer, as it involves just me, not a cold noisy machine. I take the first tuft of her pubic hair and move in with these mighty sharp scissors, I hold my breath and 'snap', I cut. And I cut and cut and cut. I pinch her just once - 'Ouch'. A bright red speck of her blood shows. 'Oh, I am so sorry!' 'That's okay. Try not to do it again, though...' I halt and watch it slowly grow into a drop, which falls suddenly flows down... I grab a tissue and stem the breach. Within a minute, the damage is limited and I proceed. More carefully now, I continue my cutting and cutting, the mound, the vulva, the groin, the perineum... (her anus...) until all long hairs are gone. Belt and braces, I revisit the whole area with the buzzer, slowly and carefully, to further shorten the hairs and catch a few stray ones.
As the penultimate step, I soap up her pubic area and shave the lot, again carefully pulling her labia apart and stretching the skin to allow a safe shave. I have her sit on the table on hands and knees in order to properly shave her perineum. Her anus and cunt in my face! This gives me a mixture of conflicting feelings - I love the intimacy with a fellow creature but have not shaken the primeval feeling that you shouldn't look at your mother this way!
A whirlwind of emotions that have no names. But the storm abates.
The procedure closes with liberally oiling the area, to prevent razor burn.
'Mum, you are bare like a baby girl. You last had no hair there when you were younger by, what, forty years.'
She gets off the table and hugs me, naked body to naked body.
'Thank you, Vita. It felt good to have you do this intimate task. It felt right, too... I guess, because we are mother and daughter... Not sure if it would have felt right if your father had done it... If one thing it would surely have felt like foreplay.
'Though... we know I got aroused anyway, I guess, because it simply concerned an erogenous zone... Anyway, I enjoyed it...
'Now, let's go upstairs to the big mirror in the bedroom. I want to see what we have achieved.'
We dash upstairs, into her bedroom and stand before the mirror.
'Yes, you are right, I have not been without hair since... I vaguely remember the first time I stood in front of my bedroom mirror when I was eleven or so and considered the first hairs sprouting. Before highschool in any case. Suddenly, they were there. Nice, though, to be bare. I like it. A return to innocence in a way... I was proud of my first hairs though. When you are young, you want to mature.'
'I know. I will keep mine, if you don't mind. A bush you can vary, wear it bigger or smaller, shaped or natural, long or trimmed, dyed or not... It is a means of self-expression.'
We have to giggle.
'For an exhibitionist this is more of an issue than for a vanilla person, whose bush would only be seen by oneself and a lover or lovers.'
'Good point. I will see. I don't have to decide to keep shaving or not.'
I hear the doorbell ring. Jess...
---------------------
The first time I open the door of my childhood home in the buff. With my hand on the door handle, the possibility that the ringer is a delivery man or a neighbour flashes before me...
But no, it is Jessica alright. (Shame! But I love to see her.)
'Vita, what are you doing? Still nude from yesterday?'
'Yes, Jess, I am. But a lot has happened and...'
My mum comes and joins me at the door. Jessica starts...
'Mrs. (...), is my visit inconveniencing you?'
'No, no, on the contrary, I am so happy to see you! It's been years. You look good.' She steps forward to hug Jessica. My dressed friend Jessica and my nude mum are hugging just outside the front door.
'What is going on, Vita and Mrs. (...)? Well, you look good too! The fact that you are a mature woman... No, you look good, full stop. You still have it, whatever 'it' means. But, hey, it looks like Vita has converted you...'
'Yes, she has indeed. I was up when she and her gang arrived at our doorstep. I was shocked to see my daughter nude out on the street. Anyway, to make a long story short, the truth leaked out, they all told me what had happened at your reunion and on the way home. Hazel, Erica, Sarah all stripped naked, Rick also, and, naturally, my Vita stayed naked. We studied each other's sexes, we masturbated together and the whole thing was a nice and intimate affair. Outrageous too. And satisfying...
'The upshot is this: we plan to make this a nude household. That is: I plan to. Details to be worked out...
'Needless to say, you are invited to join us. I know you are not shy, as you went - what did you call it? - without bottom all the way to your house, so I'd be most pleased...'
Jessica looks at me, back at mum and then at the floor. Turning her gaze firmly to mum again, she replies, in chipper voice, 'You masturbated together, wow! Wish I'd been there. In any case, I might as well join you in the nude... Let's have fun! But as I see your immaculately shaven mound, I have to warn you... My bush was yesterday described as wild. So, be prepared...'
Jessica hasn't come in yet, but she really gets into the nude household idea - by extending the territory to the doorstep: she sheds her shoes, jeans, sweatshirt, T-shirt, (no bra,) socks and white cottons and leaves the lot on the doormat, before she steps over the threshold and enters.
Mum laughs, 'Welcome, Jessica. You are a trooper. Still. As you already were a trooper back in the days... I remember...' (Not sure what she remembers... I didn't explicitly notice, but I was innocent then...)
She closes the door, leaving Jessica's clothes outside. The game is on!
When we get to the kitchen and mum has made us all a cup of coffee, she poses the question, 'Can I look at your sex too? I already saw those of all the other partygoers...'
Jessica laughs out loud, 'You are worse than your daughter! Who would have thought? But, hell, why not? If we can find it in my bush... Good thing I just came out of the shower.'
She gets up and stands next to mum's chair, who swivels round to face Jessica. By now a most familiar act plays out, dear reader. Jess ruffles through the delightful black mess that is her pubic hair and locates her labia. She pulls them apart. Mum leans over and moves her face to within a foot of Jess' sex.
'I am becoming a gynaecologist fast! Your hood stands out, in the sense that it unequivocally hides your clitoris. Beautiful... And your pubic hair, whatever can be done with pubic hair as such can be done with yours... Shave it in a pattern, dye it, whatever... I love your bush.
'Thank you, Jessica. I appreciate your opening up like this. Sharing your sex, if you will. Unprepared...'
'Unprepared? Don't know about that. Vita has unleashed a revolution, methinks. She has pulled you and me, Hazel perhaps, well into a new direction. And whoever else... Good or bad I don't know... Well, I do... I feel that, as long as we contain the monster, we will grow, experience growth.'
'Good point and I expect you are right. But as you say, something has changed. This house will be nude household. As I said, details have to be worked out... Will I lose friends, will I lose female friends, male...? How high should I raise the stakes? I am thinking of my neighbours too...'
I say, 'Mum, I suggest you try to walk before you can run. Not confront everyone and anyone with your nudity from day 1.'
Jessica has seen the shaving materials on the kitchen counter. She says, 'Now, before we masturbate together...' What? '... let me trim my pubic hair a bit.'
Mum laughs and says, 'A nude household, but also a masturbation society? Sure, let's do it... Shall I buzz you first?'
'That would be great, thanks. Not too short... setting 5 mm please.'
And I witness Jessica lying on the edge of the kitchen table, in the now familiar fuck-me position, mum sitting between her legs, like a midwife almost, and methodically and slowly trim Jess' mighty bush.
Dad pops in and out for a minute, to make himself a cuppa, and excuses himself from 'this intimate woman-to-woman affair in a new world order', with a smile.
Jessica wildest and densest bush is soon civilised. Her sex is thus revealed for the first time, to me at least. Nice! It is a privilege.
After thanking mum, Jessica slides off the table and we each take a chair around the table. We take up slumping positions and without any further talking start stimulating ourselves. I see two topless tops above the table, one hand each on the table and the other somewhere underneath. My partners will see me similarly, one hand doing some obscure business - I know what my hidden hand is doing... Hush... In the early phases our gazes do meet. I am not sure what these gazes express. We are staring, I think, we are introverted. I, no... we close our eyes... Yet our subconsciousnesses are linked, I think. I think I feel the energies of the others supporting my extremely slow and gentle undulating rise towards Triple Peaks, where we will die and at the same time get reborn. I am vaguely aware of my partners in crime starting to make noises: sighs, moans, whispers, sighs, sweet cries, moans, throaty cries, sighs, guttural outbursts... I am vaguely aware of me making such noises myself as I climb towards my peak... peaks plural...
All is quiet...
Mum is the first to gently break the silence... 'Vita, Jessica...'
We open our eyes and look at one fellow-woman first and then at the other. And smile sweetly.
Mum continues, 'Guys... This was communion. There is no other word for it. I am sure you felt it too. I am sure. Thank you.'
We nod in the affirmative.
'I will make us some more tea.'
Mum gets up. She is naked. That is absolutely fine. Almost necessary now.
'You know, I feel I never want to get dressed again, go back to stark objective reality. I know we have to, eventually. If only we could be permanently nude... Or at least when we want to be nude...'
--------------------.---
So, inevitably, Jess, mum and I start musing about what it means to be naked. What it would be like to be always naked. Anytime, anywhere.
I start a bit of a monologue, 'The thing is this. As you know, I am not a nudist, but, rather, I am an exhibitionist. Can't emphasise this enough. The difference between me being a nudist and an exhibitionist is that my nudity generally has sexual connotations. I confess. That doesn't mean I am aware of my sexuality every second and would always be in the mood to masturbate. But I am aware often and when I am aware, my vibes are sexual. And I do frequently masturbate.
'I like so show off my body. I like to show it off in inappropriate places. I am beginning to do that. As you have noticed.
'Of course, I wouldn't expect to show off anywhere all the time, because I don't care to upset people all the time, whether they hide behind awkward moral frameworks or behind the vulnerability of their children, and certainly don't care to get arrested. Or raped (defined as: sexually treated against one's will, non-consensual.)'
Mum, 'Right, safety first. Be careful first, young lady.'
'Of course, mum. I will be safe, but there are no guarantees regardless, attractively dressed or nude.
'In any case, at some level, I'd like to be naked anywhere all the time. I like to be lusted after. And admired and praised. At some level, I also like to be seen as 'fuckmeat', like to be judged, or even degraded and humiliated. I know that sounds strange, to want to be humiliated. It is a paradox, to be proud and happy to be humiliated. Still need to explore humiliation...
Mum, 'But you are beautiful and intelligent. Who would humiliate you?'
'Precisely because I would be naked inappropriately, I guess, therefore a slut and whore, a cheap and stupid wench... At some level I am a slut, mum!
'So, I have thought, wouldn't it be wild if nudity in public were legal? So that I can naked anywhere and anytime. Legalise nudity!
'To clarify one thing - I am not calling for sex in public to be legalised. I appreciate that some people will be hurt by the sight. Traumatised. Children, I guess. Adolescents, more to the point perhaps. I especially don't want to trigger those inclined to rape others, or me. I don't want to be raped, don't want others to get raped either. (In scene life there is such a thing as being 'raped' consensually, as part of a general agreement. I am talking about non-consensual rape. But I am aware of the pitfalls here, in post-#MeToo times...)
'When I was a student, at home I was naked two-thirds of the time, including when I received visitors or had a party. If it was too cold, I wore a loose little thing, on oversized T-shirt or something.'
Mum, 'A nude household, who would have thought? I now imagine you were nude all the times when you called home to catch up on things.'
'Mum, you are spot on. But I behaved. I wasn't playing with myself when we spoke.
'Anyway... I started work, became an adult and had a professional reputation to maintain. So I stopped entertaining in the nude, full stop. I am thinking that perhaps I should let the reins relax a bit and return to form. And have a nude household too. Will have to think how and where, work out the details, as you said yourself.
'Nude at home is fine, but only the humble first step of where I dream of going, of being an exhibitionist. To be naked at inappropriate places and times.'
Jessica says, 'Maybe I can help. I have a visual artist friend where I live, a woman who focuses on woman and her body. What she is trying to do is, I quote, "reclaim the body from male oriented advertising and porn" etc. We have discussed her introducing a performance art element. She has resisted the idea, because she thinks it will weaken what she is trying to achieve. In fact, she used the phrase 'exhibitionist.' She doesn't want to be seen as an exhibitionist who uses art as an excuse to show off. Plus, she is not that self-assured, not that comfortable with her body. She is shy. But perhaps, Vita, I can suggest you to her. Perhaps, you and she can work out something that supports her aim and yours. I won't describe you as an exhibitionist of course, but as a nude model.'
Mum suggests, 'Great! If she needs two models, let me know as well. I am an older woman, less fresh and tight, but that may be an interesting element she wants to work with too. Depending on the mood, you may or may not let her know that you have a daughter and mother on offer.'
I smile and say, 'Jessica, you are a lawyer, would there be any loophole in the constitution, an opportunity, which would support a case of demanding the right to be permanently nude, anywhere and anytime? In the streets, in the shops, in bars and restaurants, at events? I would be interested to find out if the feelings wear off, both the positive - the sexual charge - and the negative - the humiliation and embarrassment.'
Jessica says, 'I imagine if the law would allow nudity it would still forbid sexual behaviour in public, as Vita rightly suggested. I think that is right. But what would be the limit? If the limits would be very restrictive would it still be fun and exciting? This can only be tested by trial and error. See what the judges allow and not.'
She muses along and suggests, 'Nudity is generally prohibited under the banner of disorderly conduct or indecent exposure. But I am thinking... Could it be done as an art project? If someone made her life a long (life-long...) art performance? Her audience could follow her over the years, see her age, be comfortable most of the time, or at other times embarrassed, or instead provoke? I don't think this has quite been done before.
'I scoured the internet about public nudity. Spain is said to have no law against public nudity, except Barcelona of all places. Canada is tolerant. New Zealand. There are precedents... There is an endless wealth of information available on public nudity on forums, but mostly without citations, let alone references to specific cases. Certainly, as we noted already, a distinction is made between public nudity and sex in public. That would include masturbation, I'd think. In private, controlled places with security doormen, during ditto events, anything may go, who knows? Not in Russia evidently... Or China. But Germany should be relaxed... And France? And The Netherlands?
'Is there a chance that such an artist would be allowed to practice? Under conditions of not engaging in sexual acts? As a lawyer, I'd be game to help test the boundaries and fight her corner.'
Is she referring to me? I look at her and point at myself.
'Yes, Vita, you could pose as this artist, if you really would want to do this. Could you double as business consultant and nude artist? That would be something. I imagine that your company will have the right to allow you to be nude at work. They may have the obligation to pre-warn people who may come into contact with you. Or maybe not. I'd have to do some research.'
She continues, 'Clothes were invented, so common sense tells us, to shield us from the cold. Yes. In warmer climes, the purpose would be the reverse. Nomads in the Sahara wear black loose-fitting clothes. Shielding from the sun, not from shame. Also, shielding from insects etc. I guess that people by necessity covering up some of the time will have led to them having to cover themselves all of the time. When was nudity sexualised? I am curious to know whether there is literature on the subject. We'd have to check. The final blow will have been moral, religious impulses to forbid public nudity since the Middle Ages or so. In the eyes of priests and imams, nudity equals sex. Non-sexual nudity, does it currently exist? Good clean nudism? If it doesn't, can we convince the public and the judges that nudity can be non-sexual? If so, why not public nudity? Would it be a sustainable thought that nudity being allowed as a rule, exceptions excepted? I am rambling... The subject is so rich!
'To get back to nudity in the name of art, if you were allowed to, likely you'd have to promise to behave and not engage in lewd behaviour, especially in public and where children may be. Maybe children would be OK, if you'd just be a nudist-artist and behave 'naturally.' That is likely to be a limitation, to not be lewd.'
I say, 'I wonder what is lewd? How far can it be stretched? I would want to radiate my sexuality if the mood takes me. Maybe every artist, every actor and performer surely, is an exhibitionist. Quite possibly. Maybe I'm getting carried away. But maybe that is part of what I am doing here: self-discovery. And be a trailblazer, perhaps.
'I could write a project plan, with your help, Jessica, and lobby at the relevant government desks. Education, women's rights - to help non-sexualise nudity, you and I could give lectures - mum too, she would be an asset - visit schools, do more performances like this, minus the masturbations. What could I do? Could I offer to have my breasts and vulva inspected at schools? For educational purposes. Probably a bridge too far!
'As that artist you were conjuring up just now, I could be a free nude model at art schools or amateur collectives? I could be a nude waitress at museums, private galleries. Or regularly appear in either. I know there are precedents in this vein. At private parties I could no doubt perform.
'The risk is making a fool of myself and losing my reputation, my dignity, my career, my friendships. But there is potential gain: self-discovery, increased pride, new friendships and alliances.'
I sigh and say, 'My head is spinning. We have covered the world and need to focus. Let's pause. I will be in touch with you, Jessica and mum, and see where we can take this. I am excited.'
Mum serves another cup of tea and we revert back to talking about everyday things, love, work, books, clothes, music... Then Jessica excuses herself, so as to be in time for a final dinner with her folks before she zooms off home again tomorrow.
Our goodbyes are full of anticipation. Has her life changed too? Will she get in touch with her artist-friend and successfully offer us to her? On her part she is just as keen to hear about how our nude household will develop and what adventures will come along.
Our relationship has been deepened.
--------------------------

Venise video No. 8 - Nude in the streets

James texts that he needs more time to produce the Venise-nude-in-public video.One, the footage is endless, in terms of photo stills and videos. ButTwo, he needs to make sure that the faces of the others don't feature. That is: without having to blur faces, which isn't great, or as little as possible. But he has great footage of me naked in public, at school and on the way home.
I hope it will make the viewers feel that they are the ones in my shoes - the highest form of connection between model and audience.
----------------------
Here ends Part 3. But there should be a Part 4.
There, we will see how the nude household comes along, whether in fact there would be more than one such household...
We will see if Vita, or Vita and her mum, will support Jessica's artist friend by performing nude for her.
We might read more about the possibility of living permanently nude, in the name of art or otherwise.
Or if Vita, or Jessica herself, will dare solicit the right to work nude in her office.
There is more to come! Godess Venise will ride again!