My daughter Hannah was coming home from college, having just graduated at the top of her class with a degree in microbiology. Hannah finished her Bachelor’s program in just 2 years, having taken all of her general college classes while still in high school. A few months ago, my wife Jennifer (Jen to me, and Jenny to our friends) and I had convinced her to go on one more family vacation with us, before heading back to begin her Master’s program. Going all in, we planned a few days in Athens, Greece, followed by a 2-week cruise of the Mediterranean. The plan was to meet her at the airport and head right out on our vacation. Unfortunately, as with the best laid plans...
MONDAY MID-DAY
TUSCON, AZ
Out of the blue, just 2 days before we’re set to leave, Jen tells me that she needs to make some last-minute changes to our plans.
“Sorry, Dave. I need to fly down to Miami with Charles, to have a sit-down with the CEO of a company we’re acquiring. He’s balking at including 100% of his IP as part of the final deal, so I won’t be here on Wednesday to leave with you and Hannah.”
Charles is her CFO, a huge ex-football player. He busted up his right knee so badly in his first season as a pro, that he went right back to his alma mater for his Masters in Finance, and later to Columbia for a PhD in Economics.
“I’ll pack for the vacation before I leave this afternoon, so you can bring my luggage with you to Athens. I’ll be fine with an overnight bag for just my business clothes on this trip. I can head to Athens out of Miami late Friday night, and catch up with you Saturday evening. I know you want us all together, but this’ll give you a few days with Hannah to catch up. You two got pretty distant when she became a teenager, and it hasn’t really improved since. This could be a great opportunity to reconnect, find some common interests to share, spend some quality time together. I hope you understand!”
“Of course I understand. I knew when I decided to marry a powerful, corporate executive that there would be sacrifices...”
Jen had her usual dead-pan expression in response to my unique sense of humor. “Hmm, when YOU decided, huh? Seems to me that I was the one who decided you’d make great arm candy for me.”
Jen’s the REAL arm candy. She’s 5’ 11”(she gets her height from her Dad) and in perfect shape, her hips curvy without being in any way flabby. Her abs are lean and defined, her hair raven black, her skin tone like that of her mother, from southern Italy. Her tits are just freakin’ amazing! 34D with fat, ½” nipples and almost no sag, even at 43. Actually, the little bit of sag she’s acquired as she’s aged has actually enhanced the seductiveness of her chest. They were almost TOO perky when we were in college, as if they were fake, which they most definitely aren’t.
“That’s what I meant, of course,” I reply, smirking. I love my role as the “kept man”, holding down the fort at home while my wife is off conquering the corporate world. Leaving behind my own profession, as an architect 3 years ago, had been easier than I’d thought it would be. I really don’t miss it much at all. Of course, as a “kept man”, I feel it’s my duty to be respectable “arm candy” for my CEO wife, so I spend A LOT of time at the gym, keeping my 6’ 2” frame lean and tight. My wife rolls her eyes, pretending that my humor is lost on her; but the truth is that she is one of the few people who actually gets me.
“And I’m not at all nervous at the thought of spending almost three days alone with my teenage daughter, so don’t you worry about me! Does she still like Chuck-E-Cheese’s?”
“She’s almost 20, Pops! Just pretend you’re with me and I’m sure you’ll be fine!”
“Woah, there. I can’t pretend she’s you, she’s our daughter,” I smirk. “Every time I see you, I undress you with my eyes, lewd thoughts coursing through my mind!”
“Oh, yeah?” Jen responds, her voice turning sultry and flirty. “Exactly what lewd thoughts are coursing through that horny little brain of yours that would not be appropriate for our daughter?”
“Right now, I’m thinking about pushing you down over this couch, ripping off your panties, and fucking you from behind,” I respond calmly, as if discussing the weather. I can’t keep a straight face and break into a grin.
“You are, are you? Well I see one flaw in your plan,” Jen tells me as she kicks off of her high-heels and steps up to me. Leaning in and grabbing my crotch, she whispers in my ear: “It’s not that time of the month.”
Other than during her monthly cycle, Jen has never worn underwear of any kind as long as I’ve known her. She hates the snug feel of it, I guess. No bras, ever. At work, she always wears a blazer over her blouse or a sweater, to keep her girls from saying “Hi” to everyone in the office.
It’s her mom Elaine’s fault, really. That woman has no use for underwear, or modesty. I’d have to be so careful every time we were over there to announce ourselves and be careful walking by the bathroom door, which would invariably be open. Elaine didn’t believe in anyone in her home hogging the bathroom to themselves. Plus she was, and is, a total exhibitionist. If someone was using the shower, which had a clear glass door btw, why shouldn’t the toilet be available to someone else, or vice versa, she rationalized. Even with being careful to make sure she knew we were here, if she was in the shower when we arrived, she had no problem walking out of the bathroom and out to the living to greet us buck-naked, only then going to put something on afterwards. She feels it’s inconsiderate to not greet family as soon as you are aware of their arrival in your home. I call BS. What it is, is AWKWARD. It was particularly awkward when we first started dating, because Elaine is smokin’ hot for an older woman, still is. I’d get a chubby every time we were over there for the first year, and I’m a shower, not a grower, so a chubby is already most of the way to a full-on erection.
Here’s my best story about Elaine and us....no shit...really:
Once, and this TOTALLY blew my mind, she walked into the bathroom while I was in the shower, and proceeded to shave her pussy at the sink, giving me an absolutely complete view. She didn’t even shut the door, nor say a word, just went to work on the short fuzz around her snatch. I just stood there, staring in shock. After a few minutes, Jen walked by, also naked with a towel wrapped around her head, noticed her mother, and heard the shower running. She walked in, saw me in the shower with an absolutely moronic look on my face, and berated her mom.
“What the hell, Mom? Really? Shaving your twat in front of Dave? Seriously? His dick’s so hard it looks like it might break!”
I looked down and, sure enough, I was at full mast. I’d been so fascinated by this hot older woman shaving her dangly-lipped snatch that I hadn’t even noticed my physical arousal.
“Well, maybe he should put it to use before it does,” Elaine replied smoothly, a wicked grin playing on her lips.
“Do not even THINK about fucking my fiancé, Mom. God! Doesn’t Dad fuck you like...at least every other day? That should be enough, even for you.”
“Mmmm, sure. Your father’s great, an animal in the sack. But VARIETY is the spice of life...or so I hear. Elaine grinned as she focused on my cock.
“Again, Not fucking Dave, Mom.”
“Fine, then you fuck him. He clearly needs it.”
“Jesus, Mom! Just finish up, and I’ll take care of Dave.”
“Why wait? I’m not stopping you; and I’ve got a ways to go. Need to be careful shaving around my inner labia.”
“God, Mom! You would suggest such a thing! And with you, I can’t really tell if you’re serious or just fucking with me.”
Elaine just grinned and went back to shaving.
“Fine!” Jen barked. “We’ll see just how voyeuristic you really are, MOTHER...Dave, get out here NOW.
I stepped out of the shower as Jen moved over to the toilet, leaned over at her waist and placed her hands flat on the seat cover, her ass jutting up towards me.
“Mother, would you mind moving over a bit?”
Elaine actually looked a bit surprised, but moved over a few inches.
I took a half-step out of the shower and just stared.
Jen looked back at me over her shoulder.
“What are waiting for, Stud? Fuck your fiancé good and hard for Elaine’s entertainment.” Turning to her mom, she quipped, venom in her voice, “Enjoy the show, MOTHER.”
“Seriously?” I squeaked, my throat suddenly dry.
“Right this fucking second” Jen hissed. “Stick that fuck-tool in a hole, NOW.”
I stepped in behind her, grabbed my cock, and rubbed the head back and forth between her slit. Angry or not, Jen was extremely turned on. Her pussy was practically dripping with girl juice. After a few quick swipes to lube up my head, I slid it in, watching Elaine out of the corner of my eye as I tried to focus on beginning a slow fuck of Jen. Elaine had stopped shaving, her eyes glued to my cock plowing her daughter’s pussy. I started getting a rhythm going and picked up my pace. Jen began to moan and rock back into me.
After several minutes, Jen tuned to look at her mother, glassy eyed.
“Is this what you wanted to see, ummph, Mom?” she asked her as she moaned involuntarily.
I was really fucking her hard at this point, pulling almost all of the way out and then slamming my cock home, filling her sloppy-wet cunt.
“I didn’t WANT to see anything,” Elaine replied, trying to look calm, like she really didn’t care, but failing.
Her chest was flushed crimson, her nipples hard as little pebbles, he own pussy inflamed and obviously moist.
“Yes, I can see that this clearly isn’t affecting you,” Jen retorted sarcastically.
“Come on, Honey,” Jen gasped as she began to frig her clit. “I really need to come also, now. Let’s give mother dear a real show. Put it in my ass,” she panted.
“Uh, really?” I replied, not as shocked as I should have been. I think I was pretty much beyond shock at that point.
“Really. I need to cum and I want to cum...mmmm...hard. Me working my clit while you fill my ass always sends me over the fucking moon. Forget about my mom. Just focus on me. Get me off, Baby.”
I grabbed my pussy juice slicked cock as I pulled it free of Jen’s cunt, aimed it an inch higher, and plunged it into Jen’s sweaty ass, bottoming out on the first thrust.
Jen squealed in surprise and delight, her fingers flying over her engorged clit.
“Oh, yea. God! Shiit! That’s it, Baby. Fuck that ass. Own that ass!”
I slammed into Jen’s ass over and over, pulling back on her hips to keep her from wacking her head into the toilet. It was a lot of work; but Jen was going insane with her building orgasm, and my balls were about to flood her bowels. I turned my gaze to Elaine, who had put down the razor at some point and now had one hand plowing her own fuck-hole and the other frigging her clit, her eyes never straying from the sight of my meatstick plowing her daughter’s ass. Soon, Jen’s dam broke and her orgasm crashed over her, clamping her asshole down on my dick, pulling me over the edge as I was pulling back at that moment. I quickly reversed direct and buried my cock up her ass, blowing my seed deep within her.
After another minute to calm down, I collapsed my upper body on top of her, both of her hands back on the toilet cover taking most of our upper body weight. I reached around and fondled her breasts, playing with her nipples, which I knew she liked after cumming. Jen took a deep breath and stood up, turning to face her mother, my dick still firmly up her ass. She held my hands in place on her tits.
“So what do you think...MOM? Enjoy the show?”
Elaine just looked at her daughter, her mouth agape and her hands still working her pussy to orgasm.
“One...second....Dear,” she stuttered out, then moaned.
“Ohhhhahhhhhh!!!” she cried as her own orgasm found release. “Oh, FUCK, that was...wow!”
After a several more minutes during which Elaine calmed down and Jen calmly ground her ass into my cock, Elaine regained the ability to speak.
“Jesus, daughter, you really showed me something there.” She gushed, her hands now caressing her own nipples in her post-orgasmic flush. (Like mother, like daughter, I guess.)
“Yes, well, it will NEVER happen again,” Jen retorted, taking my hands from her chest and stepping away from me, my cock popping out of her ass. Looking at me, she noted, “I think you need another shower.”
I stepped back into the shower, the water still running. I got under the stream and began to rinse the sweat off my body and clean my dick, stroking it at the same time.
Jen turned towards the door, stopped at the threshold, grabbed both ass-cheeks and spread them as she squatted a bit. A huge glob of my spunk fell out of her ass onto the tile floor. She then stood up straight and looked over her should her at her mom with a challenging look. Then she just left, heading towards our room, probably for another shower of her own.
I looked at the puddle of spunk on the floor, and then turned to Elaine, not knowing what to say.
Elaine looked torn, and conflicted, one hand still playing with one of her nipples, the other back in her snatch, plunging two fingers in and out, running them over her clit each time they were out. My cock got hard again with the sight and my stroking it. Elaine noticed, and made a decision. She stooped over and scooped up my jizz with both hands, dividing it rather equally between both hands, rubbing her fingers through it and smiling, looking at me.
Never taking her eyes off of me, she brought one hand up to her chest and began rubbing my spunk all over her tits, while the other hand went to her cunt and rubbed it over her mound and then shoved some up her cunt. She finger-banged her cooch ferociously with her cum-slicked hand, pulling on her nipples roughly with the other.
I started jacking off in the shower, watching, mesmerized. I couldn’t help myself. I’d just unloaded in Jen’s ass literally minutes before; but I could feel my balls boiling with another load. After just a few more minutes, Elaine cried out as her second orgasm crashed over her. The sight and sounds sent me over the edge, my cock spurting yet another copious amount of spunk directly at Elaine. It splashed onto her tits, belly, and pussy.
She grinned and cried out in ecstasy, spreading it all over her upper body, and then licking her fingers clean.
“Now I need a shower,” Elaine said, walking into the shower with me still in it.
She nudged me aside and stepped under the showerhead, letting it cascade down her body, rinsing her clean. I just stood there, my cock still in my hand, dripping cum, shocked once again.
“Once finished, she stepped out, grabbed a towel, and began to dry off, making sure to face me the entire time, making sure a got a good view of her drying all of her ladybits.
“Maybe I can’t fuck you; but that was almost as good...maybe better, actually,” she grinned evilly. “I haven’t cum that hard in quite awhile. Thanks, Dave. TTFN,” she finished as she replaced the towel on the bar, turned and walked out.
“Guess I’ll have to finish my shave later,” she called back over her shoulder. “Right now, this old gal needs a nap!” she chuckled.
So that’s my story. I know it’s detailed and seems too incredible to be true; but it is. It WAS so incredible; and it’s burned into my memory, every second of it. Jen and I had quite the bizarre conversation about it afterwards; but that’s another whole story...almost.
Anyway, after that, I got used to her antics. Nothing else that ever happened with us in that house even remotely compared to that...event. And she’s still fucking smokin’ hot, that woman. It’s like she doesn’t age, or at least not much. Her body looks like she’s MAYBE 40, not around 60 that she must be. Not exactly sure how old Jen’s parents are, actually.
But back to family history. Her parents, her dad’s name is George, had Jen while they were still in high school, got married right after they graduated. They were both pretty blasé about nudity and sex around the house; but George changed his tune once Jen came along. Didn’t want to scar her, or risk a run-in with Family Services. Elaine, on the other hand, had no problem parading around their home nude, getting dressed when she was good and ready for the day. With Jen being a girl and their only child, she saw no reason to change her ways.
A broad grin spreading on my face, I tip her face to mine and kiss her, long and deep.
“I know that; but sometimes I wish you would just so I could rip them off you!”
She giggles.
Then, grabbing her by her hips, I spin her around and reach under her arms, grabbing her firm breasts and fondling them roughly, tweaking her nipples through the fabric of her blouse. She backs into me, her left hand reaching back and cradling the back of my head. Her right hand snakes down to my waist and into my pants, grasping my semi-rigid cock. She begins to stroke it as I unbutton her blouse. She reaches lower and gives my balls a squeeze, beginning to moan. I pinch her nipples roughly and whisper hoarsely into her ear.
“What does my little vixen want me to do to her first?” I ask, rolling a nipple in my left hand while sliding my right down to her pussy. Hiking up her skirt, I find her hairless pussy is already moist.
“I don’t know, Daddy, what would you like to do to your little girl?”
Jill twists around enough to look in my eyes, a devilish look on her own.
“Well...DADDY?”
The stress she puts on “Daddy” makes me wonder if she’s role playing, which we haven’t done in quite a while. If so, wow! What’s got her so cranked up and kinky? If not, I’m wrong and I go with it, I’m going to be in a world of hurt. All of this goes through my mind in an instant. But in the moment, I can’t resist going with my gut. I’m too turned on (by my wife, not my daughter); and my fuckmeat is sooo ready for action.
“Now Hannah, you know what I’ve told you about not teasing your father,” I scold my wife. “You will have to be punished.”
“I’m so sorry, Daddy,” she replies plaintively, bending over. “Do I deserve a spanking?”
Bent over, she flips her skirt up over her lower back, exposing her gorgeous ass to my hungry eyes.
“Yes, you do!” I bark at her, playing the indignant father. “But it’s not your beautiful ass that I’m going to spank. Take off your skirt.”
“My skirt?” Jen asks shyly, looking back at me. “Why Daddy, that seems VERY inappropriate.”
“Do what you’re told,” I reply sternly.
Straightening back up and turning towards me, she slowly pushes her skirt down over her hips. As I watch her, I push my shorts and underwear off and begin stroking my cock, now at full attention.
“Wow, Daddy, you have a really big cock! But I don’t think I should be seeing you do that. I am your little girl, after all.”
“Don’t talk back!” I bark. “Daddy is very disappointed with you, and must teach you a lesson; so do what you’re told without complaint or comment.”
Jen’s skirt drops to the floor and she looks up from my cock to my eyes. “Yes, Daddy.”
Continuing to stroke my cock, I point at the couch behind Jill.
“Sit up on the back of the couch.”
As I approach her, a lascivious grin on my face, I let my eyes roam over her body.
“Take off your blouse. It isn’t covering anything anymore anyway.”
Jen complies, tweaking her nipples as she shrugs off her remaining item of clothing.
Reaching around her waist, I place one hand on her lower back to support her weight. With the other, I gently push her back onto the couch, head and shoulders resting on the center seat cushion, and her ass and legs up on top of the back cushions. She looks up at me, past the length of her body, smiling.
“I am not offended by your bare ass. It is your tight, pouty pussy that you should have kept covered up; and it is your pussy that will receive the spanking.”
“Oh, Daddy!” Jill gushes, her face blushing and her pussy quickly turning red as it engorges with blood, her clit beginning to protrude. “I HAVE been a bad girl. I do need to be punished!”
Leaning over her, I run my hands over her body, starting at her tits and letting my fingers drift down to her hips and legs. Once on her thighs, I spread her legs wide, opening her ready pussy to my hungry gaze. Raising my right hand, I try a first, tentative slap down onto her cunt. There’s no real sound of a smack, but Jill gasps slightly nonetheless.
I leave my hand resting on Jill’s mound, savoring the heat warming my hand.
“Oh, Daddy. I don’t think you’re REALLY angry with me. That was no spanking at all, just a little love tap!”
Looking into my wife’s eyes and grinning, I raise my hand again.
“Are you questioning me, Daughter?” I reply in a demanding voice, bringing my hand down onto her pussy with much more force this time.
And this time, there is an audible SMACK. I spanked her pussy harder than I’d intended. Jill cries out, shocked.
“Shit! I’m sorry, Jill!”
Jill is breathing hard, and doesn’t say anything for a few moments. After she recovers, she looks up at me.
“Jill? Mommy’s not here, Daddy,” Jill replies in a little girl voice. “It’s just you and me, and you’re rightly punishing me for my NAUGHTY behavior. But I’m not sure this is really punishment, Daddy. I think I kinda like it. I think I almost came when you spanked me that last time.”
My eyes are wide, shocked that my wife Is apparently into a bit of pain. We’d never explored that possible aspect of sex before, and we’ve explored ALOT of ground over the years. My cock is unbearably hard and beginning to leak precum. But I need to get back into character.
“This IS punishment, young lady. You are NOT to enjoy it!” I command, raising my hand for a third time and coming down hard, very hard, onto my wife’s now dripping cunt. The smack is loud, and squelchy; and Jill’s exclamation is even louder.
“OH MY GOD!!” she screams, grabbing her nipples and twisting them brutally.
My hand still on her pussy, I shift my weight onto my palm, grinding it into her pussy.
“Unggghhh!!!” Jill screams, her orgasm taking her, a hot flood covering my hand.
I hit her again, rubbing her mound after the smack. Jill screams out again.
“OH...YES...DADDY!!!” Jill yells out, reaching forward and grabbing my fuck stick. “I’ve got to have your cock in me now! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck your little girl!
Pulling me forward by my cock, Jill jams my thick tool into her dripping snatch. As I step in and bury all 8” in Jill’s sopping cunt, she grabs my arms and plants them on her hips.
“Fuck me hard, Daddy. Make your little girl cum again!” she demands as she goes back to torturing her engorged, tender nipples.
I fuck “Hannah” vigorously, but slowly, pulling almost all of the way out and then slamming my cock home, spanking her pussy with my own body as I bottom out. I have to hold onto Jill tightly so she doesn’t slide off the couch and off my dick. After only a couple dozen strokes or so, I can’t hold back any longer.
“Here comes Daddy’s load, Baby!” I yell, my oversized balls spasming, flooding my wife’s cunt with cum.
“Oh, God, yes!” Jill yells, rocking against my cock, her second orgasm taking her to nirvana.
Once we’re both spent and coming down, I collapse on top of her, exhausted.
“Where did THAT come from?” I ask her, my cock beginning to soften within her tight, warm pussy.
“Where did what come from?”
“The Hannah role-play. THAT was unexpected.”
“Oh, I don’t know. It just kind of came out in the moment. Didn’t you like it? Sure seemed like you did!”
“Oh, I liked it alright. It was fuckin’ awesome. I don’t think I’ve cum that hard since college.”
“Yea, I noticed. I’m weirdly kinda jealous of Hannah right now. I think you’d really like to fuck her!”
“Oh come on, Honey. Give me a break! It was just role-play. And it was your idea!”
“Don’t get defensive. I’m not judging. She is our daughter; but she’s also a tight piece of ass with a gorgeous pussy and amazing tits. And that skin! Where the hell did that alabaster skin come from? Not my southern Italian ancestry, that’s for sure. Must be from one of your Irish ancestors.”
“Christ, Honey! What a way to talk about our daughter!”
“What, you haven’t seen her naked in many, many years. Let me tell you. Our daughter is out-of-this-world HOT! I get so jealous when I see her in the locker-room shower at the gym, soaping up her tight, smooth pussy and firm C tits. Fucking youth, they have no idea how good they have it.”
“Sarah’s pussy is hairless also?” I ask, gulping roughly, my mouth suddenly dry at the graphic turn of the conversation.
“Of course. I took her to the laser place where I had mine removed when she graduated from high school. Kind of a private gift.”
“Wow! So much information. Too much to process!” I laugh, suddenly uncomfortable, my cock again growing firm in Jill’s pussy.
“Yea,” Jill chuckles, feeling me expand inside of her. “You’d fuck her in a heartbeat if she’d let you, and if I’d let you. Definitely.”
“Our little girl, not so little anymore, done with college even, at least her Bachelor’s,” I respond, not knowing what else to say, really.
“Speaking of college, you remember what we used to do to each other after fuck parties with our friends?”
I grin widely, a hot flush of embarrassment covering my cheeks, glad to change the subject away from Hannah.
“Yea, I remember. Man, I haven’t even thought about that in years. Why did we ever stop that?”
“Because we stopped fucking other people when we got married, you dope!”
“Yea, why did we do THAT?”
“That I’m not sure of anymore. It seemed like the sensible thing to do at the time, being loyal to the marital bed and all. We were 23 and had had our fun, sown our “wild oats”. And then Hannah came along, and it REALLY didn’t seem proper. But right now, I’d fuck the next guy I came across. Wouldn’t you like to stick that monster of yours in a pussy other than mine?”
“Are we really discussing this?”
“We can. Why not? We’re adults. And Hannah’s no longer a child, or even around much, except for school holidays. And we LOVED sex with sooo many incredible partners back in college. Remember 3 years ago, when you hurt your back at the gym? You were laid up for 3 weeks, and unable to perform your “husbandly duties”. You practically begged me to find someone to fuck me while you couldn’t. I admit that it was hard to go those 3 weeks without a cock plowing my cunt, being used to sex with you at least a couple of times a week. But it’d been so long since we shared ourselves like that, I just didn’t feel comfortable with the idea; though I did love you even more for thinking of me and putting it out there. Besides, that huge dildo you bought me more than satisfied me in your absence!...To be honest, within the first week of your forced abstinence, I was using it more than daily. My libido’s been in overdrive since!”
“Wow! When did you find the time? Certainly not when I was home. You’re, let’s say, vocal when you cum. No way I’d miss that happening daily. I only recall you using it maybe half-a-dozen times in bed at night during those 3 weeks.”
“Yes, well, my lunch hour turned into wolfing down a salad in 10 minutes in my office, and the next 50 spent in my private bathroom giving Bart a workout.” She giggles.
“Ha!” I laughed/choked out. “Never knew you named it. Bart, huh?...Wait a minute. You were climaxing in YOUR bathroom, the one I designed and had installed in your office?!”
“Yes, that’s why they call it a PRIVATE bathroom, duh.”
“And you weren’t concerned with anybody hearing you?”
“Of course not. I had both the bathroom and office room doors shut.”
“While I’m still surprised that your secretary Megan didn’t hear you, as loud as I know you to be...Um, Darling, you do realize that the reason that project was such a pain was that it’s not up against a “wet wall”, as in a wall full of plumbing pipes that can easily be tapped into, which all of the standard restrooms are. The other side of YOUR bathroom’s wall is the main conference room.”
“OH, GOD!!!” Jen fairly shrieks, her hands over her mouth.
“I can’t believe no one said anything to you,” I reply with a chuckle.
“Now it makes sense!” she exclaims. “Holy shit, this is bad!”
“What makes sense? What’s bad?”
“At some point during the first week Bart and I were getting acquainted, Megan stopped scheduling meetings in Conference01 during my lunch hour. Obviously I’m not in them. It’s generally the time my senior staff get together twice-a-week to prepare for our 3pm meeting to brief me on the same days...When I asked about the change, she got kind of dodgy and, now that I think about it, VERY red-in-the-face, and told me that Charles had decided to hold them in his office for awhile.”
“Ha, ha, ha!” I roar. “They TOTALLY heard you in there, moaning and screaming like a banshee!”
“THIS IS NOT FUNNY, DAVID! I have to work with these people. I demand, and NEED, their respect!”
“Oh, Honey,” I gasp, trying to catch my breath and calm down, “they respect you all right. Who doesn’t respect a woman who knows how to get herself off...THOROUGHLY!”
“Stop it, Dave! I’m serious!”
“Sorry, but, really, so am I. They respect you and the excellent work you do. Your company has never been more profitable. You’re human, with human needs and desires, just like them. The fact that you never figured out that they heard you, that there were no snide remarks, snickers, or cheesy jokes at your expense, shows you their respect for you.”
“You really think so?”
“Definitely. Though I’m sure Charles is looking forward to this trip to Miami even more now!” I chuckle.
“Ohhh, stop,” Jen replies as she punches my arm playfully.
“Whatever happened to that monster, “Bart”, anyway? I don’t recall seeing it after I was back in action, satisfying your every need,” I smile broadly.
“I gave it to Hannah,” Jen replies, matter-of--factly.
“What?!”
“Sure, I didn’t need him anymore. And I didn’t want to just toss it. “Bart” was very good to me over those 3 weeks, and deserved another nice wet pussy to snuggle into.”
“Glad you can be so casual discussing a sex toy and your daughter’s pussy. You really are randy today!”
“I think I might really miss it, the variety of other partners; and I haven’t tasted pussy in FOREVER!...Or I’m just still horny,” Jen laughs. “But we’re drifting off topic here...Hey, you want to revisit our college days and “clean each other up?”
“Sure!” I reply enthusiastically. “I haven’t tasted cum in a long, long time.”
Back in college, after sex with some of our friends, Jen and I would go someplace private and “clean up.” This was our euphemism for Jen slurping the girl cum off my dick, and me sucking the spunk out of her cunt. I’d never sucked my own spunk out of Jen’s twat, as the idea totally skeeved me out; but I’m feeling particularly adventurous, and super horny right now, sooo...
Afterwards, lounging on the couch, I languidly run my fingers up and down Jen’s inner thighs, teasing her pussy as I cross from one leg to the other. I can still taste my jizz on my tongue. Not bad, though it’s been so long that I don’t remember what other guys’ spunk tastes like anymore, so nothing to compare it to.
“Say, Jen. I got you a gift for the cruise, but now I’m thinking I should give it to you now, so you can take it along on your trip to Miami.”
“Oh, what’d you get me?” Jen asks with anticipation. She loves surprise gifts.
Getting up, I walk to the front closet and reach up behind a box of winter gloves and hats on a shelf, grabbing a large shoebox from behind it.
“Well, I didn’t know that you’d given “Bart” to our daughter,” I explain as I walk back and plop back down on the couch, my semi-flaccid cock bouncing off the cushion, “so this was not meant to be a replacement, just an interesting, hopefully exciting and enjoyable addition. A Bart companion, if you will.” I smirk. “But since I’m guessing “Bart” is off at college with Hannah, you’ll need something to keep you company on your trip to Miami.”
I hand her the box, giving her my best wicked smile.
“Or someone,” she replies as she accepts the box from me. “After our earlier conversation, I’m thinking Charles could fulfill my needs on this trip. With that body, I’m thinking, maybe hoping, that he’s hung like a horse!”
“Really?! Well...sure. I’m okay with that, if that ends up a possibility. So, if we’re going to possibly get back into our open sex life, does that mean I can join the mile-high club on my way to Athens?”
“If the opportunity presents, go for it, stud,” she giggles as she opens the box.
“What the hell is this?” she exclaims, slightly in awe.
“It’s a new dildo for you, of course.”
“I can see that; but I’ve never seen one like it before,” she replies, turning it over and over in her hands. “I’m not sure I can actually get this...thing, up my cooch. It’s HUGE!”
The dildo is rigid but covered in a pliant silicon layer, shaped like a petite woman’s forearm making a fist, and then mirrored, so it was 2-fisted. It’s about 15” long.
“And who’s the other end for, if I may inquire?”
“Not for anyone, at least it wasn’t. I just thought it was unique, and pussy-stretching, and HOT, and they didn’t have a single-head version. But now that we’re looking at reopening our “marriage bed”, it can be for anyone you think’s game to give it a go with you.”
“Well, thank you, Honey. I’ll be sure to take it out for a spin on my trip. This is going to stretch my cunt like nothing since Hannah’s head on her way out!” she laughs.
Jen gets up and heads upstairs to pack for her trips. She’d better get moving if she wants to make her flight.
“Hell, with Charles on this trip, I doubt you’ll need it!” I call out after her, laughing.
MONDAY EVENING
MIAMI, FL
I push through the revolving door at the Hilton and shake myself like a dog, water flying everywhere. It’s fairly pointless, as my outfit and hair are soaked. Charles is right behind me, his carry-on roller bag momentarily getting stuck in the door. He pushes the door backwards a bit and gets his bag free. I stride to the front desk with my own carry-on, Charles bringing up the rear.
“Good evening, Ma’am,” the receptionist greets me. “Checking in?”
“Yes, under the name Jennifer Adams, please.”
“Okay, let me see here....Adams, A-D-A-M-S?”
“Of course, how else would you spell it?” I snap...”Sorry, I didn’t expect the thunderstorm and am soaked. I apologize.”
“No need, Ma’am. I understand.”
“Well, I appreciate that; but there’s no reason for me to be rude. I’m sure you get too much of that as it is.”
“Yes, well, it happens, and I accept your apology. But...I’m not finding your reservation. Could it be under another name?”
“It shouldn’t be; but try Charles Langley, L-A-N-G-L-E-Y” I suggest, looking at Charles with a WTF look.
My secretary ALWAYS books my trips under my name, regardless of who’s coming with me.
“No, nothing under Charles Langley either. Nor is there anything under a similar spelling.”
“Ugh! I don’t know what happened, guess we’ll figure it out once we’re back,” I reply, fishing out my credit card.
“We’ll need 2 rooms. I’d like one with a seaside balcony if available. Please tell me you have something available! Charles, any requests?”
“No, whatever’s available is fine with me.”
“Umm, I’m truly sorry, Ma’am; but we’re booked solid tonight. I can try finding you a room at another Hilton?”
“Really? Nothing!? And please, call my Jennifer. I hate being called “Ma’am.”
“Sorry, Ma’am, I mean Jennifer.”
“I always stay here when I’m in town. I absolutely LOVE South Beach. You really have nothing? Not even a suite? I don’t mind paying for a nicer room.”
“Honestly, Jennifer, there’s nothing open, even a suite. The only empty suite we have is unavailable because of a broken showerhead.”
“I’ll take it!” I reply quickly. “Don’t care about the shower. I’ll make due. Now what about Charles? Anything else we can make work? Maybe a room just vacated by a frat party that simply needs DEEP cleaning?” I ask while grinning at Charles. “He can deal, can’t you Charles?”
“Sure, Jennifer,” Charles chuckles. “I can deal.”
“Sorry, Jennifer, but that suite is it, all we’ve got unoccupied. It’s been a REALLY busy week already.”
I sigh heavily.
“Describe this suite. One room or two? What size bed? Balcony?”
“It’s a single bedroom with bathroom, and a separate living area, king size bed in the bedroom. There is a couch in the living area, of course. And it’s on the top floor, so the view from the balcony IS amazing,” she adds, trying to spin the crappy situation.
“One minute...Ashley,” I reply, noticing her nametag. “Charles, can I speak to you for a minute?” I ask, walking away from the desk and pulling Charles with me.
“What’s up, Boss?” he grins, finding the whole situation, and particularly my agitation, humorous.
“I really don’t feel like finding another hotel in a rainstorm; but I also don’t want a call from our lawyers regarding a sexual harassment claim. Can you and I share a room without there being a problem? We can find a new hotel tomorrow after our meeting.”
“Sure, no problem. Though I don’t see how I could possibly consider anything you do as harassing me. You’re the ultimate professional.”
I sigh heavily again, taking his arm and walking him even further from the counter, where no one can hear us.
“Look, Charles. I am a professional, in that I keep my home life and work life very separate. But a hotel room is not work. You don’t walk around a hotel room in a suit the entire time you’re in it. You get comfortable, like when you’re at home... This needs to stay between us, okay?”
“Sure,” he replies, a quizzical look on his face.
Looking over my shoulder to see what Ashley is up to, I see that she’s doing some kind of paperwork, not watching us. I look back at Charles and unbutton my blazer and open it, exposing my chest. Underneath, my blouse is soaked and my nipples are rock hard from the air conditioning in the lobby, and VERY visible through the shear fabric. Charles eyes get VERY wide.
“Why are you showing me,” he waves a hand indicating my chest, “this? Are you weirdly testing me or something?”
“Not at all, Charles. I’m just gauging your reaction to what I’m thinking will be the most innocent thing you would be exposed to if we share a room for the night.”
“Huh?”
“God, this is awkward...Look, I don’t wear underwear, hardly ever. I don’t have any on; and I don’t have any packed. It’s why you never see me without a blazer or sweater on. I also don’t wear or have anything like pajamas. I sleep nude. And I don’t want to have to pussyfoot around in wet clothes, undress in the bedroom where I can’t hang my clothes to dry, etc. I want to be comfortable, like a regular evening of down-time at home. Can you deal with that, or will it be a problem?”
“Uh...no, I suppose not,” he chuckles. “Anyway, I’m willing to deal if you are. While I do wear boxers, I don’t like wearing them to bed. They get twisted up when I roll around in my sleep. I sleep nude, like you...on the couch, of course,” he hastens to add.
“I can work with that,” I respond, surprised by his laughter. To keep the mood light, I add: “And next time I present “the girls” to you, please don’t hurt their feelings by referring to them as just “this!” These babies are beyond impressive, as you’re soon to find out, whether we like it or not.”
Charles nods and smirks. “Looking forward to it.”
I give him a raised eyebrow and turn away.
Going back up to the counter, I get Ashley’s attention.
“We’ll take the room. We’ll work it out.”
“Oh, great! I’m really sorry about this. I can’t imagine what happened to your reservation.”
“It happens. There’s probably a Hilton in Miami, AZ that’s wondering where we are,” I laugh.
Ashley laughs as she hands me the room card; and Charles chuckles.
“Elevators are to your right. The room is on the top floor, last room to the left, right side of the hall. Enjoy your stay!”
We head for the elevator, our bags in tow. On the way up, I can’t help but think about Dave’s comment about not needing a toy with Charles here. “God! I wonder how well he’s hung,” I muse to myself. “All 6’ 3” of his broad, black, bald, Adonis self. I’m thinking, and hoping, that he’s HUGE. “Time to bring out my flirting skills.”
Once in the room, I immediately roll my bag into the bedroom, and start to strip, grabbing my phone as I unbutton my blouse. I text Dave: “Hey, Hon. We kinda left the swinging thing up in the air earlier, so I’m asking you directly. Can I seduce and hopefully fuck Charles? You good with that?” I hit send.
“We may as well get the awkward part over with,” I call out to him as my blouse comes off, my heels already kicked off my feet.
“Guess, so,” I hear him reply.
I hear my phone chime and see a text from Dave: “I thought we were clear. Enjoy, Babe!”
Pushing my skirt down and stepping out of it, I take a quick selfie of my naked body, and another close-up of my engorged pussy (I am soo fuckin’ horny right now), attaching them to a text back to Dave: “Already naked and working on it. Thanks, Hon. Love you! (Hug emoji) Enjoy these while you’re spanking it tonight!(wide grin emoji)”
My phone rings less than a minute later, more like 20 seconds. Looking down at my phone, it’s Dave, and it’s a video call. Sliding my finger over the phone to answer, I’m treated to a view of Dave’s cock, buried up an obviously young, bald pussy, pumping slowly and steadily in and out, the young woman moaning and grunting off-screen. The phone slowly pans up to the girl’s face.
“Laura?!” I exclaim.
“Hi Mrs. Adams!” she waves, her small breasts jiggling as my husband pounds her pussy hard, her LONG nipples hard as erasers sticking up from her breasts. “Your husband is completely destroying my pussy with his huge cock...” she pauses, her face suddenly going from ecstatic to concerned. “He told me you’d be cool with it?”
The phone turns to show Dave.
“Hey, Babe. Don’t think I’ll be needing that pic you sent; but thanks anyway,” he grins.
“You player! Didn’t take you any time at all to get yourself some! And Laura, no less. You’ve been salivating over her since she first started working at the Papa John’s when she was, what, sixteen? Is she even legal?”
“Of course, she’s Hannah’s age,” Dave chuckles.
“You’ll have to tell me all about it over our vacation.”
“Ordered a pizza. They were having a delivery special: free side of pussy,” the smartass responds, grunting as he delivers a few particularly hard thrusts. Laura grins, her eyes shut, moaning. He CAN be funny...on occasion. “But seriously, she kind of fell into my lap, as it were. Wasn’t planned. I was just hungry. And I don’t know if you noticed; but I’m fucking her on the dining room table, so the security cameras are getting every...fucking...stroke!” he grunts out, his breathing ragged as he pounds the girl’s pussy mercilessly, Laura screaming in ecstasy and oblivious to Dave’s words. “Maybe I’ll make a copy and we can watch it together later.”
“Sounds like fun,” I reply. “We’ll have to get some alone time away from Hannah.”
“Yea, maybe...or maybe not.”
“You sexy pervert, you do want to fuck your daughter! I fucking knew it!”
“Mmmm, shmaybe, shmaybe not. Gotta go, Hon. Gonna blow soon, fill this tight cunt with my hot jizz!”
I can barely hear him over Laura’s screams of extasy in the background. And he says I’M loud!
“Well, enjoy, Babe, and don’t drown the poor girl in your spunk. Doubt she’s ever been with a guy who cums as much you do, Lover...Now, time for Momma to get herself some. Bye, love ya!” I say and hang up.
I pick up my wet clothes and head back into the living room. My nipples are rock hard and jutting out a good half-inch, partly due to the air-conditioning, but mostly because I’m feeling horny and hopeful, though a bit unsure, if I’m honest with myself. It HAS been awhile. My whole body is still wet from the rain, my pussy moist and enflamed for other reasons, SEVERAL other reasons. I seriously need to calm down if I want to seduce Charles. Can’t be so obvious, and right now my cunt is going to give me away! I take a slow breath and put my mind in clinical mode.
Charles is unpacking his spare suit as I enter the room. He turns around and catches his breath, staring at my body.
“Go ahead, get it over with. Take a good look,” I challenge him, hands on hips.
He does, taking his time to look me up and down, THOROUGHLY.
“Wow!” is his first comment.
“Wow? That’s it?”
I’m not vain; but I know I’ve got a killer body. It’s just a fact.
“When’s the last time you saw a pair of tits this nice? I’ve met your girlfriend. I mean,” I quickly add, “Don’t get me wrong. I think she’s great, and great for you. She’s attractive, for sure; and she was a ton of fun at dinner last month. But maybe not quite in this league?” I laugh nervously.
This is not how I wanted this to go. Now I’m feeling seriously flustered, so I plow on, not knowing how to stop.
“And this pussy! Pretty fuckin’ nice, huh? Does Carla keep her box bare for you, or are you not into that? Sorry if the question’s too personal.”
“Jesus, Jennifer! You are too much!” Charles exclaims as he sheds his own wet suit coat and begins to unbutton his shirt. “Yes, if I may say so, you do have a very sexy pussy, AND the girls are just fuckin’ awesome. As to Carla, yes, for your information, she does keep her pussy bare, or did. We broke up the day after we had dinner with you and Dave.”
He continues to undress, shucking his shoes and removing his socks.
“Oh! I’m sorry. What happened?” This is perfect! He can tell me a sad break-up story and I can let my overheated cunt cool down.
“Right after we left, she went off on me about not informing her that my boss was drop-dead gorgeous. She said, and I quote, “Her tits are fucking unbelievable!” Apparently, she got a good look in the restroom, when you two went in to “powder your noses”, and you found a wine stain on your blouse, which I’m guessing you removed your blazer to try to dab out. I never did understand how anyone could make such an impression with a regular ol’ bra on, figured you must have had something frilly on, which didn’t really sound like you. But now I understand that you were going commando, which is why I chuckled downstairs when you explained your no-underwear policy. So Carla really did get a good look at those perfect tits...and your fucking nipples! Jesus! No wonder she demanded that I find another job. Anyway, when I told her absolutely not, she simply left. Haven’t heard from her since.”
“Shit, I’m really sorry, Charles...Wow...seriously? She left you over my tits?” I start to laugh uncontrollably.
“It’s good that we’re laughing,” he responds, laughing himself. “What comes next may be even funnier to you.”
“What’s that?” I ask, trying to choke back my laughter.
“Give me a few more seconds and it’ll be clear,” he says as he drops his pants and steps out of them, now down to his boxers. Gripping the waistband, he stops and looks at me.
“You sure this is going to be okay?”
“Obviously,” I reply, gesturing to my exposed pussy, which has, thankfully, begun to relax, looking not-so-flushed, with a flourish.
Charles pushes his boxers off and steps out of them. His fuckstick is fucking HUGE.
Definitely a shower, not a grower. It’s obviously at mostly flacid, hanging mostly down, but it’s still VERY thick and probably over 8” long. I’m guessing/hoping for 10” once I get him rock hard! I smile hugely.
“Very nice, very impressive,” I intone clinically, yet appreciatively. “But I’m not laughing, even a little bit. Nothing funny here,” I continue, gesturing towards his cock. “What am I missing?”
“Oh, well, then nothing. Never mind,” Charles responds sheepishly.
“Did I say something wrong?”
“No, not at all. It’s just, it’s one thing for a woman to have a bald pussy, it’s common even, but not a guy. Most guys only trim, if anything. I thought you’d find it odd, or funny.”
“Oh, well, I didn’t even notice. Dave keeps his pubic area shaved clean also, has since college, so it didn’t even register with me. I suppose you’re right though, probably not as common as with us gals. Very nice job, though,” I add, stepping closer. “I actually don’t see any stubble at all. Did you just shave this morning?”
“Na, I had laser removal a few years back. I hated the stubble itch.”
“Me, also! I keep telling Dave to have it done and he refuses, yet constantly bitches about the itch. He says he can’t imagine getting through the sessions with a woman handling his junk without popping wood,” I giggle.
Charles laughs. “It worked out fine for me. Got a blow job at the end of every session. The technicians could barely keep their hands off my cock during the procedures.”
I catch my breath from laughing and step back.
“Okay, Charles. I want you to take as long and thorough of a look at my body and its...parts as you need to feel satisfied and get it out of your system. Because what I do NOT want is to catch you stealing glances and peeks at me as I walk around the room this evening. THAT might constitute harassment in MY mind...So what would you like to see? Step on up and explore...eyes only...at least for now,” I smirk.
Charles steps towards me, his eyes on my tits. He actually leans in very close, studying my erect nipples. They harden as his warm breath caresses them.
“Sorry,” he says and steps back, noticing my arousal.
“Don’t be sorry. I told you take your time and take a good look.”
“Okay, in the interest of being thorough,” he grins as he kneels down in front of me, his face inches from my pussy.
“Would you mind raising a leg to spread your lips?” he requests simply.
“Uh, sure?” I reply, lifting my right leg and grabbing it in the air, like a ballet dancer.
My pussy opens wide as Charles places the fingers of his right hand just to the side of my outer lips and pulls them gently aside, opening me further, giving him an exceptional view of my cunt’s inner lips and protruding clit.
“Your technician did an excellent job on your pussy. I don’t see one stray, missed hair. From what I’ve heard, it can be difficult to get every last one.”
He removes his hand and gestures for me to lower my leg.
“Did you have your ass done also?”
In response, I turn around and bend over at my waist, reaching behind and spreading my ass-cheeks for him, exposing my little pink bud.
“Does that answer your question?”
“Sure does, very nice” he comments, his warm breath on my rosebud almost bringing me to orgasm!...”Well, I guess that about covers it. You’ve got a killer bod alright, Jennifer.”
“Please, call me Jen,” I smile. “Actually, I’ve had my entire body south of my hairline lasered clean. My ancestry is Southern Italy, and I definitely got hit with the hairy stick.”
“Okay, Jen, good to know,” he laughs. “Now you want to check me out, more closely?”
I eye his monster meat, taking a step forward. His cock twitches in anticipation, beginning to harden.
“No, I think I’ll pass. I get too familiar with that monster, and I’ll want to stick it in a hole, maybe several holes...probably several...”
Charles’ cock comes to full staff. “YES!” I exult in my mind. “A good 10” of turgid, thick, cut, fuck-meat! I’ve got to work this man into my bed!”
“You may have to give your “little” buddy a hand,” I remark, giving his cock a playful swat. “I think he needs “milking”, or he’s going to be “up all night”, I laugh.
“Hah, hah, you really think you’re ALL that,” Charles retorts, embarrassed.
“OH, I KNOW I’m all that, totally worthy of your member’s salute,” I grin evilly.
“Anyway, I’m going take a shower, wash that flight off of me,” I inform him as I walk back to the bedroom.
“Uh, Jen, the shower doesn’t work, remember? Ashley at the front desk told us: ‘broken shower’.”
I ignore him and rummage through my bag for my shampoo and body wash. Collecting them, I walk back into the main room, my pussy on fire again at what I’m about to do, every step forward causing my wet, engorged lips to rub against each other.
“It’s raining cats & dogs out there,” I state simply. “We’ve got a patio on the top floor, with Mother Nature providing ample water pressure. What more does one need?”
Sauntering past him and giving him a wink, I approach the French patio doors and open them. The deck is hug. Maybe 12’ wide x 8’ deep? Half of the deck is to the left of the doors, where there’s an outdoor table and 2 chairs, a large potted plant is to the right, and nothing in front. I walk out onto the deck, quickly soaked by the falling rain, which has lightened up a bit to a substantial summer rainstorm, no the torrential thunderstorm it was when we arrived. The rain is warm, and feels wonderful. Stepping to the rail, I take in the view, or what there is of it. It’s only mid-evening; but the heavy overcast and rain limit the view to the immediate beach front below, and lights from ships at anchor, riding out the storm. The breeze is actually very light, the rain coming straight down.
“Charles, come on out here. The rain feels WONDERFUL.”
Charles strides on out, his cock beginning to relax. As soon as he exits the shelter of the room, the rain soaks him, bouncing off his bald dome.
“It is nice,” he comments.
“Nice, this is going to be the most perfect, sensual shower of my life, with God himself washing me clean!” I exult with anticipation.
“Too bad Dave’s not here,” I muse to myself. “I’d love to share this with him. We could shower and fuck out here until we collapsed from exhaustion...Oh, well.”
Charles’ eyes widen at my frank statement, but does not comment.
I pick up the body wash and fill my left palm with it. Setting down the bottle, I tip my palm and let about half of the wash slide into the palm of my other hand, then quickly proceed to apply it to my upper body, slathering it over my tits as I turn to Charles, making sure he’s watching. Oh, he’s watching alright! I think his eyes are about to pop out of his head.
“Would you mind helping me out with this, Charles?”
“Uh, sure,” he stammers out hesitantly as he steps forward. “What would you like me to do?”
“Can you do my back?” I ask innocently, turning my body away from him but looking back over my shoulder and smiling at him.
Grinning like a schoolboy catching his teacher bent over at her desk and getting an eye-full, he grabs the body wash and squirts some into his hand. Setting the bottle back on the railing cap, he lathers up his palms and then places them on my shoulders, working the soap over the skin of my upper back.
“Can you work the muscles a bit while you’re at it?” I request, enjoying his touch.
Charles begins to knead my shoulders and back as he works his way from top to bottom, stopping once or twice for more body wash, being VERY thorough. My pussy continues to drip, the attention being lavished on me making me even hornier.
“Can you work it into my sides, also?”
Charles gets another squirt of wash and starts at my hips and works his way up the sides of my ribcage. As he approaches the sides of my breasts, I cross my arms and grip his hands, pulling them forward onto my tits. He doesn’t miss a beat and begins to knead my jugs with his slippery hands, the rain softly falling onto us both. I’m in heaven!
“Ohhhh!” I moan softly. “This feels soooo great,” I sigh. “Make sure you get my nipples REALLY clean,” I instruct him with a devilish grin.
Charles starts to caress my nipples, working his way around the areolas and finally to the hard nubs, giving them a little pinch and twist.
“Unghhh!” I cry out as my body convulses in orgasmic bliss, catching me by surprise. Guess I was more keyed up than I thought.
I feel Charles tense; but he doesn’t stop ministrating to my tits, prolonging my orgasmic ride. I can feel his turgid fuckstick poking me in the back.
“This okay?” he asks carefully, probably ready to stop at a moment’s request.
“Oh, better than okay, Charles. It’s heavenly,” I sigh. Turning to face him, I suggest
“Why don’t you work your way down the front now?”
He smiles and grabs some more wash.
I turn back towards the rail, enjoying his arms around me as he washes my body. He reaches around me and works up a lather over my lower torso, taking his time, not in any hurry to reach my pussy, which I’m sure he’s just dying to get his hands on...and in, I’m sure. I appreciate his patience. It just makes me want his fuckmeat inside me more!
Eventually he makes his way south of the border, taking his time and gently working his slippery fingers over my outer lips. It feels wonderful. My body is tense with sexual heat, yet relaxed, enjoying his touch like that of a masseuse. He begins to lightly toy with my clit with one hand as he spreads my lips with his other, tracing his finger nails over my inner lips. My God, this is fucking awesome!
“Uhhhhhhhhh!” I moan softly. “Yes, probe my pussy with your fingers...gently, Charles. You’re sooo gentle,” I sigh.”
Charles doesn’t respond, choosing to remain quiet and allow the rain to be our soundtrack for this...coupling. He presses against the inside of my left thigh and, taking the hint, I move both legs outward, opening my sopping cunt to his fingers, which slowly work their way in and out of my lovebox, sliding along either side of my clit on every stroke.
“Ohhh! Deeper, Charles!” I cry, my climax building again. “Fuck my pussy with your hand!”
Charles stoops a bit to get his hand a bit lower so his fingers can get deeper into my cunt. I can tell that it’s an awkward position for him, so I pull his hands away and turn around to face him, checking out his enormous and fully erect cock as I do. I quickly take his hand and thrust it up into my fuckbox, riding his hand as my other grasps his cock and begins to stroke it.
“Mmmmm, that’s nice,” he says quietly, cupping his hand and thrusting his fingers into me, his palm pounding against my pussy and clit with each upstroke, almost lifting my off the ground with each thrust.
“Oh my GOD!” I scream, the electricity coursing through my body making me feel like I’m fire.
Within 30 seconds, I come again, this time my entire body shaking as the waves roll over me. I grab his hand and hold it still inside of me, not wanting it out, but not able to handle any more stimulation. After a couple of minutes, I’m calm enough to speak.
“Oh, shit! That was fucking awesome!” I gush, removing his hand from my pussy.
“Now I want to take care of you, show you just how much I appreciate you helping me with my shower,” I grin. “But first, I need to wash my hair and get the soap out of my cooch,” I giggle.
It hits me that, while this rain has been an incredible stand-in for an actual shower, no shower wand means no good way to clean out my snatch, or my pink rosebud, which is how I end every shower...Ahh! Got an idea!
“Charles, did you know I did gymnastics in college?”
“Mmm, no, don’t believe that’s ever come up,” he replies, confusion on his face from the non sequitur.
“Well, you’re about to get a little demonstration,” I say as I grab the shampoo and start in on my hair.
Charles just steps back and allows me to deal with my hair on my own, unsure what my last comment meant or implied.
After working the shampoo fully into my hair, I stand up straight and proud, leaning my head back to allow the rain to wash the shampoo out, my tits pointing directly at Charles. Once done, I wipe the rain from my eyes and give Charles a grin.
“Okay, buddy. This should be interesting. Back up a bit. I need some room.”
Charles steps back, and I step toward him, my back to the railing.
“Back I bit more,” I instruct, making a shooing motion.
After he steps right back to the doors, I raise my arms, and then fall forward into a handstand, allowing my legs to rotate into the air. Quickly getting my balance and settling, I hand-walk myself back to the railing until my tits are up against the vertical bars, my hips up against the top ledge. (Don’t think I’d try this if it wasn’t such a tall ledge. Too scary!) Spreading my legs into an inverted splits, I let my legs rest on the balcony ledge, my pussy wide open and being flooded with the summer rain. It feels WONDERFUL, washing the soap out and tickling my rosebud.
“Oooo! That feels great!”
“Looks pretty great, also!” Charles retorts.
“I can’t see him, but I can tell from his voice that he’s got a huge grin on his face.
“Probably tastes great, also,” I suggest. “Care to for a drink of water?” I suggest coyly.
Charles needs no further prompting, stepping forward and diving right in, his mouth on my pussy in seconds. He makes a short show of lapping water out of my cooch; but quickly dispenses with the theatrics and starts going to town on my cunt, licking me out with abandon.
“Ahhh!” I moan, my arms getting weak, more from the stimulation than fatigue.
“That’s it, baby. Eat that pussy! Suck my clit!”
Charles complies greedily, working his tongue over my lips and into my tunnel, paying plenty of attention to my clit.
“Don’t forget my rosebud, or she’ll get jealous,” I tease him.
Charles immediately drags his tongue back over my asshole, rimming it gently as the rain refills my open pussy.
“Oh, yes!” I cry. “Lick it! Fuck my asshole with your tongue!”
Charles rolls his tongue into a little dick and plunges forward, spreading my rosebud with his tongue and fucking it slowly.
“Oh, shit!” I scream, my arms losing their last remaining strength as yet a 3rd orgasm comes crashing down on me.
“Grab me!” I yell, as my arms collapse and my legs begin to slide off the ledge.
Charles stands up quickly and grabs me by my hips, picking me up like a doll and spinning me around like a baton, setting me down on my feet. Turning around, I give him my best smile.
“That was incredible,” I gush. Reaching up and wrapping my arms around him, I pull him in for a passionate kiss, pushing my tongue into his mouth and swirling it around his own. He kisses me back with equal vigor. After a minute or so, I break the kiss and catch my breath.
“Now let me pleasure you,” I say simply as I drop to my knees and grab his cock, guiding it into my mouth.
It’s huge, and its girth fills my mouth completely. If it was any bigger, my jaw wouldn’t stretch any farther to accommodate it! I drive my head forward, taking in what I can. I can get about 1/2 of it in before the head is bouncing off the back of my throat. I stroke the rest of his tool with both hands as I bob my head on the rest, coating it with my saliva. After a few minutes, I back off and the head pops free with a plop. I proceed to work my mouth and tongue along the length of his shaft, swirling my tongue around his engorged cockhead frequently.
“Ohhhhhh, shiiiiiiit,” Charles moans. “I’m gonna cum soon!”
I stop what I’m doing and look up at him.
“Do you cum a lot?”
“Like a fuckin’ horse,” he tells me, looking a bit embarrassed.
“Awesome! I love swallowing cum, but if you’re a big cummer, I want you down my throat. I don’t want your jizz blowing back out of my mouth because I can’t get it down fast enough, and into my clean hair.”
Standing up, I take him by the hand and lead him back inside, water dripping off our bodies. Walking through the living area, I guide Charles into the bedroom and release his hand. Hopping up on the bed, I lay on my back with my feet up by the pillows, my neck on the lower edge, and my head hanging down and back, so I’m looking at his cock upside down.
“Step on up, lover,” and ram that monster fuckstick down my throat,” I command him.
Charles steps up tentatively and feeds me his cock. Taking it in with my mouth stretched as far open as I can, I reach out and grab him by the hips, pulling him toward me, driving his cock past my tonsils and down my throat, until his balls are tickling my nose. I push him back and pull him forward, his thick tool fucking my throat, breathing fairly easily through my nose. Charles relaxes and takes over, leaning over the bed and proceeding to stroke his cock in and out of my throat, never taking it totally out of my throat. I think my tonsils are tickling the underside of his fucktool. He fucks my throat for several minutes, my jaw beginning to ache. He’s grunting like a wild animal, clearly enjoying the shit out of fucking me orally. Just as I’m about to push him away because of my jaw, he cries out.
“OH, FUCK!! I’m CUMMING!!” he screams as he blows his load, spurting it directly down into my stomach.
After pumping what seems like a quart into me, he relaxes and begins to pull back. I let him back up just enough to have only his cockhead still in my mouth, which I lick and suck clean of his remaining spunk, savoring the salty flavor. Once I’m done, I release my grip on his tool and he stands up straight, only to collapse next to me on the bed, totally spent.