We arrived at my place safely and I took on the part of chauffeur opening the rear door and offering my hand to assist both from the back seat.
Kay's nipples were totally erect and I assumed Francine's were just a hard. I closed the door and followed the two of them as they made their way to the lobby arm in arm.
"Let me get the door." I said being the complete gentleman.
They stepped into the elevator and turned to face me as I entered. The door glided closed behind me and I reached to my side and pressed twelve.
"I'm really going to enjoy this aren't I?" I asked.
Kay and Francine smiled and replied in unison. "Absolutely." Some how I knew I wasn't the only one that was absolutely going to enjoy this."
The elevator slowly came to a stop and when the door opened I took a couple steps back then acting like the doorman at some very expensive hotel I motioned with my hand toward the door to my unit.
"This way ladies." I whispered.
I followed them down the hall carefully comparing asses. Kay's moved seductively side so side while Francine's kind of slithered along with her raven colored pony tail swinging side to side.
I would have liked to run in front and compare breasts walking backwards in front of them but we reached the door to my condo before I could get the nerve.
They parted each taking a spot on either side of the door while I unlocked and pushed it open. I stepped inside and turned around. Kay and Francine were still standing in the hall and as I invited them in they roll around the door jam and together stepped inside.
Kay announced. "We'll just be a minute or two." As they scampered off down the hall to my bed room.
I closed the door and turned the dead bolt. Walking to the entry of the hall I spoke out. "Anyone interested in drink?" I asked.
Francine replied. "We're good but get one for yourself."
I went in the kitchen and mixed myself a strong rum and coke. Taking a gulp I refilled it to the top with just rum.
"Sit down and make yourself comfortable." Kay said from the bed room.
I'd been smiling widely for so long my cheeks actually hurt and I was certain my cheeks would continue to pain me for the next couple hours.
"So what were you two talking about while I was throwing horse shoes earlier?" I asked to the two unseen minx in my bed room.
Kay replied first. "A little of this and a little of that." Which told me nothing.
I heard a giggle then Francine added. "We were comparing notes Allen."
That gave me a little more insight into what had them smiling and giggling so much.
They had been talking about making love with me. Comparing notes on how I'd please each of them and probably on how they'd pleased me.
"You sitting down Allen?" Kay asked.
"Yes I am." I replied.
"Close your eyes baby." Francine told me.
"Okay got them closed." I said.
I heard them approaching from the bed room and promised myself to keep my eyes closed until they permitted me to open them.
I heard them enter then move to my right.
"Okay." One sexy voice said.
"Open your eyes." The other sexy voice added.
I slowly opened my eyes. Standing before me shoulder to shoulder were the two most seductive forms I'd ever had the pleasure of gazing upon.
Kay was wearing a sheer black baby doll the soft fullness of her breasts showing clearly through the nearly see through fabric. While Francine wore a more form-fitting black lace teddy it's fabric firmly snapped under her loins.
Neither wore shoes but both had sexy colored toe nails and matching fingernails.
Kay's hair was perfectly teased around her beautiful glowing face while Francine's hair now released from it's pony tail was some what fanned out and kind of wild looking.
They both had applied lovely pink glistening almost glittering lip gloss.
Kay held up one finger and said. "If you make a move to get off that sofa Francine and I will stop instantly what we're doing and leave immediately." She warned.
I smiled and replied. "Wild horses couldn't drag me off this sofa."
Francine smiled knowing how hard it was going to be for me and I was certain what was about to unfold before me would be well worth the effort I'd have to make.
I hadn't noticed but Francine was holding the stereo remote in her hand. She pressed a button and the room was filled with soft jazz. She tossed the remote to the sofa next to me and grinned. I knew she was recalling the last time she'd heard jazz in this room and the incredible time we'd shared together.
Kay was visibly aroused her exhibitionist tendencies about to be treated to a spectacle that even she couldn't have imagined earlier in the day.
They slowly turned to face each other. Francine was first to move her soft delicate hands sliding up to gently cups Kay's breasts through the shear fabric of her baby doll. Instinctively Kay tilted her head she arched her back pressing her lush full breasts firmly into Francine's palms.
Kay's nipples already erect pressed at the shear fabric as Francine covered them with her soft hands. My cock involuntarily began to swell in my pants. I knew before long it would be pulsing underneath begging to be touched by both of these sexy vixens.
Francine's skillfully hands continued to caress the full firmness lifting cupping and caressing every part with her delicate hands. Her fingers occasionally tweaking pinching and rolling Kay's taut nipples.
It was obvious Kay enjoyed the softer delicate touch of another woman moaning and cooing with delight.
Francine slowly moved her hands down to Kay's waist the drew her closer. Their lovely faces only inches apart. Passion filled eyes staring into one another. Kay circled Francine's waist then slid her hands up her lovers back. Pressing lightly Kay parted her lips the tip of her pink tongue extended inviting a first kiss.
My covered cock swelled as I watched intently. Their lips barely touched. Shimmering soft lips that almost appeared to spark passionately as they kissed. Francine offered her tongue which was quickly accepted by her lover. Sucking gently on the tip as her hands began to explore the soft flesh on Francine's back.
Francine reacted to the soft caresses by moving her hands between and again lightly massaged Kay's lovely breasts. Her fingernails slid up and hooked over the top of Kay's shear baby doll drawing the material down over her heaving soft breasts.
Kay slid her fingers up into Francine's hair and lifted it back at her temples. Her delicate fingers holding raven colored hair back so I could see better. Her soft hands guided Francine's lips to the smooth flesh above her breasts. Francine kissed very lightly as Kay moved her lips over the heaving mounds of pleasure.
I wondered if I was permitted to speak. "Lick the very top of her cleavage Fran." I said. Kay looked toward me and smiled happy that I was offering a suggestion that we both knew drove her crazy.
Francine's tongue darted from between glittery lips and licked the spot I'd suggested. Kay moaned softly.
Encouraged by her moan Francine moved down to kiss the soft full spheres being offered to her sensual lips. Her tongue circled one areola softly licking the tiny goose bumps that rose in the pink flesh surrounding her hard nipples. Kay cooed softly as her lover pleasured her flesh but avoided the taut point in the middle. Lifting her lips from Kay's quivering flesh she glanced up into Kay's eyes which even I could see from a distance were moist and sparkling with complete passion.
Francine returned to her quest with the enthusiasm of a young lover kissing and licking the soft flesh and the sensual bumps but this time she moved her lips to circle Kay's hard nipple suckling on the taut flesh and occasionally nipping at it with her teeth.
Kay's deep sensuous moan acknowledged that Francine was lifting her to then next level of arousal.
Francine gave both tight nipples the absolute attention they commanded and paused between nipples to kiss and lick the soft warm cleavage between Kay's breasts.
"God she's driving me insane." Kay whispered to us both.
My cock was now pulsing in my pants and I wanted to expose it so my two vixens could see the affect their sensual lovemaking was having on me.
Francine released the shear fabric of Kay's baby doll but it remained firmly tucked beneath the twin orbs of heaving tit flesh. Her nipples now shimmering with Francine's saliva begging for more attention.
But her lover was on a mission and her goal rested between Kay's firm shapely thighs. Her lips and tongue teased quivering flesh through shear black fabric as she slowly kissed her way down until she was able to kneel before Kay's steamy loins. Kay's hands had slipped from Francine's hair and moved up to lift and cup her incredible tits Thumbs and fore fingers slowly tweaking the moist peaks of pleasure at their center.
Delicate fingers hooked the tiny straps then slid the equally shear thong from Kay's body. As she drew it to her feet Francine leaned forward and inhaled deeply drawing the sweet perfume of Kay's loins into her nostrils.
She turned her head toward me and whispered. "I love the smell of moist pussy."
Kay's knees buckled just a little as her beautiful raven haired lover extended her tongue and licked the smooth swollen lips of her vulva.
"She tastes wonderful." Francine said. Her hands slid up the back of Kay's legs drawing her hips toward Francine's full pouty lips and moist tongue.
"Lick it again please." Kay urged.
Francine's tongue slid along the moist flesh then lingered flicking at the hard nub of Kay's clit.
"Hmmmmmmm..." Kay moaned her hands lacing into Francine's wavy raven tresses.
Francine slowly lifted Kay's leg placing her sexy foot on the edge of the table. I could gaze lustfully at the swollen lips and moist folds beyond from my vantage point across the coffee table.
"Eat that sweet pussy." I whispered.
Francine began licking sucking nibbling on Kay's quivering pussy.
Kay's fingers urged Francine to even deeper licks pulling on the raven locks bringing her moist loins tightly against her lovers face.
Francine's mouth was in constant motion moving from pink hot flesh to swollen lips and finally to the rock hard nub of Kay's clit.
Kay moaned softly over and over as her new lover brought her closer and closer to oral satisfaction.
Francine slowly drew two fingers up the inside of Kay's long shapely thighs. Both dipped between swollen lips into the moist folds of sensitive fuck flesh. I leaned forward wanting to see better. My raging hard on trapped between my thigh and my abdomen.
Francine's fingers withdrew. Slippery and shimmering with Kay's juices. Then they both disappeared again. Kay's groaned hard as one long sexy finger slipped back inside her quivering pussy and the other pierced her sphincter.
As her skillful digits massaged the searing hot fuck flesh Francine's tongue lashed out at Kay's pulsing clit. Again and again her pink tongue flicked at the tiny hard clit.
Kay's knees buckled again as Francine's oral skills drove her to the ultimate of sexual pleasure. Her orgasm slammed into her body and my mature red haired minx instantly became a quivering mass of climatic gelatin.
Her lovely breasts tipped with rock hard nipples heaved up and down as Kay gasped for oxygen. Her legs turned to mush and she nearly collapsed on top of Francine's beautiful soft body.
Francine continued licking and sucking Kay's clit as she slowly slid from the Everest of pleasure. Her fingers slipped from the raven tresses and rested on Francine's shoulders then slid up to lift cup and tweak her own lovely full breasts.
"Oh my god!" Kay exclaimed after she'd caught her breath.
"Incredible." I uttered.
Francine finally mercifully released her oral lock on Kay's loins holding the swollen hood surrounding Kay's clit open so I could view the erect bright red protuberance she'd works so diligently upon with her pink tongue.
I made a quick mental note that I'd have to ask Francine to give my circumcision scar the same kind of treatment some time soon.
Francine slipped her fingers from Kay's loins and looked up at her sexually satisfied lover's eyes.
"I've never......" Kay whispered then reached down and lifted Francine to her feet.
"felt anything so incredible." Kay finished just before she pulled Francine's mouth to hers.
Their tongues lashed out a one another. Shimmering lips crushed together. Fingers hands and soft lovely bodies pressed tightly together.
Kay's hand slipped between Francine's thighs. The snap of her teddy opened with a resounding pop.
Francine responded by lifting Kay's shear baby doll up and over her head.
She looked at me and grinned then tossed the sexy garment at my face. Kay's skillful fingers slowly moved up and then peeled Francine's lace teddy down over her lush creamy white tits, her flaring sexy hips and down the length of her shapely legs. It fell to the floor a puddle of lace around her feet.
Now totally naked their lovely bodies were there for my lustful inspection. Kay's breasts slightly larger then Francine's rested softly against her lover's belly. The perfect hard nipples pressing into the soft flesh just below Francine's milky tits. Kay lowered her mouth as her raven haired lover lifted one erect nipple toward glimmering lips.
Kay's hands slipped behind and pressed Francine's chest firmly against her soft mouth. Francine feeling the wonderful oral caress arched her back and cooed softly. "They're so sensitive."
Hearing that Kay began slowly kissing and suckling both perfectly round areola and hard erect nipples being offered to her by the raven haired vixen before her.
Now it was Francine's turn to lace long sexy fingers into beautiful red tresses urging Kay on with delicate pulls of her sexy locks.
Francine looked toward me and with misty passionate eyes whispered. "Her lips are so soft."
"I know." I quickly responded.
Kay let one taut pink nipple slip from her oral grasp and looked into Francine's eyes. "He knows because I suck his incredible cock every chance I get."
Francine guided her lover's lips back to their task then whispered. "I can't wait to suck his big beautiful cock again."
For a moment I thought the three of us were going to fast forward to our own incredible three some but Francine dashed my hopes when she added. "But first I wanna make love with you Kay."
I leaned back into the sofa not the least bit disappointed knowing my time would come soon enough. But my raging erection needed relief it needed to be slowly stroked and pleasured. I moved one hand to its throbbing shaft and began sliding it up and down the length teasing it through my shorts.
Kay's hands grasped Francine's wrists. "Lay down." She whispered.
Francine slowly reclined on the plush carpet her feet extended toward the table and her lovely round breasts pointing straight up at the ceiling. Her long sexy fingernails slid up across a flat belly and onto those milky orbs of pleasure. Thumbs and fore fingers pinching the taut erect points that tipped her beautiful tits.
Kay took a step or two forward straddling her reclined lover at the shoulders. For a moment I thought she was going to bend at the waist and settle her steamy wet swollen pussy onto Francine's mouth.
But instead Kay slowly turned around to face me. Her passionate eyes stared lustfully into mine. Her hands slipped up over her full ripe tits to lift each one showing me the erect tight nipples. Her tongue extended then licked one then the other giving them a shimmering gleam of hot wet saliva.
She slowly bent at the knees bringing her soft round ass down against Francine's hands which were still pleasuring her milky tits. Her hands released full breasts and moved to her reclined lover's thighs.
As she began bending at the waist she smiled and whispered. "Watch me pleasure her."
Even in the heat of their lovemaking Kay's exhibitionist tendencies came forth. She wanted to be sure I would be able to watch every move she made while she pleasured Francine. She wanted me to be staring at her sexy face while she gave her raven haired lover oral pleasures equal to those she'd just received.
I was a more than willing audience.
Kay lowered her lips to Francine's pubic mound. The milky flesh twitched as Kay's lips first touched. Kissing licking and dragging her teeth across the soft flesh. Francine began moaning softly even before the mature minx had even touched her most sensitive part.
Kay slid both hands in over Francine's thighs pressing them apart more then moved her fingers up to spread the soft lips of her vulva open exposing pink fuck flesh beyond.
"Look how beautiful it is." Kay said to me.
Francine mean while began playing with Kay's ass from behind kneading the soft fleshy mounds and occasionally dipping a long sexy finger between the searing hot lips of Kay's fuck tunnel.
Kay dipped her head and gave the exposed pink clit before her a quick lick. "Look how it quivers when I lick it." Kay spoke softly.
Francine slid her hands to Kay's hips and pulled them down bringing the wet swollen pussy with-in inches of her mouth.
Kay moaned feeling her lover's hot breath on her own quivering flesh.
Her lust over came her and she dropped her mouth to the soft pink folds of Francine's twitching pussy.
"Yes!" Francine exclaimed
Kay's tongue slipped between swollen lips and massaged the searing hot folds of flesh inside.
"Oh god yes!" Francine screamed.
Kay's chin pressed into the throbbing clit as her lips and tongue fucked her raven haired lovers pulsing pussy.
Francine lifted her legs and pressed her sexy feet against the coffee table. It began to slide toward me and I quickly stopped it's movement with my own feet.
I sat there staring lustfully at the two vixens coupled together in an incredible sixty nine of lesbian passion. Their soft moans and groans interrupted only occasionally by Kay's sexy request for me to pay particular attention to another of her awesome oral techniques.
My hand continued stroking the rock hard cock buried beneath my shorts.
Kay looked up from her task and asked. "Do you see how I tongue fuck her sweet pussy?"
I shook my head as she dipped her wet tongue into equally wet fuck flesh.
Lifting her head again Kay whispered. "Don't you wish you were fucking this hot little pussy right now?"
I shook my head faster this time.
Kay returned her mouth to the quivering fuck tunnel and began moving in and out more rapidly.
Francine groaned soulfully as her mature lesbian lover massaged every inch of wet flesh she could reach with her sexy tongue.
Even though I couldn't see I knew Francine was giving Kay's sweet fuck tube the same incredible treatment. I thought for a moment about getting up to see but resisted the urge wanting to continue watching Kay's skillful mouth pleasure her lover's loins.
Kay's lips tongue and teeth worked Francine's pussy into a twitching quivering swollen frenzy. Francine screamed. "Keep going I'm gonna cum soon."
Obviously Kay didn't want that just yet. She lifted her mouth from the hot little pussy and looking up into my eyes she whispered. "Take your cock out so I can see it."
I didn't need to be asked twice and in an instant my shorts and briefs were around my ankles. My raging hard on standing at attention before the two vixens reclined in front of me.
"I wanna see his cock!" Francine said.
As Kay returned her mouth to the dripping wet pussy below she whispered. "Jerk it."
My hand slowly began sliding up and down the rock hard shaft.
"Let me see him jerk it!" Francine begged.
Kay was busy tongue fucking Francine's hot box as I stroked my pulsing cock.
Francine apparently gave up trying to see me jerking off and returned to licking sucking and tongue fucking Kay from below.
Kay's mouth moved with the skill of an oral master. Licking sucking biting at the hard clit. Lapping suckling and tongue fucking the wet swollen vulva and pink wet flesh inside.
I knew it wouldn't be too long before Francine became a quivering mass of orgasmic flesh and I remembered what she told me about squirting if brought to climax the right way.
I wanted both Kay and I to see that happen and I whispered. "Spread it open and finger her clit til she cums."
Kay followed my instructions using her fingernails to hold the steamy fuck tunnel open and one long sexy digit to rub furiously at the erect red clit.
Francine screamed. "Oh fuck oh fucking aaaaaaaaaa!" her voice extending the a until her lungs were empty.
She gasped and her hips convulsed a stream of female cum squirted from her crossing the table and splashing on my cock.
Kay's eyes became as big as saucers seeing that much fuck juice expelled from her lover's pussy. She instantly dropped her open mouth to capture the next stream as it flowed from Francine's twitching slit.
My cock now lubricated with Francine's juice instantly exploded a thick wad of cum shooting out and landing on my shirt. I grunted hoarsely as I coaxed my balls to expel their juice.
Francine screamed. "Yes drink my cum!" As Kay lapped every drop her glands could offer.
My cock spurted again coating my fingers with sticky cum.
Kay's tongue lapped every drop Francine Skene gland produced drinking the warm fluid happily for the first time.
As Francine and I slowly recovered Kay looked up at me with a wide wet smile on her lips. Seeing my cum soaked shirt she giggled and asked. "Did I do that?"
Francine slipped out from underneath her lover and sat up. Holding one finger up and pointing toward me she grinned and said. "You knew that was gonna happen."
I shook my head yes and just smiled back at her holding my hard cock in one hand.
Kay sat beside Francine her face dripping wet. She used delicate finger tips to gather the juices and sucked it from her fingers. "That was fucking incredible." Kay said offering Francine a taste from her cum soaked fingers.
Francine sucked each sexy finger taking it deep in her mouth. "I always flood like that when I cum really hard." She explained.
Kay smiled and replied. "We're gonna have to make sure you cum really hard every time."
Now that my two sexy partners knew each other as good as two adults could I figured it was time to start them thinking of including me in their play session.
"So ladies." I said. "It seems you've hit it off pretty well." I added.
Both lovely vixens smiled at me knowing exactly what I was going to say.
"Isn't it about time something bigger and harder gets a chance at those two hot little boxes?" I asked.
Francine turned to Kay and said. "What do you think?"
Kay grinned devilishly at her and replied. "I'm good with just a hot little tongue. How about you?"
"I do enjoy being filled with something big and hard." Francine said.
I silently said to my self. "oh yea."
"But on the other hand soft lips and a sexy mouth turn me on so much." Francine added dashing my hopes for the moment.
"Okay okay I see where this is going." I exclaimed.
Kay offered. "Do you? Don't be so sure."
With that Kay stood up her sexy naked flesh a lovely shade of pink. She reached down and assisted Francine from the plush carpet. Their soft shapely bodies touching lightly at the hips and shoulders Kay said. "We're going to go in the bed room. When we call, you may join us."
As these two minx turned and rounded the sofa I wondered exactly what Kay had in mind. I wanted to strip naked and join them holding a rock hard cock. I wanted them both to lick and suck the pulsing head and take turns swallowing the twitching shaft. But some how I didn't see that as part of Kay's sensual plan.
Five minutes passed then ten. I was becoming impatient for their call. I stood up and looked down the hall. My bed room door was open only enough to let a single ray of light shine through.
I thought. Should I just go in or stand here like some long distance runner waiting for the starters gun to sound.
After another seven or eight minutes Francine's sexy voice called out. "Come join us Allen."
Out of the starting blocks I shot. In an instant I pressed one hand on the door and pushed it open.
My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. Standing before me were two absolutely incredible visions. They were both dressed exactly the same. Black lace garter belts black silk stockings and matching stilettos. Both sexy women were naked from their garter belts up. Four lovely soft tits and two pair of erect nipples invited me into the bed room. The only exception to their outfits was that Kay was wearing one of those strap on dildos over her garter.
"Have a seat." Kay whispered motioning toward the overstuffed chair in one corner of my room.
Francine was all smiles as I trudged toward the chair knowing my hopes of getting my cock sucked were diminishing quickly.
"Look what my friend Kay found in her little case for me." Francine said wrapping her delicate fingers around the big hard dildo Kay was wearing.
"Isn't it so big? Francine exclaimed then added. "And so hard too." She teased.
I sat there my cock still hard not because I knew I'd be joining the two of them but because of the awesome vision of the two hot minx that were about to perform act two of their quote unquote Get to know each other better sex play.
I decided to forget about getting fucked anytime soon and just relaxed so I could enjoy act two. I released my hard cock and just let it lay on my abdomen. After all I am a voyeur, Kay's proven that beyond a shadow of a doubt and I knew what was about to play out before me would be highly erotic.
Kay moved her hands to Francine's soft shoulders and turned her so they were face to face.
"Suck my cock." Kay whispered.
Francine bent at the knees and knelt before her. The thick nearly eleven inch rubber dildo pointing directly at her mouth.
Francine's eyes were fixed on Kay's she tilted her head back ever so slightly I assumed to give Kay's play thing straighter access to the back of her throat.
"Suck it!" Kay said with a demanding tone in her voice.
Francine opened her lips and moved her mouth forward. The thick head slipped between her lips and stretched the soft moist pink flesh open even wider.
Francine pulled back staring up at her lover's lustful face.
"Swallow my big thick cock!" Kay demanded her hands lacing into Francine's raven locks.
Her lips opened again the head disappeared. Kay pulled on her hair drawing her mouth further onto the thick shaft of the rubber invader.
I could see Francine's eyes widen and fill with moisture as Kay forced the thick head past the back of her tongue.
Francine gagged involuntarily her stomach rising then falling as she struggled to swallow this massive rubber cock.
Kay pulled harder driving it deeper into Francine's throat. The bulge in her neck confirming she'd swallowed it's massive girth.
Kay looked at me and said. "She's a good cock sucker."
Something I already knew but wanted to reinforce in my mind by having my cock stuffed in her throat.
Kay pulled back letting the long thick substitute cock slip from Francine's wet mouth. Tears overflowed the corner of her eyes.
Bending slightly Kay lifted Francine to a standing position. "Let's see if this big hard cock will fill her hot cunt." Kay said.
She turned Francine around and slipped the dildo between her thighs it's length poking from between her legs in front.
Kay's hands slipped around and cupped twin mounds of milky tit. Tweaking the taut pink nipples that capped Francine's beautiful breasts.
Her hips flexed and the dildo disappeared then poked out from between creamy thighs rubbing along Francine's moist vulva.
"Move forward." Kay said.
They moved toward me in unison. Kay still cupping her lovely tits and the thick rubber cock slipping between milky thighs.
"Put your hands on his knees." Kay instructed.
As Francine bent at the waist she softly placed her hands flat on my knees. Her wavy raven hair cascading around her beautiful face.
"Don't you dare touch his cock!" Kay exclaimed. "You can breath on it. Spit on it. But you are not allowed to touch him." Kay warned.
Kay's hands held her hips firmly as she leaned back positioning the fake cock at the opening to Francine's fuck tunnel.
Francine tilted her head up so she could look directly into my eyes as Kay impaled her with the thick rubber cock.
Francine's eyes widened as the rubber monster filled her pussy. I lifted my cock so it pointed straight up at her face.
Kay withdrew and slammed it back into her. Francine moaned soulfully as it filled her again.
My hand began stroking the hard shaft of a real cock and Francine dropped her face to watch as I jerked the pulsing shaft.
A warm thick stream of saliva slipped off her tongue and dropped onto my burning cock head. I smeared it along the entire length of my rock hard erection.
Kay slammed into her again. "OH" Francine exclaimed her hot breath bathing my twitching cock head.
"She's a very good fuck!" Kay exclaimed drawing my attention to her lustful stare.
Kay's eyes were twin pits of lust. She looked like a sexual animal as she fucked her lover from behind. Faster and faster her hips moved and I stroked my throbbing shaft faster and faster.
Francine spat on my cock again then lowered her head as if she was going to disobey her lover and take my aching cock head in her mouth.
Kay slammed into her again driving that massive rubber cock against Francine's cervix. Francine groaned sensuously her lips surrounding the head of my cock but not touching it. Her hot breath bathing my twitching meat.
She looked up at me and mouthed the words. "Cum in my mouth."
I started jerking my cock harder as the beautiful vixen bent before me waited for my cum.
Kay's hips flashed back and forth as she continued impaling Francine with her strapped on erection.
Francine moaned deeply then whispered. "I'm cumming."
My balls had long before began tingling and I squeezed my cock shaft hard wanting to fill her sweet hot mouth with one huge wad of cum.
Francine opened her mouth wide and exhaled a deep guttural moan over the throbbing cock head poised just outside her hot wet mouth.
I grunted once and threw my head back into the soft fabric of the chair as the pressure of boiling cum inside my shaft reached the point of explosion.
In an instant my cock filled her mouth with hot thick cum splashing on her tongue and soaking the moist flesh of her cheeks. Francine quickly closed her lips capturing and holding my wad of seed inside. My cock spurted again the cum coating her lovely pink lips.
Francine's hips bucked back against Kay's loins driving the rubber cock deep in her pussy as she flooded again.
My cock now nearly spent just oozed the remaining thick cum which I spread down over the shaft with my fingers.
Kay withdrew her fake cock and reached out to grasp hair then tug Francine's face from my lap.
Francine straighten up her lips glistening brighter pink now that they were also coated with a thick layer of hot cum.
Kay moved around so she was facing Francine directly in front of me. She dipped her knees slightly and before extending her tongue whispered. "Share him with me."
Francine's lips parted and the tip of her tongue appeared. A thick string of sweet hot cum rolled off her tongue and dropped into Kay's waiting mouth. Kay lapped at the string pulling every shared drop into the hot mouth. As she straighten up the last bit of cum dribbled from Francine's lips and onto her luscious tits.
"In fuckingcredible!" I exclaimed as the two of them continued moving my cum wad between their lips and mouths. Quickly their lips and chins were coated with my seed. Both awesome vixens enjoying the sweet taste of real cock.
My cock now totally spent lay limb against my thigh the final drops of cum oozing out to coat my own skin.
After swallowing their fair share of hot cum Kay and her raven haired lover licked and sucked each other clean. I just sat there watching the incredible show knowing that I'd just experience two awesome climaxes without every touching or being touched by the two sexiest women I've ever known.
Kay and Francine moved to the bed and for the next several hours I sat there watching them pleasure each other. First Francine ate Kay's sweet wet pussy to an awesome climax. Then Kay turned the tables and got Francine off orally. Together they both climaxed together as each one finger fucked the others pulsing pussy.
Eventually they collapsed together intertwining legs arms and bodies as one. Their soft full breasts pressing against each others as they basked in the glory of an incredible sexual experience.
As I drifted off to sleep I thought of the incredible sexual experience I was still to share with my two beautiful vixens of lust. I couldn't wait...
To be continued...