My mind was empty for the first few minutes as I drove back from the restaurant. I just about managed to go through some logistics like making sure of the time so my parents wouldn't be home, and that I was presentable enough to walk from the car to the house. Given how far I'd gone with them I was presuming that I'd be too shocked to think about what happened next, but as I went along familiar streets I realised that my mind wasn't really blank it was just calm.
I could get excited or nervous again easily, I just needed to recall some of the details. The look of terrified anticipation on Nick's face as he pulled my knickers down, or the feel of Tim's hands and penis on my body. However the feelings were in the past and I had no regrets or worries any more, just shock and delight that it had happened. Well I did have one regret, that it was over. Reliving it was one thing but I couldn't be surprised by past events, my thrills really came when I didn't quite know what would happen next.
This attitude didn't change for the rest of the day and it started to seem like a new normal. That meant the only real question that formed was what I'd be doing next. What I'd be doing as soon as possible. Far from worrying about overdoing things it seemed obvious I should just take every opportunity while I had lots of free time.
Initially my thoughts were about who to get in touch with. So far I'd just let Tom, Jim, Jeff and the rest of them choose what happened to me, so that seemed the obvious course of action. I hesitated because I didn't really know how to choose, I'd not seen Jim for a while, Jeff probably expected me to tell him about the restaurant and Tom always seemed like the most enjoyable to just hang out with. Maybe I should get Tom and Jim back together again, or Brad and Jeff. Or could I somehow get in touch with Nick?
Nothing seemed quite right and eventually I figured out why. The part of my last adventure that I relived the most were the moments in the corridor with Nick. They reminded me of how all this started, back when I was the one urging Tom and Jim to take more and more liberties with me. Back when it was me asking them to take my clothes off rather than them telling me to. It wasn't that I'd lost my taste for being a plaything, I thought about being one a lot too, it was just a side of my exhibitionism that felt it needed more attention right now. Getting in touch with people who already knew what I would do for them if they asked wasn't going to cut it. I needed to get out there and find some new blood.
That was daunting, but it wasn't as if I was starting from scratch. Along with various fantasies I'd had over the years there were situations I'd seen in films or TV that had excited me, and there were also the vague plans that I'd been having without particularly trying to over the last few weeks. There was one location that I'd thought about a lot as it seemed about the only place in public where it wouldn't be completely out of the blue for me to undress. I still needed a good story before any strangers would watch me undress, but I kept at it, running different scenarios through in my mind.
It felt close several times but it also seemed hopeless a lot of the time too. If there was one thing I'd learned lately, though, it was that lots of men wanted to watch me take my clothes off. All I needed to do was figure out a way to just ask them to, which, when put like that seemed the simplest transaction in the world. Once I had that simple formulation then things started to fall in place. Eventually I had a plan that seemed solid and that I didn't want to overthink. Working out the rest off the cuff would make it more fun, and it would also lessen the chances of deciding against it. It had taken a day of hanging about the house, but that evening I went to bed nervous and excited but also determined, and possibly even a little bit confident.
The next morning I had a few things I needed to prepare but that didn't take long. Like when I'd got ready for the restaurant I was deliberately not thinking about what would happen, that was already decided. Given there was no Tom or Jeff or Brad to make me carry on there might be more moments of doubt just before action, so I wanted to guard against them as much as possible.
I did need to choose my outfit, however, and that did require some reflection on what I wanted to happen. I needed to look professional but obviously also sexy. In the end I settled on a tight skirt that finished just above the knee, tights, a white blouse that I could unbutton a little without it seeming gratuitous and a jacket I got from my Mum's wardrobe. I put my hair up and decided to wear my glasses. Looking in the mirror I seemed right on the edge between a professional looking outfit that happened to be sexy and a sexy outfit that pretended to be professional. Possibly I was slightly over but that was perfect.
I took another moment to look at my breasts, bum and tiny waist which were all wonderfully tightly packed and emphasised. I tried to imagine a man's reaction if I told them I would get naked for them if they wanted. My stomach did a familiar flip of nervous excitement and I briefly wondered what on earth I thought I was doing. But it was only very briefly before my slightly blank determination to act took back over. I gathered what I needed, made my way to the car and set off.
My destination was one of the local malls, quite big and anonymous and featuring several large department stores that seemed perfect for what I wanted. I was pretty apprehensive as I made my way inside but I realised that a lot of that was wondering if I would find the right setup. I had a particular idea in my head of how to approach things and I knew that although some compromises might be needed if things were too out my confidence might desert me.
It took about half an hour of nervous scouting before I settled on a location. It had been the first I'd looked at but I hadn't been able to start without checking some others. I think I'd known it was fine immediately but it was fun to feel the fear build as I went from justified preparation to warring with myself. That familiar tug where I wanted to run away embarrassed and terrified but knew I would hate myself if I did. I couldn't believe what I was about to say to someone and felt thousands of excuses pulling at me, but at the same time I absolutely had to do it. For about the fourth time I started towards the changing rooms that I'd picked out telling myself that this first part was really simple. This time as I got closer I suddenly realised I was not going to turn back, my nerves were under control.
"Excuse me."
The guy at the entrance, who looked to be a bored student on a summer job, looked up. He didn't seem particularly excited by my appearance but it was early days.
"Yes, miss?"
"There's no problem with bringing someone in here with me is there? They'd wait outside the changing room till I'm ready, but it looks like there's plenty of room and wouldn't disturb the other cubicles." I looked past him as I said that as if checking, but this was one of the things I'd scouted. It was early and a week day so the shop was quiet but I'd already seen that exact thing happen.
"Yes, that's not a problem, people do it all the time."
"Great!" I smiled brightly at him, trying to over do it with confidence and happiness. "Well, hopefully I'll be trying quite a few things on today, and I'll be bringing a few people back with me. Is it alright if I put my things in the one at the end and then come back with my first few outfits?"
"I, er, think so." He seemed slightly confused now but still mostly bored.
"Thanks." I hesitated slightly, I wasn't sure if I needed to say more. He wasn't a big part of my plan but I wanted things to go smoothly when I brought someone back. He helped me out by asking a question.
"We don't normally let people save them for too long. You're not planning on being away for a while, are you?"
"Oh, I hope not." I smiled at him again. "You see, I'm doing an experiment for a college class and I need to find a few volunteers, but it shouldn't take long and then I'll be back. But, don't worry, I will be buying some things as well, I promise, I know I can't use your shop for free."
"An experiment? I, er, I think I might have to ask someone about that."
It sounded like he hated feeling the need to say that. I tried to look sad.
"Oh, no, don't say that. I shouldn't have said anything, all I'll be doing is trying on clothes. That is the experiment, you see. I promise." I tried to look at him appealingly.
"So, you're just asking people to look at what you wear?"
"Yes, just like a normal trip to the mall." I paused, I couldn't resist adding something more. "They get to pick my outfits, but I don't see why that changes anything."
"Oh, really?" He finally sounded slightly interested.
"Yes, that's the point, actually. It's to see how guys act if they can pick what I wear."
He had visibly perked up. "So they choose what you wear and get to see you in it?"
"That's the idea."
He looked me up and down. "And they can pick anything?"
"Pretty much."
He paused again, seemingly wondering what to say.
"Obviously if they knew me and it was in private," I smiled at him some more, "well, we think they'd probably pick the sexiest stuff they could. We want to find out how that changes in public, you know, it's a test of inhibitions."
He wondered some more but in the end he didn't come up with anything much. "I guess it's fine."
"Thank you."
I smiled again and took my bag to the changing room I'd picked out, looking back to make sure my new friend had seen and noted which room was now mine. It was at the end of the corridor which curved slightly, so there should be no opportunity for others using the changing rooms to see what I was doing inside. Now I just needed to find the first person who would get to watch.
I grabbed one of the clipboards I'd brought and a pen, but on the way back out I remembered one last thing I wanted to double check.
"Sorry to disturb you again, but it is fine to try on underwear in this shop, isn't it?"
He looked surprised again. "Yes, we do allow that, I think, but people hardly ever do."
"OK, just wanted to check." I gave him my best grin and made as if to head off.
"They can pick your underwear as well, then?"
I tried to look sheepish. "Well, er." I looked around as if deciding whether to trust him. "Yes." I smiled a little sheepishly.
"Why, what difference will it make under your outfits?"
"No, I mean .. they'll probably only be picking underwear."
"Wow." He'd kept his voice pretty flat and normal but the sentiment seemed genuine.
I shrugged. "I'm telling them it's for an underwear company. We give them the idea of me looking sexy, then see what happens."
"Do you need volunteers?"
I laughed a little. "You're working."
"I'll sort something out."
I chuckled again trying to make it a joke, he sounded pretty serious. "I don't think it would be a fair experiment now I've told you how it works." And this time I did manage to head on my way. It was a nice confidence boost before the next stage.
When I headed back into the shop, though, my nervousness started to rise again. Right now I could still just walk away and leave only a mildly confused employee, but if I went through with my next conversation that might not be true. I also needed to pick my target. This was all happening in a public place so I wasn't worried, but I enjoyed the idea of surprising someone that looked a certian way.
At first I wandered a bit aimlessly and I didn't really see any likely looking people. After five or ten minutes I got a bit worried that the changing room would be taken away from me, but part of the problem was how quiet it was so it seemed unlikely. I also realised that part of my fear was now being replaced by frustration that it might not happen.
That all probably contributed to why, when I finally did see someone who seemed to fit the bill, a man on his own but not hurrying somewhere, I found myself walking towards him without really sizing him up first. By that point it was more a relief to have found anyone.
"Hello, can I speak with you a moment?"
I'd already spoken before I'd had time to worry. It was happening. My target seemed to be in his 30s and had been looking a bit aimlessly at a rack of trousers. He turned to me.
"Sorry, I'm not interested in giving to charity today." He started to move away.
"I'm not one of those people, I promise. I'm doing a survey for a brand of clothing, it will only take a moment and if you're not interested I'll leave you alone."
I again tried my charming smile and I could see that this time he properly looked at me. I had one button undone on my blouse and a hint of my considerable cleavage was there to be glanced at.
"OK, as long as it's quick."
I launched into a speech I'd thought about a lot in the last day or so. "Well, it's for a brand of lingerie."
He cut in almost immediately. "I don't think I'm the target market for that, am I?"
"Not to wear it of course, but it's men like you that this survey is aimed at."
"Oh, fine."
"It's for a company that makes lingerie that's a bit more special than every day, and we know that around 30% of it is bought by men for women. Most of the time that's for a present and we know that the best presents are surprises, but that means the men have to buy it without ever seeing what it really looks like."
"What it really looks like?"
I tried to look at him a bit more directly. "What it looks like when someone wears it."
"I guess that's true." He still didn't sound too interested, but he was listening to me.
"So, I'm doing a survey to see if men are good at choosing something they like from the racks. That way, if it turns out they often get it wrong and pick underwear they find disappointing, the company can try to think of ways round it."
"So you want me to look at some underwear, is that it?"
I smiled harder. "Yes, exactly!"
He looked at his watch. "How long will it take?"
"Not too long, let me explain. First I'll ask you to pick out a few sets. It doesn't have to be from the brand I'm working for, but we'd ask you to choose something you think you'd buy for your wife or girlfriend." I paused a little bit. "I think you know what kind we mean." Then I carried on as normal. "Then I'd try each of them on for you and you'll rate each outfit once you see it in action."
I couldn't believe it, but there it was. There first time I'd just walked up to a stranger in public and told them I would strip if they wanted. I could feel myself shaking a little as was wonderfully normal but I tried to be as calm as possible as I looked at him. Predictably he was looking both far more interested and far more confused.
"You'll try them on? The lingerie I choose?"
I decided to not over complicate my reply. "Yes."
"And I get to .. how did you put it? Rate how you look in them?"
As ever with these sort of conversations I felt myself get more revved up with every word. "Yes, I'll be wearing whatever you picked out, and you'll rate how it looks on me."
"But where?" He talked more quietly, as if afraid of people listening.
"The changing rooms, we've arranged to have one put aside for us. There's space for you to wait outside while I change and then enough for two inside when I'm ready."
He shook his head and looked around him again. "This is a joke, isn't it?"
"No." I smiled again. "We realise it's a surprising survey and perhaps a little risqué, but you're under absolutely no obligation to take part and, if you do, then it will be very discreet. We won't take your name and there's no chance any other customers will know what we're doing."
He was looking a bit stunned now.
"You know, I'm just waiting for my wife." He sort of muttered that only half in my direction.
My spirits fell, there was surely no chance he could take part now. I cursed myself for being so impulsive and not waiting to watch him a little bit or look for other candidates.
"Oh, I'm sorry sir, this is just a survey for men's reactions."
I couldn't believe how disappointed I felt. I had been beginning to imagine this man seeing me in sexy underwear and maybe even further. He was pretty good looking, with short brown hair and stubble and was wearing a smart shirt and dark blue trousers. He was about 6 foot and slim but still built a bit in his arms and chest. He looked a little like a colleague of my Dad's I'd seen a few times and that thought excited me more.
He carried on talking while looking around him a lot, "well, I'm not meeting her for a little while." He thought more and then addressed me more confidently. "Could we be finished in half an hour?"
Internally I felt relieved but tried not to show it. "Oh, I'm sure we could!"
"And this definitely isn't a joke, I mean at this point it's not really funny any more so you can just tell me, OK?"
I laughed again, but then tried to sound serious. "Honestly, it's not a joke."
He stared for a moment. "Let me just send a text."
"OK!"
He stepped slightly to one side and fiddled with his phone, then looked up.
"Right, so what do I need to do?"
"The lingerie section is just over here, we'd suggest you pick out 3 outfits." I started to lead him across the store and he followed.
"Don't worry, I'll handle getting my size." I laughed slightly. "That's another area we've done a bit of research in and we know men aren't always great at getting it correct."
He didn't laugh and we carried on in silence for a little while. I soon felt the need to speak again, talking about underwear was a topic I figured we were both currently interested in.
"Have you bought lingerie for your wife before?"
"Not really, she's always had enough and.."
His sentence trailed off and he sounded slightly more nervous again, I don't think he wanted to think about her too much but, as I'd realised in previous adventures, married men watching me while I talked about their wives was something I enjoyed.
"Maybe that's for the best." We were almost there, the racks of bras and panties were clearly visible. "We suggest you choose things that I would look good in and not to consider your wife's body." I stopped by a row of lacy knickers. "After all, mine might be quite different to hers so I'd suit something else."
I posed slightly, putting my hands out to the sides and looking down at myself.
"You can have a quick look at me now but of course we don't want to prejudice you too much, the idea is to compare what you imagine when you're looking at the rack with reality later."
I waited for a moment then looked up, he had obviously been staring at my body. He stopped and glanced to my face again. I half wondered for a moment if he'd apologise, but he instead looked briefly at the racks, then back to me.
"So, I can pick anything?"
"Yes, anything. You can even mix and match to make an outfit for me, so.." I paused and picked up a black thong from behind me. "..you could pair these with something from somewhere else."
He stared at the tiny material. "Right."
"Do you like them?"
I held them out, wanting him to imagine how visible my bum would be in them. Hoping he'd realise by now that I would definitely be turning round for him while I had them on.
"Oh, yes, they're quite nice."
"Well, remember it's about what you think I'd look best in. Then we can see later if you were right."
After a very slow beginning where he wandered a little aimlessly he did start to choose things for me. I followed behind as he went, smiling at him for encouragement and finding the right size when needed.
He'd picked out a black and grey bra and panties combination which were small but not that small, and I still carried the original thong when we reached the small section for underwear that, as I'd put it earlier, was a bit more special. He seemed to be trying to look uninterested but to also check out every individual item there. I could tell that this was where he'd wanted to get to, he had probably seen it as we approached but was worried it would look bad to go there straight away.
"Are these more the style you're thinking of?"
"Oh, maybe." He was affecting a noncommittal tone, but was still engrossed in the lingerie.
"Well, it's up to you. You don't have to get a variety or anything, you could just get all three outfits right here if you like."
"Right."
I was hoping he would, now I'd seen some of the things on offer here up close I was already a little bored by the first outfit he'd picked.
He picked up a light, lacy top that seemed like it would drape over my breasts rather than support them. It also seemed pretty transparent.
"Perhaps this one?" His voice was slightly unsure.
"OK." I took it from him before he could think twice and checked the label. "Well, you keep looking and I'll find the right size."
I saw him obey out of the corner of my eye as I bent to rummage on the rack. It took a little while to find what I needed, and when I turned he had already picked out a few more.
I looked at each in turn, there were some knickers to go with the grey top that looked fairly full but with a very high waist band. They would leave the sides of my crotch exposed until well above my hips. Then a simple, muted dark pink set with a lacy, small half bra and some tiny thongs that were transparent at the front between the waist band and just above where my pussy would be. Finally, a complicated looking red corset but with numerous straps and laces and a very small lacy skirt. It seemed at first like a full piece of underwear but, when I really looked, the skirt was just a frill that would be somewhere above my waist. It had no knickers or bottom half at all and the bra 'cups' were just thin strings of small fake pearls to sit underneath the breast.
I could feel him staring at me as I stared at it. I was surprised he'd tried something so bold but then it was possible he had not even noticed, it really seemed like a normal set at first glance. There were laces and strings dangling from it everywhere, just none that might actually cover me up. I wondered what to say but I quickly realised I was only thinking about how to make it sound perfectly normal.
"OK, are these what you think I'll look best in?"
"Yes."
"So we'll put back those other ones?"
He nodded. I wondered if we were both as nervous as each other, I felt like I was on autopilot again. I was just about together enough to realise I'd made a fantastic choice this morning, it didn't quite feel like anything I'd done before.
"Right, I'll just get my sizes." He stepped back and I went to work, quickly finding the right pink bra and moving on to the strappy affair. I found one that seemed right for me, then, while still bent towards the rack said loud enough for him to hear.
"I just need to check if there are any panties that come with this."
There were pretty clearly none but we both waited while I did a little theatrical search. My companion watched, keeping quiet. I wondered if that was a tactic or just confusion. I straightened back up.
"It doesn't seem like there are any."
"Oh, right, should I.."
I ignored his sentence as it faded away, instead pretending to glance at my clipboard a few times. I paused again, I was trying to not over do it. "I, er, is that what you meant? Just this on its own?"
He looked at me and then the outfit, taking his time before speaking. "Yes, but I'd not really looked at it." He paused and offered. "It seemed nice, but I didn't know that it .. you know." He nodded towards my crotch, signalling what the outfit would leave uncovered. He still sounded somewhat innocent.
"I guess I'll check." I looked down again at the clipboard, this time with more purpose.
"I don't want to cause any trouble." He added slightly redundantly. I noted that he still wasn't quite withdrawing the request. I carried on 'reading' for a little bit.
"Well, it doesn't really say anything about what an outfit has to have, just that you get to choose them." I looked at him."
I carried on 'reading', then after another few seconds added. "It even says I shouldn't try and interfere at all with what you pick." I looked up at him. "I do remember that part from the training day, actually."
"So it's, er, fine for you to not wear any..?" We both knew what he was asking about, he sounded pretty calm but there was a slight nervous upwards inflection to his question.
I looked at the outfit then slowly nodded. "If that's what you choose I suppose it must be."
I smiled at him hopefully nervously. He waited but as I didn't seem to have anything more to say after a short while he turned back to the rack. A few moments later he took down a tiny black thong. There was nothing to it but string and a minuscule triangle of thin material with a small red heart on the waistband.
"If I can really pick anything then I did like this one."
"To wear with the corset?" I couldn't resist playing innocent.
"Well, more as a separate outfit, you know, after what you just said.."
"Is that, er, something you'd like to see me in?"
I was completely in my element now. The hesitancy and nervousness in my voice didn't feel like an act, it was deeper than that. My persona for the 'experiment' was how a large part of me really felt, I was, after all, asking a complete stranger to pick the skimpiest underwear to see me in. But of course I also wanted him to choose the thong more than I'd ever wanted anything else.
I felt him look at me, he finally answered a little quietly but very clearly. "Yes."
"And you'd really buy just that. You know, to wear on its own?"
It was his turn to shrug. "For my wife as a present then yes. That's the sort of thing I'm looking for, isn't it?"
I paused again and briefly looked at the notes and then around me. "That makes sense."
"It doesn't ruin the experiment, does it?"
"I don't think so, it is your choice." We looked at each other for a moment. It seemed he was again staying silent, still an effective tactic if it was intentional.
"Well, it's just in the changing room and just you." I tried to look like I'd reluctantly made a decision. "I, er, guess we get on with it."
I left him a little moment to celebrate internally, then continued. "So, you want the thong as one outfit and this red one too?"
"I think so."
I held it up in front of us, it dangled down to its full length. It couldn't be more obvious that it would end somewhere just below my belly button. There were a few dangling straps presumably in search of stockings and a few centimetres of frill around the edge, but they wouldn't cover anything."
The familiar sick feeling was there as I contemplated standing in front of him in a public changing room with my tits and pussy fully exposed. I couldn't help myself and carried on.
"And definitely no knickers?"
I'd been keeping an eye out to make sure no one else was too near to us as we spoke, but I still found myself talking slightly quieter.
"No." He sounded more confident all the time, my reactions were obviously giving him strength. I wondered about his wife, who was now probably waiting somewhere for him while we talked about whether he'd get to see my freshly trimmed pubic hair. It seemed that he would.
"And which of the other two?"
I held them up and he tried to make the choice. I could see his dilemma, the grey top would be pretty transparent but the pink set would leave far more of me completely uncovered. I saw him start to glance back towards the rack.
"Is there something else you'd prefer."
"Well, now that.." He tailed off as he looked again at what was available.
"Now that you know the rules better?" I saw him nod absentmindedly.
"Oh, maybe this." He reached for a black nightdress, it had a light, completely transparent black mesh to cover my breasts and an elasticated part to hug my abdomen. Then it was completed by a frilled out opaque silken skirt. It looked extremely short but should actually cover something. I was sure it was designed to be worn with knickers but equally sure that he wouldn't be choosing any. Nonetheless I figured we'd both get a kick out of the confirmation.
I held it up. "Anything else with it?"
"No, I don't think so." He sounded almost casual that time.
"OK then, let's go."
I set off towards the changing rooms, praying that my room hadn't been taken. This time as we walked he was the one feeling compelled to make conversation.
"Have you, er, done many of these so far?"
"No, you're my first one."
He waited to think about that a moment before continuing. "So, are you a model then?"
"No, just a student. I needed a summer job and the survey agency put an ad on facebook."
"They put out an ad for this and you applied?" It sounded like he was trying to not sound too surprised, presumably so I wouldn't come to my senses.
"Oh no, the ad was really vague and they only told me the details after an interview. I didn't think I'd do it at first, obviously, but.." I shrugged, "..I need the money and the pay's great, and, well." I looked across at him. "I think I have the figure for it." I waited a moment. "Though I didn't think anyone would be seeing quite as much of me as this."
"Look, honestly, if it's not OK then I can.." He was still making a half-hearted attempt to be chivalrous, even if he couldn't quite bring himself to finish the sentence.
"I should have listened a bit more, I guess. I mean, it's obvious what guys would pick for me to wear, isn't it?"
We'd stopped just short of the entrance to the rooms and were whispering slightly again. "I'll do this one with you and then see if I want to carry on, I shouldn't give up before I start."
I gave a little smile, he looked slightly uncertain but didn't seem about to stop me. After a moment I went forward to hand the items to the attendant.
"Hello again, here's what I'll take in this time. Three outfits."
He looked down at what little I'd handed over, seemed a little startled and then glanced at my new friend who was staring at his feet sheepishly. It seemed a comment was coming but then he thought better of it.
"OK." He handed them back along with a tag. "Last one on the right."
I smiled and we started towards the room, but as I passed the attendant he reached out to lightly stop me. My volunteer carried on.
The attendant whispered. "Look, I'll make sure this is all fine but it is a bit risky for me."
It didn't really sound like he was at all concerned, but I decided to go with it.
"Oh, thank you, but all I'll do is try on some clothes. He won't even be in there when I change."
He looked at me sceptically. "I don't quite know what's going on, but I'm sure it's something. It looks like you'll be practically naked in there."
"I said they get to choose, and.."
"I don't really care, but I think you'll need privacy won't you?"
I could see the other guy had almost reached the room, I decided to drop a little of my perkiness and act like I was levelling with him. "Yes."
"Well, it's simple then. I make sure no one disturbs you now and I get to do the 'experiment' later."
I couldn't see any reason to object even if I wasn't particularly sure he could cause us any trouble. "Fine."
He looked back still slightly angrily, it seemed he hadn't expected to get his way as easily as that.
"Anything else?" I didn't really wait for a response and set off down the corridor.
As I arrived it was the turn of my second new stooge to lower his voice.
"What did he want, is this not an official survey or something?"
I wondered what he thought he meant by an 'official survey', but I obviously went with it.
"Oh of course it is, he's part of the team. He just had to note down what you'd chosen." I turned and waved at the guy on the door, who nodded back looking mildly confused.
"See, it's fine, shall we get started?"
I opened the curtain as wide as it would go and stepped inside, the man stayed outside but turned to face me and watch. The room was about 2 meters wide by 3 meters deep and the curtain took up about two thirds of one side. There were mirrors all around the room and a small chair in one corner. I made sure to stand where he could see all of me in the reflections.
He was probably wondering when I was going to shut the curtain. My planning had been mostly about the part leading up to this, anything after had been vague at best. Partly it was fear, partly it was not wanting to get too excited, and partly it was because I knew it would be more fun to work it out as I went. As I reached to my jacket I could feel my hand trembling slightly but I was a professional at undressing for men by this point so it didn't worry me.
I took off my jacket quickly and hung it neatly on a hook, I could feel the blouse untuck from my skirt slightly as I reached up. I hoped my audience was paying attention to things like that. I turned back round, it certainly seemed like he was watching closely. I reached up to my hair but then stopped.
"Oh, sorry, force of habit. Do you want me to put my hair down?"
He paused, seeming to think about it.
"My hair comes down to about here, it's fairly straight but it does curl a little at the ends." I held my hands up to just below my shoulders, where my light brown hair often sat.
"Leave it up, I think." He sounded less nervous and beginning to get into things.
"You can change it later. What about my glasses? I can see fine without them."
"Er, leave them on." As he replied I started to unbutton the cuffs of my blouse, I was still on auto and hadn't decided anything about the curtain. At least to my conscious knowledge anyway.
"Oh, I'm supposed to say now what my measurements are, so you know exactly what you'll be seeing. I'm 34, 24, 36 and I'm usually a D cup, if you know what that all means?"
"I think so."
I untucked my blouse and then slipped off my shoes, kicking them to the back of the room.
"It means around here is 34 inches." I cupped my breasts. "Around here is 24." I pulled the blouse as tight as it would go to my waist and turned so he could see it from all angles. "And then around here is 36." I turned all the way round, bent slightly and lightly patted my ass.
"Right."
I began to unbutton my blouse from the bottom, I needed to go that far at least but I also knew by then it was probably it. I waited until I'd done the last button, then let it hang so it was slightly open. He could see a little of my bra and midriff.
I reached up and started to pull the curtain closed. "OK, see you in a little while." I realised I was now probably exposing more of me for him, though not for very long. Pretty soon I was closed in, the curtain reached both sides without trouble if you wanted it to. I took off the blouse, but at that point noticed the papers I'd prepared that morning. I picked one up and opened the curtain a little bit, I tried to keep mostly behind it but he would have seen that I now was only in my bra.
"Oh, I almost forgot, there's a form you need to fill in about your impressions of each outfit. We'll compare that to what you think when I wear them."
I handed him the form and a clipboard and pen. It had questions I'd just typed out quickly without thinking too much, I couldn't even really remember them but it seemed worthwhile to keep the pretence up for now. He took the form, stepped back and dutifully started reading. I looked at him for a moment, he was fairly handsome in a generic way but did look like any other older, middle aged guy to me. That he seemed so anonymous and part of the real world just made me even more excited.
I closed the curtain and quickly got naked, then started to think about what to wear first. I quickly realised it had to be the night dress, there was some chance my pussy would be on display but that was better than a 100% chance with the corset, and the final option was nothing but the tiniest thong I'd ever seen.
"Excuse me." It was my soon to be audience.
"Yes?"
"One of the questions is about 'the look and feel' and, well, I didn't actually feel any of them really. It probably doesn't matter, but maybe I should before you put them on?"
"Oh, right, yes."
I did remember that as something I'd put down. 'Look and feel' seemed like one of those meaningless marketing terms, but it was hard to argue with his interpretation.
"I'll just pass them out to you."
I gathered them together and turned to the curtain, although I was completely naked it never occurred to me to get dressed. I opened it slightly and just poked my head out, smiled, and then reached a hand round. I was sure it was obvious how unclothed I was but also pretty sure nothing was on display. He reached out and took them, I saw his eyes flicker downwards but there was no real reaction.
"Just let me know when you're done."
I put the curtain back in place and waited, it wasn't long before he told me he was done and I repeated the process. This time, though, I paused with my head poking out.
"What's your name?"
"Owen."
"Pleased to meet you. It felt a bit weird to be about to show you, er, what I'm about to show you but not know your name."
"What's yours?" He sounded polite but not really too interested.
"Claire." I answered before really considering if I should give a fake one, it was another detail I hadn't worked out.
"Hi, Claire."
I smiled and shut the curtain. I knew I was reaching the point where I'd be close to naked for him, but the real point of no return had been reached long ago. I briefly marvelled that although my heart was in my mouth and the anticipation was almost too much, I didn't have the slightest feeling of hesitation or regret.
Slipping on the night dress was incredibly easy, the silk slid down my body and it just took a few tugs to get the tight, stretchy material below my breasts and the transparent, barely there mesh over them. I looked in one of the mirrors, as expected I was essentially topless but I looked great and the silk skirt did at least fall low enough to cover me. Any movement and I risked showing everything but it was the best I could have hoped for. I paused only slightly before turning to open the curtain wide.
He had been looking at his phone but put it away immediately. His face was the usual picture, a sort of shocked, glassy eyed excitement. He looked me up and down a few times, then valiantly tried for eye contact before breaking away. As ever I needed to work a little to get him more comfortable.
"What do you think?" I said, letting the nervous, eager to please side of me show through. I held the bottom of the skirt at each side and invited him to look more closely. "Is it what you expected?"
He took the opportunity to look back, obviously majoring on my completed exposed tits. I could tell the nipples were hard, in their sensitive state it was the only part of my boobs that could feel the mesh.
"I'm not sure. I think so."
"Did you think it would be like this." I pointed to my boobs. "I know I often find it hard to judge how transparent clothes will be."
He looked down again and I looked with him. "It almost feels like I'm not wearing anything there, to be honest."
"Yeah, it does look like that." His tone was incredibly distracted, as if he was giving about 2% of his attention to deciding what to say. His look was anything but distracted, though.
"Shall I show you from behind?" It was something he could already see in at least one mirror, but he nodded and I dutifully tuned round.
"Does it cover my bum? I couldn't really tell when I was putting it on."
He leaned in slightly as if to get a better look. This time his tone seemed slightly more engaged. "I think it's all covered, I maybe saw a little bit as you turned but nothing much."
"Is that what you expected? I'm supposed to ask about what might be different from what you imagined and see if it's possible to alter things slightly."
"Oh, right, well I guess I did think I'd see something. You know, maybe a hint of your, well.." He trailed off slightly, I supposed wondering how best to refer to my ass.
"My butt cheeks?" I was still trying to sound as innocent as possible.
"Yeah, just a little bit, you know."
"Well, maybe if I.." I hitched the shoulder straps up and around a bit, bouncing the skirts and seeing if it would easily sit higher. "How's that?" I couldn't actually tell what had happened, but it felt like a little more was exposed and I'm sure my bum had been on display briefly as I adjusted things.
"Oh, OK, that's a bit better."
I smiled at him over my shoulder, then turned round. His eyes immediately found my breasts again.
"Was there anything else you were surprised by?"
"No, I, er, don't think so." He was back to hesitating distraction.
"So, can you fill in your form?"
"Oh, right." He picked it up and got to work. I tried to remember exactly what I'd put, there were maybe four questions and just repeats of the first section really. He scribbled down a few things then looked up.
"There's the 'feel' question again."
"Oh, right."
"Should I.." He stepped slightly forward but there wasn't any real doubt that he was waiting for my permission.
"I don't know, I do remember that being on the form so I suppose so." I stepped slightly backwards so there would be room for us both in the changing room, he hesitated only a little before putting the clipboard down and moving towards me. I stood in place as he put one hand out and grabbed me lightly just above the hip. I still didn't react and he felt bold enough to rub his hand up and down ever so slightly.
"Does it feel OK?"
"Yes, absolutely." He rubbed again a little more, but still sticking to very neutral parts of my hip and side. After a while as I continued to just let him he brought a second hand up.
"Is that fine?"
"So far." I looked down at myself. "I suppose you should try all the different materials."
He nodded then looked down at my body, I was beginning to feel a little like I had with the men in the room at the restaurant.
"I guess that's OK too."
He didn't reply but after a few moments moved both hands down and then around me, cupping my bum very lightly but noticeably. As he moved them back up I could feel the skirt lift, I wondered if he could see the view in one of the mirrors. Given how much taller than me he was I expected so.
He brought his hands back around my abdomen and the skirt slipped back in place. I'm sure he was thinking about exploring my breasts next but in his distraction slightly lost his balance and pushed me very lightly backwards. It was nothing but I stumbled slightly and he stepped away apologising.
"Oh, it's fine," I said quickly. "Though it is a bit cramped with us both stood in here, isn't it? Maybe it's easier if you sit down?" I pointed to the chair.
"OK."
He walked over and took a seat. I smiled and followed, then, taking care to hold the skirt, gently lowered myself onto his lap. I could feel immediately that it was my naked arse that was making contact with his groin and that something was going on there already. It wasn't yet an obvious, outlined erection like I'd encountered before but I couldn't tell if that was because he had more to give or his underwear was too restraining. I hoped for his sake it wasn't the latter, we had a long way to go.
I shuffled around to half face him. "Er, let me know when you've got enough to answer the question, I guess?"
"OK."
As I'd sat down he'd put one hand naturally on the small of my back, and at some point the other had strayed onto my lower leg. He began by moving that one up my body.
"I suppose you maybe do have to touch me as well." His hand stopped just below the skirt, he lifted it and looked at me as if caught, which he had been.
"Oh, sorry, I.."
"Well, you're judging how *I* look, not just the underwear so.." I nodded to his hand above my bare skin, "..you need to judge how *I* feel too. I mean, I guess."
"Yeah, that's what I thought." He wasn't too shy too bluff an excuse, it seemed. "Is that OK?"
I shrugged, I could feel myself bounce on his lap slightly. "I really should have paid more attention to the training, but it makes sense." I waited. "And I did say I'd do this one properly."
He looked at me carefully, I held his gaze and didn't otherwise move. Eventually his hand settled back onto my thigh, than began a journey, over the skirt and up, inevitably to my breasts. He let it rest there lightly before tracing gently from one to the other with his finger tips.
"Does it feel like I'm wearing anything?"
"I, er, I guess it's hard to tell."
"I think you need to touch me like you would, well.." I set my shoulders back slightly, emphasising my tits which were already very close to his face. "..Someone you'd buy this for in real life."
"OK.." His other started up my back. "Are you sure?"
I just shrugged again, as if it wasn't quite my decision. It was all the encouragement I was going to give him but it was more than enough. I felt the hand on my breasts start to grip and grope more in earnest, with his other arm on my back. Things progressed quite quickly as no matter how enthusiastically Owen gripped, squeezed and groped I let him. If I did move it was to give him more access to the parts of me he seemed to want. After a little while he pulled me further towards him and I found myself shuffling around on his lap until I was sat with my back to him.
"Is this better?" I managed to ask but his only reply was to carry on exploring me, now using both hands as I leaned back onto him. My body was responding as I'd imagined it would and I could feel a definite warmth around my pussy. I think I moaned very slightly as I felt a hand dip towards it, he brushed it very briefly through the skirt, then moved back to my breasts. His face was now very close to the back of my neck, as if he was going to start kissing it at any moment. After a while the hand moved down again more slowly but more purposefully, I gasped in anticipation but it was too audible and it broke the spell.
"Sorry, I.." He'd stopped but I was still on his lap, still feeling his erection on my bare bum. I could see that he'd freed one of my nipples from the mesh but I left it exposed.
"That's OK, though maybe it's time to move on. Do you think you could score this outfit?"
"Yes, I think so."
I smiled and stood up, then handed him the clipboard. I watched him write for a little while, taking the opportunity to slip the nightdress back over both of my tits.
"I think it's probably best if I close the curtain." He looked up but didn't say anything as I shut us in. There didn't seem to be anyone else in the rooms but it was the sensible thing to do.
After a little while longer I couldn't resist and turned to pick up the thong. I got it straightened out in my hand, looking again at just how tiny it was, then went in to action.
"I guess I could just get changed now."
I hoped this was enough to make him watch and keeping my back to him I slipped the thong over each leg, then pulled it up. I took a moment to settle it into place, lifting the skirt to expose my butt as I did, but I quickly dropped it back down. I turned round.
It seemed like he'd finished writing and so had had the opportunity to watch what I'd just done.
"Are you ready for the next one?"
He nodded.
I reached to pull the nightdress over my head then hesitated.
"Oh, that's something they mentioned. You know, about things guys often didn't know. Would you know how to take this off? If your wife or whoever was wearing it?"
"I'm not sure."
"Do you want to try?"
"Yes."
He stood and after a moment reached out and slipped one of the shoulder straps across. I helped shrug it off and we repeated the second shoulder. The tension of the top across my boobs held it in place, so he started to tug it down and pretty soon both of my tits were free. It didn't make much difference to my exposure level but Owen was watching them closely anyway.
"I guess now you can see exactly how transparent the top was." He stopped for a moment and continued staring at my boobs, giving them his full attention. Which was the point of my comment, obviously.
Pretty soon, though, he went back to work but soon hit the snag I'd guessed he would. The elasticated part that hugged my abdomen and waist had no chance at passing my sizeable bum. He tugged a few times but it was clear it was a no go. Through all of this I'd stood as still as possible letting my naked tits jiggle away inches from his face as he tugged at the nightdress. I could even feel his breath on them.
"I guess it needs to go the other way."
"Exactly." I smiled and raised my arms, I felt him grab the skirt and lift and soon I was stood in front of him in nothing but a pair of minuscule panties. There was still a tiny part of me stunned by my level of exposure, but by this point it was maybe smaller than my underwear.
"What do you think?"
I stepped back slightly and he sat back down, then proceeded to run his eyes over every inch of my body. I waited a little while then turned slowly to show him from behind. It was his first chance to really study my ass so I gave him longer.
"May I?"
At first I didn't know what he was asking, but I soon felt one of his hands grip the tiny string waistband on my right hip. As he ran a finger around its inside slightly I turned to look over my shoulder.
"Are you thinking about how to take that off as well?"
"Oh, I, er, wanted to see how tight it was on you."
I turned round and smiled at him. He let my body move under his hand and kept it cradling my hip as I faced him.
I reached down and slipped a thumb inside at each hip, then pulled them out as far as I dared. He dropped his hand and I felt the material lift away from me at the front. If I was doing it right it was still keeping things concealed from Owen's perspective.
"It's tight, but not that tight. Is that OK?"
"Yes, thanks."
I put the thong back in place, then gently smoothed the material just about covering my pussy.
"One thing about thongs like this, you have to be pretty neatly trimmed to wear them."
We both looked down. "I shaved this morning and I don't leave much hair, so it's all just about covered up." As he checked to make sure I wasn't lying a thought entered my head that I couldn't resist.
"Would you have considered that before buying? Could your wife wear something like this? "
He looked up, surprised. "My wife?" He hesitated, I suppose wondering whether to answer. I tried to look as casual as I could dressed only in my tiny knickers. It was enough to get him to continue. "Well, she does shave, but not all the time."
I smiled. "Lucky you asked me to wear them then."
He nodded, looking a bit sheepish suddenly. I saw him pat the phone in his pocket reflexively.
"Shall we carry on or do you need to send another text?"
"I.." He paused. "I think it's fine."
I smiled, "I'm sure she'll wait for us."
I was partly trying to distract from what he was about to do. Last time he'd made a few cautious passes across my pussy but now the only place on my body he had to feel the thong was right over it. I knew I wouldn't hesitate to let him touch me there despite never having allowed it previously, as ever I was completely carried along by the setup. I wondered if he'd thought of it like that yet. It seemed inevitable he had, even with all my talk about his wife.
I lowered myself into his lap once more and immediately felt his stiff penis below my bum. I tried to shift myself so it sat nicely between my ass cheeks, for both our sakes. Given what I'd done yesterday I couldn't help but think about reaching down and re-arranging it myself. After a few moments jiggling about on him it seemed obvious what I was up to.
"Are you comfortable?" I asked when it seemed I'd succeeded as best I could.
"Yes." His voice was almost tense.
"Well." I spread my legs noticeably and looked down to my groin, I don't know if I was imagining it but there already seemed to be a darker patch on the thong. "Over to you."
He again started by sliding a finger inside the waistband somewhere near my hip. This time though he moved around towards my pussy and I held my breath. It seemed he might immediately touch me beneath the material but as he neared he slipped his fingers out. He ended up gently rubbing three of them across my sliver of close cropped pubic hair that was just below the top of the thong.
I wanted to ask him if he felt it but the words wouldn't quite come, I realised I was still holding my breath.
Owen, though, had other ideas. After a few more gentle passes he raised his hand and after some vague explorations of my stomach he grabbed each breast and began to grope them like last time. I let him enjoy them for a few moments but I couldn't ignore my disappointment.
"Owen, you're trying out the thong this time, aren't you?"
"I thought it was more the way *you* felt." He hadn't stopped so much as slowed down slightly. He had a point given what I'd said last time. "Shall I stop?"
"No, it's your choice where to touch me."
I felt hands begin to move again but after a few more squeezes one started to slide back down my body. As it neared the thong for a second time it slowed down, without thinking I opened my legs wider in anticipation. Owen's resolve held and I felt his fingers slip down over my pussy.
As he gently stroked it a couple of times I was vaguely wondering why I was so turned on today. The other times I'd mostly felt the fear and embarrassment of being naked for men I hardly knew and not as much the sexual side. I supposed it was partly me getting more comfortable in these situations and partly how quickly we'd gone this far. He seemed more good looking by the second and his touch was clearly doing things for me.
As it was he tried to keep things semi respectable, he'd moved up and down with what felt like three fingers several times, each time more firmly but soon stopped. At that point I would have let him do anything but I still wasn't quite ready to ask him to. I felt his hand raise slightly and come to rest at the waist band just above my pussy, his thumb tentatively and very slightly tucked into it.
I looked down, it seemed a very hesitant gesture but it was as if he was going to peek inside. I shuffled on his lap a little, his stiff penis very obviously was still wedged between my buttocks. He looked up and I caught his eye, I could see him want to look away almost immediately but I tried to sound as innocent as possible.
"Were you thinking of checking my pubic hair? After what we were talking about earlier?"
"I.." Even with the confidence he'd been finding lately he didn't quite know what to say, I don't think he'd been thinking of anything in particular.
"I thought you'd be able to feel it, to be honest. It's just here." I took his hand and moved it down slightly until his fingers rested on it.
"That's it, can you tell through the thong?"
He moved his fingers as we both stared at what he was doing to me. "Oh, yes, I think so."
"You'll be able to see it soon, anyway." I waited till he looked at me. "I'm pretty sure everything below about here will be on display." I pointed to a spot just below my belly button. "Are you looking forward to it?"
He looked at me again and a strange almost pained expression crossed his face, which was now very close to mine. I knew it to be anticipation and nervousness, with maybe a little embarrassment and confusion. It was a mix I knew well and I wondered if I'd gone too far. I tried a distraction.
"Oh, are you uncomfortable?" I shifted upwards in his lap, raising my bum off his dick a little bit.
I shuffled about pretending to try and help but quite deliberately bouncing on it as hard as I dared. His hands came up and gripped me tightly on each hip trying to steady me.
"Sorry, I should have realised."
"No, it's fine, it's.."
I ignored him and bounced and shuffled some more, bending my head to look down at his lap. "And I'm in your way too, you probably need to rearrange." I lifted one butt cheek and while flashing him a smile quickly reached my hand down. It didn't take me long to locate his cock and I took hold, trying to move it about slightly.
I looked up to his face. "It does feel a bit squashed." His hands gripped my hips more and more tightly.
"Oh, Claire, there's really no need" He seemed distracted.
"No, it's fine, it's the least I can do."
I gave his package a few more squeezes and tugs, but then stopped. Although he looked relieved I'd finished he hadn't made any actual effort to stop me. His trousers were thin and slightly roomy but it had felt locked in place by his underwear. Not that I was trying to accomplish anything more than just teasing him.
"I'm sorry, I'm not sure I helped." I stood up and turned to face him. "They did mention at the training that this might happen, that you might get, well, excited, so it's no big deal. It's what this underwear is for, after all."
I tried to smile reassuringly, I noticed he now had one hand cupped over his groin.
"One girl whispered to me that a lot of guys would be pointing it down the leg of their boxer shorts. I thought perhaps I could do that for you."
"I'm not wearing boxer shorts."
"Oh, is that why it's so tightly packed?"
His look was noncommittal.
"Look, do you want to take them off?" I wasn't thinking this through much, I wasn't thinking past how wrong it would feel with his hard cock completely free beneath the thin, loose material of his trousers.
"Sorry?" He sounded more confused than shocked.
"And put your trousers back on, of course. It's just if you're uncomfortable and we can't finish then, well, if I don't even complete my only experiment I won't get paid at all."
"I don't think I should take my trousers off.."
"It's fine, it's a changing room. I'll step outside while you do, of course." He was still just looking at me so I carried on talking as quickly as I dared. "Please say you will, I do really want to get at least this one sorted." I paused only briefly as he still didn't reply. "I know I'll be able to relax more if I don't think I'm about to do you an injury. Plus, I think it would make us both much more comfortable." I tried to hold his gaze as I said that last part but he was mostly looking away. There was a fairly lengthy pause.
"But, you can't go outside like that, can you?"
It wasn't something I'd considered and even now my main thought was excitement that my friend at the desk would see me. I needed to be more convincing for Owen, though, and looked about the room. Inspiration struck again.
"I'll put my jacket on. It's just my colleague out there." I'd started slipping it on as I spoke, hoping to make this a fait accompli.
"I don't know, Claire."
"He might not even notice."
"No, I mean.." He looked downwards.
"No one will see you, honest." I smiled and open the curtain, I figured if I left what choice would he have. I heard him start to say something more, but I was already closing it again behind me.
Once outside it was only a matter of seconds before the attendant noticed me. He looked interested and I tried to smile reassuringly, but it wasn't a big surprise that he was soon out of his seat. I took a few a few steps towards him before we met and he began whispering.
"I thought you were staying in the room and he'd leave?"
"Well, it turned out I had so little on it didn't seem worth it for him to leave, but now he needs to take care of something."
He peered at me sceptically. I realised what that sounded like but it was possibly close to the truth. Nonetheless I tried again. "Oh, no, not that. I think he wants to text his wife."
He raised his eyebrows but didn't comment on that. He carried on looking at what I was wearing. "Do you just have on that jacket?"
"No, of course not, I've got some knickers on as well."
He glanced over his shoulder. "This is a bit risky, you know."
"I thought you said you'd keep it private for us?"
"Well, yeah, I've turned a few people away but it's still a shop and if someone came now I'm not at the front.."
I smiled at him. "Maybe you'd best get back there?"
He looked over his shoulder again, then stepped closer. "Maybe a preview first." His hand reached tentatively forwards to my jacket.
"I'm not sure about that. What makes you think you deserve it?" I tried to sound against it but I didn't stop his hand form settling lightly on the top button. The only one that was fastened.
"I, er, think it's only fair, really."
I held his gaze but still didn't move, "you do, do you?" I wondered if he'd have the nerve to undress me.
He looked down at his hand, then over his shoulder, then back to me. I met his eyes confidently again. Eventually he summoned the strength and I felt him ease the button through and the jacket gently swing open, but I quickly gathered it together and backed away.
"OK, there's your treat, now get back to work."
He looked up. "I barely saw anything!"
I shooed him towards the front desk with my hand, I was feeling incredible.
"OK, I'll go, but we have a deal, remember."
I smiled at him till he was settled back at the entrance then headed back the few steps to my own changing room.
"Are you ready?"
"Yes." Owen sounded perfectly normal. I was beginning to wonder if he was just naturally a man of few words, and that his brevity didn't necessarily mean he was nervous. I opened the curtain and stepped inside, closing it behind me.
"Everything sorted?" I couldn't help but look down to his lap as I asked, it didn't look particularly different but I did see his underwear on the floor behind his chair. His phone was there as well, it seemed he didn't want anything in his trouser pockets.
"I think it's fine."
"I guess we should continue." I reached up to the jacket button, Owen's gaze followed my hand but he didn't look as excited as he had earlier. I suppose I had upped the ante by asking him to get half naked as well.
I was still pleased to see a reaction as he once again took in my body in the black thong. I turned and re-hung the jacket feeling his look now on my bum. I took down the next outfit, wondering if I'd put it on first before taking off the knickers or not. As I turned back to face Owen I realised that it didn't really matter, the thong, or lack of, would be completely visible in either case.
As I tried to arrange the corset to slip on I saw Owen shuffle forwards towards me.
"I should take those off for you, shouldn't I?" He nodded to my underwear and started to lean in.
I stepped back slightly. "I don't know, that was only because the last one was complicated. I'm pretty sure most men would know how to take my panties off." I laughed as if it were a joke but I already knew that if he pushed it even slightly he could do what he wanted.
"Well, it would give me a chance to feel them again, I haven't filled that part in yet."
He had stopped his movement, but it seemed he was going to do what was required to strip me himself. "Are you sure you didn't get enough earlier? It did feel like it when we were sat together."
Although my words weren't encouraging the tone was very unsure and I was again stood within easy reach and doing as much as I could to present my body.
"Not really," he said, and after a few moments when I still didn't move away he reached up again. This time I stepped into his grasp giving him clear permission. I held the next item up out of the way and added redundantly, "OK, I guess it's fine." I could already feel my knickers being inched down.
Owen didn't waste time, and pretty soon I was letting him slip them off my feet. I straightened up and he sat back, taking me in. His look was squarely on my pussy. I let him look for a few moments then spoke up.
"Can you finish the questions now?"
"Yes, I think so."
"I'll put this on while you're doing it."
He nodded and we both set to work.
I realised that to get it on I'd need to loosen the laces quite a bit. That meant, of course, that I remained naked as I did this with Owen not being particularly discreet about taking frequent breaks to keep an eye on me. This time I didn't bother to turn my back, I would be effectively naked for the rest of our time together.
Eventually it seemed ready, Owen had stopped by then so dropped any pretence of not just staring. As I slipped it over my head I felt slightly sick and wobbly, incredibly excited and also quite warm and wet. I realised I couldn't wait to feel his cock on my body again, which increased my tingly excitement considerably.
It was easy enough to slip down, but I then needed a few moments to extricate some bits of lace and strap. I arranged the 'skirt' even though it, as expected, ended just slightly below my belly button. I started to lace up the corset, pulling it as tight as I dared. I could feel my breasts lift even higher.
When that was done I turned my attention to my tits, making sure the pearls sat underneath each one as seemed to be intended. That presented them even more pertly and my rock hard nipples were now pointing practically to the ceiling. That done I looked at Owen and smiled.
"I think I'm ready."
He had been staring at me for a few minutes so there was no sudden reaction, instead I saw him peer between my legs. "Shouldn't that be fastened?"
I looked down confused, I couldn't see anything. "Er, what?"
For a moment it seemed he was going to reach himself but he thought better of it. "It's at the back, I think it comes round underneath and.."
I turned my head to look, there was a thin sting of fake pearls dangling between my butt cheeks. I'd not really paid much attention and assumed it was part of the suspenders, but it did now look quite different to the other straps.
"I think it connects here." Owen reached forwards and lifted the frill near my belly button, there was a small gold hook. I had seen that the end of the string had a similar looking ring, it certainly seemed he was correct.
"Oh, right, well." I couldn't see any way to look particularly dignified so reached between my legs as quickly as possible.
As I brought it to the front I felt immediately that it would be tight. In fact it at first didn't reach at all, I looked down wondering what to do.
"It needs to be at the front, I think."
Owen was looking intently at what I was doing as he offered this advice. I could feel that the pearls were coming around the top of my left thigh. ""Oh, you mean it needs to go across my, well, my, pussy?"
He nodded.
I was starting to have that out of body feeling again, I heard myself say simply, "OK," and start to shift it across. As I got it in place and then pulled it taught I could feel it work its way slightly into the folds of my vulva, I might have let out a little gasp as I finally managed to hook it. It felt very tight, and as I straightened again the pearls slid slightly along my pussy and almost across my clitoris itself.
"Does, er, that look like you imagined?"
I found myself reaching down to frame the pearls, and of course my pussy, with my hands, I'm sure pulling my lips a little farther apart for Owen's inspection. He made sure to take it all in as closely as he could, then gave a quick, "I think so."
I took a step backwards and I felt the pearls move across me again. This would take some getting used to, my thoughts were getting cloudier and cloudier. All I wanted was to sit back on his lap so that's what I did.
"Time for the this part, I think." I managed to say as I started to lower myself onto him, Owen obviously had no objections even though we'd probably skipped a few parts of the rigorous experimental procedure.
I could feel the difference immediately, not least because his dick was now pointing upwards along his body towards the waist band of his trousers. It was also bigger and stiffer and I could feel it slip freely across the material as I let myself fully sink onto it.
"Oh, that feels better," I said as I shuffled from side to side, letting it slip nicely into place between my butt cheeks. There was no pretence that I was talking about anything other than his cock.
Owen immediately brought his hands up to my body, gripping me slightly at the waist and lifting me a little, before his hands rose to my tits and my body slid back down against him. I felt him press his penis even more firmly against me and it was obvious what he was hoping I would do. By this stage there was no chance of me disappointing him, and as he started to again play with my breasts I began to do all I could to slide my bum up and down his seemingly rock hard dick.
I think that over the next minute or so we both let out little noises of pleasure, but this time it didn't stop us. At some point he dropped both hands to my waist and started to lift me in the rhythm he obviously preferred. Without thinking about it I shifted forwards and used my feet on the floor to brace myself and add some more pressure. I wondered if he could feel the pearls, but they were so deep in my ass I doubted they were making much contact with him. They might have also felt as good for him as they did to me, rubbing my pussy with each stroke.
I could again feel his hot breath on my neck and I was both anticipating a kiss and wondering how long it might take when a noise did disturb us. Like at Geoff's a few weeks ago it was a mobile phone.
It took a could of rings for us to stop completely and we were still pressed against one another when Owen said, "I think I have to answer that."
I got up and he reached down for his phone. "Is it your wife?" He nodded as he answered it.
"Hello." He managed to sound pretty normal, I thought.
He paused, listening and I noticed something poking out from the top of his waist band.
"Oh, are you there already?"
The catch of his trousers had come undone and his penis was visible, I caught his eye and pointed down. Owen looked, a brief expression of surprise crossing his face before he tried to use his free hand to tuck himself back in.
"Well, I'm not sure, I'm trying something on."
He didn't have much luck, his erection wasn't helping things. Without hesitating I dropped to my knees and shuffled forwards between his legs. I mouthed, 'don't worry' at him and reached up. He again looked surprised and tried to shoo my away, but with only one hand and clearly not wanting to go so far as to physically prevent me, it wasn't too effective.
"I, er, don't think so."
His voice was still pretty measured, even as I held his dick and carefully slid down the rest of his fly. I figured I needed all the space available if I was going to try and get it out of sight. It still felt as hard as it could get.
"Right, right, but.."
I guessed he was probably trying to prevent her coming looking for him. I supposed I should hope he succeeded but for some reason I didn't care, I was mostly focused on the sensation of handling his cock. The usual small voice was marvelling at the experience but I was largely being guided by physical instinct.
Once the fly was undone I brought his penis forwards as if to put it down into his trousers, but it was immediately clear that was impossible. I ended gripping it firmly in one hand as it pointed to my face very close by, resisting any further movement down. His clothes were now pretty effectively moved out of the way. I couldn't resist. With a little smile in his direction I begin to slowly stroke, my fingers wrapped most of the way around.
He shook his head looking perhaps a little more than slightly worried and put his free hand on one of my arms. It still wasn't preventing movement, though, and I carried on steadily. I at least realised I didn't want to provoke what happened with Chris. Well, not while he was still on the phone.
"No, honestly, I'll be there soon." Then just a brief pause. "I really have to go," and he ended the phone call.
I carried on pumping his cock and looked up at him. "Will she wait for us to finish?" I wasn't certain exactly when my plan had changed to this, but it was now obvious I intended to make him cum.
He waited for a little while, it seemed as much enjoying what I was doing as deciding what to say. "Is this part of the experiment?"
I smiled, "not officially, but if you can't even put your trousers back on then how can you properly concentrate on my underwear?"
That seemed good enough for him and he shuffled himself in the chair, slumping down a little and getting more comfortable. I shifted with him but kept up my work, starting to use my second hand to play with his balls and help with his dick. I felt like my technique was improving with every stroke. I realised I was approaching this like work experience, if I was going to keep exposing myself to men then it was just part of the deal.
It was much more than that as well, though, I was still as wet as I'd been and I started to wonder if I could use one hand to help myself. I was crouched and the pearls were pulled even tighter across my pussy and moving slightly, but I wanted more. I didn't dare do it, though, it seemed like a loss of control when I'd just taken charge of Owen's cock and was doing what I wanted to him.
I concentrated more and more on my hands as they moved up and down caressing his cock and balls. Owen was keeping up a quiet but steady stream of grunts and groans of pleasure, but apart from that seemed content to let me work. It didn't seem like the sound would carry to the desk.
I was fascinated and enjoyed gripping and squeezing his penis in different places and then feeling and hearing him react to it. As I stroked down I drew a finger across the very moist head much more firmly than usual, even letting my nail trail against it slightly. I was delighted to elicit a new sounding gasp.
I was perhaps ignoring the rest of him too much though, as after an indeterminate period of time I felt his hands settle on my head. I don't know if it was my mood or a genuine difference in the way he acted, but this unlike with Tim it felt perfectly normal and I moved my mouth closer to his penis without thinking that much.
Actually taking it inside was something else however, and as the time came to make a decision I resisted. Owen wasn't holding me very firmly so it was easy enough to stop.
"I don't think I need to go that far, do I?" I looked up, his face seemed slightly sweaty. I'd carried on using my hands but my pace had probably slackened a little. It looked like he was trying to gather his concentration to be able to say something. Finally he succeeded.
"That's OK." It didn't appear he'd protest.
After a little while he managed to again speak between sighs and heavy breaths. "What will we use to clean up?"
I looked around briefly. There wasn't really anything and, as I'd learned the other day, it could be an issue.
"Could we use your underwear?"
He shook his head as I carried on pumping his cock. "No, I couldn't take them back home." He had a point, it was the same reason we couldn't use any of my clothes.
Something occurred to me, I looked up again. "Is that why you wanted me to use my mouth?"
He just about managed a shrug but it got the point across. A few moments later and despite myself I started to contemplate it. I couldn't, could I? The idea seemed remote, I couldn't even really imagine what it would be like.
He moaned softly a few more times, then managed to half grunt. "I'm getting close." His face was contorting a little, it seemed Owen wasn't holding back despite our predicament. What I was doing to him can't have helped.
"OK, are you sure you're close?" He nodded and I realised I had to act. As I lowered my head I had a tiny moment to contemplate if I wasn't just being a pushover again, but pretty soon I was taking his cock into my mouth and all my senses were attuned to that.
The first impression was the taste, stale and salty, then I noticed the way it felt on my tongue, hard and warm. I started to move my hand again below, sliding my lips back up slightly, when I felt Owen's two hands move back in place.
I didn't have time to think about that much before he'd thrust further inside and tensed, obviously signalling he was about to come. The first spurt hit my throat and I wanted to gag and cough but it was impossible. Owen's dick moved in and out as he locked my head, relentlessly filling the back of my mouth. I couldn't swallow as I couldn't close my jaw and I found myself hoping none would spill onto my underwear.
Eventually, though after how long I couldn't tell, I felt him start to soften and the thrusting stopped. He still held my head for a few more moments until I decided to ease myself backwards off him. He let me go and I ended up sucking along the length of his penis to keep all the semen in my mouth.
I sat back and saw he was watching me, probably wanting to see me swallow. I tried to do it discreetly but immediately coughed as the slimy warm liquid went down. I looked to one side and attempted to recompose myself, the taste wasn't going away.
"Claire, there a bit dripping down your chest."
I looked down and he was right, just a small drop but it was still inevitably heading for the corset. I stopped it with a finger and swiped it away, then realised there was still only one place it could go. Conscious he was probably still watching I quickly licked it off. I swallowed quickly and it thankfully didn't add much to the sensation already in my mouth.
"Also, sorry to ask, but I can't pull my trousers up over this."
I looked at where he was pointing, despite my care at some point I'd obviously let a mixture of spit and cum drip onto his thigh. He had placed a hand near it in case it slid.
"You want me to, what? Lick that off you?" He did at least have the good grace to look extremely embarrassed.
"I, er, don't know what else to do and, well.."
I wondered whether to tell him to do it himself but my capacity to insist was very low. I sighed, leaned forwards and quickly slurped it up. My mouth had started to feel more normal so this time I tasted the semen afresh and needed to clear my throat again after swallowing.
"There's no more, is there?" I said slightly angrily.
He checked innocently. "No, I don't think so."
"Good." I stood up. Owen did as well and pulled up his trousers. We stood in silence as he fastened them and picked up his phone and underwear. I wondered what exactly to say, then I realised we still hadn't quite finished our experiment.
"You still need to complete the form for the third outfit, don't you. Do you need to feel anything more?"
He stuffed the pants in a trouser pocket then glanced up at my body. I saw hesitation, he clearly was ready to leave but didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth.
"Er, maybe just." He reached out and slid a hand briefly over the front of the corset then up onto each breast which he roughly squeezed. I was still incredibly horny with the pearls rubbing me, I wanted him to move to my pussy and stay there but he just reached down and patted my bare bum a few times before stopping. I felt frustration like I never had before but outwardly I stayed in character, I had no idea how I could ask him for what I really wanted.
"Right then." He turned and scribbled on the clipboard quickly. "I think I'll get going."
I still didn't know what to say, it was the end of the experiment and Owen had very obviously got what he wanted.
"OK, thanks for helping me."
He went to the curtain, opened it but then paused just before leaving. "Look, I, er .. you don't want to take my number, do you?"
I hesitated, in my desire I wanted to say yes but did I really want to have an affair with a married man? That was surely why he was asking me. It was far too much, I shook my head.
"Oh, no, that's fine, I've got everything I need." I tried to look composed, though I was still practically naked. He took another lingering glance at my body then left, presumably hurrying to meet his wife.
I looked at my clothes, this was normally when I felt the need to get out as quickly as possible but not this time. I was still aware that my pussy was warm and slightly aching and I really felt like walking into public dressed exactly as I was. I tried to calm down a little.
I quickly realised, though, that I couldn't leave straight away even if I had wanted to, there was my new friend in the corridor expecting to have his own performance. That excited me but I also knew I didn't have the patience to start everything all over again.
I took off the corset and put on my skirt and blouse as fast as possible, buttoning up only as far as was absolutely necessary. I could feel my breasts sway freely underneath as I looked in the mirror, I looked just about presentable if you didn't pay too much attention. I shuffled the skirt higher up my legs and headed out.
Once again the guy on the desk saw me immediately, this time though he waited where he was as I strode purposefully towards him.
"I just saw him leave, are you finished?"
"Yes, ready for your turn?" As I spoke I moved in much closer than I had previously and smiled up at him, I saw his eyes flick to my gaping cleavage. He could probably see straight down to my freely hanging boobs.
"I, er, I still have a while before my break." He looked up and out at the shop nervously, I took a step back and pouted. All I could think about was wanting to get him in the room, I only had a vague idea of what we might do but I was on horny autopilot.
"Oh, that's a shame, I've got everything ready for you." I ran a hand lightly over my breasts and made sure they were as prominent as I could make them. He looked down but still stayed where he was.
"I can't leave now." He paused. "How does it work, anyway, this experiment?"
"Well, like I told you, you pick what you want me to wear." I brought a hand up to the button of my blouse. "I take all this off, then put on what you've picked." He looked very interested in what I was doing. "You get to check me out in it, see how I look, see how the outfit feels. That sort of thing."
"And I can pick anything?"
"I tell them it's about underwear, but, yeah, anything." I paused, he carried on staring. "As little as you like, really."
"Can we do it in an hour?"
"It's too boring to wait an hour. How about we do something here?"
"Here, how can we?"
"Well, you can tell me what you think about this outfit. What about the blouse? Do you like it?" I looked at him as innocently as I could manage.
He was still glancing out to the shop a lot of the time, a few people were passing by but no one was looking our way for the moment.
"It seems fine."
"But would you have chosen it if we were doing the experiment?"
"Well, no, I suppose not."
I smiled, "OK, that's easy to fix." I stepped back until I was in the corridor and reached up to take off the blouse.
"No, wait, not here."
I looked up, "I think I'm out of sight, aren't I?"
"Yes, but." His resolve was weakening as I worked my way down the buttons. As I slipped it off he was doing what they always did and staring at my boobs.
"Do I look better now?" I struck what felt like a confident pose.
"People are just passing by, I could get fired."
"What, for someone undressing in the changing room?"
"People don't undress like this."
I carried on. "What about the skirt?" I put my hands on either side of my hips and looked down. "I don't mind it, but it's a little boring don't you think?"
"Claire, look, we really should do this later."
I ignored him. "I tried to make it a bit more exciting, a bit shorter, but I don't think that works really." I pulled it up even higher, the majority of my thighs were now on display. I looked up. "I should probably just take it off, shouldn't I?"
He was still just staring.
I started to very slowly ease the zip down looking right at him. "I'm afraid I'm not wearing any underwear at the moment."
I'd finally provoked him to action. With another quick check of the store he stepped round the desk and crossed to me quickly. I stopped what I was doing as he approached.
"In there!"
He took my arm, pulled open the curtain of the first room and bustled me firmly inside.
I stepped backwards, him being more commanding just added to my excitement. I straightened up again while he stayed on the threshold. The skirt had come even more unzipped as he'd manhandled me, I could feel it sit low on my hips and slip down ever so slightly. I put my hand to the zip.
"Up or down?"
He leaned across to glance out, he could probably see a fair amount of the shop. "We really can't wait?" I shook my head. "OK, down." He sounded almost resigned.
I didn't need telling twice and in seconds the skirt dropped to the floor. I was naked again. As he took me in, still often nervously glancing to his side, I realised I had no idea what his name was. It didn't seem of any importance.
"Do I have to pick an outfit now?"
"Do you want to?"
He took the opportunity to study me. I was in my element so happily let him, posing slightly to show myself off. Finally he spoke again. "So now what?"
"Well, normally I let them feel the clothes I'm wearing, but given I'm not wearing any." I paused. "You can feel me if you like."
I was on complete instinct, there was hardly a thought in my brain. My pussy was almost throbbing, it was as if the look of confused delight on his face was directly stimulating it. I vaguely thought about how far I'd come from the girl that tried to stay in the background and fantasised, but it all seemed superfluous compared to being naked for him right there and then.
For some reason, though, he wasn't moving towards me. "I, er, I can't. I need to watch the desk."
Disappointment flooded across me, it seemed a pathetic excuse. I guessed he was scared, which wasn't too surprising. As natural as all this felt to me I was certain it didn't happen every day to him. I still needed to do something, though.
"Do you mind if I feel myself?"
I was just as amazed by the question as he was. He didn't reply but I wasn't about to wait for permission, I sat on the chair and leaned back as far as I dared. It must have been obvious what my plan was as, after a few more glances to the left, he was already focusing on my pussy. I smiled and spread my legs, letting one hand slide towards it while the other caressed my left breast.
There was a tiny voice telling me that perhaps I shouldn't do this, but even it seemed to lack conviction. I was too far gone regardless. I felt my middle finger slip gently over my clitoris in preparation. How many evenings had I pleasured myself while I thought of a random guy watching me? It was difficult to understand how it could be actually happening.
With the incredible excitement and the almost physical memory of the pearls sliding across me it felt like it took seconds. No sooner had my fingers began to explore than the wave came, and all I could experience was my orgasm. I must have gasped several times but I was aware of an attempt to stiffle them. My audience appeared to be watching closely, and as I arched my back and rode it out I could dimly perceive him a few steps away. He seemed rapt.
As with Owen earlier suddenly I was conscious of it having stopped, I caught my breath and sat up more securely on the chair. As expected he was still there. I smiled at him nervously.
"Wow." He looked like he appreciated it.
"I'm glad you enjoyed it." That seemed wrong but I had no real idea what to say, my fantasies had never covered this part. It was my turn to feel a bit like Owen and just want to leave without the bother of goodbyes.
"I, er, wow."
"You said that already." I was pleased to see I was still able to stay in character a little. Like I was somehow in control.
Luckily we were both saved. "Someone's coming!" He said worriedly and went to close the curtain.
"Wait, I need my clothes." I got that out as he was shutting me in, but there was no sign he heard. I saw his hand grab my blouse from the floor but I had no choice but to wait and hope. My skirt was all I had and I slipped it on as I heard him deal with a woman at the desk.
That didn't take long and there was then the sound of people heading to cubicles. I wondered if I needed to go out still topless, it didn't bother me really but I also didn't want to explain to any newcomers. Happily a minute or so later the curtain opened and he slipped inside. I could see he carried a bundle of clothes, my bag and the clipboard.
"I didn't quite know which was your underwear, but it must be here."
"Thanks." I took them from him, it was my jacket, blouse, my own underwear and then the nightdress. "This is fine."
Without particularly thinking about it I went to unzip my skirt. I could see him consider heading back outside and we exchanged a glance. I smiled and then unzipped, he obviously took that to mean he could stay.
"So, are you doing any more experiments today?"
My skirt was back on the floor, so I was naked as I fumbled with my knickers in front of him. He was watching with that fake casual intensity that I'd noticed on more than a few men recently.
"No, I don't think so, I've got what I need." I pulled up my panties as I spoke, making sure to bounce my tits a little. The underwear was white and fairly small, but compared to the thong they were practically like an old lady's.
"Oh, right." He continued to watch closely, I decided to give him a break and started to put on my skirt next, leaving my tits on display as long as possible.
"Back tomorrow?" He asked with pretend nonchalance.
I waited until I'd slipped my bra on before answering. "It's possible, but I might try another mall. It's good to get a broad cross section." He nodded as I fastened it behind me and then started on the blouse.
"I should, er, be heading back to the desk."
I looked up, my bra was still on display but I supposed that was not much given I'd been naked only seconds before. "OK then, thanks for helping me out."
He paused. He probably wanted to make a comment about how I'd really helped myself out, but he still didn't quite have the nerve.
"Thanks," he managed and then turned to leave as I began on the buttons.
I was dressed again quickly and it only took a moment to put everything back in my bag. I paused briefly, it was as hard to accept it was over as it was to accept that it had happened. I knew I wanted to leave, though.
I smiled as I went to pass the first man who had ever seen me orgasm. It seemed unlikely I'd ever see him again, but that didn't appear to matter to me. That said I found myself taking something from his outstretched hand as I walked by, and when I looked I saw it was a phone number. He's more persistent than Owen, I thought, though my first instinct was to throw it away. By the time I got to my car I still had it but that didn't mean much.