Note all characters are 18 or over.
*****
I was fresh out of college with my teaching degree at 21 years old. My name is Ashley Parker, and I stand about 5'2" and weigh 105 pounds. I have a cute face and b-cup breasts, along with a slim figure. I was raised pretty strict and went to college in my home town so my parents kept me on a very short leash, not that I was much inclined to be wild anyhow.
I'd had a couple of boyfriends through high school and college. Because of my parents, it was hard to do more than a little making out, and they even tried to put the kibosh on that too. I lost my virginity in the backseat of a car on a date with one boyfriend. Had a few similar, but not a lot of opportunity, nor was I inclined to screw that many guys, even if I could.
There were no teaching jobs in my home town, and I wanted to make a break from it anyhow, so I moved to a big city about a hundred miles away. I'd managed to save money working while I went to school, so I had a small nest egg. I got there and started looking for teaching positions.
It was early summer, right after the end of the regular school year. One school said they were doing some evening classes mostly for folks who'd dropped out or been expelled. They asked me to take on a few classes and told me if I did well, I could expect a regular job in the fall. This was an opportunity, and it was paying so I jumped at it.
I had classes from about 4pm to about 10pm, including one of the last classes of the day. Why I got stuck with the last one - well because they figured I was desperate enough to take it. They were right, unfortunately, so I did. Most of the students were from 16 to about 20, since older students than that got routed to adult programs.
I had dropouts, goof-offs, girls who'd gotten pregnant, and generally a mix of miscreants. Most of the students were okay though. They knew this was their chance to get a degree, and while they hated school, if I entertained them, they'd largely hang in. The last class, I found out, was the worst of the worst. They were mostly students who'd been expelled for serious problems.
My reject class was only eight kids - hell they weren't much younger than me, all of them eighteen and nineteen years old. There were six boys and two girls. I talked with some of the other teachers, who sympathized with me over being stuck with them, but none were willing to swap out and take that group themselves. Forget about motivating them, I worked hard to keep them from being disruptive.
As that class began one day, one of the girls complained of a severe migraine. She said she needed some heavy duty medicine that she'd left in her car. I told her she had my permission to go get it, but she said if she was caught in the hall alone she'd be suspended for good. I offered to write her a note, but she said she'd passed so many phony notes, that no one would believe her.
I needed to walk her to her car and back. I knew the others could cause severe havoc if not supervised, but no one else was available to watch them, and the girl said she needed her medicine right away. I walked her out to her car, where indeed she got a bottle of prescription medication. We came back in, she took one and said she needed to cover her eyes because of the effects of the fluorescent lights.
We came back to the classroom, and everyone seemed very quiet, which surprised me. Normally they raised hell any time my back was turned. The migraine girl went to the back of the class and put a cloth soaked in cold water over her eyes and leaned back. The rest of class seemed to go very well - better than that group ever had been. I was pleased, but suspicious.
Class ended, and as was usually the case, we were the last ones out of the place. I was packing up my materials, when the other girl, and one of the boys came up to me. Susan was eighteen, about 5'4" and had sexy hips and c-cup boobs. All the boys seemed to lust after Susan, and she loved it. Jim was with her and he was nineteen, about 6'1" and 175 pounds in a very fit body.
At first, they asked me about some of what we'd covered, which was surprising - that group never seemed to care about anything educational. Then the girl, took the boy's cell phone and held the screen in front of me.
"Miz Parker, I wonder what the school would think about a teacher sending sexually suggestive texts to one of her students."
"I can't imagine they'd like that at all."
"Or worse yet, sexting one of her students."
I looked at the screen which had a message sent from my cell phone, which had been in my desk. The message asked the boy to meet after class. There was also a pic of bare boobs. They were my boobs, and a shot I'd taken for an ex-boyfriend some time back and never erased from my phone. That was obviously damned stupid, as was leaving my phone in my desk as I walked that girl to her car.
"I never sent those."
"They came from your phone, and that's one of your pictures."
"You did this while I was out of the room."
"I think the school would believe that you did it."
"Why did you do that? What do you want?"
"First, we all want passing grades in your class."
"I... I guess I can do that."
"And you're going to do what we tell you. Everything we tell you."
"Like what?"
"Take off your clothes."
"I can't do that. I won't do that."
She turned to the boy and handed the phone back to him.
"Jim, take your phone. We're leaving. We'll take this up with the school tomorrow."
"What?"
"Miz Parker, if they see that, not only will you be fired, but you won't get a teaching job anywhere in this state - ever."
"I... I'll move to another state."
"And your reputation will follow you. I promise."
"Look can't we find some other way?"
"I wonder what your parents would think of this."
"Please don't do this."
"Take off your clothes - now, or we'll leave and you'll never teach anywhere."
I began to unbutton my top, slowly and reluctantly. The girl, Susan looked at me and smiled, then nodded to Jim, the boy. I got my top unbuttoned and slid it off. Susan took it from me, and put it on a chair, out of reach. I kicked off my shoes, still moving as slowly as I could. She took those and put them with my top.
"Speed it up Parker, we haven't got all night."
I unzipped my skirt and stepped out of it. Susan again took that from me and I stood there in nothing but bra and panties.
"Can't we find some other way?"
"Naked - now."
I reached behind and unhooked my bra. I let it slip slowly down my arms, and Susan quickly pulled it from me and added it to the pile of clothing. I looked at her and she frowned so I slowly pulled down my panties, trying to keep my legs as closed as I could. They reached a point where they fell free and down to my ankles.
I stepped out of my panties and Susan took those as well. My neatly trimmed bush was visible, but I tried to hide my pussy from sight. I did what I could to shield my body, but Susan would have none of it.
"Hands and arms at your sides - now."
I did and before I could react, Susan used her phone to take a picture of me. She smiled and stepped closer.
"Down on your knees, and spread those knees too."
I did that and Jim stepped right in front of me. Though he was fully clothed, I could see his cock straining at his clothes.
"Take it out and suck it."
"You want me to...?"
"You heard me, now do it."
Jim had a huge grin on his face as I slowly unzipped his pants. I pulled his cock free and was surprised. It had to be bigger than any of my boyfriends' cocks. I just sat there looking at it for a few seconds.
"Put it in your mouth, bitch."
I leaned forward and took the head of his prick between my lips. Jim moaned and shifted his hips forward, pushing it further in my mouth. I started to back my head away, and Jim grabbed the back of my head and wouldn't let me. Instead he held my head as he pushed his dick even deeper in my mouth. He eased it back some then pushed it deeper.
He moved his hips back and forth steadily shoving his prick deeper and deeper, until I almost gagged on it. I could taste his pre-cum in my mouth as he slowly but steadily fucked my face. He started slowly but picked up speed, almost gagging me with most strokes until he shoved it as deep as it would go, and held my head tight as he came in my throat.
"Swallow it, then lick it clean."
I did my best to do that, as he slowly pulled it out.
"She's not the best cock sucker I've ever met, but it'll do."
I looked toward Susan as Jim stepped away, hoping that she now give me back my clothes and let me leave. Instead, she'd pulled up her short skirt and dropped her panties. She sat on the edge of my desk and spread her legs wide and pointed to her hairless pussy.
"My turn now. Start licking it teach."
I moved around until I was in front of her and she pulled my head tight to her cunt. At this point, I figured unless I cooperated, they would drag this out even longer. I began licking her pussy and kissing it and sticking my tongue as deep into it as I could get. I'd never done this with a woman before, but one of my boyfriends had tried eating me out, and I sure knew my way around my own pussy.
Susan leaned back on the desk, legs wide and moaned as I licked, and sucked her pussy for all I was worth. I eased a finger into her as I nibbled at her clit. She began moving her hips, and even wrapped her legs around my neck. She pulled me so close, I thought I'd suffocate, until she came, spurting into my mouth and on my face. Jim took my panties and wiped my face off.
I thought maybe I was done, but Jim pulled me to my feet and had me sit on the edge of the desk with my legs spread. He had taken off all his clothes and he eased his cock into my very wet pussy. I didn't think I'd be turned on by this, but I was wetter than I'd ever been in my life. Jim seemed to notice as he got his prick deep into my cunt.
"Damn, she's wet. I'm gonna enjoy this shit."
I couldn't believe how turned on I was by this. Jim started caressing my boobs as he slowly fucked me. He pulled at the nipples and fondled both boobs as his dick pistoned deeply in and out of my pussy. Most of the times I'd fucked a boyfriend, I didn't come. They got off on it, and that was really the idea. As Jim fucked me I had a great orgasm, from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.
I just leaned back on the desk and could barely keep steady enough to avoid falling backward, as the tremors of the orgasm ran through me in waves. Without even realizing it, I'd wrapped my legs around his waist and was fucking him back as he fucked me. He plunged his cock deep into me and I could feel him fill me up with his cum.
As he finished cumming in me, he backed away and began to put his clothes back on. Susan had already dressed, so I figured they were done with me.
"Okay, teach. Get out of here."
"My clothes."
"You don't get those back."
"I have to leave naked?"
"Punishment for stalling so much when we told you to get undressed."
"Please don't do this."
"Tell you what. We'll leave your clothes in a bag on the door to your apartment. Except your panties - Jim wants those as a souvenir."
Jim smiled and waved my panties at me. Susan had gathered up my clothes, put them in a bag and when I stepped toward her, she held out a hand toward me.
"Back off, bitch. Now get your naked ass out of here. And don't think this is over."
"I thought maybe..."
"You thought wrong. You'll be our bitch until we get tired of you."
I looked around but Jim just had a nasty grin.
"If she don't want to leave, maybe I should fuck her again. The ass this time."
I grabbed my phone and my purse and edged toward the door. I may have had the best orgasm of my life, but I was still humiliated as hell, and would be more so trying to drive home naked. I left the classroom to the sound of Susan laughing and ran down the hall to the exit. I hesitated as I got to the exit, since anyone could see me once I walked out.
As far as I knew, Susan, Jim, and me were the only ones inside, but there was a whole world out there. There should not be much of anyone in the teacher's parking lot though. I opened the door a crack and looked out. I didn't see anyone so I sprinted to my car, unlocked the door with shaky hands and sat down inside, making myself as small as I could.
I sat there for a minute panting, both from the running and from the emotional high of being stark naked. When I usually go home, I take a major road, which still has a lot of traffic, even at this hour. I didn't want to do that, so I thought about some back ways that would keep me off well-traveled roads. It would take me longer to get home, but I'd be less likely to be seen.
As I was thinking about my route, a car drove by me in the parking lot. Jim was driving with Susan in the passenger seat, holding up the bag with my clothes and waving it at me, as Jim waved my panties. I realized the longer I sat there, the more likely someone else was to see me. I started my car and drove off. I passed a few cars on the way home, mostly going in the opposite direction.
I stayed as small as I could, but realized halfway home that I was very wet again, and my nipples were hard as rocks. I might be humiliated, but my body was turned on by it. I got home with no incidents, which was a relief, though in a way also a disappointment. I pulled into my apartment complex and saw a group of people outside an apartment between me and my place.
I slouched down in my seat and waited for about fifteen minutes, until the group broke up, and the people left. Luckily the ones who drove off weren't parked near me. Once the way seemed clear, I got out of my car and ran toward my apartment. I am in an upstairs place, and as I got to the top of the stairs, one of my neighbors opened their door.
I didn't know whether to try to rush by them, or go back the way I'd come, but I was only twenty feet away from safety and privacy. I tried rushing by and ran directly into Kyle, my next door neighbor. Kyle was about 28, and 5'11" and 170 pounds. He was muscular and as I ran into him, he grabbed me firmly and didn't let go.
"What have we here?"
"Please, I have to get inside. I'll explain later, but please let me go."
"I kind of like what I see there, Ashley. Give me one good reason to let you go."
"I have to get inside. I can't stay out here like this."
"We definitely need to get inside."
"We? What do you mean we?"
"You gonna tell me that you're gonna tease me with all this, but I don't get to enjoy any of it?"
"You don't understand."
"I understand very well Ashley. Let's go in your place and work this all out."
Kyle walked me down to my door, holding me so tight I couldn't get away. My hands were shaking so bad I couldn't unlock the door, so he took my keys from me and unlocked it, then we went in my place. Kyle locked the door behind us and set my keys down on the table.
"Please don't do this, Kyle."
Kyle held me tight as he kissed me and ran one hand over my rock hard nipples, teasing them and making me gasp. Then he moved that hand down to my dripping wet pussy, where he slid a finger in me, making me moan and writhe in his grip.
"Baby, your lips may whisper 'no', but your body is screaming 'yes'."
With that, he picked me up off the floor and carried me into the bedroom, where he set me down on the bed. He climbed in beside me and began kissing and stroking me. As he fondled my cunt, my legs involuntarily spread wider to give him better access. I was being betrayed by my own body. He sucked on my boobs as he stuck his finger in my pussy.
"Baby, I'm gonna give you a night to remember."
He finger fucked me and he nibbled on and sucked first one boob, then the other. I began to move my hips, fucking his finger as much as it was fucking me. I gasped and moaned before arching my back and cumming like never before. I reached down and grabbed his hand, holding it firmly and deeply in my pussy, as my pussy tightened up around his finger.
I eased up and dropped my hips back to the bed. With that, Kyle got up, and at first I thought he must be leaving.
"Don't go."
"I'm not going anywhere, baby."
He took off his clothes, revealing his hard cock and got back in bed, spread my legs and ranged over me. He brought the tip of his prick to my pussy lips, just barely spreading them without actually entering me. I lifted my hips, impaling myself on his dick, and he smiled, kissed me and lowered his body to get balls deep in my waiting pussy.
He eased out then back in again, slowly fucking my hungry cunt. I wrapped my legs around his waist and eagerly fucked him back. He steadily picked up speed until he was rapidly pounding my twat. I came again, as he plunged deep inside me to cum in what felt like gallons of spunk. I kissed him and held his head as his prick twitched inside me.
"Ashley, baby, that was just the start."
His prick softened and slipped out of me, and he rolled to one side, and resumed stroking and fondling my body. I couldn't believe I was reacting this way, and loving the fact that effectively I'd just been raped by my neighbor. We kissed and he caressed me until he got hard again, then he picked me up and set me down on my hands and knees.
"Baby, your cunt was wonderful, but now I want that beautiful ass of yours."
His cock was still wet from my pussy juice as he put the head at my tight little asshole. He moved forward a little which hurt and I gasped.
"Oh God, it's going to hurt. Please don't do that."
"Baby, just relax."
I tried to relax as he eased his prick into my ass. The farther he got, the less it hurt, and the better it felt. By the time he had it all the way in me, I wanted it and wanted him.
"Fuck me, Kyle. Fuck my ass."
"I'm gonna do that, baby."
He slowly worked it back and forth until my ass stretched out to fully accommodate him. He was so deep, it felt like his prick was about to come out of my belly on the other side. He pumped away, until he came again deep in my bowels. I collapsed on the bed, gasping, and weeping from pleasure. Kyle rolled me over and petted my body more as I recovered.
It took a little while, with Kyle stroking my body before he got it up again. He kissed me, then rolled on his back and pulled my down his body.
"Okay baby. I've had your pussy and your ass. Now I want to cum in your mouth."
I took the head of his cock between my lips. It had the taste of my pussy, and his cum along with a strong tang from my ass. I wasn't sure I could take him all in my mouth so I stroked his prick with my hand as I sucked it and moved it in and out of my mouth.
"That's it, baby. Do it."
Before long, I was taking him deeper in my mouth than I even realized I could. I picked up speed until he grabbed my head and held it tight as he came deep in my throat. I almost choked on his cock and his cum, then he let go and I licked and sucked on his cock all the way out of my mouth, before swallowing his load.
The rest of the night was a blur, fucking and sucking more ways than I'd ever done before. I woke up alone in bed in the morning. I came out of my bedroom to find a note from Kyle, saying he would see me after I got home from work tonight. I had a mini orgasm, just thinking about it. I checked my email and found one from Susan with video from the sex with her and Jim last night and a warning to do what they told me to do.
I had chills thinking about it all and worried about what they had in mind, because they obviously had more in mind if they sent me that. I tried to put that out of my mind and showered and prepared lessons for the day, along with grading homework and tests from the previous day. My clothes from yesterday were sitting inside my place when I got up. Apparently Susan or Jim left them and Kyle brought them in when he left.
I thought about what to wear to school and decided to wear something both modest and not expensive, in case they pulled something like last night or even worse. I got through most of my classes with just the normal issues, though with nagging feelings about what was to come. At the start of the last class, with Susan and Jim, she came up to me and said there would be something special at the end of class.
I tried putting all that out of my mind and just taught class as I normally would. I heard some occasional snickers from students, along with whispering when my back was turned. I was really on edge by the time 10pm rolled around. I had planned to end class early and let everyone go, but Susan had other plans. She got up and walked to the front of the classroom.
"We have a special extra thing for the end of today's class."
My blood ran a little cold. Was she going to humiliate me in front of the whole class? One of the other students spoke.
"What kind of extra thing?"
"Human biology, and Miz Parker here will be our model as I lecture."
Several of the students had broad grins, others snickered.
"All right. Let's get underway. Miz Parker, go ahead and remove your clothes."
I felt like the proverbial deer in the headlights and stood frozen. Susan leaned over and whispered in my ear.
"The more you resist, the worse this is going to be. Do you want last night's video getting to the principal or the students and parents?"
I looked at her with fear in my face and eyes, but she just smiled and gestured for me to take off my top. I had a pullover top and reached down and pulled it out of my slacks, then pulled it over my head. Susan took it from me - shades of last night. I unzipped my slacks and let them drop, then kicked them and my shoes off. I stood there in bra and panties, still half frozen.
"She's still a little shy about this, but let's give her a hand for what she's already done."
The class applauded, and there were a couple of wolf whistles from the guys. As Susan gathered up my slacks and shoes, Jim came up and unhooked my bra in back and whisked it from my shoulders almost before I realized it. He tossed it to Susan then pulled down my panties, leaving me quite naked in front of the class. I didn't bother even trying to cover up. I knew it would be useless.
"This is the female body. Most of you have some familiarity with it, but we want you all to get more familiar."
I looked at Susan with horror. She just had an evil smile as she turned back to the class.
"Let's start by everyone familiarizing themselves with breasts."
Susan walked over and started playing with my boobs and tweaking my nipples which were instantly hard. After a little playing, she stepped back.
"Everyone come up here and spend a minute or two touching her breasts and getting used to how they feel."
Jim was first in line and gave my boobs a good working over for more than a minute, before moving aside for the next guy. Migraine girl and all six guys spent time feeling up my tits at some length. By the time all of them were done, not only were my nipples hard but my pussy was so wet it was dripping.
"Now Miz Parker, if you would, please lie down on the desk and spread your legs."
My desk was only five feet long but I am not much taller, so I fit on it pretty well. Susan walked behind the desk and stood near my waist. The entire class gathered around the desk.
"Now you need to understand something about a woman's pussy. These are the pussy lips or labia."
Susan spread my outer pussy lips with her fingers then slowly inserted her finger into my cunt. I gasped and arched my back, moaning as she got deeper into me.
"As you can see, the pussy is very sensitive. At the top is the clit, which is a major pleasure point."
She grabbed my clit with two fingers and began rolling it between them, making me moan further. As she did I couldn't help but begin to move my hips.
"Now each of you, take a minute and put your finger in her and play with her pussy and her clit."
Each of them in turn did as she said, though most of them spent much more than a minute fingering me. Long about the fifth or sixth person I came with spasms through much of my body.
"As you can tell, Miz Parker is very responsive to this sort of stimulation. Some women need more and others less to get here."
I lay there in post-orgasmic bliss as the few remaining finished their explorations. I thought perhaps that would be it, but Susan clearly had other plans.
"Now basic sex consists of the male inserting his dick into the woman's cunt. Jim will demonstrate this for us."
Jim had taken off all his clothes and now climbed up on the desk. Susan was standing by my head, Jim was over me, and I had students on both sides. There was nowhere to go, even if I thought I could get away with leaving. Jim ranged over me, with his prick right at my pussy. He kept his upper body high, so the others could clearly see what was happening.
"Now watch as Jim inserts his dick in teacher's sweet little pussy. Miz Parker, please give him a hand there."
I reached down and grabbed his cock and as Jim lowered his hips slightly, guided the head into my cunt. Once the head was in I moved my hand away and Jim eased his dick all the way in me. I could feel his balls against me and his pubic bone right up against mine, and couldn't help but speak.
"Oh, my God."
"As you can tell, if done right, the female gets a great deal of pleasure from this. Now in sex, the male moves his dick in and out of the woman's cunt until he cums in her. Jim will demonstrate."
Jim still kept his upper body away from mine, so everyone could see as he pumped his cock in and out of my pussy. He kept at this for several minutes, until with a grunt, he plunged deep inside my cunt and came. Towards the end of that he pulled out enough for everyone to see the last spurt or two land on my stomach.
Susan took my panties and cleaned up Jim's cum from my body, which kind of told me I probably wouldn't get those back tonight. Jim leaned down and gave me a big kiss before he climbed off me and the desk. As I looked around, every male had massive hard-ons, and some of them had already unzipped their pants and were stroking their cocks.
"Now for the boys, we have a test to see what you've learned. If you fuck the teacher, you get a 'C', if you cum, you get a 'B', and if you make her cum, you get an 'A'."
All of the boys shed their pants so fast it was astounding. I was a little worried, but knew that all of them were either 18 or 19, so at least they were legal, even if me as their teacher having sex with them wasn't. The first one got up on me and began kissing me and playing with my boobs for a minute or two before he even stuck his cock in me. I had to guide him, since he was having a little trouble finding the mark. As I lay there, I found myself praying for a class full of 'A' students.
All the boys came inside me, but only three brought me to orgasm. The ones who failed, asked for another chance, and Susan told them that of course they could retake their test, regardless of grade. Sherri, also known as migraine girl got her choice of which boy to fuck her, and Susan took off her clothes and got in the fun too. All the boys in class seemed to want to fuck me as long as they could get it up. It felt like I had a gallon of spunk in me and I couldn't count how many times I came.
I never would have believed that being gang banged could feel so good, or that I'd enjoy humiliation quite so much. It was almost midnight by the time things finished up. All the students began putting their clothes back on. I got up and began looking for my clothes, but of course they weren't to be found.
"You forced us to undress you, so you can go home naked again tonight."
"I took off my slacks and top, can't I at least have those back?"
"Nope. Next time, when I tell you to do something you do it fast and without question."
I ducked into the girl's bathroom and cleaned up as best I could, before dashing to my car. I drove back routes home and found myself at one spot where a guy saw me, realized I was at least topless, honked his horn and began to follow me. I barely caught yellow at one light, and he ran it to try to keep up with me, but got nailed by a cop. I shook the rest of the way home.
I pulled into the parking lot at my apartment and no one was around. I rushed to my apartment, half expecting Kyle to be waiting outside as I did. I unlocked the door and turned on the lights to find a naked Kyle waiting for me in my living room. I stood there as he walked over, closed and locked the door and wrapped his arms around me.
"Kind of late, babe, but we'll make up for lost time, won't we?"
He must have gotten a key made to my place while I was asleep this past morning. He kissed me, fondled my boobs, picked me up, and carried me to the bedroom. The rest of the night was a blur of fucking in every way we could until I passed out.
Kyle found out I was fucking the boys in my class.
"Babe, it isn't like you're my girlfriend or anything, so as long as I get to fuck you, why should I care."
After that, my last class every night ended up with me being the class's favorite little fucktoy. Thanks to Susan sending me home naked the first few nights, I was now Kyle's little fucktoy afterwards. None of them seemed to tire of fucking me. One morning, I got a call asking me to stop by the principal's office before my classes. I got there to find the principal and the boy's physical education coach sitting there.
"Miss Parker, please close and lock the door."
I did, puzzled as to why the principal was talking to me with the coach there.
"Last night, Coach Barnes came by the school late to pick up some papers he'd left behind. In your classroom he saw an interesting sight. Coach Barnes?"
"Miss Parker and her whole class were stark naked, and Miss Parker here had sexual intercourse with every one of the boys."
"Don't bother trying to deny or explain it. Coach Barnes has some lovely pictures he shot with his phone. I'd show you, but I'm sure you know what you did."
"Are you firing me?"
"Actually, I'll give you a choice. You can pack your things, walk out of here and never try teaching again."
"What is my other choice?"
"Take off your clothes and give the coach and me what you've been giving your students."
If I walked out, I knew Susan would release hours of video of me fucking boys in my classroom, and I'd be totally ruined. After the end of summer semester Susan would be moving on, and she wouldn't be a problem anymore. Right now I was fucking six boys plus Kyle, what was two more?
I took off my clothes as the principal and coach sat grinning. Once I was naked, they knew what they wanted.
"Bend over my desk, bitch. And spread those legs."
I did as he wanted.
"Coach, you got the pix, so you should have first shot."
The coach dropped his pants and got up behind me. I thought he was going to fuck my pussy, but he stuck his dick right in my tight little ass. I shrieked when he did.
"Keep it quiet bitch or Mr. Stevens, the vice principal will hear and want a shot too."
"The slut would probably love that."
"Yes, but if too many get involved, one of the prudes around here might find out, and we'd all lose our jobs."
Kyle and some of the boys had been loosening up my ass, but it was still tight. As the coach kept plowing me, it loosened up and felt good. I moaned softly as he fucked me, until he came with great spurts deep in me.
"Damn, bitch. I could really like this."
Coach pulled his pants back up as the principal came around and began fucking my pussy. After the warmup in my ass, I came almost as soon as the principal stuck his prick in me. The principal couldn't last long and after about three minutes he came in my pussy.
"Miss Parker, you may put on your clothes and go, but I expect you in here every school day, before classes."
I put on my clothes, nodded and left as quickly as I could. The coach and principal followed me out with huge grins on their faces.
I might have started this job as a quiet and fairly innocent little country girl, but now I was getting all the fucking I could possibly want, and then some.