THE MAKING OF A BLACK COCK WHORE
Valerie sat there questions filled head. How did this all happen to her? A year or slightly more she was just a normal white girl fantasies filled her head, the usual kind for a 21 year old, plenty of cocks fucking her. Sometimes she was bound so no escape in the end always covered in cum some even pissed on her she was their fuck slut to be used.
But in reality she knew she would run a mile if this was to happen to her, so no harm in thinking it surely.
Valerie had a stunning figure. Model looking with a cute kissable face, tall 5'9 in heels well over 6' slim, nice tits 36 D cup, long, long, legs that disappeared into a peachy ass with blonde hair crowning her head.
That was of course till she met and married Steve his piercing blue eyes seemed to hypnotize her she was a little lost girl at these times.
Married life started as normal with plenty of fucking, both wanting it so bad.
But Steve wanted more he begged her to lie over his knees as he spanked her, lightly to begin with, but each time he spanked her she noticed it was getting harder and harder he made Valerie's ass so red. But one look into his eyes and Valerie was lost she, took the pain and started enjoying she even started looking forward to it.
Steve often asked her about her fantasies Valerie blushed as she answered feeling uncomfortable saying it out loud and not in her head but Steve was her husband so she told him all, hoping it did not upset Steve.
"So my little Valerie," he said, all those cocks fucking you and using you all bound up, did it make you wet."
Valerie blushed! "Look Steve this was before we met, I don't have them now I'm content with you just fucking me now."
"Answer please Valerie," did it make you wet?
"Yes Steve I did get wet and I played with myself while thinking about it before you ask, it is quite normal for a girl to have fantasies as it is for guys."
"All girls Valerie you sure!"
"What about goody, goody girls Valerie think they have them too. I think only sluts like you who have fantasies such as yours."
"Oh so now I'm a slut am I," Valerie retorted.
"Yes my little girl I think you are, and submissive with it, as I notice when I spank you."
"Oh god Steve don't be so stupid," replied Valerie, she was getting mad she turned away from his stare.
" Ok my little slut try this out."
"Next time you go out don't wear any panties and let guys see up you skirt, see if that makes you wet. I think it will! But do you want to find out?"
"Oh god Steve you want other guys to see my bald pussy the pussy I shave for you." replied Valerie.
"Yes my little one I want them to see your shaved little cunt." Steve said with a big grin on his face.
"You're going to far now Steve forget it." But the seed had been planted and he knew it had.
"On my knee now Valerie my little submissive," he snickered.
Valerie dutifully obliged as he struck her bare ass hard saying '"not a sub are we," making Valerie shudder with pain as she felt herself getting wet.
"My little slut getting wet I see, loving it aren't you, no panties you hear let them see you masturbating fingers deep inside you and tell me after, I have plans for you."
Valerie shuddered then came all over his leg. "Good girl he said."
For the next few days Valerie tried to forget what her husband had said, he wanted others to see her little cunt as he called it, with fingers deep inside her, how could he.
The next day she woke to glorious sun shining down, the thought crossed her mind about doing what her husband wanted. Just to find out if her husband was right.
She did enjoy him spanking her but to show her pussy to strangers might be going a bit too far.
Getting dressed Valerie decided not to wear any panties just in case she dared to try it out, that day. Just putting a little pleated skirt on with a crop top.
After shopping Valerie walked through the park seeing quite a few guys sitting on benches.
"Look for one opposite." a voice inside her head said.
Finding one with 3 guys eating lunch opposite. Valerie sat down legs tightly together. "Open your legs slut," the voice said Valerie slightly parted her legs.
"Much wider slut," the voice said and finger yourself. Valerie parted her legs wider and raised them up putting two fingers deep in her pussy, thumb rubbing clit knowing she was on full view, she closed her eyes. Yes Steve was right she was getting wet.
Then a tap on her shoulder she opened her eyes to see this guy standing before her.
"You doing that for us you little bitch," he said
Valerie not knowing what to say said nothing but he grabbed her arm and said, "follow."
Valerie tried to resist saying, "I'm married."
"Yes I can see you're a married whore looking for cock that's why you fingered yourself for us," Valerie stumbled with her reply knowing in a way her husband was right. She was about to find out just how much of a slut she had become.
"On the nice long grass over there slut don't want children seeing do you."
Bending his finger to the other guys they followed.
"No need to take you panties of for us as you not wearing any, so what's it to be slut doggy or on your back."
Valerie lay on her back and opened her legs wide. "Oh you dirty little married whore," he said. "Come on guys let's give her what she wants." One by one they fucked her pussy raw.
The last one raised her up and put his cock in her ass as another put his cock in her pussy she was getting her first DP in real and she loved it.
"You know we all gonna cum in you don't you slut, let your husband lick you out after." Valerie grunted as she took load after load
"Bitch if you ever want fucking again come and find us, we out we here every day at the same time," he said as they left.
Valerie lay in the long grass with her legs still spread wide feeling cum trickling down her legs, slowly she tasted the cum running from her now gaped cunt, they had filled he good she thought. How the hell was she going to tell her husband about this?
Valerie remained silent that night not telling her husband anything; the thoughts of getting fucked the next day crowded her head.
The next day Valerie dressed even sluttier semitransparent top with micro skirt, shoes. and nothing else, she could see her nipples through the top and she knew they would love that.
Arriving early she waited, noticing 5 guys approaching her and this time 3 blacks with two whites, one of them she knew from the day before Valerie had heard about Big Black Cock and she knew she wanted to try.
"This the whore you on about," said one black.
"Yes a right little fuckwhore she is." Said the white guy.
"Aren't you slut?"
Valerie looked at the guy who had fucked her the day before.
"Need some black cock do you," said the black guy as he walked round examining her, "you know we all taking the afternoon of just to fuck you, and i can see in your eyes bitch you want to feel black cock in you."
"As of from now I'm your master you will call me sir, got that slut."
"Yes Sir," Valerie replied feeling her legs tremble.
"Your full name slut and married status."
"Valerie burrows sir. and yes i am happily married," replied Valerie.
"Valerie meet my bro's Sam and Joseph oh and Sam has the biggest cock in Christendom by the way I'm sure you will enjoyed that," he said laughing.
"Not he grass for you today slut got a nice bed for you to perform on. See that white car over there, sit in the back and take your top on not like we can't see them," he laughed.
Valerie did as she was told and removed her top as she waked to the car her tits now on full view she noticed guys looking more closely at her now,. As she sat inside she had one black on each side sucking on one nipple each, soon her nipples were throbbing. As she was driven away at least parts of her tits were covered she thought.
Stopping outside a nice looking set of flats she was ordered out tits still on show, "take your skirt of now bitch want no white dressed bitches in my place." Joel said.
Valerie looked round seeing people waking about unsure what to do, then at the blacks. She slowly removed her skirt, now totally naked.
"That's a good submissive bitch," he said. Just as her husband had also said perhaps they were both right she thought.
"You loving this bitch aren't you."
"No sir I feel humiliated," Valerie replied.
"Really," he said, "strange for someone who shows her spread cunt to complete strangers in a public park."
As she was paraded though that flats naked with people looking at her, the color on her face rose to bright red.
Opening the door she gasped as she saw what looked like some form of studio all darkened out with spot lights a stool in the center, bed on one side, sex toys of every shape and size, and a wooden pole with straps hanging down at the top. All corners had cameras pointing down.
"See that stool in the middle slut sit on it and face the camera." Joel ordered in a stern voice.
Valerie did as she was told as the spot lights shone down illuminating her naked body, Valerie shivered.
"Now tell the camera what you did in the park yesterday." she heard him say.
"Please not the camera sir I am married," said Valerie.
"Yes you are and that makes you a married white slut doesn't it girl?" Joel replied, Valerie remained silent.
"Answer the question bitch tell the camera what you are, with that she saw a red light blinking."
Looking at the camera but with head held low she said, "I am a married white slut sir."
"Can't hear you slut! and hold your head up." Joel said sounding angry.
Valerie said in a louder voice, "I AM A MARRIED WHITE SLUT SIR."
Valerie thought this was for their future viewing, she didn't expect to hear the next comment.
"Now smile for the camera bitch as there are a lot of people looking at you." Joel laughed.
Valerie's color rose yet again. "pardon sir," she said.
"Making you feel uneasy bitch is it, but I bet they all want to know what a married woman was doing in the park yesterday."
"Please sir no begging you," was all Valerie could say.
"Head up slut tell them what you did."
"Sir I exposed part of me to some guys, then I rubbed myself in front of them." Valerie blushed deeply.
"And what part of your body was that slut."
"My pussy sir."
"Were you wearing any panties slut."
"No sir I wasn't."
"So you rubbed your bare cunt in front of them, look at the camera and tell them all." Joel said in a stern voice.
"Yes sir i did," Valerie said, "and did you finger yourself at the same time."
"Yes sir," Valerie said blushing more.
"How many fingers did you push inside slut."
"I used two fingers in me and thumb on clit sir."
"Did you spread your lips wide and show pink for them slut,"
"Yes sir I did," Valerie was being humiliated on camera in front of god knows how many people.
"Tell the viewing audience what happened next."
"I was taken in the grass they all fucked me sir."
"Cunt and ass."
Yes sir both."
"Tell the camera with head held high and smile."
"Did you take one in your now wet cunt and one in your asshole at the same time."
"Yessss sir I was DP'd."
"And did you enjoy it bitch."
"Yes sir i'm afraid i did."
"How a slut should be fucked isn't it slut."
"Yes sir," Valerie said.
"How many Sam," she heard him say, fifty seven thousand plus and rising, came the reply.
"Gonna make a lot of money with you tonight my little slut," he whispered in her ear.
"Ladies and gentlemen what you see before you can only be described as a naked married white whore, one who openly displays her bald cunt to total strangers and masturbates with two fingers full in her open snatch whilst rubbing her clit, and was then was taken and fucked by all of them this in a public park using all her holes at will."
"You will all soon see her open her legs and do the same for you. The objects on display are for your use on her, just type in what you want and it will be done, I beg you show no mercy to this whore use her well."
"But before we start please say what you think of her, I'm sure she will be interested," he laughed.
"Look at the computer screen Valerie slut."
"Yes sir," said Valerie trying to hide her face but with cameras all over the place this was impossible.
"And you are married as well." he continued
"Yes sir I am," Valerie was being humiliated again to all those watching, this she knew.
"Tell me slut does your husband know you're here."
"No sir not yet but I think he will." Valerie replied with head held low again.
"Well Valerie shall we see what they think of you,"
Valerie saw dozens of derogatory remarks flowing up the screen. Fucking dirty bitch whore deserves all she gets, hope to see her finger that cunt for us in a bit. Just total trash bet her husband is proud of her. Fuck her then kill her all she is worth. Whip her make her body as red as her face. The lines of abuse just kept on growing Valerie hung her head in shame.
"Open your legs now slut show what you did for total strangers, NOW SLUT NOW."
Valerie parted her legs slightly and pushed a finger in her.
"Wider slut let them see you as you are fingered that cunt for all those guys yesterday, do it good and say I'm a married white cock whore."
"Please sir no begging you," Valerie said.
"Slut you got thousands of people looking at you now as you finger your cunt, what do you think that makes you."
"OK sir I'm a married white cock whore," she said with tears running down her face, "and I deserve all I get." All the time she heard chin'g chin'g as the tokens rolled in.
"You can take more fingers than that my little slut, and spread those cunt lips wide like you did yesterday." Joel kept demanding.
Valerie pushed another finger deep inside her spreading her cunt lips now showing pink inside.
Make her fist herself came up on the screen we all want to see that cunt gaped.
"Do as the screen says Valerie," Joel demanded, "after all it is their money."
"Please sir noo don't make me," Valerie said.
"Do it cunt and do it now I want them coming back and back to see more."
Valerie spread her legs wide and pushed her whole hand deep inside her, making her mouth drop open and gasp.
"Oh you fuck whore yes fist that nasty white cunt." Joel said.
Valerie looked up at the screen and watched her fist herself. as she fisted more her now gaping cunt grew in size. She then saw remarks that would put a whore to shame.
"Ohh look now my little bitch they want you on the whipping post." Joel boomed out.
"Plss sir I beg you this is going too far now," Valerie blubbered.
"Now my little married whore, they pay you have to do it."
"Plsss sir don't hurt me."
"Sorry bitch they asking for red marks covering your body and as I say we always do what the paying customer wants."
With that he grabbed her free arm and dragged her across the room, tying both hands high so her toes just reached the floor, the first blow left an ugly looking mark across both nipples. "NO, NO, NO," was all she could utter, feeling pain rack through her body legs gave in, but the post held her up as more blows rained down on her the next hit her just above the clit leaving a long red gash causing Valerie to shake uncontrollably her head held back, FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK NOOOOOOOOOOOO escaped her lips.
Valerie could not see the screen as tears filled her eyes but thousands of people were saying hit that married fuck whore hard, yes fucking do it, make the bitch pay.
"Grit your teeth slut they want me to hurt you." Joel uttered,
ten minutes later blackness filled the room as Valerie passed out.
She awoke to find herself tied to a bed stretched wide her pussy looking right into the camera.
"Glad you could join us again," she heard Joel say. "Over 100, 000 looking at your cunt right now slut bit more than three and you have to wonder if any of your friends are looking at you," he laughed uncontrollably.
"Does it make you proud so many looking at you? But no fingers in you this time slut most want to see you take black cock only three of us fit that bill right now and Sam will hurt you more than the whip when he shoves it in your ass hole, but don't worry next time there will be lots more black cocks ravaging your holes."
NOOOOOOOOOOOO please let me GOOOO, filled the room as Valerie cried out shaking uncontrollably.
Valerie blinked up at the ceiling hoping this was a dream but every time she opened them the same face was staring down at her.
"Cunt or ass hole first bitch he said not that it matters we will be using all your holes, seeing you enjoy a good DP."
"Take her mouth first Sam." he said, "I'm going to put a load in this trash whore s cunt."
"It's what people expect to see, you hear me you little whore." said Joel.
Valerie felt Sams cock invade her throat causing her to gag on it, soon bring up loads of white creamy drool as she choked on it, soon it was running down her cheeks onto her tits as she choked up more and more fighting for breath as his cock rose and fell over and over bubbles busting against her nose as he kept plunging it in.
At the same time fearing the black cock in her cunt would split her as Joel fucked her cunt relentlessly.
Did she like this or not she was unsure all she knew her own cum was covering the black cock fucking her pussy, she was being pounded like a whore. Valerie was fucked stupid, saliva covering her whole face bubbles busting all over her saliva covered body her legs were held high as Joel's black cock was forced into her hole.
Cameras pointing right at it all the time people saying, fuck this dirty cow, fill her full of cum, want to see it on her tits face ass, put it all over the bitch, do it fuck the life out of her. chin'g chin'g over and over again as more tokens were paid in.
A strange feeling started in Valerie's loins as she was being fucked, she was beginning to enjoy it all thoughts of how many were watching went out of her head she just needed those black cocks in her she was being turned into a black cock whore and she knew it.
The next moment her ass was held wide as Sam put his rampant gigantic cock right in her ass hole nearly splitting her. Her legs shot out in utter shock Valerie gasped with pain. FUCKING HELL NOOOOOOOOOOO, escaped her lips in short sharp gasps.
"look at the bitch trying to spread her legs this cunt needs it," Joel shouted out. Taking the opportunity not to force her legs wider Joel put the top of his 10 inch cock at the entrance of her now reddened cunt and slammed it right into her cunt Valerie gasped as the pain hit hard.
"FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK," she cried out as they both ravaged her holes.
Feeling both ass hole and cunt being filled with black seed as both emptied into her at the same time.
"Do it all over the bitch," some said, Sam and Joel happily obliged as Valerie was turned into a cum covered whore, just as in her fantasies Valerie thought.
Piss all over her came the remark "you see that bitch," Joel demanded, "open your mouth wide and push your tits out."
Valerie had no other options but to do what Joel said. people seeing her now as the lowest of the low, a trash whore piss slut as she watched both Sam's and Joel's piss covering her body soaking her hair. as she spurted some from her mouth adding to it.
Getting of her Joel stood before the camera his cum covered cock hanging down between his legs saying.
"Well viewing audience that concludes this part of your viewing pleasure for tonight but I'm sure you will all want to see her again."
"Please write to this site stating what else you would like to see her do or be done to her. I'm sure she will be happy to oblige, you know we go to the extreme here, but nothing to naughty he laughed we don't want to get shut down so bestiality or underage I'm afraid, but anything else is up to you remember that."
Valerie was then released from the bed, as she tried to stand legs giving way under her Joel helped her up.
"Look at me bitch tell me you enjoyed that."
Valerie with head held low said, "yes sir I did."
"Look at me bitch and say it again."
Valerie looked Joel right in the eyes and said "YES SIR I DID," Joel laughed, "and do you want to take multiple black cocks deep in your cunt and ass hole knowing others will be watching you. You know what this makes you Valerie."
"Yes sir a big black cock slut."
"Much more, the things you have done for blacks this afternoon make you a white trash whore for the use of blacks only how does that make you feel Valerie."
"I'm Ok with that sir as long as i get more," she said smiling.
The thought alone of her fantasies coming true made her wet once again as she felt it running down her legs.
"Valerie you're a good fuck whore, at times it seemed like your whore cunt was pulling my cock in," Joel stated.
"Ty for saying sir," she replied. "So how many do you want to take in your cunt and ass next time," Joel queried.
"That is up to you sir," said Valerie.
"Good reply," he said, "as next time you will be fucked by lots of black cocks, want that bitch cunt well stretched don't we Valerie."
"Right then cunt your skirt is outside tell the driver were you live he will drop you one mile from your house you will walk the rest of the way."
Valerie gasped. "What about my top sir."
He picked her semitransparent top up then ripped it right down the middle.
"The reason I am doing this is because I want your neighbors to see you as the slut you are, they will of course tell your husband, even if you don't dare tell him."
"When he knows all about you hand him this card of ours showing the web cam site he can watch you on there, he laughed."
With that he opened the door pushed Valerie outside with her tits hanging free she noticed it was still daylight, she tried to pull the torn top to cover her tits. "Not in my car cunt," said the driver, "let them hang out," with that Valerie let go, "were you live cunt the driver asked," Valerie gave her address, "mm I know it he said."
"Mile away didn't he say."
Valerie just sat there hearing nothing just seeing in her mind dozens of derogatory remarks scrolling past at an incredible rate.
"Tits out bitch let them all see your whip marks. "This shook Valerie back to the here and now. Valerie obliged knowing the driver was acting on Joel's orders.
Valerie looked down her see her tits and tummy covered in red weal marks.
She did as she was told. and It had turned into this, guess Steve was right she was submissive slut.
Trying not to look at anyone Valerie was driven along busy roads knowing people were looking at her. As if the driver knew what was going through her head he picked a busy spot about a mile from her house he said, "out you get bitch."
Valerie looked around dozens of people were there,
"please not here." she said.
"Out you get cunt this is as far as I go."
Valerie tried to get out holding her top as tight as she could, but as hard as she tried couldn't stop her tits from falling free as she got out of the car, she saw people immediately looking at her, who else would be getting out of a car with a black guy inside, showing her tits off except a black cock slut. She knew they were smiling behind her back as well.
Crossing the road she wanted to get home as soon as possible she walked into her worst enemy miss goody, goody, two shoes who thought she was the queen around here.
"My god Valerie what's happened to you," she said with a smile on her face.
"Oh hello Mary sorry I've been in a bit of an accident," said Valerie.
"Yes that nigger did whip you good even after you passed out," she laughed, "we all know Valerie, so don't try to hide it."
Valerie scuttled away, of all the people that bitch was watching knowing she would tell all she knew she knew.
Omg Joel told the audience what she had done no wonder she was smiling.
Looking round more closely now Valerie tried to get back home without too many people seeing her. Standing at the bottom of her drive Valerie took a deep breath knowing her husband was inside then opened the door.
Her husband looked up and said "WHAT THE FUCK."
"Steve I have a confession to make," said Valerie.
"Lift your skirt up whore if you're going to tell me what I think, I can guess."
Valerie lifted her skirt showing Steve her bald but now whipped pussy.
"I knew you would do it," Steve said poking the weal's all around her cunt, "but how did you get these my little tramp."
"Take your skirt of and stand before me you little whore, I want to see your whipped body closer now tell me all about it."
Standing in front of her husband now totally naked Valerie said. "Well Steve I did as you asked, went to the park and masturbating in front of 3 guys and yes I did get wet doing it in front of them knowing they were looking, so yes you were right as you said I would."
"What happened then you naughty little fuck," said Steve.
They took me in some long grass and they all fucked me in all my holes 'I was their whore Steve," replied Valerie.
"Cunt and ass hole at the same time."
"Yes Steve I was DP'd."
"Steve not only that but I had to take a loads of cum from each both in my cunt and ass, Steve they flooded me with it."
"Good job you on the pill isn't it Valerie," Steve said with a big smile on his face.
"See I told you, you, were a fuck whore who needs cock am I right now whore."
"Yes Steve you are," replied Valerie head held low knowing it now, but finding it hard to say.
"So where are all those nasty weal marks on your body from then?"
"That's from today more happened Steve."
"Oh you dirty little fuck pig once not enough for you this I have got to hear."
Valerie replied, "well I know I got wet with them just watching but I had to know for certain so I went back today and this time there were 5 guys three of them black."
"Carry on my little whore this is getting interesting," Steve said smiling.
"One of the blacks named Joel, who I had to call sir from then on," came up to me and, said. "This one who you on about," he said to the guy who had fucked me the day before, as he looked me up and down."
"Yep that's her one good fuck Joel," he replied.
"I was then told they were all going to fuck me they had taken time of work to do it, but they said they had a bed waiting."
Steve laughs "carry on fuck pig."
"But one thing before you go on Joel does not own you but I do remember that."
"Because of your escapades with black cock I think your family will disown you, you will need me more after this.'
"He can have part ownership of you if he asks, but what he does with you he has to ask me first."
"Yes Steve," Valerie replied.
"Carry on now," Steve said.
"Well Steve they made me take my top on so anyone looking could see my tits then I was walked to this car told me to get inside were both blacks sucked on one tit each."
"Did you enjoy that bitch tell the truth now."
Valerie lowered her head, "yes Steve I did."
"Carry on bitch tell me all" Steve replied.
"Steve it gets worse. Must I tell you."
"Of course you do slut I want to know every detail, I'm not mad with you after all it was me who told you to do it. So take a deep breath and tell me all.
Taking a deep breath Valerie carried on.
"Steve I was made to strip naked outside these flats then paraded through them with people looking at me."
"I was led into what I can only call a studio type setting with cameras in every corner,"
Steve laughed out loud "so you were being filmed all naked for then to watch after."
"Steve a bit more than that I'm afraid," Valerie replied.
"I was made to sit on this stool in the middle of the room and it seems it was one of these cam shows were people pay tokens in to watch."
"Oh my god never," Steve was in hysterics, "my wife the porn star and you still did what you were told, a right piece of work you are cunt, working out better than I hoped for."
"Omg go on," he said.
"Steve it seems the people watching wrote in and said what they would like to be seen done too me."
"I was told first they wanted me to suck Sam's cock and Steve it was the biggest one i have ever seen in my life."
"Did you suck Sam's big one get it all in your whore mouth did you slut?"
"Yes Steve I did I had no other option," replied Valerie, "but it did hurt as he forced it in."
"Good girl carry on." Steve said with a smile on his face.
"Steve he fucked my mouth so hard I had drool spilling from it running down onto my tits, I was made to finger myself in front of them as I had done on the first day in the park."
"You fucking complete whore," Steve said laughing. "Carry on this is good."
Then Joel told me to take more fingers in me which I did.
Then he saw a remark that said fist this bitch. Joel looked down at me said, "do you want to do it or shall I."
"Looking at his hand I immediately shoved mine right in me making a fist as they wanted."
"Steve a lot of viewers wanted to see me whipped,"
"Joel grabbed my free arm and dragged me to this post, he tied me to this post by my hands strapped high."
He stood there making false stokes in front of me, my legs were shaking then, I felt this awful pain as the first stroke cut into both my nipples as you can see, the next right on my still throbbing clit I've never felt pain like it Steve.
"Yes and I bet it made you wet, even cum," Steve asked, didn't it whore."
With tears in her eyes Valerie said. "Yes it did Steve," as the full realization of her degradation and humiliation came out.
"Steve it made me wet and I even squirted a little, but I was shaking uncontrollably after more than 15 minutes of this I passed out."
"I'm so sorry Steve," cried Valerie.
"Now then, come, come, my gorgeous little whore wife. I was planning on you realizing you were a fuck whore, I did say I had plans for you."
"It's just this is better than I hoped for, carry on my girl," Steve insisted.
Valerie continued, "when I came too I was tied spread eagle on this mattress tied hand and foot."
Joel looking down at me saying. "The audience wants to see you take black cock now bitch," all the time I kept hearing chin'g chin'g over and over.
"So how many people were watching now my bitch" Steve asked.
"I'm not sure Steve maybe a few thousands maybe even tens of thousands," replied Valerie
Then Joel whispered in my ear "we goona make loads of money from you tonight bitch."
"So it must have been a lot," she said.
"Valerie then told her husband in as little detail as possible leaving out all the degrading bits, what they did to her, how her mouth was gagged over and over until drool covered her face how she was made to take DP after DP how her cunt and ass hole stretched and finally said how all 5 of them covered her in hot sticky cum.
He then told all watching, "if they wanted to see more of me to log in to this site but keep it clean no bestiality or underage."
"Pity," Steve laughed, "I bet you would look good with a dog fucking you."
Valerie lowered her head.
"Steve I have to tell you this when they had done with me, they asked if I wanted to come back and take multiple black cocks in me, let them do what they wanted with me."
"What did you say whore."
Valerie said with her head held low, "Steve, I said yes but I realize now I need your permission."
"Mmmmm let me think about that my little fuck whore need to speak with this Joel guy I think."
"Is that it little fuck pig end of story," Steve inquired.
"Apart from one thing Steve , when I was walking home with my tits on show I bumped into Mary Stimson she saw what a state I was in, I tried to explain an accident, but it seems she had been watching so knew all, she even said the nigger whipped me good even after I had passed out.
"FUCKKK YESSS" Steve laughed, "fucking brilliant now all will know, even your family."
"Makes me wonder though what's that dirty bitch is doing watching porn cam sites will have to make a note of that for future reference could even tell your Joel about her," he laughed.
"Steve" Valerie said. "He said I had to give you this when you knew what happened to me, passing the card, he says you can watch me on there free."
"So you intend to go back then" Steve asked, "not that I mind but knowing all those people watching you, watching you being made into white trash for black meat because that's what they want you know."
"Yes Steve I know but as long as it's ok with you, there is something different about watching and feeling a black cock go in me."
"True bitch true," Steve laughed.
"Looking at the card it read, fuck sluts on cams pay to view, this number on it whore, is it him this Joel."
"I'm not sure Steve," Valerie said, "but it his him who runs the site."
"Right going to give him a call and invite him over, need to have a few words with this guy."
"When he gets here you will be naked, kneeling, head held low, legs spread wide, tits pushed out, hands behind head, you got that my cunty little wife." Valerie was instructed.
"Yes Steve," Valerie replied her still soaked cut getting wet at the thought of it.
She watched as Steve rung the number. Steve offed a visit to Joel saying he needed to talk with him, and then popping his mobile into his packet said. "Be naked and kneeling at 1 pm tomorrow bitch." Steve said to her.
Valerie was pleased she had tasted black cock gold and she knew she wanted more much, much, more.
The next day at 12 50 Steve watched as is wife got into position. Facing the door, kneeling legs spread wide, she pushed her tits out, head held low, put her hands behind her head and locked them together. Wanting to please both Steve and Joel. Her naked body quivered in anticipation.
"Looks like you ready and waiting cunt," Steve said.
"Yes Steve I am," Valerie replied.
Both waited, 1 PM went past, 1.05 PM went past. Then at 1.10 PM, a knock at the door.
Steve opened the door to find five rather large black men looking at him, all eyes then saw Valerie naked and kneeling all of them smiled.
"Not the reception I thought would be waiting," Joel said, "why I bought some hommies with me, nice seeing you again bitch," he said looking at Valerie.
"You too sir," Valerie nodded.
"Come on in all of you, Joel I have a proposition for you," said Steve.
Steve said, "let's go in the other room Joel want it to be private."
"Fine is it ok for my hommies to have some fun with your wife," Joel asked.
"Yehh sure do anything you like with her," Steve said, a big smile appeared on Sam's face.
"Take a seat," Steve said.
Joel sitting said "well Steve you're taking this better than I thought, I though you would be mad but it looks like you want your bitch to take black cock."
"Let me tell you a little story Joel you see it was me who told her to finger herself in public."
You see Steve carried on. "This all began due to her family not liking me, thought I was not good enough for her. So since we married I got her sex craved it was my idea to turn her into a fuckwhore, so her family disowns her, so being just dependent on me after."
"When I told her to shave her cunt she did, first sign of being a submissive. Then I started spanking her, lightly at the start but next time that bit harder she used to get wet even doing it lightly, but when I spanked the bitch hard came she squirted all over my leg l knew then she was a pain slut."
"So getting her to expose herself in public was the next step and look were that got her," Steve laughed.
Joel laughed as well, "Your bitch seemed to love it, hooked on black cock now maybe."
"That I don't mind fucking a few women myself," Steve stated. "But what I want to hear is how this token business works, you going to use her in it want a part of it myself money wise."
"Not a fool are you Steve." Ok Joel said, "This is how it works for every token sent in we get one penny not much you might say but when over 100, 000 are paying in it adds up big time. In the end watching your wife get used there was just over 117,000 sending in over 320,000 tokens which means over 32,000 pounds that has to be split 3 ways myself Sam and Joseph my partners."
"God as much as that." Steve was shocked. "Well if you plan to use Valerie again what is in it for me."
Joel said," How many times can we use her."
"As many times as you want man." Steve replied.
Ok Joel said, "Fixed rate 3,000 pounds in your pocket each time we use her if the viewers go down below 30,000 we stop using her."
You got a deal Steve said, "next time you use her spank her ass really hard have the camera pointing right at her tight cunt hole but stand well back she squirts a lot," he said laughing.
"Thanks for the tip Steve i'm sure they will all enjoy seeing her doing that." Joel said.
"Oh yes Joel you interested in other white females." Steve queered.
"Of course I am," Joel looked at Steve, "black cock is what bitches want we got one with your whore wife who else you got in mind."
"See there's this woman down the road name of Mary Stimson she was watching you all when you used Val real hard, just wondered if her husband knows she's on sites like yours."
"Give me her address; if it pays of give you a thou on top always need to pick up new stock."
Joel held out his hand, "nice doing business with you Steve."
"But before I go, what did you have in mind, for her family to disown her. Seeing all that happed to your whore was an accident."
Well Steve answered, "nothing half as bad as you done to her but thought maybe start her modeling lingerie and micro bikinis showing tits and cunt off in magazines."
"Could help you there got some black friends heavy into taking photos of white girls they, usually end up taking black cock as well, but seeing your wife is by now I hope, let's say. White trash who needs black cock what do you think."
"Oh yes count me in," Steve said, "and thank you Joel."
"Think nothing of it Steve thank you for allowing us to use your wife, he then passed a DVD to Steve, your wife's performance just in case your whore didn't tell you everything."
"Well we been hearing all the time while we been talking your whore wife moaning and screaming shall we see how she is." Joel said.
Steve and Joel went into the room were Valerie was, both smiled seeing Valerie lying prostrate on the floor, covered in cum and drool, a vacant look in her eyes with Sam rubbing his boot up and down her engorged clit, red hand marks covered her face tits and ass.
"Whore been turned Sam I hope." Joel said.
"That my friend is a fucking certainty, the bitch nearly wore us all out. What you see in front of you is one fucking piece of white trash black owned cock whore for sure Joel."
Turning to Steve, "its Ok to come with her, next time." Joel said "if you want close up action that is. If not you can watch your whore and others for free for life, all you need to do is put in the code on the card."
As they left Steve looked down at Val, "this is just the beginning bitch much, much, more for you to come believe me."
TO BE CONTINUED