Every town has a side of town that you hope your car doesn't break down in. That's where the address on Henry's business card took Dana for the final session to fix her back pain. She turned into an old, dilapidated strip mall that half of the stores were closed and boarded up.
She pulled into a parking space in front of one of those stores. The signage at the top said "Big Al's Mattress Warehouse Center". The windows had newspapers cover them and the glass front door had a "FOR LEASE" sign in it. She looked at the business car. The number on it matched the number above the door. She looked at her GPS. "You have reached your destination."
Do I stay? Do I try to go in?Dana truly didn't know what to do. But her lust, either knowingly or unknowingly, blinded her common sense. She ignored every braincell that screamed "LEAVE NOW!" and got out of her car.
She peered through the door. It was dark and, from what she could see in the darkness, messy. She lightly knocked on the glass and waited, but no one came. Her instincts told her to turn around and go home. Her hand reached out and grabbed the door handle. Much to her surprise, the door swung open. The musty stench in the air was thick. The tiny bell at the top of the door jingled. Her heart raced when she heard a shuffling in the distance, hoping it wasn't a homeless person or some wild animal.
Suddenly, Henry appeared. A broad smile crossed his face. Dana exhaled. He held his arms out.
"Dana! You made it!"
"This...this is your...office?"
"Oh. Ha ha! Yes, sorry about the mess. I just moved in and haven't had a chance to clean. Haven't even had a chance to move my furniture in!"
"So...how...how are you going to, you know, perform my, um, treatment?"
"Oh! Ha ha! Yes, of course. I've got everything we need in the back. Please! Please, come with me."
She hesitantly followed him down a dark, narrow hallway dotted with doors that opened into dirty, empty offices. They finally reached a door at the end of the hallway, which Henry opened quite nonchalantly and held open for Dana.
The door opened to a dark, dingy and small warehouse. The only light coming into the space was provided by a series of skylights in the roof. Dana froze. Her heart stopped. Standing there on the other side of the door were at least a dozen men of all shapes, sizes, and ethnicities. She recognized Daniel and Nate. The others were strangers staring back at her. Other than Nate and Daniel, they all appeared to be at least 40 years old and up.
"Why...why are all these men here?!" Dana asked in a panic.
"Oh-ho-ho," Henry chuckled. "I should have mentioned they'd be here. Don't give them a second thought. They're all specialists in their fields. Since this is your last treatment we want to make sure we've got all the bases covered. Each one of these men will be working on you today." Dana's knees went weak if "working on you" meant what she thought it did. "Here, let's get you ready." Dana was too stunned at the situation to protest as henry pulled her tank top over her head.
There were murmurs in the crowd when her breasts were exposed.
"Sweet Jesus!"
"Oh. My. Gawd!"
"Holy shit!"
"And let's get these off of you while we're at it." Henry unbuttoned her jeans short shorts and tugged at the waist.
"Oh. Wait. Huh?!" It was too late. Her shorts were down around her ankles, leaving only her white thong and clog heels on. Still in a state of shock, she stepped out of the shorts.
Henry grabbed her by the waist. "Let's get you over to the examining table." He pulled her to the left and brought her to an old, worn wooden desk and pushed her onto it until she was seated. "Daniel, would mind coming over here and help me get started on her legs."
Daniel jumped into place and took a knee. Henry squirted some of his magic potion into Daniel's hands, then into his own, before placing the bottle on top of the desk. Her skin went hot as soon as Henry and Daniel touched her calves and began to massage them.
Henry looked over his shoulder. "Rico, I believe you're the shoulder expert, aren't you?"
"Oh! Right! Of course."
All of the men closed in on them and Dana gasped.
She looked down at Henry. "Why...why are they all naked?!" The men were all naked ind in various states of arousal.
"Oh, don't mind them," Henry said as he worked on her leg. "We figure if you're naked in front of us, it's only fair that we're naked in front of you."
"Oh. Um, okay." The heat between her legs was off the charts.
Rico squirted some lotion from the bottle into his hands. Her shoulders tingled as soon as he touched them.
"Oh wow," Rico said as soon as he began to massage her shoulders. "You're very tense."
"Well, uh, yeah, a little, I guess."
"Juuuuuust relax, Dana. Nobody's going to hurt you. We're only here to help you." And fuck the living shit out of you!
"Oh. Um, okay." She took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
"That's better," Rico said in a hushed tone. "Now doesn't that feel good."
She nodded. "It really does. You're very good at this." She gasped and her eyes flew open when there was a tug on her thong. It was Henry.
"Oops! Sorry. Sorry. I should've warned you. Let's get these off of you," he said as the material sailed past her knees. "There we go," he said when he tossed the garment to the side.
"Juuuust relax," Rico whispered in her ear.
"Oh-oh-okay," she nodded and closed her eyes again. She could feel his boner poking into her back. She didn't notice that Daniel and Henry were slowly pulling her legs apart.
"Let's have a look at them titties...er, I mean, breasts." James stepped to the desk and squirted the goop into his hands. Dana gasped when he placed a hand under her right breast and cupped it. James was a tall older man with thinning hair and a sizeable paunch. Dana was about to protest, but then she recalled Daniel's words from a previous session about the body being "one organism". "Hmmmmm," he hummed thoughtfully as he gently squeezed and lifted the mound. "Heavy yet firm. Very nice. Hmmmmm. 36 inch bust?" She nodded. "D cup?"
"Double D, actually."
"Doggone it. I must be losin' my touch." The room laughed. "Well, Dana, my professional opinion is you've got quite a bit of toxins in here."
Her eyes flew open. "Toxins?! My boobs have toxins?!"
James nodded. "Oh yes. I mean, all boobs...er, breasts...have toxins. But you've got quite the build-up."
"And they're fucking awesome!" one man chimed, bringing a roar of laughter from the others.
Once the laughter died down, James continued. "Lucky for you, there's a natural remedy that can be performed right here."
"Really? That's great! What is it?"
"Well, with your permission, I can remove the toxins simply by, um, sucking on your titty...er, I mean, breasts."
"Really?"
James nodded. "Oh yes. It's way better than surgery, don't you think?"
"Surgery?!"
"Oh yes. Those ol' toxins gotta get outta there one way or the other. So, do I have your permission to proceed?"
"Um, yeah, I guess." She gasped when James took an erect nipple into his mouth. His tongue ran around it and flicked at it. It felt like he was trying to suck half her tit into his mouth. Her head rolled back. "Just...just be gentle," she whirred. "My...my nipples are...sensitive. I...I can get a little, you know, crazy when a man does that."
"Don't you worry, Dana. James is a professional," Henry said
Julio stepped up to the other side. "I've been working on getting my degree in toxin removal. This'll go a lot faster if I help out." Just as James had done, after squirting the liquid from the bottle into his hand, he cupped and massaged her left breast. "Okay, let's see. Hold the tit...er, breast, just like so. Massage it. Right. Then..." Before she knew it, her tit was in his mouth.
"Ohmagawd," she sighed. Henry and Daniel's hands were high on her thighs. She cracked her eyes open. Then, suddenly, her eyebrows nearly flew off her head. "Oh my gosh! What the heck is that thing?!"
She saw Juan standing in front of her holding a huge hard on in one hand. But what got her attention is what he was holding in the other hand. It was an even bigger black silo-shaped object that was easily a foot long and two inches in diameter. Then tip curved to a round top with deep, rounded riffles around it on the top off.
Juan held it up. "Oh, this? Don't mind this. This is what we call in the business an internal massage device."
"Internal?! Internal...where?!"
"Well, in your cun...er, vagina, of course."
"What?! You're going to put that thing in my...no way! It'll never fit!"
Juan smiled. "Don't you worry, it'll fit just fine."
"But...but, why? Why are you going to put that...thing...inside me?"
"Well, as you can see, everyone has different sized coc...er, tools. But none of them will reach as far as this instrument will. Not to mention, none of ours do this." He flipped a switch and it began to buzz and vibrate in his hand.
"Oh my gosh!"
Henry tried to calm her down again. "Dana, we're all professionals here. Juan knows what he's doing. Have I steered you wrong or hurt you yet?"
"Well, no."
"Okay, just relax."
Rico pulled back on her shoulders. "Why don't we have you lay back. That'll help you relax."
"Oh, okay," she said as she fell backwards until she was on her back, with James and Julio still attached to her chest. Her head hung off the edge of the desk while her legs hung off the opposite side. Rico's large tool was slapped across her face.
"There now. Isn't that better?" Rico asked as he began so massage her temples and neck.
"Um, yeah, I guess." She gasped when Henry's hand brushed across her raised bean. "Huhgah!" she croaked when Daniel split her slit with two fingers.
Rico smiled down at her. "Let's get that throat massage started." He grabbed his rod and pressed it against her lips. As soon as she opened her mouth he slammed against the back of her mouth. "Ohhhhh fuuuuuuck," he groaned.
Henry began to strum a steady beat on her knot while Daniel slipped a third finger into her hot slit and began to pump. It wasn't long before her body began to buck on the desk. Two hard, fleshy objects fell into her hands. Muscle memory took over and she began to stroke them.
"Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmm!" she moaned.
"It's okay, Dana. Let it go. It's all part of the healing process," Henry said in a soothing voice.
"Yeah! Let it go, bitch!" came a voice from the crowd.
"Show us how a fucking slut cums!"
Her body bucked harder. A pair of fighter jets were flying up her loins. "Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!"
Rico had her throat in his hands. "Come on, you cocksucking bitch! Take it down your throat! I know you can!" He thrust his hips into her face. Suddenly, she coughed and gagged when his nut sack bounced off her eyelids. His head flew back. "Ohhhh fuuuuuucccccckkkkk!"
"Goddamn! She swallowed the whole fucking thing!"
"Bitch is a pro!"
Kim's eyes widened when he saw Dana's distorted throat shape shift. "Oh my God! Her throat looks like Rico's cock!" Kim announced to the crowd.
"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmffffkkkkkkk!" The two fighter jets flew into her cavern and dropped their payload. It exploded like a nuclear bomb and tore through her lithe body. Her gagged moans and groans echoed in the small warehouse.
Henry and Daniel pulled their hands away from her "V" and pulled her legs even wider apart, allowing Juan to step between them. Juan bent down and sniffed her bucking snatch. She jerked when his tongue swatted her twitching kernel and ran a long thin finger along her slit. The crack of her ass glistened from her own juices flowing through it.
"Oh yeah, I think she's plenty lubed up. But just in case..." He grabbed the bottle of Henry's concoction and squirted it onto the black shaft. He smiled around the table as he touched it to her swollen gash.
Dana yipped when the tip of the black beast parted her folds. Her muffled moans grew louder the further it slid in while Rico continued to throat fuck her. Juan finally stopped when only the handle was left exposed. Dana's cum depository was on fire.
"Goddamn! I ain't never seen no bitch take the whole fuckin' thing on the first try!" he exclaimed. "Well, here goes nothin'."
Dana nearly shot through one of the skylights when Juan flipped the switch. The wand buzzed and twitched inside her already spasming cavern.
"MMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGFFFFFFFKKKKKKK!" she howled as an orgasm unlike anything she'd ever felt roared through her body. Her mind went completely blank as Juan began to slide the probe in and out of her aching hole, it's ripples raking over her pulsing button with every inch.
Rico clenched his teeth. "Oh fuck! I'm gonna bust one off in this bitch! Ready, bitch?! Ready for your first injection?!"
Dana's eyes watered from the mixture of pleasure and pain. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
"Gahfuck!" Rico threw his hips forward.
Dana felt him throb deep in her throat. She felt a fresh shot of spunk roll down her throat with each throb.So much stuff!she thought. She couldn't keep up. Bubbles of air mixed with cum popped out from the corners of her mouth. When Rico finally pulled out, a streak of milky white ran down her cheek and into her hair.
"Fuck me," he groaned. "Bitch sucked me dry."
"Oh my God! Oh my fucking God! Don't stop! Don't stop! Cumming! Cumming! Aaaaaiiiiyyyyyyeeeee!" Dana screeched with a clear airway passage as one orgasm blended into the next.
James released her tit from his mouth and shoved Rico in the chest. "Step back, bitch. I've been suckin' on that titty forever waitin' for you to finish. Christ, my wood ain't never been this hard! Let me show you how a real man fucks a woman's skull."
"Give it to me! Give it to me! I want it! I...ggggggffffkkkkk!" she gagged when James shoved his meat down her throat.
"Oh yeah! That's the shit right there!" James proclaimed.
"Fuck! Bitch is gonna make me cum!" Julius, who was in her hand, warned.
"Me, too! Shit!" announced Kim, who was in her other hand.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Yes! Yes! Gggaaaahhhh!" Dana felt Julius' rope shoot up her arm. She continued to jerk his meat, coaxing more spunk to ooze out and run across her hand an fingers.
Kim's hips jerked. "Mi-Chin-Nyeon! Mi-Chin-Nyeon! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhhhhh!" Another rope shot up Dana's other arm, coating it in a thick yellow goo.
In a flash, Dana had two more meat sticks in her hand. Dana sighed when Juan shut off the large tool he'd been pumping her fuck hole with, and again when he pulled it out. Her lower muscles were visibly twitching. He stepped in and held his weapon steady.
"Time to give this cunt a test drive."
Dana jerked and barked when Juan roughly shoved his thick mast into her her balls deep.
"Oh hell yeah! Even after taking the Black Mamba to the hilt this cunt is still tight as fuck!"
Juan began to throw his hips at her as hard as he could. He'd pull back until he almost fell out of her, then throw himself forward again. Each ram of his body drove James' tool deeper into her face. Dana thought for sure they were going to meet in the middle.
The pattern repeated itself for over an hour with each man rotating around her spasming body, until Julio finally made a suggestion.
"Hey, man, Willie hasn't had a crack at her with his bad back and all." Willie batted his eyes in confusion. He'd already tapped her twice. "Let's move this bitch over to the bed so Willie can lay down!"
It dawned on Willie what Julio was up to. "Oh! Right! Yeah, my back!"
The "bed" was a dirty, worn mattress on the floor in the corner of the dingy warehouse. Dana didn't notice Willie, bad back and all, run over to the mattress and practically jump onto the bed, settling on his back with his raging boner pointing skyward. The men picked Dana up and carried her over to the new location and slowly lowered her down.
"Willie's gonna perform acupuncture on this bitch's cunt!"
Dana had so much of Henry's magic potion rubbed over her and poured into her she was practically out of control. "Yes! Yes! Do it!" Dana cried out. "Oh!" she yelped when his swollen head parted her trembling folds. "Ahhhhhhhhh!" she moaned as she slid down into his lap. "Ohmagawd, yes!"
Jackson stepped onto the mattress and pushed her forward until her breasts crushed against Willie. "Time to plug this bitch's ass!"
Dana looked over her shoulder and growled, "Do it! Give it to me! Fuck my ass with that fat cock! I want it!" She gasped when he touched her gaped hole. Her head snapped back when he drove himself into her balls deep. "Ohmyfuckinggod! Cumming! Cumming! Aaaaaiiiiiyyyyyyeeeee!"
"Jesus Christ! Somebody shut this bitch up before somebody calls the cops!" Barry demanded and stepped in front of her.
"Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes!" She grabbed his throbbing tool and pulled it towards her face. "Shove your fucking cock down my throat! Give it to me ggggggffffkkkkkk!"
Once again, the round robin fuck fest resumed. One pole replaced the last while each man emptied themselves into and onto her while she begged for more and rolled from one orgasm to the next.
Three hours after the therapy session had started, the men were spent. They stood around the cum-soaked mattress. They're needles were drooped with drips of white falling off their tips, each man huffing and puffing.
Roger threw his hands up and backed away. "Fuck man, I'm done."
Eric followed suit. "I'm out. She's damn near fucked and sucked all the skin off my dick!"
Stan shook his head an chuckled. "Bitch is meant to be fucked, though."
"Amen to that!"
"Cunt's a pro!"
Dana was collapsed into the springs of the mattress. "You're not done, you bastards," she moaned in a near-comatose state. "Come back here and fuck me with those big fat cocks. Give it to me. I...I want it."
One of the men turned to Henry. "Will she remember any of this?"
Henry smiled. "I don't know. We've never had one last that long. My guess is, with as much potion as she's received, she might remember bits and pieces, but it will be more like a dream than reality. She'll more than likely wake up in a state of exhaustion mixed with an orgasmic high."
"And sore as fuck!" The men laughed.
Henry nodded. "And most likely in need of another adjustment." That brought another round of laughter from the men. "We should probably leave before she comes around, though."
"Come back here," Dana mumbled, not even raising her head from the mattress or opening her eyes as the men walked away and began to dress. "I'm not done with those big fat cocks."
One man shook his head. "Goddamn, bitch wants more."
"Whenever we need a cum dumpster, I guess we know where to look."
To be continued...