Hank had slipped away.
"What the!? Get back here, Mister!" but Hank had already stepped out of her reach and was headed back toward the room.
Alexa shut off the water and grabbed the towel. She remarked on the quality. All the little luxury touches were constantly surprising her. This towel was more like a soft cozy blanket. She really liked how the fabric felt against her skin.
She had waited to dry her breasts off last because they were so sensitive at the moment. The outdoor shower created plenty of visual privacy. But she had a suspicion any sound would provide a sexy melody to any nearby neighbors were she to start touching herself right here. She worried if she dried off her breasts first, she'd let out an uncontrollable moan.
As she ran the luxurious cloth over her 35 year old body, she saw her breasts in the mirror. She loved her pendulous D cups but was noticing they weren't as perky these days. She could hear Hank's voice in her head saying "why don't you ever look at the 99.9% of you that is awesome? Your boobs give me a reason to wake up. Two reasons, actually!" But she couldn't help notice her body had changed in her 30's. He assured her for the better. She didn't always believe him.
Being fair, Hank was no Adonis. His hair had receded some and greyed a lot since they met 10 years ago. He was 44 and signs of aging were more evident. While he still had strong shoulders and legs, his midriff was like an airport. An always being worked on, but still never done project.
Certainly not like his glory days playing soccer in college. While his physical features had slightly faded, his kindness and intelligence more than made up for any aging. He was still a handsome and sexy devil. He knew it but not in an ugly way. A sexy confidence. She wanted to share his confidence. She was getting there.
As she dried off, Hank was beginning to get nervous inside. He hadn't told her that he hired a professional masseuse to come rub her down. Originally it seemed like a fun surprise. But now that he had gone and gotten them both so turned on, he began to fret his impulsivity in booking the massage without asking Alexa.
"Maybe I'll go take a run and hop in a cold shower while she gets her rubdown." It would be awkward, he thought, to just sit there during the massage anyway.
At that moment, the room's phone rang. It was the front desk.
"Hello Mr. Allaire. We always want to protect our guests' privacy. If you have arranged an appointment with Lokelani from Maui Islands Massage, it would be our pleasure to help her bring the table up to your room."
"Oh! Thank you! Yes."
"It will only be a moment, Sir. Aloha."
As Hank hung up the phone, his mischievous mind kicked in. He had tried hard not to allow his to mind wander to a scenario where his wife would actually be turned on by the masseuse. Where he could join the masseuse and give Alexa four hands to please her.
"Hank, who was on the phone?" Alexa interrupted his fantasy world as she stepped in from the patio.
"Well, I planned a surprise for you." This made Alexa pause, a curious look on her face.
"I made an appointment with a local spa to have a masseuse give you a massage here in the room, Sugar." He really tried his best to make that sound as if it were more quotidian than breakfast. But inside, he was sure if she'd think that this was weird.
Alexa knew a sensual massage was one of his many fantasies. Recently, they had agreed to open up more about their fantasies. This had been the first one Hank shared. They were learning how to better share their inner thoughts. It was new for both of them.
Hank would worry about just how honest he should be with Alexa. His mind went to some very kinky places. She had never spent much time in her own mind thinking about fantasies. Sure, she was always horny. But deepening their experiences together, keeping their love fresh; they were both enjoying the actual effort that was requiring.
One of their first attempts at exploring this new level of intimacy, not just discussing it, was when a massage with a friend evolved into a ménage à trois. Her mind drifted back to that incredibly hot evening.
Hank interrupted that thought, "Alexa? Are you ok with this idea? She's on her way up right now." He knew he should have asked her before.
"Oh! Really? Sorry, I drifted off. Wow! Thank you, Honey! Seriously? Just a massage?"
"Yeah! This business sale has been so stressful. You've earned it. It's our time to relax and splurge. You deserve a massage. As much as I wanted to book you a sensual one, I remembered we promised to talk first before anything like that happened again. I'll just go for a run while she's here and let you two have peace and quiet. After she leaves, I'll pick up with you where we left off in the shower!"
"Well. Wow! That's awesome! Thank you! You'd BETTER!" She was definitely surprised. His attempt at being innocent actually had Alexa thinking, just a little, about "what if?" It turned her on to think he had gone to such an effort.
He laced up his running shoes and got up. He walked over to where she stood. With only a towel between her luscious skin and his touch, he gave her a gentle kiss on her mouth. He touched the nape of her neck in just the right place and, with practiced pressure, triggered a jolt of bliss down her back, just under the skin, along her spine.
"I hope it's awesome, Sugar." He pulled away from the embrace. "But I do admit, I wish it was me touching you all over right now! Kind of jealous of her."
"No fair getting me all hot and bothered and then telling me someone else is coming to rub me!"
"It's only an hour! Then I'll come back and lick you until you beg me to stop. But if you're that turned on, I mean, I can see if the masseuse will..."
"Shut up, Hank!"
Just then there was a knock at the door. Hank walked over to open it. Alexa slipped into the bathroom to grab her robe.
Standing in the doorway was the cutest bundle of a happy woman. She embodied that Hawaiian spirit, Aloha.
"Hi! I'm Lokelani!" A silent hotel man followed her and dutifully carried her table into the room. He went quietly about setting it up in the corner while Lokelani introduced herself.
Her smile was disarming. Hank let a barely audible chuckle escape. "How is it possible she's this happy doing her job?" he thought.
"What are you chuckling about?" Lokelani asked.
"Oh, nothing! Just happy Alexa gets this treat."
She was only perhaps 5'3" tall, looked 32 years old. She possessed a commanding yet positive presence. She wore a turquoise cotton top that was made from form-fitting material that clung to her ample bosom and one of those long, flowing, island style skirts. Flip flops go without saying in Maui. Her skin was Hawaiian gold. Hank felt that she was kind and warm, not to mention gorgeous.
Alexa entered with her robe on. "Hello! Thank you for coming out here! I'm Alexa." And she extended her hand in greeting. All three of them stood in the center of the room.
"Well, I'll let you two talk. I'm gonna go get a run in." Hank said
But as Hank headed toward the door, Lokelani looked at him and said "No, please, not yet at least. I just like to know my clients on a basic level. You were so nice to book my time. I want to thank you, get to know you. Massage is about sharing."
"Ok, sure," said Hank trying hard to keep his eyes on hers. They kept trying to steal a glance lower. He had noticed her lovely chest as he let her into the room but was truly trying to keep focused. "Can I get you anything to drink? Or maybe you'd like a hit off our vape?" He didn't mind staying for a minute. She was really cute.
"Thanks, some cool water would be fine. No vape for now. Maybe later though?" She giggled.
"Let's all sit down over here then?" And Alexa gestured toward the coffee table. There was a nice couch and two chairs facing the couch, across the table.
Lokelani sat down first and Alexa sat down next to her on the sofa. Hank placed a glass of cold water down on the table and sat in one of the chairs across from them.
He wondered if Alexa had anything on under the robe. Her robe fell across her legs just so it allowed him a view up the back of her thigh. She had the nicest little curve where her bottom starts. He had to tell himself to act like a 45 year old who had control over his urges.
"Where are you guys from?" she asked the island visitors.
"Sonoma County," said Alexa. She was so friendly. Hank loved how she was always making new friends. It was such an endearing trait to him. His wife started all things with love. "You should come visit! We have amazing wine, beer, and restaurants! It is so pretty! Have you ever been?" She just met this woman and was already inviting her to come visit.
"No, I've never even heard of it!" as she smiled. "But it sounds lovely. Who doesn't like a nice bottle of wine? Do you know if anybody makes a good pinto there? A friend let me taste one of those the other night and I LOVED it."
Alexa giggled a little without being pretentious, "Pinot?"
"Oh yeah,' she giggled, "Pee-no."
Alexa grabbed a bottle. "Oh you are in for a treat. Try this Lando!" She began pouring a taste of their 2014 from the Russian River into a glass before Lokelani could answer. She handed everyone a glass and raised a toast. "To vacation massages in my own room!" They all clinked, looked at each other in the eye, and tasted.
"Wow! Wow!" said Lokelani. "Oh my, ok, I've only had like five wines in my life..." The taste of cherry, plum and sassafras was velvet in her mouth. But words like those escaped her at the moment.
"That is the best wine I've ever tasted! Wow!" She giggled. Not an annoying laugh, or insecure 'awkward silence' kind of thing. More of someone who was completely enthralled by life.
"Well, you said it was about sharing and I love to share! So, help yourself to this and anything in the room today." Alexa was acting like the Queen of Sheeba. Hank wondered if she intended some innuendo in her words.
Lokelani did, too.
Lokelani looked over behind Hank at the massage table. It was all set up. "Thank you, Tommy!" and the hotel man said "Aloha!" As he headed out the door, Hank handed him a tip.
"Aloha!" Hank said, and Tommy was gone.
"Well, I guess I should get on my run then. Let you two get to the massage?" He half-hoped they'd beg him to stay.
"OK," they said in unison and started giggling.
"Dang, best buds already," he thought to himself. They didn't have to dismiss him that easily! But it was probably best he got going and stop staring at both of them. Hank was happy for Alexa. He got up, gave her a gentle kiss. "Have fun!"
Lokelani asked if there was any particular part of Alexa's body that needed attention or if there was anything she needed to know before the massage.
"Oh, well, Hank surprised me! I just thought he was going to give me a short massage. So, I hadn't really thought about it. I can tell you my lower back is kinda sore from all the walking around. Maybe my feet? Can't think of anywhere else."
That was a little bit of a fib. She needed a lot more to be touched than her back and feet. But she could wait for Hank to return. She wasn't going to tell this stranger that only 10 minutes ago, she was insanely turned on.
"Ok, well, disrobe to your own comfort then and lie face down on my table under the sheets. I'm going to go use your restroom if you don't mind? Wash my hands. You get relaxed and I'll be right back!"
Lokelani put some gentle music on and opened the back sliding glass door. The Maui trade winds puffed their pleasing breeze through the room. She then stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind her.
Alexa let the robe slide off her arms and placed it on the couch. She reveled in her nudity and the sexy-all-over feeling she was having. The breeze tingled against her skin. The smell of plumerias, the waves of the Pacific off in the distance. A very relaxing setting. And now she got to receive a loving massage from a gorgeous woman! She climbed up on the table with a large grin and pulled the soft sheet over her back. She allowed her face to rest in the cradle. Arms under the sheet and by her sides. She took a deep breath.
"All set?" a chipper voice sang out.
"I am."
Lokelani walked over to the table. She placed her warm hands on Alexa's shoulders over the sheet. She took a deep breath and asked if Alexa wanted to breathe deeply, too. "It will help our energy to align." Even though Alexa was facedown, she heard the smile Lokelani had when saying that.
"Just breathe with me. I'll guide the rhythm. If your mind wanders off to thoughts of your daily life, Hank, the beach, whatever, just let it. Allow those thoughts. Even tell me about them if you like. But after a bit we release our thoughts and come back to our breathing, ok?"
"Yes, a little bit like meditation?" asked Alexa.
"Yes, that's a good way to think of it. We should feel our energy dancing and we should allow that. We will heal your body through your spirit. So, it is like that but also different. My hands and breath and soul are just here to let healing happen." Alexa had not ever felt more at ease. The calming nature of this woman was lovely.
Lokelani's hands were roaming north to south, tenderly but firmly covering Alexa's draped body as if her palms were paint brushes and Alexa's legs and back and arms were the canvas. From toes up to shoulders and down arms to fingers, Lokelani tracked slow, knowing strokes along Alexa's supple body. Slowly pulling in her breath and letting it out calmly. She was putting Alexa into a trance.
In her mind, Lokelani was beginning to feel the erotic energy in the room was not just from Hank. She had suspected Hank was lingering too much with his eyes on her tits. But she was surprised Alexa was already nude in the robe. She didn't think she'd ever been offered wine. Really amazing wine to boot!
"I'm going to pull the sheet back. Would you like another sip of your wine before we get into the oil and you get all slippery?" Lokelani asked.
"Sure!" Alexa said. She raised up on her elbows to accept the glass from Lokelani and took a sip. The wine was velvety in her mouth, the scent an aphrodisiac. She looked up and saw Lokelani looking at her almost fully-exposed left breast.
"Woman, you have an amazing body! Hank is so lucky!" She giggled again after saying that.
"He will be lucky later!" Alexa couldn't believe what she just said. The both laughed and she handed her glass back, excited by the way she caught Lokelani looking at her. She returned her face to the cradle as Lokelani grabbed a bottle of oil she had been warming in hot water she had brought in a thermos.
Lokelani gently lowered the sheet down Alexa's back. Stopping and folding it tantalizingly close to the top of her bottom. "Oh, nice tan! You have really lovely skin." As she was saying that she slowly dripped warm dots of oil up and down her spine.
Goose bumps popped all over Alexa's arms and back. She could feel her nipples harden beneath her. Then Lokelani's hands came down to her skin. Grabbing, sliding, and kneading the muscles of Alexa's back. The warmth of Lokelani's hands on her skin surprised Alexa. That mix of heat and excitement of that first slow dance in high school. Her skin was so sensitive right now.
"Breathe, honey. Maybe you'd want to share what you're thinking about? Something has you all tingly!"
Alexa responded. "I wasn't really thinking about much in particular other than how great your hands feel on me. You have really talented hands! I guess I didn't realize how high strung I've been. We just sold a business and gone through a tough few months. I don't know how he knew, but Hank nailed it. You're just what I needed!"
"OH GOOD!" Lokelani said kindly. "I'm gonna take care of you. All you have to do is enjoy."
Alexa focused on the sensation of touch and matched the rhythmic breathing of Lokelani. After spending a good long time on her neck, shoulders and back, her hands slowly floated toward Alexa's sacrum. When they touched the small of her back, Alexa's hips involuntarily moved up to meet them.
"Oh my," said Lokelani "your body is talking to me. This is the anchor of your body. The center of balance. It just told me something." She giggled a little mischievously.
"What? My lower back is talking to you?" said Alexa.
"No. Your hips are though," she said with a smile.
"What are they saying?"
"They are telling me that you have an intimate, sexy feeling going on. If it is alright by you, I want to keep going with that?" Her hands slid south and teased the top of Alexa's bottom. A little finger slowly slipping into the top of the rounded bottom's cleavage. The other fingers rubbing her at the small of her back.
Alexa felt Lokelani's hands slip under the sheet and onto her curvaceous butt. Her skilled hands softly traversed her sumptuous cheeks and Alexa's hips began to rise and fall even more. As they did so, her thighs moved a bit further apart. Each time Lokelani's hands swooped upward to her lower back, the gap between Alexa's legs grew wider.
"Would you mind if I removed the sheet? I think it's warm enough. But I don't want you to be uncomfortable."
"No," Alexa said coyly, "I'm very comfortable."
Without the sheet, Alexa felt vulnerable. But she had recently found pleasure in being a bit of an exhibitionist. Lying there like this was very erotic for her. Everything on display for Lokelani. She allowed herself to give in to the pleasure and let things go where ever they may.
"This feels amazing." Said Alexa.
"Good!" Lokelani said "Just keep breathing with me. Focus on your pleasure."
"I'm just a little concerned about Hank. We have an agreement about this kind of thing...talking it over first."
Lokelani's hands moved effortlessly up and down Alexa's legs. The oil lubricating the smooth skin allowed for perfect viscosity between hands and legs. Lokelani's hands were delivering bliss into Alexa's body.
"Well, I won't do anything you aren't comfortable with. Now, you know him better than I do, but I seem to think Hank would be very ok with what is happening here." Lokelani continued to tease Alexa's bottom and upper legs with her magnificent hands.
"Well, you're probably right! I don't think he'd be upset. He'd probably just be bummed he couldn't watch!" And they both giggled again.
On first the left, and then the right leg, Lokelani's hands traced down to the feet and back up to the back. Then she stopped for a second. "Do you mind if I get up on the table to change my angle?" she asked.
"I'm putty in your hands," Alexa said as she sighed.
Lokelani pulled the string holding her skirt like a belt and her skirt quietly fell to the floor. If Alexa could see her, she'd have noticed some very sexy but functional bikini briefs. Edged with a bit of lace, the white stood out agreeably against Lokelani's tanned skin. She climbed up onto the table between Alexa's feet, which forced Alexa's legs open a bit wider still.
On her knees now, between Alexa's legs, Lokelani made like she was rolling out dough with her hands. But instead of dough, it was Alexa's leg muscles which were being kneaded. With her invisible rolling pin, she leaned forward and pulled back as her hands moved up and down Alexa's legs.
With each pass, her hands would go higher on the back of Alexa's thighs. At the top of the hamstrings, Lokelani crossed her hands horizontally. One hand swooping in from the outside of her strong thighs. The other pulling out from her inner thighs, moving her legs even wider apart. They crossed in the middle and went back and forth as they inched up toward the crease dividing Alexa's legs from her butt.
Alexa was in heaven. Her entire body radiated erotic bliss. She suddenly felt like if her clit was touched right now, she'd explode. Her hips undulated in time with Lokelani's hands. Each time they raised up, they gave Lokelani a sneak peek at her luscious, wet flower. Lokelani had lapsed into her healing goddess mode. When this came on, she was trance-like. Her hands knew just where to go next. Her lips knew what to say and do. Her mind subconsciously guided her actions. It was so juicy for her, too. It was exciting to bring someone to bliss.
Sure, any climax was a good climax. But Lokelani could build people up so that their release was also healing. Therapeutic. An orgasm like they'd never experienced before; a full body climax. Moments of bliss like this sprang from her when the moment was right. She didn't know how. But she didn't mind at all.
With the heel of her hands, Lokelani dug into the bottom of Alexa's cheeks and made rounding motions. This caused the flesh of her butt and thighs to press together and come apart, which put just a bit of pressure on Alexa's sex. It caused her hips to gyrate even more.
Lokelani's hands moved all over Alexa's rear now. She moved up and straddled Alexa's left leg and lowered herself down slowly. Alexa felt warmth surround her thigh. She quickly ascertained why. She could feel that Lokelani no longer had a skirt on. As she straddled Alexa's leg, her warm pussy radiated through her panties. The idea of a woman on top of her, aroused sex on her leg, along with those knowing hands on her butt sent a shiver through her body.
Lokelani could see all the signals that Alexa was getting more and more turned on. Her breathing was had picked up. A small layer of sweat began to cover her back, making it glisten. She could smell, feel, see, and touch her arousal.
As Alexa's bottom and legs kept spreading further apart, Lokelani saw wetness. Rainbow swirls on Alexa's inner thighs and labia as her arousal mixed with the massage oil. She smelled Alexa's natural musk. A sweet, spicy scent each time her hands pulled that sweet round bottom apart. When she pushed them back together, Alexa would gasp out loud as her clit received indirect pressure from the skilled movements. The sight, sound, and smell were intoxicating.
Lokelani allowed her fingers to graze, ever so gently, against the very edge of Alexa's lips. Barely touching her labia as they swelled with blood from her stimulation.
Alexa's heart rate was increasing just as her breathing had. She was doing her best to pace her breathing with Lokelani's but the excitement was becoming too much. She intensely wanted more. Lokelani was teasing her as she'd never been teased before. Since Hank had first started turning her on almost an hour ago, she had been on the edge of a climax. She needed a release, badly
But Lokelani wasn't going to let that climax happen so easily. She knew the art of delaying gratification. Edging. Building to a powerful apex. Now her knuckles were brushing up against Alexa's wet opening. Gliding easily from the front of her mons past her lips and through her bottom to the small of her back. Barely touching the place Alexa wanted touched so badly.
Lokelani sat up and pulled her top over her head, exposing her breasts. The mocha nipples on her perky, latte-colored breasts stiffened when exposed to the breeze blowing through the room. She grabbed her C-size globes and lifted them up with her warm, oiled hands. They felt highly sensitive at the moment. Deep behind her aureole, she gently squeezed the glands and gave herself a little jolt of pleasure and then let them fall again.
She then ran her hands up Alexa's spine and followed the motion by bringing her chest to Alexa's back. Her mouth was by Alexa's left ear, breathing slowly, controlled. She licked the back of Alexa's ear and sent electricity through her veins, her hands moving past the shoulders to the nape of her neck, up to her hair where she weaved the fingers of both hands and grabbed handfuls of Alexa's dark, silky coif.
Like a horse's reins, she gently pulled her head to the side and planted a sensuous kiss on her lips. Alexa's lips parted to welcome their gift. Warm, soft, smelling of coconut lip balm, Lokelani's mouth melted into Alexa's in a searching, sexy dance.
Lokelani slowly sat up from the kiss and hair still in hand, gently guided Alexa over and onto her back. She let go of her hair and stared down into Alexa's eyes. They gazed at each other and smiled. As they breathed together, Alexa began to focus on the warmth of Lokelani's body on top of her and how it contrasted with the tropical air in the room.
Lokelani began a slow, warm glide down Alexa's body. Both bodies were glistening in oil which allowed Lokelani to slide with ease. As she traveled down, she planted kisses all over Alexa's body. She slid lower at a deliberate and measured pace. She was thoroughly enjoying the up close journey down Alexa's incredibly sexy body.
So was Alexa. Her hips began to rise and fall again. Her toes curled and calves flexed on their own accord. She spread her right leg out, sensing the slipperiness along with gravity would make Lokelani fall from on top of Alexa's legs to between them. Lokelani's hip grazed over Alexa's mons as her body slipped between Alexa's widening legs. The heat coming from Alexa's sex felt as if it would burn Lokelani's skin.
Lokelani's hands trailed her kisses down Alexa's glistening body. Touching, squeezing, lightly scratching, swirling the skin her fingers came across, elevating the sensations from her mouth. Each touch, mouth to skin, finger on nipple, wet tongue on belly, hand grabbing the curve of hip, tongue tasting inner thigh, ratcheted up Alexa's pleasure level.
That was when Lokelani's fingers followed her tongue to the spot Alexa was yearning to have touched, her most private of areas. It had been so long since anyone besides Hank had touched her there. Lokelani's fingers were gentler and much smaller than his. She traced the outline of Alexa's labia lips. Sliding easily across the fragile petals of her opening, she could see how this was pushing Alexa to the edge.
Alexa was losing control of her breath and feeling overwhelmed from pleasure. Her left hand grasped at Lokelani's hair. The fingers of her other hand clutched and bunched the soft sheet beneath her. Her bottom and hips moved up and down on the table as Lokelani's tongue divided the slippery slit between Alexa's lips.
"You smell so good Alexa! You taste so yummy, too!" Lokelani said as she slowly dipped her tongue into Alexa's wetness. Alexa released a guttural gasp.
Alexa was nervous and excited, her heart was pumping so fast. Thoughts were mixed but she was at a point of no return. It felt so good, so right. But what would Hank think? He booked this! He got her so turned on before Lokelani arrived. "He must have known," she thought. Lokelani's tongue slid up and down her folds.
"Did Hank set this all up? Did he know you'd be massaging me like this?" Alexa didn't know if she'd be mad or excited if he had known.
"No, we never spoke," she said with a smile. "I told you earlier, I follow my instincts. My intuition told me Hank wanted so badly to do this but couldn't bring it up with you earlier. But there was so much erotic energy in this room when I walked in earlier. Hank had a big bulge in his shorts and you were simply exuding sexuality in that robe. It was like an open oven, it was so hot in here! But I can pull back and just give you a massage?"
"Oh, God, you can't stop now! This feels so damn good! Your tongue and hands are amazing!" Alexa exhaled. "I have a feeling Hank would be ok with all this! Please, don't stop now."
Lokelani's tongue wriggled back into Alexa's craving hollow. Her hands on her inner thighs. Nails moving lightly over the skin. Anticipation filled Alexa. An orgasm couldn't come fast enough for her now. She felt it building. Her hips moved uncontrollably now in rhythm to Lokelani's tongue and touch. Up and down they surged, Lokelani's face was almost like a bull rider at the rodeo. But oh so much more graceful and less violent. Just gliding up and down with Alexa's rippling hips.
A finger slid into Alexa. Wet. It was so wet. Alexa moaned. Her stomach tensed and released. Lokelani's tongue performed slow circles around Alexa's clit. It was swollen and hard. Lick, after delicious lick, Alexa relished the waves of pleasure taking over her body.
Lokelani sucked Alexa's clit into her mouth and flattened out her tongue but kept up a circular motion. One finger became two. Two meaningful, pursuing, indulgent fingers that touched Alexa's inner walls with an expert way no one ever had before for her.
"Oh GOD!" Alexa groaned. She was nearing the cliff. "Oh my God. I'm so close. I'm so close. You are so good. Oh you're going to make me cum, Lokelani! I'm going to cum!"
Lokelani smiled up to her and dove back in. She carefully brought Alexa to the edge. Her tongue maintained a slow, steady rhythm. Her fingers kept a steady beat that was neither too fast nor too hard. Just right. She concentrated on Alexa's pleasure. Alexa thrashed up and down on the table now. Her body was convulsing.
"I'm cumming! Oh my God I'm cumming!" Alexa screamed out. She pushed down on Lokelani's head. Lokelani held on. She kept swirling her tongue but she had pulled her fingers out and her hands were now caressing Alexa's ass. The climax washed over Alexa's body. Waves of pleasure, emanating from her vagina but radiating outward to all of her extremities.
Lokelani slowly eased her mouth away from Alexa and began to gently caress her legs and belly. "Breathe, baby. Just breathe deep. This was so good. You are so damn sexy!"
Just as her hips relaxed and she was catching a semblance of her breath again, they heard that sound. That sound a key card makes when touched to a door's electronic lock. The noise tore through the fabric of their blissful interlude. Alexa immediately thought "Has it been an hour already?" But before Lokelani could even roll off the top of her, Hank was opening the door.
"Hi ladies!" Hank said, a look of happy surprise on his face. "Having fun?"