"Fuck right there, please don't stop," He has my legs over his shoulder and pumps his cock in and out of me without mercy. I can feel myself tightening around him with each thrust; my head moves back while my back arches in pleasure. Finally, he grabs my right breast squeezing me tightly and leaving scratch marks across it.
Jack loves to sneak in after my husband, Daniel, leaves for work. Taking me into my home, where I let my husband rail me, only to be taken like the real whore I am once he leaves. Jack's built lean with his arms just slightly darker than his naked ass. His dark curls fall into his eyes with every thrust. I love how his dark eyes stare into me as he growls my name with every hard thrust. As I let out a moan imagining how perverted the situation is, I'm just about to climax when I heard the front door open.
"Shit, he's home early," Jack hisses at me and quickly pushes me off; scrambling off the bed, I quickly jump out and desperately look for my clothes. We hear Daniel call for me at the bottom of the stairs. We both look at each other desperately, our hearts pounding in our throats. Jack quickly throws my red dress at me and jumps into the closet naked. I quickly slip it on and kick his clothing under the bed. I sit on the bed and smooth out my dress as much as possible, I'm just about to fix out my hair when the door swings open loudly.
Daniel brings his hulking form through the bedroom door. He quickly takes up the entire room with his size. Tall, dark, and handsome would be the easy way to describe him, but all in all, he was a beast of a man whose desires were endless. He looked around the room suspiciously before his harsh gaze fell on me.
"Daisy, what did you do?" he took a step towards me, I squeaked at his voice, and my eyes flashed toward the closet before meeting his gaze.
"Nothing darling, I was just home about to start the chores- "He quickly closed the distance between us, grabbed the back of my hair, and pulled. My head was forced back as his tongue slowly licked up my neck tasting my sweat from before.
"Don't lie, Daisy, you're sweating, and it smells of sex in the room," My legs closed tightly together, and I squirmed. My breath became ragged and desperate, and I didn't get to finish. My climax tickled at the edges of my clit. "Who were you fucking Daisy?"
Daniel's hands slid down my neck and forced me onto my back in the bed. I bit my lip and didn't resist. Then, with his other hand, he forcefully spread my legs apart and placed his hand against my cunt. My eyes looked over to the closet, where Jack was. I could see him through the crack in the door; he was staring at me intently, and his hand was firmly wrapped around his cock.
Daniel slowly put two fingers inside my wet pussy feeling inside of me. I moaned while his hand pressed firmly into my neck. He pulls his hand away and shows my shiny wet cum coating his fingers, and his eyes grow dark while he inspects it.
"Oh, Daisy, you've been a naughty little whore, haven't you?" Before I could reply, he grips my side and flips me onto my knees. My cheeks burn with embarrassment as I know what's coming, and Jack has a full view of what is about to happen. Daniel throws the dress above my head and slams his hand against my ass. I yelp in pain, but before I can even finish, he's already spanked my tender flesh again.
"Who have you been fucking, Daisy? What man have you let see your pretty cunt?" The spanks are hard and fast with no mercy. My cries of pain go unheard as I'm spanked till I'm red, and my face is buried in the bed as I grip the sheets tightly. Between my cries of pain, I swear for a moment I thought I heard Jack moan with each hit. Then, finally, the spanks cease my ass stings, and I try to sit up but feel Daniel put pressure on my legs as he spins me around.
"No, No, little girl, your punishment isn't over. I'll make sure you remember whose job it is to fill you." Daniel turns me so my head is facing the closet as he takes his position behind me, I look up to find Jack to see if he escaped, but I find that he's in the closet. But instead of fear in his eyes, I see lust and anticipation, desperate to watch my punishment continue. Daniel grips my thighs and yanks me to him roughly. Jack has pre-cum dripping from the tip of his cock, but before I can react, I feel Daniel's giant throbbing cock slam into my pussy.
"Oh, my fucking god!" I can't stop as I fill the room with screams and moans as he rails me from behind. My sensitive pussy is desperate for attention, and Daniel is showing no sign of stopping, fucking me like a whore.
"That's right whore. Take it! Take my cock like the slut you are," I moan at every word. Jack is pumping his cock in his hand, following the rhythm of Daniel. I can barely take it. My pussy tightens around Daniel's hard cock, and I let out a pleasurable scream of ecstasy and cum all over his cock.
I breathe hard as I feel Daniel slow his pace, I start to collapse into the bed happily when suddenly I feel him pull my head up by my hair. I am forced to stare into the closet where Jack is licking his lips and rubbing his cock.
"Did I say I was done with you yet?" I let out a whimper knowing what is about to come next. Before I can say anything, his cock slams into my sensitive pussy. Fucking my sensitive pussy drives me crazy, the sensation is maddening; all I can do is moan and beg him for mercy. While my pussy takes a torturous pounding unbeknownst to my husband, I'm being forced to watch Jack give himself the pleasure of my torture. I fucking love it.
Daniel and Jack match rhythms. The scene is enough to make me cum over and over until I am covered in both my and Daniel's cum. Finally, after my 8th orgasm, Daniel cums all over my ass and lets me collapse to bed exhausted and used. Daniel cleans himself up and zips up his pants.
"Tell Jack the same time next week," Daniel chuckles, gives me a loving kiss on the cheek, and winks at the closet before exiting the bedroom. The closet door slowly opens to reveal Jack, cock In hand, covered in his cum. I sit up and smile sweetly at him. I think we're going to need to do this more than once a week.