It all started innocently enough.
I'd agreed to meet with Darren, one of our company's implementation consultants, for a few drinks on Tuesday evening. He worked in the consultancy team which I'd left a few months earlier and, like all of the team, stopped in at least once a quarter for a catch-up meeting with his boss Adam, who was based in the same office I was.
Having spent years in the same role Darren had, I knew how welcome it was when there was a friendly face to meet up with and break up the evening when spending the night in unfamiliar territory. So, I was reluctant to change my plans when Barbara was let down by the friend she was planning to meet that evening and wanted me to step in.
I was wise enough to understand she hadn't meant it when she'd said "No, no it's fine, you just go without me." So, I'd agreed that she should join us. Although she'd have preferred we spend the evening together alone, she understood it would be a bit cruel to stand Darren up at the last minute. And the pub/hotel where he was staying was only a few minutes' walk from our house, so no need to worry about who was driving, or booking at taxi.
"Bit overdressed, aren't we?" I teased as she slipped her jacket over her floaty summer dress.
"I was supposed to be out on the town with Joanne, not sitting in The Oak all night. I can go and get changed if you like..."
"No! no," I assured her. We were already twenty minutes later than I'd planned, and a 'quick change' would probably add at least another half an hour to that. It did cross my mind that Darren probably wouldn't be complaining either, as this dress was particularly flattering, with a nice hint of cleavage, and Barbara's Wonderbra was accentuating her modest chest.
At this point I'd been with Babs, as I affectionately called her, for around nine months. I was older than her, just gone forty. She was going to be celebrating her thirtieth next year. The relationship was going fine, after six months she'd moved in, and we were really comfortable with each other. We'd known each other through family for a while, so a lot of the 'getting to know you' stuff was much easier.
Physically, after the usual honeymoon period we'd settled into a routine where we'd have sex at the weekends in the mornings. As well as being much older than Babs, I was also much more experienced, so she seemed happy to take my lead. The sex was very much of the 'vanilla' variety, chiefly, looking back, because that's what I was used to.
Whilst Babs had never married, my own marriage had ended primarily due to physical incompatibilities, and I was carrying quite a few hangups because of that. My sex drive had far exceeded Jenny, my ex-wife's and she wasn't interested at all towards the end. My brief affair with the girl who worked the reception desk at our managed offices had brough everything crashing down, and I'd been shamed and forced to move out of or home as soon as Jenny found out.
I'd been single for a few months and was amazed when Babs expressed interest in me. I found out via my brother. Babs was a close acquaintance of my sister's best friend.
Babs was a bit of a contradiction in many ways. Unbelievably, at twenty-eight when we'd met, she was still a virgin. I'd been dumbfounded when she'd confessed. Her purity was not for any religious or moral reasons. She'd simply never met anyone who had been able to distract her from her career, she'd told me.
I still found it hard to believe, particularly as she didn't dress like you'd imagine a virgin would. Her blonde hair in a shoulder length bob always caught the eye, and when out for the evening she'd happily show plenty of leg, loved short skirts and had a huge range of underwear which was designed to be seen and admired.
In the bedroom we quickly fell into a formulaic routine each weekend morning where she'd indicate her interest with some wandering hands, get me hard, sometimes sliding under the duvet for some oral attention. I'd follow suit until she was ready, at which point I'd climb aboard into the missionary position, and we'd fuck for ten or fifteen minutes.
I say 'fuck', but I was very much trying for 'lovemaking'. The truth is I'd have loved to fuck her, throw her face down onto the bed and ram into that perfect little cunt from behind, whilst pulling her head back by her hair, or choking that slim throat which I could almost surround with one hand.
But my assumption, which would soon be proved very wrong, was that Babs, who had remained ambivalent to sex for so many years, would be much happier with a gentle, loving approach. And as I was 'in charge' in the bedroom, she assumed that's how it would be and settled into her role as the recipient of my gentle, loving advances.
There were a few clues that I might have her wrong -- not just the way she dressed, but also her nonchalance upon discovering the cache of 'dirty mags' under my bed. But I was so keen to avoid messing things up that I'd assured her that, now that I had her, I had no need for this sort of thing anymore.
It was Bab's suggestion that she pose for some racy snaps for me after she saw the huge amount of porn I'd amassed over the years. She correctly reasoned that if I had some footage of her, that would take precedence over the random strange women that were spread across the pages of the magazines. And so, I'd very much enjoyed the five or six Sunday afternoons where she'd become my sexy model for an hour or two.
The pictures I took were beautiful, sensual and definitely erotic. There was the odd glimpse of nipple, flashes of pussy through sheer underwear, with some completely topless shots being as far as she'd gone. She took the poses I asked her to without question or complaint.
I'd amassed a few hundred pictures of Babs, which I had stored securely on the cloud and also on my phone. The only stipulation she'd given me, was that under no circumstances could these pictures every be shared on social media, websites and the like. Babs took her job very seriously -- she was a primary school headmistress. This meant she was a very familiar face to many in our quite small town. It could be a career destroying event should any sexy pictures of her get out.
I looked at the pictures daily and dreamed about perhaps getting Babs to pose for some slightly more revealing ones. I didn't want to rush it, but I'd not met any resistance so far, so I fantasised about capturing the beautiful sight of her sliding out of her underwear and recording her nakedness for future reference. Even tonight, whilst waiting for her to get ready, I was dreamily flicking between some of my favourites, as she slipped out of her bra on my screen and freed those firm, gravity defying breasts.
Babs' job also meant she wouldn't dream of drinking on a work night, needing to be fresh and ready for a 7am start. Luckily, though, tonight wasn't a work night, it was the start of the summer holidays for her, so she'd visibly relaxed with six weeks off ahead.
All things considered I was happy enough with our relationship. I was proud to be seen out with such a beautiful young woman at my age and was definitely punching above my weight. I could almost read Darren's face saying just that as Babs hung her coat on the back of the chair, her dress doing a perfect job of accentuating her figure, whilst leaving so much to the imagination.
Babs wasn't a big drinker. I'd reflected before that in order to really get her relaxed and perhaps get to know the side of her which she'd kept relatively unknown, there would be nothing like a good skinful. The problem was that Babs generally didn't drink. Not teetotal, but she would rarely have more than two on a night out, so never let her guard slip due to intoxication.
The evening had gone pleasantly enough. When we'd arrived Darren's dinner plates were just being taken away, and we had a long chat about work stuff. Darren politely asked about Barbara's work, and remarked how jealous he was that she had such long holidays.
"It seems a lot, but it's not all relaxation, unfortunately," This was a familiar riposte to those who considered a teacher's life to be an easy one, and it got her quite defensive. "So much marking, scheduling, I've got interviews to do..."
"Not tonight though, eh?" I interjected, knowing that she'd very quickly get pulled into work mode if allowed.
"Yes, you're right. I've promised Dan there will be no thought or talk of work for at least a week!" she smiled. At this point Darren and I were onto our third drink. Babs, predictably, had allowed us to go ahead, and was still nursing her second.
"You sure you don't want another? Darren had questioned before going to the bar.
"Not a chance," I answered for her. "Even though she can lie in as much as she wants in the morning!" Babs stuck her tongue out at me playfully.
"Just because I'm not an alcoholic like you. Two drinks are plenty for me, and yes. I'll have a lovely lie-in tomorrow."
"Don't rub it in!" Darren laughed. Me and Dan are in at nine!"
Instinctively I pulled my phone out of my pocket to check the time and unlocked with my fingerprint. I was next to Darren, with Babs sitting across from us. She couldn't see it, but Darren absolutely could, and there, shining out from the bright screen stood my girlfriend, hands on hips in sheer white knickers, stockings and suspenders, one arm across her chest Brely concealing her nipples, the other on her hip which was cocked slightly, as she gazed into the camera.
I'd been idly browsing through some of my favourite sexy pictures of my girlfriend whilst waiting for her to get ready, and the last one was still on screen. I froze for just long enough for it to have been impossible for Darren to mistake who it was. I even saw him look up to Babs, who was sitting directly opposite him, and then back to the phone before I managed to move a muscle.
In a panic I desperately fumbled with my phone. The sensible thing would have been to put it straight back into my pocket, but instead I accidentally swiped across. This was the very worst thing I could have done, as this revealed the next picture, in which Barbara was confidently standing, hands on hips, with both breasts proudly on display.
"Oh shit," I stuttered, finally finding some coordination and switching the screen off.
"What?" Babs smiled, unsuspecting. I glanced over at Darren, who raised his eyebrows, before deciding now was a good time to visit the gents.
"What happened?" Barbara said again, as Darren disappeared. I felt my stomach churning. This could well be the end of our relationship. The one thing she'd hammered into me was the risk to her job and reputation, should any of these photos get out. And I'd just shown Darren her posing topless. I hadn't meant it, sure. But that was likely to count for little.
"Oh shit. I'm so sorry!" I almost wailed. "It was an accident, I swear."
"What?" Babs was looking worried now.
"I was just checking my phone. I unlocked the screen, and..."
"And what?"
"Before we came out, I was looking at some of the pictures, you know, my pictures of you."
She understood. She closed her eyes and sighed loudly. There was a pause as she digested what I was saying. I felt like I could hear her mind working as she decided what was to be done. Finally, she put out her hand.
"Show me," she demanded. I looked at my phone. After unlocking he screen. I quickly slid back from the topless photo to the one before, which, although definitely erotic, would not actually be considered not safe for work, and handed it to my girlfriend.
"Oh, for fuck's sake. Dan. How could you?"
"I know. I'm so sorry." I took a deep breath. "The thing is," I was old and wise enough to know that the full extent of what I'd done would come out at some point, so it might as well be now. "I... I was fumbling to lock it, and I accidentally swiped across." Rather than try to explain verbally, I swiped across on the phone which she still held in the palm of her hand. Babs sat and looked at herself posing topless and smiling out from the screen silently for a few seconds, before reaching for her drink, which she uncharacteristically drained.
"I'm going home," she stated, standing and putting on her coat. I stood to join her, but she had other ideas.
"No, you can stay. Tell Darren I'm sorry, I had to go." I knew it would be a bad idea to disobey, so I watched her leave, wondering what consequences would follow.
I had one more drink with Darren, who clearly felt awkward about what had happened. It wasn't mentioned verbally, but we both knew what he had seen, and why Babs had disappeared all of a sudden.
On my return, Babs was fast asleep. And, conveniently, this was still the case in the morning when I got up for work. I spent most of the day in the office trying to imagine the conversation to be had later, pre-preparing my answers multiple times.
"About last night," I began as soon as I entered the kitchen on my return from work. I knew there was no point delaying this conversation. Babs had her back to me and was chopping vegetables. The chopping stopped.
"Yes," she prompted. I reeled off my speech to her back, as she hadn't turned to face me. I told her how I was so stupid and irresponsible, how it would never happen again, how I understood how embarrassed and even betrayed she must be feeling.
I was enormously relieved and surprised when she turned and gave me a hug and a kiss -- quite a passionate one, I thought. I pulled away and gave her a quizzical look.
"That's not what I was expecting."
"I know. I've had some time to think about it, and I know it wasn't on purpose. I know you'd never deliberately do anything like that. It was just lucky that it was Darren, and not one of the parents or someone is all."
"God, I know. I totally get it. I will delete all that stuff off my phone, make sure it will never happen again."
"No! No, there's no need to do that," she smiled. "Just be more careful, OK?"
I felt like there was a catch, surely.
"Are you sure? I mean, accidents can happen. If there's nothing on my phone it can never happen again."
"I know, but I like that you've got me there whenever you need me. I don't want you to lose that."
"Wow. I didn't expect this at all. I'm so glad, I thought you might decide that was the end for us."
"Oh Dan, no. I love you. And I love that you want me, want to see me posing for you. I'd just prefer not to be flashed at random men without warning."
"Like Darren, I know. Jesus, you should have seen his face!"
"I bet he got a shock!" She seemed quite at ease with it now. I relaxed completely.
"He did. He looked at the phone, then at you, then back at the phone. And that was just the first picture. When I swiped onto the next..."
"When you showed him my tits, you mean?" I'd not heard Babs talk so graphically before, and it caused me to pause for a moment. She turned and resumed her chopping.
"Yeah. I mean, I didn't knowingly show him, I..."
"I know, I know." She chopped without a word for at least thirty seconds, the regular 'tap tap' of the knife on the chopping board echoing around the silent kitchen. "So, what did he say? After I left?" she continued chopping, still with her back to me.
"Nothing, we just had one more pint, and said our goodbyes."
"He didn't mention it at all? What about in the office today?" I couldn't see her face, but she might have sounded slightly disappointed.
"No, I don't really see him much at work, he was in a meeting all day. Besides, it's not really something you'd talk about, is it?"
"I don't know how you men work. I had a long talk today with Julia, and we talked all about it."
At the mention of Julia my ears immediately perked up. We'd never met, but I'd heard a lot about her. Julia had been Babs' housemate at university, in years two and three when they'd rented a shared house with six others.
Babs described Julia as the carbon opposite of her. Raven hair vs Babs' blonde. Gregarious and outgoing compared to Babs relative introversion. And whilst Babs remained virginal throughout university, Julia most certainly did not.
I can remember being surprised that Babs, despite her own purity, described the sexual exploits of Julia without any judgement. I'd even thought I'd detected a hint of admiration as Babs described how her friend would go through men almost daily in her first year. And in year two, she'd started working as an escort, to help her with her tuition and accommodation fees.
She was, according to Babs, stunningly beautiful, and commanded large fees for her company. She'd regularly disappear for days at a time, returning with sums of money which a student could only dream of. It was no surprise to Babs that she ended up marrying a much older (even older than me!), wealthy man.
It now made a bit more sense that Babs was so forgiving about what happened. Julia sounded like the sort of friend who wouldn't jump to conclusions and give bad advice on a situation like the one I'd caused. I made a mental note to thank her, should we ever meet.
"So, you definitely didn't talk about it at all?" My mind came back to the question -- had I spoken to Darren about what had happened? I repeated that I had not but noted that Barbara had been remarkably persistent on this point.
The seed had been sown, and our relationship was about to change completely.