"johnnie, be a good host and remove your wife's panties so these fine gentlemen can see a white woman's pussy for the first time."
That was the opening salvo, the signal that the curtain was coming up on a different experience for me.
I was naked as a jay bird when Mr. Wallace entered with three men in tow. For some reason he was gracious when, over the phone he gave me permission to remove my chastity tube.
"Johnnie, these are Nigerian Embassy Diplomats. I expect you to show them the utmost courtesy while they visit with us this evening. Understood?"
"Yes sir, Mr. Wallace. Welcome gentlemen. May I get you something to drink?"
They had amused looks on their faces but declined alcohol saying their religion prevented them to imbibe.
"Scotch rocks, little man."
I hurried off to fetch Mr. Wallace his cocktail.
While in the kitchen I heard some quiet laughter and one man asked Mr. Wallace, "Roland, it is like you said. Has that white boy no shame?"
"Shame? What good would shame do for one with such a little dick?"
More laughter ensued and whether I had any shame or not, my dick rose to the occasion.
The dark and extremely handsome black gentlemen saw my erection pointing as I walked over to Mr. Wallace and gave him his drink.
Treating me as though I was just the help, he took his cocktail without acknowledging me.
"The little man here is married to the fine white woman I told you about. She is unable to resist my cock but as you can see, she has had nothing much to work with."
"We see that," one of our guests said amused as he looked with disdain on my straining boner.
Mr. Wallace went on to explain that males like me are the reason so many white women are turning to black men for sex. All three laughed when Mr. Wallace told them that once a white woman goes black, they won't go back. "It's not that they can't. Of course, they can, should they choose to do so. But they don't."
Just then Cindy floated in wearing a long flowing robe tied loosely at the waist. She walked over to Mr. Wallce who gathered her in his arms and they had a passionate kiss as he ran his large hands over her body.
The three Diplomats looked from them to me and back to them.
Mr. Wallace whispered something to my wife as they disengaged from their intimate embrace.
Smiling, Cindy went to each man and kissed them on the lips. This was new as Mr. Wallace had never allowed touching of his black cock whore before now.
"Cindy, you know why these gentlemen are here. Let's procede, shall we?"
"I've been waiting for these fine handsome gentlemen for hours, Roland. I would like little more than to give them what they are here to see."
There would be no recliner for Cindy to display herself in this night. Mr. Wallace had instructed my wife to use the coffee table which was very close to our guests.
"You men may, if you wish, record my bitch for your own later use. You might want to get a few frames of our white boy here and his pathetic dick as well."
Nodding to me, Mr. Wallace decided it was time to begin. I went to my wife and from behind, as she faced our guests, I removed her robe.
Cindy wore only thin white panties and thigh-high hose this night. No bra. Her breasts were already heaving with excitement as she allowed our guests to admire her sexy body.
She had me turn the coffee table so that our guests would have an unfettered view of her open legs.
She laid on the table and began by caressing her breasts and tormenting her nipples. The thin panty gave an almost unobstructed view of her dampening pussy.
After having mauled her own breasts for our guests, she reached inside her panties to begin rubbing her clit.
After several minutes of watching her squirm, Mr. Wallace directed me to assist her. "johnnie, be a good host and remove your wife's panties so these fine gentlemen can see a white woman's pussy for the first time."
I pulled the moistened thin nylon panty down her legs, Cindy raising her generous bottom to help me.
"If you men care to pull our cocks out, johnnie can assist you in that. Right, johnnie?"
"Yes sir, Mr. Wallace," I replied. Turning to our visitors I smiled, "Just let me know sirs."
"Why does she do this, Roland?" One of our guests asked.
"Because I tell her to and because she likes showing off her pussy. Isn't that right, Cindy?"
Cindy could barely speak but was able to acknowledge what her man had said. "I just love handsome black men to see how horny they make me."
"Does she fuck them?" another asked.
"Not yet but soon I'll host a breeding night and have some brothers fuck a baby up her married white pussy."
"White boy. Come."
I hurried over to the man who seemed to be the head honcho of the three. "Sir?"
"You may assist me as Roland said."
Bolts of electricity filled my senses. Since that first time I handled the cocks of his friends, the thought of doing such a nasty thing again was never far from my mind.
Did I want to handle cocks? That was a question I tried very hard to come to terms with. Surely I wouldn't volunteer to fondle cocks of well-hung gentlemen. I only knew that I wanted to be told to debase myself.
Now, as I fished out what was a beautiful coal black cock, I slid my hand up and down the shaft without being asked or told.
I felt his hand on my shoulder pushing me down. "You block my vision white boy."
"I apologize, sir," I said as I knelt in front of my handsome guest.
"Does this white boy's wife suck black cocks, Roland?"
"She loves to suck mine," he said to much laughter.
"Ah, that is how it should be, then."
"Does this white boy suck cocks?"
"Ask him yourself?"
While they carried on their conversation, one other gentleman took my free hand and placed it on his growing cock.
"Well white boy? Do you suck cocks?"
Looking up at his handsome face, the expectant look in his dark eyes, I wanted to scream no, no way. But I knew two things. First, Mr. Wallace would not be pleased had I answered rudely and not been a proper host. Secondly, I had to be asked or told. There was no way I could volunteer for such service.
"Sir," I began in a very soft voice. "I haven't been asked to do that," and then after a brief pause, I added, "yet."
The room fell quiet except for the grunting and moaning of my wife. I heard her ass slapping the wooden table as she experienced her first orgasm.
The air was thick with the aroma of pussy as I waited for my guest to ask me to suck his cock.
It seemed like minutes passed before he said simply, "You may begin."
I looked up at my new friend and sighed, "Yes sir."
There was a heavy musky scent emanating from his cock as my lips made contact with it. There was an audible sigh from him as my tongue began to explore first the head then the magnificent shaft.
I could sense he was growing impatient so I opened wide, took his cock in my mouth, and sucked him.
I felt a nudge on my cheek and realized the man whose cock I had been jacking wanted the same courtesy.
So I began to alternate between the two throbbing, drooling cocks learning how to please real men as I tried different methods. Strangely, I found myself wanting to make them happy, to give them pleasure. My own erection had not diminished one single milimeter.
To me, this was tons better than just urging out residual sperm and wiping cocks clean. I felt part of the action, included in the event.
I settled in and used my mouth as they watched Cindy masturbate herself for their amusement.
"Look Roland, your white bitch pushed her finger in her ass."
That was about when I heard a low wailing that rose in volume and intensity from my wife. It was animalistic in nature, a sound I'd never heard her make before.
Her big bottom slapped against the table top in a feverish tempo, her orgasm so great that the wailing became almost deafening.
Just as my wife was climaxing for our guests, the first cock I'd ever sucked jerked and pulsed. The force with which his first rope of thick savory sperm hit my gullet was surprising. He took my head in his hands and forced his cock down my throat as I felt him pulsing over and over.
When he finished, I gave the head of his beautiful cock some licks to get any seepage then turned my attention to the other man.
It took him only a few seconds before he too emptied his balls in me. My own dick was leaking as I swallowed his thick sauce not being able to discern the difference in taste between my two new friends.
I held his big balls through his fine wool trousers as his orgasm tapered off and he pulled his satiated cock from my hungry mouth.
My two cocksmen moved aside allowing their partner to stand in their place. He allowed me the pleasure of slobbering on his organ until he was ready to cum. To my surprise and much laughter from Mr. Wallace and the others, he pulled his pulsing cock from my mouth and covered my face with his seed.
All I could do was kneel with my face upturned and my mouth open to receive his blessing.
When my face had been painted with hot sperm, he used his cock to gather it then feed it to me.
When he stepped away, I knelt panting and feeling like my dick would explode. I wanted so very badly to masturbate like my wife was doing but knew that Mr. Wallace would think it rude of me to ask his permission.
I stayed on my knees and turned to watch my wife in the finishing grunts and groans of her final orgasm. My wife wore a smile on her face as she pulled her finger out of her ass and lay back in a sweaty, satisfied near coma. The coffee tabletop was saturated with evidence of her many orgasms.
Mr. Wallace told me to use Cindy discarded panty to wipe clean the three beautiful cocks that I had so enjoyed.
"Thank you, sir," I smiled at each of the gentlemen as I used her panty to make sure that any late seepage was cleansed.
When I finished, Mr. Wallace had one more thing for me to do. "Put them on, cock sucker. Put those panties on and cover your tiny useless dick."
Even Cindy raised her head to watch me degrade myself once more for her lover and our guests.
To be honest, Mr. Wallace's direction for me to pull my wife's panties on was the last word spoken to me that evening.
"Is it true what you said about breeding your fine bitch, Roland?"
"I've been considering it. What do you think of having a black baby fucked up your married white pussy, Cindy?"
"Only black babies, Roland."
"Why is that?" one of our guests asked her.
"Look at my husband. A white boy who sucks cocks and wears panties. Which of you handsome gentlemen would ever do such a thing."
It was agreed among the men that none would act as I had. "He has no honor, no manhood."
"And there you black studs is your answer why I will only allow black men to use me for their pleasure, and mine."
Roland allowed our guests to fondle his woman and told her to feel their cocks. It was a sexy scene as they passed her around between them.
"Roland, thank you for the fine entertainment. We must get back to the embassy before we have the white boy sucking our cocks again."
"He will if you want," Mr. Wallace replied without consulting me.
"If, sir, you allowed your married white whore for black cocks as you call her, to suck our cocks, we would stay a week."
Again, they all agreed among much laughter as they made their way out the door.
"Damn, johnnie. I'm going to have to sample that mouth soon. Maybe put you on display beside your whore wife."
"Um, thank you, sir," I said having nothing else to say.
When Mr. Wallace left us, Cindy stopped me from pulling her panty off. "Leave them on, baby. They look nice on you. I think I'll have Roland make you wear panties from now on. Won't that be nice?"
I knew better than to argue with Mr. Wallace's woman. "Yes, dear. It would be nice."
"And, as a newly minted cock sucker, maybe ask Roland to fuck you too. I mean what good is a sissy if he can't take a cock in his ass-pussy? Am I right or am I right?"
"You're always right my love."
Mr. Wallace wanted to have some fun with Cindy and decided to let me tag along. He insisted that she wear her shortest skirt and no panties. "johnnie will wear panties, bitch. Not you."
First, he took her shoe shopping and had her try on several different styles allowing the clerk to see her shaved pussy up close and personal. You could tell her was aroused by the way his boner protruded in his trousers. You could also smell my wife's arousal.
Next, an outdoor cafe where Mr. Wallace had Cindy facing the street and directed her to cross and uncross her legs a la Sharon Stone in "Basic Instinct".
Then the conversation turned strange. "Roland, my darling," Cindy said. "When will Keisha ask for me again?"
"My black cock whore wants more black pussy so soon?"
"Oh, hell to the yes, Roland. I never knew how good it would feel to have her big brown ass pressing down on my breasts as she scrubbed my face with her fat pussy. I loved the way her big cunt lips opened so wide that I could feel them on my cheeks as I ravished her pussy."
"Yeah. Keisha is a big woman and she has one plump pussy. You know you were eating my cum from that twat."
"I thought she tasted familiar," Cindy giggled. "You're never far away, are you, my darling?"
"Not too far, my sexy bitch. johnnie, my little dicked friend. You have no idea how well your wife has taken to eating black women's pussy, do you?"
"No, sir," I said squirming. "This is the first I've heard, sir."
"Keisha has a couple lady friends who would love to sample your mouth, Cindy. They asked if they could take you to a dyke bar and pimp you out. How would you feel about that?"
"You know I'll do anything you want, Roland. I prefer your cock over pussy but I have to admit, the thought of Keisha sharing me, making me her whore for her too is kind of exciting to think about. There is something about laying under a big beautiful black woman, my face in her pussy as I hold her sexy big bottom that makes me feel so helpless, so dependent on her kindness. Please, tell Keisha I'll do anything she wants as long as you approve."
"That's my good bitch," Mr. Wallace praised my wife.
Even before lunch was finished my panty was soaked. Seeing the masterful way Mr. Wallace handled my wife was so very erotic and I imagined the many hard cocks due to her showing off.
Word that I had suck a couple cocks didn't take long to get around. It seems the Nigerian Embassy gentlemen had posted their recording of Cindy masturbating for them as well as me nibbling on two fine black cocks.
Let me tell you this, being accosted on the street by a very large, very black, and very handsome man is scary. I was walking down the crowded street having just gone out for lunch when my upper arm was grabbed.
He changed the course of my direction and led me to a limo. Forcing me into the back, I saw another man waiting.
"Is this the cock sucking husband?"
"Yes, sir," my abductor answered.
"Remove your pants white boy."
"But, sir, please. I don't know you. Please. What's going on?"
"Of course. I am the Nigerian Ambassador. I have seen the video of the whore you married. I have seen you honor my people by sucking their cocks. It would greatly please me that you show me the same honor. Now get your clothes off."
Without waiting for me, the two diplomats opened their trousers and fished out two succulent cocks. They slowly jacked themselves as they watched me skin down to my panties. Today's colors were leopard print of which both fine gentlemen approved.
Thankfully there was lots of space in that vehicle for me to kneel before my captors and honor them as I had done the others.
I had one nice cock between my lips as I masturbated the other. My new friends chatted about my efforts.
"I wonder of all white boys love to suck black cocks like this faggot?"
"They must. I'm told by Roland that many white wives seek out black men for sex which leaves little dicked white boys to do the same."
I heard a knock on the tinted window of the vehicle and heard the window being taken down. I tried to pull away from the cock, but Mr. Ambassador held me in place. "Keep sucking white boy."
I had no other option but to obey the handsome gentleman and closed my eyes and went back to pleasing the big cock.
"I see you found him."
"He was just where you said, Roland. He sucks cocks well. You see how he enjoys the seepage as he licks and kisses my crown? Now, my friend, I must insist that you permit me to be the first to implant my seed in this cock sucker's wife. I wish to have them raise a proud Nigerian prince."
"As you know Mr. Ambassador, I have nothing but the utmost respect for you. It would be an honor and privilege for you to fuck a proud Nigerian prince in my white slut's cunt."
"Then it must be soon quickly, Roland. My embassy people tell me they smelled her pussy and she is fertile now."
"By all means, Mr. Ambassador. Tonight, at the embassy?
"Make her available at 8 PM, Roland. Leave this cock sucker home. I do not wish to soil our embassy with such a pathetic creature."
Mr. Wallace laughed and warned me that I'd better be a good host for these two fine gentlemen. Then he departed, leaving me to enjoy my private time with their wonderful cocks.
That evening as she dressed, my wife was very excited. "Roland is going to allow me to have a black baby, johnnie. Isn't that wonderful?"
"Yes, dear."
Roland said that once the young prince reaches adulthood, you'll be the first white boy to suck his royal cock. And should he wish. I will give my pussy to him as I have given it to Roland. Think about that."
I could see my lovely wife splayed out before our son, her arms open, her legs spread as she invited him to take her and make her, his mother, his own whore for his black cock.".
"Roland also said that even as we raise him, he will be our overlord to be treated with much respect. Nigerian tradition says that his word will be law to us."
What she was telling me had me reaching inside my panties to jack off. Raising a young prince to manhood so he can honor me by permitting me to suck his cock and fuck his mother was over the top arousing.