To begin, this is a true story, so yes it really happened. I apologize I don't remember the exact dialogue of that day. I will do my best. That said, the names, locations and dates have been changed. It had been three months, Linda had forgiven me for the indecent exposure. We were friends again... or so she thought. She wasn't my friend, i was going to get revenge.
It was a weekend and she invited me to meet her friend at her apartment. I wore some khaki pants, they were form fitting, but relatively modest. The top was a purple blouse. I noticed that my nipples were protruding. I moved my shoulders to check if they would slip out with movement. With a bend at the waste a on looker could see everything, other than that they were covered. I had on my favorite shoes. They are so cute and comfortable. The outfit was modest enough to be innocent.
She greeted me at the door with a smile. I was clearly over dressed. She was in a tank top and some sweat pants. Her butt was swallowing her pants, I could see her vagina suffocating on the cotton fabric. I couldn't believe my eyes, she was such a hypocrite!! She introduced me to her friend, a man who was six feet tall and had the body of a Olympic gymnast. Brad, the friend, was a man of few words.
A little while after dinner, we were all hanging out around the bar that separates the kitchen from the main room. There is only about a two foot gape between the end of the bar and the wall. i was leaning against the end of the bar showing brad what he wanted to see. For the first time, I was intentionally being an exhibitionist. The big brute couldn't stop staring at my breasts. It was driving Linda wild. As our conversation continued she began repeated grabbing things out of the refrigerator. Her butt waving in the air desperately. By the look on his face brad seemed overwhelmed. He was more interested in my breasts exposed from his view down my blouse. He moved to go behind me into the kitchen. I was busy thinking of how i could adjust to steal his attention some more when I feel pressure against my butt. It felt like someone was pressing a over sized banana against my butt. This pig was slowly dry humping me!! The look on Linda face made it... tolerable. She was PISSED. I was stealing her secret boy toy.
Poor Brad didn't get into ether of our pants, the meat head left alone and fully erect. I was so happy with my performance. I had ruined the adulteresses evening and i was feeling good. My warm and fuzzy victory feeling was abruptly ended. Linda's hand was around my throat, I couldn't breathe. My eyes watered, my hands grasped at her arm to get some air. She was speaking... I wasn't listening my brain was screaming for air. She was soo strong Oh my god I couldn't get free. My fingers began to tingle, my vision was fading I began to dry heave. My body shook violently attempting to get air. And then i could breathe, her hand was gone. I crumpled to the floor gasping. I hear "Get up." her voice is calm and smooth. I am too busy catching up on breathing to stand. Again "Get up." comes as a calm order with a motivating hand gripping my hair. I stand in agony as she pulls my hair down and back, my head pulled back. (Facts I wish I knew at the time, Linda was a Human Intelligence officer; A interrogator. She is also a serious practitioner of Krav Maga. An Israeli martial art. In eastern Europe. In eastern Europe they are hands on during interviews.) She ripped my blouse off tearing in the back. Swiftly followed by her knee to my lower ribs. I began sobbing. " Get completely undressed." she said calmly.
Naked, I stand sobbing in front of her. She orders me to leave her apartment. As i reach for my keys she steps in the way. "Get out" she says in the same calm tone. I wondered out in to the hall naked with tears flowing down my face. Terrified and humiliated I stumbled down the hall. Fortunately, Ms. Winston, a woman in her 90s saw me and took me in. She was very sweet. I hardly cared the care taker was staring at my body. The perverted 19 year old wasn't a concern. She gave me a set of clothes and a blanket. I laid whimpering on the couch. After i while I fell asleep.
I awoke, my butt was out of the pants. I stood and thanked Ms. Winston, then glared at the care taker who was ogling over my partially exposed butt. I felt like i had been in a car crash. As I got to my apartment I discover i left my door unlocked. Thank god.