Christine had slept with three guys over the past 12 months, a rate that in her mind could be considered neither prude nor promiscuous. She didn't really care one way or the other – she just thought that it was probably pretty average for a single girl at 27. While each of the occasions had been a one night stand, neither of the partners had been complete strangers. She had had a few such experiences over the years, but had come to realize that having some connection to the guy she slept with made the whole experience much more enjoyable.
If she had been in a position where she had wanted a serious relationship, each of the guys sure would have been good candidates. They were all cute, kind and charming – not to mention the fact that they were all quite fit. Also, neither of them had that annoying alpha male attitude she hated so much. However, as an ambitious young employee at a growing medical company, she knew that she didn't have the time for a steady relationship. She really enjoyed her job, even with the countless meetings and conferences, and she was dedicated to advancing her career.
Because all three sexual encounters had been a onetime thing, it meant that she had only had sex three times in a year. This really wasn't enough to keep her satisfied. In fact, she had definitely experienced an increased sex drive over the past years, something she knew was related to her becoming more comfortable with her own sexuality. As a young girl, she had been quite nerdy and more interested in her studies than boys. She had wanted to be judged by her abilities, and not by her body. However, as she had transformed herself into a strong and confident woman, she had also become more in touch with her sexual desires. She had also come to realize that she was in fact a very attractive woman.
Encouraged by the increased attention, she had gradually changed her wardrobe into more tight and revealing outfits. She had worked hard all her life and knowing that it was her brain that had gotten her this far, she now kind of felt she should reward herself by allowing her body to get some attention too. She couldn't deny that she had developed quite the exhibitionist streak. Whenever she thought it was appropriate, she would wear low cut dresses that showed off her tits. At an average D-cup, they were quite big, and she figured they were very attractive. She sure got a lot of appreciating looks, something she quite enjoyed these days.
Christine loved her job and she knew she was at her current position because she was good at it. Her daily work routine was interesting and meaningful, and she was grateful that she had really nice coworkers. Therefore, these were the people she generally hung out with even outside of work. They had a lot in common and she didn't mind talking shop outside the office. Since she didn't really want to sleep with complete strangers and that these were the people she most interacted with, it was not surprising that the three guys she had slept with over the past year were also her coworkers. While perhaps not ideal from a professional standpoint, they were actually all her closest colleagues.
She had restricted each of these sexual encounters to out of town conferences. People from her office often had to go away for such events, and for some reason she had felt that it was more OK to fool around then. Thankfully, it hadn't actually messed up the work dynamics and she figured there was sort of a silent understanding – what happens at the conference, stays at the conference. Cliché, but certainly applicable. At home, they had all kept hanging out normally – in and outside of work.
Yet another conference had now just come to an end. This particular event had been located at a tropical resort and Christine had decided to stay for the weekend to make the most of the trip. With the busy schedule leading up to the conference, she figured she now deserved some relaxing time. She knew a few of her colleagues had the same idea and in the back of her head she secretly hoped there would be an opportunity to end up in bed with someone. It had been a few months since the last time and she could feel the sexual frustration building up. Plus, the sexual encounters during the previous conferences had in many ways been a way to reward herself for a job well done, and this one had required particularly hard work.
Feeling a bit fed up with the surroundings of the hotel, she had agreed to join some of her colleagues and drive to a beach resort nearby. It wasn't until she got in the car that she realized that the other people going were just Adam, Ben and Carl – the three guys from work she had already slept with. Realizing this, Christine thought it might be awkward. She hadn't been particularly discreet about her previous hookups and she figured each of them knew she had also slept with the other two. Also, she figured that if she slept with the same guy twice, there might be the expectation that she was after something serious, which she wasn't.
These issues aside, she was also quite pleased. Obviously these guys were attracted to her. While they had tried to be discreet, she had noticed each of them casting glances at her at work, both before and after she had slept with them. She figured she could at least be sure she would get laid if she wanted to. And she sure wanted to. Besides, it would be more awkward to change her mind now than to join to them, and she figured it didn't really have to be weird. She sure wasn't ashamed of having slept with them.
The mood was really good in the car, their work had been well received, and they all felt quite victorious. Christine had been largely responsible for this success and the guys all congratulated her for a job well done. The guys were all a few years older than she was, but Christine was very much their equal. In fact, more often than not she would be the team leader on their joint projects and there was no doubt they appreciated her contribution to the company.
The more they drove, the more Christine found herself distracted by the fact that she had slept with all of the guys in the car. At home, she actually never thought about it much, but somehow it was different now that she was away and informally allowed to play. Her mind kept recollecting the events, and she actually felt herself blush slightly as she thought about how each of the guys looked naked. They had all been exceptionally good sex partners and very attentive to her needs. Come to think of it, these guys were probably the best sexual encounters she had had. Maybe the fact that it had been a few months between each of the encounters added to it, but they had all made her feel desired and she remembered how this had drawn out her adventurous side.
When they arrived at their destination, they checked into their accommodation. It was very nice, and Christine was glad they had spent a bit of extra cash to get a nice place. They all had their own room in a four-room bungalow next to the beach. The guys, eager to get a drink, decided to go straight to a nearby bar. Christine however wanted to take her time to get ready and said she would catch up with them later. She really wanted to pamper herself and ran a nice bath. She had bought a bottle of rosé and she decided to have a glass in the bath. It felt nice to just lie there and relax after a week of stressing. She caressed her own body, and she really started to feel quite sexy.
After her bath, she was feeling a bit daring and she brought out her shaving kit and decided to completely remove her pubic hair. She had never done that before – she would usually just trim it down. She hoped she would end up naked with someone tonight and since each of the prospects had seen her naked before, she thought she might just give whoever it would be a nice little surprise. Smiling to herself, she thought about how this type of thinking would have been unheard of just a few years earlier. She was glad she'd learned to openly enjoy her sexuality.
She then proceeded to get dressed, starting with a pair of black lace panties. The sheer fabric against her now naked mound gave her a sexy, sinful sensation. She also put on a matching bra. It was a bit of a push-up and she knew it would give her a nice cleavage in the short, black dress she had decided on. She figured that she might be a bit overdressed for a holiday weekend with her colleagues, but she wanted to make sure they got the message – she really wanted sex tonight. To make the signals even clearer, she put on some makeup, including a rich, red lipstick. She did her nails, both fingers and toes, with a matching polish.
Before heading out she looked herself over in the mirror. She was pleased with what she saw. The black dress hugged her figure and also exposed a lot of her body. She found her own eyes drawn to the generous cleavage, and the dress was short enough to show off her sexy legs. The weather was too warm for stockings, and she wanted to reveal her naked skin. Her toes looked super cute as the red polish contrasted against a pair of black high heeled shoes that accentuated her feminine legs. Her long, brown hair flowed perfectly and further emphasized the sexually vibrant side she was bringing out tonight. She was super-hot, and she knew it. If only her younger, nerdy self could see her now!
The guys had found a nice restaurant nearby and texted her the directions. Their bungalow was quite remote by car, but the town was easily accessed by a trail next to the beach. It wasn't peak season, so even when she reached the small town center, there weren't very many people around, but everyone she passed on her way seemed to be checking her out – man or woman! Her exhibitionist self really enjoyed the attention and subconsciously she started swaying her hips sexily as she paraded down the beach boulevard.
Her appearance wasn't lost on her colleagues either. As she entered the restaurant, she could see how they seemed to freeze mid-sentence. They were obviously checking her out, looking her up and down as she approached their table. She felt sexually powerful as she stood before them. She was a quite tall woman, and with the high heels, she was almost the same height as the guys.
"Wow, you look great Christine," Adam said and the others were quick to agree. Rather than casually remain seated, they each got up to great her with a kiss on the cheek. They would rarely have done so back home and it sort of signaled that they were no longer just colleagues on a work trip. This was further manifested when Ben pulled out her chair for her in a chivalresque manner. Christine loved the attention and she felt that she would pretty much be able pick whom she wanted for the night.
They ordered some food and wine. The spirits were high and the mood was quite flirtatious during the dinner. The guys didn't even hide the fact that they were all trying to charm her. In what appeared to be a mixture of honest appreciation and a jocular competition, they seemed to be trying to outdo each other with their compliments.
After dinner Christine excused herself and headed for the bathroom. She made sure to sway her hips sensuously as she walked away. She knew they were checking her out, she didn't need to turn her head to make sure. The fact that no one was talking reassured her that they were all just taking in the show.
She took her time in the bathroom, reapplying her lipstick and making sure she still looked her best. When she was done and went back to the table, she noticed how the guys again stopped talking as she approached. This time they almost looked a bit guilty though. Christine felt a bit daring and decided to call them out.
"So, I take it you were talking about me," she said with a devilish smile as she sat down. The guys didn't respond at first so she decided to push them on. "Come on, no need to be shy here. What were you saying?"
"Well," Carl started. "We just kind of realized that we all had sort of... you know."
"You have all slept with me," Christine helped him along.
The guys laughed nervously.
"Yeah, something like that," Adam admitted.
"And now you were comparing notes?" Christine asked, covering her mouth with a feigned expression of shock. She figured that probably wasn't true, but as she said it she actually thought that the idea of them discussing having sex with her would have been quite hot.
"No, no, nothing like that," Ben reassured her and Carl continued.
"We just wanted to make sure that nothing serious was going on and that..."
He didn't finish the sentence and Christine decided to help him.
"That I'm fair game?" she said and smiled slyly. She was surprised with how direct she was. The wine may have helped with that, but the sexual mood was also quite apparent and she found that it was liberating to be open about it. She knew she wanted sex tonight, and no doubt the guys around the table knew that as well.
"Typical men," she continued. "You sleep with a guy once, and suddenly he wants to marry you."
The guys laughed, relieving the tension in the room. Looking slightly more sincere, Christine continued.
"Look, you're all great guys, and I must admit that the sex was absolutely fantastic with each of you. But I'm not going to get in a serious relationship with anyone from work."
She looked around the table to make sure everybody seemed to be OK with this. They just looked at her with lusting eyes and she decided to get back into a more flirtatious mode.
"But in terms of being fair game, I'm a pretty fair lady though if I may say so myself," she said, posing for them with one hand coquettishly behind her head. "And I'm definitely game."
With the last remark, she made herself tingle with excitement. Once again it felt very liberating to be open about her intentions.
"So, it's obvious you have three willing candidates here," Adam said and then winked at her. "Maybe you should just make your pick?"
"Yeah, you've sampled the goods before, so you know what you get," Ben added, making Christine giggle.
This was all true, and she loved having the power to just being able to openly pick which one of her colleagues she was going to sleep with tonight. But she didn't want to make it that easy. She was enjoying them competing over her and she wanted to drag out the process. Besides, she actually didn't know which one she would pick.
"I suppose I could," she said. "But how could I choose? As far as I remember, you were all very satisfactory. Maybe you could remind me of the experiences and make your case?"
The guys just stared at her with open mouths.
"Do you want us to describe the sex we had with you?" Carl asked in disbelief.
It wasn't that Christine actually needed to be reminded. She remembered all of the occasions quite well. But this open discussion about sex really struck a chord with her exhibitionistic streak. The idea of them describing their previous encounter was making her very turned on. More than that, she liked the notion that they would compete for the opportunity to sleep with her again.
"Yeah, we all know I've already slept with each of you before," she said, sensuously running her fingers along her collarbone. Her bright red fingernails attracted the gaze of three pairs of eyes, drawing attention to her soft skin and slender shoulders. Knowing that she had them under her spell, she continued.
"Now tell me about how it was for you and convince me of why you should be the one to do it again. Why don't you start Adam, you were the first. That's if you haven't forgotten about it of course."
"Oh no. I sure haven't forgotten about that," Adam said and took a big gulp of his wine, obviously feeling somewhat nervous and uncomfortable about it.
"Uhm, OK," he started. "Well, it was at that conference about a year ago. I think all of us were there but I was the one presenting our work. Not sure it affected my chances, but I remember particularly acknowledging your contribution to the project."
Christine did remember this. She was sure it wasn't just something Adam had included in the presentation to get into her pants, but she had really appreciated it.
"I think you liked that and thanked me for it during the conference dinner," Adam continued. "I guess we just kind of hit it off and started flirting a bit. I remember that they were quite generous with the wine at that dinner, maybe that helped."
He then paused and grabbed the bottle on the table.
"By the way, do you want some more wine Christine?"
Christine giggled and accepted the wine. While pouring her glass, Adam continued.
"Honestly, I had been checking you out at work quite a bit and I couldn't believe my luck when you seemed to respond to my advances. I knew it wasn't a great idea to hook up with someone from work, but frankly you're just too hot to resist."
"Why thank you Adam," Christine responded and smiled at his little compliment.
"Well, it's true though," he said. "I guess we weren't being very discreet about it and I'm sure people were noticing."
"We sure were," Ben said, making everybody laugh.
"I thought as much," Adam continued. "And then after the dinner, you whispered in my ear that you wanted to come back to my room and grabbed me around the waist and led me to the elevator. I'm pretty sure we started kissing before the doors closed."
"You sure did," Carl added, and everybody laughed again.
"Then," Adam said, "When we were almost at my floor, you stopped the elevator and laid down the law. You explained that you weren't after a relationship and was just looking to have some fun that evening. I naturally agreed, thinking that you would start the elevator. Instead you leaned in and whispered in my ear, asking if I wanted to have some fun too. You then started rubbing my..."
"Your what?" Christine asked, getting increasingly turned on by having the event described back for her.
"My cock. You started rubbing my cock. I was blown away by how forward you were, and I was even more surprised when you proceeded to drop to the floor. I remember that I could barely believe it when you unzipped my pants and took out my cock right there in the elevator. I'm not complaining of course, I'm just saying it was not something I thought you would do."
Adam was looking at Christine, seeing if she actually wanted him to carry on. She didn't give him any signs to stop so he continued.
"You then started licking up and down my cock and soon took it in your mouth. It was just heavenly. In some way I guess it should have felt weird to have my coworker give me oral sex in an elevator, but it actually felt like the most natural thing in the world. I must say that you were... quite talented."
Christine smiled at this remark but also had a feeling of pride. As she had become increasingly comfortable with her own sexuality, she had noticed that she had started enjoying both receiving and giving pleasure much more. Giving head was something she really loved and she was glad her efforts had been well received.
"I think you must have sensed that I was getting close and even before I was about to warn you, you suddenly stood up and kissed me on the cheek. You said something about having bigger plans and pressed the button to start the elevator again."
"Woa, that's pretty wild stuff Christine," Ben said. "You know they often have cameras in hotel elevators, right?"
Christine actually hadn't thought about that, and now that she did, she actually didn't care. She was so worked up that she just found the idea that someone could have seen it quite sexy. Hopefully she had made some security guard's nightshift much more interesting.
"Still stroking me, you then told me to give you my room key," Adam continued. "When the elevator got to my floor, you peered outside and after making sure that the coast was clear, you dragged me along behind you by holding on to my cock. I remember thinking that it was crazy, but I wasn't going to argue with you then."
Ben and Carl chuckled, but since they too had been at the receiving end of Christine's wild side, they probably weren't that shocked.
"I don't think anyone saw us, but it's hard to tell since all the hotel doors had peepholes," Adam said. Christine still didn't give any sign that she wanted him to stop so he carried on.
"As we got to my room, you quite forcefully pushed me onto the bed. You then started to slowly undress for me. You were in business clothes with a tight black skirt and a tight white blouse. I'll never forget the anticipation I felt as you slowly unbuttoned the blouse. You then unzipped the skirt, swaying your hips slightly as it fell to the floor. You also wore some stockings that you then peeled off. It was incredibly sexy to watch you there, standing in my hotel room in white panties and bra. I still had my cock out and, well... it was impossible to resist touching it when I saw you."
Adam actually looked quite embarrassed as he said this, and Christine decided to encourage him.
"Yeah, I really liked that."
"I'm sure you did," Adam continued. "You kept urging me to stroke it for you, saying that I had to get all hard for you if I wanted to see your tits. Needless to say, I did as you told me and to my delight, you unhooked the bra. I think you must have enjoyed being a bit of a tease, and rather than just letting it fall to the floor, you held it against your tits. You made me admit that I had been lusting to see them for a long time before you proceeded to let the bra fall to the floor. I hope you don't mind me saying so, but your tits are absolutely beautiful."
Christine didn't mind at all. Neither did she mind that the comment immediately made all the guys turn to look at her cleavage. She pushed her chest out to give them a better view as Adam paused briefly before continuing his story.
"You then turned to give me a great view of your ass and slowly started to peel off your panties. It was just amazing to watch you. I think you had enough of teasing at that point, you even told me you needed to fuck. With a joint effort, my clothes were gone in seconds and you straddled me on the bed. I'll never forget how amazing it felt as I slid inside you."
There was a moment of silence and Christine was sure that all the guys were now thinking about how it felt to slide their cocks inside her. She was getting wet herself from thinking about it.
"You then seemed to tease yourself with my cock, riding slowly up and down on it. As you picked up the pace, you started moaning very loudly. It was incredible to just lie there and watch you bounce up and down on-top of me. Watching the way your tits moved was hypnotizing. I noticed that you were getting close to climaxing, but I wanted to keep you on the edge for a while longer."
"Yeah, you're such a bastard," Christine joked, but she was panting with excitement as she spoke. She hadn't really expected Adam to be so graphical in his description, but she really appreciated it. It was really hot to have him retell the events of that steamy night. It tended to her exhibitionist needs. While the other guys hadn't been there to watch it, she knew they were now creating a mental image of what she would have looked like. In fact, as Adam was telling the story, she felt that she got to be both the object and part of the audience observing her. It sent sweet chills through her body and she couldn't wait to hear more.
"So I rolled you off me," Adam continued. "And you were actually whimpering as I slid out of you. I made you get on all fours and got behind you. It was really sexy to watch you there on all fours, waiting for me to enter you again. As I did, you started moaning even louder than before. I started rather slow but soon I was... I was fucking you hard. This time I allowed you to have your orgasm, and I could feel you spasm on my cock as you did. I could have easily come at the same time, but I wasn't sure you were OK with me coming inside you."
Christine started blushing as she realized what he was about to tell next. He was looking at her now, making sure she wanted him to go on. Part of her wanted him to stop, but she couldn't bring herself to stop him. Adam had his gaze locked onto her as he continued.
"As soon as you started coming down from your orgasm, you turned around and started sucking my cock. You looked up at me and said you wanted me to come on your face. I think just hearing you say it sent me over the edge and soon I was... well, I was spraying you with cum. I honestly think your face afterward is the hottest thing I've ever seen."
Christine could feel her face turn even redder. She hadn't thought about this particular detail when she asked him to tell them all about the evening. When she was in the right mood, she really enjoyed having the guy finishing on her face, and it had just felt natural with Adam. Hearing him say it aloud made her feel very slutty, but at this particular moment, it just excited her even more. The guys all looked at her face now, and she was sure they pictured her with a face full of cum, and she was surprised to realize she really loved it.
She was so turned on by Adam's detailed depiction of the evening that she felt like just picking him for the night. Yet, she knew that wouldn't be fair, and she also thought she could get some more fun out of this weird little game she had started. Trying to collect herself, she spoke.
"Wow, that was quite the detailed story. You made a very strong case indeed."
She didn't even try to hide the fact that she was turned on. And why should she?
"I guess it's time to hear from the second contender. Ben, do you want to tell about the night we had?"
"Hmm, yeah. I guess I should," Ben started, obviously affected by the story he had just heard. "Well, this of course happened at a conference too. I had kind of assumed you had hooked up with Adam at the previous one, I suppose I sort of hoped I might have a shot this time."
"Well that was a bit presumptuous of you," Christine teased him.
"No, no, it wasn't like I was expecting it," Ben defended himself. "I just figured there was a chance, that's all. I would never have made a move at home, but I somehow figured it was a different thing when we're away. And I was really pleased when you seemed to respond to my flirtation at the conference dinner. There was a dance floor, and we were soon getting pretty hands on. I remember maneuvering us to a darker corner, and when I figured no one could notice, I boldly stroked your ass."
"You weren't as discreet as you think," Carl added with a chuckle.
"You're probably right," Ben continued and then turned back to Christine. "I knew it wasn't a good idea, but you wore some tight, blue dress that made your ass look absolutely amazing. Of course always looks amazing..."
"Aah, that's so sweet of you to say," Christine said, half joking and half sincerely appreciating the compliment. She figured that the guys were quite direct in their compliments about her physical appearance. Had this been a regular dating situation, this probably wouldn't have gone down well. But in this case, it was understood that it was her body they were after and it was in fact her body she was offering. Having them explicitly point out their desire for it was most welcome.
"I think you must have liked the touches and it actually didn't take long before you told me what you wanted."
"And what did I want?" Christine asked, making sure that Ben wasn't going to shy away from any details.
"I believe your exact words were that you wanted to come to my room and fuck," he said with a coy smile. "I certainly wasn't going to turn down the opportunity. Then to my horror, our boss grabbed me on our way to the elevator and said he wanted to discuss some work plans. I was gutted, but there wasn't much I could do. I couldn't really say I didn't have time to talk to him because I was about to fuck another one of his employees. You continued to the elevator and I figured I had lost my chance."
Ben had another sip of his wine before he continued.
"When the boss was finally done talking, I just headed back to my room, cursing the lost opportunity. But soon after I had closed the door behind me, there was a knock on the door and someone called out about room service. I hadn't ordered anything, so was a bit confused. when I opened it, to my delight, you were standing there in just a bathrobe."
"Yeah, I called the front desk to find out what room you were in," Christine added. "Luckily you were just a few doors down from me so I just looked in the peephole when I heard someone in the hallway."
"I figured you must have done something like that, and I'm very thankful you did. I was so surprised to see you that I didn't know what to say at first. And I was even more at a loss for words when you slowly started undoing the belt of your robe – it was outright hypnotizing! I must have looked completely dumbstruck as you let the robe fall to the floor. It was hard to take in that you were suddenly standing there naked, still in the hallway. Even today I can barely believe you did that."
"What's a girl to do?" Christine asked innocently. "You didn't invite me in."
The guys all chuckled at her remark and Ben continued.
"It took some time to regain my composure I suppose. And when I did, I realized that the idea that you were standing there all naked was just really hot. I wanted to take it all in you know. I think I must have stared at your exposed body for a full minute before you asked if you could come in. Naturally I said yes, but you actually stepped inside only after making out with me for another minute or so. As I closed the door behind you, I watched you walk past me and sit on the bed. You sat with your legs wide apart, looking ever so inviting. Hardly believing my luck, I went over and dropped to my knees in front of you. I then kissed your smooth legs, licking my way gently up your thighs."
Ben then locked his gaze on Christine before he continued.
"Your pussy looked absolutely adorable and I could see that you were already very wet. As I gently let my tongue trace the outline of your lips, you bent backwards and pushed your hips out to give me better access. You started moaning as I let my tongue roam over your pussy. It was soon clear that you were ready to come, and I would have gladly used my tongue to send you over the edge. But I believe you wanted more than just a tongue.. I quickly shed my clothes and soon I was naked too. I remember how great your naked body felt against mine as I got on top of you. Even more so, the feeling when I entered you was just fucking amazing."
Christine was breathing heavy now as she remembered the feeling of Ben sliding his cock inside her. She thought about how there really was something special about that moment when a man was pushing inside her. Looking around the table, she was sure she was surrounded by three guys who were also recalling the feeling of her inviting pussy. Knowing that they were all thinking about it now was an extreme turn on for her.
"I think we swapped back and forth between you or me on the top quite a few times, and I can't really say what I enjoyed the most," Ben carried on. "Your tits looked just incredibly sexy as you rode me, bouncing up and down in a mesmerizing way. But they also looked fucking hot when they moved back and forth on your chest as I was thrusting harder and harder into you. We were in that position when I felt you starting to orgasm. Watching you come was just incredible, and I really had to strain myself to not come inside you."
Christine started blushing again remembering what was coming next. She figured the rest of the audience did as well...
"As you started coming down from your high, you pushed me off you and made me straddle your chest. You said you wanted me to fuck your tits until I came, and you told me you wanted me to – and I quote you now – 'cum all over your face'. In some sense, it was almost unreal to hear you talk like that, but in that situation it also just sounded natural. It felt truly amazing to slide my cock between your tits., It was all wet from being inside you and it didn't take long before I couldn't hold back anymore. As I shouted out that I was coming, you leaned up and opened your mouth. It was like you were making yourself into an inviting target."
Christine actually let out a slight gasp at these words. It felt rather humbling to have her colleague talk about her in this explicit way, but somehow that just seemed to excite her even more. Ben understood that her lustful gaze meant that she wanted him to continue and describe what happened in great detail. Christine stared wide-eyed as he continued.
"I must say I don't think I've ever come so hard in my life. I still can't believe you let me cum on your face like that, and you were completely covered afterwards."
"Oh my god!" Christine said, knowing that her face was red from embarrassment. She sure was comfortable with her sexuality these days and wasn't really ashamed of anything she did. But her fascination with facials was different. She had a few close female friends that she would share quite explicit details of her sex life with, but she always excluded this part. She felt that it wasn't something a girl was supposed to enjoy, and yet she really did. In fact, she probably enjoyed it even more just because she felt that she shouldn't.
Ben could obviously see her embarrassment but continued....
"I must agree with Adam though. The look of your face at that point is probably the hottest thing I've ever seen." He then had a look on his face as if he just remembered something.
"Oh, and then you did something that I still don't quite understand. Trying to be a gentleman, I offered to go get you a towel to wipe off with, but you declined. Instead you said you were going to your room and collected your key from the robe. After making sure that the coast was clear, you quickly walked across the hallway to your room – still naked and with cum on your face."
Christine had been quite dazed after her orgasm and she had actually forgotten about this part until now. At that moment it had just felt right.... She had wanted to chock him by doing something outrageous. Looking around the room, it was obvious that the guys were all imagining what she would have looked like as she walked across the hall – all naked and with cum dripping from her face. She again felt that mixture of humiliation and excitement swell up in her body. As if needing to cool down her face, she used her hands as fans.
"Is it really hot in here?"
What had she gotten herself in to? Still, she couldn't back away now. If nothing else, her pride would have stopped her. She had started this game and she was going to finish it.
"So, Carl. I guess it's just you left now. Do you want to make your case too?"
"I believe I do," Carl said and then cleared his throat. "I guess it's about four months ago now that we hooked up. It was at that conference at the quite luxurious hotel."
The group briefly discussed what the name of the place had been, but soon decided it wasn't important and Carl continued.
"Now, I'm not going to say that I expected us to end up together during that conference, but I had sort of figured out that you had slept with Adam and Ben previously. And since you didn't appear to be dating either of them afterward, I kind of hoped there was at least a chance."
Christine faked a shocked expression.
"Sadly, I never really got a chance to talk to you alone during the conference, and there weren't really many social events that time. A bit bummed, I figured I wouldn't get my chance. I believe the conference ended on a Friday but as luck would have it, I couldn't get a seat on the plane until the morning after. I actually thought I was the only one, and thought I would just get some exercise. It was too cold to swim outside, but they had a big indoor pool. As I got there I realized that you appeared to have had the same bad luck with the plane tickets. I noticed you getting out of the pool as I got there and I must admit I waited a bit before approaching you. It was quite late and you were the only other person there. You looked so hot in that pink bikini and I really wanted to take in the sight. To my amusement, you actually started doing some stretches there and it was quite the show."
He winked at her when he said this, and Christine smiled slyly.
"Well," she said. "Since we're being all honest here tonight, I guess I should let you know that I actually noticed you coming in and decided to use it as an opportunity to show off a bit. In fact, the only reason I was in the pool that day was because I figured you would go there to exercise."
"Ooo, aren't you the smooth operator," Carl said.
All of them laughed at this, and Christine thought that it felt good to tell them about it. She wasn't just some passive girl that guys could pick up. She liked sex, and when she wanted it, she was happy to initiate it. She was making that clear tonight.
"When I eventually walked over to you, you greeted me with a big grin, and I was sure you pushed your chest out to give me an even better view, Carl continued."
"Maybe," Christine said with an innocent voice.
"And then you asked me if I liked your bikini. I guess I was a bit taken aback and worried that I had stared too much, and I think I said something like it looked nice but I wondered if it really worked for doing laps. It was quite skimpy, you know. You just laughed and said 'maybe not'. I guess I didn't feel so smooth myself then so I decided to jump into the water. You just sat and watched me from the side of the pool, and I was pleased that you appeared to check me out."
"Maybe," Christine reiterated with a crooked smile.
"After a few laps, I stopped near you and asked if you were getting back in. You said that I appeared to be worried that you might lose your top and I said that 'worried' wasn't really the right word. You said 'let's see' if it works and then dived in."
"I believed it stayed on just fine," Christine interrupted.
"Sadly, it did. You even grabbed your tits and said that those babies were apparently staying covered up. And then you asked me if I was disappointed. I admitted that I was and you started taunting me, talking about how good that bikini top was. You were sort of bragging about how it never failed you or something. It was obvious you were in a teasing mood, and I said I bet I could make it fall off. You then dared me and said I had to catch you first, splashing water at me before you swam away. Clearly, I was very motivated to swim fast, so it wasn't long before I caught up with you."
"Or perhaps I just let you catch up with me," Christine said with raised eyebrows.
"I don't know about that, but you sure weren't putting up much of a fight when I started to undo your top. It was off within a few seconds I believe, and I held it up victoriously. You covered your tits at first, but you soon let go of them. I couldn't really see them in the water, but I was still really excited that you were swimming topless right there next to me."
The talk about her being topless inevitably made everybody look at her cleavage again. They weren't trying to hide it and she didn't mind. There were times when lustful gazes on her tits were annoying, but tonight they were most welcome.
"Feeling a bit brave, I asked if me returning the top was worth a kiss. You didn't reply at first, and then said that you were OK as long as you had your bottoms on. It was obviously another dare, and again you splashed me with water and swam away. I caught up with you in no time and we started wrestling for your bikini bottoms. Your body felt amazing against mine as you struggled to keep them on. You put up a bit more of a fight this time, but it was obvious you actually wanted me to strip you, and soon I had pulled off your last piece of clothing."
Christine thought about how liberating it felt stripped of her suit there in the hotel pool. She remembered that she had felt a bit helpless because someone could have walked in at any time and she didn't have anything to cover up with. But that had just turned her on. She listened closely as Carl continued to describe the evening.
"Completely naked, you then started to wrestle me to get your bikini back. I'm not ashamed to admit that I used this opportunity to feel you up quite a bit. Realizing that you couldn't retrieve it, you instead started to haggle and asked if you could still swap it for a kiss. I pointed out that now that I had both the top and the bottom, surely it was worth more than just a kiss to get it back."
"You always were the one to come up with a good business model," Christine giggled.
"Well, this time I got good value at least, because you moved over to the ladder and started to slowly rise out of the water. I stared wide-eyed at your ass as it came into view. Then as you reached the top, you turned around slowly and just stood there naked to let me admire you. You were standing with your hands on your hips and I remember thinking that you were glowing with confidence."
Christine recalled that she was actually feeling very confident at that moment. She felt so sexy and it was great to have Carl admire her naked body.
"You then wrapped a towel around you and said that if I wanted to trade the bikini for something more than a kiss, I should bring it to your room. I wanted to just run after you straight away, but after fondling your body in the pool and then watching you all naked, I wasn't really in a position to wander around the hotel."
Christine laughed as she thought about the predicament he would have been in, but she liked the fact that it was her body that caused it. She also remembered that the towel she'd put on barely covered her ass. She had felt really naughty as she walked through the hallway to her room. There had been a few people that she passed, and they had looked at her curiously. She had just greeted them happily and she was sure they checked her out as she passed them and wondered if she was wearing anything under the towel.
"As I got to your room," Adam continued, "you had left the door unlocked. I entered and soon realized that you must be in the shower. I found you there, all naked and wet. I held up your bikini and asked what you were willing to trade for it and you said that it would give me the privilege of washing your body. I said it was a good start and was going to get in the shower, but you said I had to be naked before I could come in. Naturally, I undid my trunks and let them fall to the floor. You were looking me up and down and said you wanted to see me get hard. You told me you wanted me to stroke myself in front of you. I think I would have done anything you asked me at that moment. I was already getting hard again from watching your naked body and soon I was stroking myself for you. With that sly smile of yours, you then asked me to step in."
Christine was getting really turned on by recollecting this. She had felt really erotic and powerful then, having her colleague stroke himself rock hard for her. His cock had looked so sexy.
"I then got in and we started kissing. Your body felt amazing and I decided to grab the soap and began lathering you up. I started innocently with your back, but your body was just so inviting and soon I was letting my hands roam freely over your body. I'm sure you knew that I had desired to touch you for quite some time, and I sure made the most of the opportunity. I don't think your tits ever had been that clean!"
Everybody laughed at this. All the guys knew just how good Christine's body felt, and they knew it would have been amazing to fondle her there in the shower.
Carl continued, "When I was behind you, you started pushing back against me and it was just amazing to feel you rub against my hard cock. I thought you wanted me to enter you there in the shower but you stepped out before I could... You said you wanted me to dry you off and held out your arms out as I started rubbing you with a towel. You then grabbed my swimming trunks from the floor and said that I now had to trade something to get them back. You held them behind your back as you stood there all naked before me. I said that you pretty much could demand anything you wanted. With a pleased smile you walked over to the bed and climbed on top of it. You got down on all fours, facing away from me and I couldn't believe how sexy you were. You then looked over your shoulder and made your demands, saying that you wanted my cock inside you now. You said you needed to be fucked hard."
Christine started panting again. She remembered using these exact words, but they sounded so dirty when Carl told them back to her. She also felt a rush of excitement through her body as she imagined what she would have looked like through his eyes, just standing there all naked and exposed and demanding to be fucked.
"I think you then faced away from me and just waited for me to come and enter you. I walked over slowly to let you experience the anticipation. I climbed on the bed behind you and let my cock slide up and down over your open lips. You sounded so adorably sexy as you started whimpering and pushed back towards me, you nearly begged me to push inside you. Not wanting to torment you too long, I obliged and slowly and gently pushed myself all the way inside you. You immediately started screaming out with pleasure and pushed back hard against me. Soon we were slamming hard against each other and you were screaming aloud that I should fuck you hard. I'm sure the whole hotel heard you."
Christine again used her hands to fan her face. The guys all smiled at her, clearly enjoying the fact that she was getting turned on by their stories. She had started the game, feeling that she had the power this evening. But it had kind of backfired and it had now made her feel rather exposed and vulnerable. But not all in a bad way. It was actually turning her on.
"The hotel room had a mirror next to the bed," Carl continued. "It was almost an out of body experience to watch us on the bed. Your face was of sheer lust and the way your tits were swaying with every thrust, you looked..."
Carl looked at her as if unsure of how to proceed.
"Go on," Christine said. "I'm sure I can take it."
"Well, you looked like someone out of some X-rated movie – like a porn star. Though not in a sleazy way at all– you just looked so incredibly erotic. We went at it for some time, but soon I could feel you tensing up. You screamed out that you were coming as I kept slamming into you. And then..."
Christine knew what was coming. She was sure that Adam and Ben did too. As with the other two, she had made Carl cover her with cum.
"Do you want to tell how it ended?" Carl asked, obviously amused with her predicament.
"Oh god!" she said and briefly covered her eyes. "Well, I believe I turned around and started sucking you off. And when I could feel you were about to peak, I aimed your cock at my face and let you spray my face – I made you cover my face with cum."
She noticed the excitement in her own voice, and she was sure the guys did as well. With partly honest and partly exaggerated shyness she stared down at the table. What must they think of her? And why had she made them depict these events? Now she was sitting here with three guys who all knew that she had made each of them cum on her face. And it wasn't just that. She sure was aware herself that she had been pretty wild with each of them, but hearing it told back to her made her sound seriously dirty. And still, she knew they weren't exaggerating anything. She had done each of those things.
"My god," she said and bit her bottom lip as she looked around the table. "You must think I'm a total slut!"
She had kind of expected them to argue against her, but no one actually said anything at first.
"Oooh, you do!" she said choking..
"No, no, no!" the guys all said at once, suddenly realizing that they might be upsetting her.
Still, the reaction was too slow, and it was obvious their objection wasn't all honest. They probably were thinking of her as a slut. She squinted her eyes and wrinkled her nose, faking an angry face as she peered at them. She felt that she in some way was supposed to get aggravated, but she really wasn't. Was she OK with them thinking she was a slut? She quickly realized that if that had been the whole truth, she sure hadn't been, but each of them had actually been all respectful after she'd slept with them. A more correct description was probably that the guys saw that she had a bit of a slutty side too and they would sometimes enjoy thinking about her as such – and that she could be OK with. She even liked it! She hadn't thought about it in those terms, but as she'd grown more comfortable in her sexuality, she'd come to realize that she didn't have to choose between being an ambitious, smart woman or a dirty girl. She could be both. Now that she thought about it, part of her actually thought she was a bit of slut too – and she was proud of it. And if she figured she could be both, why shouldn't they be allowed to think the same? The more she thought about it, the more it actually excited her. Was she fulfilling the part of their slutty colleague fantasy? She now wanted them to admit it.
"So, you do think I'm a slut then?" she said with a quite amused look on her face. Embracing the part gave her back the confidence. "It's OK you can tell me."
"Well, no, I mean..." the guys all stumbled before Adam eventually could form a sentence.
"It's not really like that. It's just that we clearly all wanted you, and speaking for myself, you sure exceeded my fantasies when I had the privilege. You're pretty damn wild Christine!"
She smiled at him, but she wasn't letting them off this easy.
"I know I am. But that's not answering the question though," she said and confidently stared them down. "Do you think of me as a slut?"
The guys seemed to be looking back and forth between each other as if to silently agree on what the right thing to say was. Ben then raised his hand, his thumb and index finger extended and slightly parted.
"Maybe a little bit" he said and looked at her, nervously awaiting her reaction.
"Thanks Ben, that's very honest of you. What about you guys?"
Adam and Carl followed Ben's lead and gave her the same sign.
"Maybe a little bit," they said.
"You dirty boys!" Christine said and playfully shook her finger at them.
"Well, what about you then Christine?" Carl asked. "What do you think?"
Christine held up her hand and did the same sign.
"Maybe a little bit," she said with a crooked smile.
It felt liberating admitting it and she immediately felt her juices starting to flow. She had just admitted that she thought of herself as a bit of a slut. In fact, all people around the table had admitted to this, and she liked it. She figured she had to set some ground rules though, and held up her hands to make sure she got their serious attention.
"First things first though. Just to make sure we understand each other, will I be a slut when we're back at work on Monday?"
"No, of course not," the guys all reassured her.
"I think we've got a pretty good track record, right?" Adam added.
This was true – they had all been very good at not letting the sex influence the work dynamics, even though she realized she had admittedly acted quite sluttish with each of them. It made Christine feel that they probably had the same idea as her in terms of what was OK – that different rules applied when they were out of town.
"Yeah, I admit you were all very professional before," she said. "Kudos to you all for keeping your dirty thoughts about me out of the workplace."
"But, we're not at work now, right?" Ben said and looked at her coyly.
"No, we're not at work at all," Christine said and leaned back in her chair and pushed her chest out. She was inviting them to stare at her body. Christine felt a sensation of excitement running through her body. Had she just given her colleagues a free card to treat her like a slut? They had just agreed that this was OK for the evening, and consequently she was given the liberty to act as slutty as she wanted.
Accepting the rules, she realized she had no reason to hold back and was sure going to make the most of it... She was going to live out any sluttish desire she might have. Naughty fantasies started running through her head and given the situation, she soon arrived on something she had long wanted to experience. Like most women, she would regularity imagine herself with multiple guys as she masturbated. Was she now faced with an opportunity to make this fantasy come true? Looking around the table, it was clear that she was surrounded by three men that were lusting for her. She knew she wanted them all.
But how does one propose such a thing? She kind of figured the guys would be up for it, but she couldn't be sure. Also, while she was allowing herself to be as sluttish as she wanted, she wanted something more suggestive than merely asking them straight out if they wanted to come back to her place to gangbang her. She might be a slut tonight – but she was a slut with class. She decided to continue the game and see where it would take her.
"Well, now that we've agreed on the rules..."she said and then paused, biting her bottom lip and looking seductively around the table. "I suppose this slut still need to decide who she's going to fuck tonight."
None of the guys responded, but they appeared to be pleased with her choice of vocabulary. And so was she. Referring to herself as a slut manifested her role for the evening.
"I really enjoyed your stories. They evoke some very nice memories. Unfortunately, since you all did such a good job, it didn't make it any easier for me to come to any conclusion. I guess I need to come up with some other strategy," she said, stroking her chin as if she was solving some important problem. "As I recall, you were all quite good kissers. Maybe freshening my memory would help the decision process."
Quickly getting the hint, Carl, who was sitting on her left, leaned in and softly kissed her lips. As he leaned back, Adam leaned in from her right side and did the same. Ben was sitting across the table from her, to allow him access she leaned forward to invite him, and he too gently kissed her red lips. There weren't that many other people in the restaurant, but she noticed that they were now getting some attention, both from other guests and staff. It was actually turning her on to know these strangers were observing her in this position, desired by three men. She decided that she needed more.
"That was nice, but I remember all of you being far more intense."
Again, not missing a beat, Carl leaned in, but this time he started caressing her thighs as he let his lips trace kisses along her neck, across her cheeks and on to her mouth. He then started kissing her passionately, letting his tongue explore her mouth. At the same time, he let his fingers wander along the inside of her thigh, up under her dress. He only stopped himself an inch away from her wet pussy. Christine was panting heavily as Carl eventually backed away.
She didn't have time to regain her composure before she felt Adam lean in from her left. He put his left hand behind her head and gently but firmly pulled her face toward his. As he started kissing her, he too put his hand on her thigh but soon let it wander up her body. She moaned as he let his hand move over her chest. She was being publicly fondled by her colleague, and she loved it!
When Adam let go of her, she knew it was Ben's turn. She could of course just lean across the table and kiss him again, but since the other guys used their hands on her body, she figured she should give him the same access. Straitening her dress, she stood up. She could feel all eyes in the room directed at her as she walked around the table. She then bent down and kissed Ben and they were soon making out passionately. He also didn't miss the opportunity to let his hand caress her ass. With her back against the rest of the restaurant, she knew everyone could see this and she moved her ass seductively to make it an even better show. As Ben let her go, she was flustered and even surer than before that she wanted them all for the night. She almost wanted them to just fuck her right there on the table, but she knew that probably wouldn't go down well. Besides, she was after all a slut with class.
She went over to her seat again, but she didn't sit down. She instead stood behind her chair, looking seductively at her admirers. They were obviously curious about her next move.
"Wow," she said. "That was also very nice. Very nice indeed."
She then paused and looked coyly at her colleagues.
"It's still really hard to choose, you know. I guess the question is – do I have to?"
None of the guys responded, obviously not sure what to do. She was sure they all knew it was in the air, but now the suggestion was out in the open. Christine figured it would be best to leave the guys alone for a while. They may want to set some ground rules themselves.
"I'm going to go freshen up a bit," she said and grabbed her purse. "Hopefully some of you might be interested in walking me home afterward. Perhaps you guys want to sort out the bill in the meantime?"
The guys all eagerly agreed to do so and all started waving to get the waiters attention. At home, she would always make sure she paid for herself, but different rules applied tonight. She asked them partly to speed up the process of getting home, but it also felt right to have them buy her dinner before they would, hopefully, all fuck her.
She turned away and paraded through the restaurant to the bathroom. Feeling sexually vibrant, she confidently met the eyes of anyone who looked at her. She was indeed acting slutty tonight, and she was in no way ashamed of it.
As she got to the bathroom, she could see that she looked quite messy, her lipstick smeared around her hungry lips. Quite accurately, she looked as if she had been making out with a bunch of guys. She smiled as she thought about how all the other guests had seen her like this. She took her time reapplying her makeup, not wanting to rush things.
When she eventually finished, she was happy to find all three of the guys waiting for her.
"So," she said. "Is this lady getting the pleasure of three cavaliers accompanying her to her chambers tonight?"
The guys chuckled at her way of framing the question. It sure was classier than asking them to gangbang her.
"Maybe she does," Carl said.
"But," Adam added. "You kind of made us compete for you before. Perhaps now you need to convince us to follow you home."
Christine didn't think for a second that she didn't really have them convinced already. The guys just wanted some leverage, and she actually appreciated their creativity. The game was still on, and she was going to make the most of this second round.
"I guess you're right," she said. "I guess if I want to capture the whole flock, I need to lure them in somehow."
She giggled and started heading back towards their hotel, walking ahead of her colleagues and swaying her ass tauntingly for them. She looked seductively over her shoulder and could see that they were following her, their eyes hungry for her body.
It was getting late, and the sun was disappearing beneath the horizon. Walking on the boulevard next to the beach, she could see some fiery clouds over the water. It was a quiet night, and there were not many other people out. As they reached the trail leading to their accommodation, she figured she could get a bit daring. Ahead, there was a couple walking their way and she stopped to let them pass before she made her next move.
"You've all seen me naked, but perhaps I need to remind you all and show you a little more of what you could have if you followed me home," she said and then turned her back to them. "Could someone unzip me?"
Ben was quick to rise to challenge, and she handed him her purse before putting her hands behind her head to get her long brown hair out of the way. She felt shivers through her body as she heard the sound of the zipper on her dress.. She turned back to her colleagues and then slowly started to slide the straps of her dress off. She could barely believe she was doing this but it felt great. As the dress fell off her body, she threw it at Ben. Not holding on to it herself meant that she couldn't just cover up if someone approached.
Now in just her black lace underwear and matching high heels, she stood there for a moment, smiling confidently as the guys took her in. She noticed how her exposed skin was glistening in the evening light and as the breeze caught her hair, she felt wild. Her feminine curves were on display and she loved it. If some stranger were to see her, her underwear might at least in a distance pass as a bikini, which would not be unusual next to the beach. But not to her colleagues... They knew what she wearing and more importantly why she had stripped down.
"Does this look tempting enough for you?" she asked as she started walking ahead of them again. No one replied, but she could hear them following her. She swayed her ass back and forth for them, purposely exaggerating her tempting display.
She loved walking in front of them. Eager to let them see even more of her, she would sometimes turn and briefly walk backwards. During one of these turns, Adam looked a bit cheeky and then spoke.
"That does look very tempting. But I think you should remind us all a bit further."
They wanted her to take off her bra too. And while she was quite shocked by the idea, she realized she wanted it too. . She could see their bungalow up ahead and there were no other people around. Still, while it was revealing to walk around in her bra and panties, going topless was a whole different thing. It would be quite sluttish indeed. She wanted it, but decided her colleagues would have to work for a bit.
"Surely you're not suggesting I would show off my tits in public like this?" she said, trying to sound appalled by the idea.
"Oh, I've seen you go topless in a public hotel pool, remember?" Carl argued.
"Well, but that was your fault, you unhooked my bikini top," Christine argued back, and then realized that she was suggesting that they should take it off her. They looked at her with questioning eyes.
"Oh, you wouldn't dare!" she said, in what was obviously an invite for them to go ahead and do it.
They sort of encircled her, and within seconds, Adam had unclasped her bra, expertly using only one hand. Even though she clearly wanted this, she liked the idea that they would strip her against her will, and in a tokenish attempt to put up a fight, she held on to her bra by grabbing her tits. Softly, Ben and Carl grabbed her hands and pulled them away, letting her bra fall to the ground. She was now topless in public.
Instinctively, she grabbed her own tits to cover up. She really wanted this, but it was still a shock to stand there with her tits outs, wearing nothing but her panties and her high heels. The guys sort of stepped back from her, waiting for her to let go and expose herself. With a big breath, she eventually released her tits. Not knowing what else to do, she put her hands behind her head, allowing the guys to take her all in.
"So this is what you wanted to see then?" she said. She tried to sound casual but there was no way she could hide her excitement. And there was after all no need to deny how much she loved being on display for them. With the role she had accepted, it was expected. The guys didn't verbally answer her question, but from the desire she could see in their eyes it was obvious they were enjoying the show.
Christine picked up the bra from the ground and held it out for the guys to collect. As with the dress, she got a kick out of not having the choice to cover up even if she wanted to. Adam was the first to approach her and he took the bra from her hand. He then stepped behind her, softly holding on to her waist. He whispered in her ear, yet loud enough that the other guys heard it too.
"Your tits do look as sexy as I recall them. I remember they felt quite amazing too."
He then let one hand wander up to her chest and started to caress her naked tits. She loved the touch and with her eyes closed and mouth open, she leaned back against him, invitingly sticking her chest out. It was an invite that was accepted by all her admirers. Soon she felt multiple hands roaming free over her body, fondling her tits and sometimes gently pinching her erect nipples. She was moaning with pleasure from their touches, barely believing she was actually standing there topless and letting three guys feel her up in a public space.
She reached out and let her hands wander between the guys, paying particular attention to their crotches. As she expected, they were all getting hard – and it was all because of her. She had three cocks available, all for her pleasure, and she wanted them now.
"Oh, I want more," she moaned. "Let's go back to our place now."
"You're not getting impatient, are you?" Ben teased her.
"I think I am," she replied honestly.
"But hang on," Carl said, looking cheeky. "Last time I had to exchange your bikini for the privilege of being with you. Ben has your dress, Adam has your bra, but I don't have anything to trade for your body."
"Yeah, that's not really fair," Adam filled in.
"But I think there is a solution," Ben said, and caressed her panty covered ass.
It was obvious to Christine what they were after. They wanted to strip her completely!
"Oh, my god!" she said in disbelief as Carl knelt down before her and grabbed her panties.
She covered her mouth with a mixture of shock and embarrassment, but made no effort to stop him. They knew their roles for the night – she had accepted the part of the willing slut, and they had accepted to treat her as such. If they wanted to get her all naked, then of course they were allowed to pull down her panties too. And while the thought of being completely naked in public was humiliating at some level, the idea also excited her exhibitionist side. She figured it would have been hard to bring herself to do it but by handing the decision over to the guys, she felt that she could pretend that she wasn't actually thrilled about it.
The other guys lined up behind Carl as he slowly pulled down her panties, and she gasped as she felt the evening breeze against her moist, naked pussy. With her pussy now exposed for them, she thought that it added to her embarrassment that she had decided to shave completely. Carl didn't however pull her panties completely off. In a subconscious effort to reveal herself more, she had been standing with her legs quite parted, and Carl had left her panties hanging around her knees.
At first, she couldn't really bring herself to do anything and she just stood there and exposed herself. She figured she must look incredibly slutty, standing there with her panties around her knees, exposing her pussy for her colleagues. It sure was embarrassing to know that her completely hairless pussy offered all her details for the audience and she could feel herself blushing. Yet, while she realized she could of course just pull her panties back up again to regain some level of modesty, she really didn't want to. And by not covering up, she was admitting to the fact that she loved exposing herself, the guys had sneakily forced her to be open about this desire. She eventually stuck her tongue out to them and then bent down and removed her panties completely, throwing them playfully at Carl.
"Can you hold on to those for me?" she said and winked at him.
Now completely stripped she had no way to cover up even if she wanted to. Their accommodation was only a few minutes' walk away, and there weren't any other people around, so she figured she could probably get there without anyone seeing her. It certainly made her feel quite vulnerable, but the trust she had in these guys also made her feel safe. They were providing her with an opportunity to act out her exhibitionist desire, and she knew she was going to enjoy it fully. It took a while to grasp the fact that she was naked in public, but as she got used to it, she felt incredibly liberated. And she also felt she needed to be fucked soon.
"So, now that I'm completely stripped, do you think you guys want to walk me home?" she asked, standing naked in front of them with her hands on her hips. Her bald pussy was glistening with her wetness, letting the guys know just how excited she was. She was their willing slut for the evening, and she was proud of it. The guys all smiled and nodded.
"Great," she said and started walking towards their place.
The guys stared walking behind her, admiring her ass as she paraded in front of them. She realized how crazy it was to walk around all naked except for her high heels, but she loved it. She wanted it to last and walked slowly and confidently through the evening light, seductively luring her admirers to follow her.
As she got closer to their bungalow, she was relieved but also a bit disappointed that they hadn't been caught. Adam and Carl got beside her, escorting her up the walkway by holding on to her ass. Christine responded reaching out and holding her arms around their waists. Ben was following close behind and it all felt quite decadent, knowing that she was about to get fucked by three guys at once.
But as they passed some cliffs next to their bungalow, Christine noticed three girls in their early twenties sitting there enjoying the sunset with a bottle of wine. Now they were staring at Christine and her colleagues with open mouths. Two of them were blonde and one was of Asian descent.
"Oh, my god!" one of the blondes shouted out. "She's all naked!"
Christine resisted the temptation of covering up. The embarrassment of being caught naked was diminished by the even greater feeling of slutty pride and excitement. Here she was, a totally naked woman, surrounded by three hot guys. It was all very obvious what was going to happen once they got inside, and the fact that these girls no doubt realized it too gave Christine a wonderfully sultry felling. At the girls' age, Christine wouldn't in her wildest imagination have thought about doing what she was about to do.
"Good evening girls," Christine said, acting like nothing was out of the ordinary. "Lovely night, isn't it?"
Neither of the girls could find the words to respond. They seemed to be transfixed at her naked body, unable to tear their gaze away from her big tits and completely hairless pussy.
"Could someone hand me the key from my purse," Christine continued, using this as a way to prolong the encounter. Her exhibitionist self was loving this exposure.
The guys all looked somewhat dumbfounded, and Adam and Carl were still grabbing her ass. Ben eventually fished the key out from her purse and gave it to her.
"Have a fun evening girls," Christine said as she opened the door.
"Oh, uhm... you too," the Asian girl replied. It seemed to be a polite answer, but the unintended connotation wasn't lost on the other two, who started giggling.
"Oh, I will," Christine said, and then winked at the young girl before disappearing in to their place. The guys followed quickly behind her and the four of them started laughing at the absurdity of the situation.
The laughing however made them break characters for a while. Joking around was part of their normal dynamics, and the shift in the mood made Christine suddenly very aware of the reality that she was naked, hanging out with her three closest colleagues. Strangely, the fact that they were now inside, away from the prospect of other people seeing her, made the experience of being the only one naked even more humbling. Also, it was clear what was expected to happen now. The playtime was over, and now she was awaiting her first group sex experience. She sure wanted it, but now that it was inevitably about to happen she suddenly felt quite nervous. How would they even proceed?
The communal area in their bungalow had an open layout, with a kitchen section in one end and a lounge area in the other. Christine walked over to the kitchen section and got the bottle of rosé she had opened earlier from the fridge. Partly, she figured another glass of wine might help calm her nerves, but she also didn't know what else to do. Being the only one naked in the room, it sure was hard to act natural.
After poring herself a glass, she leaned against the short end of the kitchen table. As if subconsciously trying to act modest, she held her arms in front of her to hide her tits and also held her legs together. She sipped her wine, looking at her colleagues with a mixture of excitement and embarrassment. The guys must have sensed her nervousness and they all seemed to take things slowly. Adam and Ben got on each side of her, leaning against the table, and Carl sat down on a chair in front of her. No one spoke, and at first no one touched her.
Treading cautiously, Ben then started to gently caress her left arm. Even this was enough to make Christine gasp with excitement. She then felt Adam caressing her right arm, and soon after lean in and softly kiss her shoulder. Ben proceeded by stroking her back and leaned in to kiss her neck, and at the same time she felt Carl's hands on her legs. He started by placing his palms on her knees, and then slowly moved them up towards the outside of her thighs. Still tickling her back with his left hand, Adam used his right hand to start caressing her waist and stomach. Both he and Ben were repeatedly planting soft kisses on her shoulders and neck.
It was heavenly for Christine. She loved their touches, and her body was aching for more. Invitingly, she moved her arms to uncover her chest and within seconds, both Adam and Ben moved their hands up to start gently fondling her tits. Christine moaned out softly as she felt their hands on her. She decided to sip her wine, not so much because she needed another drink anymore, but more because she liked the decadent feeling of drinking wine while six hands was exploring her body. It was absolutely divine, and she felt the sexual confidence returning once more.
Carl was still focusing on her legs, and started tracing his hands more towards the inside of Christine's thighs. Boldly, she parted her legs to give him better access, knowing very well that he would be staring straight at her wet, naked pussy. She turned to Ben and while still caressing her left tit with one hand, he softly grabbed the back of her head and pulled her in for a kiss. While making out with him, she could feel Adam intensifying his attention to her other tit, and at the same time, Ben moved his hands teasingly up and down the inside of her smooth thighs, stopping just short of touching her pussy.
Feeling that she needed to get rid of her glass, she broke her kiss with Ben and gave it to him. As he placed it on the kitchen counter behind him, she turned to Adam who was quick to give her a passionate kiss. It felt naught to move directly from one mouth to the other, and she was sure things were going to get much naughtier still. She proceeded to grab her tits, holding them up tantalizingly for her admirers.
"Can you please suck my big tits?" she said, biting her bottom lip.
Rather than diving straight into her inviting tits, Adam and Ben softly laid her down on the table. Still holding on to her tits, she closed her eyes and cherished the feeling of two mouths kissing their way from her neck down to her chest. Lying back on the table, she could no longer keep her feet on the ground, and she bent her legs up and placed her high heels on the table on each side of her. No doubt would this open position be an inviting sight for Carl, and she wasn't surprised as she felt him kiss the inside of her thigh. She moaned with anticipation as he kissed his way up her legs towards her pussy in the same way that Adam and Ben were moving their mouths closer to her tits. At the same moment they started sucking on her nipples, she felt Carl run his tongue along her slit up to her clit.
"Oh my god!" she shouted out, her body twitching with the intense pleasure. The feeling of simultaneously having a mouth on each of her nipples and one on her clit was beyond anything she had experienced before, and jolts of lust was running through her body.
As they continued to pleasure her, Christine thought that the kitchen table was a suiting place for what they were doing. She was a dish for them to enjoy, and from the panting she heard from them, it was clear that they appreciated what she was offering. She was thankful that they had started out slowly, easing her into it in a way that made her want nothing more than for them to devour her body. Now she was equally thankful that they weren't holding back, and the feeling of three mouths and six hands greedily worshiping her body was amazing. Carl was frantically licking her pussy, focusing primarily on her clit, but sometimes letting his tongue move over her entire naked mound. For the most part, she was also having both her nipples sucked, but occasionally either Adam or Ben moved from their designated tit up to her mouth to kiss her passionately. She certainly was feeling slutty now, serving herself to three guys at once.
The liberating feeling of fully allowing herself to display this wanton behavior added to her excitement and between that and the intense physical stimulation she was receiving, it was soon impossible to hold back. She felt as if her whole body was covered with hands and tongues. As she felt the orgasm building up, she shouted out in ecstasy.
"Yes, yes! I'm your slut tonight!"
It was almost shocking to hear the rude words come out of her mouth, but that just sent another jolt of excitement through her body. She was screaming out with lust as the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced started rocking her body. Wave after wave of pleasure kept running through her body, and it seemed like the flow of pleasure wouldn't end.
Even as she eventually started regaining control of her body, she remained on an extended erotic high. The guys were gently kissing her pussy and tits, making her feel incredibly desired. They had given her some amazing relief, but she still wanted more. Looking at the bulges in their pants, it was obvious they were willing to give it to her. She started to rise up, and the guys helped her to get on her feet. She felt week to her knees after the orgasm, and they helped her walk over to the couch.
"Wow," she said. "That was just amazing!"
She paused briefly, as if to really emphasize her words.
"As much as I like being the only one naked, I would really love to see you guys get naked now."
Her colleagues weren't slow to obey, and with a pleased grin on her face she sat back and watched as the three of them started removing their clothes for her. They weren't just ripping their clothes of, but rather slowly stripped down for her and she felt quite powerful as she enjoyed the show. Her body was tingling with the aftershocks of her climax, and she was sensuously stroking her body as she sat there before them.
Soon, the three of them were down to their underwear, and they seemed to briefly pause, maybe feeling a bit weird to strip down in front of each other. Still, as Christine motioned for them to carry on, all of them removed their last piece of clothing, and they all seemed to be relieved to release their hard cocks out of their confinement. Christine had of course seen them all naked before, but it was a different experience to see them standing there now, all ready and willing to give her what she wanted. She was pleased to know that the three cocks that were pointed in her direction were hard just for her.
Now that they were standing there naked before her, it seemed that it was their turn to feel unsure of how to proceed. Christine decided it was her turn to show them the lead. She slipped down on the floor and sat on her knees with her legs parted. Licking her lips seductively, she let her gaze wander between their erections for a while. She then winked at them and opened her mouth, holding it invitingly wide open to giving them no doubt about what she wanted. The guys approached her and she smiled wickedly from ear to ear as she found herself surrounded by three hard cocks. Like a well-orchestrated scene from an erotic film, she started using her mouth and hands to please them all. Her hungry mouth moved between them and the sound of her moans were constantly muffled by the cock she was currently sucking. She felt deliciously slutty.
"I want you to fuck me now!" she said, looking up at her colleagues with pleading eyes. "Can you please fuck me?"
She then raised herself back up on the couch, leaned back on the couch and spread her legs. She didn't have to ask twice, and soon Ben had knelt down between her legs and was rubbing his cock along her smooth, wet slit, causing her to let out a pleading moan, begging him to insert it. She needed a cock inside her now. As he did, she screamed out in pleasure. The other two got on the couch on either side of her and soon she was sucking their cocks as Ben started pumping in and out of her. She was officially being gangbanged by her colleagues now, and she was ecstatic.
Ben soon slid out of her, and she protested the best she could with Adam's cock in her mouth. She was only left empty for a brief moment though as Ben switched places with Carl. As Carl started fucking her, Ben got up beside her and she could see his cock was glistening with her own juices. She didn't hesitate for a moment and immediately started licking his cock. She could feel her own taste on him, and it just excited her even more.
Soon Carl excited her as well, and she knew it was time for Adam to enter her pussy. They were sharing her, and she loved it. She had given herself to her colleagues, allowing both them and herself to treat her like a slut, and everybody was acting accordingly.
"I want to ride a cock now!" Christine panted, and as Adam pulled out of her, Ben sat down on the couch. Facing away from him, Christine straddled his cock, moaning as her aching pussy was filled again. Taking their cue, Carl and Adam placed themselves on either side of her, giving her access to use her hands and mouth to stroke their cock. Her tits were bouncing up and down on her chest as she kept riding the cock in her pussy. She felt that she was acting out a scene from some dirty movie, and the thought that her colleagues were seeing her in the position aroused her even more, making her moan louder. She was on an erotic spiral, escalating towards another climax.
Wanting even more before her inevitable orgasm, she got off of Ben and kneeled on all fours on the couch. Carl soon entered her pussy, and Ben got in front of her. Greedily she licked his cock, loving the fact that it had just been inside her. Adam stood back and watched them, stroking his cock, and her exhibitionist streak loved the fact that she was now performing for an audience. The other two were fucking her pussy and mouth, making her tits sway back and forth with ever more thrust. She knew she was a slutty sight, and she loved it. She could feel the orgasm approaching.
Eventually both Ben and Carl however were getting close to the edge and Christine whimpered with frustration as they exited her.
"Oooh, please fuck me more! I need you to fuck me more!"
She let out a moan of relief when Adam soon got behind her and pushed his cock inside her. She pushed back against him, making eye contact with Ben and Carl. They were now standing there as an audience, watching her tits sway beneath her and stroking their aching cocks as they were awaiting their turn to once more get the pleasure of slipping inside her pussy.
The guys continued to take their turn fucking her. She soon lost count of how many times each of them had entered her, and she loved the feeling of her pussy being shared between them. With every swap, she felt herself getting closer and closer to another orgasm. Sometimes, she would have a cock in her pussy and one in her mouth, sometimes just in her pussy as the other two stood back and watched their slutty colleague being fucked. Everybody seemed to be just at the edge of climax. Her face was getting more and more ecstatic, and it was clear she needed to come soon. And she needed them to come too. She realized it was inevitable and she figured everybody had the same idea – they were going finish by coming on her face. She was going to have three guys come on her face as a perfect ending for a perfect slut.
As Carl slipped out of her, she sat down on the couch, looking up at her three colleagues. She rubbed her pussy for them.
"Guys," she panted. "I really need to come. And I think you know what I want, right?"
Clearly, the guys knew what she was after, but they wanted her to say it. And in fact, she wanted to say it too.
"I want you to come on my face! I want to feel you spray me with cum as I come for you!"
Indeed, having her face covered with cum sometimes just felt like the right thing to do, and never had it felt as right as it did now. She spread her legs apart, inviting them to use her pussy one last time, and the guys were queuing up. Adam was the first to kneel down between her legs and push his cock inside her open pussy again. As if trying to savor the feeling, he moved his cock slowly but firmly inside her. Looking into his eyes, Christine spoke with an ecstatic voice.
"That's it Adam, use my pussy to get yourself just on the edge."
When Adam got close to coming, Ben took his place, firmly rubbing his cock along her wet, naked slit before pushing it inside her. He let out a grunt as he once again got to experience her warm, tight pussy.
"Ah, oh that's so good," Christine moaned. "Push that cock inside me! Get yourself ready."
Adam had gotten up next to her and kneeling on her left side on the couch, he was stoking his cock right next to her face. Greedily she reached out and licked the head, well aware of how sultry she was looking. Between the feeling of Christine's hot pussy and visual effect of seeing his colleague fully living out her slutty side, Ben soon was close to coming too. After exiting her pussy he got up on the couch, kneeling on her right side.
She wasn't left empty for long, and Carl had soon knelt down between her legs and pushed his cock inside her. As he began pumping in and out of her, she turned her head back and forth between Adam and Ben, letting her tongue flick over their hard cocks. She wanted to come now, and it was clear that both Adam and Ben wanted it too. She looked Carl in the eyes.
"Carl, can you... please fuck me... 'till I come?" she said, the excitement making her barely able to talk anymore, and then she turned her gaze up to Ben and Adam. "And when I come, can you please come on me then? I want to feel you covering me with cum as I come for you!"
She was directing the ending of this amazing gangbang to fit with her absolute dirtiest fantasies. She wanted to feel them spray her with cum as she orgasmed on the cock inside her. As Carl kept moving steadily in and out of her pussy, she knew it wouldn't be long. To give herself the final push, she reached down and started rubbing her clit. Just a few swirls with her own fingers were enough to send her over the edge.
"Aaaaah! I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come!"
And as she screamed out, she could hear both Adam and Ben start yanking their cocks rapidly next to her face. She closed her eyes, and at the same moment that her body started shaking, she could feel the first stream of cum hit her left side. A second later another load hit her from the right. The feeling was beyond anything she had experienced before. It was pure carnal, uninhibited lust. With Carl still fucking her pussy and her fingers frantically rubbing her clit, she started screaming uncontrollably.
"Yes! Yes! Yes! Spray me with your cum! I want it! Cover me! Fuck me! I'm such a sluuuut!"
Stream after stream was hitting her face, and she loved the sensation of every splash against her face. It was so sinful, and entirely the opposite of what a proper girl should enjoy, and that just made it so much better. She had been teasing the guys all night, and then made them fuck her for at least an hour, and it was expected that their release would be massive. The flow never seemed to end, and she could feel her face being completely covered.
Eventually, both her own orgasm and the streams of cum hitting her face ended, but she knew she had another load coming. Slowly exiting her, Carl stood up and she extended her already cum covered face for him. She carefully opened her eyes and smiled devilishly up at him, her face glistening with cum. Ben and Adam stood back and watched her awaiting her final treat.
"Give it to me," she said and winked at Carl and immediately heard him grunt.
She closed her eyes, and soon she received another flow of cum hitting her face. Now that she wasn't orgasming, it was easier to focus on the sensation of the streams against her face. She gasped lightly with every splash, and knowing that Adam and Ben were watching her take yet another load added to the sensation. She felt that this final facial was a perfect crowning of the slut she had let out tonight. Carl kept showering her with more cum, and she knew she must be completely covered.
As the flow eventually ended, she leaned back in the couch and opened her eyes again. The guys were standing there for her, still naked and semi-erect. And she was sitting before them, naked and covered in their cum. No one spoke, and Christine couldn't really think of anything to say either. What is the appropriate thing to say after you have your colleagues fuck you and cover your face in cum?
"Excuse me, do I have something on my face?" she eventually said.
The guys chuckled at her little joke but they kept watching her, seemingly unable to tear their eyes away from her face and body. They had all admitted that they sometimes liked to think about her in terms of being a bit of a slut, and what they were now seeing was beyond any fantasies they might have. And she didn't mind them looking at her at all. She held her head high, and even turned it slowly back and forth to give them a better view of her glistening face.
Eventually she got curious and decided she also wanted to see what she looked like. She slowly and confidently rose from the couch and walked over to a full-length mirror by the entrance. Looking at her reflection, she gasped, barely believing it was her. Her face was glowing, glistening with hot, white cum. Strands were hanging from her chin, and were dripping down on her big tits. Quite a bit had gone in her hair, forming white lines that contrasted nicely against her dark curls. As the image settled in her head, she smiled to herself. Still in her high heels, she was certainly a slut with class.
She turned to her colleagues and gave them a big, proud grin.
"Well, this was just amazing!" she said. "I'm sure going to sign up for a lot of out-of-town conferences from now on. I hope you guys will do the same..."
The End
(Feedback always appreciated)