Thank you to everyone who has been enjoying this story so far. I really appreciate all of the feedback I have received.
I would like to take a short moment to answer the most frequent questions I've received. First, LARPS do exist, and this story is based off a composite of various games I have been a part of. There has been public nudity at some of the games I have participated in, although not to the extent of this story. I highly recommend people try out LARPing, but don't expect anything like this story to take place in real life.
That being said, I am trying to make this story as realistic as possible. While the previous chapters focused on the erotic part, this chapter is more focused on realism. If I could create Rachel's character in real life, I would require the safeguards that are put in place here.
I'm a little unsure of how people will respond to this chapter. If I get a lot of negative feedback, I'll consider rewriting it.
Thank you again,
Sam
*************************************
The rest of the afternoon was quiet. Samantha quickly kicked out our audience so she and Jason could get dressed. Once the door was shut, they dropped their towels, but didn't hurry to put on their clothing. I guess they felt that after all they had seen of me, they were comfortable with me admiring them as well.
And, I have to admit, I spent a lot of time admiring their bodies as they moved around the room. Samantha's body was similar to mine, but with slightly larger nipples and a soft, brown bush that looked like it would feel wonderful to pet. Jason was softly muscular, and as I watched a couple of water droplets spill down his body, I imagined my fingers following them down to his beautiful, swaying manhood.
I finally managed to regain control of my body and moved over to Meaghan's bed where I could get more comfortable. They had done a great job on my "costume" and none of the gems fell off. Meaghan had me jump up and down a couple times to make sure that they wouldn't come loose. Or at least, that was her excuse. I noticed that all three of them were watching me closely during the "test". Jason definitely enjoyed my bouncing, and I was sure the other two did as well.
Just like at lunch time, Meaghan came down with dinner for herself and me, but this time Jason and Samantha joined us as well. They helped me go over the introduction for my character that Smitty and I had decided on earlier. We were just finishing up when there was a knock on the door.
"Go, on. Open it." Meaghan pushed me on the shoulder.
I stood up and walked confidently over. I opened the door, and came face to face with Smitty, a cloak wrapped over his arm. I stood in front of him, my body completely on display, and I watched his eyes slowly travel the length of my body. Once he regained control of himself, I stepped to the side, and offered him entrance to our room.
"Wow. Just..."
"I know my costuming is amazing, but I didn't think it was that good."
Meaghan's comment snapped him out of his second visual exploration of my body. I was enjoying the effect I was having on him. I figured Meaghan's work had something to do with it as he had already seen me upstairs, but I didn't miss him adjusting his pants even though he tried to hide it with the cloak.
He turned away from me so he could regain his composure, and addressed the next part facing the three other clothed people in the room.
"So, I talked to all of the different groups, and based on their declared actions, the blue mystics would be the first ones to come across the area we set aside."
"Oh, that's going to be perfect."
Smitty continued as if Meaghan hadn't cut in. "I'm going to send them out first after dinner so they will come across the scene naturally.
"Sam, you and Rachel should head down soon, so you'll be in position. I'll give you a ten minute lead to make sure you're all set."
Samantha nodded, and Smitty finally returned his focus to me. Holding out the cloak, he continued. "I want you to put this on, so if anyone's looking out the window, they won't see you ahead of time."
Meaghan chimed in. "Just remember, that's the last thing you'll be wearing this week. Don't get too comfortable in it."
Smitty blushed, but I gave her a facetious glare, grabbed the cloak, and threw it on her bed. "You just don't want me covering your handiwork."
Meaghan stood up and walked over to me. She slid her finger over my body, tracing around the various stones. Her gentle touch brought my body to attention quickly, the blood flowing directly to my nipples and clitoris. As her finger continued up, drawing circles on my flesh, she cupped my chin in her other hand and brought her mouth to mine.
My lips parted for her tongue, and she pressed deeply into me. Slowly and tenderly, she released me, leaving me longing for more. "Well, you are beautiful," her smirk letting me know she knew exactly what she was doing to me.
For the third time in five minutes, Smitty stood their speechless, his jaw hanging completely loose. Meaghan turned her smirk to him, and poked him on the nose.
"Beep," she said, before returning to her seat, "just imagine what you missed earlier."
Smitty started sputtering, and we all laughed again at how flustered he was. Not wanting to miss out, I stepped forward and gave him a giant hug. "Thanks for this opportunity," I whispered in his ear while his arms flailed around, not sure where to rest. I planted a kiss on his cheek, then went and picked up the cloak.
Looking at Samantha, I pulled the garment around me. "Ready when you are." She stood, picked up a couple of items off of the table, and we walked out the door leaving Smitty still unsure of what was happening.
We went out the back exit, and headed towards the lake, moving with purpose so no one would think twice about what we were up to. Once we had passed by the Inn, I let the cloak flap open, knowing there would be no one in front of us. Feeling the warm air and soft breeze against my skin reminded me that I was now exposed to the world in a way that being in the room had not.
The beach at lake, "Becker" officially, but "Everfrost" in game, was a good 10 minute walk normally. Being barefoot, it took us about 15 minutes to get there.
We were quiet for the first part, but then Samantha brought up something that must have been on her mind for a while.
"If you're going to hang out with Meaghan, you should probably discuss a safe word with her. I'm sure you've noticed she likes to push boundaries."
I thought about it. From the time she made me strip completely to making me walk down the hall up until exposing me spread eagle and even the scene with Smitty, she had definitely continued to push me.
But I enjoyed all of it. Was that wrong? As if reading my thoughts, Samantha continued. "It's perfectly fine as long as you're enjoying it. I just don't want it to go too far suddenly."
I nodded in agreement. I would definitely have a word with Meaghan tonight. We reached the beach area and I passed the cloak to Samantha who wrapped it around herself.
Samantha was acting as a storyteller. When the first group appeared, she would help them understand the situation if there was something I couldn't explain in my role. Also, she was going to help me if things got out of control early on.
She handed me a metal cylinder on a cord, and I slipped it around my neck. Then, I took my first steps into the water.
Have you ever stepped into a lake after a hot summer day had warmed it? If not, I highly recommend it. I recommend it even more highly if you're completely naked and can let the water lap sensuously against your skin.
I ducked under the water and swam out far enough that I was neck deep when standing. "This feels amazing. You should join me."
Samantha smiled, then frowned and shook her head. She put a finger to her lips and pointed to the path we had come from. Obviously, she heard the first group approaching.
I started treading water, and rehearsed my part silently in my mind. As I saw the first blue robe - well that makes the blue mystics obvious - passing by the beach, I started slapping the water and shouting.
"Where is it? Where the hell is it?"
The first person seemed oblivious, and continued walking, but the second and third people heard me and told him to hold up. They moved down towards the shoreline, and Samantha stepped over to them in case they had any questions.
As soon as I knew I had their attention, I went back to my shouting and looking around frantically at the water around me, waiting for one of them to take the initiative to speak.
"Good day, fair maiden. May we be of some service?"
I stopped my splashing, and looked at the group of five on the shore. They had moved to the water's edge, and I suddenly understood why Meaghan thought this group was going to be perfect. They had the general look about them of stereotypical "gamers". It was likely that at least some of them had never seen a naked woman before in person, and the likelihood of a "groper" amongst them dropped significantly in my calculations. I was still going to be cautious as looks can be deceiving, but my confidence was building.
Thinking about how my character would act when confronted with this current band of mortals, I switched to a more dominant role. I smiled, putting as much charm into the look as possible, while adding just a hint of predator.
"Yes, thank you, kind mortals. I can not find my water orb anywhere, and I'm afraid it has been taken."
The group whispered amongst themselves for a moment, then the same voice as before spoke again. "Where was the last place you saw this orb?"
"I was resting, when suddenly I felt it being pulled away from its pedestal. I followed it this far, but I can't sense it any more. I think it must have left the water around here. Oh please help me find it."
More whispering. "Fair maiden, we would be honored to assist you in your search," the apparent leader spoke again. "May we have your name in order to address you more appropriately."
There have been millions of movies where a woman slowly leaves the water revealing her body to the unsuspected delight of the man or men on shore. They have one advantage over real life. Multiple takes.
I wanted to provide a complete performance, but I was afraid a hair sweep would cause problems. I settled for a very slow walk towards the shore. I admit, part of that was to make sure I kept my balance. The rest however was to enjoy the reaction of the boys as I revealed first my shoulders, then the top of my cleavage.
All eyes were focused on the line where the water met my skin. I wondered what was going through their minds. Were they assuming I had a strapless bathing suit on? Or that I was going to stay in the water while they tried to look under the surface? I took another step closer. I could now see my areolas and hard nipples, but from their lack of reaction, I figured the angle was wrong for them. Another small step and the darker pink area of my breasts broke into the sunlight.
This time, I knew that they could see as a collective gasp greeted the sight. I stepped forward again, and proved to them that my breasts were completely bare other than the small stones strategically placed to focus their attention on my more delicate areas. Their collective jaw drop was all the encouragement I needed, and I continued towards shore, revealing more of my chest and stomach. A couple of the mystics adjusted their robes, and I smiled seductively at them. My own arousal was quite apparent to me, and I was glad that the water was able to wash away the lubrication I knew was dripping from me.
When my belly button cleared the surface, I stopped, made sure I was facing directly at my audience, then reached up and wrung some of the water out of my hair. Lifting my arms like that, I knew that my breasts had risen to their maximum firmness, and I was not disappointed by the reactions in front of me. But now I wanted their focus lower.
I ran my hands under my breasts, cupping and cradling them tenderly. Slowly, I traced my hands down my body, watching their eyes follow my fingers. I slid my hands down into the water directly in front of me, and, as I had hoped, their eyes stayed focused on the water's surface once more. One more step and they could see my bright blue trim break the surface. "Holy fuck!" I heard someone exclaim, and I excitedly moved forward to let them see the entire design.
I stopped again, letting them admire Meaghan's art and caught my breath. "Slowly," I reminded myself. I nodded slightly, and took another step forward, then another. Now my entire pussy was out of the water, and I was pleased with the giant gasp of breath I heard. I figured at this point, my legs wouldn't be as exciting to them, so I walked forward at a quicker, but still stoic pace.
"You ask my name?" I stood in front of five very aroused males, letting them see as much of me as they desired. My words drew their attention back up to my face, and I smiled sweetly at each of them in turn. "My name is Everfrost."
"Like the lake?"
I looked to the one who addressed me. He wasn't the one that had been talking to me earlier, and I admired the fact that he wasn't tongue-tied like his friends. I walked over so I was directly in front of him, swaying my hips more than I normally do. I hoped the guys who were now behind me were watching my ass. The speaker was about two inches taller than me, so I looked up slightly as I got as close to him as possible without touching.
I ran my tongue over my lip, and smiled. "No. The lake is named Everfrost like me. But now that you know my name, may I have the honor of yours in return?"
My closeness had the effect that I had been hoping for, and he began stuttering. I took a half step back so I wasn't completely in his personal space. Meanwhile, the spokesman for the group had regained his own composure and led the introductions.
"My name is Taleran the mage. The one you are speaking to is Rushwillow. Cidane, Jaimor, and Khitano." Taleran pointed to each in turn. "I apologize for our manners, but it is not every day we meet someone of your beauty."
I returned my focus to Taleran. "You flatter me. Perhaps you simply do not see so much beauty." I slid a finger between my thighs, then brought it to my lips, licking the tip with my tongue.
He blanched, and I smiled again. "Um...perchance you are cold?" He motioned to one of the others (Jaimor?) who removed his cloak and brought it over to me, wrapping it around my shoulders. As soon as he let go, I let the garment fall to the ground.
Samantha stepped forward and explained. "The cloak goes right through her. She looks solid to you, but nothing physical can touch her." The group jumped. They had forgotten that there was someone else present. Heck, I had almost forgotten she was there. Jaimor quickly picked up his cloak and put it back on. Did I hear him suck in his breath while he was kneeling behind me? I gave my rear a little wiggle, hoping he was enjoying the view. A fit of coughing followed my action, and I laughed again. This was going to be really fun.
Just then, I heard someone coming through the trees. Everyone else did too as they all turned as Smitty broke through onto the beach. He was walking backwards like a tour guide, and I soon found out why as a large group of people followed him into the clearing.
And by large, I mean every single person in the camp was now walking towards us. Smitty walked over to me, took me by the hand, and helped me stand on top of a nearby fallen log. Various shouts and gasps attended my ascension including, "Rachel! What the fuck?!!" from Gregg (at least he wasn't standing near Stacey the bitch who was scowling at me), "I want some of that!" from Jason the prick, elbowing the bandits around him, and a loud wolf whistle that could only have come from Meaghan, still smirking, in the back.
I fought the urge to cover myself, and stood there, completely exposed, in front of over a hundred people. Smitty looked out over the crowd until he locked eyes with Meaghan who nodded. Of course she would be behind this somehow. Not that I was quite sure what "this" was.
"As some of you already know," Smitty looked behind us at the five mystics who were receiving a fine view of my backside from behind and slightly below, "we have a new PC, Everfrost the Nymph."
The group of people in front of us started whispering amongst themselves again. I heard the word "naked" frequently along with more descriptive and less flattering terms. Smitty raised his hand for attention.
"As you can see, her costume is quite revealing."
"And grope-tastic!"
Everyone turned to stare at Jason who was miming squeezing my tits and pussy. Gregg looked like he was ready to punch him again.
Smitty continued, "and that outburst is exactly why all of you are here right now.
"Everfrost has agreed to this outfit, but she wanted guarantees of her safety. We have agreed wholeheartedly with her requests. Instead of having to tell people individually, consider this speech your one warning.
"First, in character, Everfrost can not be touched unless she wishes to be. If you try to touch her in game, you will get a shock."
Samantha handed Smitty a wand that she had been holding. He raised it in the air, then handed it to me. "This is a mosquito zapper. It won't harm you permanently, but it doesn't feel good. If Everfrost is touched in any way, she has the permission of the entire staff to use this on you.
"Second, out of character, if you try anything with Rachel, we have also provided her with a rape whistle." I held up the cylinder around my neck, and blew into it once. The shrill sound made everyone cover their ears. "If anyone hears this whistle, consider it a game stop. Everyone should run to her immediately.
"We have complete trust in Rachel, and we will take her word over anyone else here. Even me. There will be no second chance. If she says you attempted to grope her or worse, you will be forced to leave, and charges may be pressed. Do you understand what I am saying?"
Once again, all eyes turned towards Jason. "Hey! I'm a perv, but I'm not a rapist."
That seemed to mollify the crowd enough for now. Smitty finished up his little talk.
"With that all settled, everyone go do what you were going to do after dinner. Game on."
The crowd began to disperse, and I stepped down from the log and back towards the group I had been flirting with. Gregg rushed towards me and grabbed me by the arm to get my attention. "Rachel? Are you okay? What's going on?"
I glared at him and held up the mosquito wand. In a growl, I responded in character. "I smell Gorgon taint on this one." I pulled my arm free and walked away quickly.
Gregg watched me in shock, and then what I said dawned on him. "Fuck," I heard him whisper under his breath. I kept walking, and ignored him completely. Eventually he started moving again, his head half in a daze.
The blue mystics watched him leave. It appeared like they would try to defend me if he had come forward instead. That was so sweet. I began to feel possessive of this small group of boys.
"So, I think you were just about to invite me back to your place before the interruption." I smiled sweetly.
"Um. Yeah. Sure." Taleran was looking at the mosquito wand in my hand.
I held it up. "Oh this? Don't worry about it. You take care of your wand, and I'll take care of mine." I leaned forward conspiratorially. "If you're really good, I may even let you watch me take care of mine."
The pursuant coughing fit and hurried adjustment of his robes made me smile again. "So which way are we headed?"
Samantha came towards me, a questioning look on her face. "I think I'll be okay with these guys if you have other tasks you need to take care of."
Samantha nodded, and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. "I look forward to seeing you tonight."
The way she said it made my body feel warm and flushed again. I struggled to get back into character, and swaggered over to the road where the guys were waiting.
"Which of you wants to show me where you sleep?"
***
They had camped out on top of a hill, and by the time we got there, I was slightly out of breath and sweaty. "Do any of you have some water?"
All five of them conjured up bottles of water from their packs. I took one from the shy boy who hadn't said anything yet, Khitano, and gave him a smile. His face turned red at the attention. I opened the cap and drank half of the bottle in one gulp. I then poured a small amount on each of my shoulders and let it wash down my front.
"I'm glad I still have your attention." All of them looked up at me embarrassed from where they had been following the water trail down to my thighs. I moved a backpack off of a flat rock that someone had been using as a table and scrambled up. I sat down cross-legged on top, knowing that I was displaying myself at just about eye level for all of them. I put my hands down on the rock behind me, and bathed in the evening breeze.
I figured that over the next few days, this group of guys were going to be helping me out a lot, and I didn't want them to be distracted by my body at the wrong time. Better to let them get it all out of their system now.
After a few minutes, Taleran broke the silence. "Is there anything else we can get for you, Lady Everfrost?"
I sat upright again, and noticed that everyone else quickly averted their eyes. "First, you can look at me all that you want. It will hinder your ability to help me if you aren't even willing to look at me."
Slowly, all five of them returned their gaze to my body and up to my eyes.
"Second, all I wish is to have my orb returned to me. I could sense it as long as it was in my lake, but once it left, I do not know which way it went. Do any of you have any idea of what could have taken it?"
"Well, it would have to be a wizard to make it travel on its own..."
"Or someone who was invisible."
They discussed the options for a while, and I felt glad that I wasn't the center of attention for a little bit. So much had happened in such a short time today. I felt like my body had been on a razor edge forever. I looked up at the darkening sky and thought about how much had changed in just the past twelve hours.
***
I felt movement around me, so I moved my head. It had gotten a lot darker suddenly, and the evening shadows surrounded me.
The five players had encircled me, placing me in the center of a strange pentagram of mages. Each of them had the hoods of their robes up, so I could barely see their faces. I looked around, at each of them. What was going on?
"We have come to a conclusion." I recognized Taleran's voice, even as a whisper, from the hooded figure behind my head. I tilted my head backwards, but still couldn't quite see him.
I started to get up so I could face him, but two of the other mages held my arms down on the table.
"We have come to the conclusion," he began again, "that you are not a water nymph. You are a succubus, a demon, come to tempt us away from our calling."
"Um..." I struggled a little to break free, but the guys holding my arms down were stronger than I expected.
"Silence," he continued. "There is only one way that we know of to dispel you from our midsts."
As one, all five removed their robes. I was mesmerized by their cocks. As I looked around the circle, I realized that each of their erect members was a good twelve inches long and as wide as my wrist.
The two remaining mystics each grabbed one of my ankles, and pulled me towards the edge of the rock. I felt the gems on my back scrape against the surface. When my legs were completely off the makeshift table, they moved one to each side, spreading me completely open. The two on my shoulders moved down my arms and grabbed my wrists, pulling them wide as well. They wrapped ropes around my limbs and attached them to hooks at the base of the stone.
Their hands now free, they started pinching and slapping at my body. The contact was overwhelming. A pinch on my side, a slap across my breast, a cock thrust into my hand. I was afraid, but I was also turned on like never before. I began writhing and moaning, wanting more of their attention.
Someone climbed on top of the table and straddled my head. He aimed his manhood at my mouth and forced himself into my gasping throat. I gagged, but he held himself there, then grabbed the back of my head and started thrusting.
Just as I was getting into this rhythm, I felt another shaft force it's way into my spread pussy. I tried to scream at the sensation as he pushed deep into my womb, but the sound was swallowed along with the rod in my mouth.
Someone else climbed up onto the table and my throat was freed for one second as the first one moved, before the second man began hammering into my mouth as hard as the first one had.
My body began dripping my juices when I felt the cock pull out of my pussy, but then it pressed back in - deeper than before if that was possible.
Another cock was pressed against my lips as the second one pulled out one last time, and when I had wrapped my lips around it, I realized they were all taking turns as I sucked my juices off.
I lost track of the number of times they went around the circle before I noticed a change. A shaft was removed from my mouth, but there wasn't a new one to take its place.
I opened my eyes for the first time in what felt like hours to see all five men stroking their cocks while standing over me.
Five? But I could still feel my open slit being pounded to oblivion. I looked down my body, and saw Meaghan slamming hard into me, the smirk on her face larger than ever.
She held up the mosquito wand, then pressed it against my ass. I felt it open my hole and it was soon buried deep inside.
Grunts above me drew my attention back and I was just in time to see strings of ejaculate fly through the air from all directions, coating My body, my face and my hair.
I got closer and closer to my own orgasm when a spotlight lit up the darkness.
Startled, I looked over as Jason, Gregg, Stacey, and everyone else approached, their bodies naked and hungering for a taste of mine...
***
I felt a tentative touch on my shoulder. Then another. A small shake.
"Are you okay?"
I opened my eyes. Five concerned faces looked back at me.
Thank god it had been a dream. I was so glad that I hadn't misjudged these guys that badly.
"Yeah, I'm okay."
Rushwillow sighed in relief. "Oh good. We got worried because you were tossing and yelling and we thought you were having a nightmare."
"But then..." I turned to Khitano.
"Then?"
He blushed bright red, and lowered his eyes. I followed his gaze and noticed that my hand was between my legs, my fingers sticky with my arousal.
I quickly removed my hand and blushed myself. Oh my god. Had I really been frigging myself in my sleep in front of these guys?!!
"We weren't sure if we should wake you or not," Cidane spoke, "but then you started screaming again. Are you sure everything is alright?"
I sat up. "Yeah, everything is fine. I think I just need some sleep. I'm so sorry."
Taleran cleared his throat. "Do you need a place to sleep? We have three tents. Usually we sleep two, two and one, but if you need one, we can squeeze three into the big one."
I smiled. "That's very sweet of you, but I'm good for the night. I think I'll just head back now."
"Do you want an escort?"
I shook my head. "I think I need a little time to clear my head."
I stood up, gave each of them a kiss on the cheek, and slowly headed back towards the Inn.