Part 6
My Master and I had been "dating" for 6 months. I say dating because I don't know what else to call it. He was also my boss. We were keeping this mostly on our own time now. At work I was just a manager at one of his hotels. Over all work was work although he would occasionally call and request I masturbate for him or do some other task just to keep me on my toes.
Submitting to Jason had changed my life. I was more relaxed and didn't over react as often. According to my employees I was also nicer. They couldn't figure out why but enjoyed speculating. Maybe it wasn't the submitting as much as it was getting laid regularly after a three year dry spell.
In the last six months I'd had more sex than all the rest of my life put together. He was 48 and claimed he needed more time to recuperate in between but sometimes he was ready again before I was. I noticed that each time it took him longer and longer to cum. This could be torturous if I wasn't allowed to cum until he did or if I wasn't allowed to cum at all.
In the last few months I'd learned patients. Kneeling with my head down for long periods had become a form of meditation; my mind didn't race all the time and I didn't fidget anymore. I'd also become comfortable being naked around the house, even when he wasn't there. I became less self conscious in general. I'd always been good with time management but I became even more so because if I dawdled it took precious time away from my Master.
I was having trouble with complete obedience and acceptance. I couldn't help questioning him even when I knew I'd do whatever it was regardless.
My punishments seemed relatively light compared to what I'd read in stories. Most consisted of being denied orgasm, spankings and kneeling for long periods. Once I sat on the couch without permission so he made me his footstool while he watched a football game. Sometimes when I spoke without asking permission I was gagged the entire rest of the time we were together unless his cock was in my mouth...that was it's own gag...a very pleasant one.
Cumming before I had permission was another thing I hadn't gotten the hang of. Maybe because I'd never cum with any other man and he knew exactly what buttons to push. He could almost always time my orgasm to happen just before or during his.
Outfits seemed to be a turn on for him. I was starting a collection. I had the maid one I'd worn my very first day as his sub. One day I took it upon myself to only wear the apron and carry a feather duster around between my ass cheeks like a tail. I was punished with that very same duster for not asking permission. I was very ticklish and found soft skimming touches very arousing so the use of the duster for punishment could be very effective especially if he didn't let me cum. I'd done it even though I expected to be punished or because I wanted to be and I couldn't resist, it was really funny. He liked it because it drew more attention to his favorite part of my anatomy. It was now a regular part of the outfit. I had to keep my cheeks clenched and was punished if it fell out. He'd decided eventually I would be able to jack him off by just clenching my ass cheeks; (look Ma no hands.)
Another outfit, if you could call an apron your granny might wear and four inch heels an outfit, was reserved for the kitchen. He said it reminded him of Donna Reed and June Cleaver. I didn't see the resemblance. The kitchen was the only room I was allowed to remain standing in and as soon as I entered I had to put on the shoes and apron. He liked to fondle my ass as I cooked and cleaned which could be very distracting. Needless to say dinner did occasionally get burned or not made at all.
With the heels on I was about two inches taller than he is. This allowed him to fuck me against the wall because I could still partially support myself as he pumped into me. I don't know if he knew that when he picked the shoes but I never thought I'd be able to have sex against the wall.
I think his absolute favorite thing to do in the kitchen was to make me cum while I washed the dishes. (Yes, we both have dishwashers but Mrs. Reed and Mrs. Cleaver didn't.) Anyone could watch us through the kitchen window. He would fuck me from behind or just finger me while playing with my breasts. Occasionally he ate me out; almost always before starting he would say he was still hungry or needed dessert. Funny guy, my Master. I wasn't supposed to cum until the dishes were all washed but he made that very difficult.
Punishment for cumming before the dishes were all washed was always some other form of exhibitionism. My Master got a lot of blow jobs sitting on the front porch or in the car in places like the mall parking lot on a Saturday afternoon. There was always the good old stand-by of mutual masturbation at restaurants and of course fucking in the bathroom. Once I came four times before they were all washed; so he fucked me in an alley behind a bar. That was crazy, scary and exhilarating. He must find sex in public as arousing because he plays this game at least once a day and I almost always cum.
If we ordered in I had to answer the door in a costume. I'd bend over the hall table and wiggle my ass as I signed the receipt and then reach way down in my cleavage for the tip. Watching the delivery guys' reaction to a seeing a fat girl dressed as little Bo Peep or cat women was so fun I didn't really mind after the first few times. My Master would sit in his chair and discretely watch all the time acting as if there was nothing odd about it. He found it very funny and arousing. Sometimes I'd have to blow him before I could eat; of course he didn't wait for me.
One morning there was a knock on the door he told me to answer it. I put on my big flannel robe. He laughed and said. "I don't think so. Use the white silk one."
I balked at this, "What if it's a girl scout or paper boy?"
"I doubt it at this time of the morning. Loosen the belt and show a little more cleavage."
I made the adjustments, took a deep breath and went to answer the door. When I walked the robe opened farther and farther. I adjusted the robe to cover my crotch and more of my breasts before I opened the door. Mike the regional VP of our hotel chain was standing there dressed for golf. He looked me up and down with his icy blue stare and smirked before asking, "Is Jason ready?"
After recovering from the shock I hurriedly covered myself. Jason obviously was expecting Mike and hollered from the bedroom. "Hey, Mike let me hop in the shower. I'll be right out. Hannah, offer the man some coffee." He paused then added, "In proper attire. "
I turned beet red. This was the first time I'd be nude (except for the apron) in front of someone other than Jason since we'd gotten together and it just happened to be my Masters boss and thus mine also. Getting fucked in front of the window doesn't count my breasts were always covered by the apron. I was hesitating and Jason knew it because without coming out of the bathroom he said "Don't make me ask you again."
"Yes, Master," I sighed.
Mike didn't even raise an eyebrow. He obviously been expecting this or he was used to half naked women answering the door and calling their lovers Master. He didn't appear surprised to see me either. I guess our relationship wasn't a secret at corporate headquarters.
I asked him to follow me and take a seat at the table. I slipped off the robe and put on my apron and shoes. I started the coffee, keeping my back to Mike as much as possible to hide my embarrassment. I know my ass was naked and I would have hidden more by turning around but I didn't want him to know how freaked out I was. I kept my head bowed the entire time I was making breakfast. I offered him some juice and asked if he was hungry. He declined the juice but said he'd love something to eat. I poured him coffee and offered him cream and sugar without seeing more of him than an arm.
Jason finally made an appearance. I'm sure he'd taken his time on purpose. He began talking to Mike, completely ignoring me. As I was setting the table Jason goosed me. I wasn't expecting it and jumped with a screech. They both laughed and Jason asked "Isn't she wonderful?"
"She's coming along but I think your being too easy on her. She isn't fully compliant, she needs discipline."
I almost looked up to glare at him but didn't want to make Jason look any worse in front of his boss than I apparently already was.
"I know we've hit a wall in her training. I'm new at this and until I found out you were a Dom too I had no idea who to ask about it. The internet isn't much help with real world application. Funny us working together all these years and not knowing we had this in common. Granted I just got started but I've been interested for a long time."
"Well what I'm into is more extreme than this but I can put you in touch with some other people that will be more than happy to help you, I'm sure. However, if she ever needs disciplined I'd be more than happy to take care of that. Her creamy white skin will turn a beautiful shade of red."
My face was already beet red and I was wondering how I was ever going to face this man again.
"Oh it does. It also gets nice and warm and she gets nice and wet."
I was trying very hard to bite my tongue and not give my opinion on this whole exchange. I was pretty sure I knew what kind of discipline Mike was referring to and I wasn't sure I was willing to go that far especially with another one of my bosses. They continued to talk and ignore me except for Jason occasionally groping me.
When I turned my back on to do the dishes, they pushed back their chairs and I expect to hear them leave instead Jason stepped up behind me. His hands went down to my thighs and moved slowly up the insides until he touched my core. He slipped his fingers into my folds and moved the other hand up to my stomach using it to pull me tight into his semi-erect cock. I stood very still and looked out the window barely breathing. He slipped two fingers into me while grinding his hips into my ass.
"Hannah my Hannah, I knew you'd be wet. Do you want me to fuck you in front of Mike?" He whispered in my ear.
I shook my head and replied in a whispered, "No, Master."
He thrust his hips forward rocking me against his hand, "I think you do. I think you want me stick my big cock in you and fuck you against the counter until you scream while Mike watches."
"No, Master. Please!" My breathing was getting shallower but I was trying very hard not to encourage him in any other way.
"Do you want Mike to fuck you? Do you want him to fuck you while you suck my cock? I think you do I think your going to cum just imagining it; aren't you Hannah."
"No."
It was a futile protest I was already on the brink and he knew it. I'd fantasized doing just that many times before. He was rotating his hips and thrusting against my ass making me grind against the fingers in my pussy. The hand on my stomach moved up to my play with my breasts.
"I will let you cum if you admit you want it. Tell me you want Mike to watch you cum." He stopped moving his hips and the fingers that were buried in me. He continued to fondle my breasts and abuse my nipples. "Tell me."
"No."
Mike laughed, "She's being obstinate you should punish her. You should let me punish her."
"NO! Please don't let him."
"If you don't tell me you want him to watch you then I might let him."
"I want him to watch. I want you to make me scream and I want him to watch." I whimpered, getting wetter and more excited.
Jason stepped back and very sternly said, "Turn around and take your apron off and show him your big titties. Play with them. Pull on your nipples, make them nice and hard."
"No more Master, please just get it over with."
"Hannah, I think Mike is right. He should punish you."
"No, No I'll do it. I'll do anything just don't let him touch me." I wailed pulling the apron over my head. I pulled and tugged my nipples, squeezing my breast. Trying to make it a good show, I didn't look up so I don't know what his reaction was.
"Bend over the table and stretch your arms out to Mike." I bent forward and reached my arms across the table. Mike grabbed my wrists and pulled me tight against the table.
"Spread you legs wide, Hannah." Jason commanded as he kneaded my ass. Pulling my cheeks apart then squeezing them together before kneeling and running a finger from the peak of my ass crack to my dripping pussy, slipping it in then adding two more. I tried to ride his fingers but Mike had me securely pulled against the table and my legs were spread to wide to give me leverage to move my hips up from the table. "Look at Mike and beg him to let you cum."
"Please Sir Please let me cum. Just let me get it over with."
"I don't' know you have been very inhospitable. Wouldn't cumming reward you for that?"
"I'm sorry Sir; I didn't mean to offend you. I've learned my lesson. Please...let...me... cum..." I begged as my voice began to quiver. Jason was massaging my clit while pumping three of his big fingers in and out of me. Bring me to the brink of orgasm then stopping. I was beginning to hate that he knew me so well. That he knew my body and could use it against me.
"Only if you look me in the eye the whole time, if you avert your gaze even a little bit you'll be punished."
"Oh thank you Sir. Master please please finish." I begged in a shaky voice. I looked into Mike's icy blue eyes and saw he thought this was very humors and he wanted me to fail. He was enjoying my humiliation; seeing that look on his face made me feel ashamed for wanting to cum so badly and determined not to give him the pleasure of punishing me.
Jason removed his fingers and began eating me with vigor. He sucked at my hole, tonguing me, lapping up my juices. It wasn't what I needed and I tried to push my hips back so his mouth would devour my clit but Mike's hold was too tight. I squirmed against the table. As I ground my nipples into the table it was sending jolts down to my core increasing my frustration. I held Mike's gaze, trying to glare and show him my contempt for him and what they were doing to me. Jason finally moved forward, nipping my clit too hard I yelped almost closing my eyes.
I begged again "Oh god Please. No more teasing just let me cum."
Jason took pity on me. Squeezing my ass with one hand while holding my lips open so he could vigorously lap at my clit with the other. My hips bucked as I tried to bring my legs together but he pushed down on my ass so I couldn't move away from him. He sucked my clit into his mouth rolling his tongue over it dragging out the orgasm. I only moaned and gasped and whimpered when I wanted to scream. But if I screamed I would break eye contact with Mike and I really didn't want him to punish me. I had no doubt Jason would allow just that if I disappointed him. Jason moved his head away and immediately replaced it with his hand. 3 fingers filled me again and his thumb rubbed my clit. The invasion into my cunt and the new stimulation on my clit sent me over the edge again. He wasn't holding my ass any more so I bucked against the table, trying to pull my legs together to squeeze my thighs and keep his hand in me but he was in the way. Mike released my gaze and my wrists. He looked at his watch and without out the slightest indication he had been affected by my humiliating display in anyway said, "Hey man we gotta go or we're going to miss our tee time."
Jason stood up and grabbed my hair pulling me off the table. Not forcefully but enough that I had to follow or it would hurt. When I was standing he turned me, tightened his grip on my hair and used it to pull my face to his. He took my mouth slipping his tongue past my lips forcefully. I sucked it, tasting my juices. His erection was pressed between us. "You taste good when you're being watched and begging for it."
He let my hair go and walked out of the kitchen. I heard the door open and he hollered," I'll see you at dinner Honey, have a good day," just like Ward would have said to June when he left for work.
I stood stunned trying to catch my breath and rubbing my wrists. I had a lot of conflicting emotions running through me. I really liked it but I was humiliated and embarrassed and most of all mad. Jason could have told me what was going on. I boiled about it all day. I figured we'd talk about it when he got home.
When Jason finally came home I was naked at the door like a good submissive. He barely had the door closed before I heard his zipper go down and his pants hitting the floor. "Suck it and you better do a really good job because I've been waiting since breakfast for this."
I looked up. His monstrous member was already hard. Without hesitation I took it into my mouth. First sucking the head, running my tongue around the head and playing with the slit just the way he liked. He was already moaning. He grabbed my head and shoved in hitting the back of my throat. He began really fucking my mouth and he was starting to gag me. I still wasn't great at deep throating; so to prevent myself from barfing I put one hand around the base of his cock. He kept fucking my hand and mouth harder and faster. I didn't really like this, trying to get him to cum faster I began playing with his balls and increased the pressure of my fist. As his balls began to pull up and his cock began throbbing I reached around and ran my fingers around his asshole applying a little pressure as if I was going to push into him.
He grunted, "Oh Hannah you are a slut aren't you. You liked being watched didn't you? Sluts like that. Are you my slut Hannah?"
With my mouth full of his thick cock I couldn't answer but I was his slut. He burst into my mouth his hot seed shooting into the back of my throat. I had to swallow several times as he unloaded. I then sucked and licked clean the way he liked. I'd learned the right amount of pressure and technique because he became sensitive but still loved being fondled after cumming.
When he let go of my head I pulled his pants up and carefully tucked him back in then fastened them. He lifted his feet so I could remove his shoes, "How long until dinner's ready, slut?"
"It's ready now, Master. I just have to plate it."
"Get to it. You have a lot to make up for tonight. Your little display at breakfast left me hard all day. I should spank you just for that alone. It fucked up my golf game. You know how hard it is to get good follow through with a hard on in the way?"
This cracked me up. He laughed too. I put on my apron and got dinner ready. We ate in silence I was waiting for him to say something else about this morning but he didn't. After dinner I was starting the dishes and he told me to leave them we had better things to do. After he gave me a good spanking we fucked like rabbits all night.
Before we fell asleep exhausted he said "Next week I've arranged for you to take a couple days off work. I need you to stay here and let some workers in while I'm gone."
"O.K. Master." I sighed before rolling onto my side, snuggling my ass against his worn out penis and falling asleep.
The following day I realized I'd never confronted him about what had happened. During brunch I requested to speak he shut me down.
"No, Hannah we are not discussing it. You didn't stop it and you obviously liked it. So there's nothing to discuss. Yes, it may happen again and no, I won't tell you when. It'll keep you on your toes. Every time someone comes to the door you'll have to wonder. It'll be fun, won't it slut?"
"Yes, Master" was all I could say. Once again he'd proven he knows me better than I know myself.