I'm Violet, and this is one of my stories.
We have been listening to a book, "The Ultimate Guide to Kink: BDSM, Role Play and the Erotic Edge" by Taormino, on the long, rainy ride back from the beach. We listen to a chapter, pause, and discuss our takeaways. It gives us a lovely way to explore and get new ideas. Reading and discussing helps pass the time much more quickly with the long drive and gets us pretty excited about reaching our destination.
"Alright, my pet, 15 minutes until we get home. Start taking off your clothes."
My eyes get big, and my breathing stops. We just discussed exhibitionism and adventurous sex. His demand hits the nail on the head. I expressed to him that I am okay with it as long as he is with me, I feel safe, and he won't let anyone else touch me. After all, I am for him alone.
I slowly push my shoes off while looking at him and move slowly. He raises his eyebrow at me and gives me that look. The look that says, "Are you going to question me or resist?" I know that the answer is no, so I start moving a bit faster, stripping off my socks and going for the button of my pants. I slide my pants down my legs and then my panties.
Here to now, I'm still pretty protected from sight. While it is dark and rainy, I'm very aware of the cars going past with their headlights streaking across me. That being said, I'm entirely naked from waist down. He can sense my breath hitch and gives me a slight reprieve.
"You may leave your wool on."
My wool, a thin wrap of wool that clips at my shoulder, now my barrier; my only protection allowed from baring everything to the outside world. I pull my arms out of the sleeves of my wool and my shirt and pull it off, discarding it into the growing pile of clothes. I reach behind me and unclasp my bra, pull my arms out of the straps, and push my chest out, letting my arms fall.
He loves to snatch my bra off. Smiling, he spreads my wool open and pulls off the last piece of clothing; well, everything sans my short, thin blanket with sleeves. My heart races with the excitement of the moment. I'm eyeing each car that drives past. Right now, on a dark two-lane backcountry highway with no lights, I'm guarded against sight, but soon the road will open up with extra lanes and streetlights everywhere. What if someone sees me? What if a truck or SUV drives up next to us and looks down?
While my anxiety is high, my excitement climbs through the roof. Practically panting, I know that I'm dripping wet. His hand reaches over and slides up my thigh, pushing my wool open at the bottom to expose my naked sex. He smiles at me with greedy hunger and satisfaction in his eyes. He gently strokes the insides of my thighs, and my anxiety immediately vanishes with a sigh of need while my eyelids start to lower, hooding my eyes.
He slowly glides his hand up to my sex. His finger strays over to my slit, and he gently strokes, feeling the growing moisture. A deep breath washes over me as I sink down into the seat, allowing my legs to open and giving him better access. I surrender to the situation and to him.
He slowly starts sliding his finger up and down my slit, opening me up, and eliciting moans of want and desire. I'm torn between the growing need and the shocks of excitement every time a set of headlights flash across my face. Can they see my wanton expression of sexuality? I have a glass face, and there is nothing I can hide. Everything I feel gets written clearly across my features.
I imagine most of the passing cars are too focused on their own path to notice little old me, but then I envision a passenger, bored on their journey. They have started observing the cars driving past, and see me. Quickly they comprehend precisely what is going on, while the cars zoom past each either, their head turns to follow, straining as they look over their shoulder to confirm what they actually saw.
His ministrations, combined with my imagination, has me on the cusp of an orgasm. I'm trying to hold it back until we get home, but the need is so strong. My breaths come with moans and sounds of aching need. I have to ask. I doubt he will give permission.
"Please, Sir, may I cum?"
His hand stops for just a moment as he considers my request. He looks at me through the corner of his eye, his mind working furiously behind that glance. His presence dominates the very air I'm breathing, and I wait for his response with little hope for success.
"Since you asked so nicely, just once, and not again until we get home."
I'm honestly surprised, which sets things back a bit. I stare at him for a moment.
"Better make it quick before I change my mind..."
I'm trying to recover the moment. His hand slowly teases and does not give any extra effort to help me on the way. He smirks at me, knowing that he drives me mad.
"Cum for me. NOW."
He rips the orgasm from me with that simple command. It wasn't there, and then suddenly, it rolls over me like an avalanche. I'm clutching the door, and the center console as my body responds. My legs tense and start to shake. He continues to slowly slide his finger up and down my slit, which drives the climax higher and higher.
"Oh, God. Oh, God!"
My eyes roll back in my head. My butt hovers about three inches off the seat. My arms and legs lock in place; my entire body shakes as the orgasm rolls over me again and again. He calmly keeps stroking with a look of quiet satisfaction on his face.
As I slowly come down, my limbs relax, and I lower back into the seat. My eyes open and start to focus on where we are on our journey. My breathing and heartbeat slow after the lovely release. The orgasm leaves me in a silky stupor of relaxation.
Then my eyes snap open, and my heartbeat starts to race again. I suddenly realize that we are approaching the busiest intersection before home; A cross-section of two roads, each with five lanes. The streetlights illuminate everything, and as always, traffic lines up at the solid red light.
With mere moments until we reach the intersection, I can see him observing me. My eyes wildly look from car to car. Why do they all have to be SUVs?! Anyone could look down into our little car and see everything! My heart beats so loudly that I can only hear the thud of it in my ears.
He slows down as we approach, and at the last minute, he turns into the corner gas station. Is he getting gas? The lights glare down on the lot, but at the least, no one else stands around pumping gas. He zips past the pumps and takes the back way out.
He cut through to shield me, protecting me from unwanted eyes. I feel tremendous relief wash over me and also overwhelming trust and appreciation. He always pushes me, but he also knows my limits. I feel safe. I can't help but become even more devoted to him at this moment.
Everything in me relaxes as we take that turn onto the last big road headed towards home. He smiles at me, and his fingers go back to work. All of the adrenaline has me at the edge in an instant. He can tell. Of course, he can. He always reads me like a book. A mischievous grin spreads across his face. He slows down with his ministrations and his driving.
"Remember, my pet. Not again until we are home."
I see what he is playing at...well, me. He works his fingers faster until I'm panting. Mewling with the struggle to not cum, he stops. I whimper with need, and he gives a soft chuckle. After just a few moments, enough for my orgasm to slide away, he moves back to my clit with torturously slow circles starting the cycle all over again.
We turn into the neighborhood, and he allows the car to practically roll along, working his fingers faster and faster. The struggle is real, and I'm not sure I can hold off this impending tidal wave. My whimpering takes on urgency. I look at him, pleading with my eyes.
"Yes? Do you want to say something?"
"Please, Sir. Please, I don't think I can hold it back!"
He smiles again and takes off to make the last couple turns. As we pull into the driveway, I realize that anyone can see me. The overhead lights shine down to easily illuminate anything in the garage. Even the lights on either side of the wide two-car garage door shine brightly. What if the neighbors are watching?! I start to reach for my pants, at least.
"Nope!" he scolds me. "Go inside just like that while I bring the garbage cans up to the house. Get on your knees on the couch and wait."
Oh, goodness. The possibility that he will close the garage door vanishes. Sheepishly, I opened the door, looking around as if I could sense or see if a random passerby or neighbor observes me. Cold from the garage floor hits my foot as I step out of the car timidly. I glance around again and then hustle past the two vehicles over through the garage door opening to the backdoor. The cold outside air tickles my bare legs as I move through the threshold of garage and driveway, that space that is both inside and out.
He is purposefully not looking at me, striding out of the garage as if nothing is going on. I rush into the house, relieved to be out of sight. Carefully, with shaking hands, I take off my wool and hang it on the coat rack. I stand in the mudroom naked and take a deep breath. I'm home. I hear the rumble of the wheels of the trashcan on the driveway, and I know it won't be too long before he heads inside.
I walk through the kitchen into the living room, well aware that all the blinds stand open. I'm home. I'm safe here. The exposure doesn't bother me after what I have just experienced. Typically I would dart from room to room with him chuckling at me. Now, I stride with confidence and ease - and urgency!
I see the couch and gladly take my position on my knees, ass high, back arched, shoulders, and head down flat. I'm not the only one worked up into a frenzy. I can tell. This is the no-nonsense, he is going to fuck my brains out position. I smile with anticipation as I wait for him to take me. I hear his footfalls, and I can only imagine that he is stripping his clothes off as he makes his way.
"Good girl," he says as he pats my ass playfully and then gives me a little swat.
"MMMmmmm, please, Sir. Take me."
He chuckles as he positions himself behind me. I feel his hands reach forward, taking my hips in a firm grip. He thrusts forward with a grunt while pulling me back, impaling me on his hard cock. I instantly start spasming around him, whimpering, trying desperately not to cum. He holds there, letting me process the feel of him deep inside me.
"Oh, God! Please, Sir! Please use me for your pleasure."
Then he takes me with purpose, driving into me harder and harder. My back arches, even more, pushing my chest into the couch. I tighten my inner walls to milk him as he drives in and out. I love the sensations from this position. I can feel every inch of him invading into my core.
"Left hand on your clit. Right on your tit."
He gives me a moment to comply. My fingers are instantly soaked as I reach down to get to my clit. I always sneak them back just a bit further. I like to feel my fingers on my clit, but also his hard cock as it slides so effortlessly into me, stretching me open. My other hand goes to my nipple, and I start to roll and pinch it between my fingers.
I have been holding back for so long. I can barely stand it! With all this extra stimulation and adrenaline flooding through my veins already. I whine and whimper with my need and desperation.
"You better cum now, because I certainly am going to!" he tells me as he picks up the intensity.
As I shatter, my inner walls lockdown on him. My eyes roll back in my head, and I'm in a different world, floating in the clouds as muscles convulse around him. I can feel that my body is rock hard in contraction, not knowing what to do with all of the energy that explodes inside me.
"I love you, Violet!"
I feel his cock jump, which sends me even higher. My body responds by rhythmically clutching his cock inside me as he spasms and spends himself. Over and over, like a wave lapping at the beach, my orgasm washes my every sense. He slows, and my body begins to relax, accepting a beautiful release.
"Oh, thank you, Sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you," I mumble into the couch as the euphoria sweeps over me. "I love you, too."