Chloe and Allen Ch. 06 (Things continue to escalate, bit by bit)
This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
Note I started and submitted this series as Exhibitionist/Voyeur. Literotica posted it in Incest/Taboo, because it's (mostly) about a daughter and her father. But there are heavy ex/voy elements and always will be. Sometimes more than the other stuff. Hope you enjoy the whole combination as much as I do!
This is Chapter 6. I recommend reading Chapters 1-5 first. I'm happy you're still here!
Morning mischievousness
Chloe walked down the hall, completely naked, carrying her towel. She woke up horny again after dreaming of her Daddy all night. They had made love multiple ways in various locations around the house, using many different positions. It was heavenly! He filled her perfectly, and she came over and over on his mouth, his hands, and his hard Daddy cock. Then she woke up. She didn't jill herself off before heading to the shower, so she was pretty charged up and looking forward to putting on another shower show for her Daddy.
The bedroom door was already open, which usually meant one thing. She sadly confirmed it when she walked into her Daddy's bedroom. He wasn't there! He wasn't in the closet nor the bathroom, either. He was probably on an early work call in his office downstairs.
Phooey! Chloe was hoping to put on another fun show for him. That would have to wait. At least she wouldn't take too long in the shower and would be able to get to school on time without rushing as much as she'd had to the past two days! She still paid a lot of attention to her breasts and pussy in the shower, of course. Why not? So, she was still horny-though clean-afterwards.
She dried herself off and decided to leave her towel in the bathroom this time, so she could be completely naked walking back to her room, not even carrying anything. Chloe knew she'd have to come up with some reason she left it behind if asked, but she wasn't worried about that. It was perhaps a small thing, walking fully naked upstairs without anyone else around up there to see anything, but it still felt so wonderful and free! She was definitely a nudist at heart, heehee!
Though she didn't get to greet her naked Daddy in his bed nor put on a sexy shower show for him, and he missed out on seeing her waltzing around bare-assed, Chloe thought she still might be able to come up with a little fun for him this morning, even if he was on a work call. She donned a long t-shirt and nothing else, and then she headed downstairs for some breakfast.
Allen was on his morning work call and heard the shower going upstairs. He knew he was probably missing out on a sexy show from the beautiful, young woman he loved. He imagined what her perfect body looked like, hot and wet in the shower.
His precious baby girl was the sexiest woman on the planet, and he was fortunate enough to get to see that nubile body in multiple stages of undress. He also was able to flash his hard cock to her, and she apparently loved it. This week had opened up many avenues of sexy fun for them both, and it all just added to the deep, powerful, all-encompassing love he felt for his little girl.
Allen later heard the office door open behind him. His baby girl quietly padded in and placed a plate on his desk with some buttered toast and a sliced banana, along with some juice. Each banana piece and all the crust of the bread looked extra shiny for some reason. As Chloe stood next to him, Allen noticed she was in what looked like just a t-shirt again. Yum! Her bare, teen legs looked long, smooth, shapely, and oh so caressable.
His daughter turned his office chair to face her and leaned in deeply to kiss Allen on the forehead, while he failed to keep paying attention to what others were saying on the call. He was treated to a full view of his completely naked daughter down the open neck of the t-shirt! Her creamy, smooth skin. Her perfect breasts, tipped with beautiful, brown, puffy areolas and hard, suckable nipples. Her taut belly. The lovely heart of silky hair above her delicious-looking pussy. He groaned out loud.
"Did you say something, Allen?" his boss asked.
Shit! "No, sorry!" He belatedly put himself on mute. "Trying to get me fired?" he asked the vision before him, who was still leaning over, exposing everything to his hungry view.
"Who, me?" she purred. "I don't know what you mean. Fired up, did you say?" Chloe gave him a final kiss, this time on the lips, and slowly stood up, grinning mischievously. "Enjoy breakfast. I hope you like the special ingredient." She silently left, lightly scratching her fingernails across his shoulder, and closed the door behind her.
It didn't take long for Allen to realize his loving daughter had smeared Chloe's Essence all over his meal. Even the rim of his juice glass was smothered with the nectar. He sucked in every bite before chewing and swallowing, wondering why lip gloss made his food so appetizing. Even this particular, special lip gloss that she managed to find someplace miraculous. He felt like he was missing something.
Allen was still on his call when Chloe came in again to say goodbye before heading off to school. He had the foresight to put the call back on mute.
"Do you have time to say goodbye to your little girl, Daddy?" she cooed.
"Definitely! As long as they don't ask me a question."
He was rewarded with his precious little girl sitting on his lap. She squirmed and wiggled on his crotch, which loosened his robe as his erection grew beneath her. Then she wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned in to kiss him deeply and lovingly. Her lips were so soft! They tasted of strawberry lip gloss. Delicious! It was probably a good choice, since he had so voraciously eaten his breakfast due to the addition of Chloe's Essence. It wouldn't do to also voraciously eat his daughter's face while trying to pay attention to his call!
Chloe felt her Daddy's cock rise beneath her. She knew he'd be worked up from all her teasing this morning, and this was her reward! She moved around while enjoying her Daddy's yummy mouth on hers. He was such a good kisser! She was sitting sideways on his lap, so his left hand was stroking her back, and it felt amazing. His right hand started at her belly and slowly crept up until her Daddy was cupping her left breast through her romper. She moaned into his mouth as he began to squeeze her and gently pinch her nipple. She positioned herself such that she felt her Daddy's naked cock on her bare legs, below the hem of her shorts. Jackpot!
With her mouth still lovingly locked on his, Chloe reached down between her legs and found her Daddy's naked, hard cock there. She used two fingers to stroke him from his balls, up his steel shaft, to his wet tip.
"Allen? Allen?? Your answer?" Shit! That was his boss. Allen had no idea what was being discussed on the call.
He took himself off mute as the sexy vixen on his lap stood up. She looked him in the eye and slowly licked and sucked his pre-cum off her fingertips. She gazed down at his raging hard-on sticking up out of his robe. She winked, blew one kiss at him and another to his cock, mouthed "love you!" and skipped out of the room, off to school.
"Uh, sorry! What was the question?" His daughter was definitely going to get him fired.
Worth it!
School sexiness
Chloe met Amanda in the bathroom during their free period. Her best friend was near giddy with excitement, but she was also clearly nervous.
"Thanks for agreeing to help me, Chloe! And thanks for the idea. I'm nervous, but I am definitely ready to do this!"
Amanda looked amazing in a pretty, light blue blouse over a short, lavender skirt. Her favorite color! The skirt material seemed loose and flowy, as instructed. Her legs looked gorgeous, her feet in sexy black sandals.
"Test spin?" Chloe suggested.
"Good idea!" Amanda's hair flew away from her head as she spun her body, letting her skirt rise up.
"Girl!" Chloe exclaimed. "Those panties are so sexy! Great choice." Her girlfriend was wearing white, lacy panties that were sheer enough for Chloe to clearly see her dark pussy hair beneath. Very hot! "And I got a really good view, so good job spinning. Do it just like that when we're in the hallway. Ready?"
Amanda could only nod, her eyes wide, as she realized this was the moment.
Chloe opened the door then followed Amanda out into the hallway. There was one student in the hall, heading toward them. They tried to look nonchalant and innocent as the boy passed by, chatting about nothing. As soon as he turned the corner out of sight, Chloe looked in all directions and confirmed the coast was clear.
"Now, Amanda!"
Amanda moved to the middle of the hallway and spun around once. She stopped, eyes wide with excitement, and giggled. "I did it!"
"Again!"
"Right!" Chloe watched her best friend twirl three times, spinning away from her down the hall. She looked so happy and free! Her sexy white panties were on clear view every time she spun. She then twirled her way back to Chloe, breathless and laughing with joy. Amanda pushed Chloe back into the bathroom.
"Oh my god! Heehee! I did it!" she breathed, her chest heaving, her eyes bright. "That was amazing! Oh, Chloe, did you see me? Thank you! Thank you so much!" Amanda rushed to Chloe and grabbed her head in her hands, pulling her to her lips, giving her a long, excited kiss. Chloe was dumbstruck as Amanda released her. She didn't think her girlfriend even realized how deeply she just kissed Chloe. And Chloe wasn't about to point it out. This was all about Amanda right now.
"Do we have time to do it again?" Amanda asked. Chloe checked the hall clock and nodded. Amanda paused, thinking something over. Then she apparently made her decision. "Hold these!" Chloe watched with a mix of surprise, pride, and amusement as her girlfriend peeled off her panties and handed them to her.
Time slowed for a moment as Chloe realized what she was holding. These panties had just been on her best friend's pussy. They were silky and soft and sexy in her hand. She also felt a little dampness. Oh god, Amanda's pussy had leaked in her excitement! As her girlfriend turned toward the door, Chloe watched as if from a distance, as her hand acted on its own and brought the panties to her mouth and nose. She couldn't help it! Her tongue reached into the crotch to taste the juices caught there, and she breathed in deeply to capture the smell of her girlfriend. As she put the panties in her pocket, time resumed to normal. Following Amanda out the door, Chloe reflected on how delicious that sip of her nectar was. Different from her own familiar, tasty juices, and quite wonderful. Amanda's Essence, ha! She wished she could buy a bottle.
Then they were in the hallway. They had to wait as two different students, a boy and a girl, headed in opposite directions and eventually left the hall empty.
"Go!"
Amanda didn't need any more prompting. She twirled her way several paces down the hall and spun her way back, a look of joy and arousal lighting up her face. Chloe saw her sexy, tight butt and gorgeous hairy pussy with each spin. As she returned, Amanda tried to spin one leg out in a twirl. She wasn't a trained dancer, but she definitely achieved the effect she was going for! Chloe could see up between her best friend's legs to her swollen pussy lips, glistening in the hallway light. Amanda was very clearly enjoying herself!
Just before they headed back into the bathroom, another boy turned the corner into the hallway. Chloe got an idea. "Hang on!" she whispered. She took Amanda by the hand and walked her to the center of the hall as the boy passed them. She faced the boy's back and turned Amanda toward her, her girlfriend's eyes widening with the realization of what was about to happen.
Chloe took one step backward and whispered, "Go!" with a nod.
Amanda spun. She could see the boy walking away as she did so. After one revolution, she did it a second time. On her third spin, she lifted her leg again, exposing her open, naked, and very wet pussy to the boy, if only he knew. As he turned the corner, he glanced back up the hall at the two of them, standing there innocently and looking back at him. If he had any idea what was going on, he didn't show it as he continued out of sight.
Amanda pushed Chloe into the bathroom, with a low growl and aroused chuckle. Chloe began, "Girlfriend, that was so ho-" but was interrupted as Amanda kissed her again. They'd pecked and traded friendly kisses many times over the years, but never like this. Chloe's toes curled in her shoes. She tried to catch her breath as Amanda released her, thanking her profusely and talking rapidly about how amazing that was and how turned on it had made her. Chloe again didn't think Amanda even realized what she'd just done.
Chloe loved Amanda. She was her best friend and had been forever. They'd done everything together, seen each other naked loads of times, slept in the same bed on sleepovers, lightly kissed, pecked, held hands, whatever. But she had never had any sexual feelings for her. Interestingly, after tasting her pussy juices, smelling her sexy aroma, seeing her wet and swollen pussy lips, and being kissed deeply by her, twice, she thought she maybe still didn't. But Amanda was a damn good kisser, so she was not upset at all at that turn of events! She decided not to think too deeply about it and just let it be the very enjoyable experience it had been.
Amanda was still exclaiming how fun that was and how excited it had made her. "I know, right? God, it's such a turn on!" Chloe agreed. Amanda stilled and looked at her, thoughts clicking. Silence. Jesus, she had done it again! "I...uh...I mean, it...it seemed like such a turn on for you! So hot! You...uh...must be so horny!" she stammered, hopefully. More silence, as Amanda considered and seemed to make an active decision not to pursue it further, for which Chloe was thankful.
Amanda bubbled up again and excitedly agreed with Chloe. She declared that she couldn't wait to get home and relieve the pressure in her pussy! Chloe had to agree to herself; there was definitely much orgasm fodder here! She couldn't wait to get home, kiss her Daddy, kiss her Daddy some more, and then head to her room and get naked. Thankfully, they only had one more period of classes before the school day ended.
Their next free period together was Friday, and they agreed to play some more. Amanda tried to convince Chloe to also wear a skirt. She said she'd think about it.
As they separated and walked toward their next classes, Chloe realized she still had Amanda's panties in her pocket.
Home hijinks
His precious baby seemed like a woman on a mission, but Allen didn't mind. She'd leapt into his arms and immediately started kissing him the moment she was through the door. Grape lip gloss combined with her natural taste to make a delicious meal. She was such a good kisser! He felt like the luckiest person alive to get to experience it. Regularly now. In mild deference to the boundaries they were feebly trying to maintain, neither of them used their tongues. Well, not much, anyway. He would never get tired of kissing his daughter like a lover, though. He hoped she didn't, either.
Allen's hands were in their now-usual positions, left hand holding a fabulous, firm butt cheek (don't want her to fall, after all-safety first!), right hand wrapped around her and cupping her round, teen breast from the other side, as she turned in their embrace to encourage the contact.
He marveled once again how they both fit together perfectly, his arms enveloping her, her legs around his waist, his hands on her magnificent body, their entwined lips. Like they were designed as one loving, combined being, and the exception was when they were apart. He could easily stay cuddled in his baby girl's arms like this for eternity.
Chloe seemed very worked up, and he was happy to be the recipient of her arousal. He only wondered briefly about the source but forgot to care too much, as she continued kissing him, while he returned the favor, caressing her ass and breast through her cute romper while at it.
When she finally released him, he just smiled in a daze, his cock rock hard under his robe. Chloe obviously felt him between them as she gave him a final hug and purred, "hold that thought!" before dashing upstairs to her room.
Chloe was already stripping when she reached the top of the stairs and was naked before she got to her room. She'd thought briefly about leaving a trail of clothes in the hall (tempting!) but carried them with her instead. As horny as she was when she had arrived home, she was now doubly so after her hot, lovers' encounter downstairs.
As she dropped everything inside her door, Amanda's panties fell out of her romper pocket. Oh, god! She'd nearly forgotten about those.
Without thinking too deeply about her motives, she decided "waste not, want not" and brought them with her to her bed. As Chloe laid back and slid her right hand across her breasts, down her naked body to her pussy, she held the crotch of her girlfriend's panties to her nose with her left. They were dry by now, but the musky scent on them was heady and unmistakable. She groaned out loud as she inhaled deeply, while fingering her sopping wet pussy.
Chloe positioned herself so the silky, soft lace lay over her nose on its own, freeing her left hand to trace down to her breasts. She caressed both in turn, circling her areolas as they puffed out with her arousal, and pinching her nipples, sending electric shocks through her body.
Chloe had intended to try to take her time and enjoy all the sensations she was creating, but the culmination of the day's events meant that would be a challenge. She felt an intense orgasm building, and she fingered her clit just right to make the buildup last as long as she could. Which wasn't long, but every second was exquisite!
As the peak approached, she breathed in deeply to fill herself with the musky scent of her best friend and moved her fingers fast, applying just the right pressure in all the right places. Her explosion finally came, and it was one for the record books!
Visions of the day flashed before her mind's eye as Chloe cried out. Her girlfriend playfully spinning in the school hallway, first in sexy white panties-the same lacy panties that now covered her nose and face, then naked, her beautiful butt and amazing pussy on full display if anyone were looking, and finally her open, aroused, glistening pussy lips as she made her best imitation of a ballerina. Then, those unexpected kisses, deep and delicious.
Fast forward to her Daddy's thrilling kisses and caresses and his steely hard Daddy cock between them, caused by her.
The visions lasted, and so did her orgasm. It had started deep inside and exploded intensely, and then it continued as she cried out, rolling like thunder until she finally lay back, sweaty and exhausted, her girlfriend's musky panties still covering her face.
Chloe took one final deep inhale and then dropped the panties off the side of her bed. She lay there in a glowing stupor, feeling very loved.
...
The rest of the afternoon and evening was a now-familiar series of thrilling encounters. Throughout, they continued their usual banter and deeper conversation with the ease of years of spending most of their time together. Anyone only listening in would hear two deeply connected people who adored each other, loved chatting about anything, and were completely comfortable in each other's presence. Anyone watching would notice it had turned into much more!
Chloe wore a thin, see-through, lacy pink bra and panties set under one of Allen's borrowed t-shirts, and he was treated to frequent views of all his daughter's amazing, sexy assets. She wore just the short t-shirt as a top while he massaged her shoulders during homework time, her panties fully on display, her legs casually apart. Her bra didn't stay hidden much, either, as he pulled the t-shirt neck open much more than was necessary to get at her shoulders, rubbing his hands along the top of her chest and back while she studied.
Allen's little girl sensibly put shorts on when her mother got home, but they were loose. If anything, they provided even more playful and exciting views, as she made sure to give him peeks up the legs whenever she could, including throughout dinner.
In the evening, Chloe assumed a favorite position, lying sideways on the couch with her head in Kathy's lap, feet toward Allen. That meant she was the lucky recipient of both a scalp massage and foot rubs while they all watched a show together. Chloe made sure she spread her legs as she lay down and when she got up, as well as during several leg stretches during the show. Allen was more interested in his sexy girl's show than what was on TV! He had trouble hiding his extreme erection without Chloe sitting up next to him to provide cover. He adjusted as best he could.
Goodnight time meant his young daughter's shorts came off again. Chloe had glanced over her shoulder at Allen with a grin and a twinkle in her eye, dropping the shorts at her feet at the top of the stairs, as he trailed behind, leaving him to retrieve them before he followed her perfect, panty-clad, teen bubble butt down the hall. He breathed in the intoxicating scent of her as he held the shorts to his nose while he followed.
Inside her room, Allen played as before, caressing and kneading all the bare skin within his reach, up and down her legs and thighs, centering his focus on using his thumbs right around the crotch of her see-through panties. He never gave in and reached under the panties, but his touch was everywhere else.
He soaked in the delicious view of his little girl's aroused pussy, the lips separating and glistening under the pink lace, watching as he was able to generate a dark wet spot, leaking through the panel covering her pussy's opening, dripping down to a small puddle on the sheet between her legs.
Once again, though, Allen reluctantly left his daughter to finish the job on her own, while he listened through her door. She called his name twice in her release. If she were listening, she also heard him call her name as he exploded into his hand on the other side of her door.
They dreamt of each other, almost as if they were sharing mutual dreams of perfect love and ecstasy.
...
All the next day brought them both together in many sexy ways. To Allen's amazement, his precious girl walked into his room completely naked on the way to her shower, not even carrying a towel. She just confidently walked by with a smirk, a wave, and a, "Hi, Daddy!" as if it were the most natural thing in the world. His jaw literally dropped, and he was too dumbstruck to even react before she disappeared into the bathroom, leaving an open gap in the door, as he heard her turn on the bathroom fan to keep any steam from gathering.
Chloe gave Allen another shower show, and he jerked off to the view of her completely naked body across the bathroom. He came as he watched in the mirror while she inserted two fingers into her pussy, facing him full frontal with her other hand squeezing her round, young breast. She again pretended like she had no idea he was there, and that was such an added, naughty thrill!
At breakfast she wore just a long t-shirt, completely naked underneath. His baby girl had leapt onto Allen's back as usual, and he thought he could feel how full and free her breasts were, hugging against his back. His hands held nothing but smooth, warm, bare skin as he supported her. She made sure she used her feet again while they wrapped around him to free his raging cock from the confines of his robe. She then moved her legs all around to maximize skin-to-skin contact with his erection. She was rewarded with smears of his pre-cum on both shins.
They sat and chatted at the breakfast table with their usual ease, acting like everything was completely normal. However, Allen only covered the side of his cock away from Chloe, so his little girl could stare at the entire erection that stuck straight up in his lap, while he pretended he had no idea. And stare she did! In turn, she gave him several views of her naked pussy up the t-shirt, briefly spreading her legs whenever getting up from or returning to the table for multiple, made-up reasons. Allen was a first-hand witness to his little girl's growing arousal, as she glistened more and more with each offered view.
Goodbyes for school took a little extra time, since Chloe was wearing a heavy supply of Chloe's Essence. Allen held her head in her hands while sucking at her lips ravenously. She held him tightly while happily accepting his loving attention, his steely shaft vertical between them. She reached one hand down briefly to pull his cock out from under his robe, with a gentle squeeze that nearly caused Allen to cum all over her fingers; then she resumed her tight embrace.
As he sent his daughter off to school with a wave, his still-exposed cock pointing the way, her lips were empty of any lip gloss, and her blouse bore a wet badge of pre-cum.
After school, homework shoulder massages gave Allen a view of Chloe's matching dark green, lace panties and bra that brought out the brilliance of his daughter's lively green eyes. She was again in a short t-shirt, so her panties were fully exposed the entire time. They were thin, lacy, and extremely sexy against his baby girl's pale skin. He could easily make out the heart-shaped patch of pussy hair underneath.
As he pulled the shirt neck open to massage her shoulders, her gorgeous brown, puffy areolas and bullet-hard nipples sticking out under her thin bra made it clear how turned on Chloe was at what she had on display for him. Behind her, he pulled his cock out from under his robe. Once again, it was rock hard from the sexy views and naughtiness of the situation. If she looked over her shoulder, she would see his dripping cock head a fraction of an inch away from touching her back.
Kathy's arrival meant shorts over the panties, and they stayed on through dinner and a show. Though that didn't stop his baby girl from offering peeks whenever she could. For TV time, Chloe was lying on the rug directly in front of Allen, facing away to watch their show. Her lovely bubble butt stuck perkily up in the air, and as she moved her legs around, he watched with admiration how her toned muscles flexed. She spread her legs occasionally, treating him to dark green peeks at her panties.
After Kathy went up to bed, Chloe returned from a bathroom run without the shorts and resumed her position on the floor for them to watch one of their shows. She spread her legs wide, and Allen lost all interest in the show they had selected.
He watched, mesmerized, as this precious teen girl slowly humped her butt up and down, and Allen could imagine his cock placed in the crevice there, her movement causing her pussy to slide up and down his shaft, coating him with her juices before he angled himself to slip inside. It could never happen, but God, he knew it would be so good!
Allen pulled his shorts leg aside and freed his cock behind the sexy young vision before him. He started openly stroking his cock, staring at his little girl's panty-clad pussy.
Allen watched in amazement as Chloe's fingers appeared, reaching back between her legs and slowly sliding up and around her pussy over her panties, right in front of him! He stroked harder, trying to keep silent as the pre-cum started leaking, risking creating wet squelching sounds as he pounded his cock in rhythm to her ministrations to her pussy and clit.
Chloe was pretty sure her Daddy had no idea, but with the lights on in the family room, her position on the floor meant the TV screen unexpectedly acted as a fairly clear mirror. That was sometimes a nuisance in the past as she tried to watch a show, but now she welcomed it and celebrated her good fortune!
She watched and almost groaned out loud as he pulled his big Daddy cock out behind her and started stroking it. She stayed quiet. She definitely didn't want to give away this particular secret, hoping to see where it might lead. She also had an idea forming and tucked it away for future use. But she couldn't just sit and idly watch his unintended jerk off show.
Chloe reached her right hand back under herself and boldly started stroking her pussy right in front of her Daddy. God, that felt so good! It would have felt wonderful no matter what, but to be doing it this close to her Daddy, while he was jerking the hard cock that she caused, was almost too much.
She could feel her juices start to flow freely in her panties, and she leaked through onto her fingers. She couldn't stop. She knew her Daddy noticed, his eyes wide in surprise, and she watched him quicken his pace as he stroked his cock, staring straight between her legs at her soaked panties and the fingers she moved faster and faster there.
Chloe was losing control. She hadn't at all intended to cum in front of her Daddy when she'd started. She had just meant to tease him a bit.
Allen watch his baby girl's nimble fingers increase their pace over her soaked panties. He matched his speed to hers. She started cooing and groaning out loud as she dug deeper. "Hunh! Hunh!" Her butt raised in the air, and then she collapsed on the floor with a scream of, "Daddyyyyy!" clamping her legs together around her hand.
Holy shit! She was cumming! Right in front of him! He immediately began spewing long ropes of cum as he watched the erotic sight before him. Allen had no idea how he managed to remain silent. He caught what he could in his hand. Chloe was convulsing and crying out, and he kept spewing cum. He had no idea he could generate so much. But then again, he had never in his entire life witnessed something as sexy and spontaneous as this.
Chloe had just cum in front of her Daddy! Well, was still cumming! She continued to shudder with aftershocks at the thrilling excitement of what she had just done. Jesus! That was entirely unplanned, but it had felt...well, amazing wasn't even strong enough a word!
That was the first time her Daddy had ever seen her cum like that. And her orgasm was even more intense, since she also got her first view of him cumming at the same time! He spurted so much cum, and all because of her. She loved that she could make him feel so good! She of course didn't at all mind how wonderful she made herself feel at the same time, heehee!
He still must not know she could see him reflected in the TV, because she watched him consider what to do now with his erection and the handful of cum he was holding. Her eyes bugged out as she then witnessed her Daddy bring his hand to his mouth and drink his own cum down. Holy crap!
Her hand was still resting against her pussy, and she clamped down as another mini-orgasm rumbled through her. She shuddered and gushed more juices into her sopping panties. That was so hot! She found herself yearning once again for her own taste of him.
The fact that he consumed his own juices like she did was intensely thrilling but frankly shouldn't have been surprising. One more way they were so alike! She bet she was even more alike in that she'd love consuminghisjuices, heehee! Maybe one day, she hoped.
That was a lot of cum! Allen didn't often drink his own juices but really didn't mind the taste. But still, that was a lot! However, he was desperate and had to get rid of the evidence before his young daughter turned around and found out that not only was her father jerking off behind her, he had just cum all over! So, he slurped down his huge load and tucked his softening member back under his shorts.
Not that she'd be able to blame him given what she had just done right in front of him. He was still stunned (and seriously turned on) at what he had witnessed.
Allen also felt pangs of guilt forming. He hadn't felt any guilt for most of their recent play, but this was another line crossed. Chloe didn't even know he'd crossed it, but that didn't change the fact. He didn't feel major regret, just mild uneasiness about what he'd done. He needed to sleep on it and hoped to go straight to bed. He didn't know how to explain that to Chloe, though.
Chloe knew her panties were drenched and desperately wanted to drink all the juices trapped there. As she turned to her Daddy, she saw him yawn. "Sleepy, Daddy?" she cooed. Maybe she'd worn him out making him cum so much while watching her exploding on the ground in front of him.
"Ha, guilty as charged, champ. Do you mind?"
"No, it's OK, Daddy. But don't think you're getting away without a goodnight kiss!" She stood up and leaned over deeply so he could see her puffy, aroused breasts when she kissed him deeply. He stood up and pulled her into a tight embrace. She felt a lot of emotion in that embrace, love pouring through to her, and she sent the full force and depth of her feelings for him right back. The kiss, as always recently, was truly a thing from heaven. She loved him so much!
She didn't tell her Daddy she could taste his cum in their kiss. From what she could tell, it was pretty delicious! She yearned for more.
"Can I walk you to your room?"
"Of course, Daddy!"
They held hands all the way up the stairs and embraced again at her door, sharing the best kiss of the evening.
"I love you so much, Chloe. I can't even express it," her Daddy whispered, as he kissed her again.
"I know Daddy. I love you even more than that." She looked deeply into his loving eyes, melting into their final kiss, which carried the true weight of their feelings for each other with it.
Friday before the party
Allen woke to the morning sunlight, after another night full of perfect dreams with his precious baby girl, her young, delicious, naked body entwined with his all night. After such a night, he always woke feeling deeply loved and horny as hell. It was quite an intoxicating combination, one he frequently experienced this highly-eventful week of discovery with his beautiful daughter.
That included last night as he broke through another so-called boundary and jerked off while staring at his baby girl fingering herself to climax right in front of him. Uneasy as he had felt right afterward, time and a night of passionate, loving dream sex with his little girl eased his mind. It was yet another progression in a week of erotic encounters with the fabulous, funny, and foxy young woman down the hall.
Speaking of which, that specimen of young female perfection's morning alarm just went off. That meant she would be coming through to shower any minute now. God, he hoped she was completely naked again like yesterday. If so, and frankly even if not, Allen would be ready for her.
Chloe woke, naked of course, to find two of her fingers inside her wet pussy. She wasn't surprised, given the Daddy dream her alarm had interrupted. So, matching her near-constant state this entire week, Chloe was extremely horny again. Time to get up, though, she thought, as she stuck her two juicy fingers into her mouth and sucked them dry. She was so tasty, if she didn't say so herself! That reminded her of how she had finished her evening last night.
Chloe looked over the edge of her bed to the lacy, dark green panties she had discarded on the floor. They looked innocently dry now, but she licked her lips at the memory of just how wet they had been.
After the heavenly kisses with her Daddy at her bedroom door, like the end of a loving date, she had dashed to her bed, ripping off her t-shirt and bra on the way. Her panties had literally never been this wet before. Even this week with all the time she had soaked through her panties, she had never cum inside them. She had soaked herself with extra goo due to the added thrill of unexpectedly cumming right in front of her Daddy. That was so hot!
And her lacy panties had been soaked before she'd even done that. Then she had gushed again from watching her Daddy jerk off, explode, and drink his cum, and she leaked heavily once more from their passionate kissing.
The cotton panel of her panties had done its best to contain all those juices.
Chloe had looked down across her puffy breasts and taut belly as she pulled her panties away from herself with both hands. She had moved slowly, seeing what she had hoped to. Her clear, thick grool was stretching from her pussy, stuck to the inside of her panties, a shiny wall of gooey juices stretching from her pussy to her panties as she pulled them away.
There was so much!
She had used three fingers of her left hand to scoop the thick wall of juices that stretched there, breaking the connection. Then she'd released her panties back onto herself and sucked greedily at her fingers. God! So good! She had licked her fingers clean while lightly playing with her clit through her panties with her right hand.
She had repeated that process three more times. There was so much gooey juice, she was able to keep creating a sticky wall of shiny grool by slowly pulling her panties away. She scooped and drank and scooped and drank and scooped and drank. And that was only step one!
Chloe finally pulled her panties all the way off, and she moaned out loud as she licked and sucked the heavenly coating of thick juices that remained at the crotch.
She'd then giggled with arousal and delight as she succeeded at literally wringing out her panties into her waiting mouth. They were so soaking wet, she was actually able to squeeze liquid from them and drink it down. She had finally sucked at every bit of the wet material, drinking what juices were left that she could find to consume.
And of course, there was also her engorged, soaked pussy and its collection of nectar. Chloe's Essence, indeed, heehee! She couldn't believe her Daddy hadn't figured that one out yet. She certainly wasn't going to tell him and looked forward to whenever he finally discovered the truth for himself.
Chloe had scooped all the remaining goo from her pussy and drank it down. The entire meal had been so intensely arousing, she came again on her fingers while she was cleaning herself up. Which of course meant more juices for her insatiable appetite! God, she didn't think she could ever get enough. If that evening's incredible amount wasn't filling, she didn't know what could be.
She had gone to sleep entirely content, the taste of herself lingering on her lips, the memory of her Daddy's big cock jerking and cumming in front of her playing like a movie in her mind as she'd drifted off. She of course dreamed of him all night again.
Shaking herself from her lusty reverie and standing up, Chloe was excited for the repeat of what she hoped was now a morning routine, her second ever trip to the shower completely naked in front of her covered but also-naked Daddy. She mused with a grin how that was probably a rare get-out-of-bed reason among her fellow daughters of the world. Even with a sheet covering him, she always knew her Daddy had nothing on. This week, that had become much more important and meaningful to her!
She opened her bedroom door and walked into the hallway sunlight. It felt so warm on her exposed skin. Chloe closed her eyes and imagined she was strolling naked through a sunny green meadow. She felt so free! She was flushed and smiling when she arrived at her Daddy's door, opened it, and greeted the man she loved most on the planet. "Good mor- whoa- whoa!" she stuttered as she stopped short just inside the door.
Her Daddy was naked! Well, he was always naked. But he was NAKED!
With no sheet covering any part of him, her Daddy sat up in the bright sunlight, knees raised and glasses on, reading a book. As calmly as on any other morning, he looked up innocently and responded, "Good morning, precious! I hope you slept well."
Only this wasn't any other morning. Her Daddy's calm demeanor couldn't hide his very, very, very obvious excitement with the situation. She had been extremely fortunate to see her Daddy's naked penis many, many times this week, usually erect. His Daddy cock this morning, though, seemed bigger than she had ever seen it before.
He must be so turned on by his exposure, helped along, she fervently hoped, by her naked features in front of him. She would be just as hard if she had one of those things, ha, but the copious juices literally running down the insides of her thighs right now was her own clear signal of how hot this tableau was for both of them.
Time started again, but all Chloe could do was utter a low, aroused chuckle. She did get her feet moving again, though! By the time she reached the bathroom, she had completely recovered her voice and her humor. As she flipped on the fan, she laughed out loud to her Daddy and called sweetly, "Touché!" Fair was only fair, she reasoned, since she got him to stutter yesterday upon her first-ever (first-of-many!) provocative post-pubescent parade. That didn't mean he got to win, of course, heehee! Thinking quickly, Chloe turned off the fan and closed the bathroom door.
Allen couldn't believe he'd just done that! Even with all the thrilling mutual exposure lately, he had never been 100% naked right in front of his sexy teen daughter.
He had woken fully hard as usual lately, and as soon as he heard Chloe's alarm, his plan became clear and obvious. He sat up in bed, raised his knees, checked angles for the best visibility in the sunlight, and pulled out a book, which he held in his right hand. Allen wrapped his left hand around his shaft and stroked in anticipation of his crazy plan.
He knew this wasn't much different from all the other blatant displays of his dick to his darling daughter, but it sure felt different! He almost came just from his light cock strokes that counted the few remaining moments until his bedroom door opened.
When he heard his baby girl's door, he furiously pumped his cock a few more times, almost cumming again, then let go. Allen held his book and sat as innocent-looking as he could muster and tried to calm his breathing.
Time slowed as his gorgeous, completely naked daughter proudly strutted into the room, her nubile body on full display in the bright morning sun. Every curve, crease, fold, and mound were shadowless and vivid, the brown of her areolas in stark contrast to her creamy skin, her wispy-soft pussy hair shining in the day's light. She was truly breathtaking. He took a mental picture to store forever.
Allen was also quite proud that his daughter only got one and a half words in before his display caught her attention. She stopped short and gasped out loud. Haha, success! That might be a record. She stared at his cock, making it grow even harder, if that were possible. He could tell she liked what she saw, and he nearly came without touching himself with how exciting this was! Then Chloe snapped out of it and headed to the bathroom, glancing back hungrily at his still-raging hard-on.
She got the last laugh, though, when she turned off the fan and shut the door to the soon-to-be steam room.
In the shower, Chloe realized how much she had punished herself, not just her Daddy, by turning off the fan. Now she couldn't give him a shower show.
That didn't mean she couldn't enjoy her own hands and fingers roaming freely while she washed herself, though, working herself up even more. She was so horny! She needed release, and she couldn't wait any longer.
Chloe sat on the bench in the shower and grabbed the hand unit. She pointed the hand-held showerhead at her pussy after setting it to pulse. Holy shit! She didn't do this often, and every time she tried it again, she wondered why she waited so long. It felt fucking amazing! She pushed three fingers inside herself while letting the water pulse over her clit. It didn't take long for all her pent-up arousal to boil over the top and come crashing through her in waves.
Allen was slowly stroking his cock while his precious baby girl took her shower, looking forward to a repeat naked performance when she came out to return to her room. He had to clamp down hard on the base of his cock when he heard "Daddyyyyyy!!" from inside the bathroom and knew his little girl was cumming in there. He visualized her engorged, pink pussy lips swelling as her body convulsed, and he nearly came on the spot. Miraculously, he held back, just barely.
The one drawback to Chloe's amazing orgasm in the shower was that her juices were washed away before she could suck on them. Perhaps that was why she didn't do this often, heehee! But it felt so good; she had needed that.
After drying herself off, Chloe looked forward to the view she hoped was still waiting for her in her Daddy's bedroom. She tweaked and pulled her nipples to puff her areolas a bit and harden the tips (yum!) then opened the door. She was not disappointed! God, was that thing even bigger than before? She loved everything about her Daddy's naked body, but she especially loved his incredible cock. And there it was, fully exposed for her in the bright sunlight that infused the room.
"Anything big planned for the day?" Allen asked casually as his beautiful young daughter walked into the room, her face still flushed from her orgasm. Her breasts looked amazing, topped with puffy brown areolas and hard nipples pointing straight at him. Could he be lucky enough to make this experience last a little longer?
OMG! Oh, goody! He wanted to talk. With a shaky voice, she stood completely naked in front of her Daddy and his huge, rigid hard-on and tried to have a conversation. "Nothing much special at school," she lied, knowing she was going to wear a skirt today and play with Amanda during their free period. "But tonight is that party I told you and Mommy about."
"Oh, yeah. You're driving, right? I can give you a ride if you want," her naked Daddy offered, his cock twitching as he spoke. Was he doing that on purpose?
"No, that's OK. I'm not going to drink, even if others there might. Amanda will be there, too. I'll be fine."
Allen wanted to reach down and stroke his cock right in front of his daughter. This situation was nearly too much! But he held back, thankfully.
Chloe was so tempted to rub her nipples or even reach her hand down to her pussy; she was so turned on! She didn't, but she was so aroused by having a normal conversation with her Daddy while they were both completely naked and saying nothing about it. Jesus! She hoped she could do this a lot more.
They finally ran out of things to extend the conversation with, and Chloe needed to get a move on, anyway. Reluctantly, with one more hungry glance at her Daddy's cock that had stayed rock hard the entire time, she turned away to get ready for school.
Later, as she was driving to school, the idea occurred to her of maybe showing up naked for breakfast. That might be fun to try some morning. Heehee! As she drove, she also hoped her Daddy liked her present.
After kissing his baby girl goodbye and sending her off to school, Allen was still rock hard. The view up his young daughter's skirt at breakfast made sure of that. Tiny, lacy panties barely covered her naughty bits, and he was happy to try to discern what was and wasn't covered, much of her outer lips falling outside the skimpy material. The light lavender color was extremely sexy against her creamy skin.
Allen was going to have to jerk off, or he wouldn't be able to concentrate on work at all! He quickly cleaned up the kitchen and then headed upstairs. That's when he spotted something dark green on his pillow.
Chloe had loved inhaling the scent of Amanda's panties when she jilled herself off the other day. It gave her the idea that her Daddy might enjoy the same thing. Well, not Amanda's panties, heehee! She left him her own. The ones from last night that were lying on her floor this morning, begging for more attention. She didn't know whether he would sniff them or use them to stroke over his cock. She was excited to think about him doing both, and she leaked a little into her lavender panties at the thought.
Holy crap! His little girl had left a present more valuable than gold. Allen approached his pillow and confirmed they were in fact her panties. Used panties. The ones from last night that he had watched her cum in, right in front of him, while he secretly jerked off behind her.
He reached out reverently and ran the fingers of his right hand along the satiny texture. (God, to run his fingers over them while on her body...) He picked them up, gazing in wonder, realizing she had intentionally left them as a gift to him. He brought them to his nose. Her heady scent permeated the material.
Allen almost came immediately, being so aroused from the morning's antics, and from the magical smell of his daughter's teen sex. He held them to his nose and sat back against the pillow, grasping his straining cock with a firm grip with his left hand.
He timed his strokes with every breath in, drinking in his daughter's amazing, sexy aroma. He almost came doing that, but he also wanted to try something else. Switching hands, Allen brought his right hand with his little girl's stained panties to his cock.
He watched himself, mesmerized, as he started lightly rubbing his baby girl's panties on his hard cock. This is the closest his cock would ever get to her tight pussy. It was a distant substitute but felt amazing nonetheless.
Allen positioned the silky panties so the cotton crotch that hugged her naked pussy was directly against the underside of his cock, wrapping the rest of the silky material around his girth. Then he stroked. He started slowly, enjoying the new feel, the naughty realization of exactly what he was doing. Then he quickly increased his tempo, not able to help himself. He was jerking off on his young daughter's dirty panties. Panties she gave him. Panties she had cum in. In front of him.
Allen screamed "Chloe!!" to the empty house and groaned as he started cumming. He spewed cum high into the air, and it landed on his chest. As he kept stroking, he just kept cumming. This was so erotic. This was so amazing. His daughter's panties were making him feel like this. He kept stroking. He kept cumming.
Finally, after several intense spurts of cum, he slowed his pace, breathing hard. That was indescribable! He stroked his shaft a couple more times, easing the rest of his cum out of him, enjoying the final moments of feeling his little girl's panties against him.
There was cum all over his daughter's panties. He chuckled. Messy boy, ha. He then used them to scoop up the cum that had landed on his chest. Allen thought about what to do with them now. He could clean them, maybe lick them off. He could put them in the hamper to be washed. In the end, he did the only thing that made sense to his still-aroused brain. He put her offering back on her own pillow, his added gift readily apparent in many white globs, as a compliment for her amazing thoughtfulness.
Spinny time at school
Early in the school day, Chloe was walking through one of the far, upstairs halls that only saw traffic if someone had a class up there like she did. She was running a little late, so the halls were already empty. Well, almost empty. She saw someone farther up the hall, seated on the floor, hunched over her raised knees, her head resting on her crossed arms. She looked like she was sobbing.
As Chloe got closer, she saw a tiny girl, clearly a freshman or maybe a sophomore.
The smaller girl was past her classroom, and Chloe almost let it go. But there was something...she didn't know what. A pull of...what?...a kindred spirit, maybe. She didn't understand but accepted the feeling. So, she approached the girl and quietly just sat next to her on the floor, her back against the cool wall.
The young girl's books were on the floor on her other side. Chloe saw her name in pen on the notebooks, little flowers surrounding it, like the girl doodled in class.
Ashley. Her name was Ashley.
"Hi, Ashley," Chloe offered quietly. "What's wrong, honey?"
The girl looked up into her eyes, seeming grateful that someone cared. But her sadness quickly bubbled up and over again. Her lips trembled as another tear fell, and she simply said, "I miss Sara," as if that explained everything.
Perhaps it did. Chloe just pulled the little girl close and let her cry.
...
Later, during their free period, Amanda couldn't wait to get Chloe alone with her. They met in their usual bathroom during their free period. Amanda was thrilled to see Chloe had worn a skirt.
"Girl! Are you going to try it?"
"I thought I might." Chloe grinned. Her best friend's excitement at the idea was infectious.
"Yippee!" Then Amanda looked into Chloe's eyes and announced, a bit huskily, "I have something to show you." She stepped back in her cute, short plaid skirt and slowly lifted the edge. The skirt was so short, her crotch almost immediately came into view. She wasn't wearing any panties! Her amazing, hairy bush immediately came into view.
"Amanda!" Chloe exclaimed in surprise and not a little delight. "All day?"
"God, yes! I can't believe I did it. I didn't even bring any panties with me."
Chloe giggled and clapped her hands excitedly, giving a little jump. "You probably don't want these, then," she laughed as she fished Amanda's white panties from Wednesday out of her bag and handed them to her.
"Heehee, not today! Sorry to make you carry them around for two days. I realized you had them after we parted, and I ended up sitting naked under my skirt the final period. I was embarrassed but so, so excited! That's what made me think to do it all day today."
"Oh, no, Amanda. Believe me, it was absolutely no trouble at all taking those home with me." Chloe almost grabbed them back from her best friend to take one more sniff of them. That would probably be awkward, heehee!
"Well, now that I have them, I could always wear them later if I chicken out."
"Oh no you don't! Do I have to take them back from you? You are hereby forbidden to wear those panties today, young lady," Chloe declared in a mock-stern voice she had trouble maintaining.
"Heehee! Yes, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am. Can we spin in the hall now? What are you wearing?"
Chloe raised her own short skirt to show Amanda her panties.
"They're so tiny! Whoa, girlfriend, you look so hot in those. And lavender. For me?"
"Actually, yes. If I'm going to do this with you, I'm doing it in lavender!"
"Heehee! I love you so much."
"Same. Let's do this."
They held hands and walked into the hall. There was nobody there, so they quickly moved to the middle of the hallway. Amanda went first. She didn't hesitate and took five full twirls away from Chloe, experienced at this like she was. On her return, she did her ballet (ish) moves, lifting her leg in her spin to fully expose her opening pussy to Chloe with each rotation. She almost looked more excited and swollen each turn. She looked good enough to eat! (Figuratively!)
With her best friend's excited encouragement, Chloe took her turn. She didn't know how she'd feel doing this but wanted to do it for Amanda. As she spun, she recognized it was the first time she was practicing any exhibitionism that wasn't aimed directly at her Daddy. She decided to try five spins like her best friend had. It was fun!
The thrill of exposure was definitely there. But she had to admit it was a pale fraction of the excitement that even the tiniest show for her Daddy caused in her. She felt the fun she was having now was more about Amanda's presence and her girlfriend's infectious awe of the situation than anything.
As Chloe spun back, she tried the leg-lifting spins and did fairly horribly at them. But her mind was on the possibility of more kisses. She didn't know if they'd happen and honestly didn't know if she wanted them to. But she knew if they were going to happen, it would be when they went back into the bathroom. She still thought Amanda didn't realize she had kissed Chloe so deeply, twice, two days ago.
Amanda asked if Chloe wanted to take off her panties and do it again. Chloe thought about it but declined, hoping that was OK.
"Of course it's OK, silly! You do whatever you want to do. Speaking of which, can I go again?"
Chloe admired her best friend's spirit. "You bet! What's the plan?"
"I don't know. I want to step it up a notch, but I'm already naked under there, heehee!" Amanda thought a bit, and she came up with an idea. "How about this. I can't believe I'm going to say this. We've been really lucky that nobody has come into the hall yet, since we had several visitors last time. So...I am going to spin until someone shows up."
"What???"
"Yup. I won't spin away from you. I will just spin in place. Someone will be coming soon. I know it. They might see me! God, I don't think I'll be able to stand the thought of it, the naughty thrill of the anticipation. This is risky, but it could be fun. Let's move closer to the bathroom door. Once it happens, we are dashing in there!" Amanda walked them both closer to the door as she said this. "You be the lookout. I'm closing my eyes!" And she twirled.
Chloe couldn't believe Amanda's plan. This was indeed very risky. But was it too late to stop her? The look of pure joy and freedom on Amanda's face, the excited smile, gave Chloe her answer. She looked so happy and beautiful...and damn sexy. Amanda nudged Chloe back a couple paces so she could do her leg-lift spins, and that allowed Chloe a clear view of everything under her best friend's spinning skirt. She stared at the up-close view of her sexy friend's aroused, engorged, and wet pussy as it spun into view over and over.
That's when she remembered she was supposed to be the lookout, not the perv friend staring at Amanda's beautiful pussy. She looked up. And cursed to herself. A boy, one of the seniors from their grade, had apparently turned the corner some time ago. Thank God he didn't know either of them that well. He was literally staring at Amanda and Chloe, with a deer-in-the-headlights look, his mouth hanging open.
Shit! "Amanda!"
Her girlfriend's eyes flew open. She looked around and spotted the boy standing there. "Ohmygod! Heehee! Ohmygod! Ohmygod! Ohmygod! Ohmygod!" The first utterance came with a move to the bathroom door. By the third, they were through to safety. By the last, Amanda had faced Chloe with fevered arousal in her eyes, grabbed her head, and kissed her. She didn't let go.
Unlike before, Chloe felt herself kiss back a bit. It felt really good. Amanda was an amazing kisser. They even used their tongues way more than she and her Daddy did.
Then her girlfriend finally released her and started into a torrent of reactions to what had just happened. "Did he see? What did he see? Did you see his reaction?" Question after question, which Chloe answered as best she could. Chloe knew the boy had seen everything and told Amanda so.
As she answered, Chloe wondered again if her best friend had any idea they had just made out.
After Amanda calmed a bit, Chloe knew she needed to talk to her. That was a really risky thing she had done, and Chloe had let her. But Chloe had also been there to stop her. What if she weren't there? What would Amanda try next?
Chloe talked about the thrill of exhibitionism but also the risks. It could be dangerous to expose yourself to the wrong person. It was an amazing thrill, Chloe knew, and she expected Amanda would want to continue doing it, but she asked her girlfriend to please be careful.
"Chloe, I want to...no...need to...do this. It's just such a turn on! I don't want to...can't...give it up. I had no idea I felt this way, but now that I've found this feeling, I need it. It's like a drug. Even today, with no panties on, I've spread my legs, but only when I knew nobody was looking. In History, I even reached under my skirt and touched my pussy. I've thought about going somewhere like the mall instead of school, so people won't know me."
"My dear, I get it. I really do. The thrill is hard to stop once you start. There's simply nothing like it in the world. You feel naughty and free and sexy all at the same time. But it's also so risky in public like this."
Amanda looked at Chloe and got serious. She held Chloe's cheek with one hand and said gently, "Chloe, sweetie, you just did it again. The way you describe all this, you clearly know what you're talking about. More than just watching me spin or you trying spins today. Girlfriend, we tell each other everything." She paused and leaned in, her eyes kindly searching Chloe's. "What are you not telling me?"
"I can't..."
"Of course you can, sweetheart. We know everything about each other. We already have enough blackmail material to make each other very rich, heehee! This secret can't be that much bigger."
"But it is, Amanda. I want to tell you. I want to tell someone. But I really, really shouldn't."
Amanda probed a little. "You clearly have exposed yourself. I don't know how much, but it sounds like you have pretty good experience with it. You even helped me. But you don't want me to do it in public. What other way is there? You can't expose yourself in private!" Amanda grinned at her joke. Then Chloe watched her girlfriend's face change as she thought through what she had just said. She looked away, processing. When she looked back at Chloe, she was very calm and serious.
"Chloe? Where do you show yourself if not in public?" She gently took Chloe's head in her hands and caressed her temples with her thumbs. "Girl...at home?"
Chloe exhaled breath she didn't know she was holding. There it was. Her super-smart best friend in the world had figured out her deepest, darkest secret. Should she admit it? She thought hard about the consequences, but her friendship with Amanda won out over all possible objections.
Chloe slowly nodded her head, confirming Amanda's suspicions.
"Oh. My. God."
"Yeah."
"How long? To whom?"
"Just this past week."
"But Sam is at school." Amanda processed some more and came to the obvious conclusion. "Chloe...your dad?"
Chloe just nodded.
"Jesus."
"I know. It all started innocently enough. You know how close we have been our entire lives, right? Well this week, things have just...escalated quite a bit. I am not sorry at all, Amanda. It's really amazing! You know how you felt today? I know how turned on you were, girlfriend; it was very obvious! Well, that's how thrilling it is for me for my Daddy every time, if not more. I simply love flashing myself to him. I love making him feel good! Can you understand?"
Amanda was very thoughtful. Chloe watched her face brighten softly as she said, "I get it. I really do. Honey, what you have with your father...I am so freaking jealous of it sometimes. And now this. That amazing man better appreciate how fabulous a daughter you are!" She pulled Chloe into a hug. Then she continued, still holding on, "I just can't imagine doing the same thing. My dad and I don't have the same relationship at all. I can't imagine getting excited exposing myself to him."
Chloe thought hard, thinking things over very carefully. She then pulled back from their embrace (which had felt very nice; Amanda was always a good hugger, too) and looked into her best friend's eyes. "What about..."
Amanda waited. "What about what?" Chloe saw the realization dawn in her girlfriend's eyes. They went wide. "Oh, Chloe. Do you mean...?"
Chloe nodded. "Do you think you would like that? I think I'm OK sharing him. Better than sending you out in public! I don't know for sure how he'd react, so we'd need to be careful. But I am positive any reaction would be completely safe for you. Completely. And it might turn out better than that; who knows?"
"Chloe, oh my. Oh, wow. You know I've always adored your father. The way he treats you, the bond you both have. He's so funny and real and kind. And I will state the obvious, that he's not too bad looking for an older gent!"
"Oh, stop!"
"Heehee! What I'm saying is...yes! Absolutely, most definitely, yes. And now that you've planted the idea, I want to do it soon! When can we?"
"Yay! Well, we can't tonight because of the party. Can you sleep over tomorrow?"
"Crap, can't. Stupid family obligations. What about Sunday? It's a school night, but we've done it before on special occasions. And I must say this is pretty special, heehee! Maybe we say it's a belated birthday thing."
"That could work!"
With good timing, the bell then rang, and they headed off to class, new confidences in place, plans made. And Chloe knew Amanda would keep her promise to not put on the white panties, heehee!
Home before the party
Allen gazed at the stunning vision before him, coming down the front stairs. For the party, Chloe wore the dress they had bought together last week. The shopping trip where he realized once again that his baby girl had grown up. She looked simply gorgeous. The frilly edges around the sleeves and hem were cute, and the same lacy frill down the V-neck accented her beautiful, perky teen breasts perfectly. The slim waist of the deep yellow sundress defined her breasts above to their full potential. The material then flowed over her young hips and stopped mid-thigh. He was going to have to start beating off her suitors with a stick!
Allen just stood there, slack-jawed.
"A man of few words, Daddy?" his baby girl teased.
"All of the words, my dear. All of them. You look fantastic. I can't take it!"
"Well, that would earn you a big kiss if I didn't have this lipstick on," she whispered teasingly.
Chloe wished she could kiss her Daddy and see if he could tell what taste was lingering on her tongue. She had gotten home from school, yelled "incoming!" and jumped into his arms in her short skirt, mashing his face with her lips. His hands had found their usual places on her butt and a breast, and she felt completely at home.
Excitedly, since she was in a short skirt, his supporting hand ended up grasping nothing but her skimpy panties and some bare butt cheek. She hoped he didn't mind, heehee!
For fun, she had then stayed in the skirt to do her homework and eat dinner, so she hadn't been up to her room all afternoon. True to her word to Amanda, she exposed her panties to her Daddy at every chance. The skirt made it easy and fun to do often, even at dinner with her Mommy around. Poor guy was probably having trouble hiding a boner, all caused by her. She sure hoped so!
She might have to wear skirts more often.
At dinner, they had discussed Amanda sleeping over on Sunday. Both her parents thought it was a wonderful idea. They both liked Amanda a lot and said it would be nice to see her again. They weren't worried about it being a school night, as long as it was OK with Amanda's parents.
She finally went to her room when it was time to change for the party. Chloe knew she wanted to wear the dress she and her Daddy had bought together last weekend, so it would almost be like he were at the party with her. That's when she saw her panties on her pillow. The ones she had left for him this morning.
Had he not wanted them? She wondered if she had overstepped and if he had returned them as a signal not to do it again. Then she took a closer look.
Holy crap! Heehee! They had cum on them. And OMG! That was her Daddy's cum. From this morning, she assumed. Had he sniffed her scent? Had he liked it? Had he used her panties to jerk off with? God, she hoped so! From the evidence, she sure thought so.
Chloe looked carefully at the panties without picking them up. It seemed the cotton panel had been soaked with cum, too, much of that absorbed throughout the day. But the satiny, silky material wasn't as absorbent, and several gobs of her Daddy's cum still pooled there.
Whoa. What to do? The answer was of course completely obvious. She had to taste it. Chloe knew from a couple lucky times getting his pre-cum on her fingers what that tasted like. She really, really liked it. She had even tasted a hint of his cum in their kiss after he had jerked off behind her watching TV. But what would she think of the real deal?
She was amazed to realize she was about to find out.
Chloe tentatively reached her tongue into one of the pools of cum for her first-ever real taste of her Daddy's sperm. Mmm! Very nice first impression. She licked at the same pool, lapping up more of the cum onto her tongue. It was very slimy, and she rolled it around inside her mouth.
God, it was delicious!
It was way different from his pre-cum, much milkier and saltier, not sweet like the other juice. But this was the main attraction. This was his actual ejaculate, and she got to eat it! She slurped up the rest of the first pool of her Daddy's cum, and then she sought out more. She tried to take her time, to savor the moment, especially since she might never get another chance. But her hunger for his cum became a bit animalistic, and she ended up licking and drinking all the cum she could find in a bit of a frenzy.
Chloe had kept the last glob of her Daddy's delicious cum in her mouth for as long as she could. She put on her dress and makeup, keeping on the skimpy lavender bra and panties she had worn to school. She brushed her hair and added some curls. The whole time, her Daddy's cum was trapped in his little girl's mouth.
It wasn't until she was halfway down the stairs and had to speak to her Daddy that she finally swallowed his cum. She did it while looking at his crotch, imagining the yummy Daddy penis that had produced her delicious meal.
Her Mommy arrived from the other room to say goodbye as well, and then Chloe headed off to the party, her Daddy's delicious sperm aftertaste still filling her mouth.
[AUTHOR'S NOTE: I'm sure most of you picked up on the seemingly out-of-place scene with Ashley. I beg your indulgence. That has personal meaning to me and possibly one other person on this Earth, and I just felt the need to include it in this labor of love of mine. It won't happen again. I won't explain, so there's no need to ask. But feel free to feel a bit sad for little Ashley, too.]