After Fiona's tremendous exertions last weekend and seeing that she was still sore I decided to give her the month off from any whore duties but only after she'd assisted in explaining to Alice what would be required of her in the future.
We were sat at the dining table waiting for Alice to bring us breakfast when the post came; Fiona went to fetch it and dropped a pile in front of me on the table. The one that caught my eye was one I was expecting, it was brown as all the others had been and when I looked the handwriting was certainly Francis's.
"Payday," I said to Fiona waving the envelope at her.
I opened the letter and a cheque fell out from inside the folded headed paper, it landed face down so I left it for now and concentrated on the itemised payslip.
It listed all the deals Fiona had helped seal, their company name, the value to Francis, my percentage, and a list of all the clients who Fiona serviced connected to each company.
"You were a busy whore," I said looking over the paper at her.
"I was busy for you owner," she replied.
I then turned the cheque up and smiled at the figure looking back at me, £833,000, "Your some prime piece of pussy whore I'll give you that," I said sliding the cheque across the table.
"Thank you," she said as she took it and smiled before sliding it back.
Now I had the cheque that had just increase the size of my bank balance to well over a million pounds I could begin altering the course of Alice's development.
Alice knew that she and her mother were both my whores but she wasn't fully aware of her mother's activities when she went away for long weekends and what they actually involved or the compensation I received.
This morning she would find out as well as understanding what her purpose was going to become in the future.
Alice came in and put my plate down and then Fiona's before fetching her own, we ate breakfast naked and then she cleared the pots away and they both washed up. I remained at the table and as they came back in it I spoke.
"Old whore bend before me and present your holes, spread your legs and hold your ankles," I told her.
"Yes owner," she said and complied without question.
I clicked my fingers and patted my knee for Alice to sit, she did and draped her legs either side of my left leg like she always did allowing access to her tight pussy if I wanted it.
"What's this?" I said pushing a finger into Fiona's cunt who had bent less than arm's length in front of me.
"That's your pussy owner," Alice replied.
"And this?" I said easing the same finger in to her arsehole.
"That's your arsehole owner," Alice replied.
I lowered my left hand to her shaven pussy and rubbed her cunt, "And these holes young whore?" I asked curling a finger in to the front of her cunt.
"Your holes owner," she replied.
"Good," I said before reaching for the cheque on the table which I handed her.
She looked at it and asked quite rightly, "What the hell is this for?" her young innocent mind unable to begin linking her mother's disappearances for huge amounts of luxuries when she didn't 'work' as such.
"Why don't you explain to your daughter how we came by this money old whore?" I said to her backside.
She began to stand and I reached out and slapped her left cheek stinging her wonderful cheek which made her bend back over and grasp her ankles again.
"That's how much I earned for being a whore at the weekend," she confessed to Alice whose mouth dropped open.
"Elaborate," I said.
She knew I'd want her to tell all.
"Owner loans me out to my old boss Mr Mulherne, I was the company whore in my last year or so before I left and I used to fuck clients to seal deals," she said.
"Mr Mulherne requested me for a big conference in London this weekend just gone and owner told me go, I sucked the cocks of potential investors during Saturday and Sunday day in a small room behind the trade counter," she confessed.
"At night I met the potentials at their hotel rooms and sealed the deal by allowing them to fuck all my holes," she said seemingly finishing her account.
"How many did," I cut Alice off.
"Did she have to fuck?" I finished her sentence.
"Yes,"
"26, I fucked 26 strangers over two whole nights," Fiona said.
Silence fell across the room for a second.
I pushed my finger back in her mums pussy hole which was considerably wetter than a few minutes ago, "What is this Alice?" I asked again.
"Your pussy owner," she answered again.
"This isn't only my pussy you dumb young whore, this pussy is whoever I say it is, this is a money making machine, and so is this," I said pushing a thumb in to her arsehole.
I lifted Alice's right leg and placed it on her mother's arse opening her lips a little and giving me a better angle to push more than a fingertip in. "This is also a money making machine do you understand?" I said.
"You mean I have to have sex with 26 men?" she asked.
"No dumb whore, you're at the beginning of a long journey, but be under no illusions that if I want to loan you out I will do, but first we need to get you in to work, at work opportunities have a habit of arising don't they old whore?" I said pushing Alice off me.
"Stand, you're done," I said pulling her close for a deep tongue kiss," enjoy your month off," I told her when we broke the kiss.
I turned to Alice, "That's why I've found you a barmaid job at the White Star, you start tonight," I told her as her face dropped.
"What about college?" she asked.
"You don't go anymore, your mothers pussy has earned enough for that not to be a problem for now, and anyway you'll be earning your own money soon enough," I told her as she looked at me totally dismayed.
"Don't worry, it'll be a great opportunity for you to gain valuable experience for the bigger, better paying positions," I laughed. "Relax for the day I'll take you there for seven, that's when you start," I said before crashing on the sofa.
Later that evening
Alice was almost ready for her first shift at the White Star, she was just applying her make up in the bathroom mirror and we'd be off. It was hard for both Fiona and Alice to leave the house in respectable clothing now, I'd literally thrown most of it out and replaced it with slutty options.
That's why she was in a small black skirt which finished at least four inches above her knees and hugged her firm bottom brilliantly; she wore white converse pumps on her bare feet.
I'd found a suitable white top that had a big V at the front showing off her perfect cleavage and the edges of the frilly white bra. Her hair was up and pulled back so that nothing could hide the view of her breasts.
We set off on the six mile journey towards the pub in the direction of town. Silence remained throughout the journey and even as we approached the pubs entrance she still hadn't spoke, too late now anyway I thought.
Those that have been following the stories should remember when Fiona was fucked in the cricket hut by a group of parents one of those parents was John Vann a very well-endowed villager that happened to be a barman, and funnily enough he was a barman at the White Star that I'd just entered followed by Alice.
The pub itself was not one of the best in our area and had a bit of a reputation for a few naughty goings on, perfect for Alice to work at I thought so had contacted John a week or so ago.
I'd explained the situation and he ensured me he'd have a word with the gaffer and get her a job on his rota, that why he would be able to follow my instructions to gradually get Alice involved in work place fucking situations. On one condition he told me.
"I want to fuck that big titty slut again," he told me.
"Done," I'd told him; after she'd had her month off she would be his for a whole night.
So that's how I was now stood at the bar chatting to John as he poured me a pint and Alice joined him behind the bar.
"Just watch for now and collect glasses, do you think you can do that?" he said looking her up and down and giving her a lecherous smirk.
"Yes I can do that," she said.
"Good, collect the glasses in the bar area, over there through that door and to the left," he said to her.
A moment later a chorus of wolf whistles and cheers could be heard from the other room, john looked at me and smiled, "She's a hit with the locals already, they'll love her working here," he laughed.
"I'm sure they will John, take it nice and steady with the whore she's only eighteen and I don't want he scared off too soon, she'll do as she's told though she's well in to her training," I told him.
"Leave it with me," he winked and set off to serve some customers on the other end of the bar.
I spent that first night sat at a table between the two rooms and watched her learn the ropes from John, nothing untoward came from John but she did endure all the usual banter from a group of lads in the bar which I expected but Alice seemed quite scared of the boisterous attention.
She told me on the way home that she'd had her arse slapped a few times and she'd been told by a few of the lads already what they'd like to do to her, this place was perfect for Alice.
The plan was she'd be left alone for a couple of weeks to settle in and find her feet, time to let her forget why she was actually there in the first place, then John who was to be my principle accomplice and her 'work tormentor' should we say would begin to push the boundaries.
It started off in week three when John sent a text saying he was complementing her on her appearance and rubbing up against her when possible, this had escalated by the Wednesday to him saying he'd began blatantly placing his hands on her arse and holding them there.
He text me Friday morning saying I should pop by for a beer tonight as he'd cooked up a plan, I was intrigued but got assurances he hadn't told anybody else about our little deal yet.
"No of course, it's just a little something to kick start things that's all," he said.
So I was sat in the bar and watched her working away, she was a good barmaid, the locals liked her and she seemed like she was enjoying herself, the money was slightly better than normal thanks to John having a word so she was happy enough, at the minute.
A couple walked in and I recognised the man instantly, it was Paul Grewcock, the man who had fucked Fiona in the pub car park with Nigel the teacher and helped orchestrate Fiona's arrival at the cricket pavilion.
The woman on his arm was the same woman who had rung Fiona asking her to meat at the pavilion before she was tossed to the parents and triple teamed, John winked at me as they sat down. I was starting to piece together his plan but still lacked the details.
Towards the end of the evening, around about ten fifteen I heard Paul's woman shout something at Alice who then scurried away looking worried. The woman then spent time at the bar speaking to John.
John called Alice over and they disappeared behind the door which led to the upstairs. She came out five minutes later looking very shaken and tears were visible in her eyes, she quickly turned away from my gaze and carried on working but avoided Paul and his woman.
They left at eleven and the pub cleared out by about midnight with john booting out one or two stragglers who had certainly had too much. I approached the bar as I always did when I left with Alice and asked if she was ready.
"Not yet, John needs to have a word with me, that woman accused me of flashing my knickers at her man, I didn't owner honestly I knew his daughter I wouldn't do that," she began telling me in a panicked voice.
I now understood John's plan
"It's not me you've got to convince, I'll wait in the car," I said and left her in the pub.
John had text me moments before I spoke to Alice telling me to wait in the car but to drive up near the right hand side window.
I pulled up where John had advised me and a few minutes later I saw John walk over to that area and sit down and light up a fag, Alice went to sit and I saw him hold up his hand and she stopped herself and stood up in front of him.
There was then some sort of telling off from John as he did a lot of pointing at Alice and she lowered her eyes to the floor, he finished his fag and flicked it out the front window he opened and then pulled shut. He then said something to Alice and she looked around, left and right and behind her a worried look on her face.
John then said something else and pointed at her chest and her hands took the bottom of her tight blue top. She raised it slowly first showing of her fantastic washboard tanned stomach and eventually she lifted it over her black bra covered boobs until her top rested on the top of her cleavage.
He then looked at her and pointed at her bottom half.
Her hands found the bottom of her small skirt and that to was hiked up over her bum and hips until it sat round her small slender waist. Only a small string was visible around her waist indicating she was wearing a thong which John was now getting to see up close.
He then stood up and walked the few places towards her and towered over her, he was a big man at over six foot compared to Alice's tiny frame. He looked down at her a smiled and then reached up and pulled the front down on both sides of her bra freeing her pert breasts.
He stepped back and had a good look and then reached for both nipples at the same time and I watched her wince as he pulled them towards him lifting her breasts before dropping them. He then walked past her leaving her to dress and leave.
Over the next two weeks this is a ritual that took place each time he pushed her further, I'd pull in front of the pub and watch Alice gradually reveal more of her young body to John until this night where I sat watching as she stripped totally naked for him.
John stood up in front of her and instead of running his big hands over her body like he had for the last few nights he said something to her and her hands reached for his belt.
Tonight was the night things changed at work for Alice.