Last summer me and my bf were traveling around Hvar in Croatia. One day my bf suggested renting a boat and traveling around the small islands close by. He even suggested checking out a nude beach on one of them. I was surprised as we had never done anything like that before and also a little suspicious. I asked him if he only wanted to see some naked girls but he said no. Before we left that day he gave me a little present. I opened it up to find a tiny thong bikini. I laughed at the boldness of it but told him it was too small. He told me firmly to go put it on!! I was surprised but I must admit I like it a bit when he gets bossy with me. So I put it on under my dress and we both headed out for the day.
We rented our boat and as soon as we got out of the harbor my bf told me to take off my dress. I argued but he insisted. I took me dress off with a little shake of my ass for good measure. We pulled up in the middle of the sea and did some sunbathing on the front of the boat. I got a few honks and cheers from other boats going by when they saw my tiny thong. We then went exploring some of the islands. Most of the time there was not many people on them but to my embarrassment my bf would not let me put my dress back on as we walked around. I was embarrassed by i could also feel myself getting wet due to the exposure.
My bf was very persistent about checking out the nude beach even though it was a bit far away. Eventually I agreed and we headed off. It took us a while to get there and it was very stressful docking the boat as it seemed busy at the peer. We walked through the forest to get to the other side of the island where the beach was. When we got there though I could see my bf was disappointed as when we looked down at the beach there wasn't many nude people. It was a small beach but very busy. When I looked down a could see lots of couples and groups of young girls. Then I noticed something funny about the beach. Nearly all the men were completely nude and a couple of older women. The rest of the girls had bikinis on or were topless. I gave a little laugh and said this to my bf. He didn't seem too happy about it but I told him I liked the arrangement. He turned to me and said he thinks we should go explore somewhere else. I looked at him and gave a little chuckle. Now it was my turn to be bossy!!
I told him we had traveled all the way out here because he wanted to go here and that we had already spent enough time on the boat. I told him we were staying and that he better get those shorts off before gave him a smack on the bum. He laughed at that but I could tell he was nervous. He said he would wait and see how he felt when we got settled about getting nude. Why come all the way out here if you weren't going to get naked I said. He was starting to look a little sheepish which i was really enjoying. With that I leaned in and whispered that if he didn't take his shorts off I was going to do it for him. He looked back at me nervous now and asked if I was going to get nude but i told him I wanted to keep wearing the gift he had gotten me. "Come on Hurry Up" I said. To my surprise he started to pull his shorts down. With that his big cock game springing out of the shorts. I could see he was getting a little swollen so I knew on some lever he was aroused. I put out my hand, took his shorts and put them straight into my bag. Then i gave him a long look up and down. He was very sexy and I felt myself getting wet at him being exposed. I gave him a deep kiss and felt his cock twitch against me. Then I gave him a little slap on the bum, grabbed his hand and began marching him down towards the beach.
I intentionally took ages finding us a spot as I loved showing him off. Eventually I got us a spot beside a group of girls. For the rest of the day I went about teasing him as much as I could. I made him rub oil on me then I'd do the same to him. One time I even slipped a little finger into his ass so he knew who was in charge. I loved when he got a hard on and then had to roll over. I even sent him up to the bar as often as possible completely naked to get us drinks.
As it got later the beach became a lot more empty. Eventually there was only couples left and it became very intimate. Other couples were touching and teasing each other now. My pussy was soaking wet after the day teasing him. He asked if it was time to go but I leaned in and whispered not yet!! I then reached down and grabbed his cock. He tried to tell me to stop but he was rock hard in my hand. I told him to relax!! His cock was oozing pre cum now after the long day of teasing. I bent over and liked it all up and then gave him a big wet kiss. I could tell he was embarrassed but really turned on. I was dripping through my thong myself. Other couples were watching eagerly but I was too tipsy now to care. I then slipped my other hand between his legs and started to finger his ass. He tried to resist again but I gave him a knowing smile. He knew he need to come and was trying to feign resistance. He was groaning so much that I knew he was getting closer and closer. I told him he was such a good boy for letting me jerk him off and play with his ass in front of all these people. He didn't take long at all after that before he exploded all over himself. I gave him a big kiss and told him to go clean himself in the sea. He sheepishly went down to the water then.
We soon walked back to the boat and I kept him naked the whole journey back. I loved the whole experience because he was normally the one in control in the bedroom. I loved being the one giving the orders for one. Haha I know he enjoyed it as well even if he wont admit it. In the end he tried to get some pay back but that was another day!! Hope people enjoy my story and if any other sexy ladies have done something similar to their bf please do tell in comments!! XOXOXOXO