In 2018 my husband and I took our first trip to a resort in Jamaica. He planned the whole trip and kept the details to himself claiming it was to be a surprise. I really looked forward to getting away, just the two of us where we could enjoy being pampered. I'd always heard Jamaica had beautiful beaches and crystal clear water. He assured me we would have the time of our lives.
We departed the mainland US with a stopover in Port Rico. Then it was off to our final destination. When we arrived at the airport in Jamaica, the hotel shuttle picked us up and took us to the hotel. Upon arriving on the resort grounds, I was really taken back by the beauty of it. The landscape and the amenities, at least from what I could see leading up to the hotel itself were gorgeous.
As we pulled up to reservation checkin, it finally struck me what kind of resort we were going to be staying at. There were nude people walking around the hotel lobby. That's why he didn't provide any details about the trip, he was right, it was a surprise alright. I looked at him and gave him the look that plainly states, are you kidding me. He looked at me with a big grin on his face, took my hand and gave it a kiss.
Our bags were brought in and laid at the reservation desk as we checked in. All of the guests in the lobby were nude, including a few parents with their kids. I assumed they were at least eighteen but I couldn't really tell by just looking at them. I turned to my husband and asked him if this was a family resort. He nodded but indicated everyone had to be at least eighteen years old. Ok that was a relief. I felt a little weird as a couple of nude teens walked by and acknowledged us as they passed, a boy and girl seemingly completely at ease.
The porter took our bags and led us to our room. Upon entering, I was pleasantly surprised how lovely the accommodations were. It was a suite with a king size bed, large bathroom with a walk-in shower and French doors off the master bedroom leading to a patio where there was seating. The room was at ground level and the view was breathtaking. I immediately thought to myself, I think I'm really going to like it here after all.
My husband tipped the porter and he left. I still had to give my husband a piece of my mind for not letting me in on the kind or resort we were staying at. I told that I could have packed a lot lighter I said with a smile. We both had a laugh and decided to get undressed and take a walk around the resort to check out the amenities.
As I undressed, I looked in the full length mirror checking out my body features. I noticed I had gained a little weight so I was looking a little plump and I had a full bush. I sincerely hoped there would be similar body types as mine at the resort. The couples I saw in the lobby with their kids were in pretty good shape. I pushed the thought out of my mind and prepared for our walk.
Exiting through the french doors, I saw a couples sitting outside on their patios on either side of our room. One couple was, I would say in their fifties and the other in their forties. As chance would have it, it was the couple from the lobby with the two teenagers. We made our introductions and proceeded to stroll out to the beach. It was fairly crowed, bodies of all types, young and old.
As we strolled along the beach, I couldn't help but notice some of the young guys walking along by themselves had generous size cocks swinging back a forth between their legs. For someone that young to be so well endowed, I could only imagine how they would appear hard.
I had to turn my attention to the waves crashing on the beach before I became to excited. I feared my nipples were already giving me away. I don't know if my husband noticed my stares or not. It's a very good thing he couldn't read my mind!
How does one not get excited, in situations like this? I could see my husband was losing himself in thought as we stopped to chat and I caught him looking over at a girl, maybe twenty, laying on her back tanning with her legs parted leaving nothing to the imagination. I motioned for us to continue our stroll down the beach keeping him from having an embarrassing moment. It started getting late and we still hadn't eaten so we headed back towards our room.
As we approached our room, the couples on either side had gone, presumably to have dinner. We went to dinner as well and enjoyed a fabulous meal. After finishing our meal we decided to head back to our room for a night cap before retiring for the evening. Fixing ourselves a drink, we went back out on the patio to relax.
As we walked out, we were caught by surprise as the two teenagers in the room next to us were out on their patio. The girl was sitting across from her brother with her legs spread wide apart with two fingers in her pussy, using the index finger from her other hand to run circles around her exposed clit. Her brother was stroking his cock as her watched her. When they saw us come out of our room they stopped what they were doing and hurriedly went inside.
I've never eaten pussy before but I imagined kneeling down eating her pussy while her brother filled mine with his hard cock. I have no idea why that thought popped into my head. I was going to have a hard time controlling my thoughts with all this nudity around me twenty-four seven. As we sat down and looked at each other, we couldn't find any words, so we sat in silence.
As I sat there, I just couldn't get that image out of my mind, her delicious neatly trimmed pussy completely exposed, I wanted so badly to taste it. I wondered if I would catch her again, since we still had several days remaining at the resort. Their parents must have been out for a walk or still at dinner. What would have happened if they had seen them? Have they caught them doing that before? All these questions popped into my head.
My husband was exhausted from the days activity and decided to retire for the evening. Still having part of my drink left to finish, I decided to remain on the patio. Thinking about the girls pussy, I reached down between my legs and began toying with my clit. As it began to swell, I opened my legs wider and using my other hand, inserted two fingers. I manipulated my self into an orgasm, moaning all the while.
As I climaxed I heard moaning coming from the room next door. As I looked over, the teenage boy shot a load of cum onto his patio. He must have been standing there all along watching me masturbate. When he saw me look in his direction, he quickly went back inside. I was flattered that he found me hot enough to ejaculate while watching me.
Being exhausted myself, I decided to go to bed as well. I entered our room to find my husband snoring away. Needless to say I was somewhat disappointed I couldn't share my experience on the patio with him. I think he would have thought it was hot.
The next morning we ventured out for a day at the beach. We pulled up a couple of lounge chairs next to an umbrella. Put our towels down and began relaxing. We both lathered up with sunscreen and began people watching. One of my favorite past times. Everybody was enjoying the relaxation and sun. My husband said he was going to get us some drinks and I assumed went to the outside bar.
Feeling a bit adventurous, I decide to put my knees up and part my legs to see if I could draw any attention. I could feel the warm sun hitting my pussy which made me want to part them further, not to be too obvious though. I had my sunglasses on so people couldn't see that my eyes were open seeing who was checking me out. I began to get horny by the number of stares I got.
The next thing I knew, I turned my head to see a very nice looking flaccid cock standing beside me. I looked up, it was the boy from the room next to us holding a drink. He told me my husband asked him to bring it over. As he handed me the drink he walked in front of me to view my fully exposed pussy. I remained in that position allowing him to stare, hoping he enjoyed the view.
I don't know if he could see my juice beginning to leak out but I could certainly feel it along with my clit peaking out from under its hood. I noticed his cock was turning to a semi-erect state when he suddenly walked away. I had to catch my breath, I felt like I had been holding it the whole time. I closed my eyes and suddenly had a vision of him standing beside me with his hard cock in my mouth, cumming with loads of hot creaminess for me to swallow. I needed get that image out of my mind before I started masturbating right there on the beach where everyone could see me.
My husband came back and sat down beside me. He turned to me and said I see Joey brought over your drink. I thought who's Joey and realized that must be the boys name. I told him that yes he did indeed. I was so horny now, I would've welcomed anyone or more of the guys out there on the beach to come and take me.
What made it even better is that my husband arranged for Joey to bring the drink to me. Am I turning into a cougar?
For the rest of the day my husband encouraged me to make every effort to expose my milf body to all the young guys walking up and down the beach. We moved our chairs closer to the water so I would be noticed more easily. A woman can get away with sitting with her legs open because it's interpreted as trying to get a tan on our nether regions. Taking advantage of that, I I prop my legs up on the sides of the chase lounge and left absolutely nothing to the imagination.
It wouldn't be long before a group of three guys who looked to be in their teens stopped in front of our chairs. Trying not to be too conspicuous, they pretended to carry on a conversation while stealing glances in my direction. I had my sunglasses on so they couldn't tell I was looking at them the whole time. I decided to give them a bit of a show.
I reached down a picked up my tanning lotion, opening my legs as wide as I could, I placed some lotion in my hand and reached down to my bush and slowly rubbed it over it. Then I moved both hands between my legs on either side of my exposed pussy. By gently massaging the lotion in, it appeared I inadvertently pulled my womanhood open exposing my generous open canal. I heard one of them exclaim "oh my god". Erections on all three sprang to life.
It made me so horny to know I could have an affect on young guys, especially being so much older and a bit chubby. When I looked over at my husband to gage his reaction I saw he was trying to conceal an erection himself. I felt like a slutty exhibitionist and loved it. I saw two older men, probably in their late forties, peering over at me. I couldn't afford to draw a crowd and I desperately needed to cool off, I interrupted my show, got up and walked past the boys to the water. I think if my husband hadn't been sitting there they would have joined me.
The boys took that as a signal to move on and they did. Was I just being a cock tease or would I really go through with having several much younger guys use me like a slut? Would my husband allow it? All these thoughts ran through my mind as the waves crashed against my belly in the warm summer air. After all, being married as long as we were, having some new energetic cock in my well used pussy would be a welcome change. Would they like a mature woman to show them some new experiences?
I also wondered wether sex was permitted on public areas of the resort. I know some resorts provide areas where sexual activity is allowed. Did this resort have such an area, if so I would be able to check it out and troll for some young cock or cocks to have fun with? Maybe my husband would be interested in watching his wife suck young cock and be fucked by several of them. The more I thought about it, the more I had the urge to follow through with it.
The thought of young seed in this mature pussy was getting me hornier than ever. As I pondered this thought, who would return to the area I was in and get in the water next to me, but the young guys I had been giving a show to earlier. They couldn't have been more than nineteen. They had raging hardons as they entered the water. Did my husband see that before they were in deep enough to conceal their erections?
As they chatted with one another they moved closer in my direction until they were standing next to me. We were only up to our waists in the water so my breasts with rock hard nipples were the object of their fascination. What lay just below the surface where the three hard cocks and they were the object of my fascination. I wondered what was going through their minds as they began a conversation with me.
During the course of our conversation, I learned that two were brothers, ages eighteen and twenty and a cousin of theirs who was nineteen. As the waves receded I could see their erections as plain as day. I looked over at my husband and he looked like he was sound asleep in his chair. I was so horny I felt bold enough to take the boys hard cocks one in each hand. I got an immediate reaction of "oh my god". I let go instantly thinking something was wrong and apologized.
They were just surprised and asked me to do it agin. So I reached down and held one in each hand. I looked at their faces as I stroked them back and forth. As an adult, I had forgotten what young cock felt like. Within moments I could feel them stiffen, then pulsating as their semen spewed from the tips of their hard cocks. Quickly returning to their flaccid state, I released them. The third was the eighteen year old, I brought him close to me, face to face and allowed his cock to slide between my legs. I closed my legs around his cock and began moving back and forth gently and slowly until I felt his hot cum between my legs. As I did, I couldn't control myself either letting out a moan cumming at the same time all over his rigid pole finally feeling the release I desperately needed.
Looking over at my husband to see if he witnessed any of this, I was pretty embarrassed by seeing him leaning forward on his chair looking directly at us with a smile on is face. The boys and I remained in the water talking a bit longer about the usual stuff, where are you from, how long are you staying, are you here with family, etc.
Interestingly enough, they were here with their uncle who had always wanted to visit a nudist resort but could never entice his wife to attend. Out of curiosity I asked how old his uncle was and found out he was fifty-one. They pointed him out laying on the beach not too far away. He seemed to be asleep catching some sun, laying on his back on a towel. From my vantage point, I could only see his body which was completely tanned, no tan lines, with dark curly black hair covering him. With his legs slightly parted and I could see his large cock with its head touching the towel even tough it was limp.
We decided to get out of the water not addressing what had just happened. I returned to my chair next to my husband and they went for a walk down the beach. When I sat down, I asked my husband how much he saw of what we were doing, his comment with a smile was, pretty much all of it. I told him I just couldn't help myself being surrounded by three such beautiful young cocks. He told me with a smile, that was the purpose of this vacation, to have the time of our lives.
Curiosity had the better of me now, so I asked if he knew whether they had an area set aside where sexual activity was permitted since I was sure it was frowned upon in public on the nude beach. In response, he said as it so happens there is an area dedicated to such activity. Do I have the courage?