To understand how this adventure began you need to read the first story, "Our lucky weekend." This chapter can stand alone, but you would like it better if you read the other first, or later. The following is how our life changed after winning the lottery. Not all chapters are full of hot steaming sex but they make good reading and lead into other parts. Enjoy!
*
If you watch the news, the normal big money lottery winner is a 70 year old toothless couple living in a trailer in the south someplace. Not this time. The south part is right, but that is about all.
Several years ago, we hit the lottery for big money, really big money. We wanted to stay out of the media, but we had to consent for them to take our picture and interview us before they would give us the money. So for the next year or so we had to put up with the fruits, nuts and flakes, or the granola bars as I called them, that called and came by the house all the time wanting a hand out. No matter how many times we changed our phone number, they still got it. After we built the house and moved, we got rid of most of them.
My name is James and my wife is Dawn. For lottery winners, we don't fit the norm. We are in our thirties and I would say in the upper well educated middle class. Our friends always made fun of us for playing the lottery since we didn't really need the money, but we did it just for fun when we were on our trips and always told them it helped support the schools.
I have a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology and work in a hospital setting. Dawn is a surgical nurse with an advanced degree working for a well known reconstructive plastic surgeon. We live well now, have a nice house and cars and no kids. Dawn is 5' 2" tall, long beautiful black hair and a perfect petite body you would kill for. She has a nice set of C breasts and a beautiful ass. I am 6' 5", attractive I have been told and well proportioned; all of my body is well proportioned to my height.
Dawn and I met in a prestigious university in the south. I was working on my doctorate and she was working on an advanced graduate degree in surgical nursing. Both our parents had enough money to put us through college with the help of student loans. Dawn finished graduate school when she was about 25 and went straight to work, she is very talented and paid well. We got married the year after I graduated and started my residence. After several years in residence, I went to work in the university hospital where Dawn already worked, I also taught part time at the university.
Within a few years after our marriage we each had settled down in our careers and the money was good. We ran in the same circles with the doctors and lawyers in town and partied regularly with this bunch. Most of them made a lot more money than we did, but they were still a good crowd.
Like I said, several years ago we hit the lottery big, almost a record jackpot at that time. We took the money in a lump sum and gave some away and invested the rest well. Our friends knew about the money and many helped us make the right connections to invest and protect it. After we got the money, we both cut way back on our hours, all I could do now was teach because of the threat of lawsuits, but Dawn really liked her work and worked more than I did. Beyond that, we decided to live smart and well. We built a big house and bought ourselves nice cars.
We have always had a good sex life, but with more time to spend with each other we had started having an excellent sex life. Dawn had opened up even more sexually and become even more adventurous, but nothing outside our marriage for us. When we built the house, we had equipped it with a very nice gym as well as a large pool and several hot tubs. Dawn had noticed the few pounds she had put on while working too many long hours and realized, although still hot, her shape had suffered some. She began working out a lot in the gym, lost the extra pounds and moved everything back in place after 6 months of working and swimming. She now had an even sexier incredible tight body.
Since the house was located on a very large piece of property, Dawn was now able to swim and sun bathe in the nude, something she had always wanted to be able to do. She had acquired a beautiful full body tan and liked to work out in the gym and wander around the house naked. She knew it drove me nuts and it usually ended in long boughts of hot sex.
One weekend in August, we threw a big party at our new house. It had been about 9 months since we had finished the house and our friends had been bugging us to see it so we thought we would throw a pool/dinner party. We invited all the couples we normally partied with and since it was going to be a hot afternoon we told everyone to bring their bathing suits. The party was to start on a Saturday about 2:00 in the afternoon, but we had told everyone to come when they wanted and dinner would be at 7:00. We were expecting about 10 couples so the dinner was catered.
The doctor Dawn worked for, John and his wife Carol arrived about 2:00, the other couples appeared shortly after until everyone was there by 3:00. The couples we knew were nice looking people and the women were very attractive, they ranged in age from late twenties to early fourties.
Everyone wanted to see the house and was wandering around upstairs and down. Our very large bedroom and bath were upstairs. Many of the couples were surprised to see how large the house was and how well it had been decorated. Having been to most of their houses, ours was a bit large and better furnished. Dawn had spent a lot of time with an unlimited budget and several designers building and furnishing the house and property.
As I said, Dawn had become even more adventurous. One of the things that Dawn had left out in the house for the party was some rather exposing photos of her that I had taken. They were all very tasteful large black and white photographs. Most were of her in some very sexy lingerie, but a few showed a little more skin than I thought she would want others to see. I had asked her if she wanted to take them down, but she said no, I think she was rather proud of her body and all the work she had put into it. I was really surprised she left all of them up. The more revealing photos were in our bedroom. As I had shown several of the couples around the house, I noticed that many of the men and women commented on the pictures, the men taking long looks.
Our bedroom is very large and the attached bath is also large and is all marble and glass. I saw several of our friends whispering to each other as they left the bathroom. One item that was in our bedroom that got a few stares was black tantra chair that sat in front of the large French doors leading out to the large upstairs deck and hot tub. Everybody commented on the shape and design of the 'strange' chair.
When John and Carol came up to the bedroom, I was showing another couple around. They toured the bedroom and bath and came out to the see the deck were I was talking to the other couple. Carol commented that we had an unusual piece of furniture, John said he thought he had seen the chair in a magazine before and wondered where we got it. Carol asked Dawn if there was anything special about the chair. She looked at both John and Carol and said straight forward that it was where we had our best sex. The two of them looked a little stunned when Dawn said that it was especially built for various sexual positions.
I watched the expressions on their faces as they looked at Dawn then me then back at the chair. A smile came over John's face when he looked back at me. The other couple, Keith and his wife Elizabeth was standing at each end of the chair and were looking puzzled at each other.
With every in the bedroom now Keith looked at me and said, "I don't see how you can have sex on this thing."
Keith and his wife Elizabeth were younger than us and is a cool couple.
Dawn looked at them and said, "There is a video that shows all the positions, would you like to see it?"
The chair comes with a DVD that is very well made and about 30 minutes long, it shows all the different sexual positions including the oral ones in complete detail with a nice musical background.
"After dinner, why don't you come back up and watch it," Dawn said.
"We would love to," came from John.
I led everyone out of the bedroom and back downstairs. When we got back downstairs, I pulled Dawn aside and asked, "What were you thinking of?"
"I just thought they would like to see how to use the chair."
She smiled and walked away toward the main room. I mingled with all the other guest, liquor was flowing and everyone was commenting on the house. Several couples were missing, I assumed they were wandering around the house someplace. There were about 10 people standing around the pool admiring the natural stone surroundings and the 10ft waterfall grotto at the end of the pool.
I talked with everyone for about 20 minutes when Dawn came out. She had changed into a not so modest white bikini with a thin white wrap around her waist. All then men inside were staring at her as she walked out of the house on her way to the pool. In her skimpy bikini the men knew she must be sunbathing in the nude.
"It's hot everyone, change into your bathing suits and let's get in the pool!" She announced.
"If you didn't bring bathing suits, there is an assortment laid out on the beds in the downstairs bedrooms you can change into."
It was about 4:30 and in our part of the country, it was the hottest time of day. I heard 'good idea' from several couples. Some had asked Dawn or myself which way to the bedrooms to change and we pointed them out. Most had brought suits with them at Dawn's encouragement.
One of Dawn's nurse friends Amy asked Dawn if she had an extra suit, she hadn't brought hers but wanted to check out the pool. Amy was about the same size as Dawn except she was a full D cup. She is a little taller than Dawn with long beautiful red hair. Dawn took her by the hand and escorted her back up the stairs to I guessed our bedroom to find her a suit. Amy had a nice ass to go along with the D cup tits and had worn a mini-skirt to the party and a halter top.
I had already checked out her cleavage while showing her around the house. Dawn wasn't the jealous type, but I didn't want her to see me looking at Amy. As the two of them went up the stairs, I was thinking that there was no way any of Dawn's bikini tops were going to fully cover those huge tits.
I turned back to the guest and encouraged more of them to change and pointed out other bathrooms and the pool house where they could change. Only a few of the couples decided they didn't want to swim.
I went to the pool and sat down in one of the lounge chairs with a beer. A few minutes went by and people started coming out to the pool. The bathing suits varied from skimpy two piece bikinis, thongs and one piece suits to Speedos and shorts on the men. I thought to myself that all of the people were very nice looking. All of the women were hot and most didn't mind showing it off.
Almost everyone had a drink in their hand and some were slipping into the pool and others were slipping into the hot tubs. After about 20 minutes I looked for Dawn and Amy, I wanted to see what Amy had ended up wearing, they were not around. I knew Dawn wouldn't be in the water because I knew for a fact that the bikini she was wearing would become transparent as soon as it got wet.
There was a lot of laughter and horse play going on and everyone seemed to be having a good time; about that time Dawn and Amy appeared.
When Dawn and Amy stepped out of the house the men just stopped and watched. Dawn had somehow gotten Amy to wear one of her skimpier bikinis. The top just barely covered her nipples, the bottom was a small thong. A few of the other women had thongs on, but Amy's front was barely covered.
The bikini was emerald green and looked great in more ways than one on Amy. Amy was single so she had no boyfriend or husband to say anything. They walked up to where I sat, Dawn had a big shit eating grin on her face and Amy looked a little embarrassed.
Dawn looked at me and I looked at Amy. There she was in all her glory with that alabaster white skin that only natural red heads have, I looked Amy up and down. Her nice ass was showing very well, I figured she must have very little pubic hair because the bottom of the bikini exposed a lot of her mound.
I took a long look at her large tits and noticed that she had rather large nipples that were erect and poking up inside the top. I looked at Dawn and noticed her nipples were nice and swollen also. Amy sat down in a chair across from me under the sun umbrella.
"I am not getting in that hot sun and burning," Amy said.
I didn't blame her. Dawn had left the wrap behind and was now looking very hot in her white bikini and tan.
Dawn wandered off leaving Amy with me and went to visit everyone around the pool area. She stopped and talked with John and Carol for a few minutes and then she pointed over to the waterfall and walked off to talk to someone else. John and Carol started moving toward the waterfall.
The waterfall at the end of the pool was about 10 feet wide and high and fell down over the opening of a grotto like area that was behind the water. It was 3 to 4 feet deep behind it and there were seats underwater around the edges to sit on. When the water was on, you could not see behind the waterfall unless it was dark and the lights were on, then only shadows.
Dawn walked around to the steps on the side of the pool and took several steps into the water near Keith and his wife sitting on the steps. I watched closely because I knew she would not get that suit wet. The other couple was sitting in the water on the lower steps, the water came up to about their chests. Dawn kept moving down the steps until the water was covering about half of the bottom of her bikini.
I thought this was going to be interesting because she was facing them. I knew when she stepped up a step the bottom of that suit was going to be see through. Even dry, everyone could see her small tuft of black hair through the bikini. She stood in the water covering just her pussy and mound for a minute then stepped back up one step and continued to face them and talk. Keith was a young doctor that worked with Doctor John, I knew Keith flirted with Dawn some at work, so did John.
Keith looked down from Dawn's eyes to the water and that was where his eyes stayed. I knew he was looking at my wife's pussy and small tuft of black hair through the wet bikini. He just continued to stare for a few minutes while his wife continued talking to Dawn. His wife turned to him, I think she had said something and he had not responded, she looked at his face then looked to see what he was staring at and then back to him and elbowed him rather sternly. He jumped and looked up at Dawn and then at his wife. His wife was giving him a rather harsh look. She looked back up at Dawn and smiled and then looked back to her husband then giggled. She said something to Dawn and they all laughed. Dawn stepped up and onto the pool deck. I looked at Dawn and she turned toward me and in a very deliberate fashion and pulled the front of her bikini out and let it go, trying to separate the transparent fabric from her snatch, she then turned and walked away. The move had help conceal her pussy but the crack of her tanned ass was clearly visible through the wet fabric.
I looked back at Keith and Elizabeth and they were embraced in a passionate kiss and I saw each of their hands reach over to the other's crotch, Dawn had really stirred the two of them up. I looked around the pool area and saw some other couples talking to each other and one or two making out. I got up and walked around and talked to the some of them for a while.
It was about 6:45 when Dawn appeared with her wrap back in place around her waist and announced that dinner would be ready in a about 15 minutes if anyone wanted to change. One of the guest asked if it would be okay to eat in their suits because they wanted to come back to the pool after the hot sun went down, Dawn said it would be fine. A few couples got out of the pool and went to change out of their suits. Several stopped and said something to Dawn on the way back in, she nodded and they went on into the house.
As everyone began to move toward the edge of the pool, Dawn announced, "Everyone take your time and dry off and get a drink, sit down for dinner when you are ready."
I stopped and told Dawn she had put on a good show for Keith and his wife, she looked at me and said she thought they enjoyed it. I told her I was going upstairs to change and headed toward the house. Dawn grabbed my arm and told me to get a robe out of the pool house instead of going upstairs and then she winked.
As I walked around the patio to the pool house, I noticed John and Carol coming out from behind the waterfall and then Keith and his wife. I wondered what had been going on behind the water fall.
Eventually everyone moved to the huge dining room off of the den and sat down at the massive table we had put in there for very large crowds. I had been sitting at the table for a while when I saw one couple coming down the stairs from the bedrooms. I looked at the clock and it was about 7:15. They looked a little uneasy as they came down the stairs. When they sat down, they got a few looks and smiles from some of the other couples. Many of the other couples that were there we had known for a long time and were quite outgoing and loving to each other. At other parties, Dawn and I had noticed some of them disappearing into bedrooms. We had known what was happening because we had walked in on several of them while Dawn and I were looking for a place to fool around.
I had no doubts as to where some of them had disappeared to during the day after they got out of the pool. The house had 6 bedrooms and various other places they could have gone.
Dinner went on until about 9:30, everyone eating and laughing and sobering up some from the afternoon of drinking. There were couples still in skimpy bathing suits, the ones that had not changed and others in robes and wraps we had supplied. It seemed as if the party was going well and everyone was having a good time. The food was great and the caterers had waited on everyone nicely.
They had cleared the table and everyone was finishing dessert and coffee, some of the people began to get up from the table and move to the furniture in the huge den. A few of the couples said good night to Dawn and I and said they needed to go because of their kids. About 10:30, it appeared that everyone who wanted to leave had and the rest were comfortable sitting around talking and flirting, the drinks had begun to appear again.
The lights had come on outside and the pool and the surrounding landscape was all lit up. About half the couples had moved back outside. With the house being secluded several of the couples had moved into the pool and other areas of the back yard and were fooling around. One couple had walked out to the gazebo that was partially secluded from the house but still well lit.
I noticed that the couples outside where kissing and hugging and I saw a few hands squeezing and grabbing each other's body parts. I looked at Dawn and gave her a curious look, she stood up and came and sat on the couch beside me.
I whispered in her ear, "What is going on with everyone?"
She leaned into my ear and began to whisper. "When I invited everyone to the party, I told them to come and enjoy the house and grounds as well as each other if they wished since the house was secluded and only the other couples would be here."
"I suspect some have been sneaking off into the bedrooms and the pool house," I told her.
"I hope so, that was what I had in mind. I hope you don't mind."
At the other parties people had to sneak off and could not go outside because the houses were in the middle of large neighborhoods. Dawn wanted them to feel at home here. I told her it looked as if many were feeling at home.
I knew Dawn had been growing bolder with her appearance and sexuality lately, but I was beginning to wonder where all this was going. John and Carol walked over to the couch we were sitting on and set down on each side of us, Carol beside me and John beside Dawn.
Carol looked at me and said, "I was wondering if you would show us that video now?"
"What video?"
"The video about the sex chair," Carol said.
I had forgotten about that, I said 'sure'. They got up and motioned for the other couple that had been in the bedroom when we were discussing the sex chair and we headed toward the stairs.
I looked at Dawn and asked, "Where is this going?"
"I don't know but let's see."
We got up and headed up the stairs behind the two couples. I got a chance to admire Carol's and Elizabeth's nice asses as I went. We left several other couples alone downstairs.
John, Carol and the other couple were still in their bathing suits, as were Dawn and I. As we entered the bedroom, the other couple, Keith and Elizabeth, sat on the side of our king size bed, John and Carol sat on the love seat over by the tantra chair. On the wall across from the foot of the bed there was a 60 inch TV. I asked if everyone was comfortable and they said yes.
John asked were we had found the chair. I told him that there was a web-site where they were sold and he could just search for it on the internet. We were actually shopping for some new porn and toys when we ran across it.
"What do you do on it?" Elizabeth asked. "I can't see how you could have sex on it?"
If you have never seen a tantra chair, it looks like a half of a big S lying on its side.
"I will let you watch the video," Dawn told her.
Dawn looked at me and winked. I picked up the house remote; the entire house was all on remote controls. All of the stereos, TVs, DVD players, lights, everything, plus some other features. I turned the TV on and pulled up the menu for all the DVD's on the hard drive and found the 30 minute demo for the chair.
I punched up the movie and it started on the big TV. The video opens with a very handsome couple in the nude sitting straddle on the chair having sex. Dawn and I watched the video many times when we learned how to use the chair. There were different couples that demonstrated about 10 different sexual positions, including oral sex.
Everyone leaned forward as they saw the first couple slowly moving on the chair. John and Carol looked at the TV then the chair and back to the TV. There was complete silence in the room. Dawn reached for the remote in my hand and turned the lights in the bedroom down about half way and then said 'Enjoy' and grabbed my hand and led me out of the bedroom.
As we left the bedroom and went back out to the walk way that overlooked the huge open room below, one couple was wrapped in a full embrace on one of the sofas. He had his hand under her bikini top squeezing a breast, she had her hand down the front of his suit rubbing his cock. Dawn turned the lights down with the remote. I looked and saw another couple on the rug on the floor. She was missing a top and he was busily sucking on her tits. I looked at Dawn and said, "What have you done?"
"I hope I have given everyone an opportunity to loosen up and enjoy themselves."
"I guess you have done that."
Dawn is a bit of an exhibitionist and had flashed many people, but none of the other couples had ever been so open at any of the other parties. We had found we enjoyed watching others have sex and enjoyed being watched, but nothing this open at the other parties.
Dawn led me down the hall to the large upstairs study. The study was dark, no one had found it I hoped. The study was large with dark wood paneling and dark leather furniture. Dawn and I went in and sat on the large stuffed sofa. Dawn punched the remote and turned on a spot light that was over the sofa then she looked at the remote and turned on the large TV on the wall in the study. I closed the door to the room.
In addition to all the TV's and lights in the house being on the remote, little did our guest know that the entire house and grounds were covered by video cameras and microphones. It was part of the security system for the house, but Dawn and I used it to record us having sex all over the house and other areas.
"You want to watch?" She said.
"They are our friends."
"So, they would watch."
She popped up the camera that showed the downstairs room. Even in the dim light we could see everything. All of the cameras in the house were recorded individually at the same time on several computers, they could be played back easily.
The couple that had been on the rug in the big room where now fully unclothed and fucking like dogs. We zoomed in and watched as the wife sat on the husband riding him like a horse. Dawn turned up the microphone a little so we could hear. The wife was groaning madly as she bounced up and down on her husband's cock.
We watched the two of them fuck for a few minutes. I commented that the wife had a nice set of tits.
"Better than mine?"
"No, just nice."
"Where is the other couple?" Dawn asked.
I punched up a camera that was on the other end of the room downstairs. It was pointed at the sofa they had been on. They had shed their swim suits and were in a 69 on the sofa. From the angle of the camera we could see the woman was sucking on a nice large cock.
"Nice," Dawn said.
"Hey, my 8 inches is nothing to ignore!"
As I said, the rest of my body was in proportion to my 6 foot 5 inch frame. My cock was 8 inches or more and more than handful in diameter. Dawn had spent many hours trying to deep throat me and getting accustomed to sliding her tight little pussy all the way down it. She looked at me and reached over and grabbed my hardening cock through my swim suit. We split the screen and left that camera zoomed in on those two and the other camera zoomed in on the two in the floor a while. "Let's see what is going on in the rest of the house," I said.
I was wondering about the couple that had gone to the gazebo a half hour earlier. The gazebo had its on camera and lights. I punched up the gazebo camera. The couple there was taking full advantage, they thought, of being secluded by the landscaping around the gazebo.
They were a younger couple I knew from the hospital. The wife is tall and slender with a nice body I had noticed many times in her nurse's uniform at the hospital. Her husband is also tall and slender. She was on all fours on the lounger in the middle of the gazebo. He was pumping her madly from behind. I turned on the microphone and we heard her encouraging him on.
"Fuck me harder David, harder, harder!"
"I'm fucking you bitch!"
"Harder! Deeper!"
This looked interesting. The camera view was from the side and the lights allowed us to see everything. David was pounding away at her, pulling his cock out of her pussy and slamming it back in over and over.
"Fuck me harder!"
"Fuck you bitch!" He said as he pulled back and slammed into her again.
Her name was Julie and I couldn't believe the language. She was always Miss perfect and proper at the hospital, even talking with the other nurses about all the work she did at her church.
"I'm coming! Faster, faster!" She began screaming as we saw her shudder with a massive orgasm and collapsed down on her face.
"I'm not finished with you yet bitch."
As she lay with her tits mashed against the cushions and her face buried, we watched as David pulled his cock completely out of Julie.
"Now I am going to fuck you in the ass bitch!"
"No David, don't!"
I looked at Dawn and then we looked back at the TV. David reached down and wrapped a hand around his cock and appeared to be moving the tip of it to Julie's asshole.
"No David!"
"Shut up bitch!"
We could see her juices covering his cock and hoped this was just sex play. He moved his hips forward while holding his cock up to her ass and began pushing.
"No!"
He pushed farther and she began to scream.
"Stop!"
"Fuck you!"
He slammed his hips up to her butt and she let out another scream. Then David reached forward and grabbed her by her long her and pulled her head back hard.
"You love it don't you bitch!"
"No, no, no....yes! Harder David, harder!"
Dawn and I relaxed. David continued pulling on Julie's hair and began to slide in and out of her ass, harder and deeper. David then reached down and grabbed each of Julie's hands and pulled back on them hard, jamming her onto his cock.
"Oh my god!" Julie screamed.
David pounded her ass for a long time.
"I coming again, fuck me!" Julie screamed.
David yelled, "I'm going to fill your ass with my hot cum!"
Then the two of them began to hump as she jerked and he jerked, obviously dumping a load in Julie. David pulled his cock out of Julie's ass and stepped around to her head. Julie rose up on her elbows as David stuck his still erect cock deep into her mouth. She swallowed him whole and was working her way up and down when I changed cameras.
"Wow," Dawn said.
"Looks like he had a good time."
"Check our bedroom," Dawn said.
I punched up one of the cameras in our bedroom, the one that was pointing at the chair. It appeared that John and Carol had figured out how to use the chair. Carol was sitting on one hump while John was down in the middle with his face buried in her pussy. Carol was grabbing John by the head and forcing his face into her pussy. When Carol had flirted with me at other parties, I had appreciated how nice a body she had, very firm tits and nice legs, now I could see for myself.
Dawn said, "That looks nice."
I punched up the camera over the bed. Since there was a light directly above the bed, we got a good view of Elizabeth and her husband. She was on her back with her knees pulled up to her ears while her husband was rapidly pumping her pussy. Elizabeth's mouth was open and her eyes were staring straight into the camera, not that she knew it.
"Yes, yes, yes...!" She cried.
"I guess they enjoyed the video," I said.
"Obviously."
We flipped through all the other rooms of the house and the pool area. In the other bedrooms we saw our friends making love to each other with abandon. We switched out to the pool area and much to our surprise, we found Michael lying on his back on a chaise lounge while his wife Lisa was sitting on his cock riding him up and down.
To our surprise, Michelle, Jeff's wife, was sitting on Michael's face getting her pussy eaten by Michael while his wife Lisa worked herself up and down on his pole. While Michelle was enjoying the attention from Michael she was leaning forward sucking her husband's cock. This was the first foursome we had seen. We were surprised we didn't know any of the couples in our group were doing this.
We watched for a while as they continued. Jeff finally came in a large thrust in Michelle's mouth. She finished him off and stood up and turned around and set back down on Michael's face. Michelle leaned over and locked lips with Lisa. I could only assume she was forcing cum into Lisa's mouth as they kissed for a long time.
"That's fucking hot!" Dawn said.
I have never heard Dawn express any interest in girl on girl action. I punched a few buttons on the remote and the screen split into 4 different boxes, each showing a different room. One more button and now each of the windows changed to a different room randomly every 2 minutes.
Dawn reached over and pulled at my suit. I stood up and let her pull it down my legs. She leaned forward on the edge of the sofa and sucked my now massive hard-on into her mouth as deep as she could. She licked and kissed the head of my cock and then licked up and down. She reached up and cupped my balls and then sucked as much of my cock deep into her mouth as she could. I could feel the head pushing against the back of her throat.
"Ummmm!" She let out.
She sucked me for all she was worth. I was in heaven, Dawn had always been great at giving head but she could never swallow all of me, even though she tried. After about 10 minutes of pleasure, I reached down and pulled Dawn to her feet.
With the light from TV and the overhead light shining down in the dark room she looked magnificent. I reached around behind her and untied her top and let it fall. Her perfect areolas were nice and erect, nipples hard and swollen. I reached down and untied the wrap and let it drop to the floor. I slid my hands up her abdomen and squeezed each of her breasts, pinching each of her rock hard nipples. She reached down and wrapped a hand around my cock and stroked it slowly. I bent over again and pushed her bikini bottom down.
I sat down on the sofa and pushed it all the way to her feet as she stepped out of it. Now in front of my face was her nicely cropped patch of black hair. I slid a hand up and slowly begin to massage her pussy lips, she was already very wet. I slid one then two fingers deep into her. She moaned as I slid my fingers in and out. I took my thumb and began to circle her clit with it, she moaned louder.
Dawn's juices began to flow even more. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and stuck them in my mouth, she tasted great tonight. I placed my hands on her hips and turned her toward the TV, she knew what to do next. I leaned back on the sofa, my hard-on sticking straight up at attention. Dawn began to bend and lower her pussy down to meet my cock.
She reached around and grabbed me and lowered herself so the head of my cock was resting against her wet lips. I slipped easily into her as she slowly slid down my shaft inch by inch. Even as long as we had been together, she always had me slowly enter her as she got used to the length and size. All the way down she slipped until her ass was resting on my thighs.
"That feels so good James."
Up and down she slowly began a rhythm. Her still tight pussy felt so warm and good.
Dawn slid up and down on my cock for about 10 minutes getting wetter and wetter. I was watching all the gorgeous people on the TV in various states of sex. Dawn looked up and started watching too. As she watched, she began rotating her hips as she pushed completely down on my cock, moaning while she watched the action on the screen. I was in heaven, my raging hard-on needed the attention after watching other people fuck for the last hour or so.
Dawn continued to grind while she watched the screens changing. Just as I was feeling like it couldn't get any better Dawn stops her grinding and says, "Have you seen Amy?"
What the hell kind of question was that in mid fuck?
"I haven't seen her on any of the cameras," Dawn said.
I just kind of looked at the screens a minute and said, "I don't really know where she is and don't really care at this point."
But being nice for the moment I said, "When was the last time you saw her, she may have left when the other couples left after dinner."
"I gave her one of my silk robes when we came in for dinner because she was feeling a little exposed in my two piece. She was at dinner but I haven't seen her since."
Dawn continued to look for her on the TV. I didn't think Amy was going to be on the TV, she was there alone and I didn't think she was the type to get involved in a threesome.
"I hope she is okay," Dawn said.
Frustrated I said, "I don't know where Amy is..."
"I'm right here"
*
This chapter may not have been as hot as you would like, but it is needed. It leads into how to everything began to changein our lives. Don't worry chapter 03 will be right behind this one.