Part of her realized that what she was doing was wrong, but she just could not stop herself. It had been about a year ago that she had been undressing in her bedroom when she realized that the curtains were open and that there was movement at her neighbor's window. She had felt a buzz go through her when she realised that the eighteen-year-old boy next door was spying on her.
Kate had surprised herself by not closing the curtains. She had only her bra and panties on and deliberately took longer than she needed to before moving out of view into the bathroom. She had also been surprised that she felt very aroused at the thought of being spied on.
As time went on she had stripped fully before disappearing into the bathroom whenever she suspected that she was being watched. It had become harder and harder to check whether he was watching her without it being obvious. The first times that he had seen her spotting him he quickly moved away. They both became bolder as time went by and she started to put an exhibition on for his benefit.
This developed further as she made it clear that she required him to also be naked before she gave him the show. There was little or no pretense now when they watched each other. She became bolder and bolder until she started to blatantly play with herself just before going into the bathroom. She didn't wait to see whether he actual brought himself as she left or not.
Kate was always extremely aroused by the time she entered the bathroom. She tried desperately to bring herself to orgasm but it just evaded her. While she loved these occasions, which occurred at least once, a week her sexual frustration was growing. Sex with her husband of five years had dwindled to once a month at best. When it did occur the closest she got to orgasm was faking it as best she could. She also tried masturbating at other times but it just didn't happen.
On this particular day she had established with her neighbor that they were both there and had decided that today she would try and orgasm while her peeping tom looked on. She was just able to make him out from where she lay. Her arousal was really beginning to build and she dared to hope that being watched might just be the trigger for her to cum.
It was at this point that her husband unexpected walked through the bedroom door. His first shocked reaction was to go back out of the room before he got himself together.
"I cannot believe you Kate. I didn't know that you, that you played, you masturbated yourself. You could have always asked me for more. Shit let me close the curtains if that young man from next door is in his room he might see you."
"Leave the curtains exactly as they are and come over here now. I need your cock and I need it now."
He looked at her in amazement trying to understand what was going on. He had not seen her so obviously aroused as this in years. Her pussy was engorged and very wet. Her eyes were distant as if she was in a kind of trance. He knew enough that he was not going to miss this rare opportunity. Stripping out of his trousers and pants he moved Kate onto all fours and lined himself up behind her.
She was as desperate as him for him to enter her but turned through 180 degrees so that she could see through the window. He made it clear that he was disgusted with this but moved into position behind her. Kate reached back and guided his rock hard cock into her welcoming pussy. It was as he entered her she realized that she had not been this excited for years while being fucked.
Her husband, Dan, was deeply worried about the fact that they might be being spied on but so turned on by his wife's obvious excitement. Kate could see clearly that the peeping tom was stroking his cock with an urgency that she had not seen before. Dan was so engrossed in watching the sight of his cock disappearing into his wife's very wet pussy and her full arse pushing back onto him that it was some time before he looked through the window.
"Oh fuck Kate he is there watching us and he is masturbating. I have got to close the curtains. It is wrong so wrong."
"You have a choice close the curtains or keep fucking me. Which do you want?"
He said nothing but the fucking continued. Kate was loving being fucked when her body and mind really craved it. Sex hadn't been like this in years. For once she was delighted that Dan never did cum quickly. Looking back through the window she could sense that the same might not be the same for her neighbor. His face was now as red as the head of his cock. He looked like he would explode and any minute.
Kate had never seen anyone other than her husband cum. She hoped that the voyeur would not panic but would stay and watch and cum so that she could see every bit of it. She was not disappointed as his hand slowed, his eyes closed and a rope of cum shot up towards the window landing in line with the top of his head.
The sight hit Kate like a hammer and she roared as her unexpected orgasm ripped through her. She tried in vain to keep watching but failed as wave after wave of pure pleasure raked her body. She screamed her orgasms arrival and ordered Dan to not stop fucking her. He obliged fucking her through her whole orgasm and only cumming when all the tension left her satisfied body.