"Someone will see that," Paula said looking down at my hard cock tenting my slacks. I'd read her story about exposing herself at an adult movie theater and then having sex with a handful of men. Sitting there in the coffee shop where we had agreed to meet I couldn't stop thinking about how horny she could be.
"Its the way you like to come," I whispered. "It makes me hard."
"Well of course it does. Here, someone will definitely see that," she said and scooted her chair nearer to mine. "Maybe if I sit real close it won't be so obvious. You don't want one of these scary old ladies to get the wrong idea."
"What idea would that be?" I asked. Her warmth next to me only made my throbbing cock harder. "That I want to orgasm so hard it covers your entire body from head to toe?"
One of her hands moved from her cup under the table and came to rest on my thigh. "Is it very hard?"
I moved in my seat, the sensation of her hand so close to my cock was driving me crazy. "Yes, very."
"Focus on my eyes," she said. "Or my lips. Do you want to orgasm right now? I think we should go to your car."
"You have amazing eyes," I said. That helped, I looked into them and relaxed but only for a few seconds because her hand brushed closer and closer to my cock. I looked at her lips as she licked them. "Oh god."
"Your car then?" she asked. Her fingertip ran along the outline of my cock. "Can you walk?"
"If I follow close behind you," I said thinking of my cock tenting my pants and all the people in the coffee shop knowing how close to coming I was. "Don't walk to fast."
Her hand moved to grasp my hard on. "Oh that is hard. You can press it to my ass and push me along. Nobody will know a thing."
"God!" Her hand was pulling at me just below the swollen head. "If you keep that up I'll let go right here."
"mmmm," she hummed and then let go and stood. Her body looked even hotter than I'd thought moments before when I realized she was naked below her coat. "I bet you'd like that."
"Sure thing," I said standing quickly. She moved smooth as anything right in front of me taking the tent pole of my cock right between her barely covered ass cheeks.
I held my coffee close to her shoulder and pushed forward.
"Nice," she said. "We could just stand here while I check out the newspaper stand."
I pushed more and she moved slowly forward. Her hands held her drink right in front of her as she shuffled her feet forward and intentionally let her head turn to stare at the news papers.
"See anything interesting?" I asked.
"Huh?" she said.
"Excuse me," someone pushed by us to grab a paper.
Paula almost dropped her drink and shoved her ass back onto my cock. "Oh!"
"Sorry," the woman said.
I pushed forward kind of duck walking Paula toward the door. "That's okay."
As soon as we were out the door Paula stepped a little away and reached her free hand down to my cock. "That's fucking hot."
I took a deep breath but held my tongue as she pulled me toward the parking lot. It took all my self control not to throw her down and fuck her right there. The thing is that I knew she's love it too. There was something down right exhibitionist in this woman.
We parted long enough to get in on either side. She didn't waste any time talking and went right to undoing my pants and pulling my cock out.
"I've wanted to get a look at you," she said. Her fingers wrapped the shaft and slid down to cup my balls. "Definitely hard."
"You think?" I said wanting her to suck it, stroke it, fuck it, anything but sit there and inspect it.
"I like the way the head swells so much," she said using her other hand to trace a fingernail around the taught bell shaped ridge. "Does that hurt?"
"Yes," I said. "But in the most sexy of ways."
"Don't worry," she said. "I'll help you orgasm, I just want to take my time and enjoy it. Is that okay?"
"Yeah," I said.
Paula massaged my balls lightly with the one hand and began to run her fingertips of the other up and down the throbbing length. Her head wasn't close to it yet, but close enough to my face that I could smell her breath.
"Is that too soft?" she asked.
"No," I said.
"Dry though," she said.
I throbbed. My heart was beating harder than ever.
"There it is," she said.
I looked down and a huge gob of pre-orgasmic fluid was starting beading and starting to drip down from the head.
Her hands held still a moment and then she began to run her fingernail under the ridge of the head and down to my balls and back. I couldn't believe how horny I was then. She started to softly blow on the surface as the bead of come ran down my shaft. Her finger collected it in a swirling motion.
"That's what I wanted," she said and pulled both hands away to undo her coat. All the while taking care not to let the drop of my come rub on the fabric. "Now to get more lubrication."
"Oh god you're so fucking hot," I said as she exposed her body. Her breasts looked perfect there in the car beside me.
"Just wait," she said and slid the come from my cock onto her clit with her finger. "You'll get really hot soon, baby."
"Are you going to come for me?" I asked.
"Yes," she said. "Now stroke that hard cock while I collect some honey."
I did. My hand wrapped at the base as her fingers circled her clit over and over. It was so fucking hot, the sound of her wetness, the smell filling the car, the sight of her naked body as she masturbated herself all drove me to a point where I was trembling and shaking from head to toe.
Just then I noticed a woman watching us from the window of a car two rows over. She was getting out of the drivers side and walked toward us.
"Oh shit," I said with that we're busted tone of voice.
Paula looked up but didn't slow her rhythmic massage of her pussy. She moaned. I suddenly realized she was even more horny than I was.
"Don't stop," I said knowing she wouldn't. "Let her see."
"I am," she said. "Can you come for me?"
"With her watching?" I asked.
"Oh mmmmm," she moaned. "Yes. Do it!"
I stroked but my cock was too dry. "I need some of your pussy juice."
"Grab it," she said. By now the woman was coming up to her side of the car looking into the window. "Oh god!"
I moved my hand to Paula's pussy and rubbed. I dipped my fingers into her, she was soaking wet and I was quickly covered in her wetness. She shoved my hand with her fingers as she rubbed her clit faster and faster. The woman leaned close, her arms crossing as she rested her elbows on the door and peered in through the glass with a shit eating grin on her face.
"Should I open the window?" I asked moving my wet hand from her pussy to my cock.
"Uh huh," she nearly grunted.
My right hand all wet with Paula's pussy juice started stroking my cock fast and hard as I pressed the switch to run the electric window down on her side.
"Uh yeah," she said leaning back. Her legs were as wide as they could go, her feet pressing her heels hard to the floor. "I'm going to come so hard."
The woman reached one hand in and started caressing Paula's breasts. She didn't say a word.
"I want to come on you," I said.
"Fuck yes," Paula said.
I leaned to her side of the car stroking faster, shaking as I could feel the ebb of come ready to burst out.
Paula moaned deeply as the woman pulled her breast up by the nipple, holding it and tugging.
The sound of her voice was the last straw and I felt my balls throb one last time as the glands opened and come rocketed from my cock head flying across the car to rope over her tits and the woman's hand. I kept stroking and coming as the woman began to rub my come into Paula's tits.
"Fuck," Paula yelled. "Oh fuck, I'm coming."
Her body shook the whole car. I heard her seat creaking as she dug her fingers into her pussy holding it as she came.
"That's it," the woman said. "Role with it."
I watched as she leaned further into the car and kissed Paula full on the lips.
Paula shook and gasped through her nose as the kissed. I swear I was getting horny all over again watching as the last drops of come fell from my cock onto my thigh.
"I'm going for coffee," the woman said. "When I get back you two follow me to my place. I'm having a little party."
I glanced at Paula who was still shaking. Her eyes said yes so I nodded, "sure."
The woman leaned in closer licking some of my come from Paula's tits. "Mmmm. My name is Mary by the way. I'll be right back."