Grace and her four friends were on day five of the epic camping trip they had spent the past year planning. From where the bus dropped them off, they spent most of the daylight hiking, only stopping to set up camp when evening approached. But they finally reached their destination where they planned to camp for the next several days. It was a beautiful spot they found right next to a peaceful lake. They all were looking forward to relaxing after a strenuous hike to get here.
It was mid-afternoon, and Grace was sitting on logs they arranged into a circle. The sun was beating down, and it was rather hot out. As a result, she elected to wear a bikini top and some cut-off blue jean shorts. The moment was perfect. She felt so energized being in nature like this while laughing and conversing with her friends like never before. The idea for this trip came from the three guys she was with: Cullen, Vaughn, and Jett. She was platonic with all of them and had no interest in romance at the moment. One reason Grace looked so forward to this trip was to get over a bad breakup she had just a few weeks before. The last thing she needed was to start up another relationship.
The fourth friend, and only girl besides Grace, was Autumn. Grace was glad when she agreed to come along. Even though she trusted these guys, camping as the only girl would have been weird. Having Autumn join them has really made the trip feel much more relaxed.
"Dude, you totally tripped over your own feet. I don't know what else to tell you," Cullen said, laughing at a defensive Jett.
"And I'm telling you, one of you guys had to have tripped me. I'm a very agile person. I don't trip over myself," Jett said, sure of himself.
"Remember when he spilled diet coke on himself three times at dinner? You kept saying it was the waitress's fault, but you were holding the cup yourself every time it happened," Vaughn said, and everyone but Jett burst into laughter.
"Alright, alright. Let's give Jett, 'The Cat' a break. We've been ragging on him for long enough. Let's talk about something spicy. Anyone seeing anybody lately," Autumn asked the group.
"You know my situation. I'm not looking for another guy for a while," Grace said.
"I'm in a pretty long dry spell myself," Vaughn added. Cullen and Jett nodded in agreement.
"Boo, you guys are no fun. Go out and get some action, my gosh," Autumn teased.
"Yeah, well, what about you, Autumn. I haven't seen you with any guys lately," Jett retorted.
"Well... I've been busy. That's why," replied Autumn. The group laughed together upon hearing that. "Haven't we all been...
***Grace's world faded to black***
"...the worst trip to Germany ever," one of the boys was saying. Grace shook her head. What had just happened? Did she black out? No, that's not it. She was still sitting on the log, so it's not like she collapsed. She had blacked out before, and this felt very different. It was almost like she was watching a TV or movie scene fade to black, but it was her own eyes. How long was she out, though? Someone said something about a trip to Germany, which had nothing to do with the previous conversation.
Her friends didn't seem to notice either. If something had been genuinely wrong, they would have said something to her. She did notice Vaughn was staring at her chest. This was so unlike him. He was usually very respectful of Grace and didn't treat her in any sexual manner. She was wearing a bikini top, but it wasn't revealing at all. She did have rather large breasts, nearly d-cups, but that didn't excuse him staring like this. Still, she did appreciate that Vaughn was a guy and that they had urges. It would be nice if he at least tried to make it less obvious he was staring at her tits. But then she noticed Jett was also staring, and so was Cullen. Are these guys really all feeling so horny right now? But Autumn was staring, too. Oh shit, did she have a nipple poking out? They could have given her a heads-up. A slight breeze confirmed to Grace that something was definitely exposed on her chest.
She looked down and saw that her nipple was not poking out of her bikini. Rather, she was not wearing a bikini top and was fully topless. "Oh my god. My bikini top fell off. Where is it!" Grace covered her tits with her hands and darted her head around, trying to find it.
"You threw it behind yourself. It's back there," Vaughn informed her. Grace stood up and indeed found the top about three feet behind where she sat. She rushed over to it and with her back to her friends, she put it on.
"Thanks for telling me it came off, guys. Seriously, not cool," Grace complained.
"What are you talking about? You took it off yourself," Jett said.
"What do you mean I took it off myself? I did no such thing," she said as she got the bikini top hooked. She gave it one last inspection before turning around and taking her seat again.
"An hour ago, you announced to us that you wanted to feel the sun on your bare breasts and took it off. Do you really not remember this," a confused Cullen asked. Grace looked down at her phone, which said the time was 1:40 pm. She was sure it had been around 12:30 as they had just finished eating lunch. The blackout. That must have been what happened. But she had to have been fully conscious and even talking with them during that one hour.
Then, the realization hit her. She had been exposing her bare tits to her friends for over an hour. Grace was a fairly reserved girl when it came to matters of sexuality. She struggled with being intimate with her past boyfriends, having only really kissed them. Never in a million years would she expose herself like this, especially to her friends. She wanted them to think of her as a companion. Not a sex object. She also couldn't admit to them she had blacked out. That would only cause them to worry and maybe even think she is crazy.
"No, I remember. It's just I hadn't intended to go this long like that and had forgotten to put it back on. I had also hoped to keep out of view while I got some sun, but obviously, that didn't work," Grace said with a nervous laugh.
The four friends looked at her with continued confusion. Autumn broke the silence. "But you kept drawing attention to it. You invited us all to stare as much as we liked and kept sticking your chest out and shaking them. You also hinted that the boys could come sit by you and feel them if they wanted."
"But they never did, 'cause I was just joking. Right," Grace asked nervously. Having her friends see her tits on display for so long was bad enough, but if they groped them too, she would die of embarrassment.
"No... we never touched them. Are you sure you are okay," Cullen asked.
"I'm fine. Sorry if I weirded you guys out with my going topless. It's a trip, right? Trying out new things. And that was something I won't be doing again, no worries. Nobody wants to see that anyway," Grace said, trying to end the conversation.
"Don't feel bad about it, Grace. I'm not going to lie, seeing you like that was awesome. You are a beautiful woman. A lot of people would die to see what we saw. So don't feel ashamed," Jett explained as the others nodded enthusiastically in agreement. Grace's cheeks turned bright red, but finally, the conversation turned away from the topic of her tits. As they discussed plans for the evening, Grace thought more about what had happened.
The image of her half-naked body was now burned into the minds of her closest friends. Nothing could ever change that, and when she finds the right guy in the future, he won't be the first to see her body. When she is ready for that, of course. The guys were just teasing Jett relentlessly over spilling a drink. How many times would they bring up the time I flaunted my bare tits for them all to see? Grace took a deep breath. This was different, and her friends wouldn't torment her like that. But what was most distressing was how it occurred. Why did I act like such as slut when I blacked out?
"I brought my fishing pole. I could try and catch a fish for us for dinner," Cullen said.
"I'm not eating some fish you caught out of the lake. Just the thought of you cutting it open ruins my appetite," Autumn complained.
"You eat fish sticks all..."
***Grace's world faded to black***
Suddenly, Grace realized someone's tongue was in her mouth. She pulled her head back and saw that she had been making out with Autumn. "I'm sorry. Did I do something to hurt you? I didn't mean to. It's just you kept urging me to be more aggressive," Autumn exclaimed.
Grace didn't respond but instead tried to get her bearings. They were outside, sitting together on a log, and it was dusk. Autumn was in her bra and panties, and her hands were on Grace's chest. Her completely naked chest. She stood up and covered herself with her hands before realizing that her shorts were off, and she was in her panties. Grace scrambled around and found her bikini top and shorts. As she started to put them on, Autumn questioned her. "Talk to me, Grace. If I did something wrong, tell me." With her top back on, Grace realized the three boys were sitting there watching them.
"Guys, come on! Not cool to sit there being creepers on me and Autumn," Grace yelled. The three of them got defensive, holding their hands up.
Autumn stood up and defended them. "They are here because you practically insisted they be allowed to watch. You said it would be rude to kick them out of the camp area, and you wanted us to make out in the fresh air, not the tent. What the heck is going on with you?" Grace pulled her shorts up. Why had I been making out with Autumn? I'm not a lesbian, and neither is she. It's not that I wanted to make out with any of the boys, but at least that would be easier for me to understand.
"I'm sorry. Things between us just moved really fast, and I need a moment. I think my blood sugar is a bit low," Grace said, sitting down.
"Moving really fast? You spent the whole afternoon fawning over me, convincing me you have strong feelings for me. All the while, you were swinging your naked tits in my face," Autumn said, looking distressed. Grace was embarrassed to hear that she spent even more time showing off her boobs to everyone. "Not that I minded that, but still," Autumn added.
"Autumn, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong idea. I just wanted to experiment a bit, that's all," Grace said, lying.
"You kept urging me to take off my underwear, saying you wanted to go further and show me what real love is. I was actually starting to believe you had feelings for me. I feel ashamed admitting this, but I was actually about to agree to your advances and let you fuck me," Autumn said as she paced around, still in her underwear. The boys shifted in their seats hearing this. Grace was shocked hearing that she had been pushing Autumn for lesbian sex, and even more, she was going to agree to it. If she had come to even half an hour later, she would have probably found herself tongue-deep in her friend's pussy.
"And I regret that. I wasn't in my right mind. You are beautiful, Autumn, and I really liked kissing you. But now that I think about it, I'm not ready for lesbian sex, or any sex really. Can we just go back to being friends who had some naughty fun that one-time camping," Grace pleaded.
Autumn looked at Grace, annoyed. "Fine. But stop playing with my emotions like that. It's not cool to awaken something like this in a girl and then deny her," Autumn said, sitting back down. Grace wondered what she meant by 'awaken.' She had an idea but would rather not think of her friend like that right now.
"Guys, I'm sorry that I keep making things weird. I think I'm still processing the breakup. This trip is doing me a lot of good, but obviously, I'm working through some shit. I'll keep my clothes on from here on." Autumn and the three boys all stirred a bit as if they wanted to respond in some way but didn't. Grace wanted to change the subject but wasn't sure what topics hadn't been covered when she was 'out.' Fortunately, Cullen started talking about how he now planned on fishing in the morning since he was too distracted to try earlier today.
Grace watched Autumn out of the corner of her eye. Were these blackouts her subconscious trying to tell her something. Was she actually gay but has been suppressing it all this time? When she came to and had Autumn's hands on her naked breasts, she certainly felt turned on, but that faded quickly. She could admit Autumn was an attractive girl, but she didn't feel any urges to do anything sexual with her.
"I could totally climb that tree. I used to do it all the time as a kid," Jett said.
"With your bare hands? No way," countered Vaughn.
"I mean, I would want some gloves before..."
***Grace's world faded to black***
"Oh fuck Grace, I'm getting close. Finger me harder," the voice of Autumn yelled out as Grace came to. Her tongue was buried in Autumn's pussy, filling her mouth with her taste. Meanwhile, no less than three of her fingers were penetrating her friend's pussy. Autumn was fully naked, and Grace quickly appreciated she was naked, too. Luckily, though, they were in Autumn's tent by themselves. Grace pulled her fingers out and lifted her head away from her pussy. She sat up, watching the sight of a woman writhing on the floor of the tent.
"Why did you stop? You were doing so well," Autumn said as she caught her breath.
"I... ummm... needed a quick break. Is that okay," Grace asked, still tasting pussy in her mouth.
"After bringing me to three orgasms with your mouth already, you can have whatever you want," the sexually satisfied woman said, sitting up. She leaned in and kissed Grace. Not knowing what else to do, she kissed back. She was astonished to hear she was able to get her friend to cum three times in a single night. The sun was completely down, and her phone read that it was nearly 8 pm. But still, three times? She appreciated that she could barely get herself to cum with a vibrator.
"What's say I give a shot at giving you some pleasure," Autumn asked between kisses.
Grace let out a nervous laugh. "Not right now. I still need a break." Autumn grabbed her water bottle and took a healthy gulp. Grace was fully naked in a tent with her equally naked friend. What had happened to lead to this point? What were the boys doing? How far did things go in front of them before the two of them took things into the tent? The three of them surely thought Grace and Autumn were full-on lesbian lovers. Heck, even Grace thought that now. Was Grace even still a virgin? She had lesbian sex, didn't she?
Autumn's naked breasts were heaving up and down as she continued to recover her breath. This kept catching Grace's eyes, much to her own annoyance. Grace needed to understand how she got here, into the lesbian embrace of her friend. "Crazy day, huh? I would never have believed we would have ended up here together, can you?" Grace asked her naked friend, trying to casually get information.
"I'll admit, after you interrupted our make-out session and said you didn't have real feelings for me, I was very hurt. I wasn't sure if I could ever return to being friends with you after that. But then something in your eyes changed, and I knew you were lying. You were just scared. The things you told me and the looks you were giving me, I knew I had to have you," Autumn said, closing her eyes and caressing her chest.
Who was this person who seduced Autumn? Her confidence, sexuality, and presence were totally not something Grace ever exhibited. It also sounded like there was no backing out of this if she wanted to maintain any kind of friendship with Autumn. "I'm sorry I shot down your idea of us having sex in front of the boys. Not to kink shame, but that's not for me," Autumn added, opening her eyes.
Thank god for that, at least Grace thought. "Not all of us are as confident in showing off our bodies as you, Grace. Those guys went crazy for your naked boobs. And who can blame them," Autumn said as she sat up and took Grace's tits into her hands. "God, they are so awesome, I just have to...." Without further warning, Autumn plunged her lips into Grace's boobs and kissed her nipples.
This was the first time Grace had ever experienced someone kissing her breasts. Obviously, Autumn had already done this with her earlier in the night, but Grace wasn't around. The slutty version of her was. It was an intense feeling. Not only because of the stimulation Autumn's lips were giving her but also the sense that she had no choice in the matter. She had to make Autumn think she wanted her sexually or risk ruining everything about their friendship and probably her friendship with guys as well.
"Mmmm, that feels nice," Grace tried to say convincingly.
Autumn pulled away and looked at her new lover. "Are you ready to finish what you started then?" She laid down slowly and spread her legs. "You nearly got me to my fourth of the night before you needed a break...," the recently turned lesbian woman said. Letting a girl kiss your nipples was one thing, but could Grace go down on a woman? Did she have any choice? She slowly lowered herself to the same position she 'awoken' in, which was right in front of her friend's soaked pussy. Grace had no clue what to do to a pussy so she mimicked what she found herself doing before.
She stuck three fingers into Autumn's pussy which caused the woman to gasp and grab the tent floor around her. Her fingers slid in and out of the pussy as it was very well lubricated from the previous oral adventures of the night as well as Autumn's 'excitement.' "Don't just tease me, use your tongue on my clit like before. Please," the sexually stimulated woman pleaded.
Grace could barely find her own clit let alone another woman's. But she took her best shot and started licking the upper portion of her pussy. Whether this was like she was doing before or not, Autumn wasn't complaining. Rather, her legs were writhing, and her moaning was certainly being heard by the guys.
It was then that Grace started to appreciate the taste of her friend's pussy. It was... unique. Not bad at all, but not something she had tasted before. Maybe it was just because she was having lesbian sex for the first time, but it was a taste she would not soon forget. "How are you so good at this, Grace! Maybe we just spend the whole day tomorrow in the tent having sex, my god," Autumn yelled.
How she was accomplishing this, Grace had no clue. Apparently, she was a natural at lesbian sex. "I'm so close! Move your fingers faster, I'm.... there!" Autumn's back arched, and she yelled out loud enough that even if the guys were a mile away, they probably heard. The morning was going to be interesting with them.
Her back came crashing back down to the floor, and Grace took that as a sign she could withdraw her fingers and her tongue. She sat for a while, watching her naked friend catch her breath. Finally, Autumn opened her eyes and smiled at her new lover. "How many women have you slept with to get that good at tongue fucking a pussy? I always thought you were a very reserved, somewhat prudish girl. I was a fucking idiot," Autumn said.
"Truthfully, before tonight, I was a virgin. Lesbian sex or otherwise. I mean, I still haven't had sex with a guy, but I can't say that for a woman," Grace admitted.
Autumn sat up, looking amazed. "Really? A virgin? And you got me to cum four times the first time ever having sex with someone?"
Grace was feeling really embarrassed by this. "I mean, I guess? I don't know what I was doing. Have you done this before," Grace asked, trying to somewhat change the subject.
"What? Lesbian sex? I told you earlier. I had never thought of a woman that way until you stirred my heart with your words today. Well, your words and your tits, honestly," Autumn said while once again helping herself to a handful of Grace's tits.
Letting out a small gasp from having her boobs stimulated again, Grace tried to return the compliments she was getting. "Well, you were fantastic today as well. You are very beautiful, and your... boobs are also awesome." Thinking it would be awkward if she didn't, Grace slowly lifted her hands to Autumn's boobs and felt them up as well.
"But I've only been receiving tonight, haven't I? Let's see if I'm as gifted as you, shall we," Autumn said while lightly pushing Grace down to the ground.
Grace began to panic once she realized what Autumn was going to do. "You really don't need to. I don't really have orgasms, just so you know. We can just kiss more if you want. Maybe I can get you to a fifth orgasm," Grace said. It was an odd day indeed when Grace was offering to make a naked woman cum as a compromise in place of another activity.
"I felt the same panic you did when you first prepared to go down on me, Grace. Just relax, and let's see what happens," Autumn said. She pulled Grace's legs apart and was face to face with a pussy. "Geez Grace. It's like a waterfall down here. You really do find me attractive, don't you?"
Grace didn't answer that but couldn't deny it either. Why was all of this making her so wet? She had never been so confused about her sexuality.
While fretting over just how gay she was, Grace failed to notice what Autumn was preparing to do. In an instant, she felt four of Autumn's fingers penetrating her while her tongue simultaneously licked her labia lips. Grace shot up and let out a yelp from the pleasure both stimulations gave her. Laying back down, she accepted that her previous claim that she doesn't have orgasms was going to be proven to be untrue.
The fingers driving in and out of her pussy were scratching an itch that Grace never knew she had. Meanwhile, that damn tongue of hers kept hitting a spot that was driving her crazy. Her ass cheeks kept spasming, which would only cause the fingers to go deeper into her, which in turn caused more spasming. It was a brutal cycle of pleasure. The pleasure kept coming in waves, but then a large wave came that didn't end. It kept rising and rising until Grace couldn't breathe and looked like she was yelling silently. Finally, the pleasure was released, and she could breathe.
Autumn had turned out to be equally skilled at getting a woman to cum.
She laid down by her lover with a big proud smile. Without saying a word, Grace looked at her and nodded, fully acknowledging what had happened. Autumn wrapped her arms and legs around Grace and lightly kissed her. In the afterglow of her orgasm, Grace didn't feel strange snuggling and kissing with a naked woman. Soon, they both fell asleep, still tightly holding each other.
In the morning, Grace awoke and found the tent empty. She at first worried she had another blackout incident, but based on the time and remembering the events of last night, this was not the case. She could hear talking and movement outside the tent. Autumn's plan to stay solely in the tent today and fuck Grace must have changed. Grace found her clothes, which she was thankful were in the tent and not scattered outside around the campsite. Pulling her pants up, she took a deep breath. Facing her male friends after loudly having lesbian sex with Autumn was going to be awkward.
Coming out of the tent, Autumn was the first to comment. "She awakens! My sex goddess!" All four of her friends sat on their logs around the fire and ate breakfast. Grace made her way to them and grabbed some of the already prepared food. Autumn continued to not hide what had happened last night.
"This girl was amazing, not that I need to tell you guys that. I'm sure you heard me." The three guys nodded but didn't say anything else about it.
"Autumn... honey? Maybe we don't boast about our sex life in front of the boys," Grace suggested.
"Says the girl who was begging me to fuck her in front of them last evening. You planning on showing off the girls more today for everyone," Autumn asked while giving her own boobs a squeeze.
"No, I think they have seen them more than enough." The guys smiled hearing that but you could tell they were disappointed.
"So, are you guys officially a couple? Or what," asked Jett. Grace had no idea what they were. She wasn't even sure if she was gay, bi, or just experimenting.
"Grace told me, between orgasms, that she wanted to be my girlfriend last night. So yeah, we are officially a lesbian couple," Autumn said. Grace smiled back but didn't know how to process that news. She figured there were a lot more nights in her future with Autumn's tongue in her pussy.
"I never even knew you guys were gay. But good for you. I'm thrilled to hear it," Vaughn added. The friends got up and hugged in celebration of their newfound love. Autumn spoke up afterward, saying, "This trip has been so life-changing. I never knew I could..."
***Grace's world faded to black***
"Fuck, your mouth is heaven," yelled a male voice. Grace suddenly realized her mouth had a cock in it running up and down her lips. She was lying down on a towel outside in broad daylight. Looking up, it was Cullen's dick in her mouth. Without thinking, she pulled her head away, causing the cock to pop out of her mouth, which immediately sprayed her face with cum. But that wasn't the only thing happening. Another penis was in between her tits, using them for sexual stimulation. Looking around Cullen, Jett was using her tits for a boob job. What the hell had happened since breakfast?
Before Grace could ask any questions, Jett unloaded his balls onto her chest and got off of him. With herself free of dicks, Grace took a survey of the situation. All three guys were naked, including Vaughn, who sat on a log nearby watching her. Grace's face and chest were covered in cum, and based on the taste in her mouth, her stomach had a healthy amount in it too. The only thing that gave her some hope was that she was wearing a thong. Thus, none of the guys had sexual intercourse with her. Looking around, Autumn was nowhere to be seen.
"How many is that now," Grace asked the boys, trying to better understand the situation without sounding crazy.
"Oh geez. I think I've came in your mouth twice and once on your chest. The reverse is true for Cullen, I think, and Vaughn is our leader with twice in your mouth and twice on your chest," Jett informed her.
"Wow, that's crazy," Grace said awkwardly. Prior to today, she had never had a penis anywhere near here. Never given a single blow job or any kind of sexual job. Now she had taken the cum of these three guys in her mouth and on her boobs multiple times. How did this happen?
"Where... did Autumn go," Grace asked, fearing the answer.
The three guys looked at each other. "Into her tent, remember? I'd maybe steer clear of it for now," Cullen recommended. That started to give Grace a better idea of the situation. Her slutty self had obviously decided to have fun with the boys, not caring that she had made a commitment to her female friend. Grace knew she had to try to make this right and stood up off of her towel. A breeze reminded her that she was nearly naked, and she covered herself from the boys. Not having any idea where her clothes went and appreciating that she had spent the past couple of hours blowing these guys, Grace decided to dispense with modesty and let her nudity be uncovered.
She slowly walked over to the tent where she became lovers with Autumn the night before. Opening the tent, she found her lover crying. "Get out, you cheating bitch," she yelled upon seeing Grace's face.
"Autumn, listen to me. I'm so sorry. I didn't do that to hurt you. I still... love you. I just needed to know what I was missing out on by being with you. That's all," Grace said, making up a story. Obviously, she had no idea why her alternative self did any of this.
"I watched you out there. If you just wanted to know what you were missing, why did you do it so many times with all of them," Autumn countered.
"I got carried away. Maybe I interpreted your saying you were fine with me showing my boobs to the guys as you being fine with these other activities." Autumn looked at her cum covered girlfriend with anger.
"After breakfast, you declared your mouth and tits were open for any dicks seeking sexual relief. I told you right then and there I wasn't comfortable with it and you told me I could masturbate while watching, but nothing was going to stop you from getting cum. You spent the next hour prancing your naked body in front of those boys begging them to get their dicks out. After all the sexual teasing you did, I don't blame those boys for giving in. But I blame you. Get your whore self out of my tent. You reek of cum."
Autumn got up and pushed me out, zipping the tent up afterward. A long-term friendship was ruined because of some weird subconscious need. "Looks like the talk didn't go so well. I'm sorry, Grace. I know she was a close friend of yours. Maybe with enough time, she will forgive you," Vaughn said from behind her.
"Thanks. I hope so, too," Grace said, turning around. The three boys were standing there, still fully naked. Despite the apparently sexual activity they engaged in earlier, she was still very much not used to seeing a live penis, especially those of her friends. Although she appreciated that she wasn't dressed any better. Her tits were on full display along with the entirety of her body, minus the tiny amount her thong covered.
"Should we start up again? I'mI know I'm ready for the next round," Jett said, bringing attention to his erect penis. It took Grace a minute to understand what he meant by another round, but then the realization hit her that the guys were expecting more blowjobs. She was about to announce that she was done giving out sexual satisfaction but then thought better of it. The friendship she had with these guys has likely been irreversibly changed. It was now friends with benefits or something of the sort. She already had lost a friend in Autumn. She didn't want to risk losing three more by denying them the sexual interaction that her other self had freely given out just a bit ago.
In addition, and this was embarrassing for Grace to admit to herself, the idea of blowing a guy was intriguing. Especially now that she has technically done it multiple times. That seemed to have removed the barrier to her trying for herself. Her body has already been used to blow these guys, so why not experience it firsthand. "How do you want to do this," Grace asked, making it clear she was on board.
"I think I got one more in me for now. I hoped we could do it one-on-one with you, Grace, if that's cool," Jett suggested. That was very cool with Grace. She wanted to ease into things and not try and take three dicks on at once.
The group returned to the seating area, and Jett sat on a log with a towel in front of it. Grace joined him on her knees. Jett reached down and started massaging her boobs. Apparently, letting the guys feel up her body had already been offered and accepted. To have a guy start groping your tits without giving any indication of permission was rather hot, Grace found. She began to appreciate that she was basically a mouth with tits to be used by these guys. This idea was evoking some strong feelings within her. As Jett continued to have his way with her bare chest, Grace looked down at the fully erect cock inches away from her. She had one in her mouth when she came to but hadn't appreciated that fact at the moment due to her shock.
"Shall we get started," Jett said, looking up at her.
Grace took a moment to respond as she was so intensely staring at his erect cock but then came to, saying, "Of course!" She started off by taking the shaft in her hand and couldn't help but stroke it a few times. It was so firm and strong and just felt right in her hand. As pleasant it was to feel, though, she wanted to touch it with her lips. Starting with just the tip, he wrapped her lips around it and closed her eyes. A salty taste entered her mouth and she remembered the cock in her mouth when she awoke tasting the same. She drew her lips further down the shaft, taking in more of the taste. The movement of the cock in her mouth was almost electric feeling, and as she lubricated it more and more, the friction added a nice warmth to the process.
Blowing her friend's cock while two equally erect friends watched was really turning Grace on. As she continued to work Jett's cock she glanced over the dicks awaiting her. She had no clue how she got into this situation, but she was glad she was. Going down on Autumn earlier really made Grace question her sexuality, but with the excitement she was feeling blowing her friends, she knew she wasn't one hundred percent gay.
Watching the other cocks, she suddenly felt something explode in her mouth, and the salty taste in her mouth became overwhelming. Jett had unloaded the content of his balls into her mouth, and Grace had now fully experienced giving head to a guy from start to finish. Jett withdrew his dick from her mouth faster than she was ready for, but she managed to swallow his full load without making a mess. Cullen quickly asked to go next, wanting to feel his cock between Grace's tits again.
She was fully onboard and laid down on her back on the towel. Cullen's cock needed no preparation, and he promptly put it between the two tits. Using his hands, he squeezed them together and started thrusting his hips, sliding the cock up and down along Grace's breasts. She watched as the penis thrust towards and away from her face, threatening to unload cum on her at any moment. "I got to say, I always found you attractive, Grace, but I didn't want to risk our friendship by making a move on you. Thanks for being the brave one and pushing for this. Your tits are so fantastic," Cullen said as my tits pleasured his dick.
"You're welcome," Grace said awkwardly, not knowing how else to respond. She was more focused on the feelings building inside her chest. Her tits felt so warm, hot even. Not just from the friction of Cullen's dick but other areas as well. Cullen's hands were very actively manipulating her boobs and especially her nipples. Every time he did, Grace was beginning to notice more and more. She struggled to understand the feeling, but it almost felt like her tits could explode. But that feeling started to spread particularly to her pussy. She then became aware she was loudly moaning every time Cullen thrust his dick. Was she going to orgasm from giving a boob job? The answer came when Cullen gave her tits a mighty squeeze, and a wave of pleasure shot out of her chest, and she yelled in ecstasy. Her face had a blast of warmth, and when she came to after her orgasm, she realized Cullen had unleashed his load onto her.
Cullen had climbed off her and stared at her, smiling, fully aware of what had happened. Grace was too embarrassed to talk about it, so she tried to quickly move on by telling Vaughn she wanted to blow him here and now. "I think I'd rather get a boob job," the horny friend informed her.
"Fine," Grace said and laid back down. Five minutes later, her tits had milked another dick of its cum.
Afterward, the four friends gathered around the logs. The guys put on shorts but highly encouraged Grace to stay topless. She agreed as she didn't want to get the large amount of cum on her chest and face on any of her clothes. All four of these guys had spent hours now seeing and, at times, feeling her naked tits anyway. "I need a few hours to recover, but how about in the early evening we do this again," asked Jett.
Cullen and Vaughn were quick to add their approval to that idea. Grace wondered if the rest of the trip would involve her sexually pleasing these guys? Even beyond this trip, would the guys expect every get-together to result in their cocks getting satisfied by Grace's tits or mouth? Grace admitted to herself that she enjoyed doing these things but wasn't ready to be a 'free use' body for these boys.
"We'll see. This is not going to be an every-time thing. I want you guys to like doing other things with me besides just 'those' things," Grace said, trying to set some boundaries. The three guys agreed and tried to assure her they didn't just want her body. However, they did add comments on how great her body was, which didn't reassure her much.
"I want you guys to keep up your friendship with Autumn. Just because I was a total moron and ruined things with her doesn't mean you guys need to do the same." The guys nodded, and Grace felt good about herself after having said that.
After a minute of silence, Jett found some courage and asked a question probably on the minds of all the boys. "Not trying to pressure you, but I can't stop myself from asking. Any chance you might be up for taking things to the next level later tonight? Specifically sex?"
Grace wasn't offended by this question. When you've made a guy cum three to four times already, him asking about sex isn't crazy. But she was not ready for that, nor prepared in terms of having anything to prevent an accidental pregnancy. "We are not going to go that far, I'm afraid," Grace said. "I doubt any of you guys brought condoms anyway." The three guys admitted they didn't, which she was glad to hear. That meant they truly didn't think something like this would happen on this trip.
"The trip had been filled with a lot of firsts for me. I don't think you would be surprised to hear I had never given a blow job or boob job before you guys. I also never had... any lesbian interactions either. I would like to keep my virginity, in terms of sex with guys, intact on this trip. That's not something I'm going to give up to friends," Grace explained. She never thought she would be this open about her sexual experiences, but the people in front of her were involved in said experiences.
"That makes a lot of sense, Grace, and I feel bad for asking. You've given us an awesome gift today, and I don't...."
***Grace's world faded to black***
Grace's tongue was licking something with a familiar taste, and when she opened her eyes, she realized it was the taste of pussy. Looking up, she found it was the pussy of her friend Autumn. But something else quickly got her attention. Her pussy felt like it was being stretched by something, almost like an internal massage. She was on all fours with her face planted in Autumn's crotch. She elected to take a break from going down on the girl and looked behind her. Cullen was plowing her pussy from behind with this cock. While Grace was still processing the situation, Cullen grunted and gave a final deep thrust. A warm sensation was felt in her pussy as Grace knew Cullen had just came inside her pussy.
Autumn grabbed Grace's head and pulled it back into her pussy. "I'm so fucking close, don't stop now," the sweaty naked girl yelled. Figuring stopping this orgy now would make her seem crazy to her friends, Grace decided to try and reach a stopping point and declare she needed a break. From there, she could take stock of what had happened to get her to this point. Grace resumed licking her friend's pussy and penetrated her with three fingers for good measure which Autumn responded by letting out a satisfied moan. Grace figured she just had to get her to cum, and that would be the stopping point.
This plan quickly proved to be insufficient as Grace felt a new pair of hands on her ass, followed by dick entering her pussy. Another of the three guys, who was unknown, was taking a turn fucking her. Not seeing another path forward, Grace let it happen and focused her attention on Autumn's pleasure. As the unknown man pumped her vagina, Grace felt a fair amount of cum running down her leg. Her virginity was long gone, and she had no clue who of the three friends had taken it. Based on the amount of cum she was feeling on her leg, Cullen was far from the first to fuck her. She wouldn't be surprised if that wasn't Cullen's first time with her.
The feeling of this new guy's dick slide in and out of her was intense for Grace. Intense but satisfying. She almost stopped licking the pussy to command this lover to penetrate her deeper but held off. Grace's lust nearly made her forget something, though. The guys weren't using condoms and weren't pulling out of her. Her pussy was filled with the potent sperm of three men, and Grace's womb had nothing preventing that sperm from impregnating her. It also wasn't like she could walk to the pharmacy later today as they were several days' hike into the wilderness.
Autumn gripped Grace's hair tightly as she made good progress on her pussy. What had happened that not only did the two of them make up, but Autumn agreed to this orgy? She didn't seem to have had sex with any of the boys, but she was fully naked for them. As well, she wasn't complaining about men railing Grace either. It was comforting for Grace to know her friendship with Autumn wasn't over. Although calling this simply friendship was inaccurate.
Autumn suddenly lifted up and yelled out as her orgasm found her. Likely driven by that sight, the unknown friend cream-pied Grace. Adding that much more risk to her getting pregnant. As soon as Grace felt the dick slip out of her, she rolled over to prevent another cock from penetrating her. When she did, the large amount of cum poured out of her pussy. The boys had really taken advantage of what Grace's slutty self had freely offered.
The five friends sat, all catching their breaths and watching each other's naked bodies. Autumn shifted down and cuddled next to her lesbian lover, slowly caressing her breasts as she seemed to like to do often. As she had after the previous blackouts, Grace tried to subtly prod for information on what had happened.
"I'm so glad we made up Autumn. I felt so bad losing you," Grace said, hoping that would trigger Autumn to talk about what happened.
Autumn smiled and started pinching Grace's nipples. "You made a really good point. What you and I have is love, and sex is one way we express that love. But just because you have sex with other people doesn't mean you love them. These guys are basically walking sex toys. No offense, guys."
"With the day we've had, nothing you could say would upset me," Jett said, laughing.
"So you can keep on fucking whatever dick you want as long as you end up in my bed," Autumn said. Grace was taken aback by how sweet that sounded. Maybe this relationship with her was something she could do. There was just the other, maybe more significant issue to deal with.
"I'm just worried about all the cum I have in my pussy," Grace said, feeling it continue to stream out of her.
"Why? You told us you were on birth control," questioned Vaughn. Grace panicked upon hearing this. She certainly was not on birth control. Her slutty self must have lied to get them to agree to cum inside her.
"Because it will stain my underwear," Grace said, covering her slut self's lie. In a couple of months, her lie would become a real problem for Grace, but for now, she had other issues.
The three guys stared at the two naked girls. Autumn's initial reluctance to show off her body has been overcome by her lust for Grace. The boys were basking in the satisfying feeling of having fucked Grace multiple times. Autumn, still playing with her new lover's tits, looked Grace in the eyes and spoke. "I'm so happy that we ended up together and..."
***Grace's world faded to black***
Grace was lying on the floor in a tent that was unfamiliar. Maybe she was in one of the guy's tents. That would make sense as someone was on top of her fucking her vigorously. They have had sex, who knows how many times, and they were still this anxious? Whichever of the three friends this was, they had their heads down, likely watching Grace's tits bounce as they humped her.
These blackouts were becoming very concerning. Every time she comes to, she has a dick or a pussy or both in her immediate vicinity and lately, the dick is in her. How long has it been now, she wondered? But that thought was interrupted by her sexual partner cumming inside her. These guys were going to put every ounce of cum they produced on this camping trip inside her. There was no way she wasn't going to end up pregnant. One of her three male friends would be forever connected to her as the father of her child. Her lover then finally looked her in the face. Grace had no idea who this was.
"Are you done, Greg? The rest of us want our turn. I've only fucked her three times today." The voice came from behind them. The tent door was wide open, providing a clear view of the three naked men waiting outside. All of which were strangers to Grace.
"I need a break first," Grace declared, buying herself some time free of a cock to make sense of the situation. The man who just cream-pied her, whose name was Adam apparently, withdrew his dick and got off of her. Grace sat up and witnessed that her pussy was gushing with cum. These guys had been fucking her for a while and were freely seeded her. Grace had been extremely worried about one of her three friends impregnating her. Now, complete strangers were in the mix.
Spilling a lot of cum, she got up and walked out of the tent. No point in being modest about being naked with these guys, it seemed. Outside, she was met with another shock. They were camped out in an area that Grace did not recognize. She had figured another group had joined them at the lake, which prompted her slut self to fuck. Instead, it seems she went off with this group for a private orgy with them.
"Man, how long has it been since we left the lake?" Grace said, trying to get information.
One of the naked strangers who was intimately familiar with how her pussy felt answered. "All this sex got your head a bit mixed up? We left your group at the lake yesterday morning, and after about a five-hour hike, we have been here since yesterday at noon. Been pumping you full of cum since," the guy said, smiling. Grace had been out for almost two days, it seems, and in that time, she had an obscene amount of sex with these four guys whom she knew nothing about.
"And it's been real fun, but I should probably head back to my friends now," Grace said.
"Do you really want to? They were pissed when you left. Especially that other girl you were with. The one you said you've been going down on," another guy in the group said. A guy whose sperm may have already impregnated Grace. That's not surprising to hear they were mad. But were the guys mad that their friend was leaving or their hole left? Was there a difference between them at this point?
"What was it you said when you left? 'The idea of going off with these guys and being their sex object is just too hot of an idea not to do.' I hope we've been living up to what you hoped it would be like hanging out with us," another of the guys whose name she didn't know said. Based on the state of Grace's pussy, she thinks her slut self got what she wanted.
"Can you guys remind me how to the lake," Grace asked while looking for her clothes. The guys all looked at each other. "Fuck us all one more time, and we will tell you. Otherwise, you are on your own," Adam said, staring at her body.
"You guys have spent almost two days fucking me. That doesn't earn me directions," a fully nude, cum covered Grace asked the men.
"We've laid out our deal. You are welcome to do as you please," one of Grace's latest lovers said.
Grace walked back into the tent, laid on the floor and spread her legs. "Then seed me already," she told them. One of the men nearly dove into the tent, and positioning his cock, he fully penetrated the young woman. Grace was now willfully fucking strangers. Over the next thirty minutes, the men fucked her in whatever position pleased them. Sometimes they would have her blow them, but they would always unload their cum inside her pussy.
Additionally, the men were not quick fucks. They took their time and knew what they were doing. As a result, two of the men drove Grace to orgasms. At first, having an orgasm on a stranger's dick was embarrassing for her, but after the second one, Grace decided who gave a fuck. She's naked in the wilderness, getting plowed for directions.
Finally, the last of them completed their final attempt at impregnating the girl, and Grace had completed her end of the bargain. She was pointed to a path and told it was a straight, five-hour walk to the lake where her friends were. "Thank you, I guess. Now, where did I put my clothes," she asked, not wanting to stick around any longer. She was handed her thong, which she put on, quickly soaking it with cum. Next, she was given her socks and shoes. "And the rest," she asked.
The four guys looked at each other confused. "You insisted you didn't want to wear anything else. You said all you needed were your shoes and the thong. You even debated if you needed that," the men informed her.
"Oh right. Those orgasms really mess with your memory," Grace said, laughing. She got her shoes on, gave a final wave to her children's possible father, and started down the path, wearing nothing but a tiny thong.
Now would be a good time for another blackout, Grace thought. But it never happened. She was destined to walk the entire five miles with her naked tits bouncing freely. At least she was far into the wilderness, and there were very few people out here. One minute later, a group of teens, around 18 or 19 years old, came walking in the opposite direction. "Hi.... hi guys," Grace said as she walked by the group with their eyes firmly planted on her chest. Without noticing until it happened, one of the young men snapped a picture of her on her phone. It was then that Grace started actively trying to cover her tits. Although she heard additional photos being taken of her backside as they walked past.
The hike was slow as Grace's legs were tired from all the fucking she had been doing. She eventually made it back to the lake, but not before passing three more groups on the way, including one who was actively filming the hike with their camera as well as Grace's bouncing naked tits. She was relieved to see her friends were still here as well as her tent and clothes. She walked up to them sitting on the logs, and she quickly got the eyes of all of them, primarily focused on her nearly naked body. "Look who came back. Get bored of your new friends," Jett asked.
"Don't take it personally, guys. It was just an experiment. I hadn't planned on being gone that long," Grace tried to excuse her behavior. The three guys and her girlfriend Autumn didn't look convinced.
Grace sighed and then spoke the words they were waiting for. "We still have two days left before we have to head back. How about as an apology, I let you guys fuck me as much and however, you like. Autumn. I'll go down on you for the next 48 hours straight if you want. Please, just forgive me, again."
The boys looked very anxious to accept this deal, but they looked to Autumn for guidance on how to respond. Autumn got up from where she sat and walked slowly over to Grace. Standing in front of her, she suddenly pulled down her own pants and underwear, revealing her pussy. She then pulled Grace in for a deep kiss. After she released her, she addressed the group. "You are damn right you're going to go down on me. Also, your tits stay out till we arrive back at the car. We missed seeing those suckers."
Grace laughed and gave Autumn another kiss. "Deal. But first I need to eat. I'm going to need my strength for all of this." Cullen handed her a bowl of chili that had just been prepared.
Autumn, with her pussy still out, talked about what they had been doing while she was gone. "The boys had a contest to see who could catch the biggest fish and, of course..."
***Grace's world faded to black***
Grace was back in her home, on top of a guy she didn't know fucking him. He was pushing her hips up and down, moving his dick in and out of her pussy. On a nearby couch, Autumn was fully naked and masturbating with a dildo, watching Grace's tits bounce. How long was this blackout? They were going to be at the lake for another two days, followed by a three-day hike back. It was then she noticed the large pregnant belly she was sporting. It had been months.
The stranger came inside her and beckoned Grace to get off of him, which she did. Without any additional words, the man left her apartment. With Autumn continuing to masturbate with her sex toy, Grace excused herself to the bathroom to examine her body. Looking in the mirror, she had to be eight to nine months pregnant. Checking her phone, it had been ten months since the camping trip. Considering she was again fucking a stranger, she doubted even the slut version of her knew who the father was.
There were other things on her body she noticed. She had numerous tattoos on her that she could see. 'Cum Slut', 'Free Use Pussy', 'Autumn's Sex Toy.' Her breasts also look huge. No way this was just from her pregnancy. Feeling them up, it was apparent she had a boob job done sometime in this ten-month window. They had to be at least an F-cup. They looked great to Grace, but it was crazy to see herself like this.
Finally, there was one additional thing she noted. She was wearing a gold band on her finger. Having an idea what this could mean, she opened up her phone and started scrolling through pictures. There were countless photos on there of Grace naked, fucking, covered in cum, going down on Autumn, or in a lot of cases, all of those at once. But finally, around five months ago, she saw what she was looking for. Pictures of Autumn and her getting married.
A bit stunned, Grace walked back out to the living room, where Autumn looked to be recovering from a successful masturbation session. Grace sat next to her and snuggled with her. It didn't take long before she started playing with Grace's huge tits. "What's wrong, babe? You look off," Autumn asked her wife.
"The past ten months have been a blur, such big changes in my life. And it all started with that camping trip," Grace said.
"Yeah, but we are pretty sure you didn't get knocked up there. It was probably one of those random guys we kept bringing over to your place to fuck you. What are we up to, four hundred men who have unloaded inside you? I don't think we'll hit five hundred like you wanted before the baby comes," Autumn said.
"What happens after the baby comes," Grace asked her wife.
"Well, you will probably get pregnant again shortly afterward once the doctor clears you. I know you too well. But we'll raise our daughter together. She will be loved. We'll just have to keep things G-rated around here, of course. But you got so many people willing to babysit in exchange for a fuck. I don't think we will have trouble finding time for fun."
The two girls kissed again until Autumn asked a question. "Do you have any regrets about this life?"
Grace looked her in the eyes and smiled. "I really don't. It's everything I've ever wanted. Even if I didn't know that ten months ago."
Giving Grace's tits a final squeeze, Autumn got up. "Well, we have a live sex show to stream due to start in five minutes. Let's get to it," she declared.
"Fucking fuck yes," Grace said, getting up to follow her to the bedroom.
From that moment on, Grace was wide awake and truly happy.