It was one of those days when the California sun beats down hard and makes you want to stay in and crank the A/C. As amazing as that sounded, my mom and I were stuck outside fixing up the house to get it ready for sale. She was in the garden, planting flowers and pulling weeds, while I was on the roof, fixing gutters and inspecting the tiles.
It was hard work, but I liked working with my hands. By noon, with the sun directly overhead, I was drenched in sweat and had to take my shirt off. I got back to securing the gutters, but soon could hear some giggling from my neighbor's yard.
A group of four bikini-clad girls were huddled together and staring up at me, a couple even taking some pictures on their phones. I had to admit I was flattered, and not letting on that I saw them, I made sure to flex and stretch a little to give them an extra thrill. One of the girls I knew was my neighbor; a cute girl with a tight body, who had made clumsy attempts to flirt with me when she got the chance in the past.
I was really making a show of it and having a good time. I am about 6 feet tall, with lightly tanned skin, brown hair, and a muscular build earned through years of being consistently in the gym and pool. I am pretty confident in my body and enjoy getting attention for it. The girls thought they were being smooth, but with each flex or exaggerated stretch, I could gear them chattering and giggling.
"Are they enjoying the free show?"
My mother's voice came to me from below. I looked down to see her smiling up at me. I blushed with slight embarrassment at being caught in my exhibitionism.
"Yes, they are. Are you?" I shot back jokingly, giving her a little flex of my arms. My mom just smiled and shook her head in mock disapproval before returning to her flowers.
I chuckled to myself at the exchange. My mom and I have a great relationship. My dad was in international sales which has forced him to be away from home for months at a time my entire life. So naturally my mom and I became very close. She could be funny, supportive, down to earth, forgiving and trusting. All things a good mother should be.
I was the envy of all of my friends growing up. Whereas their parents were uptight, my mom was open and established our house as the place everyone knew they could come and not have a hovering parent stopping any fun. On more than one occasion she had made quick appearance to say hi and join us for a for a beer when the guys were over.
There was another reason my friends loved my mom. She was objectively a stone-cold fox. She stood at about 5'10", with tan skin like mine, long brown hair, shining green eyes, a broad and perfect smile, and always dressed in a fashionable way. She looked nowhere near her age and she knew it. She kept her body tight and taught through a regular exercise routine. And although I shouldn't notice such things, she had an amazing ass and pair of tits (as my friends always reminded me). When no friends were around, we had a pretty lax policy on clothes, so over the years I got to see my mom lounging in robes or loose clothing with no bra. On more than one occasion, she had dashed from the shower to get a towel when I happened to be in the room, holding her tits close to her chest. They were easily a D cup, and when her back was to you, the sides of her tits were still visible. Early adolescence was sometimes spent resisting (or failing to resist the urge) to jerk off to the fantasy of her. But I had grown out of that (mostly).
When we went out men constantly flirted with her, but she was faithful to my dad. Sometimes she would put her arm in mine, hoping that guys would think we were together, and they would leave her alone. I had to admit, if felt nice in those moments to be by her side. She would lean in close as we walked, or give me a kiss on the cheek to really sell it.
When I finished up for the day on the roof and walked toward the ladder, I noticed that the girls were still staring up at me. I resumed my little secret show for them, enjoying their stares and feeling like a king. Unfortunately, the universe has a sense of humor and I slipped a bit and almost tumbled off the roof. My stomach dropped at the near death experience and my pride was shattered as I heard the girls burst out laughing. Tail between my legs, I made my way carefully down the ladder and headed inside.
That night after dinner, my mom and I decided we deserved some relaxation owing to our hard work and decided to take a dip in the hot tub. Thankfully the heat had calmed down when the sun set, giving us perfect Jacuzzi weather. Mom always let me enjoy a beer while she had a glass of wine when we hit the hot tub. I loved this as the combination of heat and alcohol never failed to give me a pretty decent buzz.
I started the jets and was in the tub first, wearing my short swim trunks and enjoying the jets against my soar muscles. I sipped my beer and closed my eyes to fully relax myself. The world seemed to fade away until I heard the side door close and opened my eyes to see my mom slipping into the tub.
Like I said, my mom enjoys being fashionable, and that went to her bathing suit choices as well. No frumpy one piece for her. She had on a dark green bikini that covered enough to be decent, but still gave ample view of every curve in her body. I blamed the alcohol on my leering as I scanned her body.
Her skin was incredible smooth and the perfect shade of light tan. Her arms were toned and strong owing to her work in the garden and a vigorous yoga routine. Some mornings I get to watch a little show during breakfast while she did yoga in front of the TV. I get a view of endless stretches and bent postures. Her healthy sized ass stretches the yoga pants to their limits, and her bends made it pop and bounce. Her huge tits moved freely in her shirt as she contorted herself. Nothing beats breakfast with a show.
My mom slipped carefully in the water with a generously sized wine glass in hand, and her long hair tied up in a messy knot so it didn't get too wet. She settled near me and leaned back against the tub, closing her eyes and looked to be enjoying the feeling of the jets pushing her body slightly around. I couldn't help trying to get glimpses of her breasts beneath the churning water.
"Mmm, this is still the best investment we made in this house. We have to make sure your father gets another one for the new place."
We chatted about the day, then settled into a bit of a relaxed silence, with our feet occasionally bumping each other underneath the water.
"Hey honey, how's Kimiko? I haven't seen her around the house recently, and she hasn't come with us to the gym in a while"
Kimiko was my girlfriend of about a year. I was blessed by having two amazing women in my life. Kimiko was a great girlfriend. Always down for anything, she got along with my friends, she was close with my mom, and kept up with me at the gym. Best of all, she LOVED to fuck. She was about 5'1'', with a toned body, dark tan skin, jet black straight hair, beautiful brown almond-shaped eyes, and perfect B cup tits. Any chance she could get she was all over me.
We have definitely fucked in every room of my house (including my parent's) and have had a few covert sessions in the gym locker room. Her favorite thing for me to do is to pick up her compact body and support her tiny ass while I pound into her standing up. She loves to hold onto my strong body and get absolutely drilled. Just thinking about her was making me hard and thankfully the bubbles from the jets didn't give my hard-on away.
"Yea, she went on a long vacation with her family. Some super exclusive resort in Jamaica one of her dad's coworkers told her about. She's been gone about a week already and I think they might be visiting family elsewhere after the trip too. She wont be back for maybe a month," I said with an obvious sad tone in my voice.
"Aww, honey. You must miss her a lot," my mom offered. She was always so sweet and empathetic. She moved closer to put a comforting hand on my leg, but misjudged and put her hand squarely on my semi-hard penis. A rush of pleasure coursed through me, quickly followed by a rush of panic. I shifted a little and my mom quickly moved her hand back.
"Oh," she said in surprise.
Fuck, I was mortified.
My mom broke the tension with a laugh, "Well I guess someone else misses her too."
"Oh my god, mom. Really?!"
"Haha, of come on. It's all in fun. I should have known she was away since I don't hear you two in the middle of the night anymore."
"Mom, you're drunk," I said defensively, though knowing there was no way she was already drunk. I was embarrassed but also realized I needed her to stop because it was a little hot to realize my mom could hear me fucking. I knew we weren't exactly quiet, but I thought she hadn't noticed.
"I might be a little drunk, but I'm also right," she said, bursting out laughing.
"Whatever. It's not like I haven't heard you a dad before. You guys don't exactly keep it quiet when he is home you know." Again, I was being defensive, but not doing myself any favors.
My mom just laughed and looked a bit wistful. "Hmmm yea. We can get carried away. It's been a while. I miss that man."
We stayed silent a while and my mom had a distant look in her eye and a slight smile while sipping her wine. I could have been imagining things, but I thought I noticed her hand gently stroking her skin under the water. I tried my best to just stare into the nights sky and will my erection away.
It eventually subsided, and we both decided it was time to head in. I had it in my mind to jerk off that night, but as soon as I got changed I realized how tired I was. My body was basically limp from the days exertion, the beer and the hot tub. I passed out and slept heavily.
The next morning I woke up feeling fresh, if not a little sore. I had to remember not to hit the gym so hard on weeks I know I am going to be doing all this manual labor for the house. I made it downstairs to see my mom making breakfast for us in the kitchen. She was wearing a loose white button-up shirt tucked into some short jean cut-offs that hugged her curves nicely.
"Morning sleepyhead," she said as she handed me a cup of coffee.
"Mornin'," I mumbled, not yet awake enough to feel like a functioning human. I drank my first sip of the coffee and its warmth radiated through my entire body. "Mmmm, this is good. Thank you."
"Your'e welcome. Your dad brought back the beans from one of his trips to South America. It's supposed to be the best coffee in the world."
"I believe it. I'll have to ask him to get more the next time he goes. Where is he now, and when is he getting home?"
"Your father? He's in Japan. Or wait, Canada? I don't know anymore. He's all over. I just know he'll probably be back next month.
"Jeez, this one is a long one." He had already been gone for three weeks.
"Yea. He works hard so we can live well. We've actually been talking about it and now that you are getting older, I might be joining him in the business again. Have to use my M.B.A. for something, right?"
"That'd be great for you," I offered. But inside I had to admit that the thought made me a little sad. I hoped whatever position she took wouldn't take her away from home for long stretches like it did dad. Mom read the look on my face.
"Thanks, but you look sad. Don't worry. I wouldn't take an international sales role. I'd keep it close to home." She put her hand on my arm in a supportive way. We had been around each other so much that she could basically read my mind at times.
"Although, if I traveled I'd be able to get more sleep as I'd be away from you and Kimiko making a racket in the middle of the night in your bedroom all the time." She burst out laughing at her own callback to last night.
"Funny," I said flatly, trying to avoid getting into that area with my mom again. I didn't feel like getting worked up so early in the morning. I made a mental note to jerk off later since it had been a while, and last night in the tub with mom had aroused me more than I'd like to admit.
My mom changed the topic. "You think you can finish up on the roof soon? Forecast says it's going to rain all next week and I don't want to risk any leaks or issues. Water damage is a huge hassle."
"Yea shouldn't be a problem," I said. I only had a few more gutters to secure and the roof looked fine otherwise. If I rushed I could be done by lunchtime.
"Good. Well, I'm off to the garden," she said cheerfully, giving me a little shoulder squeeze on the way out.
After breakfast, I headed up the ladder and resumed my work. The sun was as hot as ever, but it felt good on my skin. I took my shirt off to avoid a farmer's tan and to soak in more of the warmth. I looked over to the neighbors' yard to see if my little audience was still there. I had to admit to myself that I enjoyed the attention. Sure enough, neighbor girl was there with a new friend who I hadn't seen before and looked to be a year or two older than her. They were both clad in bikinis that seemed too scandalous to just be for hanging out in the house. They made no secret of their intention to watch me. Their lounge chairs were turned and aimed directly at where I was, and they passed a drink back and forth, almost like popcorn during a movie. The new girl was caressing her skin and smiling at me. She made a show of opening and closing her legs, giving my shots up her bikini. There wasn't a ton of detail I could see from where I was, but her intention was clear.
I played my part and did my work, making sure to give them all the good angles. All the while, my mom toiled away in the garden. She honestly looked beautiful there. Her white loose shirt clung to the light sweat on her back, and her sexy legs shined in the sun. Everyone now and there she would look at me from underneath her straw sunhat, smile and give a little wave.
As I predicted, I was done by around 11:30, just as the sun was nearing its peak. I cleaned up my materials, tucked my shirt into my back pocket and headed for the ladder. As I was about to descend, I decided to play along with the neighbors and gave a short little bow. They giggled at my acknowledgment of them and I started to descend. As soon as I had one foot on a rung, I heard them whistle out a cat call. I laughed and looked over, but the sun glare surprised me as it was right in my face. I lifted a hand to shield my eyes, and felt my foot slip from the ladder.
I hit the ground hard and the last thing I heard was the voice of my mom yelling, "James!"
**********
Driving home the hospital, I could not hide my foul mood.
My mom looked over at me from the driver's seat. She tried to be chipper. "Oh, it's not that bad. You fell off a roof and are walking away with some bruises and minor injuries..."
"Minor!" I yelled, a little two loudly, as I held up both my arms. I had thankfully broken the fall with my hands, protecting me from any major issues; but in the process I had broken my right wrist, and severely bruised several bones in my left hand. My right arm was in a cast and my left was wrapped up like a mummy.
My mom frowned at my distress. "I know sweetie. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make light of it. It's going to be hard, but the doctor was hopeful that you would heal pretty fast being that you are so young and healthy." She chuckled a bit, "and good news is that you have just enough function in your left hand that I don't have to wipe your ass!"
I laughed a bit at that, and was secretly thankful. "I should make you just as a punishment," I joked back.
"Well, if you aren't better before your father gets back, that can be his job. I was able to talk to him earlier when you were getting worked on by the doctor. He sends his love and wishes he could be there for you. By the way, turns out he's in Turkey. He's not going to have great cell service for a while as he's going somewhere very rural apparently. I wish you could have spoken with him."
"I'm sure he'll call when he can. I know he's working hard," I said.
When we got home, I felt exhausted so I popped some of the pain killers and went to bed.
That night, the dream started out pleasant. I was in my backyard and could see the older girl that was with my neighbor in the yard over. She was wearing the tiny bikini she was the other day and rubbing sunscreen into her skin. Something told me that she was doing this just for me. Her hands guided the lotion over her smooth body. She bent seductively to apply it to her legs, giving me a view of her delicious, full ass. She beckoned me over, I guess to help her, but as soon as I got to her, she dropped to her knees and took my cock in her mouth. She bobbed her head and ran her hands up to stroke my abs. I grabbed her hair and forced my cock down her throat but just as I was about to cum I had the sudden sensation of falling. I woke up in a panic right before I hit the ground.
I was breathing heavy and drenched in sweat. Most disconcerting was the massive erection that begged for attention.
Great, I'm having horny nightmares now.
Judging from the light, it looked like I slept until the early afternoon. I dragged myself out of bed and headed downstairs feeling starved.
My mother met me at the entrance of the kitchen, a concerned look on her face, seeming ready to help me. "I know you don't like to sleep so late, but it seemed like you needed it." She led me to the table and I took a seat in my normal spot.
My mom placed a bowl of cereal and a glass of iced coffee in front of me. "I know you like your coffee hot, but I figured this way you can still get your caffeine buzz without having to lift a cup of hot coffee," she said.
"Thanks mom. I really appreciate it." I was so lucky to have a mom like her. She fretted over me and obviously had a knack for anticipating my every need. I took a sip of the coffee, and although it wasn't the best, I smiled at her appreciatively. "It's great, thanks."
She beamed back and continued to busy herself in the kitchen. I turned back to my plate and reached for the spoon. "Ooof!" I let out in pain.
My mom rushed over. "What's wrong?" Then quickly seeing the issue, said "Oh of course. You're still too banged up to lift the spoon even with your left. Dr. Stein said that it might be a little bit until you could handle fine motor activities like gripping a spoon without pain. Here let me." Mom pulled up a chair and began spoon-feeding me my cereal.
It's like I was a baby again. I thought I felt shitty before, but now I was feeling pathetic. I looked up at my mom. "Sorry you have to do this. I should have been more careful on the roof."
"Oh, it's ok. I don't mind at all. What else is a mom for? Have you remember how iyou ended up falling yet?"
I hadn't yet shared with her what distracted me out of embarrassment. But seeing as how she was spoon-feeding me, I guess I could risk the additional embarrassment.
"The neighbors," I said sheepishly.
My mom had a puzzled look on her face. "Rachel? What was so distracting?"
"Well, you know she and her friends had been watching me up there. I was kind of...enjoying their attention."
My mom chuckled," Oh yea? Go on."
"Well, I was kind of focused on them, and they called out to me or whistled at me or something, right as the sun was shining in my face. Next thing you know it, I'm falling."
My mom was laughing a bit harder now. "Ha. Those girls are going to be the death of you." She laughed and scooted forward to continue feeding me.
I laughed too, feeling a little bit better. "Ha. I know. And weirdest thing I think one of them was in my nightmare last night. She was..." I stopped short as I was suddenly distracted by something. In scooting forward, my mom's robe had shifted and one of her nipples was visible. She didn't seem to have any idea and was still holding a spoon out to me.
"A nightmare about the neighbor? Are you sure it wasn't a...different...kind of dream?"
She chuckled a little, but I barely registered it.
I was stuck on stupid. I had stolen glances in the past, but never been this close. Her breasts were huge and her nipples were small and circled by a perfect areola. Images of me sucking her tits and manhandling her flashed through my mind. I felt my cock stir and looked away, so she wouldn't catch me staring.
"Ummm...hello? Earth to James?" My mom said.
"Oh, sorry. I think I just got distracted by the pain for a second there. I'm just going to go lay down upstairs."
My mom put the spoon down and got up to give me a hug. Thankfully, her boob shifted back under her robe as she pressed her chest into me. "Awww, poor baby. Whatever you need. Take your time. I'm just going to be busy around the house, but I'll come check on you later."
I headed upstairs, and laid down on my bed. The pain really was making it hard to deal and tiring me out. As soon as I laid carefully down, I heard my phone buzz. Kimiko's image popped up on my screen. Shit, I thought to myself. I hadn't even remembered to give her a call to let her know what happened.
As gingerly as I could, I propped the phone up and answered the video call.
"Hey James! Are you OK? Your mom texted and told me what happened. My poor guy," Kimiko said with pouty lips. She was on the balcony of her resort room.
Behind her was a beautiful pool and beyond that a glimmering ocean. I swear I could make out some people in the background, but couldn't make out any clothing. What the hell kind of resort was she at anyway?
I told her about slipping off the roof, but of course left out the part about being distracted a sexy neighbor. "I'm ok, really. I miss you though," I said.
"I miss you too. You would love it here. And guess who misses you too?" Kimiko shifted her phone down and gave me a view of her body. She was wearing an insanely tiny bikini that left little to the imagination. She pulled aside the tiny bit of fabric and gave me a nice view of her slit. She had always taken care to shave herself completely, and was as usual, as smooth as could be. It was without exaggeration to say that she had a pretty pussy. Her skin was tan and her slit was tight and perfect. She teased me by running a finger along and stopping to circle her little clit. "Mmmm, she misses that big dick of yours so much."
"Fuck Kimiko. Don't do this to me." My agony was not exaggerated. My dick strained against my shorts and begged for me to stroke it. I realized it had been a while since I had cum and I desperately needed to. But the way my hands were there was just no way.
Not realizing I was in pain, Kimiko egged me on further. "Oh, no? You don't want this? She panned the camera to show off her tiny, firm ass. I had spent a lot of time worshiping that body and wished nothing more than to take a bite out of her. She panned up and twisted a nipple around. Her areolas were dark and her nipples were tiny, hard points that begged to be licked. "If you don't want it, I'm sure I can find someone here to take it off your hands. Just so you know, it's clothing optional here and I've had an eyeful of stranger's cocks."
My dick raged and begged for release. She loved to toy with me. And I didn't doubt her a bit. We often would openly discuss other people who we found attractive and rev each other up by talking about them.
"No, babe. I mean it. I'd want nothing more than to fuck you right now, but," showing her my hands, "you're making me way too horny and I can't do anything about it," I pleaded.
The camera panned back to her gorgeous face. "Ok fine. I'm sorry. I don't know how much longer I'll be. Just know, all of this is here for you when you can...take things in hand again." She gave a small laugh.
We talked for a bit more but the pain was getting too intense, so I had to get off. I took some more pain killers, and once again passed out.
---
I was standing on the beach, presumably in Jamaica, and watching Kimiko getting eaten out by someone on the sand. Her body tensed and writhed in pleasure. The figure eating her out was shapely with a PAWG ass that begged to be pounded. I took my dick in hand and shoved it into her waiting pussy, and the figure moaned with delight. I pounded away at the delectable, jiggling ass as she pleasured my girlfriend.
The figure began to chant my name, "James, James, Oh James!" To my shock, the voice was that of my mother's. Even though I was shocked, I continued my assault on her from behind while she continued to scream my name.
Suddenly I was being stirred awake. My mother was holding my arm gently and calling my name.
"James? Sweetie, are you OK?"
Confused by the dream, I started to realize what was going on. It was dark outside. "Oh hey. I was just closing my eyes for a bit."
"Yea, you've slept the whole day away again. These pain killers must be strong. I came in because you were moaning. Another nightmare?" she asked concerned.
Far from it this time. No falling, just fucking. Thank god my blanket was still covering me, because my dick was like a diamond under the covers. "No, just a dream."
"OK good. We have pressing matters to discuss." She said, mock concern on her face now.
"Oh, what's wrong?" For a second I worried she knew what I was dreaming about.
"You stink," she said flatly.
She was right. The last thing I had been doing was work on the roof and now it had been a few days, with a hospital stay and some sweaty dreams. I even felt gross. "Yea, Ok. I'll hop in the shower."
"Well... Given the state you are in, I don't know if that's the best idea. I mean you can barely lift a spoon. I'm worried you are going to slip."
I was confused. "OK. So I stink but I can't shower. What are you going to do, give me a sponge bath?" I said jokingly.
My mom smiled and held up a loofah. "Exactly!"
"Whoa, I dunno. That's a little weird isn't it?" I stammered.
"Relax. You got yourself into those shorts right? I assume you can get a bathing suit on. Just pick a small one and I'll come back in and help you in the bath." She smirked, "I would never dream of threatening your modesty, princess," she joked.
There was no was around it. I couldn't sit in my filth for any longer. "OK, fine," I said reluctantly. I hated to be so pathetic. Realizing I sounded ungrateful, I changed my tone. "Thank you, really."
"Of course silly." Mom left to the bathroom and started the bath.
As best I could, I stripped and found a pair of swim trunks from my swim team days. They were kind of like speedos and boxers mixed together.
I made my way to the bathroom which had already steamed up a bit. My mom was waiting with a smile on and loofah in hand.
"There's my patient. Ready for your sponge bath?" she said, making eyebrows at me. She was wearing some light cotton shorts and a loose t-shirt.
My mom wrapped my arms in plastic to avoid getting it wet. and helped me into the water. Despite my embarrassment, I had to admit it felt good. I relaxed as much as I could and let out a deep sigh.
"There you go," my mom said softly. She started by putting shampoo in my hair and lathering my head up. Although I hated being babied, my mom's hands worked their magic and relaxed me even further. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of light scratching and pressure as her hands moved over my head. She took her time, making it a nice experience for me.
"See. This is easy," she said.
"Yea. It's actually kind of nice," I said warmly.
She rinsed my head, then had me lean forward so she could wash my back. I was putty in her hands at this point and did as she asked. Fully relaxed, I just enjoyed the sensation of touch and scrubbing on my back. She made small circles with the loofah over my upper and lower back. She then carefully washed what parts of my arms were accessible.
"You know, you've become a pretty strong young man," she said as she ran her hand over my arms. "You remind me of your father when he was your age. Now lean back."
I did as she asked and she lathered up my chest, then dipping below the water down to my abs. "Yup, a lot like your father. The girls used to go crazy for his abs," she said wistfully. As she did, so she ran her hands over my stomach. In my relaxed state it felt so nice to be touched and appreciated.
All I could do, with eyes closed, was offer back a satisfied grunt. "Mmm."
Mom rinsed me off again with water. "Ok, now I'm going to hold those strong arms of yours and help you up, so I can get your legs." She helped me up out of the water, and went to work on my legs from the back. Again her hands worked their magic and felt amazing. "Ok, turn."
I did as she asked, and saw her eyes nearly bulge out of her head. I guess I was a little too relaxed and didn't really realize that all the touching and physical attention was getting to me. All 9 inches of me were trying to rip through my speedo. Almost the entire outline of my dick was visible against my wet suit. "Oh shit!" was all I could stammer in my embarrassment.
To her credit, although flustered, my mom kept her cool. "It's OK sweetie. Perfectly natural. I'm just going to finish up and rinse you off, and then we are done. OK?"
She was trying her best to power through, but I was mortified. "Oh god. Mom, I'm so sorry. I just..."
"No. No need to explain. Just, do your best to think of boring thoughts. Think of baseball or something," she said, laughing. I could tell she was really trying. She rushed through the rest, and rinsed me off. To my dismay, my hard-on never subsided, but mom just pretended it wasn't there.
We were silent as I stepped out of the tub, and she began to dry me off. I just tried to stare straight ahead and let her finish. She suddenly stopped moving and stopped toweling me off.
Confused I looked down and mom was looking up at me with an apology in her eyes.
"James, baby? Your suit is soaked and sticking to you. I'm sorry, but I don't think you are going to be able to get it off without my help."
"No, no. It'll be fine," I insisted. Though it was half-hearted. I knew it wouldn't be. We both knew it wouldn't be.
"Honey. It's ok. Here's what I'll do. I'm going to go behind you, and pull them down. I'll towel you off then leave you to get dressed. I think you can do that on your own right?"
I just nodded. Feeling helpless.
My mom positioned herself behind me and put her hands on either side of the waistband of my swim suit. "OK, 1, 2, 3." On three, she began to pull down, but I winced in shock.
"Oooh."
"What's wrong!" she said, startled that she hurt me.
I didn't know how to explain, so I just went for the blunt truth. "My dick is getting caught on my waistband when you pull it down." Owing to my massive erection, when she pulled down, the suit refused to go past my dick.
"OK. I got it. I'll just pull it out away from your body." Mom positioned herself closer to me, and in doing so pushed her pillowy tits against my back. This did nothing to help my raging hard on. She gently pulled the swim trunks away from my body and release my massive cock. As she pulled it down I was incredibly aware not only that I was naked, hard, in the bathroom with my mom, but that she was in all likelihood faced with my naked ass right now.
I stepped out of the suit and my mom did her best to towel me off quickly. As she got to my dick, I let out of an involuntarily moan. "Uhnnn." I've been so starved for sex I couldn't help it.
This gave my mom a moments pause, then she finished quickly and seemed to rush out. "I think you have the rest dear. Get dressed and I'll see you for dinner."
I stood naked in my bathroom, aroused and embarrassed. I looked down at my healthy sized cock, still standing at attention, twitching with need. I tried to grip it with my left hand, but pain shot up my hand as soon as I made a grasping grip. "Fuck!"
I resigned myself to get dressed, and had to wait a good ten minutes for my dick to go down before I could put pants on.
---
I didn't see my mom until dinner time. I worried that she was hiding from me in her room. I can't even begin to imagine how weird it was for her to have to see her own son's massive erection. The image of her, eyes wide, staring at the dick straining in my suit was burned into my brain. I felt shame, but my dick stirred as I thought about it more and more. It was embarrassing, but it was also really...hot!
A different part of my mind was coming forward now and rousing my penis. I had to admit that it was a little exciting to have her see me. I am pretty proud of my body and know I'm decently sized. Kimiko loves to worship my dick and spend long sessions playing with it, popping in and out of her mouth without making me cum, or just holding it. She doesn't know that I know she's sent pics of it to her friends as a brag.
Maybe I was a little too horny if I'm getting excited about my mom seeing my big dick. I have to calm down. I sat and battled my thoughts for a while. I thought, 'I need to get over this,' but then in the next instant, 'I wish she would have stayed and stared at my cock more.'
It took a while until my dick died down.
At dinner, things felt pretty normal other than my mom having to feed me again. She was dressed this time in a t-shirt and yoga pants which at least didn't give me a chance to see any nip slips. But god if it still didn't look hot as it hugged her every curve. Her ass stood out prominently and begged to be fucked. And her tits stood so proud on her chest while the shirt gave them some opportunities to bounce and move. Fuck, I needed release.
My mom suggested a movie night which we did occasionally, and I agreed. It sounded nice to get back to something familiar. She poured herself a generous drink, and let me have a tiny bit in a glass since too much wouldn't mix well with my pain meds.
We settled in on the couch and my mother scooted close but didn't cuddle up on me as she normally did for fear that she would hurt my hand. We decided to resume the show Normal People which we had started recently together.
I was enjoying the show, when suddenly I felt my phone buzz next to me. I looked down at the text from an unfamiliar number.
"Hey," the message read. "This is Becca. I'm the cousin of your neighbor. I got your number from my aunt."
It took me a second to realize who it was. So the girl with my neighbor was her cousin.
My mom looked over, "Who is it sweetie?"
"It's the cousin of the girl next door. Her name is Becca. Not sure why she's texting me though."
"Oh," is all my mom said, then she laid down and put her head down on my leg near my crotch. I guess this was a compromise to a cuddle.
I was able to carefully type back a reply with my left hand. "Hey. What's up?" I honestly had no idea why she could be texting.
She wrote back, "I just wanted to check in. We saw you fall and feel terrible."
Me: "I'm ok. Just some broken or bruised bones in both hands. Nothing major. You feel bad?"
Becca: "Yea. I whistled at you as a joke for my little cousin and you slipped right after. I shouldn't have done that."
That's right you shouldn't have, I thought. I wrote, "That's alright. You couldn't have known I would fall."
Becca: "I know. My cousin tells me your really sweet and nice to her, and she would want me to help you feel better."
Me: "Well, she's a good kid. But I'm good. I appreciate you checking in though."
Becca: "I think I can do better than check in though ;)"
I was a little confused, but then my phone buzzed again. Popping up on my screen was picture after picture of Becca in various states of undress. I looked down and made sure my mom couldn't see my screen from where she was laying on my lap.
Becca was pretty hot. She looked to be tall, but maybe it was just because she was lean. She had curly red hair, and light skin (which surprised me considering she was laying out before and had plenty of skin exposed to get tan the other day). She had the face of an all American popular girl, with blue eyes, freckles, and nice lips. Her tits were a lovely C cup and stood perky on her body. Her ass was a nice little bubble. I imagined she was a cheerleader or something. Mostly because thats the vibe she gave off, but also because I could imagine her in a little skirt.
The pictures continued to pour in of her posing, and eventually spreading her very pink pussy lips. I was so horny I couldn't stop staring at my phone and lost the show all together.
Finally, a video popped up. Before I could click it, my mom spoke. "She's really blowing your phone up there isn't she? Everything OK?"
I stammered, "Ummm yea. She's just saying she feels bad for the other day. She feels responsible for me falling."
"That's so nice of her," my mom said, then nestled herself back onto my lap.
"Mm hmm," is all I could reply. I was so horny I just wanted to click the video. I opened it, careful to make sure my volume was down.
In the video, Becca was wearing the bikini I had seen her in the other day. It looked every sexier up close. She teased her nipples through the fabric, then sat down on the floor. after blowing a kiss the camera, she spread her legs and reached for a vibrator she must have had nearby. My dick grew harder as I watched her play with herself and seem to love it. I wanted nothing more than to be that vibrator and shove myself into her. What I would't give to circle that clit with my tongue. My cock raged against my shorts and I felt tortured again as I had no way for relief.
Suddenly my trance was broken. "Umm, James?" I felt my mom shift off my lap and realized my dick wasn't only raging against my shorts. It was pushing up into her face on my lap. I looked down to see where my mom had been, and sure enough the outline of my hard cock was noticeable. A tiny wet spot adorned where the head of my penis was under my shorts.
"Oh, uhh. Ummmm." I had no words. For the second time today I was dumbstruck. I had dropped my phone on the couch and unfortunately it had landed up right, the video still playing. My mom, seeing the movement looked over at it.
"Are you looking at porn right now!" she yelled in shock.
"No! I mean, kind of. No! I didn't look for it."
"Then what's that?"
"It's Becca. She got my number and just started texting me this. She said it's to make me feel better. I'm sorry mom. I just couldn't stop looking when she sent it. It's just been so much lately."
"It?" my mom said. Then she looked down at my still hard cock. "Oh. It..." She understood. Her face turned from shock to sorrow. "Oh, baby. And in the bath. this must be so hard for you, because you can't, you know." She made a little jerking motion with her hand.
I blushed what I assume was a deep red. "No. I mean yea, it's been hard...difficult. And no, I can't do anything about it."
She laughed a bit. "It's clearly...hard." As empathetic as she can be, she really didn't know when not to joke.
"You're on a roll. I'm seriously in pain. I keep having these dreams. Kimiko was teasing me earlier. And now this girl." I had enough control to not mention that my mom played a roll in teasing me.
My mom was silent for a while. She looked upset, then looked to be weighing something in her mind.
"OK," she said, seeming to have made up her mind.
"OK?"
"I'm going to help you?" she said with a determined look.
"What are you talking about?" I was very confused.
She moved back onto the couch, settling into a kind of sit on her knees and got closer to me. "Just pick your phone back up, and watch your movie. I'll take care of the rest. Just, try not to look at me. Focus on the movie."
"What?" I still wasn't getting it until my mom was already pulling at my shorts. I instinctively pulled away. "Mom, what are you doing?"
"I'm helping my son out. It's not normal, but this isn't a normal situation." She continued to pull at my shorts, but I tried to resist.
"Mom, no way." Inside I was so torn. My mom was offering to get me off which was growing to be a fantasy, but could I actually go through with that?
My mom was surprisingly strong and held my shorts firm. "Listen to me. You're struggling and I've decided that I'm doing this for you. Now either watch the show or watch you phone, but this is happening." And with that, she yanked my shorts off.
My cock sprung free. All 9 inches of rock hard steel, pretty cock. She and I both looked at it in shock. She had determined to do it, but I think was still stunned by the sight of it out in the open. She then evened her expression out to appear businesslike and grabbed my shaft. "Look at your phone sweetie."
She hadn't even started jerking, but the feeling was indescribable. Her hands were smooth, and she gave the slightest pressure to my pulsing shaft. I watched her begin to stroke from the base to my tip and I let out a deep satisfied moan.
My mom looked up to see my staring at her. "Press play and turn the volume up. I want you watching that, not me."
I obeyed and pressed play on my phone. With a few button clicks, I raised the volume. Becca was bent over now and shoving the vibrator deep into her pussy from behind. Her delicious ass was spread out for me, and she moaned in pleasure. Hearing that, my mom resumed her stroking and focused on my dick. She stroked my shaft expertly with one hand, and cupped by balls with the other. Waves of pleasure shot up and I closed my eyes while moans and tensing.
I didn't let my eyes stay closed for long. I looked down on my mom, ignoring the video completely. Watching her stroke my dick was much more erotic than the video of the neighbor pounding her pussy. While at first she approached my hand job almost with professional detachment, I could see something had changed. She was looking at my dick with an almost longing expression. She wanted me to cum, of course, but she also looked like she was enjoying it. As she stroked me, her tits gave small bounces in her shirt and her arms were taught and sexy.
The sight of her enjoying my dick pushed me to the edge and I warned my mom I was going to cum. I knew I couldn't last long from all the teasing. She looked up at me and gave me a small smile, almost like she was proud. While still jerking, she raised my shirt up to expose my abs and chest, running her hands over my body. She looked my body over with appreciation, then raised her gaze to look into my eyes with apparent lust.
"Cum, baby. Cum for me," she encouraged.
This was too much for me and with an enormous moan, cum shot from my dick and up onto my body. I was so built up, it felt more cum than I had ever shot before. It felt as if my whole body was draining and I swear I saw stars.
My mom kept up her stroking and purred at me encouragingly. "Mmmm, good boy. That's my boy."
When the pleasure subsided I could open my eyes again. My mom was looking up at me, hand still gripping my throbbing penis, and gave small strokes to milk everything out of me. Cum leaked from my tip and covered her hand. Ropes of cum lay on my stomach and chest, and some had landed on my mom's arm and shirt as well.
With the pent-up arousal gone, I was suddenly hit with an immense shame and embarrassment. What have I done? "I'm so sorry," I said to my mom, feeling terrible.
My mom, still holding my dick, just smiled. "It's OK baby. Do you feel better?" All she wanted was for me to feel alright. She would do anything for me.
"I do," I offered. It was true, I did feel better, but I hid some of my shame because I wanted her to feel ok too.
"Oh good," she said, and smiled lovingly. She looked down at the mess we had made. Back to her joking self, she said, "Well, I guess we have to get you another shower!"