Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction.Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental.
You need to read chapters 1-4 to get background on the characters and story.
All fictional characters participating in any fictional sexual activity are 18 years of age or older.
Voyeur, mf, ff, mff, masturbation
Thanks to Vexingvanna for proofreads and edits.

Chapter 5
Thursday morning after the girls left for school, I made my way to the address Kelly had given Linda to give to me. It was a new high-end apartment complex that catered to Millenials and singles nestled in the heart of the city's social nexus. Bars and clubs were scattered among art houses, galleries, and niche bookstores that stayed open late for the party crowd. The apartments were in a building covered in shiny stainless-steel balconies that caught the sun, and housed one of the more popular clubs. I'd like to think that Dennis wouldn't be into this crowd anymore. We'd done more than our fair share of partying when we were younger. I know I got it all out of my system before Brenda came along.
Well, I thought I did anyway.
Carrie and I had made the commitment to each other long before I proposed. I knew she was the love of my life, and I couldn't imagine an existence without her, but we were still young and hormone driven. She was a classic extrovert who drew energy from other people; the more, the better. She was drawn to a party like a moth to a flame. I wasn't so much into crowds, but I was into her, so wherever she went, I followed. I knew she loved me and I was secure in that love.
As I finished my senior year, the big Greek Bash--a year-end party--was coming. I never pledged, but it was important for the girls to attend. The last party was something of a legend on campus, as the campus police had to respond to multiple complaints of noise and public indecency during past parties, so we were excited about the possibilities of this one. I wasn't the party jock, like Dennis, but I knew how to have a good time, and I was going home with the best looking girl on campus, so I didn't have a problem with attending.
It was a blow-out all right. Everyone who was anyone was there. The entire basketball team was there; some with dates, and some stag. The football players and cheerleaders were clustered together in a raucous crowd dancing to the noise blaring from the huge speakers. Every flat surface was littered with red Solo cups and beer bottles. Soon, the chairs were covered with articles of outer clothing. It didn't take long before the party began to segment into those drinking to get drunk, those looking for more sedate environs to converse, and those looking to hook up anywhere that was handy.
I don't remember drinking that much--I rarely ever did--but by the time the party was going good, I was feeling no pain. It seems that my red solo cup was always full. Dennis started out glued to my side as the evening began, but soon I was in a group of jocks all alone. While the evening was a blur from that point on, I do remember clearly seeing Dennis, Kelly, and Carrie dancing in a group of people.
Carrie was always a vision. Tonight, she was wearing a hardon-inspiring dress that grabbed everyone's attention, and I couldn't help the desire to take her right then. I sidled my way up to her, trying in vain to keep a rhythm and probably failing miserably, but I didn't care. Carrie squealed when I grabbed her from behind and told her I had to have her right then.
"Barry, stop," she laughed and swatted my hand from her ass before throwing her arms around me. "At least wait until we get back to your place."
"Oh, but you are too hot for me to wait, my dear." I nuzzled her neck and slipped my hand from her waist to her breast, unencumbered by a bra under her loose dress. "I have been watching you all night just waiting until I could take you home."
"Geeze, guys," Dennis said. "Get a room!"
"I'm trying," I said laughing.
"You shouldn't worry about them," Kelly slurred. "You have more than you can handle with me anyway." She reached out and grabbed his crotch, but it was so crowded with everyone pressing in on all sides, no one could probably see what she did. She grabbed his face with her other hand and brought him down for a scorching kiss. "We should go," she said, catching her breath. "I want more of that."
She grabbed his hand and led all of us off the dance floor toward the great room of the house. There, we saw something that stopped us for a few moments. As with the first party we attended together so long ago, there was an orgy underway in the room. We weren't as shocked as we were the first time, but it was still a surprise. The head cheerleader was living up to her title by alternating sucking three hard cocks presented to her. Her big hair bounced as her head moved back and forth, while her hands jacked off the two cocks not between her lips. Three other girls were engaged with three guys in a daisy chain that started on the couch and spilled out onto the floor. No one was entirely naked, but no one was fully dressed either. Some girls' tops were pulled up or open, guys pants were tangled around ankles, and one couple was obviously fucking, even though no flesh was visible. Her skirt was covering their union.
One of the jocks backed away from the cheerleader and grabbed a girl who had been standing next to us and, without saying a word, ripped her dress off and lifted her tiny body up until her legs draped over his shoulders while he stood there with his face in her pussy. She didn't offer one word of opposition, and was soon grunting and moaning to his efforts. The girl's date dropped his pants, stepped up, and offered his cock to the cheerleader, who sucked it in without missing a beat. Another of the jocks fixed his eyes on Carrie, who was standing next to me, her nipples flared under her blouse and her face flushed with excitement. She looked primed to fuck, and while I didn't think she would consciously cheat on me, I know how she gets when she gets too excited. Before he could get to his feet, I pulled her away. "Let's go."
I was in no shape to drive, but Dennis seemed okay. In hindsight, none of us belonged behind the wheel, but this was before the maturity of age showed the errors of youth. We made it to my apartment, but Kelly was out on her feet before we opened the door. Dennis carried her to the couch while Carrie and I kissed and necked our way to my room. I wasn't too concerned with whether Dennis was getting any from Kelly or not. I had a hard on and I had Carrie. Everything was fine in my world as I kicked the door shut.
Once we were on the bed, I kissed her neck from the edge of her earlobe to the hollow of her collarbone. She always loved it when I nibbled in that space and then ran my tongue along the muscle of her shoulder. My attentions were rewarded with a deep sigh as she ran her fingers through my hair.
She pressed her hand on my chest and pushed me off her long enough to get out of her clothes. I shucked my shirt and jeans in record time and was right back on top of her as she lay back down, our lips joined in a battle of tongues. I could feel the hard tips of her nipples pressing into my chest and I reached my hand up to cup the swell of her breast. I was nestled between her spread thighs and I could feel the heat of her pussy on my lower abdomen and her juices leaking out, making both of us damp.
Her kisses were almost frantic, like she wanted to devour me. I was just as hungry for her. The fire that was burning between us threatened to utterly consume me, and I began to feel dizzy. If I were anywhere else, with anyone else, I might have been concerned about the sensation. Since I was with Carrie, and I was horny, I just went with it, even though I was feeling disconnected from reality. I could sense touch, and heat, but I couldn't think straight. I felt her reach between us and grab my cock, pulling it to her. The heat from her hand was almost as hot as I felt, and the sensation traveled from my balls to the tips of my toes and back to my head as her fingers smeared the precum that was oozing from my cock head. I slipped up and felt the moisture from her labia on my cock as she rubbed the spongy head over her clit. I could hear the sound of her wetness splashing as she beat her clit with my cock, barely dipping into the open lips to catch more of her juices before drumming on it again. When I had had enough, I surged forward with my hips, burying myself inside her tunnel, making her gasp.
"YES!" She cried out as her pussy seared my cock.
I pulled back and slammed forward again, drawing another "YES!"
Each time I lunged into her, she rewarded me with another "YES!" Slam. "YES!" Slam. "YES!"
I felt her hands on my ass, as though she was trying to pull all of me inside her. "Fuck me harder! Give it to me. Yes!"
I began to swim in the sensations, almost lost to reality as I was deluged with the euphoria of being inside Carrie. I had never felt that way before. Sex with Carrie was always great, but something was different this time. I was having trouble focusing on her pleasure, as I usually did. I was so immersed in the feelings I was experiencing that I kind of lost myself to them. Everything was blurring together.
Before I knew what had happened, I was on my back and I could feel Carrie riding me as she moaned even louder than usual. I wasn't thinking. I wasn't looking. All I was doing was fucking. The only sensation I remember was the wet heat squeezing my cock. I reached for her breasts, but hands were already there, yanking hard on her nipples. Then my tongue was deep in her pussy as my cock was down her throat. Then I remember seeing her ass before me as I drilled into her from behind, red hair flying across her back as her head thrashed around. The rest of the night was a blur of flesh, heat, and cum.
When I woke up the next afternoon, my head throbbed. Opening my eyes was more difficult than trying to push start a tank. My tongue was glued to my mouth in a pool of cotton. When I finally managed to lift my head and look down, I discovered I was not alone in bed. Carrie was draped over me, her brown hair plastered to her forehead. But there was another body in the bed with us. Kelly was in a nightshirt curled up in a ball on the other side of the bed facing the wall, her red hair spilled all over the pillow.
I extricated myself from underneath Carrie, drawing a mumbled groan as she settled back into the pillow I vacated. I slipped my feet to the floor, trying my best to ignore the pounding in my temples, and stood up, swaying as I fought back a wave of nausea. I was confused by many things, but the big one was why was I hung over? I never got hangovers. No matter what I drank, I never suffered from the morning after blues like so many of my friends. I had a doozy of one now.
When I righted myself, I took a step toward the open bedroom door. I know I had closed it when we came home. As I stepped, I almost fell when my foot caught something on the floor. I looked down to see Dennis sprawled out on the carpet at the foot of the bed. He was wearing only a pair of gym shorts and his pasty white legs were in my way.
I turned around. Carrie and I were naked, but Dennis and Kelly were covered. Why were they in our bedroom? Had something happened last night? Did I miss something? It was all so hazy that it was impossible to figure out. It didn't help that my head felt like it was a sack of marbles rolling around in a large bell.
Something didn't add up, but I couldn't put my finger on what that was. Of course, my mind was so muddled it was a miracle I figured out how to walk.
When the rest of them woke up and everyone had showered and dressed, we sat around the table nursing coffee and trying to make sense of what had happened. No one remembered anything after we got home. After Dennis took Kelly back to the dorm--he offered to take Carrie, but I said I would--Carrie and I had one of the most awkward talks we would ever have.
"Are you mad?" Her voice was a wavering whisper, and she wouldn't look at me.
"At what?"
"I don't know," her eyes darted from my face to the floor and back again as though she was looking for some sign in my expression before she shrugged. "You look mad."
"I'm not mad. I'm worried. I never get that drunk. I never have hangovers, and I never blackout. I wonder if someone at the party spiked the drinks. Don't you feel odd?"
"Well, I was drunk, I know. But I've been drunk before. I don't think I was drugged, but I - how would I know?" She didn't seem as concerned as I felt. Perhaps I was making too much out of it. Perhaps I just lost track of how much I was drinking, or perhaps I mixed liquor and beer, or something. I decided to change tack.
"Why do you think Kelly and Dennis were in our room?"
"I don't know. I don't remember them coming in." Her lips and eyes drew into narrow lines, as if trying to remember something. "The last thing I remember was cumming really hard while I was riding on you." She blushed a smile. "I think I passed out after that."
"Oh, no. I remember we played around a bit more after that. It's kind of hazy," I said leering at her, "but I'm pretty sure I got a couple more orgasms out of you before I passed out."
Carrie smiled briefly, then her face faltered. I swear I thought I saw a flash of fear in her eyes, but then it went away. "Oh, well, maybe. I really don't remember. I wish I did, though. I'm kinda sore down there."
I bent down and nuzzled her neck. "You were on fire, Carrie. I do remember you screaming and almost breaking my back at one point." She straightened up when I said that, almost like she remembered something. "What," I asked. "What did I say?"
The fear was back in her eyes. "Barry, I um, I don't...well," she faltered.
"Hon, what is it?"
"I'm...I don't know. Uhm. I guess I'm glad the semester's almost over. I don't know if I can keep partying like last night."
"Well, I hear that. It was a bit extreme." I tossed back the last of my now lukewarm coffee. "I still think someone spiked the drinks."
She sat in silence for a moment as she traced her fingers over the handle of her coffee cup. "Maybe. I don't know. I doubt we'll ever know." She shook her head, and immediately regretted it. "Ow!"
"You want some aspirin?" Even though I've never had one before, I knew that hangover headaches were a bitch.
"No. Just....will you hold me?" She suddenly looked fragile, which was the first time she ever looked like that. One of the things I loved about her was her strength. She had always had an indomitable spirit. Now she looked almost broken. Her hangover must be really bad. "Please?"
She didn't need to ask twice as I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her from her chair into my lap.. She rested her cheek on my chest and folded her legs under her as I stroked her back. "I love you, Barry. You know that, right?"
"I love you, too, Carrie."
"But you know I love you, don't you?"
"Of course I do. And you know I love you."
"I do. Oh, Barry I do know. I just want to be sure you know. I couldn't bear it if you ever doubted my love for you." Tears started streaking her cheeks.
"Carrie?" I lifted her chin, my brows creased with worry, and dipped my head to see her eyes. "What's wrong?"
Her moist eyes flickered back and forth as she looked into mine for a short eternity. "Nothing. It's nothing. I just want...I just need...well, I need you to hold me, that's all. Will you hold me forever?"
"Carrie, I'll never let you go."
"No matter what?"
"No matter anything."
The actual proposal was a more elaborate affair--involving a limo ride, fine dinner and a walk along a garden path--that wouldn't take place for another month or two, but that morning, huddled together in my kitchen, is when we became engaged.
We did dial back the partying, but we were still college kids, so it didn't actually stop. At least, not yet.
#
"What?" The word exploded as soon as the door swung open, and bounced down the pastel-colored, door-lined hallway. Spartan barely described the decor of the building. I had to guess it was because it was new and maybe they hadn't finished decorating, but modern aesthetics always escaped me. Dennis stood there in clean workout clothes that showed no sign of sweat. I had repeatedly rang the bell as well as knocked, so I could imagine why he was so brusque when he finally answered.
"Is that how you greet a friend?"
Dennis smirked as he regarded me. I was dressed like I was going to the office--which I was, eventually--even though I had retired. But he didn't know about my retirement any more than Brenda did. "Sorry," he muttered. "What can I do for you, Barry?"
"Well, I think you know. Are you going to invite me in?"
His face showed the inner debate going on in his mind before he turned around and walked inside, leaving the door open. I followed, shutting the door behind me. The living room was empty except for a futon, a coffee table, a TV tray, and a collection of cardboard boxes with clothes hanging off the open flaps. A pizza box sat on the coffee table next to several empty beer bottles. No. Not beer. Stella Artois. Dennis always had a pretentious flare. Give me Yeungling any day.
Dennis shoved a blanket off the edge of the futon and dropped into it. While he wasn't dressed for work, he was clean shaven and didn't look bad. Aside from the mess of the apartment, he didn't seem to be in too bad a shape considering what he was going through.
"Are you just going to stand there? I assume you're here to tell me to go back to Kelly."
I measured my words. I didn't want to pick a fight that he was clearly geared up for. "Not my place to do that, Dennis."
His eyebrows lifted at that. "Why not?"
"What happens between you and Kelly isn't really my business, and it isn't my place to tell you what to do in your life. You know I love both of you. We've known each other like forever. You were both there for me when Carrie died and I want to be here for you both now."
He looked at me as he weighed my words. I drove on. "Look, I can't pretend to know what's going on with you. I know I haven't been much of a friend these past few years since Carrie died. Maybe I was worried being around you guys would remind me of her too much. Maybe that's a cop-out. I dunno. What I do know is there is a little girl living at my house who is wrecked right now."
"Linda's staying with you?" Clearly Dennis was out of touch and hadn't talked to either Kelly or Linda in a while.
"Since you left."
He was quiet for a long moment. "How's she holding up?"
Well, at least he is concerned about her. "She's a mess. She has been all week. Brenda's trying to be there for her, but with the rape case..."
Dennis bounced up. "Wait. What? Was Linda raped?"
"Linda? No, of course not. A friend of hers was, and a teammate stands accused of it. It's disrupted things at school and threatens to interrupt the season. So, on top of her parents splitting up, she stands to lose one of the things she loves most. So, no. She's not holding up too well, right now. She needs her father to tell her things will be alright."
Dennis rolled his eyes so hard his whole head moved. "Don't start laying a guilt trip on me, Barry."
"You think that's what this is?"
"Look, I'm sorry Linda is hurt about what's going on, but I can't see going back to Kelly. Not just to make my daughter happy. I've sacrificed my happiness too long as it is."
"What are you talking about?"
"Barry, you haven't been around in a while, okay? Kelly is not the same girl she was before Carrie died. Hell she hasn't been the same since Linda was born."
"What do you mean?" Could it be that I was so wrapped up in my own grief that I failed to think about how Carrie's passing would affect her best friend so much that it wrecked her marriage? Was I that insensitive?
"Look, you remember how things were at college, right? The parties, the fun, the excitement?"
I nodded warily.
"Kelly and Carrie were unstoppable. They were dynamic. You and I were the lucky bastards that landed them and got to enjoy their passion for life."
I smiled at the poetic way he remembered Carrie. I felt a tightness in my chest.
"Once Kelly got pregnant, things were fine for a while. But then, after Linda had her scare, Kelly withdrew. Then Carrie died and Kelly shut down."
When the girls were around 11, just a year or so before Carrie died, Linda got sick and the doctors had no idea what was wrong with her. She had been admitted to the pediatric ICU for more than a week while they ran tests. Eventually she recovered, even though the doctors never found out why she was sick in the first place. Modern medicine at its finest.
"Barry, she and I haven't had sex in six months. And not because I didn't want to."
"From what I hear, that hasn't stopped you."
"Alright, fine," he shouted, waving his arm. "Yes, I had an affair. I had to. Kelly wouldn't touch me! It's like sex became something to avoid. She went back to her parent's church and began spouting all kinds of nonsense about purity at me."
"You never said anything..."
"What was I gonna say? You weren't hanging with us anymore. I don't hold it against you, bro. I know Carrie's death hit you hard and you had to take care of Brenda. So, no. I wasn't gonna dump it all on you. Besides, what was I gonna say? 'Hey, Barry. Could you ask Kelly to fuck me once in a while?'"
I couldn't think of anything to say to that. I do remember Kelly going back to church after Linda's illness, but I didn't think anything of it, and Carrie didn't seem to think it was a big deal. After Carrie died, I kind of stopped worrying about Kelly and Dennis. "Dude, I am sorry."
He waved his hand and paced toward the kitchen, where the counters were lined with more empty bottles. "Don't worry about it. What's done is done. And we're done." He pulled open the fridge. "Wanna beer?"
I knew I shouldn't. I still had to go to the office and I still needed to find some way of helping fund the season for the team, and I had to drive to do all of it, but then, one beer wouldn't hurt. Provided it was a real beer. "Real beer? Not that Stella shit?"
"Gotcha. One Sam Adams coming up."
He tossed the bottle to me, and I caught it one handed. It was just like we used to do back when we spent weekends knocking back cold ones back in college. After opening the bottle, I cocked my elbow, flipped the cap onto the pad of my thumb and with a flick of my finger, sent it flying back toward the kitchen trash. The cap ricocheted off the wall right into the plastic can. It was a party trick I learned in college.
"Still got it, Barry," Dennis mentioned after taking a long pull from his bottle.
I chuckled. At least I still got something. I took a swig of my beer as I tried to think of what to say. "Dennis, I don't know what's going on with Kelly. I haven't really talked to her, other than when Linda showed up at my house. Would you mind if I talked to her?"
"Why would I? It won't make any difference. You think I didn't try to talk to her about it? I even tried to get counseling, but all she would agree to was going to talk to her preacher. Hell, he was the reason she was like that in the first place. Why would I want to talk to him?"
"I see. So, what about this girl you were seeing? Linda thought you would be living with her."
He looked a bit surprised. "What? No."
Well, I was glad to hear that. At the very least, it would be bad form to move in with another woman before the divorce papers have even been filed.
"Besides, she dumped me when I told her I left Kelly. Seems she liked things casual and me being single would complicate things for her. Hell, I think she just didn't want a commitment. Kinda ironic isn't it?"
"How so?"
"I start having affairs just for sex, but then I fall for a girl who was having an affair with me just for sex, and she dumps me for wanting more than just sex."
"You could've kept things the way they were..."
"Yeah, I could have. But I was tired of the bullshit. Having to lie to Kelly and Linda. Having to make excuses. It was exhausting."
I could see how it would be. I could also see that there was nothing I could say that would make him reconsider. Obviously I needed to talk to Kelly. "Could you do me a favor?"
"What?"
"Come by the house tonight and talk to Linda. She misses you. You don't have to talk about Kelly. But Linda needs her dad."
He was silent for a moment as he stared off through the window overlooking the clubs. "Yeah, I guess I can stop by for a bit." He looked at his beer as he swirled the bottle. "Will, uh, will Brenda be there?"
"Of course. She lives there."
"Right, of course. Sure. I'll stop by."
"Cool. We're eating at 7 if you want to have dinner with us. Linda would probably like that."
"Uhm, yeah. Sure. 7."
I let myself out, pausing briefly at the door. "7."
"Right."
For some reason, I got the feeling I didn't need to tell Linda he was coming. And why was he concerned with Brenda? I shook my head as I made my way to the elevator. Something wasn't fitting together here.
#
My meeting with the president of the school board and the district superintendent didn't go as well as I'd hoped. I met them in the superintendent's office. With hard wood paneling, gilded framed paintings adorning the walls, antique brass fixtures, and leather chairs, the office was kind of ostentatious considering the scarcity of money they purported to have in the district. Superintendent Lacey was dressed better than most Hollywood royalty, too. He was tall and fit with a full head of hair that was just beginning to gray at the temples. No doubt he wasn't pinching pennies, being the important man he obviously thought he was. He made sure to let me know several times how gracious he was being by meeting with me in the first place. I only managed to get the meeting because the CEO of my former firm was on the school board. The emergency board meeting had already been held, and the decision pretty much set in stone. They confirmed what Brenda relayed to me. Without the Landry endowment, there would be no funds for the swim team. The budget had been set with the expectation of the funds being released at the beginning of the quarter, and the shortfall was actually going to impact more than the swimming program. The board was already looking for emergency funds just to keep other programs running until the next fiscal year.
I did get a pledge that the district would allow the team to compete if they could secure their own funding, so if Brenda could raise the money, it would work. They also permitted me to use my pool for the team practice as long as it was in an unofficial capacity after school hours. They were worried about lawsuits. John Metherd, the board president, a short, thin, wiry man with a prominent nose, pulled me aside as I was leaving the office. I knew of Metherd but had never been formally introduced. He led me toward the elevator and pushed the button before speaking.
"Look, Mr. Brandford, I understand your situation. My oldest daughter is on the swim team, too. My youngest has been looking forward to joining next year. I know your Brenda is poised to earn some significant recognition for her talent and skill, especially considering that she's graduating this year."
"Well, thank you..." I sensed he had more to say, and I was content to wait for it.
"Look, this is highly irregular, but I know several business leaders in town. Perhaps we can help your daughter with her fundraising. I'd hate for my Lucy to miss out on following in her sister's footsteps if the program were to be permanently suspended."
I raised my eyebrows at that. Brenda would be thrilled to know she had backers in the business community. The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. We stepped back as a very attractive brunette in a pencil skirt and ruffled blouse exited looking like she just stepped out of a glamor magazine. Since I hadn't been on a date in more than a month, she seized my undivided attention. She said hello to Metherd before casting her radiant blue eyes up and down my frame. I reciprocated, which drew a sly smile from her full lips. "Hello, Mist...I mean Diane," Metherd said as she stepped past him.
"John." She turned to face him. "Are you coming to the party this weekend?"
Methered seemed momentarily unnerved but recovered quickly. "Of course. Wouldn't miss it."
"Great." She looked at me again like a chef appraising a cut of beef. "Who's your friend?"
"My apologies. Diane West, this is Barry Brandford. Barry and I were just discussing the, uh, swim team issue."
"Right," she said with a nod. "Terrible thing, that. All the more reason for the party. John, why don't you bring Barry with you. I'm sure he could use a little fun."
John's eyes widened before he shrugged. "Sure. Whatever you wish, mi...I mean, Diane."
She cocked her eyebrow at him ever so slightly before giving me a smile that could thaw icebergs. She turned and walked away with a swing that belonged on a playground. "See you later, then."
Metherd and I both watched until the doors closed in front of us. "Uh..where were we?"
"Business leaders in town..." I prompted.
"Right. Of course. Now, you must understand many of them do business with Landry, so it would have to be done quietly. Like the district, they can't afford to jeopardize the money supply, if you get my meaning."
I did. After saying goodbye, I drove over to a couple of businesses I knew to put out feelers about the project with mixed results. This was going to be an uphill battle to be sure, but if Metherd was right, we could get it done. I went to my former office to finish the work I had promised and to talk with Joe, my former boss. He agreed to help as much as he could, which wasn't a hell of a lot, but it was better than nothing.
On my way home, I considered veering over to the Mitchell's house. I had to talk to someone who would make sense of the drama, and since Dennis didn't seem to know what happened with Kelly, I figured maybe she would shed some light. Then I thought better of it. It was already getting close to dinner time, and the girls would be expecting me back. I made a mental note to visit Kelly tomorrow. Perhaps she could help me understand what Dennis was talking about.
My granny's words rose unbidden from the depths of my memory. "Don't stick your nose in other people's business," she would say. "Especially marriages. That's the quickest way to get it bent out of shape." She also said it could end friendships. I could see that happening if things went south. Of course, I hadn't been close to either of them for almost six years, so what did I have to lose?
#
When I got home, the girls had already started making dinner. The smells from the kitchen told me that much. I dithered on whether or not to mention that Dennis might show up, but considering his state of mind, I kind of doubted he would. As I pondered, something was nudging my consciousness. Something was off. Something was different. It made me uncomfortable, and when I get uncomfortable, I start looking closer at things.
The house was clean as usual. Brenda always did a good job of picking up after herself and tending to her chores. I know enough to know that when most kids do their chores without nagging, they are trying to either butter up for a big ask, or cover up a big mistake. Brenda wasn't like that, unless she had always been like that and I've been falling for it hook line and sinker for years. I doubted that. I don't know if Linda helped her, since she was staying with us, but it seemed likely. Linda was a very conscientious girl, after all. No, the house looked fine.
I looked out the French doors at the pool. It seemed normal. No mess out there, the water surface rippled letting me know the filter was humming along fine. The patio furniture was in its place. No wet towels were cast about. No kids were gathering which would have been a violation of the rules on a school night. I turned around as Brenda came up from the kitchen.
"Oh!" She stopped short, her hand over her chest. "Hey Dad. You spooked me."
"Sorry, sweetie," I said. The reason for my odd feeling started to become clear. Brenda was dressed up. I blinked. She was wearing a dress. She hardly ever wore a dress. The last time I saw her in a dress was when she interviewed for her college application. This dress made that one look frumpy. This frock demonstrated in no uncertain terms that Brenda was a young woman. It hugged every curve and line of her body from her ample bosom along the flare of her hips to her well-toned legs. She even had makeup on. She is a girl, so she does wear makeup, but usually much more understated than what she was sporting this evening. She looked like she had a date. "Uhm, Brenda. Are you planning on going out tonight?"
"No," she answered without blinking. "Why do you ask?"
"Well, you look...well...uhm..."
"Oh this?" She held her arms out and turned around, showing off the slope of her buttocks, presented spectacularly by the drape of the dress. "I just felt like dressing up for dinner. We don't do this enough."
"Honey, we don't do this at all."
"Well, it's time we should."
At that time Linda made her appearance and my heart jumped making me audibly catch my breath. Linda's strawberry-blond curls had been beaten into submission with a straight iron and pulled to one side of her face, where it draped over her shoulder. She was wearing what I think they call a tube dress, it was off her shoulders and form-fitting. It took every fiber of my being to avoid looking at her ample breasts and devastating ass, no doubt made even more breath-taking in that dress. They both looked much more mature. If I didn't know any better, I would think them in their late twenties. I would also be trying to find an angle to hit on them. I blinked several times.
"Hi, Mr. B. Do you like our dresses?" She struck a perfect model's pose, her hip cocked out, knee flexed, up on her toe on that leg, hand on her hip. The pose just accentuated her figure and I felt myself stirring at the sight.
"They're lovely." Keep your eyes on her face I told myself. "Can I ask where they came from?" I leveled a look at my normally frugal daughter.
"We raided Bethany's closet today," Linda offered. "Of course, this may or may not be hers," she grinned. "There is an outside chance they're her mom's. Bethany borrows her clothes all the time." Both girls giggled.
"But her mom has such nice clothes," Brenda explained. "Bethany, too. Don't worry, we'll return them tomorrow."
"Or next week..." More giggling.
At least they were back to conspiring together, like the besties I had raised. Whatever tension between them seemed to have vanished. At least it looked like that. "Well, you both look beautiful. I feel honored that you would dress up for dinner. Speaking of which, what's on the menu?"
"Blackened chicken, spinach, and blue cheese salad with raspberry vinaigrette dressing," Brenda announced sounding every bit like a chef announcing the evening special.
"That sounds as good as it smells, which is amazing. I hope you made enough, because I sure am hungry."
The girls giggled again. "It's almost ready. Would you like something to drink before we move to the dining room?"
The dining room? We haven't eaten in the dining room since, oh, six years ago. A touch of melancholy reared its head as I realized it was during Carrie's wake, but I shook it off. I wasn't going to let that ruin the evening Brenda planned for us. With a dubious mind, I stepped through to the dining room to see the table already set with three place settings, linen napkins, and lit candles. It had a sense of a romantic rendezvous, which made me wonder what the girls had planned.
Before I could spend too much time on it, the doorbell rang. I didn't know who it could be at first, since no one usually came around this late, but then it hit me. He came, after all. I left the girls at the table and crossed the room to the foyer.
"Dennis," I said as I opened the door. "Glad you could come. Please come in." I turned around and watched a series of emotions play on Linda's face. I saw shock, then a hint of a smile, then a narrowing of her eyes, then a quivering of her lower lip. She made an odd sound before darting into the kitchen, leaving Brenda in the dining room as Dennis and I moved into the room from the foyer.
"I, uh, almost didn't," he said. "For just that reason. I'd better go. She clearly doesn't want me here..."
"Nonsense," I caught his arm before he could move. "She's just surprised. I didn't get a chance to tell them you were coming. It's my fault. Brenda..." I turned to my daughter, but her face was a dark mask I'd never seen before. I'd heard of "resting bitch face" before, but there was no resting on hers. It was quite actively being bitchy. I'd never seen an expression that was at the same time blank and threatening. "Do we have enough for Dennis?"
She didn't respond.
"Brenda!" I stepped in front of her. "Do we have enough for one more?"
"Yes, dad," she said through clenched teeth as her eyes flinted back and forth between Dennis and me before she forced a smile. "We do. Let me just set another place."
As she turned and walked into the kitchen, one thought ran through my mind: What was her problem?
"I have scotch, if you'd like," I offered Dennis.
"Uhm, thanks, but no. I don't think, under the circumstances..."
"Right. I get it." I did, too. I also really wanted one to settle the nerves that flared with the girls' reaction to Dennis. Still, if my guest wasn't drinking, it would be rude for me to. "Beer?"
"Not the crap you drink," he tried a joke on for size. It fit. We both chuckled. Dennis had a pretentious taste, while I was a meat and potatoes man.
The girls brought out the food and set it on the table before returning to get drinks. Dennis and I took chairs adjacent to each other, leaving the opposite chair for the girls. Brenda sat opposite Dennis, while Linda was next to her. We sat in awkward silence for several moments, the only sound was the clinking of silverware on plates. Dennis didn't look up from his plate and the girls could only steal glances at each other. Neither would look at Dennis.
"So," my voice sounded much louder than I thought, "I had that talk with the District today."
"Oh, my God. I totally forgot." Brenda and Linda both perked up. "What'd they say? Can we have the funding?"
"Sadly, no," I began. "Hold on," I hastily added when they both drooped in their seats. "They did agree to allow the team to train here, at our pool, after school. And they did allow us to plan 'alternate funding.' So we're not shut down for good."
"Alternate funding?" Dennis furrowed his brow. "What are you talking about?"
I filled him in on the Landry situation and how the district dealt with it. To his credit, he was every bit as incensed as we were. "I have gotten a commitment from Joe to help sponsor the team, but it won't be enough by itself. We need more."
"Well, I'll ask my board to help. We were just discussing community involvement at our last leadership meeting."
Linda glanced at him; her face a confusing mask of mixed emotions.
"Well, that's a start. Now, girls," I leaned in. "You're not off the hook. You'll probably still need to raise some pretty good money on your own. Have you given that any thought? Maybe a car wash?"
"Or candy sales?" Dennis suggested.
"I heard some kids actually clean houses..."
"Well, dad," Brenda shot a quick look at Linda, "we've been thinking about that, and we've talked with the other girls--including Ivory's sister Austin--and we might have a pretty good idea how to do it." She and Linda grinned like cats full of canaries.
If I'd only known what that meant.
#
Once the ice had been broken, Dennis and Linda began talking during dinner. I was glad to see them interacting, although it was still subdued and somewhat sad. They talked about Speedo Boy's case, and Mr. Landry pulling the funding from the school. Brenda kept quiet throughout the discussion. I guess she was giving them space to sort out their issues, but she still seemed to be between a simmer and a seethe when I caught her looking at Dennis. It confused me because I understood her desire to protect Linda, but her reaction seemed more direct than that. She was mad at him.
"Honey," I leaned close to Brenda and whispered while Dennis was talking about his new apartment and telling Linda he had a room for her to use whenever she came over. "I get that Dennis hurt Linda, but why are you taking it so personally?"
Her eyes flared and I drew back slightly before her expression softened. "He cheated," she said. "He lied. He betrayed...everyone."
I blinked. While that was true, I never knew fidelity to be such a hot-button issue for Brenda. Carrie and I were always faithful to each other, so we never exposed Brenda to the horrors of infidelity. "That's true, but that's between him and Kelly. Not him and Linda, or us."
Her mouth dipped into a frown for a second. I could see different thoughts playing behind her eyes as she tried to sort out her feelings. "No, you're right. I'm being unfair." She looked at him with pain in her eyes. "I'll be okay."
Something's not adding up. Before I could think more about it, voices were getting louder on the other side of the table. "I don't want to go to your apartment. I don't want to go home."
"But Linda, honey, you can't stay here forever. Your mom misses you."
"How would you know? You haven't been there either. Have you even called her?"
"Don't raise your voice to me," he flared, but then dialed it back. "Linda. These are difficult times for all of us. But that doesn't mean we all go our separate ways. Your mom needs you. She can't lose both of us at once."
"Oh, so it's okay for you to walk out on us, but I have to stay where you want me? What about what I want?"
"You're too young..." he started to say.
"I'm eighteen," Linda's volume had been climbing with each sentence. She was almost yelling. "That's legal. I can live wherever I want."
"Hey!" I interjected. "How about we make some milkshakes and listen to some music? Maybe watch some stand-up on Netflix?" I got up and made a show of gathering the dishes. Brenda, thankfully, followed my lead by reaching between Linda and Dennis to gather their plates, making them both sit back.
"Linda, could you get the glasses?" She paused in front of her friend. I saw the pointed look she gave her.
Linda hesitated for a moment, and Brenda cast her eyes at me and tilted her head. I don't know what they were saying to each other, but it was a silent conversation that only they could hear. Linda stood and grabbed her father's glass off the table. "Sure. I'll get the glasses." She pivoted around and marched into the kitchen.
Dennis threw his napkin on the table. "This was a mistake, Barry. She's clearly not ready to talk to me." He pushed back from the table as we heard the girls turn on the water to do the dishes.
"Dennis, maybe it's not just her. You can't talk to her like she's still a kid. She is eighteen, you know."
"Oh, I know. Look Barry, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but Linda has been pushing things at home for some time. I think she's going through some kind of rebellious phase. She's argumentative, obstinate, disrespectful to both me and Kelly. It's been going on for a while now. Long before I left. I haven't had a civil conversation with her in a while."
Linda? Sweet little Linda? "She's always been an angel when she's over here. Best behavior. Like all the time."
"Kids always behave better with anyone besides their parents," Dennis said. "That's what my mom always told me, anyway."
"Look, she's welcome here until things get settled with Kelly."
"Well, I'm not entirely in favor of the idea. Kelly needs her. I worry what she might do, left all alone like this." He started walking toward the foyer. "Look, Barry. I appreciate the offer, and I thank you for the meal, but I think it's best if I go." By the time he had his hand on the door, I saw him look over my shoulder. I turned around to see Brenda looking at us from the kitchen door. Her expression had a palpable effect. "Yeah, I need to go." He opened the door and stepped into the night but turned around. His eyes welled up as he spoke. "It's been great spending time with you, Barry. I've missed you. Take care of my little girl."
"I will." We hugged before he took off.
#
The rest of the evening was tense. We did the dishes in silence. I cleared, Brenda rinsed and loaded, and Linda wiped down everything. It was like a well-oiled machine. A very quiet machine. After we were finished, the girls changed into nightshirts and came back to the living room where I was reading my phone while drinking a Yeungling--my second. I had also changed into my gray PT shorts and my Def Leppard shirt. I was so engrossed in my phone I didn't hear the girls come in. I was so used to constant chattering with these two, it seemed surreal without it. I resisted the urge to start talking, though. I didn't want to pick at any open wounds with Linda or ignite any fires with Brenda. I don't know what was going on with them, but it had me on eggshells and I was getting tired of tiptoeing around.
"I'm heading to bed," I said standing up. "Dinner was delicious, girls. Thank you for that."
"You're going to bed now?" Brenda seemed overly concerned. Linda looked stricken. "But it's only 9."
"I'm exhausted. It's been a hell of a day."
"You can say that again," Linda mumbled.
Brenda flashed her friend a look. "But I thought we'd watch a movie or something. Right Linda? We were going to watch a movie?"
"You two feel free," I offered. "I'd probably doze off before the opening credits were done."
"Please stay with us, Mr. B." The plea was in Linda's eye, and though she wasn't begging, I could sense her need. It was kind of like that morning I woke up to find her in my bed needing a cuddle.
"We'll even watch those superhero movies you love so much," Brenda added.
"Oh, come off it. You love them, too." Brenda practically dragged me to the theater when a new Marvel movie was released.
"Only the Chrises. Hemsworth, Evans, Pratt. They're so yummy." She had that playful glint in her eye. "I'll even bring you another beer."
I rolled my eyes at that, which got a giggle from both girls as I plopped down in my spot on the couch as Brenda retrieved my beer. Before I could settle in, Linda glommed herself at my right side, folded her legs under her, and rested her head on my shoulder. I looked at Brenda as she handed me the cold, sweaty bottle, and she shrugged before claiming the recliner with the remote. I wrapped my arm around Linda's tiny shoulders as she pulled a throw over our bare legs.
Her body was so warm and comfortable against mine it would have been easy to forget she was my daughter's best friend. As the movie started, Linda had her arm laying across my abdomen, her hand resting just below my rib cage. I didn't think anything of it aside from how pleasant it felt. My hand rested on her right hip, over the blanket. Again, it wasn't a conscious thought, it just felt comfortable there; right somehow. I downed half of my third Yeungling as I sat there enjoying it.
As we lay there, I was aware of her breathing; of the pressure of her breasts on my chest with each and every breath she took, of the warmth of her breath blowing over me. The comfort, the beer, and my exhaustion, led to my eyelids getting heavy fairly quick. I felt myself sliding down on the cushion into a more relaxed posture, and Linda shifted with me. She lifted her face and nuzzled my neck briefly as she did so. "You smell so nice," she murmured and I felt her hot breath on my neck, triggering me to catch my breath.
I glanced over to Brenda, but she seemed engrossed in the movie. I had no idea what was going on in the film. My existence was wrapped up in a bundle of warm softness in my arms. I wondered--not for the first time--how her soft skin would feel on my bare chest. How it would feel to have her straddle my hips and lay on top of me as we kissed. How it would feel to move inside her. I downed the last of my beer to distract me from the not-so-pure thoughts running through my mind. A loud explosion in the movie drew my attention to the TV. Linda and Brenda were both apparently engrossed in the film, so clearly, she just needed a cuddle for cuddling sake. I was both relieved and disappointed at the realization.
I tried to engage the movie, but I had seen it so many times that it was difficult to focus on the action, especially with such an enticing distraction under my arm. My fingers had unconsciously already started tracing the curve of her hip bone where my hand rested. Her hand was doing the same thing on my abs, the thin fabric of the shirt the only thing separating our hands from each other. It was just idle fidgeting. Nothing overtly sexual. But it sure was sensual. I closed my eyes and drew a deep breath, inhaling the scent of her hair, and allowed myself to enjoy the sensations.
It had been a while since I held a woman in my arms; at least held one in a manner that wasn't comforting. My last date was more than a month past, and my body was craving intimacy. The taste of soft lips against mine, the weight of a warm body on mine, the feel of a woman's skin sliding over mine, and the heft of a breast in my hand all were sensations I was missing. But it wasn't just the physical sensations I missed. I also yearned for a woman's desire. The heady feeling of knowing she wants me as much or more as I want her. To work each other up to the point of ecstasy several times before allowing ourselves to crash over the crest into a mutual explosion of bliss, knowing that most of the satisfaction comes from pleasing her rather than her pleasing me.
I had really avoided making those connections since Carrie died, opting instead for casual dalliances when the need arose. Perhaps it was time for me to think differently about women. Perhaps I needed to actually have a spiritual connection instead of a purely physical one. Linda had been in my arms a lot lately, needing emotional comfort, and I know I felt an emotional comfort from those embraces, too. Perhaps, just perhaps, I needed to know that I could hold a woman for both emotional and physical needs.
I felt certain that my physical needs could be met by Linda, but it seemed so wrong, somehow. I couldn't take advantage of an emotionally frail child, who happened to be the daughter of old friends and my daughter's best friend, no matter how much I wanted to. Besides, she only sees me as a surrogate father.
She couldn't know how much I wanted her. How she affects me every time I see her. How her eyes ignite a passion deep inside me. How the way the light plays in her hair sends a bolt of energy to my heart. How the curve of her hips sends a bolt of energy to my groin. How I constantly imagine myself holding those hips as I drive my seed deep insider her as she soaks me in her juices.
A loud musical crescendo shook me back to reality. I must have dozed off, because the end credits of the movie were rolling on the big screen. I lay there as they scrolled, my mind in that fog state between consciousness and sleep. My ruminations had resulted in a tightness in my shorts, as I had sprouted an erection. What made it more awkward was that Linda had slid down so her head was in my lap with her face resting against my tumescent bulge. Her eyes were closed, and her breathing seemed regular, so I guessed she had fallen asleep herself. I glanced over to see that Brenda was curled up asleep in my recliner, the remote balanced on the arm of the chair. I started to move, but Linda's hand tightened on mine, squeezing it even tighter to her breast. Wait. My hand was holding Linda's breast again.
Rational thought was impossible now. Linda moved ever so slightly in my lap, her face rubbing against my fabric covered cock as her hand squeezed mine, forcing my fingers to knead her breast. I could feel the hard nub of her nipple pressing into my palm through the fabric of her shirt.
Time slowed to a crawl as I enjoyed the sensations of her body lying there against me, her breath warm on my cock through the fabric of my shorts, her firm breast in my palm. I couldn't help but allow my fingers to stroke her and pinch her nipple ever so slightly. She groaned in her sleep, but I felt her shift her chest more firmly into my grip. My cock lurched as she responded to my touch and my breath caught in my throat as I could have sworn she intentionally nuzzled the shaft against her cheek. Her mouth was slack, but open enough to feel her hot breath through the fabric.
I should have stopped there. I should have gotten up and sent the girls to bed and gone to my room and flagellated myself until I emptied the ten gallons of cum that were threatening to boil over. Instead, I caught her nipple between my fingers again and pulled ever so slightly with a twist. She drew in a soft gasp of air, pressed her hand into mine, forcing me to squeeze her breast even harder. I repeated the movement, marveling at how resilient and firm her young breast was, yet how pliable. When I pulled on her nipple again, she moaned out loud and began to tremble in my lap. I held her and stroked her as she shook ever so slightly until her breathing returned to a more normal sleepy rate.
What had I done?
Did I just give a teenager an orgasm in her sleep? The realization hit me in the forehead, bringing me to total consciousness. I looked over to see Brenda still asleep, but in a slightly different position. I had to get up. If I didn't, I didn't know what I would do. My cock was rampant and if left unchecked, I know it would try to get me to fuck that poor girl in my lap. I sat still, my hand no longer kneading Linda's bosom, but neither did I remove it. I willed my cock to flag to a half-hard state, knowing full well that one wrong move from Linda and it would resurge even bigger than before. After I was confident it was under control, I slid my hips away, lifting Linda's head from my crotch. With a pivot of my hips and a strategic pillow placement, I managed to swing myself off the couch and away from the beautiful young temptation. The last thing was to disentangle my fingers from where she held them to her breast.
I left her there, her head on the pillow I left in my place, and lingered long enough to appreciate the sensual way she lay on the couch: the curve of her hips into her thighs, no longer covered by a blanket, threatened to reverse the work I had done to quiet my cock. I turned to check out that Brenda was still asleep before I made my way to my room. Before I got there my cock was already back to full erection in anticipation of the rub-off that was coming as I replayed the feel of Linda's pert breasts in my hand and the sounds she made as she came under my touch.