My Sister Made Me
Chapter 22
Alex
Saturday morning
Kenny was nowhere to be seen, and neither was her escort nor her twin sister. People in masks were all around her as the suave, older gentleman led her into the room with the odd-looking cushioned table.
She heard her own voice, but it sounded far away.
"You're dangerous."
"Only in the most delightful ways," the older man assured her.
Clutching his arm tighter, she couldn't help but feel a little enamored with him. Realizing that she still didn't know his name, she turned to regard him.
"So, what do I call you?" she asked.
"Will 'Daddy' be okay?"
She laughed, seeing the humor in his eyes.
"Kidding, my sweet. You may call me Charles," he amended.
Charles, that was his name. Of course!
A blindfold was taken from his pocket and slowly pulled over her eyes, she felt her heart beating faster.
Several sets of hands were slowly pulling her clothes off, then Charles was tenderly guiding her to the table and helping her lay on top of it.
More hands roamed over her body, a cock pushed between her fingers, another between her lips. Someone was eating her pussy, then fucking her, someone else taking her ass. The blindfold slipped.
A man in a mask.
Alex opened her eyes groggily and looked around. Momentarily lost, she gave herself a second to get her bearings, realizing that she was safe in Bryce's room. She closed her eyes once more, seeing the man from her dream again in her mind. He was older, seemed sophisticated, undeniably handsome, and... she paused, frowning.
The image of him was oddly getting harder to recall. He seemed to grow hazy as she sat up and rubbed her temples. A few moments later, she couldn't recall her dream at all.
Movement beside her caused her to look over, seeing the attractive nude buttocks of her boyfriend. Raising a single eyebrow as she continued to admire his rump, she stared approvingly for a bit longer before looking over toward his head and seeing him smirking at her.
"Shut up," she muttered sleepily, laying back down and snuggling up to him.
He laughed but didn't speak, pulling her tight and causing her to turn away from him as he snuggled close.
"Doing better this morning?" he asked after several minutes of warm, comfortable silence and snuggling.
"Mmm," she muttered, already drifting back to sleep. "I guess," she said. "Don't remember much."
"Nothing to worry about," he said after a few moments had passed. "I was with you the whole time."
She felt his hand release its hold on her waist, then moving down between them as he adjusted himself. His lips found her neck and she sighed softly. The kisses became more emphatic as his hands moved to roughly maul her breasts.
He shifted in bed and moved up to his knees. Turning toward him, she saw him knee-walking up toward her head. She opened her mouth and looked down at his crotch, the crown pushing inside as his hand pulled at the back of her head.
***
Gentle thrusts... the taste of flesh.
His weight on top of her, thrusting inside.
Intense arousal, waves of pleasure crashing down on her.
Being moved to her knees. She obeys.
Someone in her mouth. Another voice.
The bed moving.
Another voice. She's carried somewhere.
The carpet is rough on her skin.
The front door opens. Familiar laughing. Her own voice.
She yawned, stretching as she looked around. She was on the couch, Bryce nowhere to be seen. She looked around and found that she was naked. It wasn't all that concerning since she was at Bryce's and knew she was safe at his place.
After a few minutes of letting herself wake up, she managed to sit up, then stand shortly after. Glancing around, she found that the living room, dining area, and kitchenette were all empty. Turning, she padded softly to Bryce's room, but that was empty as well.
On the bed her clothes were laid out nicely, as were her phone and purse. Right underneath was a piece of paper, a note written on it. She stepped over and grabbed it.
"Babe. Sorry to leave you like that, but I had to get to work and I didn't want to wake you. You seemed extra tired. Call me when you wake up and I'll take you home."
It was signed by Bryce.
She checked her phone and saw that it was around noon, then momentarily panicked when she tried to recall what time she was working that day. She was calmed a moment later when she remembered that she didn't work until 6:00 that evening and knew that she had plenty of time.
Grabbing her phone, she unlocked it and sent a quick message off to Bryce.
"Morning baby. I'll just get my sister to take me home. I had fun last night, though I'm still pretty exhausted. I'll text you later."
She shot a message off to Toni asking if she could get a ride, but got a reply moments later that she was already working. Frowning, Alex wondered if she was going to have to bug her boyfriend after all, but then just decided to call an Uber.
Once home, she crashed into bed again getting some much-needed sleep. waking several hours later and starting to get ready for work.
The evening went as expected. It was crazily busy, and her section stayed full for most of the night, causing her shift to fly by. Her twin's car wasn't in the parking lot when she left, and she hoped that she was already at home.
As she entered her own bedroom, she was happy to see Toni already waiting for her. After a quick rinse off, she toweled herself dry and climbed in with her twin.
Toni hadn't spoken though she was obviously still awake.
"Mad at me?" Alex whispered as she snuggled up behind her.
"No," she said quietly.
Alex slid her arms around her and pulled her close, enjoying how soft her twin felt.
"You okay?" Toni murmured.
"I guess." It took a few seconds to reply, and Toni had turned over just as she spoke, the concern clear on her face even in the dim light of the bedroom.
"What is it?" she asked.
"Nothing. Just more weird dreams. I must be getting worn out from work and school and everything. It feels like nights are bleeding into my days."
Toni frowned at her, then reached up to start fiddling with Alex's hair. "I'm not sure I follow."
"It's like I keep seeing people in masks," she said, frowning, "but it's always at the edge of my vision or like off in the distance for just a split second. I turn and focus on it and it's not there.
"Masks again," Toni commented, her eyes staring straight into Alex's.
Alex couldn't explain it anymore than she already had, so she didn't respond other than to nod and shrug.
"I'll bet you're right," Toni said, surprising her. "You're probably just tired. I'll bet you'll feel better in the morning."
***
Sunday
The next morning, Alex awoke to Toni sitting up in bed and stretching. She turned upon feeling Alex moving around in bed and gave her a concerned look.
"How are you?"
Alex glanced over and rolled her eyes, pulling the covers back up.
"Aleeeex."
Toni poked her shoulder a second later.
"Tired. Go'way."
"Did you have bad dreams again or not?" Toni asked. "You're usually so much more chipper in the mornings after... after I spend the night with you."
Alex sighed, opening her eyes again and looking over.
"I told you; they aren't bad dreams. They're just weird. Like those feelings I get that something isn't right. It's just weird. I'm sorry I'm not chipper enough for you, and no, I didn't have any dreams last night."
"Good," Toni said. "And stop being so bitchy. I'm just worried about you."
Her naked twin stood and walked nonchalantly out into the hall and across, directly into her own room.
Alex flopped the covers back over her and went back to sleep. She was able to get another hour before she woke up again. After pulling on some clothes, she went downstairs to get some breakfast, then came back up to shower and clean herself up from the previous two days.
She had every intention of being a lazy ass that day and just taking it easy, but when she got done getting herself feeling like a healthy and clean young woman again, she saw that she had several messages on her phone.
They were all in the group chat she had with Kenny, Bear, and Eric. The thought of the three made her smile immediately.
"Yo, y'all wanna hang today?" Kenny had asked. "We should have the house to ourselves. Mom, Dad, and my sister all went somewhere."
"I'm down," Eric replied.
"Sounds good," Bear agreed.
"Alex?" Kenny had messaged.
When she hadn't answered they'd all messaged her several more times using bribery and begging to try and convince her to join them. The final message was from Kenny again.
"She doesn't love us anymore I guess."
She rolled her eyes. Seeing her friends again would probably do her worlds of good. She quickly fired off a snarky reply.
"I was doing something called sleeping, you shitheads."
"She lives!" Bear messaged first.
"Should I bother getting dressed since I'm just coming over so that you three horn-dogs can fuck me?"
"Hell yes you need to get dressed," Kenny replied. "We're going to fuck you senseless but I have neighbors."
She giggled, already looking forward to having fun with her friends. Sure, she knew that it would probably be better for her to take a day of rest, but she'd already been feeling like she'd neglected them. They needed her and she needed them.
"I'll find something to wear instead of coming over like this," she sent, then took a selfie of herself in the mirror, naked.
The guys all replied with appropriately horny and endearing messages.
"See you dorks soon," she messaged, and added a kissy face emoji.
Climbing out of bed, she went to see if Toni wanted to go with her but couldn't find her twin anywhere. Shrugging, she went back to her room and pulled on a pair of shorts and a shirt, not bothering with a bra or panties. Slipping on a pair of sandals, she grabbed her purse, phone, and keys, before making the short drive over to Kenny's.
Pulling up beside the curb, she hopped out and hurried up the front walk. Opening the door and going inside as she usually did, she glanced around and saw that no one was downstairs. Not wasting time, she sped up the stairs and opened Kenny's door. She smiled, seeing the familiar room and saw her best friend lying on the bed. He was naked, stroking a healthy erection.
Warm flesh in her mouth. Sliding. Wet, moist. Moaning. Light peeking in from the blinds across her naked form.
A knock on the door.
Lips kissing her pussy. Tongue. Cum flooding her mouth. Swallowing. She doesn't want to stop. Can't.
Another cock in her mouth. Smaller. Familiar voice. The video game being turned on.
The wooden floor on her knees. Crawling. Moving. The plastic of the controller hits her head. Flesh in her mouth.
Moans.
Cum fills her mouth. Someone fucking her. Cum oozing from her pussy.
A knock on the door.
Her mouth filled with cock again. A different one. Someone on top of her. Kenny.
Laughter.
She cums again.
Moaning.
Someone washing her down in the shower. Eric.
She drops to her knees again. Fucking against the cool tile.
The bed is warm and comfortable. Bear doesn't fuck her. Blowjob.
The sun feels good. The covers are soft. Cool air on her nipples.
Sleep.

Alex yawned, looking around the room and seeing that it was just Kenny there.
"Weird," she said quietly, marveling at the odd dream.
"Hey sleepyhead," Kenny said, turning around from his desk. "Bear and Eric had to get going. They said thanks and that you're the coolest chick ever."
"Aww," she grinned, feeling a surge of affection for the other two. "Wait," she frowned. "They were here?"
Of course, they'd been there. She remembered them coming in. Didn't she?
"Yeah," Kenny confirmed, looking over at her with a confused look on his face.
"We must have gotten pretty crazy," she muttered, yawning.
She stood and wandered naked over to the small fridge that Kenny kept in his room, pulling a water bottle out and taking a long sip. She noted that her pussy felt a little uncomfortable, as did her ass.
"Yeah, it was one for the record books," Kenny said with a smile. "How are you feeling?"
"Hmm? Fine," she said, waving away the question. "I just don't remember much. I've been pretty tired lately."
She went over toward him as he stood up and gave her a hug.
"What time is it?" she asked, glancing around and seeing that it was getting close to dinner time.
"Jesus," she said. "I didn't know I was here that long!"
"Yeah dude," Kenny laughed. "From the moment you came in you were good to go." He turned and chuckled as he regarded her. "You really don't remember?"
She frowned and shook her head. "We just like... fucked all day?"
He nodded. "You came in and saw me stroking my dick and just came over and started sucking. I kept telling you to slow down but you didn't listen and I came in your mouth. You didn't stop though and I got hard again. Eric got here first and just joined in, then Bear came and did the same."
"God," Alex said, covering her face for a second. "No wonder my ass and pussy are sore."
Kenny laughed and shrugged. "You wouldn't stop. One of us would cum and call it quits and you'd just start in on another one. I guess it's a good thing that we're all at our sexual peak."
She smirked and pulled him in for a kiss.
"You know I love you guys, right," she said, leaning her forehead against his. "I'm sorry I haven't been the best, best friend lately."
"I knew that one day some handsome stud would come in between us, baby," Kenny said dramatically.
"Okay," Alex said, rolling her eyes and shaking her head. "I'm being serious."
"I know, dork," Kenny assured her. "I get it. New boyfriend and all. But I really do get that we won't always be as close as we were in high school. That's life. You've been a better friend than I could have asked for."
She smiled and started to look around for her clothes.
"So, tell me," she murmured, bending over to grab her shorts, "if you couldn't stop me, then how did Eric and Bear get away?"
"Well, Bear really did have to leave, and Eric said that he might actually die if you started trying to make him cum again. So, I shoved my cock in your mouth to distract you and they started getting dressed. After that, you just kind of ignored them and we fucked some more. After that, you passed out in bed, and I got dressed. I figured I'd let you sleep for a while; I just didn't think it would be three hours."
She giggled and looked up at him, then frowned when she realized the actual time she'd spent fooling around.
"Holy shit! We were fucking for five hours?"
Kenny smirked at her and nodded.
"Wow," she said. "No wonder I'm out of it."
She smiled to herself, impressed that her little herd of nerds had managed to stay in the game for that long and glad that she was able to take care of them.
"I can't believe you guys got tired of fucking me," she said, cocking her hip as she stood there naked, holding her shorts.
"No, we didn't get tired of fucking you," Kenny corrected. "We were physically unable to perform due to you draining three mostly grown men dry. There's a difference."
Walking directly over to her, he took the shorts from her hand and tossed them to the bed. Taking a step back, he looked her up and down.
She looked at him curiously, raising one eyebrow as she stared.
"How couldanyoneever get tired of fucking you."
She smirked at him and stepped forward. "Trying to get me started again?" she asked, leveling her eyes at him.
"Oh... shit, good point," he grinned. He snatched the shorts off the bed and offered them to her.
She laughed, stepped past for a moment and kissed him, then took the shorts and pulled them on. After finding her shirt, she pulled that on and gathered the rest of her things.
"Bye," she called, waving as he stood in the door frame, watching her walk down the stairs.
"See ya," he called.
Hopping into her car, she started it up and glanced around for anyone coming. Her stomach rumbled as she pulled away from the curb, so she made a stop for some food before she drove home.
She made her way inside and upstairs. Sam's door was shut, as was Toni's. That was fine with her, since she was tired and planned to go to sleep anyway. She glanced at the clock. It was a little after 7:00 in the evening.
Picking idly at her food, she finished eating after taking her time and went downstairs to throw the remnants away. Lifting the lid to the trash can, the weirdness of the past two days came back to her thoughts.
She felt like she kept forgetting things. She stood there holding the trash open and the empty fast-food bag in her hand, trying to figure out what could possibly cause her to forget details of having sex with someone that very day.
"You forget how to throw trash away?" Toni asked, coming up behind her.
She jerked in surprise, but then shook her head and dropped the bag into the can, then closed the lid.
"Just lost in thought," Alex muttered.
"Are you still okay?" Toni asked, coming closer.
"Tired, okay?" she snapped, sounding more irritable than she meant to. "I think I just need sleep."
"Take a sleeping pill and get a full night," Toni said. "I'll even sleep in my own room."
Alex turned and glanced at her twin. That actually didn't sound like a bad idea. She nodded and pulled her in for a hug.
"I'm sorry for snapping," she said.
"I'm just worried about you," Toni said. "I love you, remember."
"I know," Alex assured her. "I love you too. I appreciate you being concerned but I really just think I need some good sleep. I slept for several hours over at Kenny's earlier and feel better tonight, so..."
"Kenny's?" Toni asked.
"I would have asked you to go with me, but you weren't here," Alex said.
"No, that's fine," Toni said, shaking her head. "I uh... I didn't know you went. That's all."
"It's just sex, Toni. I went over and had sex with all my friends for several hours."
"It's fine," Toni protested.
"I mean, I think I did. I keep like, forgetting parts of it."
Toni looked up again, frowning. Alex swore internally. She shouldn't have mentioned that. All it was going to do was worry her sister now.
"I just need sleep, okay," Alex assured her. "Please don't worry. I'm not going anywhere and I'm not losing my mind."
"I love you, dummy. I'm going to worry about you." Toni stared at her hard for a few more seconds, then turned and went over to a cabinet that housed their mother's medicine collection. She fished around for a particular bottle and pulled it out, then popped the lid off and grabbed two pills from inside before closing the lid once more. Turning, she walked right over to Alex and offered them to her.
Alex took them without protest, holding them in her palm and starting toward the stairs.
"Alex," Toni said.
"My drink is upstairs," she explained. "I'mgoingto take them."
Toni followed behind her, nonetheless. Once in her room, Alex sighed, seeing her twin standing in the door, watching her.
"God," Alex muttered.
She walked over to the bedside table that her drink was resting on and took a sip, then turned and visibly popped the two sleeping pills in her mouth and swallowed them. Opening her mouth wide, she turned and showed her irritating twin that it was empty.
"Good," Toni said simply, shutting Alex's door and leaving her in peace.
Alex rolled her eyes and walked quickly over and locked the door. She knew it was a ridiculous gesture since anyone could just walk in through the closet, and downright stupid when she considered that Toni was the person she was trying to keep out.
She sighed and headed over to shut the closet door, then went over to her desk and flipped open her laptop. After checking to make sure she didn't need to do anything for school tomorrow while the meds took effect, she shut the laptop, turned off the lights, and climbed into bed.
Glancing at the clock, she saw that she'd made it to 8:00 PM. That wasn't too early to fall asleep.
Was it?
***
The next morning, Alex awoke slowly. Rubbing her eyes, she glanced over at the clock and saw that she needed to get moving to get to class on time. Glancing over at the door to her room, she saw that it was wide open.
"Odd," she muttered.
She thought she remembered locking it.
Frowning, she looked over at the closet and saw that it was open as well. She rolled her eyes. Toni had clearly been in her room last night, though she hadn't felt her climb in bed or out of it. Forcing herself out of bed, she pushed the feelings of irritability at her twin out of her thoughts and trudged off to get ready for her day.
School was as boring as it always was, so she was glad to have a shift at work that day, even if it was just six hours that afternoon. Once she'd gotten out of class, she had an hour to kill before her shift started.
At first, she was going to just head home for a bit, but then she realized that she hadn't heard from Bryce since Saturday morning.
She shot a text off to him as she walked to her car.
"Hey honey. Sorry I didn't message yesterday."
She'd gotten into her vehicle and started it when he replied.
"All good baby. I spent yesterday catching up on shit for school and studying. I'm just at work right now. How are you?"
She smiled upon hearing his words, automatically picturing his handsome face and arrogant smirk.
"I just had an hour to kill and was going to come see you if you didn't have anything going on. I'll just run home and maybe see you tonight."
"I can come up and say 'hi' at work on my lunch break if you want," he said. "We just got to a stopping point here and we're all just about to go eat."
She smiled. Seeing him in person would be delightful, even if nothing else happened.
"Deal. Meet you at work in the parking lot."
"On my way!" he replied.
She smiled, pulling out and heading directly to the restaurant. Once there, she found a parking spot and quickly put her work clothes on while she waited. She managed to get her bra off and top on, then pulled her shorts off and worked her skirt on as much as she could. Hopping out, she stood and quickly pulled it up the rest of the way, hearing a honk as she did so.
Turning, she saw her boyfriend smiling at her from his truck parked several spots away. She grinned and raised her hands up, shrugging at him.
She heard his truck power off and started immediately over to him.
"You know, you shouldn't get dressed in public. Any freaky weirdo could be pervin' on ya!"
Laughing, she went up to him and put her arms on the door, leaning in through the open window.
"What makes you think I wouldn't like that?" she asked.
"Oh, I know you would. A few more minutes of you dancing half naked and I would have had to start jerkin' off."
"Minutes?" she asked, frowning.
"Yeah, you make a good point," he said, reaching for his pants button.
She laughed, shaking her head at him. Surprisingly enough though, he unzipped his fly and pulled his cock out right there in the parking lot.
***
Laughter. A look of surprise. Smirk.
She climbs in through the window.
A honk from a passing car. Flesh. Wet.
Moaning as he forces her head down.
Panties being pulled off.
Thrusting.
Another voice.
Familiar face in the window.
Cum
A feminine tone of voice.
Jessie!
Bryce laughing.
*Click*
Wet.
Jessie helping her stand.

"Come on," Jessie said, pulling Alex with her and waving flirtatiously at someone behind them.
She was momentarily out of it for a second, but then dismissed her confusion as she slipped her arm inside Jessie's.
"So how have you been?" she asked as they walked up to the back door of the restaurant.
"Good, I guess," Jessie said. "We need to hang out together sometime; you and me, Dex and Bryce."
The image of the four of them in a sticky pile came to her and she grinned.
"Oh, that would be trouble for sure," Alex said. "I'm sure we can arrange something."
Once inside, she waved happily at Jessie and made her way to the restroom. Work was only going to last until 6:00 that evening and she wondered if she was going to get to see her boyfriend again that day. She couldn't remember much about the conversation they'd had when he'd met her on his lunch break. She just wished that she'd had time to fool around with him, even just a little bit.
She shrugged, knowing for sure that she'd get the chance to do so soon.
The rest of her shift went by relatively slowly. She finished up and headed to go clock out, taking her apron off and rounding a corner. She smiled when she saw Jessie, her friend smiling back at her.
"Half-day?" she asked.
Alex nodded, then had a sudden idea.
"You and Dex want to hang out? Bryce is free."
"I'm closing," Jessie said with a frown. "I'm just about to take my break and I needed to take care of a cock really quickly."
Alex nodded, but then did a double take and burst out laughing when she realized what the little vixen had said.
Jessie turned and yelled, "John, time for you to take a break with me."
Alex smirked as the loud, jovial new guy came around the corner, grinning from ear to ear.
"Really? Him?" she asked quietly.
"Roommate's boyfriend, remember?" Jessie grinned happily as if that answer would suffice.
Alex didn't really have any stake in the matter, so she didn't press for details. Turning, she went to finish clocking out and get her things from the locker she'd placed them in.
Heading out the back door, she started for her car. Halfway there, she heard a loud voice followed by Jessie's endearing, characteristic laugh and glanced over.
Jessie was sitting on someone's lap, and she quickly realized that it was John, the raucous loudmouth that she'd met before. They were fucking. Amused, she got a little closer. Jessie was moving up and down on him. She looked down between the vixen's thighs.
Bouncing... moans
Jessie's naked breasts
Cumming...
lips...
warm flesh...

***
She sighed, turning the key in the ignition. Her face felt weird, damp. She raised her finger up and dabbed her cheek. Sticky.
She frowned, rubbing her fingers together.
Did she get something on them at work? She sighed, grabbing the shirt that she'd taken off when she'd arrived. Wiping her face, she took a moment to rub her temples, trying in vain to ward off the headache she was getting.
Putting the car in gear, she started to head for home. Surely, she had something to do there.
Didn't she?
She couldn't remember.
*****
Sam
Thursday morning
The heat of their embrace seemed to seep into her pores. Though she felt the chill of the room around her, she relished the warmth she was feeling. She traced a line across his chest, smiling as he twitched in his sleep.
His arm was cradling her to him, his hand somewhere behind her back. It held her snug against him, a comforting wall behind her. She was making do with the thin sliver of mattress that he'd left for her to sleep on, the rest of the bed behind him undoubtedly empty.
Still, even if she ended up on the floor in a few minutes, she wouldn't have changed the previous night for anything. It had been... perfect.
She shivered as she thought back to how intense and incredible being with him had been. It was as if they'd ceased being two beings for one moment in time.
A flush came to her cheeks then as she realized how ridiculous she was being. Here she was, staring up at her big brother like he was an angel fallen from heaven and thinking about their night together like it had taken place in a dew laden meadow full of flower petals and singing birds.
As if to point out how ridiculous she was being, Dane's arm moved under the sheet at his waist, and he began to scratch his crotch.
She smirked quietly, but then heard a gentle knocking on her bedroom door. Sitting up in bed, she frantically smacked at Dane and caused him to jerk up in bed with a loud gasp.
The two were half out of bed when they both heard the*click*of the door opening. Wide eyed, they stared at one another and prepared for the worst.
Her mother's kind, caring face peered in, causing them both to sigh in relief.
"Sorry," she whispered. "I didn't mean to startle, but Toni's up and in the shower. Y'all should hurry and get up unless you want your sisters catching you like this."
Sam's heart began to ease back on the pounding it was doing in her chest. She managed to smile and wave to her mom as Dane began to move behind her. She swore internally, knowing that the two of them needed to spend some time talking, but also realizing that it just wasn't going to bethatmorning.
He scrambled around for a bit grabbing his clothes, then hurried to the door where their mother was waiting for him, his underwear clutched down at his crotch to cover his nudity.
Seeing that he was prepared, she turned and peered down the hall before looking back and nodding. The two promptly disappeared out of Sam's room, their footsteps fading in the distance.
Sighing, Sam stood and forced herself from the bed. Moving over to her dresser, she grabbed a clean pair of panties from a stack that had been placed there by her mother and began to pull them on.
Another soft knock on the door caused her to glance over and see her mother once again, this time smiling as she stepped in and closed the door behind her. She was surprised to see her again so quickly.
"Is it okay to talk?" she asked.
Sam felt refreshed and renewed. She knew that her mother was no idiot and likely knew what had happened the night before. By Dane's own account, she didn't disapprove of it, and had even said that she understood. She had no reason to be embarrassed or to feel ashamed.
Nodding, she turned and pulled on one of the old shirts that she normally wore to sleep in, before turning back around and joining her mother as she sat down on Sam's bed.
"I don't want to force you to have an embarrassing conversation," she began. "I'm happy to talk with you if you need to, of course. I just needed to let you know something before you got on with your day."
"Okay," Sam said, smiling at her mother.
The gesture made her mother seem more at ease in Sam's estimation and she smiled happily in return before continuing.
"I don't know if Dane mentioned it last night, but I wanted to make sure that you knew that I've already let your father know about what happened this past Saturday."
Sam frowned and cocked her head curiously.
"I thought he already knew," she said.
"Well, I saw you that night but didn't mention it to him. When Dane was talking with you last night, I sat your father down and talked with him about what had happened."
Sam nodded, silently digesting the information.
She'd been under the impression that her father was already aware that it was her that had been in the closet. The news that he hadn't known previously but did now didn't really change anything in the grand scheme of things.
"Oh," she said simply, looking back at her mother. "Um... how is he?"
"He's okay," her mother assured her. "He was shocked, of course."
Sam nodded at the information, not surprised in the least. She hesitated before continuing the conversation, though, unsure if she wanted to know the answer to her next question.
"Um... did he, was he... mad?"
Her mother reached out and squeezed her hand comfortingly and offered a warm smile. "No, honey," she said kindly. "Well, he was upset at himself, but I quickly pointed out that neither of you knew who the other was. It was a simple coincidence. He was more curious about how you came to be in there in the first place. I told him that if you wanted to tell us how that came about, then you would in your own good time. If you don't want to, then you don't have to."
Sam felt a surge of affection and appreciation for her mother then and leaned forward to give her a hug.
"I love you," she said quietly.
"I love you too, honey. You better get ready for class," she said, patting her back after a few quiet moments.
"I will," Sam assured her. "Thanks for being so understanding."
The conversation over, her mother gave Sam a final kiss on the forehead before standing and leaving the room.
***
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Sam found it harder than normal to concentrate in her classes that day. After her mother had left her bedroom, Sam had gotten dressed and left quickly, not wanting to risk her father being home. She went and bought her breakfast that morning instead of cutting up some fruit like she normally did. It wasn't really what she wanted to have for her first meal of the day, but given her current circumstances, it was the best that she could do.
Her mother might have assured her that her father was okay knowing what had happened, but that didn't mean that she wanted to test that theory and run into him. She figured that it was best that she continue to be a ghost in the house and just stay in her room as much as possible.
The trouble was that she had a very light schedule at work for the rest of the week. She only had an afternoon shift on Friday to keep herself busy. She wasn't scheduled on Saturday anymore, thanks to her having spoken to Bill and convincing him to let her have off on those days so that she could go The Mess Around.
She was walking to her car when that thought occurred to her, and she stopped short when she thought about the swinger club where she masqueraded as "Mystery Girl".
"Sorry, excuse me," someone behind her said, stepping around her as she apologized and stepped to the side.
She frowned, suddenly realizing something troubling that hadn't occurred to her yet. She started moving again and hurried on to her car. Sitting in the driver's seat, she put the key in the ignition and tried to start it, but it made a weird noise and took several tries before it finally turned over and began to run.
She sighed, sitting back after she put on her seat belt. She didn't know what she was going to do.
The Mess Around was a pressure valve of sorts for her. She used it to maintain her arousal at a manageable level and keep herself from getting into trouble. At least, that was the idea behind why she went in the first place. Now it seemed like that wasn't an option anymore.
She didn't think her parents were going to stop going to the place. From Kara, Kelly, and Duncan's conversation the previous Sunday, both of her folks had had a great time with the whole group.
She winced, remembering that she herself had been part of the reason that they'd had such fun, but quickly recovered.
She loved being "Mystery Girl". Now, that was apparently over and done with.
Sighing, she banged her hand on the steering wheel in frustration.
Of course, she'd have to tell Dr. Sanderson that she wasn't able to attend anymore. But then he'd want a reason why. She obviously couldn't tell him the truth. Then again, she didn't know if her parents already had.
Sam rubbed her temples at the complexity of the situation. It was giving her a headache just trying to make sense of things. Steeling herself, she knew that she wasn't going to find the answer sitting in the parking lot.
She pushed the brake pedal and put the car in reverse, then began to pull out of her spot. The drive home was uneventful, thankfully, and she pulled into the driveway and parked.
Briefly considering looking in the garage for her father's Jag, she dismissed the idea, figuring that he was almost definitely working at the hospital. She grabbed her backpack and hopped out, then headed inside.
Not bothering to stop downstairs, Sam hurried up the stairs and into her room, shutting her door and setting her backpack down on her bed. Breathing a sigh of relief, she kicked off her shoes and sat down on her bed, setting her purse and car keys on the dresser beside it.
Lying back, she looked at her phone and noticed that she still didn't have any notifications. She'd been hoping that Dane would text her as they obviously needed to talk.
She decided then to just go ahead and send a message to him instead and unlocked her phone. Browsing to her messenger app, she opened it and scrolled down to find Dane's name. A name caught her eye though, and she paused when she reached it.
"Zoey" she said, smiling, and clicked on it.
There were several messages from Zoey at the bottom that Sam hadn't replied to in her state of anguish. That wasn't what had caught her eye, though.
"Fuck," she said, immediately dropping the phone to the bed.
She closed her eyes as visions of Saturday night filled her head again. She couldn't recall anything else from that night, save for the cock that was currently occupying some space in a text message to her friend and lover, Zoey. She'd playfully snapped a picture of the impressive specimen after she'd been sucking it for a while, then had teasingly sent the picture off to her friend.
She realized that she didn't remember what Zoey's response had been and started to reach for her phone to check. Her hand hovered over the pink, sparkly case and stayed there.
She sighed, lowering it back down to her lap. She quickly realized how ridiculous she was acting and took a deep breath. Again, she reached down for her phone, and again she stopped a few inches away from it.
"What am I going to do, never touch my phone again?" she asked the empty room.
She closed her eyes and reached over, feeling around for the device and closing her fingers around it after only a few seconds of searching. She lifted it facedown and set it in her lap.
Shaking her head at herself, she tried to make herself turn the phone over but just couldn't.
"Oh, for fuck's sake," she spat. "You've had the damn thing inside you! It's just a picture, Samantha."
Sam opened her eyes and looked down. With a quick flick of her wrist, she flipped the phone over in her lap and glanced down at the bright screen.
Her father's engorged cock glared back at her from the confines of the image, as if it were angry that she was behaving so ridiculously and not staring at it. She tried to look down at Zoey's reply but found that she couldn't. Her eyes seemed drawn back up to the image of the angry, red shaft.
She gingerly picked up her phone, lifting it up and looking at the image closer. A quick flick of her thumb made the image bigger, taking up the whole screen of her phone.
She felt her tongue slide across her lower lip, her mouth starting to water.
It was undoubtedly large, though she clearly remembered having no trouble in dealing with the sheer size. The image clearly detailed her own saliva that coated the rigid exterior flesh of the large shaft. She keenly recalled the taste of his precum, could almost feel the flesh sliding through her lips and over her tongue.
She dropped the phone, her heart pounding in her chest as she squeezed her eyes shut. It took a few minutes, but she was able to get herself under control after deliberately ignoring her phone and willing her heartbeat to slow back down to a normal rhythm.
Deep inside, though, she knew that the ache had awakened within her yet again.
Eventually she opened her eyes once more and took another deep breath before reaching down and picking her phone back up.
"Read the words," she said several times.
She flipped the phone over and saw the image staring back at her proudly. She clicked the image away and looked down at the messages that Zoey had sent.
"OMG!" was the first one.
That immediately made her think of her adorable little friend.
"That's SO big and yummy looking!" was the second. It was accompanied by an emoji with hearts for eyes.
The third had come after a day or so and read, "Hey, haven't heard from you in a bit. I figured that you're still recovering from that dick you sent a picture of! LMK when you want to hang!"
She smiled, quickly starting a new text. First, she sent a simple, "Hey!"
Then she started another message. "Sorry I haven't messaged in a while."
Sending that, she sent, "Just been busy."
She saw the image scroll up a little bit more with each message and felt better now that it was mostly off the screen.
It took several minutes, but Zoey eventually did message back.
"Hey hey!" she texted. "I really want to hang out sometime but I'm working today and tomorrow."
Sam smiled, sensing an opportunity for some fun in place of her normal Saturday activities.
"I'm free Saturday," she began to type, but then saw Zoey's next message come through.
"I've been thinking about your offer and I think I'd be okay joining you in the glory-hole room. I might even be able to work up enough courage to suck a cock with you! I've already gone and gotten a test done from Dr. Sanderson!"
Sam winced at the message. She didn't know how to respond. She'd initiated the conversation and she knew that she couldn't just leave her friend hanging.
She grabbed the phone again and started to reply several times before finally sending, "Maybe, we'll have to see. I'd love to see you, though."
With a nod, she locked the screen and set the phone down on her bedside table. Turning over in the bed, she closed her eyes and tried to go to sleep. A little bit later she sighed in frustration and got up out of her bed, her stomach rumbling in protest.
It was with no small amount of irritation that she'd begun to realize that she was going to have to go downstairs and get something to eat. She'd had donuts that morning and wasn't about to have something unhealthy for a second time that day.
She looked at the time and saw that it was a little past lunchtime.
"Surely dad won't be home now," she muttered to herself.
He generally ate at the hospital or a restaurant for lunch, not usually having the time for a trip home to eat. She also knew that none of her siblings were home when she'd arrived after class, though she had no idea if that was still the case.
Drawing in a deep breath, she blew it out slowly and glanced at her image in the mirror.
"Grow up already, girl," she said quietly. "You can't hide up here forever."
The pep talk seemed to steel her resolve a bit and she turned, opening her door and heading downstairs. Once she reached the bottom, she immediately headed for the kitchen and sighed in relief when she saw that it was indeed empty.
She rolled her eyes at her ridiculousness and went immediately over to the fridge and began to grab some various pieces of fruit.
The front door opened and closed, causing her to spin around in mild alarm to see who it was. Her brother Danny waved easily at Sam as he came into the kitchen.
She willed herself to calm down and turned back to finish pulling things out of the fridge as Danny came over and reached in for some water.
She put the fruit that she'd pulled from the fridge on the island, then turned and grabbed a knife and a banana from the counter. Finally, she grabbed a bowl from the cabinet and set it down near the rest of her things.
Glancing over at her brother, she saw him taking big gulps from his water bottle. He turned and began to fill it up again having drained the bottle of its contents.
"Thirsty?" she asked with a smirk.
"Mmm," Danny muttered, halfway through the second bottle. "Hell yeah," he said a second later, setting the bottle down and screwing the cap back on.
"What have you been doing?" she asked, beginning to slice her lunch.
Danny reached over and popped a grape from her pile into his mouth.
"Working out," he said simply, taking another swig.
She suddenly remembered that her car had been acting weird that day. Danny might know what was wrong.
"Oh, hey, I need a favor," she said. "My car was making weird noises. I was wondering if you'd be able to listen to it and tell me what's wrong."
He shrugged. "I don't know that I'd be able to help, to be honest. Dad would know better."
Sam frowned.
"Hey pop," he said, looking behind Sam.
She froze for a moment before turning and looking up in surprise as her father stepped into the kitchen from the living room. Her heart thudded like a hammer in her chest.
"Hey," he said simply, offering the two a smile and coming around the island that Sam was cutting her food on and walking over to the fridge where he began to pull out things to make a sandwich.
"What kinda noise was it making?" Danny asked.
"What's going on?" her father asked, his interest piqued.
"Sam said her car was making weird noises."
Sam had turned back around and was intensely studying the intricate details of the various pieces of fruit that she'd been planning on eating and was haphazardly cutting.
"Oh?" her father asked. "I haven't had time to do any looking for a new one for you. Maybe I will soon."
He turned and glanced over at her. She saw the move and looked up, his gaze meeting hers.
For the briefest moment she expected to see something, though she couldn't have described what she really expected. She did see anything like that, though. He wasn't angry, he wasn't sad, he wasn't lustful, or even accusatory. He didn't look like he was judging her, nor was he avoiding her gaze.
He just looked like her dad.
She felt herself smiling at him, relief washing over her as it finally sank in that everything was going to be okay.
"Can you describe it?" he asked.
"Huh?" she asked, frowning and briefly wondering what he was referring to.
She glanced over at Danny who was inhaling water again, then back at her father.
"The noise your car was making," he explained.
"Oh, right," she said, blushing slightly. "I don't really know how to describe it. It just took a few tries to start. I'll just let you listen to it sometime."
"Mmm," her father said, nodding sagely. "Sorry pumpkin," he said. "I'll make sure to try and find a vehicle for you soon."
She smiled, feeling a surge of affection for him as he offered her a wink.
"Thank you," she said, then happened to glance up at him as she added, "Daddy."
Danny was oblivious, of course; and after downing the second bottle, he refilled it again and stomped out of the kitchen and up the stairs leaving Sam alone with her dad.
The two didn't speak for several seconds. Sam continued cutting up her fruit as he went about making himself a sandwich. Once he was finished, he turned and found an open bag of chips in a cabinet, then turned and set them down on the counter.
Sam was desperate to keep the awkwardness at bay but didn't know what she could possibly say that wouldn't sound extremely awkward. Everything she considered felt like it was the exact wrong thing to say at that moment. Eventually, she finished cutting up her fruit and piled it all into a bowl. She stepped around the counter and fished an empty glass out of a cabinet and moved over to the fridge to pour herself some tea from the pitcher her mother kept in the fridge.
He glanced over as he took a bite of his sandwich, then smirked at her and reached out, taking a piece of orange from her bowl.
She laughed, scowling at him as he popped it into his mouth with the other food.
"Thief," she accused.
"I told you; stolen food tastes the best."
She wasn't really listening though, and stepped in close to him as he wrapped his arms around her. He kissed the top of her head and squeezed her tight, and for a few moments everything was right with the world.
"I love you, honey," he said quietly. "Everything's gonna be okay."
"I love you, daddy," she said, speaking into his chest.
He patted her on the back before kissing her one last time on the forehead, then gathered his lunch and turned to go and sit at the table.
Sam smiled, watching as he sat, then finished getting her drink and made her way back upstairs.
*****
Dane
Thursday morning
Thankfully, the walk from Sam's room to his was a relatively short one and neither of the twins made an appearance. Dane was quick to speed into his room, his clothes clutched at his crotch.
Kicking the door closed, he dropped his clothes and flopped down on his bed. He sighed, pulling the covers over himself and promptly went back to sleep.
He awoke some time later to a quiet but persistent knocking on his door.
"Come in," he called, glancing at the clock. It was a little after 8:00 AM.
The door opened and he saw his mother peer in for a moment before entering.
"Morning," she said, smiling at him.
"Mmm," he said, laying back in bed. "Tired."
"I'll bet," she said, sounding amused.
He heard her walking toward the bed and felt her sit down on it, then yawned in response. Turning slightly, he looked over at her.
"You wanna cover the big guy up?" she asked, cocking her head at him and smirking.
His eyes went wide as he suddenly realized that he must have kicked the covers off himself in his sleep and his mother was sitting there next to him.
"Sorry," he said, reaching down and flipping the cover back over himself.
"Your nudity doesn't bother me, honey," she said with a laugh. "I'm just trying to save you some embarrassment."
He nodded thankfully.
"I just wanted to see how it went last night," she said. "The talk, I mean."
After shrugging, he rustled around in bed until he was sitting up, pulling the cover strategically in place.
"Good, I guess," he said. "We talked a lot. I didn't have a chance to tell her that you'd already told Dad."
She shook her head. "I told her earlier," she informed him. "I needed to make sure that it was out in the open for both of them."
"That's probably smart," he said with a yawn.
She glanced up at him and smiled. "So... do you think she's going to be alright?"
He considered the question and everything that had happened to Samantha.
"I do," he said at length. "She's a lot tougher than people give her credit for. She's a hell of a lot tougher than I am."
His mother smiled and laughed easily. "Good," she said. "I'm glad that things are getting worked out. I know there's still things to figure out, but at least everything's in motion."
She stood then and turned to head for the door.
"Oh, I almost forgot the other reason I wanted to talk to you," she said, pausing halfway and turning to look at him. "Your father and I are planning something for Halloween in a few weeks. We're still trying to figure things out, but we want to have it here at the house and we're probably going to be inviting some of our new friends from the swinger group."
She paused and looked directly at him. "Whatever we decide to do, I'll let you know so that you can tell your brother and sisters."
"Okay," he said. "Just let me know what you guys decide and I'll tell the others."
"Thanks honey," she said, turning and exiting.
***
Dane's morning turned out to be boringly normal; something that surprised him given how the previous night had turned out. He finished school close to lunch and didn't have a shift at the bar that day.
He knew that he and Sam had to talk, but he also had to sit Sally down and have a talk with her. He just didn't know which one to take care of first.
As he sat in his truck weighing his two options, he realized that he didn't have a clue what he was going to tell either of them. More than that, he didn't even know what he wanted from either one.
He sighed, rubbing his temples for a few seconds.
An idea struck him then and he half-turned in his seat, seeing that he'd packed his gym bag in his truck. Nodding to himself, he started the engine and proceeded to drive to the gym to do a quick workout and try to clear his head and figure out what the hell he needed to do.
A quick workout turned into an hour and then more as he tried to make sense of the confusing situation that he found himself in.
Sam was his flesh and blood. He cared about her, of that there was no doubt. He was extremely attracted to her, but none of that mattered. She was still his sister.
Sally was incredibly sexy to him as well. She was constantly hungry for sex, though not at the same level that Sam seemed to be. Plus, she was freaky in bed. She loved sharing him with Hannah.
The choice might have seemed clear to an outside observer. Sally was clearly the smarter, less creepy choice for him. There was just one problem with that.
He didn't love Sally; at least not like he knew that he loved Sam.
Eventually he came to the realization that he had to talk to his sister first and foremost. They needed to figure out what they were going to do about things.
Lost in thought as he gathered his stuff after finishing his workout, he was walking to the car before he realized that he hadn't even considered showering.
Dismissing the thought, he hopped into his truck, determined to take one back at home.
When he pulled up into his normal spot along the curb, he saw Sam's car in the drive. He smiled, feeling encouraged by the idea of seeing her again so soon, excited even. Hopping out, he hurried inside and up the stairs.
Turning, he looked down the hall toward Sam's room and saw the door halfway open and heard the sound of movement from within. Glancing around, he saw that Danny's door was closed.
That usually indicated that he was home. Alex's and Toni's doors were open, and he confirmed that they weren't home after a brief glance into each room.
Stepping quickly over to Sam's room, he knocked softly and heard her sweet voice call out for him to "come in".
He smiled and pushed the door open, seeing her sitting on the bed with a book and some classwork spread out around her. Upon seeing him though, she slid from bed and immediately moved toward him, a smile coming to both of their faces as they embraced.
Backing up a bit, he leaned down and kissed her as she whimpered softly in his arms, her fingers clutching at his shirt.
"Hi," he said a moment later, breaking the kiss and grinning down at her.
"Hi." Her smile widened as she looked up into his eyes. "I was hoping you'd come and find me today."
"Yeah," he agreed. "We probably need to have a talk."
She kissed him again, pulling him into her once more, and the two spent a few minutes kissing and enjoying the other's presence.
"Dane, I love you," she began, "but you stink."
He laughed, turning his head toward the ceiling as he did so. Looking back down a moment later, he smirked at her in mock dismay.
"I was planning on showering," he informed her. "I just got done working out."
She giggled and pulled him back down for another kiss.
"I don't smell that bad, do I?" he asked a moment later.
"Go," she said, giggling at him. "I'll be right here when you get done."
He smiled and kissed her a final time before heading back out of her room.
***
Stopping only to set his backpack down in his room and kick off his shoes, he turned and went to the bathroom. In a rush, he haphazardly kicked at the door to close it while simultaneously stripping down and reaching in to turn the water on in the shower. He tossed his shirt to the floor, then peeled both socks off before unbuttoning his jeans and sliding both them and his boxer-briefs off leaving them in a pile.
Reaching in and feeling the water, he paused to wait a little longer for it to heat up a bit more, then hopped in.
While part of him just wanted to let the water rinse his sweat off, he knew that he did actually stink and didn't want to gross Sam out with his stench. Even though it was going to take longer, he proceeded to slowly and methodically wash himself with soap, including shampooing and conditioning his hair.
Rinsing the conditioner out of his hair, he didn't hear the door to the bathroom opening. His first clue that someone was in the bathroom with him was the feeling of cooler air rushing into the shower.
He jerked in alarm when he felt a hand on his cock, squeezing roughly and stroking. Reaching down, he felt long hair in one of his hands as a mouth slid around the mushroom head of his cock, a warm, soft tongue slathering around it. His other hand came up and wiped his eyes a few times, letting the water wash away the suds.
Finally able to see, he looked down as his mystery shower companion pushed him back against the wall and forced his cock deeper and deeper into her throat as it swelled quickly to full strength.
"Alex," he gasped, trying to push her back.
She sat back briefly on her feet but then went right back to what she was doing.
"How... when..." he stammered as she throated him again and again.
He couldn't figure out how she'd managed to get into the bathroom without him hearing her, much less how she'd managed to strip nude.
"Alex, you need to stop," he said as quietly as he could while still getting his message across. "Alex! Alex!"
She didn't say a single word. Her lips slid up and down his shaft with ravenous intent, her tongue bathing his length in adoration.
"Alex!" he snapped, loudly.
She didn't stop, nor did she seem to react to his voice.
"Hey!" he said, pulling her up.
She looked up at him for a moment before sliding back down to her knees and sliding her lips around his cock again.
"God..." he groaned, thoroughly enjoying what she was doing but desperately wanting to regain control of the situation. "We can't do this anymore!" he said desperately.
He didn't want to hurt her by being too rough, but she wasn't listening to him!
"Alex!" he said loudly, pulling her up yet again.
She immediately started to sink back to her knees, her eyes drilling into him and her breathing heavy.
"Fuck," he muttered.
She immediately stopped moving to her knees, a smile coming to her face as she slowly turned to face away from him. Her hands pressed against the mirror in front of her as she bent at the waist, keeping her legs straight.
Her rear poked out enticingly and he swallowed hard.
Alex slowly turned her head and looked at him with a single eye peeking through a few strands of hair. The corner of her mouth turned him into a mischievous grin.
The sheer power of her sexual energy burned around her like an aura of flame. It was almost like it was shimmering around her like some sort of force field. He felt helpless against it. His hands moved up and gripped her ample hips, fingers contorting her pristine, soft skin.
She arched her back and presented herself even more. His willpower was fading fast, and he weakly shook his head.
"No," he said, then again with more resolve behind it. "No."
Instead of plunging deep inside her, he let go and grabbed a towel, deftly wrapping it around himself.
Alex briefly frowned at him, then simply stood up straight and stared into the mirror for a few seconds.
"Hey," he said, reaching out. "It's not that I don't want to, I do..."
She turned and looked at him with a puzzled look on her face, then turned and walked into the hallway and over to her room.
"Alex?" he called.
She stopped right at the door and looked at him again.
"Hey," she said, cocking her head curiously at him. "What's up?"
"Are you okay?"
"Fine." She looked and sounded bored with the conversation, as if it had been going on for far too long. She gave a shrug, promptly entering her room.
He was set to go after her and find out just what the hell was going on, but he saw movement down at the end of the hall out of the corner of his eye. He looked over to see what it was, then felt his stomach drop.
Sam was staring at him from the doorway of her room, her mouth agape and a shocked expression on her face. As he stood there unsure of what to do, she shook her head a few times and shut the door.
"Aww fuck," he said to the now empty hallway, sighing in defeat.
Not bothering to stop to go get dressed, Dane wrapped the towel around himself a little tighter and walked directly to her door.
He paused just before knocking, though, suddenly unsure of his decision. He sighed, steeling his resolve and quietly knocking.
There was no answer.
"Sam," he said.
Again, there was nothing.
He sighed and looked at the floor, resigning himself to defeat.
Of course, he'd fucked things up. Of course, he had.
His head shot back up as the door quickly opened again. Sam reached out and grabbed his arm, yanking him inside before shutting and locking the door behind her.
He moved quickly over to the bed, unsure of what he could possibly say to smooth things over. Turning around, he saw that she had only moved a few feet from the door, her hands crossed across her chest and a severe look on her face.
"Look," he began, raising his hands.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" she whisper-yelled. "Seriously? Are you fucking with me right now?"
"Sam, calm down and I'll explain," he stammered, shocked at how angry she was.
"You and I were together once, and you treat me like I'm some kind of leper, but you have no problem fucking Alex? Are you fucking kidding me?"
He sighed and rubbed his eyes, figuring that it was best to let her get it all out of her system before he explained everything.
To his surprise though, it seemed like she'd already finished yelling at him.
He looked up, seeing her still glaring at him angrily.
Taking a deep breath, he made a silent promise to himself to tell her everything that he'd done and not hold anything back.
"I didn't want you to find out about me and the twins like that," he said.
"Of course you're fucking both of them," she said, rolling her eyes and throwing her hands up.
"Sam," he said sternly. "I'm trying to explain things and admitting my guilt in all of this. The least you could do is listen."
She turned and looked at him, her mouth open in surprise. She quickly closed it again though, still looking irritable.
"Just come and sit on the bed, okay?"
She stared at him hard for a while, then nodded. The gesture seemed to calm her a bit and she moved closer. He moved around and took a seat near the headboard, gesturing for her to join him. She did so after a few seconds, staring hard at him as she sat at the other end.
"I'm going to tell you everything. Please just let me finish before you say anything."
She nodded at a few tense seconds.
He didn't look at her while he gathered his thoughts and tried to recall all that had happened.
"I should have told you everything after we were intimate the first time, but I guess I just didn't know how. Plus, we had other shit to deal with and I didn't want to add more to what you were already going through."
He rubbed his temples for a moment.
"I've had months and months to try and figure out how all this got started, but I'm still not sure I understand it all."
He chuckled, shaking his head at the futility of trying to make sense of it all.
"Regardless, it all began shortly after the twins' birthday last year."
"That long ago?" she snapped, but then quickly held her tongue, raising her hands to show that she was going to let him continue without interruption.
"Yeah, that long ago," he confirmed. "From what I can figure out, whatever it is that causes the women in our family to have extremely high sex drives is at least partly to blame. I know that sounds like I'm not taking the blame for my part, but trust me, there's plenty that I did."
He adjusted the towel around him, suddenly wishing that he'd stopped for some boxers at least.
"Alex's sexual awakening or whatever you want to call it, is what made her start flirting with me. It started small. There were times when one of us would be in the bathroom and the other would come in. Normally we'd be typical brother and sister and say mean shit to one another or just ignore each other. But then one day it just started getting weirdly erotic between the two of us. She'd drop her towel in front of me or deliberately start showering while I was still in the room. Or if I was the one in the shower she'd just be there watching and flirting. That went on for a few weeks and we got closer and closer to actually doing something. At one point she had me so turned on that I actually jerked off in the shower with her."
He chuckled in amusement at the memory, then caught himself and concealed his smile.
"Sorry," he muttered. "I know that it sounds like I'm putting the blame on her shoulders but I'm really not. I mean, yeah, she very clearly shares part of the blame, but at the same time, it feels like I can't fault her because of the way her sex drive seems to push her, kind of like it does you."
He fell silent for a few seconds, pondering that point before refocusing and continuing.
"Anyway, she kept flirting and pushing my buttons, massaging my ego and telling me that she'd let me have her if I wanted her, or that I could get a blowjob whenever I wanted. But for a long, long time that's all it was."
Shaking his head, he took a deep breath, readying himself for what was to come.
"But then, something changed one day. Toni and Alex, joined Danny and I and our girlfriends at a party. That night, due to some alcohol-related mix-ups, Hannah ended up in my bed and Sally ended up with Danny. We'd all gone too far by the time Alex figured out what was going on and tried fixing the issue."
The image of Hannah on her knees in front of him came to mind and he had to quickly push it out of his head before it caused issues.
"It was around this time that Alex's flirting started to get more... intense. It was as if she was actively trying to get me to have sex with her. I'd known that she was already sleeping with Toni's boyfriend Wade, and now she was trying to get me to fuck her too. It was maddening, honestly. Let me just say that she's very, very good at getting a guy turned on."
The image of her standing seductively under the stream of water in the shower filled his head, her dark-brown hair cascading around her shoulders and her eyes smoldering embers of lust melting his resolve. Again, he forced himself to push the memory away and focus.
"So, one day, Sally was over. We were fooling around but then she had to leave to go and do something with her parents, so we didn't get to finish. So, I was pent-up and needed to have a release before I went to work that night."
A long silence filled the space between the two as he drew quiet again.
"Fuck," he said shaking his head. He took another deep breath and looked up. There wasn't going to be an easy way of telling her what had happened. He couldn't do anything to make himself look good from any angle, not that he felt like he should.
"So, I just decided to take Alex up on her offer. I figured that if she was offering to fuck me and flirting with me so heavily, then I had no reason not to accept. She was in the shower at the time of this epiphany of mine, so I just walked in, stripped down, and got in with her. The first that she knew I was there; my hands were on her hips and I was... well..."
"Fucking her."
He looked up, seeing a different look on Sam's face than the one that had been there before. She was interested.
"Yeah," he confirmed.
"So, she has an orgasm and lets me in on something obvious that I missed. You can probably guess what it was."
"Oh no," Sam said, covering her mouth. "You didn't."
"Yeah," he said. "It was Toni, not Alex."
Sam was silent for three and a half seconds before she burst out laughing for a few seconds.
"Oh, you idiot," she said, shaking her head.
"I know," he agreed.
"Was she pissed?"
"Honestly, no," he said. "She loved it. I mean, I was flipping out, but she was telling me how hard she came and that she wanted to do it again. She quickly convinced me to keep going so we did. I felt suitably terrible afterward. She told Alex what had happened, and they shared a laugh at my expense. Then, they tried to get me to join them."
"Wait, what?" she asked. "Join them?"
He nodded. "The twins... well... you know. With each other."
"Oh... my... God..." she said, shaking her head.
After a few seconds she turned to lay down on the bed on her back, an arm up over her eyes.
"They're fucking each other. You're fucking both of them. What the hell is going on in this family? Is there anyone that isn't fucking a sibling?"
He was glad to see that even though it was heavy news, she seemed to be taking as lightly as possible given the subject matter.
"I don't think Danny and Toni have had sex," he said. "At least not yet."
"Wait... Danny has been with Alex too?"
He smirked at her as she turned to regard him.
For the next few hours, Dane spilled his guts about everything he could concerning his siblings. He went into depth about all the flirting he and Alex had done. He told her all that he knew about Alex and Toni having sex with each other and then went into great detail about the night that Alex had seduced Sally with him. He told her about the night that she'd gone over to Hannah and Danny's apartment and seduced him just in time for Dane and Sally to come in and catch them in flagrante. No detail was spared as he talked and talked. By the end of it, Sam was no longer upset. She was listening intently and laughing along with him.
"I'm sorry for treating you the way I did after the first time we were together," he said after the tale had been told.
She smiled and gave a quiet "thank you" in response.
"I just figured that you had enough shit to deal with without me adding anymore than I had. I didn't mean to lie to you or mislead you about anything."
"I understand, Dane," she said, moving up beside him and clutching at his hand. "I don't blame you for any of it though. I mean, yeah, you shouldn't have just started randomly fucking one of your sisters in the shower."
He sighed and shook his head, looking at her with mock disdain.
"Hey," she said, turning looking at him. "You know that I meant what I said last night, right? I love you, Dane."
He was caught in that moment by the pure beauty he was seeing in front of him. Her blonde hair was pulled back behind her ears, her blemish free skin pale and soft. She smelled of strawberries and rose petals, her eyes sparkling and bright.
"I can't imagine loving anyone more," he said, squeezing her hand.
She blushed a bit, but then leaned in to kiss him.
"For what its worth, though, what you saw earlier was seriously weird. I mean it. She just wouldn't stop, no matter what I said."
Sam winced, then shrugged. "I can kind of relate to what she was feeling," she said. "I'm already feeling the 'hunger' growing inside me again, and I know for a fact how powerful the urge tofucksomeone can be."
"Maybe you're right," he said, shrugging. "Still, I'm sorry that you had to find out that way. I was planning on telling you when we had a chance to talk."
"Mmmhmm," she said playfully.
"You see..." he said, shaking his head and causing her to giggle.
Dane was silent for a few seconds before he cleared his throat again. "I'll have a talk with her and tell her that it's not appropriate for the two of us to fool around anymore, okay?"
Sam looked at him in surprise. "Why?" she asked, but then immediately chuckled and shook her head. "Us," she realized.
"I care about you," he said. "I don't want to hurt you. I mean, I know my track record isn't great right now, but Icanbe faithful."
"Dane, listen to me," she said, sliding her hand along his.
He looked at her, expecting the worst.
"You said yourself that you know how powerful this... hunger inside me is. Alex and Toni have it as well. From what Mom has admitted, both she and my birth mom had it, and God knows what kinds of trouble they got into. What I'm saying is that Alex, Toni, and I have a much higher sex drive than most men are used to. It's sweet that you don't want to cheat on me. I'd love to be able to say that I can be faithful and true and not have sex with anyone else. But that's just not reality. I mean, you can see why that wouldn't be logical, right?"
He frowned at her, unsure of what she was getting at.
"Because we're siblings?" he asked.
She covered her eyes for a second. "No," she said slowly, giggling at him. "I like that you're my brother and that I'm fucking you. What I'm saying is that you can't always promise that you're going to be there when I need... sexual attention or whatever you want to call it. Don't you think that the same is going to be true for Alex and Toni and that you might be the one that needs to help them?"
He hadn't considered that.
"Dane, I didn't want to have a conversation with you so that we could declare ourselves a couple and start planning a future. I'm sorry if that hurts your feelings, but we've clearly got other issues to deal with."
"No, I didn't expect that," he said, shaking his head.
"I love you more than I've loved anyone," she said. "I want to be with you and be a couple; I really really do. But that's not going to be easy, and not just because we're siblings. You're a wonderful lover and you're one of the few men that I've been with that can make this ache inside me go away for a little while. But..." she said, drawing his chin up with her hand, "italwayscomes back."
He didn't say anything for a long while, digesting the information and processing everything. Eventually he looked up and nodded.
"I understand what you mean," he said. "And I would agree with you. I think that... no... I hope... that you and I can... I dunno... find something together through all this. I think that we can be as faithful to one another as possible and though we won't put any restrictions on each other, I think that we need to agree to always make time to be with each other."
She smiled, leaning in and kissing him tenderly before sitting back.
"I'll try to be there when you need me, and if I can't, then that's okay," he said. "I think you're right and that we both need to be okay with the other person being intimate with other people.
"At least for now," she said, smiling at him sweetly. "There might come a time in the future that I want you all to myself."
He smiled at that and looked down, feeling her fingers on his palm. After a few seconds of nervously tapping, she looked up at him and started to say something, but then stopped.
"I wanted to let you know something, but I don't know if you even want to know," she explained. "I just don't want you to find out somehow and be upset."
He caressed her hand, wondering what it could possibly be.
"Wade is one of the men that I've been with," she said. "Toni was also trying to help me control myself and let me use him."
Though he was surprised, he found that he was relatively okay with that nugget of information. It wasn't like that was going to be the one thing about her that he got mad at when everything else was okay.
"I guess... I'm glad that he was there when you needed him," he said. "How uh... how many times?"
"Twice now," she revealed.
He nodded, falling silent and digesting.
"You okay?" she asked, caressing his palm.
He nodded, then after a few seconds said, "Yeah, I am."
"Good," she said. "I'd happily tell you all of my sordid secrets, but I'm pretty sure that you know them all now."
"I doubt that," he said, drawing a mock look of shock for his efforts.
"You know," she said, "there are some definite perks to being with me."
"Besides just being with you?" he quipped, eliciting a giggle.
"I'll bet that Duncan, Kara, and Kelly would love to get to know you. You could always come along the next time that I go over and fuck the three of them."
"The three of them?" he asked, smirking at her.
"Mmmhmm," she said. "Kara worked at Double D's with me. She's in a relationship with Duncan and Kelly, a married couple. The three of them are part of the group at The Mess Around, too."
"I see," he said amused.
"Duncan is the only other man that has been able to make me feel almost as good as you do, baby," she said, smiling at him.
"Oh yeah?" he asked.
"Actually, if I'm being honest, Wade is a very good lover as well," she admitted. "But yeah, Duncan, Kelly, and Kara are tons of fun to play with."
"And you want to include me all this fun?"
"Of course," she said. "Wouldn't you like to fuck a cute couple of redheads?"
"I mean... yeah," he said with an easy laugh. "But I think you're forgetting something important."
"What?" she asked at length, frowning.
"We're siblings," he reminded her. "They're just going to be okay with that?"
She giggled, shrugging. "Maybe," she said. "I can be pretty convincing. Oh!" she said, snapping her fingers. "I've got to introduce you to my girlfriend, Zoey! I'd bet that she's got an open mind. I'll probably be spending more time with her, regardless."
"Why's that?" he asked.
"We're lovers," she clarified.
"No," he said. "I mean, why are you spending more time with her?"
"Well, I can't exactly go back to being the girl in the closet at The Mess Around," she pointed out. "I don't think Mom and Dad are going to stop going."
"That's a good point," he said. "I'm sorry. I know that place was a good way for you to get some relief."
She shrugged. "I just feel bad for leaving them hanging, you know?"
He nodded, but then had a sudden thought.
"What about your friend?" he asked. "Zelda was it?"
She smirked, "Zoey," she said. "What about her?"
"Well, since you can't be there because of mom and dad, she could be the girl in the box, couldn't she?"
Sam looked up into his eyes, quiet for several seconds.
"That's fucking brilliant."
"It is?" he asked, confused.