I sat in the kitchen with my sister who had just had her 18th birthday. We were preparing a small meal for the two of us because our parents were away for a couple months.
She looked over to me and said "Hey, this might be weird, but I've got something to ask you."
"Oh? Okay then go on," I replied.
"Well, I want to know the size of a penis. Just an average man's penis," she said going red in the face.
"Uhm why on earth do you need to know that?"
"Well, I was with a guy the other night and we were doing it... You know." Her words came out more awkward than I could ever have imagined. "And he told me before that he had a big one. But it didn't look very big. I didn't say anything because I didn't want to hurt his feelings but to be honest I was a little disappointed."
"Why are you telling your brother this? Don't you think it's a little weird?" I ask her.
"Well, who else am I meant to ask about this. Not Dad, you know what he's like. So that leaves you," she says, looking into my eyes with curiosity.
"Yeah, true I suppose." A sigh escapes my mouth. "Okay then what do you want to know?"
"Just how big a normal penis is, I guess. That way I'll know if he was lying to me."
I feel my heart racing in my chest. It shouldn't be. It's a perfectly innocent question. I think. I hope.
"To tell you the truth I don't actually know. It's never been something I've been too obsessed over." It's true. I didn't know at the time what an average penis was. I knew I had a moderate dick from the reactions I got off anyone who saw it. But porn had warped my perception of what I thought was average. "Nothing a quick google search can't solve though."
I took out my phone opening an incognito tab on the web browser. I looked up to my sister before entering my search, she caught my gaze and quickly looked away. Had she been looking at me?
I typed 'what is the average size of a penis' with some difficulty as my hands shook slightly.
Straight away a box of text appeared at the top of the page with a line about halfway through it in bold. It read 'on average the length of a penis is between 5.1 - 5.5 inches'. And by reading a little further down I discovered the average girth was only 4 inches.
Shock filled my body. Is that all. Is that all most people have. I hadn't ever measured my penis before, but I knew it was a lot bigger than that. I could feel my face going red, so I showed my sister the phone to take her eyes of my face.
"Well, he definitely lied. He wasn't even that big. I don't think," she said moving over to one of the kitchen drawers and opening it. "Ah! Here it is." She held up a tailor's tape. She bought it back to where we were sat and started to extend it just past the 5-inch mark.
"Yeah, he wasn't big at all. Not even average." She looked at the tape measure in her hands. "Penises are kind of pathetic really. I thought a normal penis would be bigger than that."
Shock still possesses my face. "Why do you look so surprised," my sister asked. "You're little widdler not even 5 inches." She spoke in a mocking tone and held the extended tape measure up to my face.
"No, it's not that. Just that... Well. 5 inches doesn't seem like much at all does it. I was expecting it to be more." My voice was shaky.
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks so." She still had my phone in her hands and was scrolling down through the page. "Oo! Look at this." She turned the Phone to show me the screen. "You can put in your measurements, and it will tell you how rare your dick is. That's fucking hilarious."
"Ha, no way that's so dumb." Curiosity plagued my mind as a genuine laugh escaped my mouth. "Put in the average we found and see what it says."
"Okay then." She paused to type in the numbers. "Here, if you have a 5.5-inch penis then you are in the 50th percentile." That confirmed it then. That was normal. Hardly longer than my hand. I thought that everyone could jerk off with two hands and that I was lucky to have some extra space on top of that. I guess I was wrong.
"That just doesn't seem right. Like its barely bigger than my palm," I said holding up my hand so she could see.
"When has the internet ever lied." She laughed at her own joke. "I wonder what the top 10% is. Any guesses before I try it?" she asked.
I thought to myself 'It's going to have to be a lot bigger then 5 inches surely. I have no idea how long I am but it's bigger than that.' I glance at the tailor's tape. 'Top 10% has to be a lot bigger surely.'
"Okay I'll play your game. I guess 8.5 inches is the top 10%."
"Ha you aren't even close! It's way less. It's only 6.4 inches. Before if you asked me to guess the average I would have said about 6.5. So that really puts things into perspective." She sighs, "pretty disappointing really," she takes the tailors tape again rolling it out to 6.5 inches. "It's still not that big and that's the top 10% of all men."
"No need to body shame the majority of the population," I say mockingly. I can feel my brain whirring in excitement. Not only am I in the top 10% I completely obliterate it. 'How rare is my dick?' I ask myself in my head.
"Oh yeah sure Mr Little Pecker," she says holding up her little finger. "So, you're in the top 10% are you?"
"I might be. That's none of your business though, is it?" I cross my arms. "Why don't you guess the top 1% seeing as I did the last one?"
"How about we make it a bet. If you guess closer to the answer than I do, then I'll cook for you until Mum and Dad get back next month. If I guess it closer then you have to tell me the size of your dick."
"Why the fuck do you want to know in the first place?" I ask her.
"Perfect grounds to make fun of you for." She gives me a sly grin.
"Okay then deal. But I'm the one with a penis here so I have the home turf advantage".
"True but it's not that much of a penis is it really? So I think I'll do just fine." She laughs.
From a kitchen drawer I pull out two pens and a pad of post-it notes and return to the table with them. "Here." I hand her a post-it note and one of the pens. "We'll write our answers on here so we can't cheat."
"Fine," she snarls at me. She obviously had the intent to cheat.
I start to think about my answer. 'Could I be in the top on percent. It's possible I suppose. But it can't be less than 8 surely. Maybe it's 8.5. But I went to high last time.' I scribble down a number on the note, concealing it and placing the pen down when I'm done.
My sister takes a few moments more to write down her number before relinquishing her pen and glaring into my eyes.
"On three?" I ask. She nods. "One... Two... Three." I turn my note around to face her, she mirrors my actions perfectly as we examine each other's guesses. She had written 7.25.
"Ha! Only 7 inches? That's an easy win for me," I gloat in her face.
"Don't celebrate too soon. We don't know the answer just yet," she says in a matter-of-fact tone.
She picks up my phone again and begins typing in numbers trying to find the top 1%. I get out of my seat and move behind her so I can see the screen over her shoulder. Dread fills ever fibre of my being when I see the numbers on the web page.
"HAHA! Would you look at that. 'Only 7 inches'," she imitates my voice. "You're almost a whole inch over. That's an improvement from last time at least."
7.05 inches. How can it only be 7 inches. Surely there's a mistake. Maybe I'm underestimating the size of an inch.
I stare as she picks up the tape, this time extending it to 7 inches. "Finally! A decent sized dick. Still, I thought the top 1% of dicks would be a tiny bit bigger."
I examine the tape as she speaks. I hadn't underestimated an inch at all. I was just bigger. Quite a bit bigger.
"Well, I won the bet," She gloats in the same tone I used before. "You know what that means. Come on out with the goods." She holds her palm face up in front of me as if she wants me to hand her a physical object.
I can feel my dick growing down my leg. The pulsing veins constricted against the tight material of my jeans. A sizable dick print forms, the bulge extending almost to my knee, even the slightest throbs of the shaft are clearly visible.
"Come on then you know exactly how your dick compares now." She looks down towards my crotch as she says it. I quickly dash around the table and crouch slightly to block her view.
"Actually no. I've never measured my dick. Like I said. It's never been something I've been too obsessed about."
"No way. Seriously. I thought you were kidding. I thought every guy knew their sizes to the millimetre. I'm shocked honestly." She pauses for a moment picking up the tailor's tape and thrusting it into my chest. "Well here you go. You can find out now."
"Excuse me?" I ask in disbelief at what just happened.
"You heard me. And remember I get to know when you're done," she says with a curious grin.
"Okay fair enough you want to know how big the average penis is and maybe even the top 1% but why the fuck do you need to know mine," I say so fast with excitement building up inside me.
"Because I won the bet, remember? You don't have tell me; I can just make up a number in my head. Hmm... one or two inches," She smiles at me mockingly holding her index fingers an inch apart.
"Oh fine. But only because I'm not having you spread rumours about me."
I take the tape measure and manoeuvre my way to the downstairs bathroom in a way that the dick print in my trousers isn't visible to her.
I close the door and undo my belt. My jeans slide down but get stuck on the head of my dick that is now level with my knee. Shaking the base of my member allows the trousers to fall off onto the floor with a thud. I kicked them away towards the door.
My throbbing dick springs to attention almost perfectly level with the floor but still curving down under its immense weight. The bulging veins are visibly pulsing up and down its length.
I take the tape placing the 0 mark at the base of my member and rolling it away from my body along the shaft. I stop it at 5 inches. I had underestimated my dick. It wasn't even halfway.
I kept rolling the tape further down.
7, 8, 9 inches and still room to go.
At the tip of the head the tape read 10.8 inches. Almost 4 inches longer than the top 1% and twice the length of an average dick.
I clasped my hand around the base of my dick, wrapping my fingers around its girth. Except I couldn't wrap them all the way around. It left a gap of about half an inch between my thumb and index finger.
Then at that moment a knock on the door. I hear the unlocked locking mechanism rattle. I had forgotten to lock the door when I came in.
"Are you okay in there?" she asks. "You've been gone a while."
It hadn't been that long. "Yeah I'm fine I'll be out in a second."
I watch the door carefully as I listen for footsteps walking away. There are none. I hear the lock click again and I see the handle being pulled down from the other side. I stand frozen in place as the door swings open and my sister barges through, phone in hand with the camera pointed at me.
Her phone falls the floor when she sees me, and her mouth forms an o shape. Her eyes are wide as she stares at the python handing between my legs.
"Oh. Oh my. I'm sorry. I'll go," she says, but she remains fixed on the spot with her eyes locked onto my gently swaying penis.
I don't know what to do or what to say. We are locked in simultaneous states of shock.
"Well, it certainly isn't a little widdler is it?" she whispers out loud.
"Ha. I guess not." My face goes red in embarrassment. 'Why did I say that?' I think painfully.
I instinctively take a step towards my trousers. A step towards the door. A step towards her.
My movement seems to snap her out if her trance. "So then, how big is it?" she asks.
I stop moving, racking my brain to come up with an answer to her simple question, an answer I already know, so why is it so hard to say. "Almost 11 inches," I manage to slip out after a short pause.
"Fucking hell. That's insane. How is that humanly possible. That must be like the top 0.000001%." I can hear the shock in her voice. "What is it around?" she asks.
"Oh, er. I don't know. I didn't measure it." I take my shaft in my hand again wrapping my fingers around like before.
"Holy shit. You can't even get your hand around it." She looks around scanning the floor. Eventually she finds what she's looking for and bends down to retrieve it. The tailors tape. "Well, we need a number so let me."
"Uhm. I don't know. Isn't that a bit weird." But by the time I've finished speaking she is already on her knees in front of my cock and wrapping the tape around it.
"Yes, it's weird. But so was me asking you how big a normal penis is. And now I want to know how big a big dick is. How big a really big dick is." Her hands caress the length of my shaft as she speaks. She carefully examines the tape and eventually looks up at me. "7 inches. 7 inches on the dot. You are as thick as the top 1% is long. You must have one of the biggest penises in the world. If not the biggest."
"I doubt that" I say.
"The stats don't lie," she replies. "I'm glad i asked you now. I got to see this wonder of the world."