If it hadn't been for the fact that she was halfway decent at the game, Mateo would have accused Sofia of choosing to take up golf just because of the outfits. Her closet was filled with those short tight skirts and coordinating form fitting tops. And he loved them on her. And he noticed a fair amount of the men on the course were a bit distracted when Sofi was playing nearby, so he assumed that they liked them too.
Sofia's legs were one of her best features. Not only were they shapely and tanned, but they were incredibly long. Her tall frame was nicely proportioned and she was well toned. She had the kind of legs that could wrap around a man and pull him tightly to her and to raise her hips up to meet his thrust.
She wasn't athletic by nature, but some would think that, to look at her. She had only taken up golf a couple of years ago. She was serious enough about it to have a regular golf routine. And that is what Mateo was thinking about today. He knew exactly what she would be doing.
It was Tuesday. Sofia would gave golfed with some women friends that morning and they would have finished up about noon. She would have returned home and showered in their outdoor shower before reclining on the lounge on the rooftop patio to dry off in the fresh air.
Mateo was traveling. He and Sofia were seldom separated by physical distance, but it was unavoidable. Matt needed to see to some family business back in the states. He had been gone five days already. One more day to go. He sat back on the bed in his nondescript hotel room. He was naked, telling himself he didn't want to wrinkle his clothes. But, of course, being naked was pretty much always his preference. He fluffed up some pillows behind him and closed his eyes to rest for a minute. His hand found his cock by habit and he began to stroke it as he pictured his wife's activities.
Back at home Sofia was doing almost exactly what Matt had envisioned. She turned off the stream of water in the shower that was tucked in the corner of their garden and without even bothering to dry off, she pulled on a short white gauzy dress. To call it a dress was actually an over statement... it was designed to be a swimsuit cover-up, providing the wearer a bit of modesty, but it's flimsy and almost transparent fabric really didn't qualify it as a dress.
Sofia slipped into some flip flops and headed to the rooftop patio. The thin cloth clung to her wet body as she walked. Her nipples were erect from the cool shower and the front of her dress hugged her breasts tightly. The deep pink of her nipples appeared to bleed through the wet gauze. The back was caressing her ass, and her crease was highly defined as the cloth worked its way between her cheeks as she walked.
She took a bottle of cold water from the mini frig on the upstairs patio and placed it and the current book she was reading on the coffee table by the expansive outdoor sofa. Their house reflected the typical Mexican architecture of their colonial town, which afforded them a great deal of privacy. Neighboring houses built their walls directly adjacent to each other, but the living areas inside were secluded from prying eyes. Only the rooftop living spaces might be more visible to inquisitive residents of the area. Sofi glanced around the perimeter to see if any neighbors were in sight before removing the now wet dress and throwing it over the back of the sofa. Then she laid back on the couch and felt the warm breeze begin to dry her skin naturally.
Today had been a little difficult for Sofia. She was missing Matt terribly, and had not been able to concentrate on her game. She hadn't been sleeping well without him, and she found herself incredibly horny.
So when her phone rang just a few moments later, her spirits rose. From the ring tone, she knew instantly that it was Mateo. "Hi baby," she answered.
"Hi Sweetheart," he responded.
Just the sound of his voice brought a smile to Sofi's face and caused a stirring deep inside as well. Although Matt made an attempt to ask her about her day, Sofi quickly moved to the topic foremost on her mind. Her voice became throaty and filled with emotion as she told him how much she was missing him and how fucking horny she was. Matt could sense the urgency and passion in her voice.
"I'll be home tomorrow, baby," he said. "We'll celebrate all night."
"All night my ass," Sofia said, "You won't be leaving this house for days!"
Matt smiled. He loved how horny Sofia could get. She was the sexiest woman he had ever met. Not sexy in an obvious, sex siren kind of way. But sexy in a very sensual manner. Sofia was very comfortable with her body, and her sexuality was very much a part of her being. He also knew that Sofia really needed a sexual release every day to function at her best. This was something that he happily helped her to achieve... when he was in town. But her needs definitely made their time apart more difficult for both of them.
Matt's cock stirred as he heard the lust in Sofia's voice and he tightened his grasp on it.
"Let me help you baby," he offered. "Put me on speaker phone and lay back."
Sofia did as she was instructed.
"Close your eyes. Imagine me arriving home tomorrow. You've fallen asleep, naked, on the couch waiting for me. I come quietly to the side of the couch and look at your amazing body.
"I slowly unbutton my shirt and take it off. And then I unzip my jeans. The sound of the zipper causes you to stir. You wake up. You see me. And you smile.
"You see the outline of my cock, straining against the leg of my jeans. And you sit up to help me.
"But I motion you back and I push my jeans down myself. My cock springs out. And I'm incredibly hard.
"You take in the smooth head of my cock as if you've never seen it before. As if you've never noticed the pronounced vein running up its length.
"You see how full my ball sack is. And you know how badly I want to cum for you.
"You move over on the couch and make room for me. I lay down beside you and hold you tightly against me. Your hands and mouth want to start their journey exploring me, but I pull you tighter against me. I just want to hold you for awhile. To feel the warmth of your body flow against mine.
"I kiss you tenderly and I hear you moan for the first time in five long days. I see you smile and I see the love in your sparkling eyes.
"I feel your breasts press against me. And I feel other parts of your body pressing against me too. I am in no hurry. I want this feeling to last.
"Your hands reach down and around my back to squeeze my ass. And to pull us closer together. You can feel how hard my cock is, pressed against you.
"I can feel how warm you are. And moist.
"We kiss more deeply. And I begin to move my way down your body."
Mateo heard Sofia's low moan through the phone. He knew how wet she would be. He could envision her finger rubbing her clit in a circular motion. And he began to stroke his cock faster.
"Kissing your chin. Kissing your neck. Raising your arms over your head and kissing your breast. Pausing to run my tongue around your nipple.
"I wrap my lips around your nipple and tug on it before moving to the other breast."
"Oh, baby," Sofia whispered. Mateo knew by the sound of her voice that she couldn't hold out much longer. And neither could he.
"I can almost taste you now as my tongue moves between your legs, running up and down the fold of your lips.
"I spread your lips apart with my thumbs and see your pearl, glistening and swollen, peeking out. I wrap my lips around it as I slide my fingers deep inside you."
Just then, he heard the scream. The uncontrollable scream as she gave herself over to a huge orgasm.
Envisioning the way she arched her back in ecstasy... how the sensation rolled through every inch of her body... and how her body continued to twist and squirm until the feeling subsided. As he lived this in his mind, his own climax peeked as well, and his warm, thick cum shot all over his chest.
He let out a groan that Sofia had come to recognize and to love as he was enjoying his complete release.
"Oh, Matt, that was amazing," she said, still catching her breath. "Thank you, baby."
"I gotta go, sweetheart," he said. "I need to get over to the attorney's office to finalize those papers. I'll talk to you later tonight."
After he hung up, Sofia stretched and began to look at the horizon surrounding her. It was a beautiful afternoon, so typical of the climate here in San Miguel. Bright blue skies decorated with the occasional white fluffy cloud, and mild spring like temperature. As she glanced around, she suddenly noticed someone on the roof next door. She recognized him as the gardener that came in once a week, even while the owners were away.
He was staring directly at her and Sofi knew instantly that he had been witness to her entire climax. He would have heard her husband's every sensuous suggestion and he would have seen her lose total control as her climax took over. For a fleeting second she felt her cheeks redden with embarrassment.
But just as quickly she noticed that he did not divert his glance, and that his right hand was making a steady movement just out of her line of vision below the wall that separated their homes. She was certain that he was jerking off.
The idea of it made her tingle all over and she felt her still wet pussy get even wetter.
She shifted slightly in her reclining position to make her legs more directly face him. Or more accurately, to position her pussy to more directly face him. And then she slowly began to rub her clit again.
The idea of making a stranger cum was enough to send her well on her way to a second climax, so Sofia moved slowly and deliberately. Just wait until Mateo hears how many people his afternoon "dialogue" helped to satisfy, she thought.
With her other hand, Sofia touched her breast. She circled her nipple and she squeezed it hard. She watched as the gardener's arm began to move faster and faster. His eyes grew wide, never imagining how lucky he would be to see her cum once again.
He watched as she dipped a finger inside her pussy and then put it in her mouth before returning her attention once again to her clit. He stroked his cock faster and faster until he could stand it no longer.
He let his cum shoot straight out onto the waist-high wall that separated their roof from Sofia's and he let out a guttural sound as he did.
Sofi was seconds behind him in her climax, which was every bit as strong as her first. She closed her eyes as it rolled through her body. After the last wave subsided, she opened her eyes to find the gardener gone.
She rolled over and took a long, luxurious nap, dreaming of Matt's return the next day.