Author's note: This is an obviously long story. It's a story I've had bouncing around in my head that I was compelled to tell. As I started to write it, it became apparent that it would be longer than my usual stories here, so I expanded it and took a shot at making it into a novella-length story. As I've mentioned elsewhere, this is a story. It's not a confession. This isn't an explanation for where I've been and what I've been doing for the past year. It's just a story. So, read it, but don't read into it.
I wasn't going to make it. I had another 30 feet to go, but the rip in the bag was getting bigger with every step. Even if the bag didn't completely rip open, my fingers felt like they were about to be sliced off by the bags' handles. My fingers were burning, and the tips were turning purple. But I had no other choice. It's not like I could leave the bags in my trunk and walk them to my front door one at a time. Nope. I had to park in the designated garage for our building that was two blocks down and carry the bags to our building, take the elevator up to the 6th floor, and then tote the bags to our door. There was no pit stop along the way. The best I could do was to brace the bags against the wall for a moment. I decided to do just that.
I flexed my fingers and tried to generate feeling in them again before stepping back from the wall to finish the rest of my journey to the apartment. As I stepped away from the wall, the bag finally gave way. First, one green pepper tumbled out of the bag. I lowered my hips and tried to brace the bottom of the bag with my thigh, but another pepper fell free, then the remaining two fell free and rolled down the hallway. Great.
I knelt to pick up the pepper nearest me, and as I did, one of the bags in my right hand came apart like it was made of tissue paper. A carton of eggs slipped from the bottom of the shredded bag. It seemed to hang in the air for a moment, mocking me as I looked on in horror. When it hit the floor, I could only hope from the cracking sound that there were at least a couple of salvageable eggs left.
"Fuck!" I shouted.
Rather than bothering to pick up the pepper at my feet, I kicked it like a soccer ball down the hall toward our door. I stepped forward and did the same to the nearest pepper and the two that were further away. They tumbled along the floor and skipped against the hallway wall as they came to rest near our door. I started to go back to pick up the eggs but thought better of it. They were all probably ruined anyway, and I'd probably end up ripping the rest of the bags.
I stepped up to the door and sat down the bags in my left hand. As I reached into my pocket to get my key, the apartment door next door opened. Nancy, the middle-aged shrew of a woman who lived next door, stuck her head out. She spotted the peppers on the floor just down the way from her door and then the carton of eggs on the floor in the other direction. She pushed her glasses up on the bridge of her nose before seeming to notice me for the first time. I gave her a forced smile and a nod.
"Hi, Aida," Nancy said. "Do you need a hand?"
"No thanks, I've got it."
She was already stepping back into her apartment as I spoke. I rolled my eyes as she shut her door and opened mine. I carried in one set of bags before returning for the others. Then I went back and rounded up the peppers and brought them in. I was shutting the door when I suddenly remembered the eggs. Returning to them, I knelt down and flipped open the top. 8 of the 12 were broken. Fucking wonderful. I shook my head, picked up the carton, and returned to the apartment.
***
Carlos got home a short while later while I was cooking dinner. "Hey, babe," he said as he came through the door. He gave me a peck on the cheek and put his hands on my shoulders. "Wow, you're really tense." He pressed his fingertips into my skin.
"Mmmm, that feels so good." I felt like a piano being played by a master musician. I rolled my head to the side and took a step back from the stove and leaned against his chest.
Carlos leaned down and kissed my neck, sending shivers down my spine. "You smell good."
My stomach did a somersault and I giggled. "Are you sure that's not the steak you're smelling?"
He kissed a line from the base of my neck to my earlobe before flicking it with his tongue. "And you taste good too."
"If you don't stop, I'm going to burn the steak."
"Leave it. Why don't you take care of this meat instead?" Carlos stepped closer and pressed his hard cock against me. He shifted his hands down from my shoulders along my arms and onto my waist. Then he moved them up the front of my body until he was cupping my breasts.
I needed to get this food cooked, or we'd have to order in. "Ok, hot hands, that's enough. Go fix yourself a drink. I'll have this done soon."
"I'll be done soon too. Don't let me stop you." Carlos squeezed my breasts, and his thumbs sought out my nipples. I shut my eyes as he stroked the sensitive nubs, each touch making it harder to concentrate on the meal I was supposed to be cooking. Carlos moved his hands to the top of the button-up shirt I was wearing. The top button was already open, and he moved to the second one and began manipulating it.
I put my hands on top of his. "Why don't we save this until after dinner?"
"Because I'm hungry now. Besides, you should know by now, I like dessert before dinner." Carlos leaned in again and licked my earlobe. The touch was enough to weaken my grip on his hands. He continued working and undid the button before quickly moving down to undo the next one. All the while, he continued to nip my earlobe. Before I knew it, my shirt was completely unbuttoned. He returned his hands to my breasts and pulled down the cups of my bra. I leaned forward against his hands as they roamed over my bare skin, and I pressed my ass back against him. After giving my nipples a gentle pinch, he moved his hands to my hips and pulled me tighter against him. He pressed against me, gyrating his hips with an increasing ferocity as if he was about to fuck me through my pants and right up onto the stove.
"Ok, hold that thought. The steak is almost done." I reached for the spatula and stirred the sizzling meat. The spicy smell of the peppers and seasoning wafted up to my nose. I didn't have long to savor the aromas.
As I stood preparing the steak, Carlos reached for the front of my jeans. Before I knew it, he unbuttoned them and put his fingers on the waist of them. I grabbed at the waist with my free hand and tried in vain to keep my jeans up, but Carlos was quick to yank them down to my ankles, taking my panties with them.
"Alright, that's enough. You're--"
My words caught in my throat as Carlos buried his face between my legs from behind. He wasted no time in pressing his mouth against my pussy and running his tongue along the cleft of my lips. I dropped the spatula, and the food was momentarily forgotten. Carlos gripped my ass cheeks in his hands and pushed them apart, giving himself greater access to feast on my pussy. He was eating me like a man possessed. Like a man overwhelmed with hunger who could only be satisfied by dining on me.
My legs were quickly growing weak, and I had to hold onto the oven door handle to keep myself upright. Carlos' tongue-lashing didn't last long, though. With a smack on my ass, he pulled his face free
I was both disappointed but also relieved that he'd gotten enough of a taste to hold him over until after dinner. But as I bent over to pull my pants back up, Carlos put a hand on the small of my back.
"What're you--"
I didn't get a chance to finish my question. With no hesitation, he pressed his cock into me, bottomed out, withdrew, and then threw himself against me as he plunged in again, nearly sending me toppling into the hot pan in front of me. He pulled back and then pushed in, again and again. His hips crashed against me with every stroke and sent ripples along my ass cheeks. There was no stopping him now.
There were times when he became so drunk with lust for me that there was no way to cool it off until he'd had his way with me. And as much as I sometimes felt like nothing more than fuckmeat to him in those moments, I relished the thought that I was the only thing in the world that mattered to him. Not his job. Not our shitty little apartment. And certainly not dinner.
The meat on the stove crackled and popped. The din of it complimented the sound of our smacking flesh. I reached for the spatula, and with an unsteady arm, gave the meat another stirring. But I had lost focus on it. The only meat I was concerned with was the meat filling me up from behind.
I sat the spatula on the side of the stove and grasped the oven door handle with both hands. I leaned forward and spread my feet to try to gain more leverage against Carlos' thrusts which brought my wobbling tits dangerously close to the stove. Almost as if on cue, he reached around grabbed them. Squeezed them. Kneaded them. His fingertips dug into my flesh. He leaned closer to me and swept my hair away from my neck before pressing his lips to the sensitive skin and kissing it as he groaned and breathed against me. My own breathing was heavy and matched his. As much as he needed me, I needed him.
I'd been stressed to the max lately. Whenever the stresses of life reached a boiling point, having Carlos fuck them out of me was the only way I could recover.
I let out a scream as Carlos' teeth sank into my neck. It felt like the bite of a vampire, but I was pretty sure he hadn't drawn blood. Even still, it was a sign he was close.
I removed one hand from the oven door handle and turned off the stove. While trying to keep myself balanced and steady despite the fucking I was receiving, I shifted our food to the rear of the stove. With the reduced danger of burning my face or tits off, I put my hand back onto the door handle and leaned further forward, throwing myself back at Carlos. He responded by moving his hands down to my hips, leaving my tits to swing freely as he pulled me backwards to meet his strokes.
Carlos' groans had turned to loud grunts. His grunts competed with the scratchy whines he was pushing out of my lungs. I was doing my best to try to keep my voice down. I had learned from several embarrassing experiences that our kitchen and living room butted up against Nancy's kitchen and living room, and the wall adjoining them was paper thin.
And yet, I could hardly contain myself. I needed Carlos to use my body. I wanted him to use it. And every moment of pleasure he got from it sent waves of pleasure through my body.
"I'm...almost there," Carlos said through gritted teeth. He was picking up speed. His grip on my hips had tightened.
I wasn't quite there, but that was ok. I knew he'd be up for round two later. I'd ride his face until I came and then make him eat me again.
I threw my head back and my hair fell over my shoulders. "Take it then," I said, my voice huffy. "Take this whore pussy."
Carlos let out a loud growl that seemed to echo across the room, through the stove, and up through my arms. He drove himself into me, lifting me onto my tip-toes. Once. Twice. Three times. Then he pulled out. "Turn around, turn around."
I pivoted around on my heels. His lips were peeled back, his brow furrowed. His face was locked in pure agony as he held his cock steady. I knew what he wanted, but I wanted him to make me do it. I smiled at him and leaned back against the stove. I only had to wait a moment before he grabbed me by the shoulder with his free hand and shoved me down. I sank to my knees in front of him as he stepped forward, stroking himself. I closed my eyes and tipped my chin up while pulling my hair back out of the way.
"Ohhh...shit," Carlos cried out.
Warm liquid splashed across my right cheek and onto my forehead. More across the bridge of my nose. Another spurt over my closed lips. I listened to Carlos continue stroking his cock as cum splattered across my face. After what felt like a full minute, he let out a satisfied sigh.
"Oh...God...that was so good...mmmmm." He let out a deep sigh. "Whew!"
I let out a chuckle. "Not to rush you or anything, but when you're done, do you think you could go get me a towel?"
"Don't worry, I'll get it off."
I shouldn't have been surprised when I felt his fleshy cock slide across my face.
I reached out blindly and slapped him on the thigh. "Stop it! Get a towel!"
Carlos started laughing. "Hold on, I'm getting it off for you."
He could be so immature.
I laughed and slapped his thigh again and then reached out and shoved him away. I reached down and grabbed the tails of my shirt and brought it up to my face and began wiping his cum away from my eyes. When I had cleared enough to open them, I saw Carlos standing there grinning and watching me. His face was sweaty, and his dark hair was out of place.
"You look so sexy when you do that," he said.
"Yeah, well fuck you. Thanks for the help."
Carlos threw up his hands. "Hey, it was your pussy that did it. It's not really my fault." He let out another laugh and bent over to pull up his pants.
Sensing an opportunity for payback, I gave my jaw another wipe and then pulled off my shirt. Just as Carlos was turning to walk away, I balled it up and threw it at his head. He was able to bob at the last moment, and the shirt went sailing into the living room.
"Eww, what the hell?"
"Oh, but you don't mind your cum getting all over my face?"
"Of course not. That's where it belongs."
"Oh, you motherfucker." As best as I could manage with my pants around my ankles, I shuffled across the room, my breasts jiggling, and lunged at him. He caught me around the waist and flung me onto the couch. Before I could move, he leapt onto it and pinned me down. "Ready to go again already?" I grinned up at him.
Carlos looked my body over, his eyes seeming to drink me in. Glancing down, I could see he was already getting hard again. "Tempting, but I'm hungry." He gave me a gentle slap on the thigh and rolled off the couch.
"You didn't get enough to eat a few minutes ago?" I flicked my tongue at him.
"Not hardly. I plan on eating a lot more of it for dessert."
The anticipation made my stomach flutter.
I went to clean myself up and returned to the living room where Carlos was reclined on the couch. He was cradling a half glass of something made with tequila because I could smell it from where I was. His other arm was propped behind his head while he watched Knicks highlights. I needed to rest for a moment and was in no rush to finish dinner, so I grabbed my phone and stretched out on the other end of the couch.
"You should start a Coney stand," Carlos said after several minutes of silence.
I diverted my attention away from my phone where I'd been reading a Twitter argument between two total strangers that would probably be 50 pages long if it was printed out. I swiveled my head in Carlos' direction. He was still looking at the TV and didn't seem all that interested in my response to a question that didn't make much sense in the first place. "What's a Coney stand?" I said.
"Huh?" Carlos turned to look at me. "A Coney stand?"
"Yeah, I don't know what that is. Do you mean, like, a food stand? Or food truck? On Coney Island"
"Coney stand?" He said again, like a parrot.
"Isn't that what you just said?"
"No, why would I--" he forced out a chuckle and turned his head back to the TV.
"Then what, damnit." I was getting a little annoyed and was anxious to get back to my Twitter soap opera.
"I said...," he paused and took a sip from his drink, "I said you should start an OnlyFans."
An OnlyFans? That was just as absurd as the idea of selling tacos and burritos from a rolling cart on Coney Island. I didn't know how long he'd been drinking, but he'd clearly had enough. "Put the drink down." I turned back to my phone. "This dude is out of his damn mind," I muttered.
"Just hear me out, Aida." Carlos turned his body toward me and slid closer on the couch. "It wouldn't have to be--"
"Why would I hear you out? Why the hell would I make an Onlyfans? Seriously..."
"Calm down. Just hear me out." He held up a finger as if asking for just one minute to hear what he had to say. But he didn't have a minute. I was already done with this conversation. I let out a heavy sigh and leaned onto the arm of the couch, turning my body away from him. Carlos let out his own sigh, albeit a lighter one, and turned back to the TV.
All was quiet for the next several minutes aside from ESPN until he broke the wonderful peace again.
"Look Aida, I'm not going to press you about this. At all. All I'm saying is...how much longer is our 2-year-plan going to get? What did we do? We sat down, we did the finances. What'd we say? If we just cut back a little here, a little there? We saved up. And then what? House prices got a little worse. And a little worse. Then our 2-year-plan became a 3-year-plan. Now we're up to five. I don't know about you, but I don't want to live in an apartment forever." Carlos crossed and then uncrossed his legs. "I'm tired of working my ass off and having no idea if it'll ever lead anywhere. I'm tired of scratching and clawing and getting nowhere."
I turned and glared at him over my shoulder. "Oh, so if only my wife would stop being selfish and sacrifice for the good of the two of us and sell a few naked videos, we could finally get our house."
"Aida, you know I didn't say that."
"You might as well have." I sat up on the couch. "You know, I've been sacrificing too. Not spending and buying the things I want. Not dining out. We didn't even take the honeymoon trip I wanted because we agreed to put it toward our house fund. And guess what? I work too. I work my ass off just like you." I wagged my finger at him for emphasis. "You are not the only one making an effort to get out of this apartment."
Carlos sat his drink on the coffee table and held his open palms toward me. "Look, I'm not trying to start a fight. I'm just saying, if there was a way to get out of here in one year instead of five, wouldn't that at least be worth considering?"
"Oh, and all I have to do is float my tits all over the internet." I rolled my eyes.
"Come on, it's not like you haven't put your tits on the internet before."
"You son of a bitch!" I hurled my phone at his head, but it sailed wide to the right and went into the kitchen, clattering on the floor. If he had been closer, I would've kicked him in the thigh. Instead, I jumped up from the couch and stormed off to the bedroom. I slammed the door shut behind me with enough force that there was no way our neighbor Nancy didn't hear it.
Fuck her too.
Carlos could be such an inconsiderate piece of shit that it made my blood boil. But as I sat on the end of our bed hugging a pillow with tears streaming down my face, I was even madder at the fact that he was partially right. As much as I didn't want to admit it, it did feel like we were on a treadmill running in place. We weren't getting any closer to our goal. It seemed like the more we saved, the more the housing market worked to personally fuck us over. At the rate we were going, our 2-year-plan would soon become a 10-year-plan and then 20.
But that didn't mean the solution to all our problems was for me to start doing internet stripteases.
To be fair, it wouldn't be the first time I'd taken my clothes off for money. And Carlos was right about my tits on the internet.
We'd uploaded a few fairly tame, semi-softcore videos of the two of us to a porn site a couple of years back. It was done almost as a dare between the two of us. Every now and then, we'd get a little silly, and one of us would pull out our phone and record us having sex or in the middle of foreplay. One day, Carlos threw out the idea of uploading one of the videos to the internet for fun. We decided to use one where we'd worn masks as part of a roleplay. The reviews for the video were mostly positive with most complaints being that it was too dark to see us clearly or that the camera was too far away. After we uploaded that video, I was stressed for weeks, certain that someone we knew would somehow recognize us. But no one did. And then Carlos and I uploaded another video. Then we did it a few more. Eventually, we got a little bored with it and stopped uploading.
But now, here we were again.
It was a stupid idea. And if we did it, how much money could we even make from it? I'd read a few articles about how some women did it as their sole means of income. I assumed most of those women were porn stars or Instagram camgirls who had built up a following over time. What were the odds of a regular person generating substantial money from Onlyfans? And not only was I a regular person, I'd never show my face in any of the videos, so who'd be interested? Five or six guys? It wasn't worth the hassle for a couple of extra dollars a month.
But maybe I could at least hear Carlos out. He wouldn't have brought it up if he didn't have a plan of some sort. Besides, I was hungry and also wanted my phone.
Carlos was sitting on the edge of the couch hunched over with his elbows on his knees when I emerged from the bedroom. He briefly looked up, bit his lower lip, and looked away from me and back at the TV. I walked past the back of the couch without a word. He'd picked up my phone and placed it on the counter. Thankfully, the screen wasn't cracked.
I put the steak on a low simmer to reheat it and warmed the rice for it. Once they were ready, I carried a plate of it to the couch and handed it to Carlos. He looked up as I extended it to him and accepted it with a broad smile. Perhaps I'd treated him too harshly.
I pressed my fingertips to my lips and planted them against his cheek. That was all the apology he was getting out of me. I returned to my earlier place on the couch with my own plate. "So, how would it work?" I said, my mouth stuffed with green peppers.
"How would what work?" he said, his own mouth full.
I turned and stared at him.
"Oh the...Onlyfans?"
I nodded.
He sat forward and put his plate on the coffee table. He picked up his glass and took a sip as if steadying his courage for what he was about to say. He sat it back down gingerly and turned to me. "Ok...now, before you say no, just hear the whole thing out."
"There's that phrase again. 'Hear me out.' Clearly, whatever you've cooked up is going to be something I won't like," I said. "Just spit it out."
"Ok, here it is." Carlos clasped his hands in front of him as if praying. "You know Jeff, right?"
I nodded. "Of course I do. He's your skinny friend with the shaggy blonde hair that makes him look like he's from the 70s."
"Yeah, that's the guy. So, anyway...we were talking one day and--did you know he majored in marketing?"
"Carlos, for real, what does that have to do with anything? Can you please just get to the point?" He was just about the most confident man I'd ever known, but he was acting like a sniveling weasel.
"Ok, so, we were talking, and I mentioned those guys that were staring at your ass that night we were outside Flavos."
"Oh, you mean that night when you tried to start to a fight with a couple of teenagers that happened to look in our general direction when I bent over to fix my shoe?"
Carlos waved his hand at me. "Nah, nah, they were definitely staring at your ass."
It was late, and I was too tired for another fight. "Whatever...keep going."
"Right...ok...I mentioned it to Jeff, and he's basically like, 'Can you blame them?' And I'm like, 'But that's mad disrespectful. I'm standing right there.' And Jeff's like, 'But any guy would've looked.' And I'm like, 'But they--"
"Sounds like a riveting conversation."
"No, but listen. So, then Jeff says, 'Any dude with eyes would give his left arm to see Aida naked, so how can you blame a couple of horny college kids for looking?'"
"So, Jeff and two college kids would pay money to see me naked? Great. That's a wonderful idea."
"Hang on. Jeff says that with the right marketing angle, you could get a bunch of subscribers."
"What marketing angle is that?"
"Jeff thinks that if you started with a cooking show on Youtube, you could--"
This was the dumbest thing I'd ever heard. "A cooking show? Really? No one's going to watch me cook."
"Yes, Aida, really. Jeff says--"
"I think I've heard about enough of what Jeff says."
"But--"
"I've heard you out. As they say, 'your proposal is denied.'" I turned my head to the TV and shoveled food into my mouth. This conversation was over.
***
The next morning, I had to almost drag myself out of the bed and into the shower and start getting ready for work. By the time I had to leave, I didn't have enough time for breakfast which I knew would put me in a bad mood. My low mood sank further as I stepped out the door.
"Good morning, Aida," Nancy said, stepping out of her apartment door as I passed by.
"Good morning, Nancy," I replied, offering one of my typical forced smiles. The idea of riding the elevator with that wretched woman made my head hurt, and I considered taking the stairs. But it was a warm morning, and I didn't want to start my day feeling sticky and gross.
"Compliments to the chef on that lovely meal you two had last night," Nancy said as I hit the button for the elevator. "It smelled wonderful." Her syrupy voice was as fake as the smile I'd given her.
"Thanks. I just made some pepper steak over rice."
"Sounds delicious. A well-cooked meal. That's the proper way to keep a man satisfied." She punctuated her point with a click of her tongue and raised her eyebrows. "I wasn't sure he was going to get a chance to eat it."
There were so many things I wanted to say in response, but there was no proper comeback to your neighbor trying to shame you for overhearing you having sex in your own apartment. And she never missed an opportunity to do it. Conversely, in the time we'd been living there, I'd never seen a man or woman go in or out of her apartment. She was a miserable, frigid bitch and wanted everyone else to be the same way.
I rode the elevator down without another word and bid her farewell with a nod.
The subway ride and walk to work was thankfully uneventful aside from a man in the station handing out pocket Bibles and proclaiming the coming end of the world. If the end of the world was upon us, I'd need more than a Bible to clean up my act.
When I entered my section at the office, I was greeted with a series of "good morning, ma'am" from co-workers as I made my way to my office. I thought of them as co-workers even though I was a higher paygrade than them and was the equivalent of their supervisor even though I didn't actually supervise them. Ever since I'd been promoted, I felt like they treated me differently. We used to go to lunch together and hang out in the office. But now they were all about business when they spoke to me.
I swept 'Happy Birthday" balloons out of my way as I entered my office. They were starting to lose some air but were still doing their best to hug the ceiling tiles. I sat my bag down and slumped back in my chair, staring up at the rainbow of colors hovering above me. The pink one in the shape of "30" did little to brighten my mood.
I'd been 30 years old for less than a week, but I felt like I was past 80. My life felt like it was on the downswing. Carlos had said it was my imagination, but there were lines starting to form beneath my eyes. I'd recently spotted what I thought was a gray hair and had yanked it out only to find that it was just a dark brown hair that had caught the light. But I knew gray hair wasn't far off.
I'd found that I was working harder in the gym to stay in shape, but it was a losing battle. My thighs were getting thicker. My ass didn't have the same bounce it used to. And my chest felt saggy. I didn't catch eyes on the street like I used to. In a word, I was old. And I was getting older. How much longer would I be able to keep Carlos satisfied? A year or two? Then he'd start sleeping with younger women behind my back.
I pulled an empty brown folder off my desk and draped it over my face. I didn't have long to sulk before a voice called out at my door.
"Good morning, Ms. Rodriguez. Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt."
But she was interrupting. She was always interrupting. It was Brenda, one of the college interns. She was always way too chipper and upbeat in the morning. And she was always so unsure of herself and constantly coming to me for reassurance. I never had the heart to turn her away, so every morning I'd suffer through her ramblings about all the mistakes she thought she'd made the day before.
"You're not interrupting, Brenda. What can I do for you? And I keep telling you, please call me Aida." Being called 'Ms. Rodriguez' was one more thing that made me feel like I was just a few years away from having one foot in the grave.
"Oh, sorry...Aida. Well, I just wanted to run this by you. Yesterday, Iblah blah blah blah blah..."
As usual, I tuned her out and went to my happy place. It was somewhere tropical with soft white sand and palm trees that swayed in the warm evening breeze. And cool drinks with umbrellas and a blue sea that stretched out to the horizon. My happy place was most definitely not an office building in the middle of a loud, pushy, pain-in-the-ass city where I started my day listening to a whiny college girl.
"...And so, I just wanted to make sure I filed that correctly."
I put on a genuine smile. "I'm sure it's fine. You do great work here. You're meticulous and thoughtful in everything you do. But if it'll make you feel better, I'll pull it up and double check it. It won't go out until later this morning anyway."
Brenda practically leapt into the air. "Oh, thank you so much Ms. Rod--I mean, Aida." She stepped away from my door but then poked her head back in. "If it's alright, I was going to grab a muffin from the cafeteria. Can I get you anything?"
"No, but thanks," I said, even as my stomach grumbled. I didn't need any more distractions from her for a while.
"You're welcome. I probably shouldn't get anything either. I need to make sure I fit into my bridesmaid gown next month or my friend Rachel will kill me."
Brenda was rail-thin. She could wear a Fruit Loop. "Don't be silly," I said, waving my hand to dismiss her concern. "You'll fit into it just fine. Go have a muffin. Have two."
Brenda giggled at the thought. "No way, I would never forgive myself."
"Well, have one now and save one for later."
"Ok, you've got a deal." Brenda gave me a huge smile and a thumbs up. "I just wish I was more comfortable in my own skin."
What an absurd thing to say. She had every reason to be comfortable in her own skin. She had great skin, in fact. A less sane woman would peel it off her and wear it as a suit.
I had to put a hand over my mouth to hide the smile I felt forming on my face as I imagined the comical idea of doing it. "Take care, Brenda, I'll talk to you later." Brenda nodded and disappeared from my doorway. Finally, I could get some work done...just as soon as I finished feeling sorry for myself.
***
My pity party lasted most of the day, and I was shocked when it was time to leave for the day. I considered staying a little later to make up for the work I didn't get done, but the work wasn't going anywhere. It would still be there tomorrow. I packed up and headed home.
I was pleased to make it down the hallway to my door and into the apartment without bumping into Nancy. I kicked off my shoes and stripped off my clothes, leaving a trail into the living room. I grabbed one of Carlos' t-shirts from the clean-clothes basket and draped it over myself, letting it fall down to just below the curve of my ass. I continued across the apartment to the balcony and stepped out onto it and was instantly confronted with the jarring sounds of the city.
Car horns. Someone yelling. A distant siren.
I leaned onto the rail and stared down at the street below. I imagined I was staring out across an emerald green lawn instead of a dingy sidewalk.
I was lost in a daydream when I heard the apartment door open and close. "Aida, did you see this?" Carlos was usually calm and cool in the face of almost anything, but there was an edge to his voice that made me turn around and come in from the balcony. He was holding an envelope and piece of paper above his head. "Rent hike," he said before I could ask what it was. "They're raising the fucking rent."
That was the last thing I needed to hear. "When? How much?"
Carlos lowered the paper and unfolded it. He read it over as if he hadn't already seen it. "At the beginning of next year."
That wasn't so bad. I'd heard of some buildings' tenants only getting a month's notice. "That gives us plenty of time to shift some finances around and get stabilized. How much is it going up?"
Carlos stared at me for a moment and then flipped the paper and envelope onto the kitchen counter. "More than we can afford. We're going to have to move."
"No way, it can't be that much." I stalked across the room and picked up the paper. He was right. Based on the projected new rates, we wouldn't be able to afford it. Our rent would continue at the current rate until our lease was up early next year, but then we'd get hit with the new rate and wouldn't be able to manage it.
I couldn't stop the tears from pouring out. This was all such bullshit. It was like no matter how hard we worked in life, something always pulled us down. If we took a step forward, something would knock us two steps back.
Carlos came over and hugged me. I wanted to scream but settled for bawling into his chest. What were we going to do? As much as I hated our apartment, it was ours. It was our home. And now we'd have to move from one shitty apartment to a shittier one somewhere else. Ironically, for as much as the rent was going up, paying a mortgage would actually be cheaper. But we couldn't afford that either.
Bad people were the only ones who got ahead in life. The rest of us just took turns getting shit on. Even if Carlos and I got another promotion, we still couldn't afford the new rent.
Carlos kissed me on top of my head. "Don't worry, we'll figure it out."
No matter how bad things got, he always had a way of making me believe things would work out. Except this time, I didn't believe him.
I stepped away from him and went back to my balcony perch. Why us? Had I been evil in a former life? Had I not done enough good deeds in this life? Was God punishing me?
I leaned further out onto the balcony railing and stared down at the street. A man on a bike with a large red Grubhub food carrier mounted on the front was peddling his way against the traffic. My heart caught in my throat as he nearly collided head-on with a taxi but managed to swerve at the last moment. He seemed unfazed and kept pushing his way up the street until he got to the intersection and made a left, disappearing around the corner.
He was just like the rest of us. Doing whatever he had to do to survive. Five years ago, he probably didn't envision doing Grubhub, but life had dealt him that set of cards, and he decided to play them.
I continued to stare at the corner where he'd ridden, and the longer I did, the more I envied him. He'd found something to do to try to make ends meet. And rather than make excuses for why he couldn't or shouldn't do it, he just...did it.
I owed it to my marriage and myself to do the same.
I came in off the balcony and found Carlos in his usual spot reclined on the couch watching TV. I took up my own spot on the other end and reclined the seat. I didn't know exactly how to broach the subject. "So...umm...that thing you were talking about before...how would it work exactly?"
"What thing?" Carlos asked without diverting his attention from the TV.
I cleared my throat. "The thing you said Jeff said I could do." I couldn't bring myself to say the words 'OnlyFans.'
Carlos said it for me. "The OnlyFans?"
"Yeah. Does he really think it could work?"
Carlos swung his head around in my direction and sat upright on the couch. "Oh yeah, absolutely. We've got it all planned out."
"All planned out?" I gave him a wry smile. "So, that's what you and your friends do all the time? Sit around talking me being naked?" Carlos' eyes went wide, and his expression fell. "I'm just teasing you. So, tell me about this plan."
Carlos smiled, apparently reassured that I was finally willing to actually hear him out. "I think it'd be better if Jeff explained it."
***
The next evening, we invited Jeff over for dinner to lay out the magical plan. Essentially, the idea was that we'd start by building a social media presence for me through Youtube by creating a cooking channel. We wouldn't use my real name and also wouldn't link it to any of my regular social media accounts. My videos would feature me cooking and providing cooking recipes, tips, advice, and general chats about cooking. We'd also add what Jeff called "a little caliente sex appeal." We'd only be able to get away with so much under Youtube's standards, but Jeff had a lot of ideas on how we'd be able to generate a significant amount of subscribers to the channel solely from people who liked seeing me on video. Everything from my clothes, to the way I wore my hair, to my speech patterns, would all be carefully choreographed to generate sex appeal.
I didn't understand what any of that had to do with OnlyFans until Jeff explained that while we were shooting the cooking videos, we'd start my OnlyFans page and start uploading solo nude content. We'd start with softcore videos of me in various stages of undress or in the shower and see where things went from there. Jeff reassured me that none of the OnlyFans videos would show my face. In each one, I'd either wear a mask, or he'd digitally blur my face during editing, or I could simply put my hands over my face.
After a long enough period of time and we had gotten enough subscribers to my cooking channel, Jeff would create fake accounts and spam my channel with claims that I was a "secret OnlyFans content creator" and claim to have found my "secret OnlyFans" page and provide the link to it. Inevitably, some of my subscribers would be curious enough to check it out. And while no one would be able to prove that the person on the cooking channel was the person in the OnlyFans videos, the similarities would be enough to generate buzz. In turn, Jeff would drive traffic from my OnlyFans account back to my cooking channel Again, not all of my OnlyFans subscribers would believe the person on the cooking channel was the same person they'd been seeing naked, but ideally, there would be enough of an interest to generate additional subscriptions. That would cycle interest back to the Onlyfans account and create an ever-building loop.
"So, how would all the videos work?" I asked. "How would Carlos shoot and produce the videos? He doesn't know how to do video editing. Do you?" I turned to Carlos.
Carlos' mouth opened to speak, but no words came out. He turned and looked at Jeff who looked back at him and then at me.
Jeff shifted in his chair. "Uhh...Carlos and I discussed it, and we wanted to run it by you first, of course. So basically," Jeff shifted in his chair again, "at the end of the day, none of this will matter or get off the ground without quality OnlyFans production. That means quality videos and quality editing."
A silence hung in the air.
"Right. Quality videos. Got it." I said. "So, how does he get those?"
Jeff and Carlos exchanged glances again before Jeff spoke again. "So, Carlos would record the videos, and then I'd edit them to improve the quality before we upload them." Jeff shrunk back in his seat as if bracing for an impact. It took me a moment to realize what he was saying.
"Hold on! You'd be seeing me naked? On the videos?"
Carlos moved up to the edge of his seat and reached out to me as if to calm my nerves from a distance. "It would all be totally professional. Jeff here is a total professional. He's got a whole video setup. It's his side hustle. He's done actual work for actual companies."
I glared at Carlos. "And how much of that work involved him shooting videos of his friends' naked wives?"
Jeff jumped in. "Wait, no, I wouldn't be filming the actual videos. That would be all Carlos. I'd just be editing afterwards. No different from editing any other video that I do for my clients."
I folded my arms. "What difference does it make if you're the one filming it or not, you'd still be seeing me naked."
Jeff held up his hands. "But only for artistic purposes."
"Just for art, huh?" I flicked my teeth with my tongue. "Carlos told me you told him any dude with eyes would give his left arm to see me naked." As I spoke, I saw Jeff's eyes flick down to my chest for the briefest moment.
Carlos slid off his chair and knelt next to me. He took my hand into his and stroked the back of it. "Aida, it'd be no different from all the guys on OnlyFans who'd be watching your videos."
"Except none of those guys know me. None of them have seen my face. Jeff knows me. Which means that once we start this, for the rest of my life, any time I see him, I'll be reminded that he's seen me naked."
"I don't want you to do anything you're not comfortable with. If you don't want me to edit the videos, I won't edit them. If you and Carlos want to manage the OnlyFans page, you can do it. I'll just provide advice. Carlos had originally thought it would be better if I shot the videos too, but I wasn't sure you'd be comfortable with that, so I didn't even suggest it to you."
I snatched my hand away from Carlos. "What the fuck? You were going to let him film me naked?"
"Aida, it's just for the videos," Carlos said.
"Bullshit. You just want another excuse to show me off to another one of your friends." I slapped the table. "You always do that. You act like I'm some trophy you've won."
Carlos reached for my hand again. "No, it's not like that at all. I'm just trying to come up with a way--"
I snatched my hand away. "Yeah, sure, you're just trying to save our apartment. And get our house. And it's all up to me. If I'd just show Jeff my tits, we could make enough money to have a roof over our heads."
Jeff got up from his chair. "Look, I'm sorry about this, I didn't mean to cause--"
I swung my fiery gaze in Jeff's direction. "You didn't mean to cause what? Any trouble? You just wanted to see me naked, right? But other than that, you didn't mean to cause any trouble? Is that about right?"
Carlos rocked back on his heels. "Aida, you're being--"
"Selfish?" I said. "Is that it? I'm being selfish again?"
Carlos ran his hand over his head. "No, I wasn't going to say that. I was going to--"
"Well, fine, here you go. Since I'm so selfish..." I'd had enough of these two fuckers.
I slid my chair back from the table and jumped to my feet. With the rage surging through me, I gripped the bottom of my t-shirt and hoisted it up over my bra-encased breasts to my neck. I grabbed the edge of my bra cups and yanked them down, baring my breasts to Carlos and Jeff. Jeff's eyes went wide and zeroed in on them. After I was sure he'd had a good look, I pulled my bra back up and lowered my shirt. I sat back down and turned to look at Carlos. His mouth was hanging open.
"There. Now that Jeff's seen me naked, he can shoot the videos just like you two wanted." Without another word, I lowered my head and dug into the plate of pasta in front of me. I'd gone too far, but I couldn't back down now. In the ensuing silence, the anger continued to swirl around me. Someone needed to say something. But the two of them were too chickenshit to say or do anything. "So, when do we start?" I asked, breaking the silence. Carlos and Jeff looked at each other.
Jeff ran his hand over his throat as if he had to squeeze out the words. "Uhh...first we umm...well we have to start the cooking channels and--"
I drummed my fork on the plate. "No, when do we start the OnlyFans videos?"
Jeff cleared his throat. "Uhh...once we have the cooking channels--"
"But you said we were going to run those at the same time we start the OnlyFans account. So, we might as well get started now."
Carlos got back to his feet and moved to sit back in his chair. He leaned toward me. "Aida, you're a little upset right now. Maybe you should take a little time to think this over and decide if you still want to do this."
I slammed my fork down. "I've already thought it over. I'm selfish, and you're not. Apparently, I'm the one holding us back. And I don't want to be selfish. So, let's just do the fucking videos. Come on, let's start right now." I didn't know what I was doing. The anger in my veins was in complete control. I slid my chair back again and got up from the table. Before I could change my mind, I pulled my t-shirt up and over my head, dropping it on the floor next to the table. I reached behind me and unhooked my bra and let it fall to the floor with my shirt.
"Aida, wait," Carlos said.
"No, I won't wait. Why wait?" I stared at Carlos as I unbuttoned my jeans. Carlos leaned toward me and reached for my hands, but I took a step back. If he really wanted to stop me, he could've gotten up and stopped me. But he didn't want me to stop. He wanted this. I was his trophy that he was going to use to make money on OnlyFans. Fuck him. If that's what he wanted, then so be it. His wife would be an OnlyFans whore.
I pulled my jeans down to my ankles and stepped out of them. Before I could change my mind, I stuck my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and pulled them down and over my feet. All I had left were my socks which I made short work of getting rid of.
The room fell dead silent as I stood before the two of them completely naked. Jeff was chewing the inside of his cheek. He'd turned his body slightly away from me. His eyes were flicking back and forth from my body to random parts of the room. He wanted to look away but couldn't.
Meanwhile, Carlos was gawking openly at me as if he'd never seen me naked. I'm sure the bigger thrill for him was the fact that his friend was also seeing me naked.
I put my arms up and twirled in place. "Alright, let's go. Film me. Let's get started."
Jeff scratched the top of his head. "I don't have any of my equipment with me." His voice was quiet as if he was worried he might provoke me into doing something crazier. I couldn't tell from his expression if he wanted to actually avoid that or not.
"Well, you have a phone, right? Just use that." I responded.
Jeff turned his gaze away from me and rubbed his forehead. "I don't really think we should--"
"Here, I can pose right here." I walked back to the table and leaned over it. I stretched out my arms and swept the plates and bowls off the table, sending everything onto the floor with a loud clatter.
"Aida, what are you doing?" Carlos said. But once again, he made no effort to physically stop me.
Once the table was cleared, I hopped up onto it, my breasts jiggling as I went. I couldn't believe what I was doing, but I was rage-blind. I crawled across the table to Jeff's side of it and then swung my legs around so that I was sitting spread eagle in front of him. His eyes immediately went to my exposed pussy. Embarrassment finally started to seep into my brain, and I tipped my head up so that I wouldn't see his face.
And yet again, that same terrible silence filled the room. Seconds passed. The seconds seemed to stretch into minutes.
Finally, Jeff spoke. "I'll...uhh...if you want to start the videos tonight, I can go back to my place and pick up the equipment and come back." His voice was scratchy as if he hadn't had anything to drink in a week.
I was too dug in now to turn back but was glad to have an out to get off the table. "Ok, fine. We'll be here waiting." I closed my legs and swung them around and got back up onto my hands and knees. As I crawled back to the other side of the table, I knew Jeff was staring at my ass. Part of me wanted him to pull out his phone and take a picture. But when I got down off the table and turned around, he was chewing on the end of his index finger and staring at the table. As casually as I could, I picked up my clothes and started walking to the bedroom. "Hurry back, I called over my shoulder." The embarrassment of what I'd just done was too much for me to turn back around and face Jeff and Carlos. I shut the door behind me and dropped onto the bed face first. My episode of madness had taken a surprising toll on my body because before I knew it, I fell asleep.
I woke to a gentle hand rubbing my back.
"Hey, Aida, are you awake?" It was Carlos.
My eyes strained against the darkness. "What time is it?"
"It's about 8:00. Jeff's back." Carlos stopped rubbing my back and sat on the edge of the bed next to me. "Listen, Aida, I'm sorry. This whole thing is a mess. I didn't mean to upset you with this. I just thought...maybe it would be something you'd be interested in."
I rolled over to face him. "Why would you think I'd be interested?"
Carlos opened his mouth to speak then stopped. Then opened it again. "Jeff says we could potentially make some good money doing this, but I don't want us getting caught up in something we'll regret." He sounded genuine. My earlier spectacle had clearly struck a nerve. "I'm going to go let Jeff know that we need a little more time to think about this." He rubbed my back and got up.
"Wait," I said, reaching out to him. He paused and turned to face me. Carlos was right, if this all panned out the way Jeff envisioned, we stood to make a good deal of money. And we needed that money. We'd both sacrificed in this marriage. But if I wasn't willing to sacrifice a little more, then what did it matter? "Maybe we could start with the cooking channel and see how that goes? I'm not that great of a cook. We may not get any subscribers anyway." I chuckled nervously.
Carlos tipped his head to the side. "Jeff's pretty sure it'll be a success. But you're right. We can try it out and see what happens." Carlos turned back to go to the bedroom door.
"Uhh...Carlos, maybe we could start tomorrow? I'm a little tired." The truth was that I was a little embarrassed. Naked or not, I wasn't in the mood to face Jeff.
"Sure thing." Carlos blew me a kiss and left the room.
***
The following evening, Jeff returned to our apartment. He brought enough equipment with him that you'd think he was shooting a Hollywood blockbuster. He had cameras, lights, tripods, a boom pole and microphone.
I was grateful that he acted as if my nudity stunt from the night before had never happened.
Before we started shooting, Jeff and Carlos accompanied me to our bedroom where Jeff rifled through my clothes searching for "the right look" as he put it. He chose a white crop top with 3/4 length sleeves and a pair a gray basketball shorts. It looked ridiculous and was nothing I'd ever cook in. Nevertheless, I changed into it and went out to the kitchen where Jeff had set up his film equipment.
"Alright," Jeff said, "just act natural. Cook like we're not even here. Obviously, the cameras are here. Just speak to the cameras as if you were walking Carlos through what you're cooking."
"So, act like you're not here, but are here?" I asked.
"Yeah, something like that," Jeff responded. "But also keep in mind your audience."
"The audience I don't have," I said.
"Not yet. Your future audience," Jeff said. "Oh yeah, take off your rings."
"Why?" I asked.
"Because then viewers will assume you're not married," Jeff said.
"And let me guess--that'll bring more subscribers?" I asked.
"Bingo," Jeff said as if it was the most normal thing in the world. "We're not building a classical piano channel. This isn't a comedy channel. We're not doing puppet shows. This is a sales channel."
"What are we selling?" I asked.
Jeff flicked his fingers at me as if making a mini explosion with his hands. "You."
"Break a leg," Carlos added.
Jeff went behind the camera he had positioned at the center of the kitchen. "Ok, and, action."
I hesitated for a moment, not sure what to say. "Umm...hi...welcome to my show. Today we're going to cook."
Jeff scrunched up his face and peered around the side of the camera. "Cut. Uhh...more natural, you know? You'll have an audience, so yes, you want to speak to them. But also, you want to hype up the show and hype up yourself. Let's try again. Action."
I paused and gave a long smile into the camera. "Hi everybody and welcome to the show. Today, we cook."
Jeff took a step back from the camera. "Cut."
"What was wrong with that?" I asked.
Jeff folded his arms and seemed to be searching for the right words. Carlos had a hand over his face.
Jeff unfolded his arms and took a step past the camera. "It's missing--you."
"Missing me? What does that even mean?" I asked.
"It's missing your personality. Your special...," Jeff twirled his hand in the air.
Carlos spoke up. "What Jeff wants to say is it's missing your sexiness and charm."
"My sexiness and charm?" I repeated.
"The real, regular you," Jeff said. "Not someone who's trying to put on a performance for the camera. I want you to show who you are in spite of the camera."
I shrugged and rolled my eyes. This was getting stupid. This was the real me.
Carlos got out of his chair at the edge of the kitchen and walked over to me. When he got to me, he reached out with both hands along my cheeks and held my face. He pressed his lips against mine with a slow, soft kiss that lifted me onto my toes. He pulled away all too soon but leaned in close to my ear. "If you hurry up and do this right, maybe I'll let you ride my dick later." As he spoke, he took his hands down from my face and lowered them to my torso and tweaked both of my nipples.
I screeched and jumped back, putting an arm over my chest. When I looked over, Jeff was watching us with wide eyes.
Carlos gave me a wink and returned to his seat.
Jeff stepped back and hid his face behind the camera. "Ok, let's get ready to go again."
I raised my arms and ran both of my hands through my hair. As I stretched and my shirt pulled tight against me, I knew I was giving Jeff a show. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes before dropping my arms back to my side.
"Ok, action," Jeff said.
I rolled my neck to the side and stared into the camera. Deep. As if I could almost see the people on the other side that would eventually be watching me. "Welcome, friends. You are now Cooking with Carmen. If you haven't been cooking with Carmen, then you haven't been cookinghard...enough." I emphasized the word 'hard,' and as I said it, I turned so that my ass was in profile to the camera. I continued speaking as I moved around the kitchen, telling viewers what I had in store for them: recipes, cooking tips, and even some grocery advice. As I continued, Jeff stepped away from the camera he was behind and moved to another one he'd set up at a different angle. He motioned for me to continue as I went to the refrigerator and began pulling out ingredients. As I continued, I eventually got lost in what I was doing. Carlos and Jeff faded away until there was just me and my audience. Future audience.
When I finished, Jeff said, "Cut." His face was slack. "That was amazing." He pumped his fists into the air. "That was amazing! That's what I'm talking about!"
Carlos ran over and grabbed me around the waist. "That was so hot, babe. I want to eat you up right now."
"And on that note, I'll take my leave," Jeff said, laughing. "I'll get the video edited and uploaded later tonight. I'll let you know as soon as it's ready."
Carlos kissed me on the neck. "Carmen?"
I giggled. "It just came to me, so I went with it. We had to name her something." I turned my head to Jeff. "Ok, but honestly guys, how many subscribers are we really talking about here?" I said. "And it takes time to build a following."
Jeff stopped packing up his equipment and scratched the back of his head. "Normally it does, yes."
"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.
Jeff broke eye contact and resumed packing up.
Carlos put a finger beneath my chin and turned my head to face him. "It's better if you don't ask."
This sounded sketchy. I turned my head away from Carlos. "What are you going to do?" I asked Jeff.
He continued packing and wouldn't make eye contact. "I have a few tricks. Just to get us started. After that, the channel will grow naturally."
"What tricks? What are you going to do? Hack the site?" I asked.
Jeff winced as if in pain and finally looked up at me. He waved his hands at me as if banishing the very idea from my head. "Nobody's hacking anything. I didn't hack anything."
Carlos squeezed me. "Aida, come on. What's with all the questions? He's got it all under control."
"Ok, that's fine. I just want to make sure we're not going to jail behind this," I said.
Jeff held his palm toward me. "No one's going to jail. I got it under control." His eyes shifted to Carlos and he gestured toward me as if to say, 'get your girl.'
"Babe, trust me. Jeff has it all figured out. You're going to be a cooking star."
I turned and looked at Jeff who had resumed packing up. There was something squirrelly about him that I couldn't put my finger on. Somewhere beneath that shaggy blonde hair was a menace.
***
Jeff continued to return to our apartment most evenings and on the weekend, and we continued to do videos. With our thin walls, I knew nosy Nancy could hear the additional voice in our apartment on a regular basis and would want to know what we were doing. I'm sure she also saw him toting his bags of equipment up and down the hall through her peephole. But I refused to satisfy her curiosity. A couple of times, she "happened" to bump into me while I was on my way in or out of the apartment and I danced around the subject of who Jeff was and why he was in our apartment so often. Eventually her nosiness overwhelmed her, and she came right out and asked who he was. I told her he was Carlos' friend and left it at that. I could tell from her face that she was starving for more details, but it pained her too much to come right out and ask. I relished the thought of how much agony it caused her to not know.
In our cooking videos, sometimes I explained a recipe to viewers and then cooked an entire dish for them. Other times, I simply talked to them about cooking in general. We took our show on the road a couple times and went to the grocery store where I explained different ingredients I chose to purchase and how to make substitutions on a budget.
And seemingly with every video upload, our subscriptions jumped. In less than 6 weeks, we had 1,000 subscribers. I'd never had a Youtube channel, so I wasn't sure whether that was good or not. It didn't seem like a lot. My high school had more people than that. Jeff explained that it usually took Youtube content creators more than a year to get to 1,000 subscribers, and that most creators never even got to 1,000.
It was amazing to watch my following grow, and it was amusing to interact with them. It was like having hundreds of friends. They commented on my cooking, my shopping, my kitchen, my cookware, my clothing, my hair, my makeup, the way I talked, the way I walked, the way I held a spatula. Most comments were very positive.
Thank you so much for this one! I cooked it and it came out great! Not as good as yours I'm sure!
Some people solicited advice or information.
Where did you buy that pan? I need a new one that doesn't stick
Some were borderline racist even if well-meaning.
No shit she can cook her ass off! Puerto Rican women kno how to thro down in the kitchn
A few were a little racy.
Are you as spicy as that chickin?
A few others were a lot racy.
You fine as fuck girl take that top off!!
And sprinkled throughout all the positive comments were nasty ones. Some people seemed to subscribe to my channel solely to harass me as if they had nothing better to do in the world.
Why don't you try cooking with your clothes on?
You probably don't even make that food yourself
What a surprise. Another youtube wh0re trying to gain subscribers with sex
That looks like dog food.
Everything about you is fake. Fake food, fake breasts, fake butt, fake tan, fake hair
As much as I tried to ignore them, and even though they were a tiny fraction of the overall comments, the negative ones were the ones that stayed with me. Carlos and Jeff told me to ignore them. But I couldn't. I'd lie in bed at 2 am scrolling through the comments on my phone, seething. I'd picture a dude sitting in the dark at his computer in his mother's basement tapping away on his keyboard sending out one bullshit comment after another because he's mad at the world. Or a sex-starved harpy who's jealous of me and wants to try to take me down a peg. Or a food snob who hates everything I cook and the way I cook it.
The only thing that kept me sane was the knowledge that there were people who liked me, really liked me. I woke up every day and searched out those comments. It was better than morning coffee for getting me going. It was almost better than morning sex.
***
About a week after we got to 1,000 subscribers, Jeff came to our apartment but didn't have his usual haul of equipment.
"Where's all your stuff?" I asked when I greeted him at the door.
"Jeff, my man, get in here," Carlos hollered from across the room. Jeff slipped around me and into our apartment. He slapped hands with Carlos, and the two of them went to sit at the kitchen table.
"So, what's on tap for this evening? Aren't we filming?" I asked.
Carlos and Jeff exchanged glances. Jeff slid his chair back from the table about an inch. "Ok, now that we've started to build up your Youtube base, it might be time for the other phase."
"Other phase?" I asked.
Jeff kept speaking, seemingly ignoring me. "We have over 1,000 subscribers. And we got there fast. That number is only going to go up. It's anyone's guess how fast. We might hit 5,000 in a few weeks or sometime next year. 10,000 won't be far behind that. In any event, it might be time to revisit the other side of this operation."
"He means the Onlyfans, Aida," Carlos said.
I had gathered that's what he meant. I pressed my hands together and interlocked my fingers. I'd spent so much time building myself into a mini Youtube personality that I'd gotten distracted from the whole point of what we were doing. Our endgame was money. Money that would come from Onlyfans. And while there was some money to eventually be made from Youtube, it was pennies by comparison. I'd need a lot more subscribers before we could start making any money from Youtube. Meanwhile, I could potentially make a thousand dollars from just a handful of subscribers on Onlyfans.
I let out a deep sigh. "So, when do we start?" I was having second thoughts, but I couldn't tell Carlos. He would just guilt trip me again. And I couldn't tell Jeff. Not after all the time and effort he'd already put into this whole project.
"How about this weekend?" Carlos said.
"That works for me," Jeff said. "I'm still doing a little editing on the last Youtube video we shot. And this will give me time to get the Onlyfans account set up and make sure that we're able to quickly get subscriptions--"
"And make sure that it runs smoothly," Carlos said, cutting him off. He shot Jeff a look that I couldn't decode.
Jeff nodded and drummed his hands on the table. "Alright then, we'll get started Saturday. I'll bring over everything and make sure we're ready to roll." He got to his feet and went to the door. "Like I said, Aida, this will be totally on your terms. Whatever your comfort level is."
My comfort level was zero.
"We'll catch you Saturday," Carlos said, and Jeff went out the door with a wave.
I tossed and turned most of the night, and for once, it wasn't because of mean comments on Youtube. I only had two days to get my mind right and get ready for this. I wasn't sure I could go through with it. Yes, Jeff had already seen me naked, but that was different. I was completely out of my mind at the time. I'd have to find another motivation this time.
***
By Friday, I was still uncertain about how I was going to go through with filming the next day. My mind had been consumed with the thought of it for the past two days. There almost wasn't an idle moment when it wasn't on my mind.
I was sitting at my desk in a haze Friday morning when Brenda appeared in my doorway.
"Good morning, Ms. Rodri--I mean Aida. I have those reports you wanted me to download." She took a tentative step into my office with the papers held out in front of her like a shield she'd use against me if I suddenly leapt over my desk and tried to gnaw her face off. "Just let me know if there are any problems with them. I can resubmit them and download them again. It's no trouble."
"No, Brenda, I'm sure they're fine." I reached over the desk and took the reports from her.
She backpedaled to the doorway with haste. "Ok, thanks. I'll leave you to it. I can see you're having a bit of a rough morning again today."
Again. Yes, again. Because tomorrow I was out of time. "Hey, Brenda," I said as she disappeared through the doorway. She popped her head back in.
"Yes, Aida? Can I get you something? Coffee? Tea? A muffin?"
I waved my hand. "No, I'm fine. I wanted to ask you...," I paused, making sure to choose my words carefully. "If you had the opportunity to do something that a lot of people would frown upon but would also make some people happy, would you do it?"
Brenda stepped all the way back so that she was standing in my doorway. She gave my question a brief moment of thought. "I guess that would depend on whether I thought it was morally right or not."
As far as I was concerned, there was nothing morally wrong with anonymously letting another person see me naked. "What if you didn't think it was morally wrong, but you knew a lot of other people would find it morally wrong?"
Brenda considered this. "It would depend on how much happiness it brought to the people who didn't think there was anything wrong with it versus how much it harmed the people who were opposed to it."
"What if it brought them a lot of happiness? And what if the people who thought it was wrong weren't harmed by it at all?"
Brenda spoke up without a pause. "I think that's the answer right there. If the people who don't like it aren't harmed by it, then what does it matter to them?"
I nodded. She was right. Anyone watching my videos on Onlyfans would be there because they wanted to be there. Anyone who thought Onlyfans was disgusting wouldn't be on the site in the first place. Anyone I knew who would disapprove of me being on Onlyfans wouldn't even know I was there. So, fuck it.
"Thanks Brenda," I said. "You should start an advice channel on TikTok or Youtube." Her face spread into a huge smile. My compliment had lit up her entire morning. "I'll take a look at these reports, and if anything needs to be changed, I'll take care of it. Don't worry about it."
***
I spent most of the day Saturday watching the clock Looking at it on my phone. Looking at the clock above our TV in the living room. Looking at the digital readout on the microwave. Time seemed to speed up as the day went on, hurtling toward 6:00 pm. And right at 6:00 pm on the dot, there was a knock at the door.
Carlos, who was already near it, skipped over to it, looked through the peephole, and pulled open the door. Jeff was on the other side, toting his usual pile of equipment. Carlos and Jeff exchanged greetings and hand slaps.
"Where do you want to set up?" Carlos asked.
"The bedroom would probably be most comfortable for Aida. And we don't want to film anything in the kitchen. We don't want there to be any video overlap with the cooking channel. A careful observer will notice the similarities in the kitchen and figure out it's the same place." Jeff started shuffling across the apartment to our bedroom. He only made the briefest eye contact with me and offered a quick wave. His body was tense. He was just as nervous about this as I was.
I tried to keep myself busy in the kitchen while Jeff set up. Carlos stretched out on the couch watching TV. How could he be so calm? His wife was about to get naked in front of another man. Again. And yet, he was sitting there like we'd invited Jeff over to hang out for dinner.
"Hey, Carlos, Aida, I'm all set up in here if you wanna come back."
Carlos clicked off the TV and was on his feet and headed to the bedroom before I took a step. I wiped my palms on my pants and started for our bedroom. Each step felt like I was one step closer to the gallows.
When I walked into our bedroom, Jeff was knelt down rummaging through his bag. He didn't acknowledge me as I entered. Carlos was leaning against the dresser in the corner and looking at his phone.
I cleared my throat. "So, what should I do?" My voice sounded hollow and far away. "Should I just get undressed or..."
Jeff stood up. "That's up to you. I want you to be as comfortable as possible. If you want to start by being partially dressed, that's fine. Or if you want to undress in the bathroom and then use the sheet to cover yourself to start, that's fine too. Whatever you want."
I nodded.
Whatever I want. I wanted to leave.
I took a deep breath and walked to the bed. I put my hand down on the side of it to brace myself and sat on the edge.
Jeff moved behind one of the cameras. He pointed at me and whispered, "Action."
I grabbed the tail of my shirt and pulled it out of my pants and started to lift it. My hand was shaking like a leaf. My heart was racing. I could hear my breathing through my ears. The room was starting to spin.
"I can't--" I sat forward with my elbows on my knees. "I need--I need a drink."
"I'll get you some water," Carlos said.
"No, a real drink. A shot of something. Anything. No, two shots."
Carlos scratched his eyebrow. "Are you sure you should be drinking right now?"
Jeff turned to him. "If it'll help loosen her up and make her more comfortable, what's the harm?"
Carlos stepped close to Jeff and lowered his voice, but it was loud enough for me to hear. "When she drinks, she gets a little...," he made a quiet, high-pitched squealing sound and twisted his hand in the air. Jeff squinted his eyes, but I knew exactly what Carlos meant. And maybe it was a little true.
When I drank, I tended to get a little loopy. When I had too much to drink, I could get a lot loopy.
"Carlos, please, I need it," I said.
"Get her a drink," Jeff said.
"Aida, I don't think--"
"Just get the fucking drink!" I shouted. I was sorry to yell, but I didn't need him babying me. Not now.
Carlos shook his head. "Fine," he muttered and left the room.
I fell back onto the bed and stared at the ceiling. What was I doing? Was I really about to get naked in front of my husband's friend just for money? Money that we didn't really need. We could find another apartment. It's not like we were in danger of being homeless. And so what if we could never afford a house? Going through with this was a big risk. What if someone somehow recognized me? What if my employer found out? They'd fire me for sure. Carlos might get fired. Then we would be in danger of being homeless.
Carlos returned to the room carrying two small glasses of brown liquid. "Alright, here you go." He handed me one, and I took it and slung it into my mouth without hesitation. It burned like I'd just swallowed burning gasoline, and it sent me into a coughing fit. When I recovered, I reached for the other glass Carlos was holding.
"Maybe we should start with just one," Carlos said.
"Give it to me." My voice sounded like a hiss.
Carlos seemed uncertain and looked at Jeff. I sat forward and lunged for the glass, snatching it out of his hand.
"Aida, wait." Carlos reached for me, but it was already too late. I poured the second glass down my already burning throat. I let out a groaning scream as the alcohol slid down. I started coughing again and sat forward with my head between my knees. I felt like I was choking. Carlos sat down next to me and rubbed my back. It took a good minute before I pulled myself together. I lifted my torso to sit back upright, but my momentum carried me over, and I fell flat against the bed. I shut my eyes and took a moment to try to settle myself.
I tried to slow my breathing. Slow my heartrate. Tried to find comfort within my skin.
Somewhere outside down on the street a dog was barking. The evening traffic passed by the building in a rumble of engines and horn honks.
In the room, there was just the sound of breathing. My breathing. Carlos' breathing next to me. I assumed Jeff was still across the room. Waiting. Waiting for me. Waiting to shoot his video.
Fuck him. And fuck Carlos too. And fuck Nancy. I knew she was straining to listen through the wall. Fuck 'em all.
Fuck. Them. All.
I let out a deep sigh and opened my eyes. It took a moment for my eyes to focus. There were streaks along the ceiling where the painters hadn't properly matched up the paint. I'd never noticed it until now. Why they'd had to paint part of the ceiling was beyond me.
My mind drifted away.
Maybe there'd been a leak in the apartment upstairs prior to us moving in. Maybe someone had hung something on the ceiling and had damaged the paint when they took it down. Maybe someone had been walking on the ceiling.
Wait, what?
I sat up, a little too quickly as it turned out. The entire room twirled around me like I was on a carousel. "Oh, shit...," I muttered and sank back onto my elbows. I couldn't support myself and fell back onto the bed once again.
Carlos' face appeared above me. His brow was furrowed with concern. "Are you ok? I told you not to drink them both."
"I told you not to drink them both," I repeated in a mocking tone. The Spongebob mocking meme popped into my head. I let out a huge laugh and grabbed Carlos by the collar. "I told you not to drink them both." I started laughing again.
Carlos frowned and shook his head. "Hey Jeff, I'm sorry. Let's pick this back up tomorrow afternoon."
I balled up Carlos' collar in my fist. "Oh, what's the matter? Getting cold feet? Don't want your wife naked on video anymore?"
"Damnit, Aida, you're drunk." Carlos snatched his shirt from my grip and slid to the end of the bed.
Carlos was bullshit. I might've been a little buzzed, but I wasn't drunk. He was chickening out. But I wasn't going to let him.
"I'm not drunk. I've never felt better." I clapped my hands at Jeff. "Action! Let's get this show on the road."
Jeff looked back and forth between me and Carlos.
"Oh, don't tell me you're getting cold feet too," I said.
"Why don't I just leave everything set up right here just like this and we get going tomorrow?" Jeff said. "I could even come in the morning so we can get started early."
"No, now! Let's go. Let's do it right now. Do it live! We'll do it live!" I started cackling like a maniac. I knew that quote from somewhere but couldn't place it.
Carlos walked over and leaned against the dresser. "Fine, Aida, do what you want."
"Oh, don't be such a baby. This was your fucking idea."
Carlos folded his arms and looked away.
It was showtime.
I grabbed the bottom of my shirt and lifted it, not hesitating as it went up over my bra and over my head. I stared into the camera Jeff was standing near and smiled while twirling the shirt above my head. I let it go, and it sailed off to the side of the room and went behind the dresser that was against the wall. I got to my feet, swaying as I did. The whole room felt like it had tilted to the side. I took a step backwards to brace the backs of my legs against the bed. I reached down and unbuttoned my pants and dropped them to my feet. I sat back onto the bed and pulled them over one foot and kicked them off the other foot.
Jeff's face was buried behind the camera. In fact, his whole body seemed to be trying to hide behind it. Carlos was still sulking in the corner and was watching me with dark eyes.
"Oh, lighten up, will you?" I said to Carlos. "Here, why don't you come help me with my bra?" I turned my back to him and reached behind my head to hold my hair up and away from the clasp.
Several moments passed before I heard footsteps as Carlos came to me. His hands reached for the clasp. He had it undone almost in an instant.
I turned around and stuck my chest out at him. "Help me with the straps?" He was still frowning but slipped his fingers into the straps of my bra. As he lifted them off my shoulders and I slid my arms through, I grabbed his wrists and pulled his hands down onto my now-exposed breasts. He tried to tug his arms away, but I wouldn't let go. His hands felt too good on me to let go. He might've still been angry with me, but he didn't need any encouragement to give my globes a gentle squeeze. I leaned backwards on the bed, pulling Carlos with me. He allowed me to pull him down so that he was kneeling over me, his hands still on me. I let go of his wrists and pulled the bra away and flung it off the side of the bed. With my breasts fully free, I put my hands on the back of Carlos' head and pulled him toward me.
"Give 'em a kiss," I whispered.
I didn't have to ask twice. Carlos leaned down and pressed his lips against my left nipple before taking it into his mouth. I whined and lifted my torso trying to feed more of my breast into his mouth. His mouth was hot on my skin.
I needed it. I needed more of it.
I twisted my body and pulled his head to the other side. His mouth sought out my other nipple and clamped down on it.
"Yeah...eat them." As I spoke, I let go of his head and slid my hands along the front of his shirt. Lower. Lower. Until they reached the front of his pants. He was as hard as a steel rod. "Is this for me?"
Carlos mumbled a response into my tits. The vibrations from his mouth rippled through my flesh and into my core.
I couldn't wait anymore.
I reached for his belt buckle and undid it. I unbuttoned his pants and reached inside, but Carlos grabbed my wrist and stopped me.
"Just a little bit," I pleaded. "Let me just have a little bit, then I'll stop." My voice was husky and raw.
Carlos loosened his grip on my wrist, and I reached into his pants and beneath his boxers. His cock was hot. It felt like all the blood in his body had gone into it. I slid my hand back and forth along the smooth skin. Carlos groaned into my breast, sending another wave of vibrations through me. I used my other hand to push and pull at his pants and boxers, exposing him.
Carlos lifted his mouth from my nipple. "Ok, I think that's enough," Carlos said.
"One lick. Let me just have one lick of the lollipop." I stuck out my lips and made a pouty face. "I can't go to bed without dessert."
Carlos was trying to keep his face set like stone, but the faintest hint of a grin appeared at the corners of his mouth. "Fine. One lick."
He shifted his hips, and I reluctantly let go of his cock. I used both hands to push down his boxers and pants as he moved further up onto the bed. He knelt next to me with his hard cock sticking out in the air above my face. I urged him to come closer, and when he did, I stuck out my tongue and put the tip at the base of his shaft right above his balls. I slowly dragged my tongue along the underside of his cock, slipping it from side to side as I went. I tongued him all the way up until I was beneath the head. I pressed my tongue flat and slid it under the head and then up and over the tip.
Carlos let out a loud groan as I did it. I wasn't sure if he was going to hold me to our agreement of one lick, so before he had a chance to pull away, I put my hands on his ass and opened my mouth wide. I pulled him forward and made him sink his cock into my mouth. Carlos let out another groan as his head slid over my tongue toward the back of my mouth. I relaxed my throat and took him in until his tip entered my throat.
"Oh, fuck yeah, that's so good." Carlos' voice was strained.
After a few seconds, I felt his hips rising. I held onto his ass to try to keep him from pulling away, but he wasn't done yet. He withdrew until just the head remained behind my lips and then pushed back in, sinking down until his tip bottomed out in my throat again. After a few seconds, he withdrew to the head again and pushed back in. He did it again and again, spending less time at the back of my throat each time until he was essentially fucking my mouth. I did my best to control my breathing and the spit pooling at the corners of my mouth, but he wasn't making it easy. Before long, he picked up speed and his cock turned into a piston in my mouth. I opened my mouth wider to try to breath around him, and the sound of me basically gargling his dick filled the room.
"Yeah, just like that, I'm almost there," Carlos said.
I let go of his ass and pushed against his chest until he pulled out of my mouth. "No, don't cum in my mouth." He knew I hated the taste of cum. I'd sometimes still let him do it, but this wasn't one of those times.
Carlos was huffing and puffing. "Fine. Then I'm cumming in your pussy."
That was fine by me. I lifted my ass off the bed as Carlos grabbed for the waistband of my panties and slid them off me. He leaned forward and put his head between my thighs and dropped his mouth onto my pussy.
I let out a scream and grabbed the back of his head to pull him closer. "Oh fuck, eat it just like that."
Carlos' tongue ran up between my lips and danced along the side of my clit. He passed it back down the other side, denying me the direct contact. I rolled my hips and tried to get him to focus on it, but every time I did, he moved his tongue left, right, or lower. I needed it so bad.
Carlos stopped licking me for a moment. "What's the matter?"
I made a whining sound and thrusted my hips at him.
He put a hand against the side of his head and cupped his ear. "I can't hear you." He was actually going to make me say it.
I didn't want to, but I needed to cum. "Lick it," I whispered.
"Huh? Lick what? I can't hear you."
I put my hands over my face. "Lick my clit!"
I heard him chuckle, and a moment later, his mouth was back on my pussy. He flicked his tongue up between my lips going back and forth like a tiny cock. When he reached my clit, he moved his tongue away yet again.
"Oh my God, stop doing that!"
He passed it down the other side, once again dodging my clit. I pulled my hands away from my face and grabbed too handfuls of his hair. This time, I was determined. I rolled my hips and rubbed my pussy across his face. I shuddered as his lips brushed my clit. When he brought his tongue in for a landing, that was all it took.
I let out a primal scream as my body was rocked from pussy to core with waves of pleasure, one right after another. I clenched my teeth tight and shut my eyes as I rode Carlos' face. I moaned and bounced my body on the bed as he ate me through my orgasm, his tongue never staying still. Even as my orgasm started to pass, he kept going. There was a moment of sensitivity when it became too much, and I pulled on Carlos' hair until he stopped licking. When he lifted his head, his face was glistening from nose to chin. His beard and mustache were soaked.
Grinning, Carlos rose up onto his hands and knees and crawled over the top of me like a lion about to pounce. And then he did. Gripping himself with one hand, he pushed himself into me. I was still sensitive and put my hands against his chest to try to get him to go slowly. But he wouldn't be denied. He dropped his hips onto me and sank down, filling me with his thickness. He raised and dropped his hips again and kept going, building himself into a rhythm. All I could do was lie there and take it.
The bed rocked beneath us, squeaking quietly with our motion. I moved my hands up from Carlos' chest to his damp face and ran my fingers over it. I smeared my juice through his facial hair and across his face. When he opened his mouth, I stuck a finger in, making him taste me again. He licked and sucked on my finger like a man in the desert trying to get the last drop of water out of his bottle.
I slid higher up on the bed as Carlos fucked me across it. I reached back and grabbed a pillow and put it between my head and the headboard even though it was padded. When Carlos really got going, the padding wasn't enough to keep my skull from getting knocked around.
Carlos rocked back onto his heels and hooked his arms under my legs. He was getting close now. This was always his favorite position when he came. With my legs raised, he pushed them back so that I was nearly folded in half and resumed hammering me. His hips slapped against my ass with steady strokes. The sound seemed to echo out in all directions and sounded like someone clapping their hands in the middle of the street.
Carlos' grunts were louder now, and he'd shut his eyes. The only thing that mattered to him now was cumming. And in that moment, a figure appeared next to the bed holding a camera.
Jeff.
I'd completely forgotten him. His movement was silent and graceful like a swan wading across a pond. I bit my lower lip while staring directly into the camera. There was the tiniest bit of embarrassment somewhere deep within me, but it was no match for the raw lust I had for the man between my legs. Jeff panned the camera from my face to Carlos' face. Carlos still had his eyes closed and had no idea he was on film.
"Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Carlos shouted.
Jeff raised his knee and knelt onto the bed, moving closer. Carlos must've felt the bed shift and opened his eyes. There was a brief moment of confusion in his eyes as he noticed the camera on himself, but he didn't stop fucking me. Instead, he growled and picked up speed. Jeff leaned in closer to me until we were almost touching and angled the camera down to where Carlos and I were joined.
"That's it, that's it! Oh, fuck!" Carlos gave me a long series of rapid thrusts that pushed my head tight against the pillow. My feet dangled in the air above us.
He let out a loud groan and pushed himself into me and held it. I could feel his cock twitching and knew he was firing off spurts of cum into me. He let out another groan and withdrew halfway before pushing in again. After holding himself in me for a long while, he lowered my legs down to the bed and removed his arms. He placed them on each side of my body and braced himself as he lowered himself onto me. His shirt was damp with sweat. I shut my eyes and wrapped my arms around his back and pulled him tight against me. I could almost feel his heart beating through his chest into mine. His breathing was deep. It washed across my ear and tickled me as he blew it out of his mouth. I could feel his cum running out and cooling on my skin.
We laid together like that for several minutes before Carlos lifted himself up. When I opened my eyes, he smiled down at me and leaned down and kissed me deep. When he sat back up, he withdrew and rolled off the side of the bed and pulled up his pants. Jeff moved backwards on the other side and got off the bed. As soon as he was out of the way, I rolled off in the same direction. The room began swaying again when I got to my feet. After taking a moment to steady myself, I went to the bathroom to clean myself up.
When I came back out, Jeff had packed up, and I heard him and Carlos out in the living room talking. I pulled a long t-shirt out of one of my drawers and draped it over my naked body before leaving the room.
When I entered the living room, Jeff and Carlos looked up as if I had caught them swiping cookies from the cookie jar.
"Ok, so yeah, I'd better get going," Jeff said as he shuffled toward the door. "I'll call you guys tomorrow."
My legs were still wobbly, and I reached out for the arm of the couch and used it to guide myself around to sit on it.
"That was fucking wild, huh?" Carlos said.
I nodded. I was still trying to replay it in my hazy mind while coming to grips with the fact that Jeff had been watching and filming the whole thing. "What do you think about it?"
Carlos curled his lips into his mouth. "I think it's a lot to think about tonight. We should see how it all looks in the light of day."
I knew I'd be mortified about it in the morning, but for the time being, I felt good. I stretched out my arms and legs and let out a sigh.
"I'm going to go grab a shower." Carlos kissed his fingertips and pressed them against my forehead as he passed. "I'm proud of you." And then he continued past into the bedroom.
My heart warmed at his words. I knew he was proud of me. Proud of my accomplishments at work. Proud of my cooking. Proud of me being his wife. He didn't always say it, but I knew.
But this was different. He was proud of what I'd just done. Truth be told, maybe I was a little proud of myself.
***
By morning, my tune had changed. I wasn't 100% sure of everything that had happened the night before, but I remembered enough to know that Carlos and I had had sex in front of Jeff on camera. And my head. Ugh. It felt like a rock was bouncing around the inside of my skull.
I wasn't in the mood for Nancy's shit when she popped out of her apartment as I was returning to the apartment after running downstairs to get the mail. She must've heard when I left and was probably looking out her peephole waiting for me to come back.
"Party night last night, huh?" she said, stepping out her door and pulling it shut behind her as she pretended to be going somewhere.
"No, one of Carlos' friends came over to hang out with him," I said.
"In the bedroom?" she asked. Her voice was dripping with accusations.
I tucked the mail into my body and folded my arms. "I don't really know. I fell asleep. He was gone when I woke up."
Nancy put a hand under her chin. "Hmm...I'm not sure who that was I heard then. It sounded like a woman entertaining a couple of guys, though." She shrugged and said, "Anyway...see you later."
My blood was boiling. She'd obviously heard me through the wall. Didn't she have anything better to do? And who cares? I was fucking my husband. Big deal. What a fucking prude!
I continued to glare at the back of her as she walked down the hall to the elevator before I turned and stomped into my apartment.
By the time Jeff called around midday, I wasn't really in the mood to talk to him or deal with what we'd done the night before, so Carlos fielded the call by himself.
Jeff said that he knew Carlos and I hadn't intended to shoot a couples video, but he didn't want to pass up the opportunity in case we were interested. He was still in the process of editing the video, but it was looking sensational. He wanted to know if we wanted to set up the Onlyfans account as a couples account and do couples videos instead of me doing solo videos. Jeff's thinking was that by working as a couple, it was likely that we'd build up subscribers faster and make more money. In Jeff's words, the only thing guys liked more than looking at beautiful women was looking at beautiful women getting fucked. And with couples videos, we'd gain more female subscribers.
Carlos was fully on board, but I was more hesitant and wanted to see how the first video turned out before committing to the idea.
***
Jeff continued working on our video throughout the rest of the day and sent it over to us that evening.
I cringed as the video started with me in the center of the frame stripping out of my clothes. I appreciated the fact that Jeff had edited the video so that it cut my head out of view. When I moved on the bed and my head entered the camera shot, my face was blurred out. I was completely unidentifiable. Jeff had done the same for Carlos.
I continued to watch the video and cringed again at the sight of Carlos mouth-fucking me. I hadn't noticed Jeff move to the bed at the time, but he had moved to the side of us and zoomed in close enough to see the spit on my lips. And his equipment had captured every embarrassing sound.
The sound of Carlos working his cock in and out of my mouth as he tapped my tonsils with it. The sound of me begging him to lick my clit. The sound of the bed shaking while he fucked me.
I looked on in horror as the camera zoomed in on my face while Carlos was eating me out and the top half of the facial blur disappeared. My eyes were closed, but you could see them straining against the lids. You could see my eyebrows furrowed in agony. You could see my hair spread out around me. And you could hear me howling like a whore.
I'd seen enough.
I sat with my hand over my face while Carlos continued to watch. There was no way we could put this video out there. I looked and sounded ridiculous. No one was going to pay for anything like that.
"I don't think we should do it," I said to Carlos when the video ended.
"Are you nuts? This is great. Why not?"
"Because I look like...I look so desperate. Like I've never had sex before. And I look terrible. You can see everything. Every dimple. Every mark. I didn't think I would look so bad on camera." I scrunched up my body in my chair and leaned against the table.
"Are you serious right now? Jeff has probably jacked off to you ten times already. I'll bet that's why it took him so long to edit the video."
That wasn't the most appealing thought. "I don't know...I don't think we should go through with this."
Carlos let out a deep sigh and rubbed his face. "You have no idea how many guys would pay to see videos of you like this. It wouldn't even have to be a good video."
I folded my arms. "How would you know?"
"Because I'm a guy. And if you weren't already married to me, I'd pay for videos of you."
I wasn't sold. "What if we don't get any subscribers?"
"We will."
"But how do you know?"
"Like I said, because I'm a guy. We see hot women on the internet, we click 'like.' We see hot women on the internet, we subscribe."
I spun in my chair to face him. "Wait a minute. How many women have you been subscribing to?"
Carlos let out a chuckle and wrapped his arms around me. "Well, I found this really hot woman a few weeks ago on Youtube. She looks like she might be Puerto Rican or Dominican or something. She has this cooking channel, and she's so sexy on it. Sometimes she wears these cute little shorts that--"
"Haha, very funny. Wise-ass."
Carlos kissed me on the forehead. "Please. Can we at least try it? Let's start the account and leave the video up for a week. If no one subscribes, we'll close up shop and figure out something else."
The problem was that there wasn't anything else. There was no Plan B. "Fine. One week."
Jeff opened our account later that night and uploaded the video. We got our first subscriber in less than an hour. By the next morning, we were up to 12.
"Where did all these people come from?" I asked Carlos when he showed me our statistics.
"I told you, Jeff's a marketing master."
***
Jeff returned to our apartment the following evening so we could keep up with our cooking videos as well. We also discussed shooting another video for Onlyfans. Jeff explained that we had to keep the content coming to retain our subscribers and gain new ones. I reluctantly agreed to shoot another video with Carlos and also did a solo video where Jeff filmed me taking a shower. I felt incredibly self-conscious while making both videos. But after Jeff uploaded them, the subscriptions continued to go up. And so did the tipping.
Tips were money that subscribers sent to us to show their appreciation for our content. We received tips on our videos. We received tips from direct messages that subscribers really wanted us to respond to. We received tips directly to our profile. The money we earned in tips certainly wasn't enough for us to quit our regular jobs and do Onlyfans full time, but it wasn't throwaway money either.
Jeff boosted traffic to our Onlyfans by starting an account on Pornhub for us that showed short clips of the videos on Onlyfans.
Meanwhile, our Youtube channel continued to grow. By the following week, we were up to 2,000 subscribers. I continued to lie in bed in the middle of the night and doomscroll comments to the channel, but I was feeling better about the channel overall. The increase in subscribers had meant an increase in positive responses which in turn overshadowed the number of assholes.
We continued uploads to Youtube and Onlyfans for the next two months when we hit 10,000 subscribers on Youtube.
"It's time," Jeff said when he came over to our apartment one evening for a film shoot.
"Time for what?" I asked as I marched across the apartment in a bra and panties. We were doing a cooking video, but I'd gotten comfortable enough around Jeff that I didn't always feel the need to be totally dressed when he showed up.
"When I upload the next cooking video, I'm going to start the Onlyfans spam. We're lagging a bit with our Onlyfans subscriptions compared to what I'd hoped at this point. We're doing fine, but it's time to boost it."
I pulled a basketball jersey over my head. "Tell me again, what're you going to do?"
"I already have the fake accounts set up. I'll start with one and use it to post comments claiming that you're an Onlyfans pornstar and tell people to go to your Onlyfans account and look you up. Like I said before, most people will brush it off, but some people will be intrigued enough to look. Among them, some people will doubt it's you, some people will suspect it might be you, and some people won't know what to think. But regardless of whether people think the woman on the cooking channel is the same woman on Onlyfans, some people will like what they see and quietly subscribe to the Onlyfans account. In turn, we'll start driving traffic from Onlyfans back to the Youtube channel. Once again, some of your Onlyfans subscribers will believe it's the same person, some will doubt it, and some won't know what to think but will want to believe it's you. Fantasy is an incredible stimulant."
It was time to kick this Onlyfans thing into high gear. "Let's do it."
Jeff spent that night and the next day and evening editing the newest cooking video and got it uploaded. He waited about two hours before he put things in motion.
I knew I'd seen her somewhere before. It's been driving me crazy. She's on Onlyfans!
Jeff added our Onlyfans username to his comment. It got 3 likes within the first half hour. By the next hour, it received its first reply.
How can you possibly tell it's the same person? You can't see her face? The voice doesn't even sound the same. You have way too much free time on your hands dude.
Jeff sent a response.
It's definitely the same girl. Same body type. Same body shape. Same skin tone. Same hair texture. She even moves the same way.
Another user responded to that reply.
There's probably a million women on the planet that look similar to her. Give it a rest. Reported.
But Jeff didn't give it a rest. He added the same types of comments to other cooking videos on my channel. But my supporters were protective. By the next day, Youtube had removed all of Jeff's comments and had suspended his account. It didn't matter though, the 'damage' had been done. There was a notable uptick in our Onlyfans subscriptions in the wake of Jeff's spamming spree. It was undeniable that some of my cooking fans were at the very least pleased with what they saw on my Onlyfans account regardless of whether they believed it was 'Carmen.' I couldn't help feeling unease at the fact that there were now a bunch of total strangers looking at my face and my naked body every day even though they didn't know for sure that they belonged to the same person.
***
Over the next several days, Jeff continued to use his manufactured accounts to spam my cooking channel with the same claims about Onlyfans. And despite Jeff's demands from his fake accounts that 'Carmen' address the allegations, Jeff told Carlos and me that the controversy would build up better if I ignored it. And through it all, my cooking fans continued to fight back, in some cases with bloodthirsty intensity. One of them threatened Jeff's fake account and said that he was going to hunt him down and cut off his hands to prevent him from spreading lies about me.
I wondered if this was what it was like to lead a cult.
The Onlyfans subscriptions continued to rise, and the reviews were generally positive. I was most shocked by how many subscribers were women and by how many of them offered to meet me or exchange private videos.
The money kept coming in. It was a trickle, but at least it was steady. It was enough money that Carlos and I began shopping around for houses, certain that the money would increase to the point that we'd be able to finally afford one. But it was still an uphill climb.
Jeff sat down with Carlos and me one evening to go over the Onlyfans finances. According to him, it didn't paint a great picture. Despite our strategy of funneling new subscribers from the cooking channel, we were reaching what he called a 'critical mass.' Even though overall subscriptions had continued to go up, we had lost subscribers along the way. People complained about stale content, or that I was too stiff, or that our first video was bait to lure people into subscribing to the follow-on content which was trash.
I obviously disagreed with those people. If they wanted to leave, they were free to hit the road. New subscribers were constantly replacing them. But I couldn't ignore the statistics that Jeff had shown us. Between subscriptions and tips, there had been a steep climb in the first weeks after we started. Based on that projection, it looked like it would only take us a few months to be able to afford to move. But that climb had tapered off.
In the weeks that followed, what Jeff had predicted at our financial meeting came to pass. Subscriptions stagnated. Several of the houses Carlos and I went to tour were sold right out from under us. We needed more money, but it was going to take time. We'd earned enough money to be able to afford a new lease on our current apartment, but I was focused on buying a house. We hadn't gone through everything we'd gone through just to continue treading water. But the question was, how could we improve our content and increase viewership?
According to Jeff, our initial video was a huge hit, but we hadn't been able to recapture its popularity no matter how many different types of videos we shot. Carlos suggested doing a live video. I was opposed because I didn't see any way for us to retain our anonymity. Jeff said it was doable. He suggested we could wear masks, and he had some audio equipment that he could use to alter our voices on the fly. After three days of Carlos sulking, I finally agreed to do it.
It was a total disaster. I felt uncomfortable throughout it. Not only was I contending with Jeff hovering around us, I felt like our live viewers were in the room watching me too. Jeff's general look of disapproval throughout filming confirmed the thoughts in my head that it wasn't going well. Carlos seemed to be enjoying himself well enough though and concluded our performance by pulling out and splashing cum across my tits.
We made some money off of the live video, but the trashing we took from the responses to it was relentless. I say 'we,' but the comments were all about me. About how stiff I was. About how amateurish I looked. About how I seemed afraid of the camera and the cameraman.
And then there were comments that were flat out dumb. Messages from people saying I was a whore and a slut.
How could I be a whore or a slut if I was fucking my own husband? And why were these people subscribed to my account if they were just gonna trash me? They were literally paying me money just so they could talk shit.
Jeff was borderline hostile when the three of us regrouped afterwards to discuss what had gone wrong. He basically echoed what the subscribers had said.
"And it's not just this one. I didn't want to say it before, but all of your videos are like that. Especially your solo ones."
His words pierced my chest like an ice pick. "Well, if I was so bad, why did you keep shooting them?" I asked.
"Honestly, I thought you'd get better," Jeff responded.
What an asshole. I turned to Carlos for support but found none.
"I kind of have to agree with him, babe. I've rewatched our first video a hundred times. It's hot. There's so much passion and freedom there. But none of that is in anything you've done since then."
"So, what you two are saying, is the only video you like is the one where I look like a drunk hooker?"
Jeff bit his lip.
Carlos threw up his hands. "See? Why do you do that?" Carlos said. "Why do you always have to take it there? Why do you always have to say you're being a 'whore' or a 'slut'? Why can't you just be a woman that enjoys sex?"
I started to remind him that he had just told me to 'take it, you whore bitch' three days ago while holding my head down on his cock. Instead, I turned my back to both of them and went and sat on the couch. "I already said I'm not getting drunk to do these videos. That was just a one-time thing. I'm not going to wake up the next day and have to watch the recording just so I can try to remember what I did because I was too drunk. No."
"No one's saying you have to get drunk," Carlos said. "What about just a few sips? Just enough to get a buzz going? A little liquid courage?"
"No alcohol, Carlos!" I shouted.
"Alright, whatever. I'm going to take a shower." Carlos stomped into the bedroom and slammed the door.
I folded my arms and stared at the closed door. This whole thing had been his idea, and now he was throwing a childish tantrum.
"Listen, uhh, I'm sorry," Jeff said. "I'd better get going."
I looked him up and down. "Well...bye." I knew I was kind of being a bitch at that point, but I was still a little stung by his earlier words.
When he was gone, I turned on Netflix and went scrolling for something to watch. Nothing in my list interested me. Movies. TV series. Stand-up comedy. Nothing. I was still wandering aimlessly when Carlos emerged from the bedroom in a pair of boxers and was still damp as if he had barely attempted to dry off. He dropped onto the other end of the couch in his usual spot.
We sat in silence for several minutes while I bounced from program to program, watching parts of trailers and reading descriptions before moving on to something else.
"It's him, isn't it?" Carlos said.
I scrolled backwards. What actor was he talking about? "Who?" I said.
"It's Jeff. He's the reason you're not comfortable with any of this."
Jeff or no Jeff, I'd never made peace with displaying my nude body to strangers on a regular basis. "I mean...well, no, I don't have a problem with him."
"But you do. You barely look at him. You cringe away from him when he's filming. The only time you've ever been comfortable with being naked in front of him was the time you were blitzed. Oh, yeah, and the night you jumped up onto the table--which I still can't believe you did, by the way. You have a problem with him."
That wasn't true. I didn't have a problem with Jeff, per se. He was just a little strange. A strange stranger. "Jeff is...it's still a little tough for me having sex in front of another person. Especially someone I don't really know."
Carlos rolled onto his side to face me and propped his head up with his hand. "But we've done it before."
"But never over and over. We've never gone back to someone and been like, 'Hey, can we have sex in front of you again?' And then gone back a few days later and said, 'Hey, can we have sex in front of you again?' And then kept going back and doing it."
"Jeff isn't a stranger. You know him."
"No,youknow him. He'syourfriend. I barely know anything about him."
Carlos waved his hand in the air. "Ok. What do you want to know about him?"
"That's not what I mean. I--it's not like we ever hang out or anything. We don't have any shared interests. The only time I've ever seen him is when the two of you were hanging out."
Carlos sat upright and clapped his hands. "Then that's it."
"What's it?"
"You two should hang out."
"What does that even mean? Hang out where? I already told you we don't have anything in common."
Carlos swung his legs around on the couch to fully face me. "But how do you know you don't have anything in common. You're right. You two never talk unless I'm around. Why don't the two of you chill here for an evening? By yourselves."
I raised an eyebrow. "By ourselves? Chill doing what?"
"I don't mean chill likethat. Watch some TV. Watch a movie. Talk. Try to get to know each other so he won't seem like such a stranger."
What Carlos was proposing made only the tiniest bit of sense. But our Onlyfans was in jeopardy of collapse. And what could it hurt?
"Alright, fine," I said at last. "If he's willing to try it, I'm game."
Carlos whooped. "Of course he'll do it." He jumped to his feet and pulled out his phone and called Jeff.
He was right. Jeff was willing to do it. We arranged for Jeff to come over Saturday evening. Carlos was going to go to a movie and treat himself to some fast food since I wouldn't be around to 'food guilt' him about it.
Jeff came over that Saturday evening. Neither of the two of us said anything to each other beyond an initial greeting. His hands were tucked into his pockets, and his back had an arch to it like a small animal scurrying through underbrush to avoid predators.
"I'll be back around 11-ish. Have fun," Carlos said as he shut the door, leaving me and Jeff alone in the apartment.
Jeff waved at the closed door then turned back to me. "I was just...," he pointed his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the door.
"Him?" I said. "Oh, yeah. I'm sure he'll be fine."
"Yeah, he's a big boy."
"Yeah."
Awkward silence. So very awkward. I wanted to go throw myself off our balcony.
"Can I get you anything? Water? Soda? Something stronger? Dinner should be ready in about 10 minutes.
Jeff stroked the side of his face. "Sure, I'll take water."
I brought him some ice water and pointed to the living room. "Help yourself to the TV. We've got Netflix, Hulu...," I paused as a grin spread across Jeff's face. "Oh. Right. You already know. It's not like you've never been here before." God, I felt like such an idiot. I was nervous for no reason.
Jeff nodded and went to the living room and grabbed the remote while I pretended to be busy in the kitchen. There was nothing for me to do except wait for the oven timer, but I didn't want to sit over there with him. I was making a fool of myself and needed to regain my composure. The only way this whole thing was going to work was if I acted normal.
I was peeling the crust from a slice of bread when the timer went off.
"Dinner is ready," I said. "You can come in whenever you're ready."
Jeff turned off the TV and walked over. "Hmm, not your best work," he said, sniffing the air near the oven. Before I had a chance to be offended, his face broke into a wide smile.
"You, jerk." I walked over and gently shoved him in the back.
We settled down at the table to eat, something we'd done a bunch of times before. The familiarity of it seemed to remove some of the initial awkwardness that had been plaguing the evening, and we were able to actually have a conversation.
It turned out that we had a fair number of things in common. We'd both been primarily raised by single parents. We both loved movies. And like Carlos, we both loved video games.
I learned that he was one of the four guys on Carlos' Call of Duty Warzone team. I kicked him in the shin under the table when I learned that he had been behind the veto against me joining their team when one of their teammates stopped playing Call of Duty and a space on the team opened up.
"Oww! I didn't think you could actually play," Jeff said, laughing.
"Actually play?" My voice went up an octave. "Of course I can play. I'm better than both you and Carlos."
Jeff pointed his fork at me. "Ok, now that's nonsense."
I slid my chair back from the table. "We can go right now on the Rust map."
"I only play mouse and keyboard, and I left both at home. Sorry."
I tipped my head to the side and rolled my eyes. "Sounds like an excuse."
He shared other similarities with Carlos. Contrary to my previous opinion of him as a flaky weirdo, he was actually smooth, cool, and funny and had the ability to become super serious and deep in an instant. I also learned that he had actually been in the same unit as Carlos while they were in the military. I knew Jeff had served, but I always assumed he had been some kind of tech guy who fixed computers and radios while other people went off to fight.
The longer we talked, the more I started to see him as a different version of Carlos with lighter hair and skin.
We still had a couple hours left until Carlos would be back and decided to crash out with Netflix to pass the time. I took up a seat in my usual spot, and Jeff went to the other end where Carlos always sat.
"What are you, scared? You don't have to sit that far away," I said. "I don't bite."
Jeff held his index finger in the air. "That's a lie. You do bite. I have video proof of it."
I gasped in shock. "You asshole!" I grabbed one of the pillows from the couch and hurled it at him.
He snatched it out of the air and propped it behind his head. "Thanks, I appreciate it."
I smirked and rolled my eyes.
We got about 20 minutes into The Adam Project when I got a hankering for a snack. I went into the kitchen and made a bowl of movie theater butter popcorn and returned to the living room.
"None for me?" Jeff said.
I extended the bowl in his direction. "I'm willing to share."
Jeff got up and repositioned himself two cushions away. I sat the bowl down on the space between us. The earlier awkwardness returned when our hands bumped against each other in the bowl. We both snatched our hands out of the bowl as if we'd been burned by hot popcorn oil.
There was a moment of silence where neither of us said anything or reached for the bowl. Eventually, I made a slow play for it and grabbed a handful of popcorn. Jeff waited until I'd removed my hand before reaching in. We were able to keep up the pattern as we continued watching Ryan Reynolds' time travel exploits on the TV.
"What would you do if you could go back in time?" Jeff asked. "If you could go back to one single moment in time for five minutes, where would you go and what would you do?"
"I'd go back to 10 minutes ago and fix two bowls of popcorn, you greedy pig," I said without hesitation.
Jeff nodded silently with a frown. He reached over and picked up the bowl, and before I could react, he flipped it and sent the remaining popcorn over me like a rain shower. Popped kernels dropped down into my hair and onto my arms and legs.
He was childish just like Carlos.
I grabbed a handful that had fallen onto the couch and threw them at Jeff who batted them away with his hand like he was playing baseball.
"Now that we got that out of the way, what's your real answer?" Jeff said.
I swept my hands through my hair trying to make sure I got out all the popcorn while hoping he hadn't gotten butter in my hair. After I was satisfied that I'd gotten it all, I sat still and contemplated his question. It was difficult to think of a single moment that was worthier of correction than any other. I had a life full of regrets.
There were guys I'd dated that I wish I could go back and un-date. There were friendships that had ended that I wish I could go back to try to repair. There were people I'd wronged. People that had wronged me. If anything, what I could've used was some advice from a future version of myself.
"If I could go back in time, I'd go back to teenage me and tell her not to work so hard for other people's approval. I'd tell her to try her best to be a good person. The people who matter will accept you. The ones who won't accept you for who you are, don't matter."
Jeff stroked his chin and nodded slowly. "That's deep."
I smiled at his approval. "What about you?"
Jeff's eyes seemed to momentarily lose focus before returning. "I'd go back to 2018 and bet the farm on UMBC over Virginia in the NCAA tourney."
Typical guy. I was expecting something thoughtful. "So, just the money? That's all you'd do?"
"There's nothing more important than money. Without money, you can't get anything else. Food, clothing, shelter. Money makes the world go round."
I folded my arms. "What about love?"
Jeff's eyes lost focus for a moment again. He propped his foot up on his knee. "Love is an illusion."
What kind of crazy shit was he saying?
I opened my mouth to respond, but Jeff beat me to it. "No, sorry, I didn't mean for everyone. What you and Carlos have is real. I'll give you that. But the thing that most people call 'love' doesn't really exist. It's a passing infatuation that doesn't stand up against the test of time or against the struggles of life."
"You've never been in love?"
"I was infatuated once."
I didn't know how to respond.
"Well, that was a killjoy, huh?" Jeff said.
I forced a small smile.
"Sorry about that," he said. He snapped his fingers. "Ok, I've got a better one. If you were being tortured--"
"Tortured? That's a better one?" I said with laughter.
"Ok, it doesn't have to be torture. If someone was going to tickle you to death--"
"Death? Torture?"
Jeff threw up his hands. "Alright, alright. What's the most ticklish spot on your body?"
"See? That wasn't so hard." I gave it the briefest moment of thought and then pointed to my sides, just below my ribcage. "Right here on either side. It's the worst. Oh, and my neck is a close second depending on how it's touched."
"Ahh, you mean like if someone stroked it with a feather versus if someone stroked it with a ham sandwich?"
I let out a shriek of laughter. "A ham sandwich? Really?"
"I don't know." Jeff shrugged with a straight face. "You said it depends how it's touched."
"Yeah, but not like...," I shook my head. "Ok, what about you? What's your most ticklish spot?"
"That's easy. I'm not ticklish at all."
I arched my eyebrows. "No such thing. Everyone's at least a little ticklish."
"Not me. It's in my military records too."
"I call bullshit."
Jeff raised his left hand. "I swear it's true. For as long as I can remember, I've never been ticklish."
"When you make an oath, you raise your right hand."
"Oh, ok." Jeff lowered his left hand and raised his right hand and continued speaking. "I swear that I have never--"
When he switched hands, I lunged at him and reached for the sides of his torso, just below the ribcage.
"Hey! What are you--" Jeff laughed and leaned back while trying to scoot away, but he was too slow. I pressed my fingertips into the side of his body, drawing out more laughter and a more desperate attempt to get away. He used his hands to try to push himself up off the couch, but I was moving too quickly and knocked him ono his back as I clutched at him. He continued laughing and flailed at my hands as I zipped my fingers up and down his body like I was playing a grand piano.
"Stop, stop!" Jeff shouted between laughs and breaths while grabbing for my arms.
I'd gotten him. I gave him a few more jabs for good measure before I stopped. "You lying son of a bitch! You're more ticklish than I am."
"No, I'm not ticklish. And what I said was--"
I raised my fingers in the air like tiger claws.
Jeff put his hands up to block me. "Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. It's not a tickle response. It's different."
"Liar, liar, pants on fire." And with that, I went for him again, touching off a new round of laughter and struggling. Jeff managed to get control of my wrists and pulled my arms forward, trapping my arms against his side and my hands under his back. I struggled against him, but I didn't have a chance of matching his strength.
"Can I have my hands back now?" I asked.
"Are you going to stop trying to tickle me?"
I scrunched up my face. "Probably not. Not until you admit you're ticklish."
"Alright then..." Jeff turned his head to the side and resumed watching the movie, leaving my arms pinned.
I gave my arms one more tug and tried to free them before I gave up and fell down on top of him and turned my head to watch the movie too.
The fact wasn't lost on me about how closely our position resembled a hug. My head rose and fell on his chest with every breath he took. I could smell the leather-like scent of his aftershave. I could feel his body heat against my cheek. I could feel his heart beating against me. And it felt good. Warm. Not quite like being hugged by Carlos but a suitable runner-up.
It also wasn't lost on me that I was straddling his lap. I didn't think much of it until about ten minutes later when I felt him lift and then shift his hips beneath me.
"What's the matter? Am I too heavy for you?" I asked. "And think hard before you answer."
"No, you feel good--I mean, you feel fine. You're not heavy at all."
I smiled at the compliment and continued watching the movie.
About five minutes later, Jeff moved his hips again.
"If I let your hands go, do you promise to stop trying to tickle me?" Jeff asked.
"Trying? I was succeeding."
"Nope, not at all. I already told you--" While he was talking, I made another attempt to free my hands. "Ok, no, you can't be trusted."
"Not until you admit that you're ticklish," I responded. "Why is that so hard to do?"
"Agree to disagree." Jeff squeezed both of my arms with his.
Another five minutes later, I felt Jeff moving beneath me again. This time, I sensed something. Desperation.
I shifted my own hips on him, and when I did, he moved his again. And then I was seeking his body. A passion was building within me.
But not for this man. Not for this man whom I barely knew a few hours ago. Not for this man and his long, shaggy blonde hair. Not for this man who was my husband's friend.
Jeff loosened his grip on my arms. Still gripping my forearms, he brought my arms out to the side and then up toward our heads. And then he kissed my left wrist. And then the other.
I took in a quick, shaky breath, and then the living room melted away. The TV. The walls. The floor. The couch. All of it became like small pools of water suspended in air. The pools broke apart until they were just droplets. Then mist. Then nothing. I was lying on top of Jeff and floating through space.
Somewhere through the fog in my mind, I managed to turn and lift my head so that I was looking at him. His eyes were filled with pure, animal lust. He wanted to devour me.
"You are so beautiful, Aida," he said.
His words took the tension out of every muscle in my body and made me melt onto him, fully laying my body against him. My breasts pressed against his chest. I tightened my legs around his hips. And then I felt it. Between my legs. A hardness straining to be free.
I rolled my hips forward and shivered as I felt him pressed against me. I watched as Jeff's eyelids fell to half-mast. When I did it again, his eyes nearly closed, and his mouth fell open.
And then I did it.
I lowered my head toward his, my mouth aligned with his. Just inches away. I could feel the heat of his breath on my lips as I drew closer. Two inches. I closed my eyes and curled my toes.
Then you're left in the dust, unless I stuck by ya...
Music. From somewhere far away. Somewhere across the universe. Pulling me back. No. It was closer. Here. Now.
My ringtone!
My eyes flew open, and I sat upright.
You're the sunflower, I think your love would be too much....
Over there, on the kitchen table.
I braced my hands on Jeff's chest and pushed myself up and off of him. I darted across the room to my phone. I didn't have to look at the display to see who was calling. I'd set that ringtone for one person.
I took a breath and let it out before accepting the call. "Hi, honey," I said.
"Hey, babe. I'm heading back home. Did you want me to bring you anything?"
"No, no, I'm fine. Everything's fine here."
"Ok, just checking. Is Jeff still there?"
I spun around in place, nearly knocking over the chair next to me. Jeff was on his feet and running his hands through his hair.
"Yeah. We were just watching a movie. That's all. Nothing else."
"Ok, cool. I'll see you both soon. Love you."
"Love you too." I rubbed the phone across my forehead. What the fuck?
"Hey, uhh, Aida? I'd better get going. I've got some work I have to do for a client in the morning.
"Oh, ok. Sure. No problem." I sat the phone down and stepped away from it like it was a ticking time bomb.
"Thanks for dinner and the movie. Tell Carlos I'll catch up with him tomorrow." Jeff was practically running to the door. And before I could say anything, he pulled it open. He paused for a moment, and his body turned slightly toward me as if he was going to say something. But he didn't. He stepped through the doorway and pulled the door shut behind him.
***
We took the next few days off from filming. Jeff said he was working on a couple other projects and still had to finish editing our latest videos for the cooking channel. When he next showed up at our apartment, there was clear tension between us. Thankfully, Carlos was oblivious. But there was no mistaking it. Jeff went out of his way to avoid getting too close to me and stood on the other side of the apartment any time Carlos left us alone.
Jeff looked at me differently too. Or rather, didn't look at me. Even when addressing me, his eyes never quite met mine. It was like I was the sun and he was trying to avoid staring directly at me. The only time he ever looked directly at me was when it was through the lens of one of his cameras.
Conversely, I couldn't keep my eyes off him. But it wasn't in a lustful way. I wasn't attracted to him. I was consumed with the new way he was treating me. It pulled me in. The more he avoided me, the more I sought his attention. And it came out the most when Jeff was behind the camera.
Despite all the times Jeff had seen me naked, I was always a little camera-shy with him. I avoided looking at the camera. I turned my body whenever he aimed the camera between my legs. I tilted my head away any time Jeff pointed the camera at my face, especially if I was close to cumming.
But things were different now.
On our first evening of filming for Onlyfans after Jeff and I had spent our evening together, I found myself staring up into the camera from my knees while giving Carlos a slow, sensuous blowjob. I wasn't imagining sucking Jeff's dick, but I was hoping he was imagining me sucking it. When we moved to the bed and Carlos had me on all fours, Jeff had a stationary camera aimed at us from across the bedroom. He carried another camera around to the front. In times past, I would've mostly kept my face lowered to the bed and avoided making eye contact with the camera. But this time, I kept my head up, watching Jeff watching me get hammered. When Carlos slapped my ass, I flicked my tongue out at Jeff and the camera.
Carlos had me change positions after a short while. From his grunts and quicker strokes, I could tell he was getting close. He had me turn around and lie on my back. I swung my legs toward Jeff as I pivoted around on the bed and made a show of opening my legs toward him while smiling and looking right into the camera. As Carlos climbed on top of me and pushed back in, I turned my head to watch the camera Jeff was holding. Carlos wasted no time picking his speed back up and driving into me. I put my hands onto my jiggling breasts and squeezed them seductively while continuing to look at the camera.
It didn't take long before Carlos let out a deep groan and withdrew. Jeff moved around to Carlos' side as Carlos straddled my torso and started stroking his cock directly in front of my face. I moved my eyes from Carlos' wet cock to his sweaty face and then past his shoulder to Jeff and his camera. With my eyes locked on him, I opened my mouth wide and stuck out my tongue. Out the corner of my eye, I saw Carlos' hand become a blur.
The first spurt went across my lips and nose with some of it splashing across my tongue. I flinched and steeled my nerves as I struggled to keep my mouth open and my eyes focused on the camera. Carlos' next volley of cum smacked me in the chin and dripped onto my tits. The next was a large spurt that sprayed across my tongue as it went directly into my mouth to the back of my throat. It was too much.
I gagged and immediately rolled onto my side. I spit Carlos' cum onto the bed and went into a coughing fit as my body repelled the slimy liquid. It took several moments of controlled breathing before I was confident that I wasn't going to throw up. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and rolled back to my back. Carlos was still holding his cock and shook several more drops of cum out of it onto my stomach. Jeff moved from behind Carlos' shoulder and panned the camera from my stomach up and over my tits to my face.
With the camera aimed at me, I stuck out my tongue and slowly ran it over my lips, resisting the urge to gag again as I tasted the salty remnants of Carlos' cum. Jeff kept the camera focused on my face for several more seconds before turning it off and lowering it. When he did, he had a silly grin plastered across his face. His eyes traveled down my body and back to my face. He only held eye contact for a moment, but the look in his eyes was the same ravenous look he had in his eyes the night I dry-humped him on our couch.
***
Our next few Onlyfans film sessions unfolded similarly. Jeff tried to continue being professional while I eye-fucked him through the camera. Even our cooking videos seemed to take on a steamier tone. The three of us decided not to use one video where I, for reasons I can't explain, tried to deepthroat a plantain.
The feedback on Onlyfans was markedly more positive in the wake of our newest videos. The "you're a whore" messages continued, but the actual reviews were more constructive. Subscribers praised my camera presence and my ability to make viewers feel like they were in the room with me. They applauded the passion I displayed. And even though it was the same body I'd had since we started filming, there were endless comments raving about literally every part of my body from my toes to my hair. I couldn't help but get high off of reading them over and over, my body feeling warm and tingly with each one. I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt so beautiful.
Buoyed by our Onlyfans comeback, I barely spent any time reading the comments from my cooking channel. In fact, the only negativity I dealt with were my recurring interactions with Nancy who continued to turn her nose up at me every time I saw her in the hallway. She seemed to make a point of "bumping" into me every day after we filmed for Onlyfans. By that point, I was sure she was convinced that Carlos and Jeff were taking turns on me every time he came over.
The hell with her.
Most importantly, our Onlyfans subscriptions and income increased. We also saw an uptick in the number of people begging for exclusive content or propositioning us to meet up. Almost every single day we received a paid private message from a guy offering money to fuck me, a woman asking if I had any interest in going on a date, or another Onlyfans couple expressing interest in making a video together.
A little less than two months after our Onlyfans resurgence, we received a series of $500 tips every day from one of our subscribers. He was a longtime subscriber, one of our first. He'd never interacted with us much but tipped well when he did. Every day for a week straight, he sent us 5 messages over the course of the day and tipped us $100 each. None of the messages ever said anything more than "Love your content" or something similar. No crude comments. No requests. Nothing more. On day 8, that all changed with a new message:
I would love to see you do a threesome.
There it was. Finally. He was just like all the other male subscribers. No matter what, it always came around to sex. Sex with me.
We fired off one of the canned responses that we used whenever subscribers propositioned me. It expressed flattery to the subscriber in the hopes of them remaining a subscriber while also professing my loyalty to my 'boyfriend.'
He sent a reply a short while later:
You misunderstand. I don't want to have the threesome with you. I wish to watch you have a threesome with your boyfriend and your cameraman. I am willing to pay a sum of--
I spit the water I was drinking across the table. "Holy shit." With that kind of money alone we'd not only be able to get the house we wanted, we'd be able to pay off Carlos' college loans.
But a threesome? With Jeff. No fucking way.
I'd had threesomes and more before. I'd used sex as a weapon. I'd used it to get things I wanted. I'd been a welcoming partner. I'd been the worst of partners. I'd given a blowjob to one of my boyfriend's friends in the backseat of a car while my boyfriend was driving. I once fucked a married man in his and his wife's bed just because his wife had given me a dirty look when we met. I once went on a date with a guy and went back to his apartment and let him share me with his roommate after the two of them got into an argument about bringing girls back to the apartment. I let a professor eat my pussy to avoid getting a failing grade on a paper I had turned in late.
But that was all before I got married. Make no mistake, Carlos and I had indulged in our fair share of sexual adventures, but it was always within the confines of our marriage. I had no intention of changing that.
Carlos' reaction to the offer was about what I expected. Despite the wide eyes, hanging jaw, and overall appearance of mock outrage, I knew he was at least fantasizing about the idea.
By that evening, I knew Jeff would've had a chance to see the message as well. When he came over that evening to film our next cooking episode, he acted as if he knew nothing about it. If he wasn't going to mention it, neither was I.
We were about 20 minutes into getting set up to start filming when Carlos became the one who finally addressed the elephant in the room.
"That was a pretty crazy offer from that guy, huh?"
"Hmm?" Jeff was adjusting a light that was aimed at the stove. He kept his attention on it as if he hadn't heard Carlos clearly.
"Do you think it's real?" Carlos asked.
No one spoke. But it was on our minds. The subscriber was clearly worth a decent amount of money, but we couldn't be sure he'd actually fork over the kind of money he was offering.
"It obviously can't be real," I said, breaking the silence. "No one would pay that kind of money just towatchsomeone else have sex."
"But it could be real," Carlos countered.
"Ok, so what if it's real? Then what?" I said.
Carlos shifted uneasily. Jeff continued adjusting the light.
I said what they wouldn't. "It would mean that we have the opportunity to earn a large amount of money, but we'd have to have a threesome." I added a touch of vinegar to my tone as if to suggest the very idea of going through with it was beyond absurd.
Neither Carlos or Jeff responded. Carlos walked across the kitchen and got a glass of water while Jeff changed positions and walked over to adjust another light.
We moved on and filmed the cooking scene. It took longer than usual with multiple takes because I couldn't stay focused. I couldn't get Carlos' and Jeff's silence out of my head. Were they actually considering it? Was Carlos actually considering letting his friend fuck his wife? Was Jeff, the consummate professional, willing to cross that line?
No one brought it up again until Jeff was packing up his equipment. As he stowed the last of his tripods and zipped them into a large duffel bag, he stood up with his hands on his hips. "Maybe we could trick him," Jeff said.
"Trick who?" I said.
"The subscriber. He's willing to pay for a threesome between the three of us. But he hasn't put any rules or conditions on it. He specifically said in the message that it could be in any style or perspective we wanted." Jeff paused and then nodded his head. "I think we could make a video thatlookslike we're having a threesome."
Carlos, who had been sitting at the table eating the chili I'd cooked for the episode, stood up and walked over. "Really? You think that could work?"
Jeff nodded vigorously, sending his long blonde hair swinging. "Yeah, maybe. Think about it. How many sex scenes have you seen in movies? Dozens. And none of them were real. But with the right angles and some creative editing, they looked real."
Jeff's idea sounded plausible, but it gave me a sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach. "You want to scam one of our subscribers? I don't think that's right."
"Well, you said it yourself, we can't have a real threesome." Carlos said. "This is the next best thing. And if he doesn't know the difference, what harm is there?"
"But he's a subscriber. He trusts us." I turned to Jeff to back me up even though he was the one who'd made the suggestion in the first place.
"It's all a fantasy, really," Jeff said. "When you blow kisses at the camera, you're not really kissing the viewers. You're not kissing me. You'd never kiss them or me."
Except for the time I almost did.
"Think of it like this," Carlos said, "the subscriber is just gonna jack off to the video either way, right? If he sees Jeff on top of you thrusting his hips, it doesn't matter whether he's actually inside of you. If the subscriber thinks Jeff's fucking you, he's still gonna jack off to it."
But that still brought up another issue. "He's not going to think it's real sex unless Jeff is naked too, right?" I said.
Jeff folded his arms. "For that kind of money, I'd put my dick on the camera lens, heh." He let out a soft chuckle that sounded forced.
I wasn't thrilled with the idea of being naked with Jeff. But it wasn't like we would be having real sex.
I let out a long sigh and ran a hand through my hair. "Fine. Set it up."
***
Carlos and Jeff negotiated with the subscriber, and surprisingly, the subscriber was willing to pay in full prior to receiving the video. This made me feel even worse about the fact that we were tricking him.
Carlos and Jeff rented a post office box outside the city and arranged for the subscriber to send the money in cash in a plain package. The subscriber had originally wanted to do it by money order or cashier's check, but Jeff balked at both on the idea that the subscriber would be able to track down where they were cashed and could theoretically try to figure out our location and maybe our identities. With the post office box, we could remain anonymous. Even still, when Carlos and Jeff went to pick up the money, Carlos circled the lobby twice before going inside while Jeff kept lookout from across the street through binoculars and watched for anyone that might be staking out the box.
When the two of them brought the package back to the apartment, they were positively giddy. The way they were back-slapping each other, you'd have thought they'd just won the Super Bowl. When they opened it up and showed me, my eyes glazed over. I'd never seen that kind of cash all in one place before.
I ran my fingertips over the bills. "We should celebrate!"
Carlos rubbed his stomach. "I could go for Ruth's Chris."
"I'm down with sushi," Jeff said.
"I'm in the mood for Italian," I said.
Carlos stepped up to the box of money and pulled out a stack of bound bills. "Let's do all three."
And so, we did. We spent the evening eating and drinking almost to the point of being sick. Jeff ended up passing out on the couch. In the morning, Carlos and Jeff took the money to the bank to deposit. While they were gone, I went through a brief period of panic where I worried that the bills were counterfeit. Worse, I worried that when the bank detected them, they'd call the police and have Carlos and Jeff arrested on the spot. Then they'd have to explain that we got the money from one of our subscribers on Onlyfans, and then the police would insist on seeing our Onlyfans.
I let out a sigh of relief when Carlos and Jeff returned to the apartment with Carlos smiling and waving a deposit slip in the air above his head. He laid it on the kitchen table and stepped back like he'd just sat down the Holy Grail. I walked over and examined the slip. It was all in there. Well, two-thirds of it. Carlos had deposited our share into our joint account, and Jeff had deposited his into his own.
I smiled and rubbed my hands on the back of my pants. "So...I guess that's that."
Carlos nodded. "Yeah..."
Jeff cleared his throat and rubbed his knuckles against his chest.
No one wanted to say what came next. Now that we had the money, we had to fulfill our end of the deal. Or...we could say 'fuck it.'
Carlos and I now had more than the money we had set out to earn. We could keep the money, not do the video, and shut down our Onlyfans and the cooking channel. But the thought of doing that gave me an even sicker feeling in my stomach than when the three of us first discussed the idea of making a fake video.
"When do we want to do this?" I asked.
Carlos and Jeff looked at each other. Jeff pulled on his earlobe, looking uncomfortable.
"Tomorrow night?" Carlos suggested.
Jeff turned to me.
"That's fine by me," I said. The sooner the better. The longer we waited, the more likely it was that I'd get cold feet about the whole thing and start seriously entertaining the idea keeping the money and ghosting the subscriber.
Jeff nodded. "Tomorrow night it is, then."
***
Jeff returned the next evening with his usual load of equipment along with an additional small duffel bag. He hardly acknowledged me before heading to the bedroom to set up. While he was gone, Carlos pulled out the bottle of Don Julio tequila that we'd received as a wedding gift. We'd kept it stashed away, saving it for a "special occasion." I guess this was it.
Carlos brought out three small glasses and filled each about a third of the way. He handed one to Jeff when he came out of the room and handed another to me. He took his own and held it in the air in front of his body.
"I just want to say, thank you both. To the best wife a man could have, and to the best friend and business partner a man could have." Carlos raised his glass above his head and then took a sip. Jeff and I followed suit. Figuring I would probably need the liquid courage later, I finished off my drink, doing my best to ignore the burning as the tequila washed down my throat. Jeff must've had the same thought because he finished his off as well. Carlos was the only one with drink left over, but after seeing that the two of us had finished ours, he downed the rest of his.
Carlos sat his empty glass on the table and stepped close to me. He leaned in and gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek. "Ready?"
I nodded. "As ready as I'll ever be, I guess."
Carlos turned to Jeff. "So, what do we do? I've never had fake sex before."
Jeff shook his head. "No, the sex between you and Aida will be real. It's just everything between me and her that'll be simulated."
Carlos stroked his chin. "Everything? Well...I mean...you'll have to touch her right? We're not gonna be able to get away with making a video where you don't even touch her."
Jeff and I exchanged glances.
"I'll only touch her to the extent she's comfortable with it," Jeff said. Then he turned to me. "Just let me know if there's ever a point when you're not comfortable. Even though we're sending this video directly to the subscriber, I'll still edit it. I have to edit it to make sure it looks like we're all doing this together, and I'll also edit the sound to cut out anything we say that we don't want in the video."
I nodded.
"Shall we?" Carlos extended his arm toward the bedroom door.
I led the way, followed by Carlos, with Jeff bringing up the rear. When we entered the room, Carlos wrapped his arms around me from behind and kissed the back of my head. "I love you," he whispered through my hair.
"I love you too." I ran my hands over his forearms.
Jeff entered the room and went to one of three cameras he had set up and adjusted it. I was a little surprised to see the additional one. We'd always only ever used two, even for the cooking videos.
I chuckled "Are you sure you have enough cameras?"
"You can never have enough cameras," Jeff responded.
Then he walked to side of the bed and picked up the small duffel bag I'd seen him carrying earlier and pulled out a smaller handheld camera. As Jeff trained it on us, Carlos wasted no time in shifting his hands from around my waist to cup my breasts while nuzzling my neck through my hair. I closed my eyes and tilted my head to the side to give him easier access. I could already feel him hard through his pants and ground my ass against him. Carlos slipped his hands beneath my blouse and grabbed my breasts through my bra, massaging them.
When I opened my eyes, Jeff had drawn closer and had the camera aimed at my chest. I was struck by a moment of camera-shyness and twisted in Carlos' arms so that I was facing him and facing away from the camera. Carlos responded by removing his hands from inside my shirt and reached for the bottom button on my blouse and undid it. As he worked his way up, he motioned toward Jeff.
And then I felt it.
Jeff stepped up behind me, his body against mine. I shivered when he put one of his hands on my hips. His hand was trembling. I couldn't tell whether it was nervousness because he didn't know how I would respond to him touching me or nervousness about whether it was ok with Carlos. Carlos either didn't notice or didn't care. Instead, he pulled down the cups of my bra. Jeff brought the camera he was holding around to the front of my body and aimed it at my chest. When he did, Carlos sank his mouth over my right nipple.
In an instant, I forgot about Jeff. I put my hands on the back of Carlos' head and pulled him tighter to my chest, relishing in the feel of his tongue as it circled my nipple. Carlos hummed quietly as he raked his warm tongue over it.
I was reminded of Jeff's presence when I felt him step closer and press himself against my ass. He was tentative at first as if he was testing my reaction. When I didn't protest, he pressed tighter against me. He was rock hard. And when I felt him, I was mentally transported back to the night I was straddling him on the couch.
I started swaying my ass against him, slowly at first to avoid arousing Carlos' attention, but he was busy burying his face in my tits. I bent slightly and rocked back against Jeff. When I did, I felt him tighten his grip on my hip. I smiled when I realized his hand was no longer trembling.
After another minute of slathering my tits with his tongue, Carlos reached for my sleeves and started pulling off my blouse. "Jeff, get her bra strap."
Jeff's hand continued to linger on my hip before he tossed the camera he was holding onto the bed. He moved his hands to my lower back and then up to bra strap. His fingers poked and prodded at the clasp for several moments. I started to wonder if he'd ever get it done when I felt it unhook. Carlos grabbed the front of my bra, and I moved my arms and allowed him to pull it off me. He dropped it on the floor and then seized my breasts in his hands, massaging them. I smiled at him as he ran his thumbs over my nipples.
Carlos had a smirk on his face and narrowed his eyes suddenly. It was a look of mischief, one I'd learned to recognize a long time ago.
He released one of my breasts and reached for my hips where Jeff's hands had resettled since unhooking my bra. I looked down and held my breath as I watched Carlos grab Jeff's wrist. At first, it looked like Jeff tried to pull away but then relented as Carlos pulled his hand to the front of my body. I bit my lower lip as I watched their joined hands rise higher. Higher. Until Carlos put Jeff's hand on my left breast.
I tried to suppress the moan in my throat, but it spilled out. Loudly.
"I think she likes it," Carlos said.
I threw my head back and shut my eyes as my husband and his friend groped my breasts like a couple of horny teenagers. Time slipped away. Nothing else mattered except for the two men who had me sandwiched between them.
I let out a loud screech when I felt a mouth on the side of my neck. Jeff's mouth. He sucked my skin between his lips and ran his tongue along it like he was tasting me.
He was getting bolder.
I reached up and behind me to grab the side of his head, pulling it tighter.
The air in the room was getting thin. I was getting lightheaded. Maybe it was the alcohol. Either way, my legs were weak.
Carlos was the first to sense it and let go of my breast. Jeff followed suit, reluctantly. Carlos guided me on my unsteady legs to the bed and gently shoved me backwards. The push was enough to send me flying back onto the bed, causing my feet to kick up into the air before falling back to the floor. Carlos immediately laid down next to me and put his mouth over my nipple. I grabbed his head and hugged him against me. He didn't suck on it long, and I was disappointed when he pulled his head free from my grasp.
He waved Jeff over. "Hey, come get a taste of these."
I bit the inside of my cheek. It was one thing for Jeff to fondle me. This seemed a bit too much.
Jeff didn't hesitate though, and practically ran across the room and dove onto the bed. Before I had time to voice my reluctance, his mouth was on me. Carlos quickly joined him on the other side.
"Oh, my God...," I moaned. Any apprehension I had in my mind was quickly melted away by the heat of the two mouths sucking my tits. Jeff was ravenous as if he'd never sucked one before. I grabbed the back of their heads and pulled them tight against me, savoring the feeling. Two heads were truly better than one.
As they continued sucking, Carlos worked his hand onto button of my pink crop pants. I didn't resist as he unbuttoned them and worked his hand inside and onto my panty-covered pussy. He gently massaged the damp satin material into my soaking lips. I rotated my hips against him, wanting him to go past my panties. He didn't disappoint.
With a quick flick of the wrist, Carlos worked my panties to the side and traced his fingers along my lips. I let out a high-pitched whine as he put two fingers at the edge of my clit, never quite touching it.
While Carlos touched me, I worked my hand between us and found the front of his jeans. Despite the ecstasy I was experiencing, I was able to steady my hands and get them undone. I reached into his boxers and grabbed his hot cock. I felt him moan against my chest as I worked the skin slowly back and forth. He only let me enjoy it for about a minute before he sat up and moved his hips away. I licked my lips, watching as he slid off his jeans and boxers. When they were off, he moved up to my head and laid his cock across my lips while smiling down at me. I obliged and opened my mouth, letting him feed his cock into my mouth. He kept going until the tip reached the back of my throat. I relaxed my throat while staring Carlos in the eyes. I raised my eyebrows at him as if to say,'Do your worst.'
Carlos pressed further into my throat until he bottomed out and then held himself there. I hadn't had a chance to take a good breath before he put it in and yanked my head back while coughing as my body struggled to take in air.
Jeff pulled his mouth off my nipple. "Are you ok?" He sounded so concerned. It was sweet.
"She's fine," Carlos said. "Why don't you help her get those pants off."
I turned my head and watched Jeff move to the other end of the bed. He straddled my outstretched legs and reached for the waist of my pants and panties. We made brief eye contact, and Jeff raised his eyebrows as if to ask if it was ok. I smiled and nodded. Without wasting another moment, he started sliding them down. I lifted my ass off the bed to allow him to lower them. His eyes locked onto my pussy as my pants and panties slid down my thighs. He'd seen it before, but I don't think he'd ever been so close. He was practically salivating.
"Go on," Carlos said, "have a lick."
My legs clamped shut, seemingly with a mind of their own. Letting Jeff suck my tits was one thing, but I wasn't about to let him eat my pussy.
Carlos ran a hand over my hair. "It's alright, babe. Let him just have a quick taste so he can see how delicious you are. I keep trying to tell him, but I don't think he believes me."
I cringed at the thought that not only did Jeff come to our apartment and film us having sex, the two of them apparently discussed it afterwards too.
"No, it's fine," Jeff said, moving back toward us on the bed. "Why don't we switch places? You go down there, and me and Aida can do a simulated blowjob for the subscriber."
That sounded like a much better plan to me. Carlos nodded and moved down the bed. Jeff leaned onto his elbow and watched as Carlos spread my legs and laid down on his stomach between them and began kissing my inner thighs.
I patted Jeff's thigh. "Are you going to take these off?"
Jeff considered it for a moment. "Yeah, I guess I should, huh?" He unbuckled his belt and undid his pants. He hesitated for a moment but then continued taking them off, revealing a pair of gray boxer briefs. They did little to conceal the bulge contained within. Jeff pulled his shirt up and over his head next, revealing a nicely sculpted chest and abs. He didn't have quite the physique that Carlos did, but it was nice eye candy. One never would've guessed he had such a nice body given his slim frame.
Next, Jeff hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his boxer briefs. Once again, he hesitated but then slowly began sliding them down. I watched with anticipation as dark blonde pubic hair came into view followed by the base of Jeff's cock. And then he stopped again. When I looked up, he was looking at me with an expression like he wasn't sure if he should continue. I couldn't tell if it was for my benefit or if it was because he was embarrassed. It was a hell of a thing for him to be embarrassed considering I was already completely naked.
I reached out and put a hand on his stomach which made him flinch. I gently caressed it with my fingernails, hoping to reassure him.
After another moment of weighing it in his mind, he continued. I looked on in wonder as his cock came fully into view. The first thing I noticed was that he was smaller than Carlos. Not absurdly so, but he was noticeably thinner and shorter.
Jeff slid his boxer briefs off his legs and over his feet then turned back to me.
"This is all new to me," I said. "How do we do this? Do I just lean over or..."
"Yeah, hold on, let me move up." Jeff moved higher on the bed and turned his hips so that his cock was pointed at me. He was just inches away. Now, I was the one salivating. "Ok, now just lean your head over so your hair falls off to the side. That'll block all three cameras from seeing exactly what you're doing."
I did as Jeff suggested, letting my hair form a curtain between his cock and the camera to our side and the one out in front of us. I assumed my head would block the one that was off to an angle behind us.
"Now what?" I asked. His cock bobbed in the air as my breath washed over it.
Jeff let out a nervous chuckle. "Now, you act like you're sucking it."
I blinked several times and then started moving my head back and forth as if I was sucking him. It felt so weird. I'd get close to it and then back away. Close. Back away. Never quite making contact with it. There was no way anyone watching this would think I was really blowing him.
"Are you sure this will be believable?" I asked.
Jeff shrugged. "We'll have to see how it looks afterwards. We can try a different position if you want."
"Ok, sure, let's try. How do you want--aiyeee!" I shrieked as Carlos ran his tongue up the cleft of my pussy lips and flicked my clit. Jeff turned and looked at what Carlos was doing. A look of envy passed across his face.
"How about if I straddle your torso?" Jeff pointed at the camera past the foot of the bed. "My body will block that camera, and your head will block the one at that end, but the one over there will be able to show you aren't really sucking me. I'll be able to edit the footage either way."
"Sure...yeah...that's fine." My voice was breathy. Carlos was starting to really go to work on me.
Through half-closed eyes, I watched as Jeff lifted his knee and put it on the other side of my body. His cock was once again inches from my face. Once he had steadied himself, he began doing slow thrusts toward my head. I took that as my cue that I was supposed to start pretending to blow him again.
I pulled a pillow down and propped it under my head and then began lifting and lowering my head, moving it in time with Jeff's thrusts. Jeff starting groaning, trying to keep up the act. He actually sounded convincing. If I didn't know better, I would've thought he was getting blown.
A short while later, I was surprised to find that my hands were on the back of Jeff's thighs, caressing them. But more than that, I was gently pulling him forward. I couldn't take my eyes off his cock. It didn't help that it was taking up most of my field of vision. It stuck straight out from his body like a plank of wood. I had no doubt that we were putting on a good show for the camera behind him.
This was crazy.
A few short weeks ago, we'd briefly dry-humped each other and almost kissed, and now I was breathing on his bare cock which was inches from my mouth. And there was absolutely no harm in what we were doing. Carlos was ok with it. Jeff was obviously ok with it. And I was...mostly ok with it.
So why did I feel so weird about it?
There was a part of me that still felt a little weird about doing this with one of Carlos' friends. We almost couldn't be in a more intimate and compromising position. And all for what? Money? Money that we technically didn't need. We were just greedy. Greedy degenerates like Nancy thought we were. She was probably on the other side of the wall with her ear pressed against the wall.
On one of Jeff's thrusts, I puckered my lips and made a loud kissing sound as I kissed the air between his cock and my face."What do you think of that, Nancy?"I puckered my lips and kissed the air again.
Stupid bitch. Why was it impossible for her to mind her damn business? Despite what she thought she knew, the three of us hadn't been having wild threesomes in the apartment. But so what if we were? Did that harm her in any way? So what if Carlos wanted to share me with his friend. Did that make him a bad husband? No. And if I agreed to it, would that make me a bad wife? No.
Even right now, if I were to flick my tongue out and graze the tip of Jeff's cock with it, would that mean anything? No.
Mind your fucking business, Nancy!
And then I did it. It was only for a moment. But it was enough.
On one of Jeff's forward thrusts, I extended my tongue toward him as I brought my head forward. He wasn't expecting it, and when my tongue touched the tip, you would've thought his dick had touched a hot stove.
"Ahh, shit!" Jeff reared back away from my face and grabbed the base of his cock.
Carlos lifted his head. "You ok up there, buddy?"
Jeff turned his head to look over his shoulder. "Yeah, I'm good. Just got a cramp. I'm fine now, though."
Apparently satisfied with the response, Carlos buried his face back in my pussy, much to my delight.
Jeff turned back around and looked at me with wide eyes. I shrugged my shoulders and tried to make an innocent face. Jeff took another look over his shoulder and then turned back to me with a huge smile on his face. I motioned him back toward me with my index finger. Smiling and shaking his head, he shifted his knees further up my body. Now, I hardly had to move to be able to reach him.
I lifted my head toward him and stuck out my tongue again, this time catching the underside of his head as he moved his hips forward. Jeff let out a low groan and his cock twitched in the air. The smile melted from his face and was replaced with a look of wonderment as if he couldn't believe how he'd ended up in this position. I bobbed my head forward again and licked the underside of the head again. And again. Each time I went further until I was licking the entire underside of his shaft on each pass.
My judgment was clouded. The tequila was definitely to blame. Or mostly to blame. Or at least partly to blame.
I knew I probably shouldn't be doing it, but I wasn't thinking clearly. It's hard to maintain rational thoughts when someone's licking your pussy. Carlos was absolutely devouring me. His tongue raced up one of my pussy lips and down the other side. Across them. Between them. He used his tongue like a tiny, wet, spongy cock and fucked them.
Cock. That's exactly what I needed. Right now.
I put my hands on the back of Jeff's thighs again. On his next forward thrust, I lifted my head forward as much as I could and opened my mouth, pulling him forward. I don't know if Jeff couldn't stop in time or didn't want to stop. The head of his cock passed by my lips and into my mouth. When I closed my mouth around him, he froze in place. We both did.
I had Jeff's cock in my mouth. I had my husband's friend's cock in my mouth.
What was wrong with me? Did I have no decency? No shame? Maybe Nancy was right. I was everything she insinuated I was.
But what did she know? That busybody probably hadn't sucked cock since Ronald Reagan was president. I refused to end up like her. Bitter and spiteful and hateful. I was going to live. I only had one life. I was going to get everything out of it I could.
I moved my head back slightly and then forward. Back and forward.
I was sucking Jeff's cock. And I was loving it. And so was he by the sound of it. When I looked up, his head was thrown back with his face toward the ceiling. He was still rocking back and forth, feeding me his cock.
Even just five minutes ago, I never would've thought I'd be in this position. And yet, here I was, about to cum on my husband's face while his friend fucked my face.
Yes. I was about to cum.
I was lifting my hips off the bed, pressing my pussy against Carlos' face while moaning around Jeff's cock. Jeff had laced one of his hands into my hair and was gently pulling my head forward to meet his thrusts. He could've shoved his cock down my throat for all I cared.
My clit was buzzing. All that mattered was reaching the orgasm that was racing from my curled toes up through my body. And then it hit.
I jerked my head back and arched my back. Jeff's cock slid out of my mouth with a pop. "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Fuck!" I shouted as Carlos brushed my pussy with his tongue, refusing to let up. Wave after wave tore through my body like I was adrift at sea in a tiny rowboat in the middle of a hurricane.
Behind my eyelids, everything was bright as if there was a flashlight shining in my face. I could barely breathe. I couldn't move. I was frozen in place and at Carlos' mercy.
After what felt like five minutes, the light behind my eyes started to dim, and my breathing returned, but it was heavy and labored like I'd just sprinted a half mile.
"Hey, let's roll her over," Carlos said.
I felt Jeff move his leg and roll away from me. Hopefully, Carlos wouldn't notice Jeff's cock was wet.
Carlos gently grabbed my arm. "Come on, babe, get up on your knees. Face toward the camera."
It took every ounce of strength I had left to do what he asked. I got up onto my knees and moved toward the end of the bed and bent over with my ass in the air toward Carlos. Carlos gave my ass a quick, solid smack that sounded like the crack of a whip. He gripped one of my ass cheeks, and then I felt him sliding into my pussy. I sank down onto my elbows as he bottomed out, withdrew, and pushed back in. He wasted no time in building into a rhythm.
It was like he was drunk on the lust of the room. Or maybe it was just the buzz from the tequila. Either way, he was ramming into me like he'd never have sex again and was pulling back on my hips with each stroke to make me take every one.
I felt movement on the bed. I opened my eyes and turned my head to the side to see Jeff slide off the end of the bed and walk around to stand in front of me.
"We can pretend we're spit roasting her," Jeff said. "It'll look great on camera."
"Yeah, let's do it," Carlos responded, breathlessly.
Jeff stepped closer to me. I didn't know if Jeff intended to have me resume giving him a blowjob or not. My head would be blocking his cock from Carlos' view, but it was incredibly dangerous to do it with him looking right at us.
Jeff grabbed the base of his cock and wagged it at me. Apparently, he was willing to take the risk.
I stuck out my tongue and passed it over the head of his cock.
Jeff moaned. "Ahh...yeah..."
I pulled my tongue back into my mouth and closed it. That was all he was getting. We'd already taken a big enough of a gamble as it was.
But then I felt Carlos grab a handful of my hair.
"Yeah, suck it just like that." He began pulling and pushing my head back and forth like he was working my mouth up and down Jeff's cock.
Jeff took his hand off his cock and put both hands on my shoulders and began thrusting toward my face like he'd been doing before.
"Keep going," Carlos said. His voice was low and throaty. "You're such a good little cocksucker." He kept a tight grip on my hair as his hips continued to crash against me.
Jeff kept up his moaning act. And he kept drawing closer to my face until the tip was tapping against my closed lips. "Mmm...that feels so good," he said.
"You like that too, babe? You like sucking his cock?" Carlos said.
"Mmmhmm," I responded, keeping up the act.
"How is that, dude?" Carlos asked Jeff.
"Fucking fantastic," Jeff responded.
Carlos took his hand off my hip just long enough to high five Jeff above my head.
"I told you she could suck a good cock," Carlos said.
"Ohh...fuck, you weren't lying."
There it was again. We were married! How could Carlos brag to Jeff about me like I was an award-winning showdog? Did they do anything when they were together other than talk about me?
Instead of returning his hand to my shoulder, Jeff reached underneath me and grabbed one of my swinging breasts. Even though his cock was in my face, I was taken aback by his boldness. Just a little while ago, he'd been afraid to even be naked in front of me.
Carlos tightened his grip on my hair. "Don't stop, slut, keep sucking him."
Something about the way he was speaking to me and the tone of his voice was like nails on a chalkboard.
"Damn...she's really good," Jeff said.
"I told you man, Grade A cocksucker."
I'm your whore? I'm your good little cocksucker? Fine! I'll be your fucking cocksucker.
The next time Carlos pushed my head down, I opened my mouth. Jeff rolled his hips forward, and his cock slipped into my mouth. His body froze in place, and it looked like he was trying to will himself to move back, but it didn't matter. Carlos pulled my head back by my hair and unknowingly pushed my mouth back down Jeff's cock. I looked up and met Jeff's eyes. He glanced at Carlos and then back at me. It was apparent that he wanted to stop, but he couldn't pull himself away. Instead, he stood there while Carlos fucked my mouth up and down his cock.
I did my best to keep the sounds of my "forced" blowjob from getting too loud. But part of me wanted Carlos to hear it. Part of me wanted him to stop fucking me and lean around to the side so he'd see his bride's lips halfway down Jeff's shaft. I was certain that he was getting off on merely the fantasy of sharing me with Jeff. The reality of it might be more than he could bear, but it would serve him right.
A pool of saliva was building up in the corner of my mouth. Rather than letting it spread along Jeff's cock, I opened my mouth wider. I looked down and watched as it spilled out of my mouth onto the bedcovers which had been pushed to the end of the bed.
Carlos slapped my ass twice with his free hand. "You're gonna make me cum. Are you ready for it?"
"Yeah, give it to me," is what I tried to say, but with my mouth full of cock, it was garbled and I doubted Carlos understood it. He didn't seem to care. He released my hair, giving my sore scalp a much-needed break, and used both hands to pull me backwards as he drove into me.
With my head free, I was no longer beingforcedto blow Jeff. But I still didn't stop. Instead, I resumed bobbing my head, using my tongue to push the head of his cock into the inside of my cheek. His hands moved up to my head and replaced Carlos'. Thankfully, he was much more gentle and didn't pull my hair.
"Unnngghh...yeah, fuck her mouth," Carlos told Jeff.
Unbeknownst to Carlos, that's exactly what Jeff did. As he guided my head up and down, he began slowly working himself back and forth in my mouth, countering my movements.
Carlos was close.
Pop! Pop! Pop!
The sound of his hips smacking against my ass cheeks carried across the room. He was almost knocking me off balance with the speed and power of his strokes.
"Shit! Shit! Oh, fuck!" Carlos shouted as he withdrew from my pussy. "Here! Quick, turn around!"
Jeff released my head and pulled his cock out of my mouth. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and then whipped around on my knees to face Carlos who was kneeling on the bed holding his cock with a pained expression.
"Come here, take it!" Carlos reached toward me.
I did as he wanted and lowered myself so that my face was level with his cock. Before I could get all the way to it, he let loose with a stream of cum that splattered over my forehead and into my hair.
Damnit! He knew how much I hated that. The one thing I hated almost as much as cum in my mouth was cum in my hair. It was such a pain to get out.
Carlos began rapidly stroking himself and shot several more volleys across my face, mostly over my nose and cheeks as I turned my head back and forth. When he was done, he brushed his cockhead against my lips. I grimaced at the feel of cum on the tip as he spread it over my lips.
Carlos let out a deep sigh. "Oh...fuck. Oh my gosh." He took several deep breaths, and I heard him shift on the bed. I felt a cloth material brush across my face and assumed he'd gathered up a handful of the bedsheets and was using them to wipe his cum off my face and try to wipe it out of my hair. I'd have to do a deep shampoo later.
When he finished, I opened my eyes to see him grinning, his face red and sweaty.
"Thanks for cleaning that off," I said and blew him a kiss.
Carlos kissed back at me then looked at Jeff. "Ok, what's next?"
"Uhh...I guess...I guess we're done then?" Jeff said. It sounded like more of a question than a statement.
"Is that gonna be believable though?" Carlos asked. "If we were having a real threesome, wouldn't they expect you to fuck Aida too?"
"Well...possibly. Probably. Maybe." Jeff said.
"Ok, let's set it up. How should we position her?" Carlos asked.
I could feel my blood heating up again. Here they were talking about me like I was a piece of furniture.
Jeff was quiet for a moment. I sat down on the bed and turned to face him. He was stroking his chin and staring down at the bed. "Any position could theoretically work. All we have to do is position ourselves so that they can't tell from the video that we aren't actually having sex." Jeff raised his eyes to me. "What would be most comfortable for you?"
I'd never thought about the best position for having fake sex. "I don't know. You getting on top of me would probably be the simplest. Would that work for the video?"
Jeff nodded. "Yeah, it would. If we lie in the middle of the bed, I think it would look real on the camera back there and the side camera. We might have to do some editing to the footage from the one over there." Jeff paused and scratched the back of his neck. "It's just that...well...if I'm on top of you...what do we do about..." His eyes drifted down to my pussy, but he quickly averted them.
"Do about what?" Carlos asked, clearly not following what Jeff was asking.
"Jeff's saying that if he's on top of me, we'll be a little...close...down there." I pointed at my pussy.
Carlos' eyebrows shot up. "Oh, that. Hmm..."
The room was quiet for several moments.
"Well, we're all adults here, right?" Carlos said. "How long would you two have to do it for it to be believable?" he asked Jeff.
"No more than a couple minutes, I would think," Jeff said quickly. "Maybe even just a minute would do."
"Works for me," Carlos said. "I'm gonna go grab a shower. Why don't you two go ahead and knock that out, and then we can get some dinner." He sounded so casual about it like he was telling the two of us to finish hanging a painting.
Before either of us could respond, Carlos stepped off the side of the bed and started gathering up his discarded clothes. He tossed them into the clothes hamper and then disappeared into the bathroom. I turned to look at Jeff whose eyes were still focused on the closed bathroom door.
I waved a hand in front of his face. "Should we get started?"
"Huh? Oh, yeah...sure."
"So, should I just lie back like this?" I slid back on my elbows and spread my knees apart. Jeff's eyes immediately dropped to my pussy.
He hesitated for a moment and looked as if he was trying to decide whether to move toward me or toward the bedroom door to leave. The lust within him won out because he moved forward and knelt onto the end of the bed. His cock hadn't lost any of its hardness and stuck out in front of him like an arrow showing him the way to me. He glanced toward the bathroom while continuing to move toward me until he was kneeling between my spread legs.
"Alright...so I'll have to umm...I'll have to be on top of you for it to work."
"Ok, that's fine," I said.
"And I'll have to...it'll...we might touch a little."
A jolt of electricity went through my body. Up until that point, I hadn't really considered the mechanics of what we'd be doing. In my mind, I had pictured Jeff bracing himself above me with his hips between my legs while he humped the air. I hadn't contemplated that his cock would actually touch me. Even though I'd just had it in my mouth twice, having it touch anywhere near my pussy seemed like a bridge too far. We'd already gone too far as it was.
"Are you sure we have to do it that way?" I asked.
Jeff shook his head and waved his arms. "No, no not at all. If you raised your legs we--well, we don't really have to do this at all. If you're feeling uncomfortable...I'm sure we have some good footage already from you and Carlos. And we have the shots from me standing on the other side of you two."
"Standing on the other side getting my dick sucked by you,"he didn't add. I wondered how much the side camera had picked up of that. I wasn't sure I wanted to know. In any event, if we were going to finish this, we might as well get on with it. We'd come this far, it was time to finish it.
"No, you and Carlos were right," I said. "The subscriber might be suspicious if they don't see us have sex--I mean, if they don't see what they think is the two of us having sex." My cheeks started burning with embarrassment. "Umm...so, anyway, what were you saying about my legs before?"
Jeff bit his upper lip. "Well, I was just saying that if you were uncomfortable about me lying on top of you, we could alter the position slightly. Instead of being on top, we could have you raise your legs, and I could put my...I could put it between your thighs. On camera, it'll look like I'm entering you."
I tried to picture it in my mind but couldn't get a clear image of what he was describing. "I'll have to take your word for it." I shrugged. "Ok, let's go for it." I lifted my legs in the air around Jeff, feeling self-conscious as I did it.
"No, put them together like this." Jeff grabbed the back of my legs just above my ankles and pulled them together. He pushed my legs back further so that my feet were pointed to the ceiling.
Now I understood what Jeff meant. I vividly remembered Carlos had fucked me in this exact position a few weeks ago on one of our videos. We had to shift positions when I ended up with a cramp in the back of my thigh.
Jeff inched his way closer to me on his knees until he was right next to my legs. I peered around and watched as he positioned my legs over his left shoulder. He grabbed his cock with his right hand and leaned toward my legs.
I grabbed a handful of the fitted sheet with both hands and braced myself. Even though Jeff had said he'd put it between my thighs, his angle was bringing him dangerously close to my pussy.
I took in a shallow breath and held it as Jeff's cock brushed against the back of my thighs. I tensed my body as it pressed between my legs, just inches from my pussy. His cock was still hot and slid along my skin with ease. He kept moving it forward until his hips were against my thighs.
Jeff let out a deep breath. "There we go. Now, I can just move back and forth right here and it'll look real on the cameras."
I nodded but remained silent, doing my best to try to watch what he was doing. He rolled his hips back and then slid forward again. Once he seemed to get the movement right, he picked up a little speed.
When I looked up at him, his brow was furrowed and his eyes were focused down below as if it was taking all his concentration to pretend to fuck me. I wasn't able to fully stifle the giggle that came out.
"What? What's wrong?" Jeff said.
"I'm sorry. It's nothing."
"Are you sure you're comfortable in this position?"
"Yes, it's fine. It's just that you look so engrossed in your work." I giggled again.
"I'm just trying not to touch your...to touch you."
"My pussy? Can you not say pussy?" I asked with a smirk.
"Yes, I can say it."
"Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Come on, say it."
Jeff laughed. "You're so silly."
"Say it," I whispered.
"Pussy. There. Happy?"
"Do you like my pussy?"
"Well...I've never..."
"Never what? Never fucked my pussy?"
Jeff broke eye contact. "No."
"No what?"
"No, I've never fucked...your pussy."
While staring him in the eye, I lifted my left leg from his shoulder, moved it up and over his head, and placed it on the opposite shoulder. My arm snaked its way down the front of my body, and I put my hand on top of his cock and pushed it toward my pussy.
Jeff broke eye contact and looked down at what I was doing. "Uhh..."
But he didn't move. So, I kept pushing. Lower. Lower.
Jeff's body shivered and his mouth fell open as his head made contact with my soaking pussy lips. I stopped there and let him savor my warmth.
"Now, you don't have to trade stories with Carlos and imagine what it feels like anymore," I said.
Jeff nodded but didn't respond. He was fully focused on his cock laying across my pussy. His breathing was shallow and fast.
It was my turn to shiver when I felt him move. It was only a little, but my wet surface allowed him to glide like he was on ice. And then he did it again. I looked down and watched as he moved his hips forward, slowly, millimeter by millimeter, and slide his cock across my pussy beneath my fingertips which were still resting on top of his shaft. He kept going until his balls were resting against my pussy.
Neither of us moved. Neither of us spoke. The only sound in the room was our joined heavy breathing.
And then he started sliding it backwards. I moaned and moved my hand from his cock to his stomach. I had intended to push him away, but I couldn't find the strength to do it. So, instead, I watched and trembled as he slid his cock all the way back down across my pussy until the tip was at my entrance. He paused there for a moment and then slid back up my pussy, somewhat quicker this time. We both watched as my pussy lips spread for him as his cock drifted across them and then back down. Before long, we were in full dry-hump, or rather,wet-hump, mode.
The feel of his shaft slipping over me was setting off a minor earthquake in my stomach each time he went up and came back down. And then back up. And back down. The wet sound of him essentially surfing across my pussy was louder than our breathing and was starting to fill the room.
On one of Jeff's upward strokes, the tip of his cock caught the edge of my entrance just below my clit. We both froze, our eyes on Jeff's twitching cock. Jeff pulled back and then pushed forward, his cock once again catching the edge of my entrance and making me flinch. Jeff moved back and then started forward again. As his head approached, he lowered his hips, changing the angle of his cock. This time, the tip settled between my pussy lips. They spread around his head as he continued to push forward. I held my breath and kept watching as Jeff continued to sink into me. He got about halfway in before he stopped.
I continued holding my breath as I watched and waited. I knew I should do something besides lie there, but I couldn't get my body to move. Jeff was apparently having second thoughts too as he held himself halfway inside me. But those second thoughts didn't last long.
Jeff resumed pushing forward and continued until he bottomed out and pushed the air out of my lungs.
"Ohhh...fuck...," Jeff groaned.
We stayed like that for I don't know how long, joined at the genitals. I couldn't take my eyes off it. It was surreal.
The sudden sound of spraying water on the other side of the room snapped me out of my haze.
The shower.
I'd completely forgotten about Carlos. And yet...I didn't do anything to dislodge Jeff. I didn't do anything except roll my head to the side to confirm that the bathroom door was still closed.
Carlos wasn't one for long showers. We'd only have a few minutes.
I looked up at Jeff's face and found him looking down at me. His eyes flicked over to the bathroom door and then back to me. He raised his eyebrows.
I knew what he was silently asking, but how could I give permission? How does a married woman give permission to one of her husband's friends to fuck her? I couldn't. I wouldn't. Once again, this had gone too far.
I closed my eyes and put my hand over my face.
I felt a pang of disappointment as I felt Jeff withdrawing.
But it was for the best. We'd already crossed the line, but at this point, we could still walk away with the tiniest shred of our dignity. Nothing had happened. Jeff had pushed his cock into me, but that was it. We hadn't fucked. Not really.
All of that was erased when I felt Jeff sliding forward once again. Out and then back in.
He was fucking me!
I couldn't bear to watch. I was so ashamed because I was going to let it happen.
"Ohhh...shit," Jeff hissed as he forked his dick in and out of me.
I couldn't respond. I refused to acknowledge what was happening, even if my body was. I was positively drenched. Jeff's dick sounded like it was stirring macaroni and cheese with every stroke.
But this was still salvageable. He'd only taken a few strokes. He was just trying me out. Just a test-drive. If he stopped now, we could walk away, never speak about it again, and pretend it never happened.
But he wouldn't stop. He just kept fucking me. And it felt so good!
I was biting the end of my pinky to try to distract myself from the feelings stirring inside of me. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I was enjoying this. I was enjoying letting Carlos' friend test-drive me.
Jeff started picking up speed which probably wasn't the best idea because it created a loud smacking sound as his body collided with mine. I was sure Carlos wouldn't be able to hear it over the shower, but why take a chance?
I pushed against his stomach and took my other hand off my face and looked at Jeff for the first time in what felt like ages.
Jeff withdrew and sat back on his heels. "What's wrong?" He was huffing and puffing.
I couldn't bring myself to say the words. Instead, I lowered my legs from his shoulders and put my feet down on the bed. I motioned him toward my still-open legs. Taking the hint, he moved forward, taking his cock in his hand, and guided himself back to my pussy as he laid his body down on top of me, his sweaty chest pressing against my tits. I moaned as he re-entered and immediately resumed fucking me. I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his back. Jeff lowered his head and brought his face close to mine. I quickly brought my hand up in front of his and gently pushed against his forehead.
I couldn't let him kiss me. I was fucking him, but I needed to at least save one thing for Carlos.
Jeff nodded and tipped his head to the side, nuzzling his face against my neck. "Thank you for this," he whispered.
I was unable to respond. I still couldn't give voice to what we were doing. So, I wrapped my arms around him and rubbed his sweaty back while he continued to bounce me on the bed that I shared with my husband.
As guilty as I felt about what we were doing, I wondered if Jeff had any guilt about it. Yes, I was married to Carlos, but Jeff had known him longer. They'd been deployed in combat together and put their lives in each other's hands. They were like brothers. Shouldn't a brother feel guilty about fucking his brother's wife?
Jeff continued to pump his cock into me, rocking me and the bed, moaning almost like he was in pain.
My heart jumped into my throat when I heard a squeak from the bathroom as the shower shut off. Time was up.
Jeff froze and lifted his head to look toward the bathroom door. But then, incredibly, rather than get off of me, he resumed fucking me. Faster.
"We have to stop," I whispered with desperation, finally audibly acknowledging our forbidden act.
But Jeff kept going. Faster and faster.
I turned my head and looked at the bathroom door. By now, Carlos would be stepping out of the shower and reaching for a towel.
But still, Jeff kept going.
I moved my arms from around Jeff's back and wedged them between us and pushed against his chest. Jeff lifted his torso off me but still didn't stop. His face was twisted in ecstasy and desperation.
I looked toward the bathroom again. Carlos would be done drying now and could walk out at any second. We were walking a tightrope without a safety net.
"Ok, that's enough," I whispered. "Carlos is about to come out."
"Just a second, I'm almost done," Jeff whispered back.
Carlos was about to open the door and see his friend hammering his wife to the bed. Would he be furious? Would he fly into a jealous rage and murder us both?
Jeff was absolutely drilling me now. My breasts were bouncing on my chest like the heads of two giant bobblehead dolls.
"Jeff!" I hissed.
"Unghhh...I'm right there..."
We were going to get caught. And I didn't even know what I was going to say."Sorry, honey, we just wanted to add some authenticity to the video."
"Awwww...fuck...fuck yeah..." Jeff whispered. I turned my head back to him and watched as he withdrew and sat all the way up, his glistening cock pointed out like God's arm on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. He barely got his hand onto it and stroked it one time before cum sprayed out from the end of it and across my stomach and between my tits. He moaned and kept stroking while I put my hands up to block my face from any extra powerful blasts.
After splattering my stomach and dribbling a few drops onto my pussy, he let out a long, satisfied sigh and wiped the back of his forehead with his forearm. He looked down at me with a look of pure longing. It was more than lust. He wanted me for himself. "That was...that was incredible," Jeff said quietly. "You're the hottest woman I've never known. Carlos hit the jackpot with you."
I opened my mouth to say thank you, but that didn't seem like the appropriate response. And yet, I was still appreciative of what he'd said.
The bathroom door suddenly opened and Carlos appeared in the doorway wiping the remnants of shaving cream off his face. He had a towel wrapped around his waist. "You guys finished up yet?"
I rolled away to the opposite side of the bed and onto my side while Jeff scooted to the end of the bed and hopped off. I pulled the fitted sheet from around the corner of the mattress and tried to discreetly wipe Jeff's cum off my body.
We couldn't have looked more guilty.
Jeff picked up his boxers and stepped into them. He cleared his throat. "Oh...uhh...yeah. We finished up a few minutes ago. It didn't take too long actually. I figured just a minute or so was enough, you know? Just enough for them to think it was real. And I think it'll be real enough. We have this camera here," Jeff moved toward the camera past the end of the bed, "which captures everything from one angle. And the one over there," he pointed to the one across the room, "gets another angle."
He was rambling like the world's worst criminal.
Carlos continued wiping his face. "Cool, cool. Well, I'm starving. Let's get some dinner."
I held up a thumbs-up sign over my shoulder while continuing to wipe off with my other hand.
"Actually, I should get back and start working on this video," Jeff said. "It'll be a heavy-duty editing task to make sure we get it just right for the subscriber. Because--you know--with the different angles. And I didn't really capture anything with the handheld." Jeff pointed at the camera he'd been holding earlier. It was lying on the floor. I'd forgotten all about it. The last I remembered, he'd sat it on the bed. I couldn't remember if he'd moved it to the floor later or if it had gotten knocked off the bed during all the fun and games.
"Oh, alright," Carlos responded. He sounded genuinely disappointed. "I guess it's just me and you, babe."
"Uh-huh," I said without turning to face him. "I want to shower first, though."
"It's all yours. Let me just clean off the rest of this shaving cream."
When I heard the bathroom sink turn on, I quickly rolled over and jumped off the bed. I'd gotten the cum wiped up as best as I could tell, but there were a few streaks of white where I'd smeared it into my skin and it had dried. I dropped down and scooped up my blouse from earlier and put my arms through the sleeves. I was buttoning it up when Carlos re-emerged from the bathroom. I turned away from him and pretended to be focused on getting dressed. I hoped I didn't look like I was trying to hide remnants of his friend's cum.
"What do you want for dinner?" Carlos asked as he headed for the bedroom door.
"I'm game for anything." My voice sounded scratchy. My mouth was so dry.
As soon as Carlos went through the doorway, I darted for the bathroom.
I stayed under the shower for what felt like hours. I was determined to wash the guilt off of my body. It was only after I finally accepted that there was nothing I could do to make it go away that I turned off the water and got out.
Jeff was thankfully gone when I opened the bathroom door and exited the bedroom. Carlos and I ate cheesesteaks for dinner. He spent the meal talking about all the extra features he wanted in our new house now that we'd earned enough to make it a reality. I wanted to share in his enthusiasm, but my mind was clouded with guilt.
***
Back at work, I was slouched over my desk with my face in my hands when I heard Brenda buzz into my office. Yay, my daily ray of sunshine.
"Good morning, Aida! I was wondering--oh no! Are you feeling ok?"
I sat up quickly and swept back my hair. "Hmm...oh, yes. I'm fine. What's up?"
"I have the daily reports." She shuffled over and handed them across my desk.
"Thanks, Brenda. I'll take a look at these as soon as I can."
Brenda smiled and scooted to the door.
I jumped up from my chair. "Actually, Brenda...umm...can I ask you something?"
"I don't know, can you?" Brenda chuckled at her own joke.
"Haha, very funny." I took a deep breath. "What would you do if you had a secret that you knew you should share with someone, but you were worried that if you told them, it would really upset them and maybe even make them lose all respect for you?"
"Yikes." Brenda thought for a long while. "Umm...well...in a situation like that, I would ask myself three questions. Would that person's life be made tangibly better if I told them the secret? Would my relationship with that person be made tangibly better because I told them the secret? Would that person be harmed because I kept the secret? If I can't say 'yes' to any of the questions, then I wouldn't tell them."
I was floored. "Wow, that's really deep. And thoughtful. And insightful. Maybe you should change your major to philosophy."
Brenda laughed. "Thank you, but I can't take credit for it. It's something my mom taught me when I was in high school. Probably not the best thing to teach your teenage daughter."
I chuckled. "No, probably not. So...if I can't say 'yes' to any of the questions, I should just keep the secret to myself? Carry it to the grave?"
"A secret's worth depends on the people from whom it must be kept."
"Did your mom teach you that too?" I asked.
Brenda smiled. "No, that's from a Spanish novelist." Brenda thought for a moment. "Actually, French I think."
I leaned back in my chair. "Ahh, the French. French wisdom. French bread. French fries."
"Actually, French fries aren't French," Brenda said with a light chuckle as if she wasn't sure how I'd take her correcting me.
"Yes, I know. I was just trying to make--ok, fine. French toast."
Brenda stuck her index finger in the air. "Also not French."
I laughed. "Shoo, get out of here. I've got work to do."
Brenda turned for the door then stopped. "I was right the first time: Spanish novelist. Carlos Ruiz Zafn."
I fanned my hands at her.
***
It was a few days before Jeff returned to our apartment. He reported that he'd finished the edits for the subscriber. Normally, after Jeff finished editing one of our videos, he'd send the videos to us online to view before he uploaded them to the Onlyfans account. Since this one was being sent directly to a subscriber, Jeff brought the video over on a thumb drive.
Jeff handed the thumb drive to Carlos. "You don't have to watch it now. You can watch it later tonight and let me know what you think."
"Hey! Let's check it out together," Carlos said. "We made it together, we might as well watch it together." I wasn't thrilled with the idea. Without even waiting for a response, Carlos went into the bedroom, I assumed to retrieve his laptop.
When he went in, Jeff crossed the room to me. He reached into his pocket and pulled out another thumb drive and held it out toward me. "This is the only copy that exists."
"Copy of what? What's this?" I asked as I reached for it.
"Alright, got it," Carlos said as he returned from the bedroom holding the laptop out in front of him.
Jeff pursed his lips and shook his head ever so slightly. I closed my fist around the thumb drive and dropped my arm to the side, shielding it from Carlos. As he strode to the kitchen table, I sidestepped to the bookcase against the wall and casually put the thumb drive under the top shelf.
Carlos sat his laptop on the kitchen table and stuck in the thumb drive Jeff had given him. He pulled out a chair and sat down and motioned us over. Jeff grabbed a chair and pulled it up next to him. I lingered back behind them. I didn't really want a visual reminder of what had happened that evening.
Carlos pressed play.
When it started, I could see that the camera angle was from the camera on the side of the room. The image cut back and forth between it and the camera past the foot of the bed and the camera at the opposite end of the room. The video clips were interspersed with shots from the camera Jeff had been holding. Eventually, the video on screen only showed the view from the three stationary cameras.
Our fateful night unfolded before our eyes.
Carlos with his head between my thighs eating my pussy while I pretended to slobber on Jeff's cock. Even though that was actually real. Jeff pretending to fuck my mouth while Carlos fucked me at the other end. Even though that was real too. Jeff lying between my legs and pretending to fuck me. Even tough that--
I turned my face away from the laptop screen and put a hand over my eyes. It was there. You couldn't actually see his cock penetrating me, but it was happening right there. Even though Carlos didn't know it, he was watching Jeff fuck me.
I felt sick and ran across the kitchen to the sink.
"Oh no! Hey Aida, are you ok?" Carlos' voice was full of concern.
"Yeah...I just..." I grabbed a glass from the cabinet and filled it to almost overflowing with the filtered water from the refrigerator dispenser. I practically poured it down my throat.
I flinched when Carlos stepped up next to me and rubbed my back. It was such a loving touch. He loved me more than life itself. I wasn't sure I deserved his love.
The urge to confess everything to him right then and there was overwhelming. I had to tell him.
But would he be better off if I told him? No. Well...maybe. I didn't know. Would our relationship be better off if I told him? Probably not. It could destroy our marriage. Was Carlos harmed by not knowing that the sex he was watching on his laptop was real? No. Not that I could imagine, anyway.
I took a deep breath. "I'm fine now," I said honestly.
"You sure?" Carlos asked?
I nodded. "Yeah, I'm sure." I sat the glass on the counter and walked back around to the laptop.
Carlos returned to his chair and started the video back up.
I bit and chewed the inside of my cheek as I watched the image on screen cut between the three standing cameras as Jeff's cock pierced my pussy. I watched as I spread my legs and then wrapped them around his back. I watched as Jeff hammered into me, trying to cum before Carlos came out of the bathroom. I watched as Jeff pulled out and shot cum across my stomach.
None of the camera shots in the video confirmed any of this. But it was happening whether it showed onscreen or not.
"Is there anything else I should add to it?" Jeff asked.
"No, that looks great!" Carlos said. "Damn, we put together one hot movie. That subscriber sure got his money's worth." Carlos turned around in his chair. "What do you think, Aida?"
I couldn't keep my eyes from flashing over to Jeff before they settled back on Carlos. "Uhh...yeah...it looks fine."
"'Fine'? Pfft, that was better than fine. That was hot as fuck." Carlos turned back around in his chair. "Let's send it to him," he said to Jeff. "I don't think we could add anything that would make it any better."
Jeff nodded. The two of us exchanged another glance and then Jeff got to his feet. "I'll get it out first thing in the morning."
Carlos stood up with him and handed him the thumb drive. As he saw Jeff moving to the apartment door, he said, "What's the hurry? We were just about to watch Top Gun Maverick. Hang out for a while."
"He can't!" I said quickly. Carlos and Jeff turned to look at me like I was wearing a chicken on my head. "I mean...uhh...he's already seen it."
"Ok...I don't think it's a crime to watch a movie more than once," Carlos said.
"Alright, I'll hang for maybe just a little while," Jeff said as he moved toward the living room. I shot him a glare that stopped him in his tracks. "But actually, I should get this video mailed out."
"The post office isn't open until the morning." Carlos walked over to the couch. "Take your coat off and stay awhile."
Jeff hesitated and looked at me for a moment before slowly making his way over to sit on the couch.
"Jeff, didn't you say you still had to finish up a client job?" I said.
Jeff waved a hand at me. "No, I finished that at the end of last week." Once again, I shot him a glare. "Oh, but...I was going to go back to it and spice it up a little."
"What spice do you have to add to it? Can't it wait?" Carlos flipped through Amazon Prime TV and found the movie.
Jeff shifted on the couch. "It's the uhh..."
"Didn't you say the video compression matrix analysis wasn't right?" I said.
"No, there's no such thing--"
He really couldn't take a hint.
I raised my voice and talked over him. "But I remember you had said, the compression...it wasn't compressed...and so it wasn't compressing the matrix."
"Ohhh, right, yes. You're right...the compression. And so, right now, the framerate is really low."
Carlos turned and looked at me again. "What do you know about video editing?"
I shrugged and looked at Jeff. He opened his mouth to say something until Carlos followed my eyes and turned back around and looked at him.
"What is it?" Carlos asked. When Jeff remained silent, he turned back to me. "You two have been acting weird all evening."
I could feel the blood draining from my face. "What? No. I'm fine. We're fine." I looked at Jeff. "Everything's fine, right?"
"Oh, yeah. Yeah. Everything's fine," Jeff said quickly.
"Then if you two don't mind, I wanna watch my movie."
Jeff glanced at me then back at Carlos who was staring at the TV. "It's just that--"
"If you gotta go, then go. I won't twist your arm." Carlos said.
Jeff jumped off the couch like he'd been jabbed with a pitchfork. "I'll see you two later." He went to the door with long strides and snatched it open. "And I'll get the video out tomorrow."
I let out a sigh of relief when he was gone. But his mention of the video reminded me of the thumb drive he'd handed me. What could it be? It was clearly something he didn't want Carlos to see.
I crept over to the bookshelf as quietly as I could, trying not to draw Carlos' attention, but he was already fully engrossed in the movie. My laptop was sitting on an end table not far from me. I scooted over to it and scooped it up and then spun around to the bedroom. I entered the room and pushed the door only halfway closed. I knew he'd get suspicious otherwise. The only door we ever closed was the bathroom door.
I settled onto the bed with my laptop and plugged in the thumb drive. There was a single file on the thumb drive--a video file. With trembling hands, I clicked on it and opened it. At first, I couldn't make out what I was looking at. The image was spinning around a room that had at least one person standing in it. As the video stabilized, the very same room I was sitting in came into focus. The person at the center of the video was me. And Carlos was hugging me from behind and fondling my breasts while kissing my neck.
I clapped my hand over my open mouth as I realized it was footage from the handheld camera Jeff brought when we made the threesome video.
I continued to watch as Carlos put his hands under my shirt. The camera focused on my chest and zoomed in on us as I turned into Carlos and we embraced. My bare breast came into the view as Jeff panned the camera around to the side of us. A moment later, Carlos started sucking my nipple. Jeff drew in close to my body.
I thought back to the feel of Jeff's trembling hand on my hip as I watched Carlos' tongue whip around the hard, brown nipple.
"Jeff, get her bra strap."
And then the image on screen tumbled around. When it stopped, it was showing a view from the foot of our bed toward the head of the bed. After a few moments, I came into the view as I fell back onto the bed. Then Carlos appeared next to me. Then Jeff.
Over the next several minutes, I watched as they groped and sucked my tits and then stripped me down. When Carlos crawled between my legs and began eating me out, you could only see the back of his head and my legs spread around him. Anyone else watching the video could be led to believe that he was only pretending to eat my pussy and that my quivering legs were just part of the act. Someone watching might also assume that we were just pretending when the camera showed me lean over and pretend to blow Jeff since my hair was blocking his lap.
When Jeff changed positions and straddled me, his body blocked the view of my head. From the camera's angle, you couldn't tell what I was doing. But I remembered. I watched as Jeff jerked backwards and Carlos asked if he was ok. I knew that was the moment when I had licked his cock.
A shiver went through my body as I remembered the taste of him.
And a couple minutes later in the video when I grabbed Jeff's thighs and started pulling him forward, I knew that was the moment he put his cock in my mouth.
I continued to watch as my orgasm built onscreen, my body shaking like a leaf, until my hips bounced off the bed and I pressed my pussy into Carlos' face. It seemed like Carlos barely gave me any time to recover before he got me up on my knees so he could fuck me doggystyle.
My head and upper body were framed at the left side of the image on screen. Jeff reappeared at the left edge of the screen holding his cock inches from my face.
Oh...no...
I bit down on the back of my hand and watched as I stuck out my tongue and licked Jeff's cock. I looked like a wanton slut. I was getting fucked at one end, but I couldn't take my eyes off the one in front of me. I was practically licking my lips while staring at it. Even when Carlos grabbed my hair and started yanking it up and down so that I could pretend I was blowing Jeff, I never took my eyes off Jeff's cock. Carlos was essentially treating me like a fuck toy by this point in the video. His only focus seemed to be pounding my pussy while getting off on pretending Jeff was getting his dick sucked. I should've been angry. I should've been furious.
I was.
I thought back to the way my ears burned as I listened to Carlos talk about me like I was his personal sex slave. I remember thinking that he was an asshole. I remember thinking that he deserved what I was about to do.
I kept watching the video as I opened my mouth and Carlos unknowingly pushed it onto Jeff's cock. It felt like I was in a dream as I watched as it slipped back and forth, my lips stretched around the shaft. And it was clear from the video that I was enjoying it. There was no shame on my face whatsoever. And Carlos' face showed no sign that he had any idea I was sucking Jeff for real. He was too absorbed in his threesome fantasy. Even when he let go of my hair and Jeff put his hands on my head and started fucking my mouth, Carlos was entirely focused on enjoying himself.
Jeff's cock looked even more delicious on screen than I remembered it being. He was feeding it to me and I was gobbling it down. Sucking it. Slurping it. Almost gagging on it. And all the while, Carlos was clueless.
Served him right. He wanted to treat me like his whore. I became his whore.
When Carlos finished fucking me and turned me around, the camera was unable to catch a view of him cumming on my face. All I could see were a few drops falling past my head onto the bed.
"Hey, I thought you were gonna watch the movie with me," Carlos said, suddenly appearing in our bedroom doorway.
I slammed the laptop shut and looked up. "Huh? Oh...yeah. In a minute."
Carlos nodded toward the laptop and smirked. "What're you doing? Watching porn?"
He was joking, but he had no idea how right he was.
I forced a laugh. "Nooooo. I'm just doing some writing."
Carlos offered a half-bow and stepped backwards through the doorway, pulling the door with him.
If there was one thing I could count on with Carlos, it was that he generally left me alone when I was writing. He respected that as my "me time." His "me time" was usually when he was watching Sportscenter on ESPN.
"I'll be out in a few minutes," I said.
I listened and waited until I heard the TV in the living room start back up before I reopend my laptop and resumed the video.
On screen, Carlos disappeared out of the camera's view and went to the bathroom while Jeff and I figured out how best to have fake sex And then my legs were up on his shoulder. Unlike the stationary cameras, the handheld camera on the bed was at the perfect angle to see that Jeff's cock was between my thighs and not in my pussy. Incidentally, this meant that it was also at the perfect angle a couple minutes later when I spread my legs and pressed him against my pussy.
I stopped the video. I couldn't watch anymore. I couldn't relive it. It had been enough to watch the video Jeff had edited.
I shut the laptop and carried it to my dresser. I usually kept it on top of it or on the kitchen table or the end table in the living room. This time, I opened the third drawer, moved my socks aside, and wedged it into the corner. I covered it back up with socks and closed the drawer. I walked to the bedroom door and pulled it open.
And then stopped as a nonsensical thought popped into my head--what if it hadn't really happened?
It's possible that the sex with Jeff wasn't real after all, wasn't it? I'd been drinking. I was still riding an orgasmic high. A lot of thoughts were going through my head at the time. We were supposed to be pretending to have sex. And...maybe I kind of wanted to fuck him.
Maybe the power of suggestion had been enough. Maybe I'd created my own fantasy about the whole thing.
I pushed the bedroom door back to halfway closed and returned to my dresser. After retrieving my laptop from within the socks, I got back onto the bed and started the video back up. I let out a small scream.
The sex was real.
My mouth hung open as I watched Jeff slide his cock back and forth across my pussy. It was shining with my juices and welcomed him when he pressed the head of his cock into my folds. And then kept going.
In and out. In and out.
I sat on the bed slack-jawed and watched the two of us have steamy, animalistic sex. Slow at first but then faster, his body bouncing me up and down on the bed as he tried to cum before Carlos came out of the bathroom. And then he did cum. And the camera captured it all.
Cum between my tits. Cum on my stomach. Cum on my pussy.
And the whole time, I was...smiling. Smiling! I had just been fucked like a bitch in heat in my marital bed by a man who wasn't my husband, and I was smiling.
I'd seen enough.
I slammed the laptop closed again and yanked out the thumb drive. I walked the laptop over to my dresser and sat it on top. I carried the thumb drive into the bathroom, holding it out in front of me like a dirty trash bag. I stooped down and opened the cabinet under the sink. I reached into the back for the box of cleaning sponges I used to clean the bathroom and wedged the disk in between two of them. The thumb drive was going into the trash as soon as Carlos was away from the living room and kitchen.
I turned on the faucet and splashed a handful of cold water onto my face and looked into the mirror. My hair was up in a messy bun. Long, wavy strands hung down and framed a face that I didn't recognize. I couldn't be the woman I had just watched on the video. Not after taking vows for a man I loved. Not after promising to be faithful. Not after swearing to honor and respect him.
I shut my eyes and leaned forward and pressed my forehead against the glass.
"Jeff, get her bra strap."
This was all my fault.
"Hey, come get a taste of these."
I had agreed to all of this.
"Why don't you help her get those pants off."
I let things go too far.
"Go on, have a lick."
I should have stopped it, but I didn't.
"We can pretend we're spit roasting her."
What kind of wife agrees to that?
"You like that too, babe? You like sucking his cock?"
What kind of husband says that to his wife?
"You're such a good little cocksucker."
Where was the respect for me?
"I told you she could suck a good cock."
How could I be expected to be faithful when my husband had fantasies of showing me off to his friends?
"Don't stop, whore, keep sucking him."
This was what he'd wanted all along. He wanted Jeff to fuck me. He wanted Jeff to know what it was like to fuck his spicy little wife. He probably couldn't wait to call him the next morning and listen to Jeff tell him how good his wife's pussy was.
I lifted my head from the mirror and smacked my palm against it. "You son of a bitch! You did this! This is all your fault!"
I stalked out of the bathroom and went to the bedroom door. Instead of pulling it open, I pushed it the rest of the way shut. Then I turned to the bed and pulled back the covers, got under them, pulled them over my head, and shut my eyes. And stewed in my anger.
At some point, I fell asleep. And at some point, I was awoken by the feel of Carlos unbuttoning the rest of the buttons on my shirt. And I let him. I let him fully undress me. I let him spread my legs and eat my pussy. I let him climb between my legs and fuck me. I let him pull out and shoot his cum into my open mouth. And I swallowed it.
And when I rolled over and Carlos spooned up behind me and wrapped his arm around me, I let him. I welcomed it. Because I loved him. I did the things I did for him because I loved him. He wasn't perfect. And neither was I. We were husband and wife. Through thick and thin. In sickness and in health. For richer or poorer.
A smile spread across my face.
We weren't rich, but we were a lot closer to it than we'd been just a few months ago. And that was good enough.
***
The end of the term for the interns came with little fanfare. The higher-ups held a luncheon for them that consisted of cold cuts and boring speeches. I offered to take Brenda out to lunch but was surprised when she told me that she and a group of other interns were going out to lunch together and wanted me to join them. When I showed up, it turned out that I was the only permanent employee they'd invited to join them.
"Is anyone else coming?" I asked as we were led to our table.
"Nah," Brenda's friend Malik said, "we kept it just between the intern crew. We didn't want any of the boomers showing up. Or any of the supervisors. But you're good people and only like a couple years older than us."
"Try 8 or 9 years older,"I didn't say.
I had to admit, that I'd had my reservations about joining them for lunch. The last thing a 30-year-old woman wants is to be reminded that she's not in her 20s anymore. But they made me feel young again. The jokes. The laughter. The conversation. Even the flirting.
I didn't just feel young--I was young. As the saying went, you were only as old as you felt. And I felt young. And wild. And free.
I was comfortable in my own skin.
***
Carlos, Jeff, and I reconvened at our apartment a few days later to discuss the future of our cooking channel and Onlyfans account. Aside from a few knowing smirks when we made eye contact, Jeff and I managed to exist in each other's presence without the runaway awkwardness we'd experienced the last time he was at our apartment.
After a lengthy round of discussion, we all decided to shut down production. Carlos and I had earned way more money than we'd set out to make when we started. Jeff hadn't had a goal and was content with the money he'd made. It was more than he made from his piecemeal jobs with his film production side-hustle.
Jeff pointed out that we couldn't shut down the cooking channel and the Onlyfans at the same time or it would pretty much confirm the rumors about "Carmen." Everyone would know that the woman from the cooking channel was the same woman from the Onlyfans videos.
We decided to phase out the cooking channel first with a video from me saying that I was going back to school and was taking my channel down for a short while to focus on my studies. Unbeknownst to my fans, "Carmen" was never coming back.
I felt a pang of heartache as I read through some of my comments one last time. There was such an outpouring of support. I felt like I had become a minor celebrity with a fan following. These people didn't even know me, but they were committed to and invested in my success.
And just like a real celebrity, I had my haters too.
But as I skimmed through a few of the unnecessarily mean comments,"Yay, just what we need. Another girl with more tits than brains taking up a seat in academia,"I realized that I didn't care about the negative comments anymore. They were nothing more than small words from small people.
"Some people are in such utter darkness that they'll try to burn you just to see a light."
***
We left the Onlyfans up for another two months but didn't produce any new content for it. We continued to receive messages and tips all the way up until the time we closed the account.
Oddly, I felt like a small weight had been lifted off my shoulders. My career had been at risk. My family relationships had been at risk. My friendships had been at risk. Now, I could breathe easy again. Onlyfans had been a part of my life for long enough. I didn't have the dedication to it like many of the hard-working people on the site who were actually trying to make a living from it. I was an amateur who was just passing through. Carlos and I had set a goal, and we'd reached it. It was time to move on.
***
After the movers loaded up and carted out the last stack of boxes, I took one last look around the apartment. It looked so strange seeing it as empty as the day we moved in. The apartment was a little more worn than it was when we'd shown up. A spot of missing paint on the wall where Carlos had bumped the entertainment center against it. A few scratches on the floor in the kitchen from where the refrigerator had come off its track. Those would all be taken care of the following week by the team we'd hired to come in to touch up the apartment before we turned in the keys next week.
I gave the apartment a smiling wave and closed the door. I locked it and dropped the key into my left pocket. I patted my right pocket and felt the key there. The key to our future. The key to the Tudor outside the city that we'd gone to closing on the day before.
"Aida!"
I turned around and came face to face with Nancy who was holding a bowl of apples wrapped in plastic with a cornflower blue bow tied at the top. She pushed it toward me. "Here, you go. A little housewarming gift."
"Thanks, Nancy," I said, struggling to keep the acid out of my voice.
"I hope you weren't planning on leaving without saying goodbye." She leaned toward me and extended her arms. I turned my head and allowed her to hug me around the bowl of fruit. "Gosh, it's been such a long time. It'll be weird without you two here."
"Yeah, I'm going to miss this place." I wasn't going to miss this place at all, but it felt like the decent thing to say.
"You're welcome to visit anytime," Nancy said. "I think you two will love the area you're moving to. It'll be a better fit for you. Not everyone can hack it here in the city."
Spiteful bitch to the end.
"Yeah, well, sometimes, you have to move forward in life and try new things instead of settling for a familiar, mediocre existence."
"Sometimes, mediocre beats being showy. But when you're always looking for attention, I guess it's a way of life." Nancy beamed a huge smile that made me want to knock out every one of her bleached teeth.
"Attention can be a good thing. When everyone stops paying attention to you, there's a risk you could end up old and bitter, living in an apartment by yourself and pressing your ear to the wall to listen to your neighbors having hot, passionate, wonderful, orgasmic sex every other night." I returned her smile.
Her right eye twitched as she struggled to maintain her smile. "Hmm, well, take care." She turned and stepped into her apartment.
I rolled my eyes and marched past. I got about ten feet away when she called out to me.
"I can't wait for you to restart your cooking channel."
I felt my face twisting in disbelief. How could she have possibly found that?
"And when you bring it back, I hope all those awful rumors will stop."
I gritted my teeth. "What rumors?" I asked, trying to keep my voice even. But I already knew what she was talking about.
"Oh, the ones saying that you were on that dreadful adult website. Uglyfans or something like that." Nancy turned her head and looked up and down the hall. "I never believed them, myself. Someone posted a link on your cooking page one day that had a bunch of screenshots from the site. Ghastly thing to do, but one couldn't help but look." Nancy waved her hand. "That woman was young, so I knew it couldn't be you, and I'm sure others felt the same way. So, don't worry. Take care." She waved and that hideous, smile spread across her face again.
I was positively speechless. I'd never wanted to murder someone more in my life than in that moment. And she just kept standing there with her arms folded, looking smug with that stupid grin. I wanted to scream. I wanted to walk over and drag her out of her apartment by her hair and dog-walk her up and down the hallway.
My legs carried me to her door. The rage must've been written across my face because the smile on her face cracked and she retreated a step back into her apartment.
I lifted the bowl of apples up to eye level and then dropped it at her feet. "Fuck you. Fuck you, Nancy."
The smile completely evaporated from her face.
I stepped up to her doorway and continued my tirade. "I don't live here anymore, so I don't have to pretend to be nice to you anymore. You are without a doubt, one of the most awful human beings I've ever met in this godforsaken city. But it gives me peace and joy to know that when you die in this apartment all alone, it'll be weeks before anyone finds you." I gave her as fake a smile as I could manage. "Take care, bitch."
Nancy's face turned beet red, and anger flooded across it. She was breathing so fast and hard that her shoulders were rising and falling with each breath. She looked like she was about to take a swing at me.
Oh, please do.
But instead, she stepped away from her door and slammed it in my face.
***
Carlos and I christened our new house on our very first night in it. Our furniture wasn't arriving until the next day, so we made do by fucking on the patterned wool carpet that lined the stairs leading from the foyer to the second-floor landing.
When we were done, I went rummaging through our unpacked boxes looking for something to clean Carlos' cum off the carpet. I found one labeledbathroom.
Hand soap. Toilet paper. Bottle of 409. Lysol. Paper towels. Sponges.
I pulled the pack of sponges out of the box, selected one from the pack, and lowered the pack back into the box. Just before I folded the flaps on the box closed, I pressed my fingers in between the two middle-most sponges.
The thumb drive was still there.
I already knew it was. I'd packed the box myself and had checked and double checked that it was there before I taped the box shut. I'd checked for it every day since I'd put it there. I hadn't watched it again after that first time, but I hadn't gotten rid of it either. And I didn't know why.
Maybe I wanted something to remember our crazy run on Onlyfans. Or maybe I wanted something to remind myself of how hard we'd worked to get our new house. Or maybe I just wanted something to remind myself of how precious my marriage was. A reminder not to take it for granted. Not to take my life for granted. I had been so ungrateful for so long. Ungrateful in my marriage. Ungrateful in my life. Ungrateful to be young.
One day I'd be an old woman. And there was nothing wrong with that. But that day wasn't coming anytime soon. For now, I was determined to live for tomorrow by living in the moment.