1. All characters are 18+
2. No characters represent real people
3. Enjoy the fiction
----
CHAPTER 5
----
"You're dating my mom?" Anna exclaimed, a little louder than necessary. Other people at the restaurant turned to look.
"I'm not dating her yet," I said, trying to de-escalate the situation. "We're going out on Friday." Anna frowned.
"Honey, is there a problem with me going on a date with Grant?" Olivia asked her daughter. Anna started to say something, but I gave Anna a sharp look. Anna realized that any protest would reveal our secret voyeurism relationship.
"No, just, took me by surprise, that's all." Anna sat back down. Olivia looked temporarily satisfied, but Anna sent me a look that said she wasn't happy.
----
That night, there was no show. Anna's blinds were closed. The night after that, same thing. Anna also hadn't been out in the back yard. I was fairly sure she was upset.
Wednesday, I texted her around noon, 'Are you coming outside today?' It was a beautiful day, so it was conspicuous that Anna wasn't out getting sun.
I sat out, eating my lunch, watching Bob run around the yard, until Anna finally came out around 12:30. She came over and sat with me, but didn't say anything. Also, she was wearing a long-sleeve shirt and gym pants, hiding her body from my view, despite the warm weather. Yup, clearly upset.
"You don't like that I'm going out with your mom," I said, breaking the silence. Anna just looked at me and rolled her eyes, then looked over at Bob in the yard.
"She is closer to my age," I pointed out. "She's 38, and I'm 32." No response from Anna. "I still think you're sexy," I whispered.
"Tell me something," she finally said, "do you really think my mom is attractive?"
"Well, yes," I answered honestly.
"Is she hotter than me?"
That was a harder question. "Well, she's..."
Anna cut me off. "Yes or no. Is my mom hotter than me?"
"It's not a fair question, Anna. She's twenty years older than you. You're both hot for your respective ages."
"Hmph." Anna huffed and looked away again.
"What do you want me to say?" I asked. "Did you want me to tell your mom, 'no, I can't date you, I'm into your eighteen-year-old daughter, whom I've seen naked?' Is that what you want?"
Anna's rigid indifference melted. "No, you can't say that. She'd fucking flip out."
"Exactly. And, besides physical attraction, it's kind of nice to get to know your mom. We've both been divorced, and came out winners. She got you, and I got Bob."
"I guess so."
"Speaking of, what do you remember of your dad?"
"Not much," Anna answered. "Mom said he was charming at first, then it gradually wore off. Then she found out he cheated on her." She looked at me. "You better not hurt my mom, too. I'm glad she's decided to date again. I just didn't expect it to be you."
"Honestly, I didn't expect it either," I said, "but I'm looking forward to it."
Anna got up and left, maybe a little less upset than before. She turned around before she got to her door, and told me, "My mom might like you, but I'm not giving up." Then she went inside.
That was interesting. Apparently, it sounded like Anna had a plan.
----
Friday night, I knocked on Olivia's door, dressed in khaki pants and a nice shirt. Anna answered the door with a stern look on her face. "Sir, can I ask what are your intentions with my mother?"
I laughed, but Anna maintained her serious face. So I answered, playing along, "Just dinner and drinks tonight. I promise to have her back by 11:00."
Olivia came into the room, wearing a purple summer dress that complimented her figure. "Only 11:00? Can we have 11:30?" she begged her daughter sarcastically.
Anna harumphed and said, "11:15. Not a second more." She was playing the part of an angry parent perfectly. I wondered how often she'd been on the receiving end of it from Olivia.
"Shall we?" I offered my arm.
"Yes, let's," Olivia took it and we moved for the door.
"Have a good time, you two," called Anna. I looked back at her as I closed the door behind Olivia, and I swear I saw a wink from the teenage girl.
----
Dinner went really well. Olivia and I have a lot in common, and not just divorce. We both enjoy some of the same bands, including one that was on tour this summer, coming to town next weekend. When we realized it, we got tickets so we could go together, as a second date.
When we'd finished eating, we gave up our table and headed for the bar. Olivia was a wine drinker, while I had a whiskey on the rocks. It was just enough to give me a slight buzz, but still drive us home safely.
We pulled into the driveway around 11:10. I pointed out that we only had five minutes before her curfew, which made Olivia laugh. I escorted her back to her door, and wondered if she'd kiss me goodnight. It was a good date, but I didn't want to presume. She leaned in, and we kissed. It wasn't a big deal, but it was a nice, tender moment. Her lips were soft and tasted like her wine.
Just then, the front door flew open, and Anna stood there in her pajama shorts and t-shirt. "Ahem," she said, to get our attention. I thought the "overprotective" routine was cute when we'd left earlier, but now it was going too far.
It seemed like Olivia agreed with my thought. "Anna, go to bed," she told her daughter.
Anna huffed, and said "Fine," then shut the door. Olivia looked back at me.
"Where were we?" I asked.
"Right here," she said, kissing me again.
We didn't kiss for very long, but it was nice. Very appropriate for a successful first date between two grown adults. When Olivia went inside, we wished each other good night, and I walked back to my house.
My phone buzzed in my pocket as I let Bob out. 'Come to the window,' beckoned Anna.
'One minute,' I responded. I got Bob back inside, fed him quickly, then went upstairs. My blinds were closed, as usual, but when I peeked through at the usual spot, I saw Anna's blinds were open again. She stood there topless, in front of her bed, wearing panties I'd not seen before. They weren't cute teenage girl panties, they were plain adult woman panties.
I bumped the blinds, indicating I was there, and Anna smiled. She texted me again, 'These are my mom's panties. Are you sure you want to be with an old lady like her?' She danced around in her mother's underwear, swaying to music I couldn't hear.
I texted back, 'Not nice to call your mother an old lady.'
'I bet you want me to take them off. You want to see my little girl pussy.'
I didn't respond. I didn't need to. She took them off anyway, showing her tight, shaved pussy.
Her next text came in. 'I bet you like my hairless teen pussy. My mom's got a big bush. You won't like that.' She texted as she shimmied her body.
I did respond to that. 'Not nice to talk like that. Your mom and I aren't there yet.'
'She's not as sexy as me.'
I couldn't think of how to respond, but before I could, Anna's head whipped around towards her door. She quickly threw on a robe and sat on her bed. Olivia came into her room and sat on the bed with her. She'd changed out of her dress and was wearing a robe herself. I could barely make out the outline of her nipples through the material.
They sat for a few minutes, talking. I kept my eye on them, interested. I couldn't read lips, but my guess was it was kind of a heart-to-heart between mother and daughter. Possibly about me. Anna occasionally glanced out the window. I was pretty sure she could see my eyeball in the peeking hole.
When they were done, Olivia hugged her daughter and left. Anna went to turn out the light. As she settled into her bed, she sent one more text. 'Mom says you're going out again. But this isn't over.'
----
I realized, when I used my video evidence in court, that I was revealing the locations of the other cameras in my house. Anna hadn't been in the courtroom at the time, but I wondered if she'd realize it.
She did, a few days after my date with Olivia. I was sitting out in the garden when Anna strolled up. As usual for her sun-bathing days, she was wearing her short shorts and a sports bra.
"I've been wondering something, Grant. You told the court you had a camera in your living room, watching the front door."
"That's right."
"And you had a camera upstairs."
"Yes."
"Where upstairs?" she asked. We both knew that she knew of only one.
"In the hallway," I told her, "If you're asking what I think you're asking, the answer is yes, I saw you."
She gave me a sheepish grin. "Well, it's not like you haven't seen me already."
"Right," I nodded, then added in a quieter voice, "But, it was smoking hot, watching you when you didn't know it." She didn't move, so I came closer and whispered in her ear. "Your naked body on my bed turned me on."
She shuddered at my dirty talk. Then she turned it back on me. "Do you still have the videos?" I nodded. "Maybe we can watch them together." She put her hand on my thigh, under the table, and rubbed my leg, very close to my crotch. "Maybe we can do other things while we watch."
I watched her get up and leave. It seemed like a battle now, like a tug-of-war. We were both trying to get a leg up on each other. But not in a negative way. It was more about who can turn on the other one more, who can make the other one more desperate. I thought for a minute and came up with my next play.
I found my tablet and pulled up the first video I had of Anna on my bed. I made a copy of just the first few seconds of it, and sent that to Anna. It was enough to just see her enter the room and lay on the bed, before any of her clothes came off. I added the text, 'Remember that night?'
She responded a minute later, 'Of course. And I bet you do too.'
----
Olivia and I were going on our second date Saturday night. We were seeing a band called the Good Times, at a little club downtown. We agreed to dress casually, in jeans and band t-shirts.
It was Wednesday evening when I found out that Anna had a date as well. I had been chatting with Olivia, and she told me her daughter was going out with a guy named Ricky on Friday night.
Late that night, I saw Anna through my window. She was wearing her robe, and I hoped there was nothing underneath. I texted her: 'Who's Ricky?'
'Football player. Big muscles. Jealous much?'
'I was only asking. Do you want me to be jealous?' She read my text and frowned. Then she put her phone down and crossed her arms, showing she didn't want to respond to that. So I texted again. 'Are you dating Ricky because you're jealous of your mom?'
That only made her mad. Her lights turned off. I sighed, knowing I'd hit the nail right on the head. Anna was trying to make me jealous by going out with someone else. The problem was, it was working.
----
Jealous as I was, I watched on Friday night when Ricky arrived. He did look muscular, and somewhat handsome, but he still looked like a dufus to me. I couldn't tell if that was more due to his chowder-head looks or my prejudice. I saw him enter Olivia's house, but only briefly, as Anna came out with him a minute later. I whistled to myself at Anna's outfit. She wore a mini-skirt, showing off her pretty legs. Her top ran just to the hem of the skirt, so if she moved at all, like when she bent to get into Ricky's car, she showed off skin. As they drove away, Anna looked over at my house, saw me in the window, and waved.
I sat in my living room, stewing about Anna with another guy. No moron jock could be as good as me, I thought. Anna had succeeded in making me properly jealous. Well, two could play at that game.
I texted Olivia, asking if she wanted company, and she responded that she did. Before I went over, though, I repointed my newest camera out the window at their driveway, and set it up to alert my phone. I'd know the instant that Anna and Ricky got home.
I went over and sat with Olivia in her living room, sipping wine and talking about how excited we were for tomorrow night. We also talked about Anna, of course. Olivia told me this was Anna's first date since they'd moved to the neighborhood, so she was happy Anna was getting out there, although she wasn't too impressed by Ricky.
"What's wrong with Ricky?" I asked, fully agreeing that Ricky wasn't good enough.
Olivia said, "He's kinda... stupid." I laughed, and she continued. "I don't mean it to be mean. I just think he's not very bright." She sipped her wine, then told me, "To be honest, before we moved, she and I had very similar tastes in men. I liked the boys she dated before. They were all very sweet and nice. Ricky seems to be an extreme outlier to that trend."
I nodded, "I see." But inside I was thinking about what Olivia just said. Similar tastes in men? Maybe that's why Olivia and Anna both seem interested in me. I put out a suggestion. "Maybe she's using Ricky? She seems way smarter than he is."
Olivia pondered it, but asked, "Using him to do what?"
I shrugged. "Not sure. Is he popular at school? Is Anna looking to move up the social ladder?"
Olivia chuckled. "Maybe that's it. Anna hasn't had a lot of friends over since we moved."
We enjoyed our evening together, and were just starting to cuddle together on the couch when my phone dinged in my pocket. "What's that?" asked Olivia.
I looked at my phone. It was an alert, letting me know that Ricky's car was back in the driveway. "It's nothing," I lied. "Just an alarm to remind me to let Bob out." I stood up. "It's late, I should get going anyway."
"Okay. I'll see you tomorrow," Olivia said with a big smile.
"You bet. I can't wait." I leaned in and gave her a little peck on the cheek.
I let myself out the back door, so I wasn't seen by Anna and Ricky in the darkness. But I could see them. They weren't doing anything physical yet. By the time I made my way back into my house, Anna was beckoning Ricky to kiss her. The instant their lips touched, I became angry. I knew it was for no reason - I had no right to claim Anna, and I hadn't kissed her myself - but it still made me mad. Worse still, Ricky's hand moved up Anna's body and cupped her breast. That broke me. I texted Olivia a simple, naive-sounding message to get her attention. 'Is that Ricky's car in your driveway?'
A second later, Olivia came flying out of the house to catch her daughter getting groped by Ricky. She made Anna get out of the car and into the house. With my windows shut, I couldn't make out all of what they were saying, but it was clear that Olivia disapproved of Ricky's hands on her daughter's bosom. I smirked to myself and left the window, to go upstairs and get ready for bed.
Olivia and Anna both texted me at nearly the same time. Olivia thanked me for my alertness, and briefly explained she'd caught Ricky 'getting fresh' with Anna.
Anna's text carried a very angry tone. 'What's the matter? You can go on dates with my mom, but I can't have my own fun? Asshole!'
I peeked through the blinds to see Anna's window, but it confirmed what I knew was true. Anna's blinds were closed, sending me the clear message that she was cutting me off.
----
That Saturday night was my second date with Olivia. We were going to see the band Good Times at a local club. When I had knocked on the door for our first date, Anna had answered quickly. This time, however, she was no where to be seen. Olivia answered, wearing jeans and a black band shirt, almost copying my own outfit, but my shirt was for a different band.
"No Anna to give me the third degree this time?" I joked.
"She's been grumpy all day," Olivia said. "Ever since I caught her getting felt up by that boy last night, she's barely come out of her room."
So she was in her room, I thought. The blinds had been closed all day. I'd checked. But I did my best to put her out of my mind. Tonight was about having fun with Olivia.
----
The band was great that night. Olivia and I were both drinking and having a great night. I excused myself for the restroom right before the end of their first set, hoping to beat the crowd. While I was there, I checked my phone. There were a few texts from Anna. I saw the timestamps on each one.
Twenty minutes ago: 'I'm in your house'.
Ten minutes ago: 'Found your tablet. 1234 isn't a very safe passcode, Grant.'
I kicked myself. My tablet was always in my house or with me, so I really didn't think about securing it.
Eight minutes ago: 'Found your videos. Didn't know you had an extra camera in the bedroom. Nice hiding place.'
Seven minutes ago: 'So the last time, when I was pretending you were watching, you were actually watching?'
I was really busted now. If Anna wanted, she could show those to her mother and I'd probably go to jail. She had me over a barrel and she knew it.
The second half of the show, I tried to relax and enjoy the music and Olivia's company. But I kept thinking about Anna and her videos. She hadn't texted any more after that last one, so she was either planning nuclear revenge, or she was entranced in watching them. With any normal girl, I'd bet on the first one, but I knew Anna was pretty kinky, so I bet my odds were about 50/50.
----
Arriving home, I walked Olivia to her door. "Thanks for the date, Grant," she said. "This was really fun."
"You're a fun date, Olivia," I told her. "I'm glad we got to know each other." I leaned in, and she came the rest of the way to meet our mouths together. The kiss was really nice. Any other time, any other woman, I'd think about inviting her into my place for more. But thoughts of Anna lurked in the back of my head, and now was not a good time. Especially tonight, where Anna was in Olivia's house, and I had no idea what havok Anna had performed in mine.
We bid each other good night, and I watched Olivia enter her house before returning to mine. Thankfully, there was no havok or mess. Anna could have trashed the place in anger, but that wasn't her go-to. Bob was there, happy as normal. The only thing out of place was that my tablet was gone.
I peeked from my bedroom window. Anna's blinds were closed, but her light was on, so I texted her. 'Where's my tablet?'
'Here with me. Say hi to the camera.'
I turned to face the camera on my dresser. She'd pulled the photo frames apart, exposing its lens a little more.
'If you want your tablet back, you need to earn it. Undress for me.'
That's what she wanted. I'd watched her many times, with and without her knowledge. Now she wanted to even the score.
'I could just ask your mom to get it from you.' I pointed out.
'You could, but then I'd show her what's on it.'
There it was, the blackmail element. Do it, or else.
Another text immediately followed. 'Come on Grant, it's only fair.'
I spoke aloud, knowing she could hear me. "I do this, and I get my tablet back, and things go back to normal?"
'Yes. I promise,' came the texted reply.
I really had no alternatives. If Anna showed Olivia the videos, I'd probably get arrested. Anna would turn on some tears and I'd get arrested, even though it was her who was naked in my house. She'd play up the fact that I was a full-grown adult and she was a barely-legal teen girl.
I took off my shirt and looked at the camera. I unbuckled my pants and let them fall to the floor. It was a weird feeling, being watched, but it was strangely erotic. I started to understand why Anna got off on it. I got out of my clothes down to my boxers.
My phone dinged again, another text from Anna. 'Nice bod. But nothing seems to be at attention.'
I looked down. She was right, I was nervous, and wasn't erect. It was starting, but not yet half-way there. I said aloud, "I don't have anything sexy to look at."
There was a minute of delay before I got a response. It was a picture of Anna on her bed, from her neck down, wearing only pink panties. Her legs were bent, and my tablet sat on her lap. I saw an image of me on the screen. 'Try this,' was the caption.
The picture helped. I focused on her small breasts and the sexy triangle hidden beneath her lacy panties, and started to get hard. I stripped out of my boxers, showing my erection to the camera. Anna texted again, 'That's the spirit. Now touch yourself. Think of my hot body and stroke it.'
Anything worth doing is worth doing right, I supposed. I got a little lotion from the nearby table, and I wrapped my hand around myself. The lotion provided a little lubrication to help me stroke myself, up and down, up and down. I left my phone on the bed so I could see Anna's texts come in.
'Your cock is nice and big. I bet you wish you had a tight pussy to put it in.'
I imagined Anna naked in front of me, spreading her legs wide open. "Yeah," I groaned.
'Would you put it in me, if I was there?'
I couldn't say no. "Yeah," I said.
'Say it.' I didn't; I kept stroking myself. She texted again. 'I want to hear you say it.'
I said it. "I want to put my cock in you."
'Where would you put it?'
I was being teased and tortured and I knew it. I gave in. "I want to fuck that little pussy of yours. I want to stretch you with my cock until you scream."
That seemed to satisfy Anna, as I didn't get any texts for a full minute.
'Good boy. I want you to cum now for me.'
I sped up my strokes and closed my eyes, concentrating on images of Anna's body, memories of watching her cum hard through the window. I came, spurting all over my bedroom floor.
I looked at my phone when I'd finished. No new text messages. I got a towel to clean up my mess. Then my phone finally got another message. 'I'll bring your tablet back tomorrow. Thanks for the show.'
----
That next day being Sunday, I didn't have to work. I spent most of the day waiting for Anna to come over and bring my tablet back. I kept an eye on their house, and around 1:00 I saw Olivia get in her car and drive away. She'd been dressed in her nurse scrubs, so it looked like she was going to work.
Anna came in through my back door shortly after, without knocking. "Hi Grant," she said in a sing-song voice. "I brought your tablet back. There's lots of interesting videos on there, I think." Today she was wearing a tank-top without a bra underneath, and a knee-length skirt.
I looked through my collection of videos and found two from this morning. "What are these?" I pointed at them.
"I don't know," she sang, clearly telling me she did know. "Maybe we should watch them and find out."
The first one was of me, of course. I'd come out of my bathroom naked, forgetting about the camera, and Anna had recorded me as I got dressed.
The second one was of Anna, taken in her room with the tablet's built-in camera. It looked like she'd propped it up on a table. "This one looks interesting," I told her.
"Just watch, it gets better." I watched the recorded Anna, looking away from the camera, strip off her panties, and bare her naked bottom. She bent over and spread her cheeks, exposing her wet little pussy and tiny brown spot. She slipped a finger into her pussy, then a second one. "I'm so wet for you," her voice said in the recording.
Then she bent over again, and pulled on some... shorts? Not shorts. I recognized them. They were a pair of my pale blue boxers. "Did you steal my underwear?" I asked.
"Maybe." She played it very shy.
I eyed the skirt. Anna usually wore little short shorts, so the knee-length clothing was out of character for her. "Are you wearing them right now?"
Again, she said, "Maybe." Then she turned and dashed off, running up my stairs.
I dropped the tablet and chased after her. She was on my bed. I stood away from her some distance, examining the situation. Anna lifted her skirt a little, showing the leg of men's boxers hiding below. I stood and watched. This was another performance, and I wasn't going to miss a second.
She unbuttoned her skirt and slipped it off her body. My boxers were big on her, so it took some effort for her to take off one layer while keeping the underwear on. But the result was that she was now on my bed, in my boxers. "I think you like my new look," she said.
"I do," I admitted, "but I'd like to see more." I took a step forward, but she stopped me.
"No," Anna commanded. "You stay there. No touching, unless you want to touch yourself. Take off your shirt."
I quickly slipped it off at her word. At this point, I'd do anything to make this continue. I realized that, for all the times I'd watched Anna, this was the first time we'd been in the same room for this.
She slipped her tank top over her head and tossed it at me. "How does it feel, knowing I'm naked, except for your clothes on me?" she asked. I watched her rub her hands over her pert little nipples.
"God you're so sexy. I bet you're so wet underneath."
"Probably. Maybe I should find out." She slipped one of her little hands underneath the waistband. "Ooh. Oh yes. I'm very wet. Would you like to see it?"
My mouth was dry. I summoned enough gumption to utter, "Yes."
"Take yours off if you want to see mine."
I dropped my pants and got down to my boxers. It was at that moment that I realized we were wearing identical pairs of underwear. I thought back to this morning when I got dressed. I just picked out the next pair from my dresser without thinking about it. Anna must have rummaged through my drawer, found two identical pairs, then took one and made sure I'd wear the other. "We're twins," I said with a grin. "You planned that, didn't you?"
She nodded. Her hand was still playing with herself underneath her pair. "I want you to put your hand in yours too." She watched as I slid my hand in and grabbed my already-hard dick. "You're so hard, and I'm so, so wet."
"What do you want to do about that?" I asked, slowly stroking myself.
"I want to see you cum. And you want to see me cum too." Having said that, we both knew the next step. Maintaining eye contact, we both removed the pale blue boxers, the last remaining layer of remaining clothing, at the same time. Her eyes had full access to my erection, and Anna spread her legs to show me her glistening pink slit. She resumed playing with herself, sliding her fingers up and down, then inside. She noticed I was just watching. "Keep going, Grant," she urged me.
I had a kinky idea, though. "I need some lubrication, I think," I said slowly.
Anna didn't stop fingering herself. "Yeah?"
"Give me your hand," I said. She was very confused at first, offering me her left hand, while it was her right I wanted. "No," I told her, "the other one. I want to rub myself with your juices."
Her eyes got wide and she gave a big smile. "Oh, I see. That's so hot." She worked herself a little more, gathering some of her natural lubrication with her right hand, and then held it up for me. I took her hand in mine, trying to get as much girl-juice as I could in my hand, and then rubbed it on my cock. It wasn't much, but it now glistened a little like her pussy.
Her hand went straight back between her legs, resuming her work there. I watched avidly, giving myself a nice tug, feeling the slickness of her wetness between my hand and the skin of my dick. It felt so much nicer than any artificial lubricant could ever hope to. Anna bit her lip and worked herself faster. I did my best to keep up with her rhythm, and we both watched each other closely.
"I was thinking this morning," she said, not letting up.
It seemed like an odd time to chat, but I took the bait. "About what?"
"About you and my mom. I thought if you married her, you know what that would make you?"
I knew what she was going to say before she said it. Just the thought of that word made me get so close, and I could tell that it was driving her just as crazy. She panted out, right on the edge of her climax, "You'd... be... my.... DADDY!"
Watching each other masturbate, and now hearing her say the word out loud, we both came hard. She flung her head back and her legs clenched together around her hand. I came so hard, and I was pointed just the right direction, spurts of my semen flew onto the bed, landing on her stomach, then her knee, then her calf. I held myself against the dresser until my dizzy spell concluded. I looked at Anna, and watched her examine the jizz spots on her body. I'd now cum on an eighteen-year-old girl, and I'd only ever touched her hand.
To my surprise, she scooped up one splotch with her finger and brought it to her mouth. Her eyes closed for just a second while she analyzed the flavor. "Not too bad," she surmised. "I'd heard it was salty, but it's kinda tasty."
"There's more where that came from, if you like it so much," I said, "But maybe later."
"That's okay, Grant. You wore me out too." She hopped up from the bed, leaving a wet spot behind. She grabbed the boxers she'd removed minutes before. "You don't mind if I keep these, do you?"
I shook my head. "I've got more."
"Yes you do," she agreed. "Check in your bedside table there," she pointed.
I opened the drawer. Inside was a little pink wad of cloth. I picked them up to find they were Anna's panties. "Is this a gift for me?"
"Yup." She had dressed quickly and now skipped over to me, while I was still naked. "They're used, smell them," she whispered, then quickly bounced out of the room. "Bye!"
I stood there, stunned, holding her worn panties, and listened to Anna exit through the back door. I couldn't resist; I held the lacy panties to my face. They smelled like her wet, tight pussy, like sweet flowers, like the natural juices I'd slathered on my now-relaxing dick.
I came to one conclusion. I said it out loud to my empty bedroom. "God, I need to fuck that girl."