The weekend finally arrived, and I was glad it did, having not seen my love all week who was busy signing multi-million dollar deals, appearing on TV to promote his new project which was some luxurious automobile. I had missed him so dearly, missed having him kiss me, hold me, and rail me like the slut that i was.
I was laying in bed, wearing absolutely nothing but a collar and a leash with a pair of heels I bought using my husband's credit card. I heard our private penthouse elevator ding and knew he was home. I was excited to finally see him after a week. My body craved for him to devour, and it was what I needed right now. The entire week consisted of me staying at home, waiting for my husband and masturbating all week while I wore his branded shirts, so his scent would be here with me.
He walked upstairs, and I could hear his steps as he walked down the hallway. He entered our master bedroom, looking so handsome and sexy in his branded suit. His reaction to my body laid out for him was exactly what I wanted.
"Hello Darling, tough day at work?" I murmur innocently, as if I wasn't naked with a collar and leash.
"Hello Aria...work was okay" He answered, gazing at my body as I got off the bed, striding towards him and leaning up to capture his lips for a rough and hot kiss, letting our tongue fight for dominance but losing to him.
"Mmm...I missed you so much...I'm so wet for you." I moan against his lips, moving down to his neck as I removed his coat and let it fall behind him.
My hands unbuttoned his shirt swiftly, kissing down his chiselled chest, trailing down his ripped abs while I slowly kneeled and found his pants. I leaned forward against his crotch, my hands behind my back, biting off his button and spitting it away before looking up at him with my seductive expression. I used my teeth to pull his zip down and then reached up with my hand to tug his pants off.
I waited a week for this, to watch his delicious 8-inch thick cock fall out and gaze at it, making me even more wet by just looking at it. Leaning forward, I place my face against his family jewels - which was what I called his balls and took a deep whiff of his raw manhood scent, sucking in each ball gingerly as I looked up at him innocently. My right hand comes up, wrapping around his shaft and stroking it with a twisting motion while I sucked on his family jewels. I heard him moan for me, letting me know how I made him feel.
"Fuck! Just like that, babygirl!" He moans out as I sucked each ball and pulled away with a popping sound.
I began to lick from his base, going up to his tip and gently pushing my tongue against the slit of his cock while my hands massaged his family jewels.
I felt his hand behind my head, knowing what was going to come next as he began to fuck my throat. I took him whole, deep and raw, feeling his delicious cock hit the back of my throat as I gagged on it. As he pulled out, I was ready for the tradition pause during a throat fuck of slapping his spit glistened cock across my face with my tongue out. He was letting me know I was his slut.
He buried his cock in my throat again and resumed to fucking it for a few minutes, letting me know I was going to be used for his pleasure - which in return gave me pleasure. He grunts as he began to shoot strand after strand of warm and thick cum down my throat, emptying his family jewels and filling up my stomach with his seed. I knew I was in for a night of hot fucking. As I look up at him, swallowing his delicious cum while I lick my lips for him in a seductive manner, waiting for him to fuck my cunt and ass next, but I watch him sigh and walk over out the room.
"That was amazing. I'm going to watch the race." He says as he takes his robe, tying the band around his waist and leaving the room.
I was shocked. I was frustrated. I was mad. After an entire week, I only get that? What the fuck? I was fuming as I sat there on the floor, my breathing quick. I wanted to scream and break something. My slutty subconscious smirks at me, giving me an idea.
I get up and pull on a fishnet tub - as if that covered me, heading out the bedroom as I watched him sitting on the couch, watching his Formula 1 race when he could be railing me around the house.
"I'm going to down to level 88. I'm spending the night at Antoine's, so I can have a real man fuck me since you won't!"
I stride towards the elevator, giving my husband a view of my body and what he was missing tonight. 15 minutes later, my leash was tied to his bed and Antoine was railing my cunt while he yanked my hair back.
"NNGGHHH! FUCK ME! AHHH! DEEPER ANTOINE!" I scream and moan out, my eyes rolling to the back of my head as I felt him hit my good spot over and over.
I needed to get back at my husband, so I reach for my phone and opened the camera app, selecting the selfie camera and recording a video as Antoine pounded my cunt while I moaned and screamed his name deliriously.
Once the video was done, I send it to my husband, putting my phone aside and enjoying as Antoine drilled into me. Moments later, I received a text from my husband, opening it to see he sent me a picture of his cock being rock hard. He was teasing me; that cocky asshole!
The entire night consisted of Antoine railing me in his bedroom, his kitchen, on his piano and even against his window for the world to see. I recorded videos whenever I can and sent them to that cocky asshole, letting him know exactly what was happening and how it was happening. After a dozen orgasms, Antoine wanted to record a video and send it to my husband.
I handed him my phone and he had me in doggy style, ass up and head down as he recorded my pussy, leaking cum from all the time he released in me. He used his finger to take a good amount from my cunt and transferred it into my asshole, finger fucking me as I screamed and moaned while he did so.
"Mmmm! Fuck me! You're so sexy, amour! I'm your slut!"
The video ends after he enters my asshole, using his cum to lube me up, which I had to admit was darn sexy. We collapsed and fell asleep, only to wake up at 7 and go for another long round of railing around the house. It was around 8 when the elevator dinged and my husband walked in, only to see me bent over the coffee table with Antoine's foot on my face as he railed my asshole.
My husband had the view from behind, so he watched as a strange man drilled his wife's ass, his balls slapping my cunt and I just moaned and moaned his name.
"NNGGHHH! FUCK ME AMOUR! FUCK YOUR SLUT! AHHH! IM CUMMING!"
After I squirt all over his carpet, and he releases in my ass, I get up and see my husband standing there. I knew it was time to leave. I pull on one of Antoine's shirt without buttoning it, walking over to my husband barefoot, and he could see cum leak out of my pussy. I turn around and kiss Antoine in front of my husband and as I lean up to kiss him, he sees cum leaking out of my ass.
"au revoir, tu étais incroyable mon amour" (good bye, you were amazing my love)
He goes back to his room, probably to sleep for the rest of the day since he barely got any last night. I turn and look at my husband with a grin on my face and smelling like cum
"Hello darling, what do you want to do today?" I asked, as if it was normal to pick up your wife from another man's house after being railed all night.