A bikini-clad Ana de Armas placed a towel beside the pool and got down to rest on her stomach. The only other person present at the pool was her male companion, who she was expecting but didn't arrive until she had gotten into the previously described position. He took his time admiring her curves and stopped just short of reaching her spot. She turned her head to him and smiled. The Cuban woman was beyond beautiful in her bikini. Her alluring eyes and smile were nothing less than art to the man.
He sat on the edge of the pool beside her and asked "Just us here today?"
Ana nodded in confirmation. The man couldn't help but admire Ana's perfectly tanned skin. His gaze elicited a giggle out of her.
He grabbed a bottle of sunblock and held it up.
"May I?"
She shrugged, "I put some on before I got here, but it's up to you."
"Alright, then let's make sure you didn't miss any spots."
The man winked. Ana flipped over and held her open palm over her eyebrows to block the sun from her eyes. Her friend, meanwhile, poured some sunblock onto his hand, then placed the bottle down and rubbed the substance onto both hands. He then began massaging her body, starting with her shoulders and upper chest. Whether or not she had in fact applied sunblock before he arrived wasn't important as she knew he just wanted an excuse to put his hands on her marvelous body, and she was more than happy to play along. He worked his way through her upper body all the way to her beautiful, shapely legs.
Ana liked his touch, but found it difficult to admit to herself that it was turning her on. Before long, she found herself lost in the sensation. For his part, the man was thoroughly enjoying the feel of her soft skin on his hands. He ever so slowly dragged his hands across her thighs, lingering upon every inch along the way. He noticed how she began to subtly respond to his touch with a smile that couldn't hide her enjoyment.
She then requested meekly, "Could you... get some more on my... stomach... please?"
He grabbed the bottle and poured some more lotion on his hands. He promptly started working it all over her torso. Gently, softly, he was making sure she felt every part of his palm and fingers making contact with her. She was going to have plenty of time to feel everything with how in awe he was of her perfectly toned stomach. After two minutes that felt like twenty, Ana could no longer maintain total restraint of herself. She let out a quiet gasp and bit her lip. Noticing this, he began running his hands over her bikini top as well, drawing more intense sounds from Ana.
"I don't think I asked you to go there," she remarked breathily.
Before he could apologize, she giggled and announced she was going to turn over. He could barely contain his disappointment before completely forgetting it upon realizing he had access to her gorgeous backside. By that point, he had used up the sunblock he'd put in his hands and the bottle was running low.
He informed her, "The good news is you're definitely not getting a sunburn today. The bad news is that I'm almost out of sunblock."
Ana turned back to look at him with a look of possibly feigned sadness on her face.
"You put on sunblock, right?" she asked.
"I'll be alright," he reassured her as he began working his magic on her shoulders.
He would have gone straight for her ass if he thought he could get away with it. Regardless, what had started as a simple sunblock application had turned into a thorough and surprisingly relaxing massage of which Ana was enjoying every second. It became a different kind of enjoyment once Ana felt something press against her leg through his shorts. In most situations, she would have stopped him immediately, but here she was already hoping the massage would be going where he also wanted it to go. She couldn't help but smile imagining how aroused he must've been by the up-close view of her tight, sexy ass.
By then, he had moved down from her shoulders and upper back to her waist and hips. It wasn't long before he made a first pass at massaging her buttcheeks.
"Before you do that," she said, "take off my bottoms."
He gladly obliged, sliding them all the way down to her feet before removing them and placing them aside. He returned his attention and his touch to the task at hand in no time.
"You're okay with this?" he questioned.
"I am, yes," she replied. "And while you're at it, take your shorts off too."
The man was shocked, but Ana told him to act before she changed her mind, putting any hesitation on his part to rest. Needing no further encouragement, he resumed his work, this time directly on her ass. He savored Ana's ass as thoroughly as he possibly could, treating it as the most perfect thing that has ever existed. She basked in the feeling of his hands on her ass while a small moan escaped her lips. One hand began roaming cautiously to the area between her legs. Ana stopped him so she could get on her knees, then permitted him to keep going. With her tight ass pointed right at him, he didn't need to be told twice. He continued rubbing her ass with one hand while his other hand began exploring the outer lips of her increasingly wet pussy.
"Oh fuck..." she whispered.
"Is this alright? I'm just now realizing I should've asked before doing this."
"We're good, carry on," she encouraged.
"Why did you have me take my shorts off, out of curiosity?"
Ana turned her head to make eye contact with him.
"I want you to fuck me."
The man's eyes widened in disbelief as he tried to process what he just heard.
"Should, uh... shouldn't I use a condom?"
"I'm on the pill. I suggest we get started now before I change my mind."
"Okay," he replied. "Just one thing first"
Before she could realize what he was doing, his tongue was all over her labia and clit. Her only response was a much louder moan than she had let out up to that point. He put his hands on her ass cheeks and squeezed for leverage. It didn't take much more effort on his part before she started shrieking. His oral skills generated all types of noise from Ana, who couldn't get enough. Finally, he lined up his cock along her pussy and pushed slowly inside her.
"Fuck, you're tight," he muttered, giving her sexy ass a spank once he was all the way in.
"M-more!" she begged.
He smiled and spanked her ass again a few more times. He then leaned in to kiss her neck and play with her nipples as she moaned louder and louder.
He jokingly remarked, "More? I just started."
His hands continued roaming her body as he picked up his thrusting pace. Ana was enjoying every inch of him. She muttered some Spanish profanities under her breath. He didn't know enough Spanish to consider himself fluent, but he could still tell he was doing a good job. He slowed just enough to flip her onto her back, then continued fucking her while she clawed at his back in ecstasy. She wrapped her slender legs around his waist and pulled tightly in sync with each of his thrusts.
Ana moaned in total delirium as he continued to pleasure her with each thrust. She pulled his head down to her breasts, encouraging him without having to say a word to suck on her nipples. He put his mouth to work without hesitation. He loved the reaction his tongue and lips drew from her, in addition to his thrusts. Gently, he gripped one of her nipples in his teeth. He pinched the other nipple with his fingers, and proceeded to stimulate both simultaneously.
"Oh God," she exclaimed. "Harder!"
He eagerly obliged, picking up his thrusting intensity.
She announced, "I'm cumming!"
As she came, Ana squeezed his cock with all her might. Even if he wanted to pull out, she made it impossible. A few strained squeals escaped her lips as clear fluids erupted from her pussy. The man wasn't close to reaching his orgasm yet before she came, but she was making it so. He slowed considerably to give her a break and allow her to recover. As she started to come out of her orgasmic bliss, she opened her eyes to find him looking down at her with a mischievous smile.
"Having fun?"
She rolled her eyes as she panted like a dog.
"I'm getting on top now."
As they positioned themselves in the new arrangement, he reached out for her breasts before she stopped him, and locked her fingers with his on both hands. She then began kissing his upper body, much to his approval.
"Could you let one of my hands free?" he asked.
When she released one of his hands, he gave Ana's tight ass a hard spank. She bit her lip in arousal, which made his member twitch as it re-entered her. He then began rubbing her clit with his free hand as she began riding him. Ana moaned loudly and encouraged him to keep going.
"Probably won't be able to for long," he remarked. "I'm close."
Having now recovered from her own amazing orgasm, and still intoxicated with lust, Ana shot a naughty smile at him and proceeded to try and give everything she had. The man rested both his hands upon her perfectly shaped ass cheeks and squeezed delicately as she rode him with vigor. The gentle grip gradually strengthened while she increased the pace. It didn't take long after Ana had reached a steady, moderately quick pace before the man reached his climax. He moved his hands to her waist and pulled her down, not having allowed himself enough time to let her prepare until he had already shot his first generous load of cum deep inside of her pussy. She bit her lip and shot him a knowing look, letting him know how it felt to have his load flooding her pussy. She then leaned down to lock lips with him. He was still catching his breath and about to apologize, but her reaction gave him some relief. She was willing to cut him some slack since he was still hard.
"Couldn't help yourself?" she asked with a teasing smile.
"I- well, no," he shrugged, "but that felt amazing."
He ran his hands over Ana's torso and gathered himself for another go. The man began stirring beneath Ana and then resumed slowly thrusting into her. The sensation of his cum dripping down her inner walls like raindrops on a window added significantly to her arousal.
She replied, "It did. Feels much better than sunblock, don't you think?"
"Much better," he laughed.