I averaged two art classes per week during the two 5-week summer sessions. Going to Katherine's office after each class became my regular routine. I kept her updated on my schedule, and, except for two days in early July, she was always there when I arrived. I would strip completely and masturbate to completion for her just as I had done those first two times. If Amber was working for her at the time, she would always come in and watch as well.
The second summer session was ending the first week of August. I did a long pose for a beginning figure drawing class, knowing that it was my last modeling gig until the fall semester started up. When it ended, I took some extra time on the platform to stretch my numb legs. I caught one of the girls watching me massage my thigh, the motion of which caused my cock to bounce just a bit. We smiled at each other, and she went about her business of packing up her drawing materials. It felt so good to be naked and free. I love my modeling job, I thought to myself. It would be another three weeks before I got another chance to model, but I took solace in the hope that I would see Jessica soon. Surely, she had gone home just for the summer and that she would resume her classes in the fall.
As I walked across campus after class, I relived my experience with Jessica in Katherine's Human Sexuality research project, how she looked, how she tasted, how she felt, so that by the time I reached Katherine's office, I had a throbbing erection straining to get out of my shorts. Amber's spot was vacant, and I felt some disappointment. I had grown to love masturbating with her in Katherine's office. It was great with just Katherine, but the fact that she and I were alone together made it more intimate. With Amber, I felt more like a performer, and I wondered what it would have been like to masturbate in front of that whole class. Of course, the sex with Jessica was exponentially better than mere masturbation would have been.
Katherine looked up wordlessly when I entered. Each meeting had featured fewer and fewer words between us. I closed the door and immediately stripped off my clothes. My erection popped out and bobbed up and down as I removed my denim shorts. Katherine's eyes, as always, sparkled as she watched. I took my cock in my hand and gave a few long, slow strokes. A drop of pre-cum emerged, and I used that to lube myself for the faster stroking. Katherine leaned back, put one hand behind her head and kept the other one in her lap. I stroked progressively faster until I exploded into one of Katherine's tissues.
"Bravo!" Katherine said as I tried to regain my breath.
"Thank you," I said.
"You are most welcome."
I threw the tissue away and started getting dressed.
"Are you busy Saturday?" Katherine asked.
"No, not so far," I replied.
"I'm throwing a big end of summer party at my house, and I'd love for you to come."
Katherine and I had always avoided any talk of a personal nature, so I had never even wondered what her house was like. But now that she had mentioned it, I was curious.
"Who all is going to be there?" I asked.
"A lot of people from the psychology department. Students and faculty. And some of my patrons—the ones who helped fund my study. I know a few of them would love to meet you."
I nodded and said, "OK."
"Wonderful!" She grabbed a card from her desk and wrote her address on the back. "Party starts at 4:00, but feel free to come early or late."
I took the card from her, glancing at the address but not recognizing the name of the street.
"Do I need to bring anything?" I asked.
"No, no, just your wonderful self."
"OK." I stood in her office for a moment, fully clothed and feeling somewhat sad that the summer classes had ended. "Thank you for this summer," I finally managed.
"Thank you, Dan. I enjoyed it as much as you did. The fall semester is a lot busier than the summer, so it might be difficult for you to get in. But maybe a few times though..."
I nodded and said, "All right. Well, I'll see you Saturday."
"Good. I look forward to it."
I left, and the first thing I did when I got home was look up Katherine's address on Google Maps. Using the street view, it looked to be in an average middle class neighborhood.
I worked at my parts desk job on Thursday and Friday evenings, but my thoughts kept straying to the party. How many people would be there? And what would they be wearing? That got me wondering what I should wear. Four o'clock seemed early to be starting a formal party, and it was Texas in August. Surely casual shorts and a polo shirt would be appropriate in what would probably be one hundred degree weather.
I'm almost always early everywhere I go, but I didn't want to be the first person at the party. So I forced myself to wait until 4:00 before leaving my apartment and arrived at Katherine's house at twenty after. There were quite a few cars parked on the street, and I wound up having to park about a block away. The nervous jittery feelings started as I walked to her front door. I never liked being in crowds of people, especially people I don't know. I'm basically an introvert, and one of the advantages of modeling for art classes (besides getting to be naked) is that I get to spend three hours inside just my own head.
There was a note taped to Katherine's front door that said, "We are in the back. Please use the gate on the left side of the house and let yourself in." I could hear the sound of laughter and splashing as I walked around to Katherine's back yard. She hadn't said anything about this being a pool party, and there had been no pool on the satellite view of her house on Google. But a pool there was, and, for a residential pool, it was pretty big. Twenty or so people sat or milled about on the patio, and I counted six in the pool. A tall middle aged man was grilling burgers and hot dogs. I stopped and took in the scene for a minute or two before I heard Katherine calling my name.
"Dan, there you are," she said, rushing forward, taking my arm, and leading me toward the patio. "I'm so glad you could make it."
"Me too," I said, although I wasn't too sure about that.
"I want to introduce you to some people." Katherine led me to the man at the grill. "Gene," she said to him, "this is Dan. Dan, this is my husband Gene."
He set his tongs down and held out his hand.
"Good to meet you," he said as we shook. "Katherine's told me a lot about you."
"She has?" I said, still reeling from the revelation that Katherine was married. Why hadn't she ever mentioned that any of the dozen or so times I had jacked off for her?
"Oh yes. This research project is a big deal for her, and you helped her out greatly." Gene finally let go of my hand and resumed his grilling. "You make yourself at home."
"Thank you," I replied.
I saw Amber sitting by the pool as Katherine introduced me to three couples. Two of the ladies were presidents of a couple of different foundations, but I forgot which as soon as Katherine told me. Amber gave me a little wave when she and I saw each other, but she didn't get up. Guests were still arriving, and they seemed to be evenly split between college aged psychology students and older, middle aged academic types. Once Katherine finished introducing me to whomever she considered VIPs, she told me to enjoy myself and to feel free to get in the pool.
"I didn't know this was going to be a pool party," I said.
"Oh yeah. We just had that installed over the winter, and I love it," Katherine boasted.
"But I didn't bring a bathing suit."
Katherine shrugged and said, "You don't need one."
"Well, I'd rather not have to wear wet clothes home."
"So take them off silly," she said and laughed.
I scanned the still gathering crowd and noticed that all of them were conservatively dressed. One girl in the pool had on a rather skimpy bikini; the rest wore one piece bathing suits, with the guys wearing full swim trunks. I did a quick count and out of about thirty people, twenty of them were female.
"You know you want to," Katherine said.
"Is this an experiment?" I asked.
"Maybe."
"Nobody will freak out?"
"Oh, they know me and know the kind of research I've been doing. The sight of an attractive naked man shouldn't faze them. Some of them may even like it."
I couldn't believe I was really thinking about doing this. And I also couldn't believe that I found the thought of it exciting.
"Do you have a towel?" I asked.
"They're on the cart by the back door. Here, I'll show where to change and leave your clothes."
I followed Katherine into the house, grabbing a towel off the cart as we went inside. The back door opened into the breakfast area by the kitchen, which was decorated in a wine/grapevine motif. There was a collection of unopened wine bottles on the bar overlooking a living area. Katherine led me to the right and into the master bedroom.
"You can change here," she said. "Just leave your clothes on the bed."
"You're sure this is OK?" I said as she started to leave.
"Of course. It's my house and my party."
She smiled and closed the door. I threw the towel on the bed and started undressing, looking at the photos on the wall as I did so. One of them featured a much younger Katherine and Gene along with two teenage boys. I wondered how old the boys were now. I stood naked in Katherine's room for a couple of minutes, enjoying the feeling of freedom that I always felt whenever I took my clothes off. I wrapped the towel around my waist, made sure it wouldn't fall off, and headed back toward the pool.
Another six people had shown up, all of them college students. Two of the girls were removing their outer clothes next to a lounge chair, but even they had one piece bathing suits on under those clothes. I caught Katherine's eye as she talked to one of the VIP couples. She motioned for me to get into the pool with her fingers. I nodded and slowly made my way to an empty chair close to the deep end. I stood beside it for a moment and took a look around. No one besides Katherine seemed to be paying any attention to me. I took a deep breath, took the towel off, and set it on the chair. Feeling vulnerable and very naked, I immediately stepped off and into the pool, splashing as I submerged into nine feet of water. The pool felt good on a hot day, and the sensation of being naked instead of bogged down by a bulky swim suit was exquisite. I swam underwater for a few seconds before coming up and grabbing onto the side of the pool. I looked around, curious about the reaction to my display. Everyone was still talking and laughing as they had done before. Katherine saw me and winked. I gave her a discrete wave back.
"Hi," a voice behind me said.
I turned and saw the girl in the skimpy bikini treading water beside me. She had shoulder length dark brown hair and striking green eyes. I knew I had seen her before, but I couldn't place where.
"Hi," I said. "How are you?"
"I'm good." She moved to the edge and grabbed hold of the concrete lip. "My name is Liz."
"I'm Dan. Good to meet you."
We stared at each other in silence for a few seconds. She was thin, with small pointy breasts. The top of her swimsuit seemed to be just a tad too large, and I thought that if I watched her long enough, I would see a glimpse of nipple in the gaps.
"I was in Dr. Tate's research group," she finally said.
"Oh?" And then, when I realized what she meant, I said, "Ohhh."
"Yeah." Liz smiled sheepishly and looked around. "Is she here? Your girlfriend?"
"Jessica? No, she's not my girlfriend."
"She's not? Why not? What you did to her was... Fuck, it was amazing."
"She went home for the summer."
"Is she coming back?"
"I don't know," I said. "I hope so."
We floated at the edge of the pool, holding on to the edge, gazing at each other.
"That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen," she finally said.
"Thank you." I didn't know what else to say.
"I wished that could have been me."
Then it hit me who she was. "You were wearing a Joan Jett t-shirt."
"Yeah. You remember me?"
"Oh yeah," I said with a smile.
Liz blushed and looked away again. Then she looked down in the water at me.
"You're naked."
"Yeah," I said.
She laughed. "Wow. You have no fear, do you?"
"No, I do. It feels weird being the only naked person here. I think Katherine - Dr. Tate - set me up."
Liz laughed again. "Do you want to be the only naked person here?"
"Well, not really. I like being naked, but being the only one seems..." I couldn't find the words for a few seconds. "Weird."
"Well, I could get naked too. If you wanted. I just, I think you're awfully brave, and if you want some support, I'd like to, you know..."
I remembered her reactions to mine and Jessica's display in Katherine's class, seeing and hearing her get herself off. The memory of it was enough to get my blood pumping. Liz looked down at me in the water again and smiled.
"I think you like that idea," she said, reaching behind her head and untying her bikini top. She removed it and tossed it up on the chair where I had left my towel. I looked at her breasts and saw that her small nipples had contracted into little erect points. But I didn't get a chance to look at them long before she bent down and slipped her bottoms off under water and flipped them up onto the chair too.
"There," she said. "Now you shouldn't feel so weird."
I smiled, gazing at her body in the water. I couldn't see any pubic hair, but it was difficult to see for sure.
"Now, if we really wanted to be brave, we would get out and go get ourselves something to eat," I joked.
"I'll go if you go."
I looked down and saw that I still had an erection. "I don't know if I should get out like this."
Liz smiled, gazing at me. "You have a beautiful cock."
Her talking about it wasn't going to help me, but I smiled and said, "Thank you."
"Can I touch it?"
Even though we had just met, I felt an excitement being with Liz. I knew part of that was the experience at Katherine's class, but she was also very pretty, with the sexiest green eyes I had ever seen.
"Sure," I said.
Liz touched the tip of my cock and slowly ran her fingertips down the top, stopping at the base. She then moved her fingers down and forward, finally grasping my entire dick. Her touch was soft and smooth. I looked around at the party guests, talking and drinking and eating. No one seemed to notice what we were doing.
"You like that?" Liz said.
"Yeah."
"Do you want to touch me?"
"Yes," I said, "but I wouldn't be able to stop myself if I did."
Liz floated closer to me, moving her hips forward and brushing her pubic mound with the tip of my cock. "Maybe I wouldn't want you to stop," she said.
"But we just met."
"So? To tell you the truth, I've thought about you a lot the past two and a half months."
I was about to say something else when I heard Katherine's voice.
"Dan. Liz. I see you two have met."
Liz let go of my cock and floated away just a bit. We both looked up at Katherine standing by the side of the pool.
"That's wonderful," Katherine continued. "There's somebody else I'd like you to meet."
Liz and I looked at each other, and Katherine added, "Both of you."
We shrugged.
"OK," I said.
I grabbed the side of the pool and pushed myself up and out, my still semi-hard cock bouncing in the sunshine. I turned grasped Liz's hand and helped her out of the pool. She had a big grin on her face as we stood up and looked at the party guests, most of whom were now watching us. Being wet and naked in the Texas heat felt wonderful and free and exciting.
"She's over here," Katherine said and led us toward the patio.
Trying to be gallant, I waited for Liz before following behind her.
Liz was completely shaved or waxed, with small but lean muscular legs and a tight round ass. I took pleasure in watching her naked buttocks as she walked. The two dimples in her lower back just above her ass were amazingly sexy.
"Michelle," Katherine said to a thirtyish blonde drinking from a frozen margarita, "this is Dan, the male subject in the study."
Michelle smiled and me and looked straight at my swinging semi-hard cock as I walked up to her.
"Very pleased to meet you," she said, offering her hand.
I hesitated for just an instant before shaking her hand. "Sorry, I'm wet from the pool."
"That's quite all right," she replied. Her gaze remained on my dick which got harder the longer she looked at it.
"And this is Liz," Katherine continued. "She was one of the voyeur subjects."
Michelle glanced away from my cock for just long enough to acknowledge Liz.
"A pleasure," she said to her.
"Nice to meet you," Liz said with a smile.
I looked around and noticed that most people were looking at Liz's naked body, and from her grin, she seemed to love the attention.
"I wish I could have been there," Michelle mused.
"Well, your generous contribution helped make it happen," Katherine said.
"Yes, well, it is wonderful to see Dan in the flesh. So to speak." Michelle and Katherine looked at each other and laughed.
"Thank you," I said. My cock was completely hard now.
"Would you do something for me?" Michelle asked.
I shrugged. "Depends on what it is."
Michelle blushed and looked at Katherine, then at the rest of the guests who had all gathered around and were watching us.
"Would you do some jumping jacks?"
"Jumping jacks?" I said.
Michelle nodded. I looked around at everyone. Liz had a smirk on her face. She stepped aside to give me room.
"OK," I said, and started jumping, my hands going above my head with each jump. My cock bounced and slapped against my belly with each repetition, and I heard people laughing. Michelle squealed with delight.
"That's amazing," she said.
People were counting now, so I kept jumping, stopping when I got to thirty.
"Thank you," Michelle said once I had caught my breath. "Thanks for being a good sport. It was very nice to meet you."
"Nice to meet you too," I said.
Michelle turned to Katherine, and they both laughed as they walked into the house. Liz stepped over to me gazing at my hard cock.
"It's never going to go down with you looking at it like that," I said, shaking my head.
"Sorry," she said, but she didn't stop looking.
"Are you hungry?"
"Oh yeah," she replied.
"Well then," I took her hand and led her to the grill.
Gene was grinning when we arrived.
"Now I see what Katherine sees in you," he said with a laugh.
I probably blushed, but I let it slide. Liz and I made ourselves burgers, and we found a pair of chairs by the side of the pool where we could eat them.
"Are you a student?" I asked Liz.
"Oh yeah. Psychology major. We all were. All of us in that class that you did."
"I didn't realize I did the class. I thought I just did Jessica."
Liz laughed. "Jessica. That was her name."
"Yeah."
"I know she had fun."
I shrugged. "I wouldn't know. I haven't seen her since that class."
"Really? Damn, I would have gone home with you after that."
"Well, Jessica is a complex girl."
Liz took a bite of her burger and said, "I'm a complex girl too. But damn, that was hot. I can't believe she didn't want some more of that," Liz said, motioning to my cock which, thankfully, had finally lost its erect state.
Just talking with Liz made me question my entire thoughts about trying to start some kind of relationship with Jessica. How could she have just walked away from Katherine's sexuality research, from me, without a single word after what had happened?
"So what did you really think of Katherine's presentation?" I asked.
Liz looked at me for quite a long time as a smile slowly formed on her face. "It was amazing. You looked so hot, and when you put your mouth on Jessica, down there, after you came...oh my God. I wanted that to be me. Even in front of all those people. Especially in front of all those people. I guess that makes me more of an exhibitionist than a voyeur."
I looked around at the party and saw that it had returned to something close to normal. Liz and I were no longer the centers of attention, although we did get a few glances our way. We were still the only two naked people there though.
"Do you think I'm sexy?" Liz asked, and she leaned back in her chair, straightening her legs so that I could see all of her. Her breasts were still perky with small, hard nipples; her belly was flat with a small ring piercing her belly button; her pussy was smooth and soft with a hint of pink inner labia poking out between the folds of her slit; and her legs were strong and muscular.
"Oh yeah," I said.
"Sexy enough to model for the art classes you do?"
"Sure," I replied after swallowing a bite of my hamburger. "But you don't have to be sexy to model for those classes. They like a wide variety of body types. And they try to keep sex out of those classes."
"I was thinking about signing up," Liz said. "After seeing you and Jessica."
"Rhia is the model coordinator. Remind me, and I'll give you her number."
"Cool."
We ate and talked about nothing important. I enjoyed looking at Liz's body, but even more than that, I loved catching her looking at my cock. Whenever I did catch her, she would run the tip of her tongue along her upper teeth. We started talking about the different guests at the party, laughing whenever one of us said something funny.
"It's nice to see you two getting along," Katherine said as she approached us.
"Yeah," I said. "Liz is awesome."
Liz blushed when I said that.
"It's really nice of you to be naked and vulnerable like Dan is," Katherine said to her.
"Well, I didn't want him to have all the fun."
"Speaking of fun, please feel free to have as much as you want."
Katherine gave me a little wink and strode off to another group of guests.
"What was that supposed to mean?" I asked.
"I think she wants us to do it and give her guests a show," Liz said.
I nearly choked on my last bite of burger as Liz said this. I took a drink and got the burger swallowed.
"I've had her for two semesters," Liz continued, "and she's very... provocative."
From my more limited experience with Katherine, I had to agree. She had certainly encouraged Jessica and me in her big presentation.
"How can we tell for sure?" I asked.
Liz scooted her butt forward in her chair and spread her legs. "You could go down on me and see what she does."
"Right here?"
"And right now," Liz finished.
"She didn't put you up to this?" I asked, remembering how Katherine and Jessica seemed to have shared secrets about the full extent of her sexuality research.
"No, this is my idea. Come on."
Liz raised up, pulled the chair cushion out from under herself and dropped it on the pool deck between her feet. I took a look around at the rest of the party. Several of them had noticed Liz's spread legs and were looking at us. I looked back at Liz's delicious looking pussy, her pink labia fully visible now.
"Diver down," I whispered and dropped to my knees on the cushion.
To be continued...