Friday evening. The night before the High School Slave for a Day Charity auction.
Monica Gift needed a bit of downtime after the events she had achieved this week. Between yearbook photos, challenging her Braless Brigade of slutty followers, dealing with a lusty photographer, body painters, and counselling warring lovers, she required this simple pleasure. Pleasure, namely a thirty minute bubble bath accompanied by soft music. Keeping the volume down so as not to wake her slumbering Mother in the living room. Relaxing though her bubbles may have been, her thoughts ran the gambit of everything she had done this week. It gave her goosebumps realizing just how much she had gotten away with. Including standing directly in front of her Principal wearing only body paint from the waist down. Going so far as to perform a patriotic masturbation in front of the American flag on the schools front lawn before an audience of half her schoolmates. Some teachers that knew of her exploits right along beside them. She felt invincible.
So invincible in fact that she felt that even if the faculty did object to her antics should the news spread to undesirables, especially Principal Janson they would turn the other cheek. What she had done in front of him was going straight into the yearbook. Her photographer ally Jimmy Newton sneaking a picture of her kneeling on the lawn in front of Janson appearing as if giving him a blowjob. So perfect.
What worried her more was her promise to Jimmy Newton. Every girl that he took a picture of in some hidden sexual display had to agree to spend some time with him as he chose to want it. Time meaning something sexual. He being a confirmed virgin that meant Monica had to come through for the poor guy. Some of her Braless Brigade were all for it. Others who found him repulsive were on the edge. The cheerleaders especially. She would need to really work her magic on those hotties.
With the school year only a few months from ending and that delicious diploma of freedom in her hand, Monica prayed that she could continue without any complications. Luckily every student that had ever seen, heard, fucked her were rallying to her side, keeping silent or denying her acts of sluttiness if questioned by those not needing to know. Namely the female teachers. Most of them were older and unaccustomed to such displays. Monica Gift wanted it to stay that way. She would take any punishment she ran into. With her dad Aaron Gift in her corner she might just luck out. With his fascination for incest she maintained his loyalty. He was damn good in bed.
Now, with the auction tomorrow she stressed over who might buy her services. She knew every guy that had ever had her would want to bid on her, but she truly hoped it would be someone new. Someone that she could tease so hard that they would ravage her body like never before. Her hormones were living on overdrive every minute of every day. Her luck, a female might outbid everyone. Thankfully, her parents had promised not to attend and let her actually know what real work was. Having never had a job in her life she laughed at the idea. Her idea of real work was getting guys off without much effort. What effort she did display paid off in spades. Men never went home disappointed. At least not that she was aware of.
If she did get stuck pulling weeds for someone, you can bet she was going to do it in a string bikini. No one was going to tell her different. She intended to wear one under her t-shirt and shorts. Not just any t-shirt either. She was wearing white with the printed words SLAVE FOR A DAY with the rounded part of the D scratched off but looking suspiciously like SLAVE OF THE LAY. That should get the bids cranking like Wall Street on a busy week.
"Please no nursing home administrator wanting me to feed old people green Jell-O. I'll just die."
Finishing her soak she uses her toes to release the water and crawls out to dry off. Wrapping herself in a short towel she primps at her freshly washed wet hair and uses alcohol pads on her facial pores to prevent acne. She had always had a perfect complexion, but she used them none the less. Why take the risk right?
Bored after what few things she could do stuck there in the bathroom she eases the door open and tiptoes toward the living room. Her mother was still snoring away on the sofa with the television on. With her back facing outward, Monica found the courage to prowl the house in her towel. She found it hilarious that after all these years of preaching to Monica about not leaving the TV on when not watching it, here Charlotte Gift was sleeping to Worst Chefs in America. Who in the hell watches that crap? Booooorrrring! No wonder her mother passed out. A wine bottle on the coffee table added to her slumber. Charlotte loved her Chardonnay.
Turning the TV off so that she could give her mom a dose of her own medicine later, she stood waiting to see if the silence would revive her. Nope! Dead to the world. Three minutes of watching Charlotte snore Monica fidgeted to the point of not knowing what to do next. Peering out the living room blinds which faced the street in front of their home she sighed heavily. Not a soul in sight. At 6:00 PM on a Friday night things should be livelier. Zero traffic. Only evening locusts. So wrong.
Moving softly from the living room she relocates to the kitchen pantry. Moving from the closet to the refrigerator uncertain what she was even after. Her tummy growled a bit but she knew eating anything would contradict her perfect body. Burning off calories during sex kept her fit. An evening jog sounded appealing as she contemplated her mistake of eating a lone Ritz cracker. BAD! BAD! BAD! She wanted to be bad.
As a car door slammed out back, she shuffled toward their enclosed rear porch to look out. With no one in sight she began to retreat, then her interest peaked. Around the corner of their garage walked her neighbor and occasional Master by voluntary admission to mischief, Ryan Quinones. He had his hands in his pants pockets, head hung low, appearing depressed. Obviously he wasn't delivering pizza tonight or for that matter with his girlfriend April. Sensing his sadness made her step further out, ignoring the possibility of her Mom catching her going outside in a towel. That would inevitably be bad for her weekend. Still, she would always be there for Ryan, a boy that Charlotte was made to believe was Monica's boyfriend to help get her out of the house when needed. Easy enough excuse she thought. Charlotte had already suspected that he and Monica had either had sex or were at least toying with the idea. If she only knew.
Uneasy over his insecurity Monica felt empathy. Just last week she had thought she caught Ryan's dad Brock having sex with April. While discovering that not to have been the truth, she did witness April's shade of red lipstick around Brock's cock. Had she at the very least given Brock a blowjob? Someday she would find out. Worse still, April suspected that she was pregnant, yet withheld the truth from Ryan about any real confirmation. Why would any girl do that to her man? Again, Monica would find out on her own if she had to.
"Why so glum Chum?" She carefully opens the door getting his attention with a low tone to her voice. Stepping outside on to the adjoining wood deck he notices her in her towel. Sexiest legs in town. Cleavage was equally as enticing. He tries to grin but fails. Not even her bouncing in step to let her boobs dance could maintain a smile.
"Hey! Just moody is all. Lots to think about these days. School. Better paying career options now that I might be a Dad. Do I go to college like Kyle? Can I afford to knowing I'll need to be there for April?"
"Still no period?" She wanders down into the grass.
"Not yet. One test says positive, the next negative. I'm remaining optimistic. Scared as hell though. I haven't even met April's parents. She hasn't told them about us dating let alone that we may be having a baby together." He groans palming his eyes with his hands, "I'm pretty fucked up right now."
"I'm here for you day and night Master." She grins sheepishly as he scowls, "Sorry. I was hoping that might cheer you up. Bad timing. Oopsie."
"I still think about that. Fun while it lasted, even if it was goofing off."
"Was it goofing off?" She poises an index finger along her right cheek, knuckles beneath her chin. "I'm still game to play it out."
"We'll see. My head's not in it right now. Don't even joke about my head being inside you, I know you enough to read your mind." He sneers quieting her temptation to say just that. "I care about April, but come on, are we ready to be a family? We barely know each other. Shouldn't I have met her folks by now? Even her Aunt at that country diner is oblivious to me. Any time I stop by there April meets me outside. What the hell? I'm a best kept secret. Why? I let her meet my Dad and talk to Kyle on the phone once."
"You should tell her it's time for introductions."
"Maybe so. I'll let it slide until we're certain she is pregnant. She wants to wait another week before making a doctors appointment. Pins and needles." He flares his eyes dramatically.
Seeing his tension she shuffles barefoot across the yard with her arms wide. Pouting at his stress she knew he needed a hug. With each step taken her towel loosened up, she didn't care. Ryan needed her. Dancing breasts added to the cotton towels descent.
"Mere mere!" She puffs her lower lip. Embracing her was nothing new, they had gotten really close over the last few months. Their past sexual encounters fond memories until April crept back into his thoughts. Monica was more of a best friend these days. In all reality the girl was way too wild for him to keep up with. Regardless, he held her tightly. His chest against hers the only thing keeping the towel from falling. He pondered the day that Monica introduced he and April, the very same day that he had sex with the farmgirl right there in her Aunt's diner, smitten at first sight. April had helped Monica heal over her very first official gangbang, even though Ryan and his two friends had tapped her in her own living room after delivering a pizza. Looking back at that he realized that her bar gangbang was not actually her first attempt, although on a smaller scale. The first time was actually at a pizza delivery where his Master act initially evolved. He had forgotten so much since the day he fell for Monica. Having met April that infatuation changed. He adored Monica but, he loved April.
As their hug lingered a screen door creaked open behind them.
"Everything okay out here?"
Turning with Monica still in his possession Ryan looks back, "Hey Dad. We're just talking."
"And cuddling." Monica spoke with her left cheek on Ryan's shoulder, her eyes glistening at Brock rubbing his chin at her luscious body.
"I can use some of that." He whispers so that no one but them could hear him. "Didn't I see your mom's car out front on the street? If she catches you outside in a towel she's gonna throw a fit."
"I don't care. My Master needs me." She recites with a childlike voice. Monica was standing her ground. Even her neighbor Charlie stepped out of his home and spotted the kids.
"Someone die?"
"No." Ryan choked up, his emotions messing with him suddenly.
Ignoring Charlie outside of fluttering fingers to say hello , Monica looks up into Ryan's eyes and whispers, "Does your Dad know?"
"I'm afraid to tell him and get his hopes up. Not until we know for sure okay?"
"K!"
"Thanks Monica, I needed this." He holds her hands to their sides, their stare committed to friendship and loyalty. As they gazed at each other Monica grits her teeth.
"Ummm! My towels going to fall."
"Since when are you worried about that?" Ryan attempted a chuckle as the cloth slipped from her chest and collided with their feet. Monica for the first time stood there spooked a bit.
"Since my mom is home. She's asleep on the couch, but who knows when she might wake up."
"You better go then." Gentlemanly, Ryan kneels and picks up her towel. His eyes couldn't resist eying her freshly shaved pussy. Closing his eyes, he rises and hands her the towel to cover up.
"I don't want to go. You're hurting inside." She merely holds the towel to her full frontal, her entire backside giving neighbor Charlie a look that even he struggled with. He had seen her numerous times but not once had he touched her. The old man this time admired her in length.
"Just confused. Don't get into trouble. See you at the auction tomorrow?"
"Yes." She peers over Ryan to see Brock massaging his crotch through his jeans. Pointing at him she informs him with a sneer, "DON'T BUY ME."
"Awww!" Brock shook his head. He had certainly considered it until her order. "Ruined my plans to have you clean my house."
"Wearing nothing but a feather duster I bet." She giggles.
"You sure Fifi?"
"Positive. DO NOT BUY ME. I MEAN IT."
"Fine." Brock abandoned the doorway to give his son a moment. Behind them Charlie broke his own trance and returned to his home. No building bird houses by nightlight. It was getting dark.
Feeling mischievous Monica dropped her towel a second time. "Bad towel, BAD." She whimpers and crushes her breasts together, while batting her lashes. Ryan rolled his eyes and once again bent down to retrieve her loss.
"You did that on purpose."
"Of course I did. I want to be a free spirit. You know you like me naked."
"Never said I didn't." He nervously chuckled.
"I can give you a relaxing blowjob to get your mind off of things." She tempts him with a beguiling smile.
"Won't help. Thanks though."
"I'LL TAKE ONE." It was obvious that Brock was eavesdropping through an open window.
Monica felt devilish enough to be rude, "If I do let me go put some lipstick on so you can remember how good I was." Brock fell silent. Hmmmm?
"MONICA LYNN GIFT!! WHAT IN THE WORLD? WHY ARE YOU STANDING OUTSIDE LIKE THAT?"
"Oh shit." Ryan swiftly cloaks Monica in her towel at hearing her Mother's outburst. Perhaps that was why Brock fell quiet. "She thinks we're dating. Play along." Twisting in step Monica teetered on her heels, "Sorry Mom. I was just excited to see Ryan. It fell by accident." She points at Ryan, "CLOSE THOSE EYES."
Sealing his eyelids he shivered, "I told her to go inside Mrs. Gift. It really was an accident." He goes so far as to turn his back to a fidgeting Monica.
"Inside young lady."
"Still reading my thoughts Ryan?" She whispers with a sly snicker.
"Yes. Still not putting my dick inside you." He returns her barely audible comment with one of his own.
"While I approve of you two dating, Monica should not be dressed like that outdoors. What if your Father had witnessed that? Or, better yet Charlie next door."
"Too late." She mutters.
"Go inside." Ryan commands her, "Master's orders."
"Yes Master. I wuvs you Master." She holds her towel tightly around her and scurries back inside. As she reaches Charlotte, Monica looks back, "Let me get dressed and I'll be over to watch a movie with you and Brock. No scary movies. Something funny."
Ryan growls but lifts a hand high to inform her that he would be ready. "Is that alright with you Mrs. Gift?"
Scowling at Monica, Charlotte sighs, "Yes Ryan. Thank you for being a gentleman."
As Ryan shows a thumbs up he heads inside. Brock was found leaning against the kitchen counter smirking. This was just plain priceless.
While Father and son share a laugh, Mother and daughter take a moment to get past the event. Following Monica to her room she observes her daughter drop her towel without care. Even with her curtains wide open. Exploring her daughters openness Charlotte stood in the doorway as Monica sifted through her panty drawer for a pair of undies. Wearing them only to appease her Mother. If she hadn't been watched those panties would never have found flesh. While pulling them up in front of her bedroom window she looks out briefly. There stood Brock watching through his living room window. Luckily, Charlotte hadn't noticed him. With her back to her Mom she sticks her tongue out at Brock and intentionally squeezed her tits. Hopping in step to face her Mother, Monica flared her eyes.
"What? I apologized didn't I? It was stupid of me to go outside in a towel. I get it."
"Have you and Ryan...?"
"Had sex?" She shakes her ass as if nervous, but was actually doing it for Brock. Shameless she was. "I won't lie to you Mom. Yes we have. He wore protection."
"I figured as much. You're a grown woman...I can't...won't stop you. As long as the two of you are using your brains. You are still on birth control?"
"Of course."
"Are you two getting serious?"
"Not hot and heavy serious. We just like spending time with one another. We've agreed that we can see other people as long as we're honest with each other."
"So you've had sex with...other boys?"
"Maybe." She hides her grin by lowering her chin to her bosom.
Sighing heavily Charlotte moves around Monica and shuts her curtains. If she had been looking hard she might have seen Brock jerking off through his window.
"What would your Father think?"
Shrugging shyly Monica considered what Aaron might really say. In her thoughts she rambled, "Get over here and set on Daddy's cock." She nearly snorted but maintained her composure. Finally, she reacts, "Daddy would think as you do. Be careful. Which I intend to do. Can I get dressed now?"
"Enjoy your movie."
Charlotte left the bedroom closing her door behind her. Once she inherited privacy Monica snatched up her cell and sent Ryan a text. In it she wrote, "Going to come in the back door then head out the front. If Mom comes over have Brock cover for us. Oh, and tell him to wash the living room window. LOL. Over in ten minutes, out in two. Muah!"
"Okay." His only reply.
Dressing in blue jeans and a hoodie after removing her undies, Monica put on a pair of tennis shoes without socks and headed out. Hugging her Mother from behind made Charlotte feel a bit better about things. Knowing she was being watched Monica raced from her home and through the back door of the Quinones boys. Walking past Ryan making a sandwich she pinches his ass and storms straight into their living room. Brock was still jerking off when she arrived. Shaking her head she watches him jizz like a volcano. Smiling at his froth and exhaustion she steps in front of him and wipes cum on her fingers, licking his leftovers from them. With a flare of enjoyment she shakes her tits and sucks on her index finger.
"Hate to eat and run. Gotta go."
Out the front door she went. She was down the street in the blink of an eye. She did indeed go for a jog. As night fell she found herself going down a side street lit well by pole lights. Belly growling for real food, not just liquid protein she contemplated heading home to eat. She didn't really see much action to perform for so she was ready to call it a night. Then came headlights. Then, a honk from behind her stride. Looking back at high beams she covers her eyes until the headlights go off in favor of only high and low fog lights on a very large truck.
"HEY SLUT WANT A RIDE?"
Wincing at a female voice she felt as if she knew it. It wasn't until the passenger door flew open and a thin female dropped to the ground. Racing around the front end directly into the light Monica saw who it was. Before she could let out a squeal of happiness the girl stormed Monica and kissed her full on the lips. Bizarrely, the kiss lingered, hands all over each other. It took a loud honk to break the two up.
"BLUEBIRD." Monica yelped dancing as the two held hands.
"Good to see you Skank. It's been awhile."
"I know. Who are you..." Monica suddenly recognized the huge truck, "Whoa! I know this truck."
"You do? It belongs to my Master Thorn. I've told you about him. Tattoo artist?"
"I remember. He drove right up to me once while I was masturbating in the middle of the street on a hammock." She laughed.
"You're the lounge lizard." Bluebird points at her in awe. "He told me all about that day. Soooo hilarious. I love your boldness. Reminds me of me. Of course, my Master brings that out. Where are you headed?"
"Was just out for a run to clear my head. My belly is growling so I..."
"Good! We can fix that. We're going out for dinner. Steak sound good?"
"Ummm! Sure. If it's alright with Master."
Bluebird drags Monica around the truck to her open door, looking up with puppy dog eyes. "Master Thorn Sir? May I invite my cute little slut here to dinner with us?"
The big burley driver tips his hat and scowls, "As long as she leaves the hammock at home."
"Awww! I was going to throw it in the bed of your truck so Blue and I could play on it while you drive us through town." Monica snaps her fingers saying, "Darn it all."
"Get your asses in the truck." He growls stroking his beard.
"Master liked that idea I can tell." Monica follows Blue up into the front seat.
"Already a mattress back there. No room for a hammock." He chuckled. "I'm Thorn. Monica right?"
"Yep." They shake hands vividly even as he grumbles.
"No tats." He noted.
"I'm not really into them. Sowwy. I mean, into wearing them. I like looking at tats though. OHHHH! I just got body painted and walked bottomless through school all day."
"School?" Thorn grimaced, "You underage?"
"18. No worries. I graduate soon."
"Hmph!" He rallied and hit the gas. "Blue there told me you've been out to the store a few times."
"Love the place. I fucked a Teacher there." She then grits her teeth. She shouldn't have mentioned that. Protecting her Teacher's was always necessary.
"Secret's safe." He nods.
"Whew! I let that slip. Just excited to see your slave here again." She and Blue snuggle up laughing.
"You into the BDSM circuit?"
"Not really. I mean I like roleplay. The guy who painted me just asked me to dominate him. I dunno how though. I've always been the giver. Oh, unless you count the charity event we're having at school. Slave for a Day event. People buy the students and have them perform duties like mowing, pulling weeds, washing cars. Stuff like that. I hope somebody buys me that wants to get me naked." She snorts.
"Buy her Master." Blue snickers moving to hug his arm.
"Busy." He grunts.
"No Biggy. Thank you for inviting me to supper."
"All good." He plays with his beard in a more conservative manner.
Reaching a locally owned steakhouse called STEER CLEAR, ridiculed on purpose by it's redneck owners but having the best steaks around, Thorn starts to pull in when Monica hugs the dash in shock.
"Oh crap."
"What's wrong?" Blue looked concerned.
Pointing Monica directs Blue, "See that short haired brunette in the white dress? The one sitting across from the tattooed guy."
"Yes."
"That's my friend Ryan's girlfriend. She's holding hands with that guy and he's not Ryan. Worse yet, she's supposed to be pregnant with Ryan's baby."
"Oh no."
"Not our business Blue." Thorn expresses an unnerving growl. Bluebird shied a bit hearing him shut her down. Monica understood.
"No I get it. Sorry Master Thorn. I meant no disrespect, I wasn't trying to involve you guys in the least. Seeing her just shocked me. Ryan doesn't deserve to be lied to. He's...kind of like my roleplay Master. I obey anything he tells me to do."
"Ain't that cheating on the girl there?"
"I...never thought about that. I mean April knows I'm not after Ryan, it's just goofing off. I mean Ryan and I don't even have sex anymore. Although...darn it he just saw me naked in my yard earlier. Is that cheating? I mean come on April's had Ryan's friends. Doesn't her being pregnant mean they should be faithful?"
"Should I tell her Master?" Bluebird looks for guidance.
"Go ahead."
"We're going to have a baby too."
"WHAT? OH MY GOD! CONGRATULATIONS YOU TWO." Monica erupts hugging Blue tightly. She dares to reach over and pat Thorn on the arm even as he shakes his head.
"So, do you at least see my concern? Her carrying Ryan's baby and saying she loves him, only to be dating another guy behind his back." She bulges her eyes suddenly, "Oh my God! What if this guy is the real Dad?"
"I'm losing my appetite." Thorn relates as Bluebird pouts and cuddles up to his arm.
"Guys I'm sooo sorry. I have to see this through for Ryan's sake." She fidgets then looks at Thorn pathetically, "I don't have any money. I can't go in there spying without getting a table."
"Master?" Blue pleads with her eyes.
"Good gravy." He shuts his truck off then reaches over to grab Monica by her wrist. With a stern look he tells her, "No fighting. I'm not bailing you out."
"No worries. I'm fucking the police force too. I won't ever get arrested." He peaks a bushy eye brow at her confidence. "Any tickets you need erased?"
"Let's go eat." He hisses and climbs out. Bluebird crawls toward him behind the steering wheel and he helps her down. Monica exiting on the passenger side found them adorable. Waiting for the couple to take the lead Monica uses Thorn's massive frame to hide behind, to avoid April sitting at the window seeing her. Thorn rolled his eyes at her using him as a blind spot. Blue merely smiled. It was kind of funny.
Entering, a hillbilly hostess led them to a table right directly behind April's booth. Thorn made for good camouflage being a good 350 pounds at 6'8 in height. Monica felt like an ant around him. Luckily each booth had a high back wooden partition that masked Monica, literally sitting back to back with April. Immediately, the snooping began. Blue sat next to Monica, unable to fit next to Thorn in the bench due to his stature.
Hearing April talking, Monica absorbed every word. The guy she was with was loud and very flirtatious. April's laughter easily portraying her interest in him. The more they spoke the more Monica fumed. Once she heard April tell him that he was going to be a wonderful dad Monica nearly lost it, clenching a fist until Thorn slapped the tabletop, pointing at her to calm down. Taking a deep breath Monica showed him her palms and that she was relaxing. Tempted to text Ryan and have him come there Monica knew that would kill her friend. She really had no clue what to do.
Excusing herself April got up to use the ladies room. Monica watching her pass by without notice waited until she entered the room before trying to escape her seat. Instead of asking Blue to be let out she tried going under the table but Thorn's legs were a roadblock. He slapped the table top again drawing attention to them from other tables. Blue tried not to laugh but it was just crazy enough to warrant it. Finally, Blue stood up and helped Monica out from under the table. With a wave from Thorn, Blue took Monica to the restroom, playing chaperone. Peace at last. Not for long.
As a voice of reason Blue told Monica to relax as they entered the restroom. Hearing April in a stall talking on her cell Monica realized that she was gabbing with Ryan. What the hell? Stalls bordering April were empty so Blue and Monica shared one in hiding.
"I miss you too Ryan. I love you." Monica hearing this took her own cell and recorded their conversation as proof Monica wasn't making things up. "I think I'll go see a doctor finally. No I'd rather go alone. I understand you want to be there baby, but well I'm trying to grasp reality too. Meet my parents?" A silence left Monica pouty. "Yes you can meet my parents. We can give them the good news together. I'm sure once they get to know you they won't be that upset with us. My folks are just really old fashioned. Farmers usually are. Thank you for understanding. I should get back before they come looking for me. Love you Ryan Quinones. Bye."
Quietly sitting in her stall April sighs loudly, "What am I doing?" Her voice barely audible left Monica and Blue to strain in hearing. Blue had a brilliant idea suddenly, digging through her small clutch purse she produces a pregnancy test stick, part of a two pack that she had used earlier to discover her own pregnancy. Having to pee she swiftly hiked her mini skirt and hovered over the toilet. Peeing on the stick right in front of Monica they waited on it to reveal a second yes. Just as April stood up flushing her own toilet Bluebird went into theatrics. "OH MY GOD! IT'S A PLUS SIGN."
Opening her door April heard the joyful excitement Bluebird was expressing. Motioning Monica to stay in the stall Blue opened up the door dancing about right in front of April. Recognition set in instantly.
"I know you." April smiled.
"You do? Ohhh right! From the adult toy store. How have you been?"
"Great, Pregnant I hear?"
"Yes! My man is going to go ballistic." She shows April the stick with a giddy grin.
"Congrats. I just found out I was pregnant three weeks ago."
"Awesome. Congratulations to you too. Forgive me for overhearing your call. The father?"
"Yes. At least I hope so. To be honest I'm not sure. I'm here tonight with another guy. He might be the father. I'm terrified that Ryan will be crushed if he's not the daddy."
"So who's the dude you're dining with?" Monica interrupts her from the stall, then walks out with a disappointed look.
""Monica? Oh my God." April felt like crying just that fast.
"Truth immediately or I dial Ryan."
"Please don't. I wasn't lying I do love Ryan. I really want him to be the father. Proctor...the man I'm here with is my old boyfriend. We...sort of rekindled but I'm going to break it off."
"HA! Proctor & Gamble." Monica found it amusing, lifting Blue's pregnancy stick, it being made by the company. "I overheard you out there telling him he was gonna be a good dad." Monica winced, untrusting her former friend.
"He will be. I'm not positive who the father is, but if it does turn out to be Proctor I can't deny him rights. That would be just as wrong as lying to Ryan. I just need to figure out the paternity test situation. If I ask Ryan to take it he would wonder why. With Proctor he knows it might be someone else's, even though he's never met Ryan. He also wants to be a part of my baby's life if it is his. Monica? I'm sooo confused. Help me, don't destroy Ryan and I."
"Truth...did you fuck Ryan's dad?"
"WHAT? NOOOO!" She looked distraught, "How could..." Monica frowned tapping her toe on the tile. April froze, "Almost. That night you came rushing over and saw me and Ryan together? Brock tried, he had it in me for all of five seconds then Ryan woke up. I was so ashamed that I left early in the morning before Ryan woke up. He was sooo drunk."
"Lipstick around Brock's cock. Sure wasn't mine." Monica continued her scrutiny.
"Mine. I...what have i done?" April broke down bawling. Bluebird having more sympathy hugged April and let her cry on her shoulder. Eying Monica, Blue offered a bewildered expression.
"So you blew Brock before he tried fucking you?"
"Yes. I was hoping that might be enough to satisfy him, even that was really fast, maybe two minutes. Brock was drinking too. I don't think he realized what he was doing until he heard Ryan get up. He apologized to me and took off running before Ryan came looking for me. Monica I know it looks bad but, well...it was bad, just not what you think. I was stupid I know to even consider Brock. Heat of the moment, it faded fast."
"You tell Ryan within 24 hours about this Proctor dude and deal with the fallout. If not?" Monica plays her recording of every word they shared. April found her tactic unsettling but warranted.
"I promise. I..need to get back to Proctor."
"Hold up." Monica sighs then extends her arms, "Come here bitch."
Molding into her arms April wept further, "Please forgive me."
"I'll work on that. If you need me to go to the Doctor with you I will."
"I need to do this alone. Well, with Proctor after 8 weeks along. A paternity test can be done after the first trimester. I have four more weeks. I just don't know how to explain it to Ryan without losing him."
"The truth always helps April." Bluebird consoles her.
"Ummm! Let's leave out what happened with Brock. I'll deal with him." Monica adds, "Ryan might understand your old boyfriend, but not you being pregnant and playing with his dad."
"Thank you. I swear I'll make this right."
"You better."
Blue opens the restroom door and lets April leave first. Following her out Monica and Blue discover Master Thorn sitting with Proctor at their table. They were talking tattoos and the fact Thorn had been his artist weeks ago. A knowledge Thorn kept to himself to keep peace. Seeing April, Proctor stands up and notes her tears.
"You okay?" Proctor looked worried.
"Not really. Can we take dinner home?"
"Sure. I'll light some candles. Wine?" He chuckles.
Clearing her throat loudly, Monica entices April to admit there might be more to the story. Proctor sure sounded like a lover. Gruffly, Thorn added his own frog to the fire. Monica looking over at him notes him wagging a wedding finger toward her. Eyes immediately went to April's finger, on it a shiny but small diamond. How did she miss that?
"Awww! Pretty." Monica snatches April's hand to admire the ring. "You get engaged?"
"We sure did." Proctor perked up with pride, "Proud papa too. Did you tell your friends?"
"They know I'm pregnant. I think I'm getting morning sickness." She rubs her belly.
"Probably just gas." Monica sneers.
"DAMMIT!" April yells then begins bawling. Taking the ring off she tosses it at Proctor. "I can't do this. Proctor...I'm sorry." April barges out leaving the restauranteurs in shock.
Following her outside Proctor had no idea why things were going so badly. Monica stopped him as she spotted April on her cell. "Maury says you're not the father."
"What?"
"Give her time. She will explain things herself."
"What the fuck?" Proctor lost his will to live in the blink of an eye. Monica almost felt sad for him. "How do you know?"
"I guess I'm not 100% positive but my hunch is you're not. I'm not happy with April but if she's calling who I think she is...at least you'll never have to pay child support."
"Unreal." He palmed his scalp and circled in step.
April ends her call and walks slowly toward them. Facing Proctor she admits that she thinks Ryan is the real father. Calculating her pregnancy timetable Proctor was on the edge. She apologized for accepting his ring out of stress and told him she never wanted to see him again.
"Ryan is coming to pick me up. I'm going to tell him everything. Thank you Monica."
"Minus the lipstick." She encouraged April to avoid more heartache.
"Right."
Proctor took off crying and blended amid the cars. Monica's heart went out to him for being misled, and chose to go talk to him before he did something stupid. April went back inside to pay their check but found Thorn generous. Waving her check he let her know he had it. A soft emotional thank you she went back into the restroom to dry her eyes.
Thirty minutes later Ryan pulled up outside and April got in. Off they went to talk. It was going to be a rough night.
Thorn and Bluebird walked toward their truck when the Master noted it moving about. Growling he had a hunch and peered over the bedside of his truck. Sure enough, Monica was fucking Proctor. No more tears at least. Just a shit load of moans. Bluebird had to giggle.
"Master?"
"What?" Thorn shook his head.
"You did tell her there was a bed back there."
"Get the fuck in." He opened the passenger door then walked around to his side. Still moaning. Rubbing his beard he gets into the truck and starts the engine. Less moaning more screaming. Gritting his teeth he revs the motor in hopes they took the hint. Suddenly, Monica climaxes at the top of her lungs. Thorn was actually impressed even as Bluebird nibbled at her fingernail nervously. Sighing heavily he feels weight shifting in the bed and viewed Proctor pulling his pants up. Climbing out the man took off running.
A hand slaps the sliding rear window then eases away in a screeching noise. Grumbling at having to wash off the fingerprints he notices Bluebird looking at him with a hint of tension. Chuckling he shakes his head, "Go cuddle with the bitch. Hold on back there and stay low."
Kissing her Master's cheek Bluebird hurried to the backseat and slid open the windows. In her lithe build Blue easily contorted enough to slither out and into the bed of the truck. Giggling led to silence. He knew a make out session when he didn't hear one. Chuckling Thorn Barrett drove through town and gave the girls time to enjoy each other. At a red light he noticed clothing being tossed into the backseat and two naked beauties stopping long enough to peer in at him.
"THANK YOU MASTER."
Two for the slice of one.
April? She was the fool.
=================================================
COMING SOON : MONICA 50 : CONTROL FREAK