A couple of days before Halloween Matt came into my office.
"Fuck, dude! What the fuck is up with Leslie?"
"I dunno. What's up?"
"Damn, dude! She keeps coming into my cubicle to see what I'm working on. Asking me if I need anything. Rubbing all up against me. She's gonna poke one of my eyes out with those pointed fuckin' nipples of hers! Dropping shit and bending over to show me her ass. And, what the fuck is up with that? She hasn't been wearing any panties in, like, weeks!"
I leaned back in my chair and gave a good, hearty laugh. "Ha ha ha! Yeah, she's doing that shit to me, too. Every time she walks past she stops in my door and flashes her pussy at me or tweaks her nipples. So why don't you nail her from behind when she bends over like that?"
"Because I don't have a fucking office where she can climb under it and give me a blow job like some people I know!"
"Ha ha ha! Sucks to be you then, doesn't it?"
"Fuck you, man."
"Yeah, I know. She wants to be in this calendar so badly."
"Yeah! About that...what's this about a calendar? You mentioned that when she was under your desk."
That's when I explained to him that Leslie, the dim witted but beautiful secretary of my co-worker in the next office, thinks she's up for Employee of the Month, and every Employee of the Month gets to be in a calendar at the end of the year.
"We don't have an Employee of the Month," he said confused.
"You know that. And I know that. But she doesn't. She thinks you're one of the secret judges for this thing. So she's trying to, shall we say, influence your vote."
"No shit? Ha ha ha! Goddamn she's fucking ignorant! So, what's she gonna do when she finds out there's no Employee of the Month?"
"I think I've got it worked out."
"Well, fuck dude, you've got to figure something out. I'm going home with a case of blue balls every fuckin' day!"
I leaned back and roared. "Ha ha ha! Don't worry, bud. I think I've got you taken care of."
The morning of November 1st, Leslie poked her head into my office.
"Well? Did you guys make a decision? Did I get Employee of the Month? Am I going to be in the calendar?" she asked eagerly.
I waved her in. "Come in, Leslie. Close the door and have a seat." She sat down. Her wide eyes waited for my answer. I took a deep breath. "Leslie, I don't know how to say it, so I'll just say it. No, I'm sorry, you didn't get it."
Shock raced across her face. Tears welled in her eyes. "What?! But...but why? I mean, I sucked on your...your thingy and everything."
"Well, to be honest, that's part of the problem."
"Huh? How can that be part of the problem?"
"For one, it's not a 'thingy'. It's a cock. That really turned the judges off."
"Really? But...but that's what I've always called, you know, it."
"Say it. Cock."
She gulped. "Cock."
"Good. Now, say I love cock."
"I...I love cock."
"Good girl. There's another problem with you and cock. My cock specifically. You didn't...you didn't deep throat me."
"(GASP!) What?! You...you mean swallow that whole, you know, thing? It's too dang big!"
I tilted my head. "My what?"
It took her a second. "Oh! Uh, cock, your cock." She paused. "It's so big!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I don't know what to tell you, Leslie. The winner did it. Actually, every winner so far has done it."
"You're kidding!" I shook my head. "Let...let me try again! I'll do better this time!"
"I appreciate your enthusiasm, but that wouldn't be fair to the other girls, would it? Plus, there were a couple other things."
"Other things? Like what?"
"Well, we didn't take any pictures or video or anything. They really wanted that."
"(gasp!) Well...well...we...we can take all the pictures you want! Let me try again!"
"And they didn't think your clothes are revealing enough." If her clothes were anymore revealing she'd practically be naked.
"I...I'll buy new clothes! Sluttier clothes! Anything! I'll do anything to be in the calendar! Oh my gosh, anything!" It didn't occur to her that none of the other women in the office were dressing any differently. She was so blinded by her craving to be in a calendar.
"And, you know, we didn't actually 'do it'. The other judges really wanted to hear about your skills in that arena as well."
"'Do it'? Do what?"
Wow. "Sex. Have sex. Fuck."
"(GASP!) Let...let's do it right here! Right now!"
"Well, if you want to, we can, but it only be because you want to, not because of the calendar. I don't want to take advantage of the situation for my own sexual gains."The fuck I don't!She hung her head on the verge of tears. "Leslie, I like you. I really like you. I'll tell you what. Let me get with the other judges and see if they'll consider you for November. We've never considered the same employee twice. But, for you, I'll see if I can convince them this one time. You really deserve it."
"Oh, thank you thank you thank you!" She raced around my desk and wrapped her arms around me. "Thank you thank you thank you! Mark, you're the best! Tell the judges I'll do anything they want! Anything!"
My lips curled at the corners. "I'll be sure to let them know."
The next day Leslie came bouncing into my office. My eyes bugged. She was wearing a a short, short plaid skirt, mid-thigh white stockings, and white high heels. A long sleeved white dress shirt was knotted just under her breasts with not a button buttoned. Her long, brunette hair was tied into two pigtails. She was the sluttiest little Catholic school girl I'd ever since.
"Good morning, Mark!"
"Uh, wow, good morning, Leslie."
She held out her arms and spun around. "So, what do you think? Do you think the judges will like this? Is it slutty enough?"
"Judges? Oh, right! Judges! Yeah yeah, I think that's exactly what they're looking for."
Her face lit up. "Oh goodie! I bought a whole bunch of new clothes last night!"Oh shit! If she dresses like that every day, I don't know if my balls can handle it!"Have you talked to the judges yet about considering me for November?"
"Uh, no, not yet. We're meeting later this week. I'll let you know."
Two weeks later, after watching Leslie parade past my office in a variety of clothes a hooker would be embarrassed to wear, I called her into my office.
"You asked to see me? Oh! Hi, Matt!" Our tongues wagged. Today she was wearing a sheer pink camisole that left nothing to the imagination, coupled with a black micro mini skirt, and knee high black leather boots. Matt slid behind her and quietly closed and locked the door. The shades were already drawn.
"It's time that you knew. Matt's one of the judges."
"I knew it!" she squealed.
"Can't slip anything past you, Leslie," he said sarcastically, which went right over her head. "What gave me away?" he asked slyly. He already knew the answer.
"One day you came into Mark's office and I was un...I was...well, I was..."
"Go ahead, tell him," I said.
"Well, I was under Mark's desk, uh, you know, sucking his...thingy...and..."
"My what?"
"Oh! Right! I was sucking his...cock...and you guys were talking about the calendar. I put two and two together..."
"You gave him a blow job under his desk? While I was in the room?!"
Her face turned red with embarrassment. "Well...yeah...I guess."
"You're such a naughty girl," Matt said with a crooked smile.
"It was naughty, wasn't it?! And so exciting!"
"We've got good news, Leslie. The judges have agreed to make an exception for you and consider you for November's Employee of the Month."
Her face lit up. "Really?! Oh my gosh! Thank you thank you thank you!"
"Well, don't thank me just yet. They're going to consider you. No decision has been made. That's why Matt is here. They want a second opinion."
"Sure sure! Great! Whatever you want."
"Great. Matt's going to ask you some questions. But first, let's get you out of those clothes so he can properly evaluate your body."
"Um, okay," she said hesitantly. "I still don't understand what me being naked has anything to do with being Employee of the Month," she said as she pulled the camisole over her head.
"Like I said before, being Employee of the Month carries many, many special responsibilities than are expected from other employees. We just need to make sure you can perform under any circumstance. And we only want the best for the calendar," I said while I watched her skirt slide down her silky legs.
She unzipped her boots. "Okay, that makes sense." I winked at Matt. She finally stood up straight, placed her hands on her hips, and smiled ear to ear. "So? What do you think, Matt? Would I look good in the calendar?"
His eyes bulged, along with his pants. "I think you'd look great in the calendar!" which made her giggle.
While Leslie comfortably stood before us in her awesome nakedness, I sat and watched Matt pepper her with questions from his seat. What do you like best about working and Frump and Frump Associates (the people), what do you do to relax outside of work (walk on the beach), what's your favorite vacation spot (Disney World), etc. Then he got a devilish look on his face. He sat up straighter.
"What's your favorite part of your body?"
"Oh gosh." She thought about it and cupped her breasts. "My boobs, I guess."
"What's your favorite part of a man's body?"
"Mmmmmm, his eyes I think."
"What's your favorite sex act?"
"Act? Oh gosh, I don't act! I'm not one of those girls."
"No no. I mean, what's your favorite thing to do sexually?"
"Oh! Well, gee. I...I, um, I guess I like it all."
"All? Really." She nodded. "So you like anal? You like have a big, fat cock stuffed up your ass?"
"Oh gosh! Well, I've only done that once. It...it was okay, I guess."
"How many men have you done at the same time?"
"You mean, how many guys have I, you know, had...sex with at the same time?" Matt nodded. "Oh geez! Only one! I mean, one time I had a boyfriend who wanted his friends to watch while we, you know, did it. But I've never 'done it' with more than one guy at the same time."
Matt and I looked at each other. "So you've never been DP'd?" I asked.
"DP'd?"
"You know. Double penetrated. Had two cocks in your body at the same time."
She shook her head. "No, I don't think so." She paused. "There was one time my boyfriend had me stick a big rubber thingy that kinda looked like a thingy in my, you know, there while I sucked on his thingy." She saw the look on my face. "Cock! While I sucked on his...cock. Does that count?"
Matt and I looked at each other. I shrugged my shoulders. "Sure." A gleeful look crossed her face.
A wicked smile crossed Matt's lips. Leslie watched him unzip his pants. Her eyes grew wide and her jaw went agape when he pulled out his very hard, very nice boner. It was nothing compared to mine, but I have no doubt a woman had never complained about the size of his.
"How do you feel about giving a man a blow job? Do you like sucking a man's cock?" he asked while he slowly stroked his.
"Well, um, sure, I guess. I mean, I'm a people pleaser. My boyfriend's seem to enjoy it when I do that. I think Mark liked it when I did it to him." She was mesmerized watching Matt.
"Did what to me, Leslie?" I asked slyly.
"Uh, when I...you know..." It hit her what I was asking. "Oh! Right. When I, you know, sucked your, uh cock."
"Are you a swallower or a spitter?" Matt asked.
The heat between her legs was growing hotter by the second. "Um, well, I guess I usually swallow. Whatever my man wants. They seem to like doing it on my face and my boobies, too."
"Doing what, Leslie?" I asked.
"You know. When a man finishes."
"When he cums you mean? You let him cum on your face and tits? Say it."
"Yes, I let them, uh...cum...on my face and, uh, tits."
"And you like eating their cum?" Matt asked.
"Um, sometimes." She looked at me and smiled. "Like, Mark's was yummy."
Matt waved his wand at her. "Why don't you come over here and suck on mine, see if mine is yummy."
She stepped towards him and knelt in front of him. He shivered when her long, thin hands wrapped themselves around his veiny shaft. She ran her palm across the shiny, precum covered tip and began to slowly stroke it.
She looked into his eyes with a crooked smile. "It sure looks yummy," she said breathily.
"Why don't you take a taste and see?" Matt replied. "Gah!" he moaned when she took him into her hot mouth.
After several bobs, her head popped up. She looked at me. "Hey, didn't you say the other judges wanted to see some pictures or something?"
"Oh! Right! Uh, yeah, yes they did." I pulled out my phone and aimed. "Okay, how about you lick his...yeah, just like that. And then how about...oh yeah, that's it right there. Now..."
"Gah!" Matt barked again.
CLICK! CLICK! "Yep, that's good." I leaned the phone against my desk phone and set it to record.
I had mentioned to Leslie that the judges were disappointed to hear she hadn't deep throated me. What I didn't know was, after that comment, she was practicing with her "rubber thingy" at home. She was bound and determined to get into that calendar.
Matt's head snapped back. "Gah fuck!" Her face buried in his lap.
"Oh-ho-ho shit!" I chuckled. From that point on she took him down her throat with each dive into his lap.
It wasn't long before I had my pole out in the open. Matt watched me walk around my desk, my bouncing rod leading the way. Her head lifted out of his lap when grabbed her hips and pulled her to her feet.
"Hey! What...what are you...wow!" she squawked when she looked over her shoulder at me with drool dripping off her chin. "My gosh that thing is big!"
"My what?"
"Oh! Your...cock! Your cock! Dang that thing is big! Why did you pick me up?"
"Because it's time for dome beginner DP," I said with a crooked grin.
"DP? Oh, right!" Then it hit her. "OH! You mean you're going to stick that th...your, uh, cock into my..."
I nodded. "That's right. I'm gonna fuck your slutty little pussy while you suck on Matt's cock. The judges will love that."
"Oh! Um, okay. If you think the judges will like it."
Matt grabbed her head and pulled it back into his lap. She gurgled when he zipped through her open lips and back down her throat.
She squeaked when I rubbed my tip along her swollen, soaked slit. I held my muscle steady and pressed forward. She grunted when my bloated head slipped through her velvety folds. Her head shot out of Matt's lap and snapped backwards when I threw my head forward.
"Oh holy crap!" she barked.
"Jesus Christ you're tight, Leslie!"
"That's because you're so gosh darn big! Ohmagawd!" I pulled back and threw my hips forward again. "Oh GOD!"
"You just need to get fucked more often," I growled.
"Oh God yes!" she howled.
Matt grabbed her head and threw it into her lap again. "I'm not gonna tell you again, bitch! My cock doesn't leave your throat until I tell you!" She could only gag and partially nod her head in response.
Matt and I began to spit roast her hard and fast. Each thrust of my hips drove Matt's pole down her throat deeper than anyone thought possible. Her slurps could barely be heard over the grunts and groans from each participant.
Soon I felt her muscles begin to contract around mine. Her moans grew louder. A heat unlike she'd ever known was racing up her thighs like a freight train.
"Mmmmmmffffffgggggg! Ggggggghhhhhfffff! Mmmmmmmm!" she moaned. Her head shot out of Matt's lap. "Ohmagawd, yes! Yes! Oh God, yes! Don't stop! Don't...don't stop! Oh God aaaaaiiiiiieeeeeee!" she howled when two freight trains collided at her quivering gash and exploded.
Matt threw her into his lap again. "Goddammit, woman!"
Her body visibly trembled as the locomotives tore through her succulent body. Her knees wobbled to the point she would've collapsed if I wasn't impaling her.
She was gripping me so tightly, I could see the finish line in sight. I could tell Matt was close, too. Her head popped up again when I pulled out.
"Huh? You...you didn't finish, did you?" she panted.
"No, I didn't cum yet. I'm not done with you. C'mere."
Much to Matt's dismay, I grabbed her arm and pulled her away. "Hey! What the fuck?! I'm not done with that bitch either!"
"I know, I know. Settle down there, stud," I said with a smile. I hopped up on my desk and laid flat. My post was standing straight up.
"C'mon, Leslie, get up here. Take a ride on the cock train."
"Oooo! Are we gonna do it on your desk! Ohmagawd, I've always wanted to do that! It's just like the movies!" she squealed as she climbed onto the desk.What kind of movies is she watching?
Matt and I watched while she scooted herself over my prone body until she was hovering over my tool. I held myself steady while she lowered herself. The heat across my tip grew the closer she got. She paused when she touched me. My fat head sliced through her slit.
"Ohhhhhhhhhmagawwwwwd!" she moaned as slid down until she was in my lap. "Dang you're big!"
"And you're still fuckin' tight!"
She leaned forward and, for the first time, had a devilish look on her face. "Mmmmmm, feels good doesn't it?"
"Hell yeah it does!"
She started to slowly twerk. "Mmmmmm, I know you feel good inside of me. My goodness it feels good."
I peeked around her. "C'mon, Matt, join the party."
Leslie had almost forgotten he was there. "Huh?"
"Hell yeah, I will!" he said as he jumped onto the desk.
"I think it's time to bust down that back door, don't you?"
"Fuck yeah, I do!"
"Uh, 'back door'?" she asked confused and with a hint of concern.
I looked into her eyes. "It's time for advanced DP," I hissed.
"'Advanced DP'?" She jerked when Matt spit onto her rosebud. Her head snapped around. "Hey! Why'd you..." Matt rubbed it around her puckered hole. "Oh! Oh crap! You're not going to...are you?"
Matt nodded his head. "Oh yeah. I'm gonna fuck this tight little ass like I own it," he growled.
"Oh balls! I...I've only done, you know, that once before! Oh crap!" she barked when Matt slipped a digit into her darkness.
"Now it's going to be twice, isn't it?" he snarled. He spit again and pushed her into my chest. I could feel her nipples dig into me. She tensed when he touched her quivering hole. "You'd better fuckin' relax or this is gonna hurt like a motherfucker."
"Okay. I'll try," she said with apprehension.
"Reach back here and pull your ass cheeks apart. Oh yeah, just like that."
"Hhmmfff," she groaned when his inflated head entered her. Her head fell into my chest. "Ohmagawwwwwwd!" she cried out as she fell into her until he was balls deep.
Matt stopped. "Fuck me this is tight!"
"Ohmagawd! You guys are gonna split me in half!" Matt slowly pulled back and then in. "Ohhhhhhhhmagawd!
Back out. Back in. Back out. Back in. Back out back in. Out in. Out in. Out-in-out-in. He picked up pace with each thrust. Her body quickly began to accept the large intrusion. With each push forward she slid up my pole. Soon, moans, groans, and cursing filled my office. It quickly took on the smell of sex and sweat.
She took my nipple into her mouth. She sucked and nibbled and ran her tongue around it while I molested her fleshy mounds and tweaked her erect nipples. Matt had a firm grip on her hips while he pounded her near-virgin hole.
Sweat rolled off of Matt's face and fell onto her heart-shaped ass. "Oh fuck, man, I'm about to blow!"
I nodded. "Yup, me, too! She's squeezing me like a fucking vise grip!"
"Oh yeah! Give it to me, boys! I wanna feel you shoot inside me! Come on, guys, give it to me!"
Matt's hips stuttered. "You asked for it! Here it...it...here it...comes! Gahhhhhh!"
"Ohmagawd! I can feel it! I can feel you shooting your stuff into my butt! Ohmagawd, that's incredible!"
"You want it, huh? You want me to fill your whore cunt with cum, huh?" I snarled.
"Oh yeah! Give it to me, Mark, give it to me! I want it all!"
Her muscles clamped down on me.
"Oh fuck! You fucking bitch! Cumming! Cumming! Fuuuuuuuck, cummingggguuuuhhhhh!"
"I feel it! I feel it! Ohmagawd, yes! Do it! Give it all to me!"
Matt finally pulled away from her. A string of white followed him out until it snapped in half and fell across the back of her thigh.
"Fuuuuck me," he sighed as he climbed down from his perch on my desk. "Oooo, hey, lemme see that," he said as he reached for the still recording phone. "I need to get a shot of this." He brought the phone around the back and zoomed in on her gaped ass. A slow trickle of white seeped out of it. "Oh yeah, that's fuckin' awesome."
When I stopped thrusting my hips, Leslie collapsed onto me. "That...that was incredible," she panted.
"Welcome to the joys of DP," I whispered in her ear.
"That...it...you guys were...amazing."
"If we did it right, you should have trouble walking for a few days," Matt chuckled, making me laugh as well.
"I...I have no doubt about that," Leslie said seriously, missing the humor in the statement. After catching her breath, Leslie finally climbed off of me and practically fell off of the desk onto wobbly legs. "Ohmagawd," she moaned. Gravity proved it works. Two rivers of white began to streak down the insides of her thighs.
I rolled over and off of my desk. Matt had already tucked himself back into place, and my beast was back into its cage quickly when he handed me my phone.
"Oh! Are those the pictures?" Leslie asked with excitement.
"Uh, yeah, hopefully."
"Let's look! I wanna see!" First I brought of the photos of her working on Matt's rod. "Ooooo, look at that! Wow, that's cool!"
I was surprised at her reaction. "Uh, yeah, cool. Let's go with that," I said sarcastically.
Then I began to play the video.
"Oh my gosh! That's what I look like when I'm doing it? Wow, that's crazy!"
"Pretty fuckin' hot, if you ask me," Matt chimed in.
"The camera loves you, Leslie," I added.
Her eyes lit up. "Really? You think so?"
"Oh yeah, absolutely," Matt confirmed.
"Do you think the judges will like it?"
Matt stumbled for a moment. "Judges? Oh right, judges!" I shot him a look of "dumbass". "Oh, I think they'll love it."
"Oh goodie!" she said gleefully. "Hey, do you think I can get a copy of those?"
I was stunned at the request. "Uh, yeah, sure. I'll, uh, I'll make a copy of everything for you."
"Yay! You're the best! Both of you! You're both the best!" She gave each of us a peck on the cheek. She gathered her clothes and put them back on. "Oh wow, look at this. Your, uh, stuff is going down my legs! I better go wipe it off."
I stopped her. "No, you know what? Leave it. As you walk around the office, the judges will probably notice it. You'll score big points with them if you do that." Matt choked back a laugh.
"Really?!"
"Oh yeah, I'm sure of it. Don't you think, Matt?"
"Ppppffffff!" he exhaled. "Uh, yeah, sure, absolutely."
"Okay! Gee, thanks for the tip!"
I nodded. "No problem. You'd better get back to your desk before Steve thinks you quit or something."
"Oh, right!" She kissed both of us on the cheek again. "Thanks, guys! That was...amazing!"
"We'll have to do it again sometime," Matt said sarcastically.
"Okay!"
She walked out the door and Matt closed it behind her.
"Jesus! She's fuckin' dumber than a bag of hammers!" Matt said. We both roared with laughter.
"Yeah, maybe, but she sure is a helluva lot of fun."
"Oh my God! She fucks like a $2 whore! She's gonna be a lot of fun!" We both laughed. "So, what now? What's next?"
I scratched my chin. "Well, we've got a couple of weeks left in the month. Let's see how it goes."
Will Leslie get Employee of the Month this time? To be continued...