A spark triggered inside my tingling pussy as I became aware that I was part of some sexual floor show, with an unknown audience behind the two way mirror. I never realised how strong my exhibitionist urges were, until that moment.
I wanted to show off my lingerie clad body, not only to my lover but my new audience also.
His cock was still deep in my ass, when I began to lustfully ride his beautiful cock with a new found enthusiasm. My heaving chest was bouncing slowly as I rode his cock blissfully. I could see him smiling behind me in the mirror, as his hands cupped my large firm breasts.
I moved forward slightly, with my breasts swaying beneath me. Turning my head slightly toward him, I whispered softly.
"Fuck my ass big boy!"
He grinned proudly as he began to smash his hard cock in and out of my tight stretched asshole.
I could feel an anal orgasm building up, a totally new sensation to myself, but incredibly pleasuring nonetheless.
I noticed a flash go off behind the mirror, proving the existence of my audience and the fact that photographs were being taken. My state of arousal had now reached a level I never thought attainable. The glass ceiling had been breached and my lust went through the roof.
I wanted the mystery people to see me perform sexually. I wanted them to photograph and record my slut debut. I wanted them to see my openings, filled with hard cock as I revealed my new slut persona to my audience.
Being fucked up the ass, wearing erotic lingerie, whilst an audience enjoyed my infidelity was an experience I knew I wanted to repeat. Being filmed or photographed sent me over the edge.
Was my husband back there watching his once loyal wife fuck a total stranger and allow him to do things to her he had always wished for, but was always denied.
Not only that but I had let him do them to me so easily and willingly. I was thriving on my unfaithfulness. Relishing in my outward slut persona.
In less than an hour I had turned into the complete unfaithful slut, and I absolutely loved it!
I positioned myself directly in front of the large two way mirror. With my lovers cock still in my ass, I opened my legs wide, raising myself up slightly, revealing my stretched, cock filled asshole to my audience. I placed both hands at my shaved pussy and held my labia open, showing my audience my wet pink opening.
I began to sensually rub my labia between my fingers, feeling my wetness. My lover held my firm breasts and began to squeeze them as I dipped a finger in and out of my exposed pussy.
My hips were rotating to meet the thrust of my finger and the stretching pleasure of the cock in my ass.
My left hand rubbed and teased my clitoris whilst my right hand plunged two fingers into my pussy. In my mind I was being double penetrated, the sensation overpowering me, so much that I decided there and then that I would definitely be exploring the option of one cock in my pussy with a second cock deep in my ass.
I was panting, heaving and sobbing with pure lust when I gasped and uttered.
"I want to have two cocks fuck me!"
"I knew you'd be a dirty cumslut!" My lover snarled, exciting me even more.
My lover thrust heavily as I felt his cock twitch and the first ever deposit of spunk, spurted inside my virgin asshole. I began to grind down on the exploding cock, continuously panting.
"Fuck my ass"
I distinctly heard a voice mumble behind the mirror.
"Fucking hell, what a slut!" Followed by a sinister laugh.
I was one hundred percent sure that the voice was that of my husband.
Brazenly I stared at the two way mirror and smiled.
"I need more cock! Who wants to fuck me next?" I smiled, hearing shuffling feet and a door open.
My lover eased his flaccid cock from my ass, allowing his spunk to spill out and pour onto the bedsheet. He climbed off the bed as a knock sounded on the locked bedroom door.
"Sounds like your next cock has arrived" my lover smiled as he leant over to kiss me.
"I'll take a rest just now and if you'd like I can pop back later and fuck you again?" He smiled "Maybe bring a second cock along to give you that DP you crave!" He grinned then went to unlock the door.
Standing in the frame was the naked silhouette of my husband.
I smiled erotically, enjoying the sense of empowerment I held over my obviously cuckold husband.
Kneeling on all fours on the bed, wearing only stockings, garters and high heels, looking like the proverbial porno slut.
Hubby walked over toward me with the strongest erection he'd ever sported, thrusting forward as I placed my warm lips around the head of his cock.
My tongue swirled around the purple glans as he began to moan loudly. His arms and legs were shaking with a combination of sexual nerves and unabashed arousal.
I cupped his balls in my left hand and stroked his shaft with my right hand. His cock sliding in and out of my slut mouth as my tongue and teeth gently worked his cock into a frenzy.
I'd never blown his cock in this manner before, to be truthful I was unaware that I was so sexually skilled at the act of fellatio.
Without any warning, my gentle husband snatched his cock from my mouth and turned me over onto my back. In one fell swoop he planted himself between my legs and slammed his hard cock straight inside my gaping asshole.
The change of personality was overwhelming as he began to slam fuck my ass. Thrashing beneath him, I loved the new forceful man fucking my ass.
My legs wrapped around his waist as he continued to plunder my tight asshole.
His cock had never felt larger or harder as he fucked my ass wildly.
"I always knew you were a dirty slut!" He snarled, thrusting every inch of his cock deep in my asshole.
"I need to have other cocks inside me to excite me and my husband!" I whispered.
"Your husband enjoys the fact that you like to be fucked by other men" hubby panted lustfully.
"Yeah I'm a slut!" I breathed "I've been a dirty girl and fucked other men!" I panted, hearing my husband groan and feel the twitching of his cock as he began to unleash his spunk inside my ass.
"Take my spunk you cheating whore" my husband snarled through gritted teeth.
I could feel every forceful spurt of hot creamy spicy spunk splash inside my asshole.
"Give me your seed" I screamed "I'm a cheating trophy wife who loves spunk!" I panted as my husband emptied his entire load deep inside me.
His semi erect cock slid out of my freshly spunked asshole, bringing a small river of spunk out from my stretched asshole. Hubby looked down as I opened my legs as wide as possible and whispered to him.
"You'll have to leave now as there will be more cocks coming in to fuck me!"