"I like to watch."
Lynn said that to me 2 years ago when we had been dating for just a few months. She said it with some hesitation, almost sheepishly, looking to see how I would respond. Such doubt was not typical for this confident, petite brunette. I don't know how many women enjoy watching porn -- it may be common among them -- but I recall thinking that her interest in watching was hott and just one more way in which Lynn and I seemed really compatible. As a man, it's hard to know how a woman thinks, so her admission provided some welcomed insight about Lynn's sexual nature.
We would sometimes watch porn together as a prelude to sex, which allowed us to explore each other's fantasies in a way that seemed safe. We watched a variety, but femdom and bondage eventually became frequent viewing topics for us, and soon enough we were exploring that in the bedroom.
Now here we are in Amsterdam for a long weekend -- a trip planned to celebrate Lynn's birthday and a city that was on our list of must-see places. On Saturday morning (Lynn's actual birthday), I asked if she wanted to do something special. She looked at me playfully and said, "Well, you know I like to watch...so how bout we take in a sex show in the red-light district?" I liked the sound of that! "Seems like you've got a good plan there!" I replied. She nodded and gave me a wink.
That night we headed out to the red-light district, and not surprisingly, it was packed with people. We dropped into a couple of clubs and decided to get a drink in one. She said she had gotten some info online about where to go for live sex shows. "Wow! She really wants this!" I thought. To tell the truth, we were both feeling some excitement. Apparently, there was a place nearby the club we were in, but we lingered in the club, taking in the moment. Funny how the anticipation of something exciting can sometimes be just as exciting. Savoring the moment, we chatted there in the club with drinks she ordered for the both of us. I felt a pretty quick buzz which I attributed to the excitement, the drink and the second-hand smoke of marijuana -- totally legal there. I was thinking it was a pretty cheap high, and I said something to Lynn to that effect, just to be funny. Lynn laughed, but she looked a bit confused, and I realized that I was slurring my speech. At that point I remember falling into someone as I blacked out.
I awoke to the sound of Lynn's whisper in my ear "Baby, wake up." The sun was bright on my face, and I thought "Damn! I slept through the whole night on her birthday!" Except that wasn't quite right. The light was not sunlight but just bright overhead lighting. And instead of being in our hotel room, I was laying face down on what felt like a massage table, except that my hands were tied down at my side and my legs were bound to posts on the floor which were separated, spreading my legs apart. Not a stitch of clothing on me and my cock and balls hanging below my slightly upturned ass.
The realization of my situation was a bit of a shock, but exciting at the same time. Our sexual adventures had been expanding, but this was a major step forward. "Where are we?" I thought. I could still hear the muted sounds of the music and party goers, so I assumed we were in some room in the red-light district.
Lynn stood in front of me dressed as she had been before but with the notable accessory of a riding crop in her right hand. She walked to my right side and pulled back curtains on the wall to expose a full length mirror that covered the wall. The same was true on my left as Lynn pulled back a similar set of curtains there. The mirrors made clear that I was bound and fully exposed, although the lighting made it hard to see much behind me. It was as though I was in a spotlight -- not quite as bright but bright enough that I could not see much beyond the well-lit area in which I found myself bound. In front of me was a high back barstool which was also within the reach of the overhead lighting.
Lynn bent down and put her face to my level. She pulled playfully on my scalp and said "Happy Birthday to me." As she walked around my left side, she traced her nails lightly on my back and down to my ass until she disappeared beyond the spotlight. The sound of her heels clicking on what sounded like a concrete floor somehow enhanced a feeling of anticipation.
Lynn's caress almost tickled as she moved her left hand along my inner thighs, then up to my balls. Her continued movements were soothing and yet unnerving as I was powerless to move. Suddenly, the smack of the crop on my ass created a new sensation, again heightened by my vulnerability. She alternated her caressing with periodic smacks from the crop, which induced a mental and physical response that was exhilarating. This was enhanced by the fact that I could only see her hands in the mirror as they danced in out of the view of the light that was cast down from the ceiling.
After a few minutes of this pleasure / pain dance, Lynn stopped, and I heard her heels clicking again behind me -- the sound so maddening in its seduction. Then her hands were upon my ass again, this time a little more forcefully. I felt the warm sensation of oil on my ass, which she worked into my exposed asshole. Lynn then pressed the soft point of a dildo up against me, slowly working it inside of me. We had experimented with strap-on play before, although tonight she was working this tool thoughtfully with her hand, and she knew that I would not object. In my current restrained and exposed position, any objection on my part would have been futile anyway.
As Lynn worked the dildo in and out of my ass, she spoke to me in hushed tones that were clear: "Take it, babe! You know I like to watch you." In and out, repeatedly. The sensation was wonderful as she penetrated me while periodically grabbing my ass or tickling my balls. Suddenly her hand was on my cock, and that highlighted two points for me. First, I was as hard as a rock, which was clear to both of us. Lynn voiced her approval, "Good boy!" she whispered - almost to herself. Second, I realized that my cock was enclosed in some sleeve that fit snugly, presumably to maintain my erection, although there seemed to be little risk that I could lose it as Lynn continued to work the dildo in and out of my ass.
Lynn pulled the dildo out once again, breaking the hypnotic pleasure cycle. She sensed my momentary frustration at the break and whispered with a laugh "Patience, baby," as she patted my ass. Moments later, Lynn was pressing another dildo against me, and it was clear that this was larger. "Arch your back, baby" she said, as she slowly worked the larger toy inside of me with a gentle effort but with a firmness that made clear that she was in control. It felt uncomfortably large inside me, and I was thankful that she chose not to move it back and forth. Instead, Lynn left the dildo in place and walked around to the front of me, her left hand never leaving my skin as she traced her nails across my back.
She pulled the barstool closer to me and sat down in front, straddling my face with her legs. Raising her skirt, she exposed her pussy and pulled my face squarely into her. She was wet, and I was happy to please her. I ate hungrily as Lynn pulled my hair. In that moment, the sounds of the music and thumping of the beat from the nearby club created a hypnotic sense of pleasure for both of us. My senses were heightened, and the music and crowd noise rang in my ears, seemingly louder than before. Lynn tensed and released, repeatedly pulling me into her with increased intensity, until she came in a loud moan -- almost a scream. Never had her pleasure turned me on so much!
After a moment, Lynn relaxed. She rose from the stool, pushing it back away from me. Then she walked -- almost staggered in exhaustion -- around to the back of me, again caressing me as she went. Slowly she removed the dildo that had somehow become more comfortable as my ass had relaxed around it during her pleasure. Disappearing from my sight momentarily, she returned to sit down in front of me out of reach with a sigh and a look of clear satisfaction on her face.
In the momentary silence, I looked at Lynn as if to say "What now?" She stared at me with intensity, lingering for a moment before silently mouthing the words "I like to watch." As she did so, Lynn held up a remote control of some sort. Pushing a button on it sent a faint vibration up and down my cock, and I realized that the sleeve that surrounded my shaft had come to life. Pleasure surged through me, and in the next instant, I felt hands on my ass again. In shock, I looked at Lynn. "I like to watch," she mouthed again. As I cast a look to the mirrors on the wall to my right, in the spotlight I saw the groping hands of a man of some size, which was confirmed as he pressed his cock against my widely exposed ass.
The stranger, who I will refer to as Mr. Bigs for reasons that became uniquely obvious to me, began working his ample dick inside of me. I was suddenly grateful for the fact that Lynn had used the larger sized dildo on me, because as large as Mr. Bigs was, I was ready for him. Bigs seemed almost thoughtful, considering he was ramming the ass of a total stranger. As he worked forward, I looked at Lynn, again powerless as I was. She seemed pleased as she thumbed the remote, increasing the intensity of the vibrations around my cock, whose erection was going strong despite the presence of another man inside of me.
The beat of the music seemed to increase tempo to match the thrusting of Mr. Bigs, which seemed crazy to me. It was as though the walls were vibrating with the tempo. The entire experience was hugely exhilarating -- the sounds, the sensations on my cock, even the thrusting of a stranger's cock in my ass, and the look of pure satisfaction on Lynn's face.
My orgasm came suddenly. "Fuck!" I yelled almost involuntarily. I spurted multiple times, convulsing which caused me to clench my ass around the dick of Mr. Bigs who then also came intensely with a grunt -- that being the only sound I heard from him. The sense of this stranger's orgasm inside of me was completely new for me, and I wondered if that was similar to a women's sexual experience. I only know that I have never cum so hard, before or since. Mr. Bigs retreated and his hands disappeared. Laid out as I was, a comical thought crossed my mind: "Typical male who cums and then just leaves."
I looked at Lynn. After a momentary pause, she softly said, "I sure love to watch you, baby." Turning down the spotlight, she added "And I think they loved it too." Only in my suddenly darker surroundings could I make out the silhouette of countless party-goers on the other side of the two-way mirrors that lined each side of the room. (One more surprising revelation). The thumping on the walls made clear the crowds' approval of our sex show.