All characters presented in this story are 18 years or older, even if not explicitly stated in the story.
Lily's friendships with her two best and really only friends, Mina and Raven, were more important to her than nearly anything else in her life. They had become friends in 1st grade, all of those years ago. In that time, Lily had grown very protective of her friends. Lily was always more confident and confrontational. She used those aspects of her personality whenever she felt people were taking advantage of Mina and Raven's kindness.
Now they were seniors in high school and thought they were hot shit. True, Lily, Mina, and Raven didn't really have any other friends, and none of them had any boyfriends. Lily went out on a date with a guy last year, but he declined a second date with her. Something about her not shutting up about her nerd crap. The guy was a loser anyway, the three friends told themselves. The three of them would get into the same college and attract all the dudes they could want there. High school guys just didn't get them.
It was lunch before their fifth-period math class with Mr. Dugger. As usual, the three of them were sitting together alone. They were in the middle of a rambunctious conversation about Sailor Moon and the Sailor Scouts. A common topic during their lunch.
"Jupiter could kick Mars and Mercury's ass, even if they teamed up. Read my fan fiction. It explains everything," Mina said to the other girls passionately. They, of course, had read said fan fiction many times.
"That's irrelevant. Mercury's kindness would stop the fight before it even began. I made an eighty-minute video on this exact topic on my YouTube channel," Raven practically yelled. Lily and Mina were the most active watchers of Raven's channel, typically the only ones. Sometimes, an odd viewer would find a video of hers and comment on how Raven's chest looked. This would invoke a very aggressive reply comment from Lily.
"Ladies, let's keep the volume down, please," a passing teacher told them.
"Sorry, we will," Mina said, which ended their latest anime-focused debate. With no obvious next topic, the three friends sat silently for a moment.
"You guys ready for math class," asked Lily, making small talk. Mina and Raven both perked up weirdly in reaction to this question.
"I've really been looking forward to math class all day. I wish it was earlier in the day," Mina replied.
Raven nodded in agreement. "I do, too, but then we would just complain all day after it was over about having to wait a whole other day for the next class." They both laughed at this comment.
Meanwhile, Lily was lost. "Since when do you two enjoy math class so much? It wasn't that long ago I caught you falling asleep in it, Mina."
"Okay, you got me. I really don't care about math. But Mr. Dugger is so handsome. He makes the class go by so fast," Mina said while her eyes looked into the distance at nothing in particular.
Lily laughed out loud at her jest. "That's a good one, Mina. Can you imagine someone actually thinking that about our math teacher?" But her laughter was joined by no one else at the table.
Lily's two friends gave her a dirty look before Raven spoke in agreement with Mina. "Have you noticed how strong his arms look? Can you imagine him shirtless? I think I would faint."
Lily looked hard to see signs of sarcasm from either of her friends but found none. What was causing Lily so much confusion was that their math teacher, Mr. Dugger, was fifty-five years old, mostly bald, and weighed over two hundred pounds. He had a goofy-looking face, too. He wasn't the most hideous guy at all, but no young girl in their mind would speak about him like her two friends were right now. "Are you guys talking about the same Mr. Dugger I am? You guys seriously think he's handsome and strong-looking?"
Both girls nodded their heads. "I mean, let's just admit it. The guy is hot. I know we shouldn't be talking about our teacher like this, but it's the truth," Raven said matter-of-factly.
"Do you think he's single?" Mina asked, keeping this weird conversation going.
"How could he be? But god, if he isn't, I'd be tempted to ask him out."
"I might even if he is taken!" The girls giggled at each other.
"Okay, you both have taken this joke way too far. Stop it now, please. You got me." Lily was still confident her friends were pulling a prank on her. They had never pulled any pranks in the past, but that had to be what this was.
"Lily, what is your problem? We didn't shame you when you had a crush on that jerk William, did we?" Raven's reply didn't really have much weight to it, thought Lily. William was over six feet tall, very toned, and had a strong chin. Also, he wasn't three times her age. It really wasn't the same thing as having a crush on Mr. Dugger.
However, Lily realized she should be more open-minded. Teenage girls, so she has been told, can go through phases where they find certain odd people attractive. No worries if her two friends had a weird crush on their teacher for a week or so. Soon, they would move on to talking about more age-appropriate boys. The bell rang and the group headed towards math class.
When they entered the class, Lily's two friends continued to exhibit odd behavior. "Hi... Mr Dugger. I think that shirt looks really good on you," Mina said, blushing bright red before dashing off to her desk.
"I just want to say I think your eyes are really sparkling today," Raven said almost equally as bashful. Lily felt so much embarrassment for her friends and for Mr. Dugger. But Mr. Dugger didn't respond as she had expected.
"Thank you, Mina and Raven, for the compliments. You two bring such beauty to my classroom. I look forward to the sights of both of your young bodies every day." Lily stood in front of the classroom, breaking down what had just happened in her head. Mr. Dugger spoke with such confidence. He usually speaks cautiously and professionally with students. She had heard rumors that in the past, he was accused of talking too 'familiarly' with a female student, and ever since he kept students at a metaphorical distance. But what shocked Lily the most was the comment about Raven and Mina's 'young bodies.'
"Mr. Dugger, don't ever talk about my friend's bodies again." Lily knew she was being cold and confrontational with her comment. Still, she wanted to stop whatever was happening here well before it developed into something truly bad.
"Lily! Don't be rude! She doesn't speak for us, Mr. Dugger. Thank you for the compliment," Mina said in a stern voice back to Lily. Neither Mina nor Raven have rebuffed Lily like this before. What was going on?
"Lily, I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable. That was not my intention. But you need to accept your two friends are adult women now and everything that comes with that," Mr Dugger said, trying, but failing in the eyes of Lily, to diffuse the situation. The last bell rang, indicating class time had now begun. Lily took her seat next to her friends, hoping all of this was a one-time incident.
Math class went along without any more weird occurrences. But when class was over, Mina approached Mr. Dugger and hugged him. "Thank you for class today, Mr. Dugger," she said. Raven, standing behind them then, also hugged the math teacher.
"Bye ladies! You are all lovely as always," Mr Dugger called out as they left.
"Did you both start hugging your teachers when you leave class," a confused Lily asked.
"Only Mr Dugger. I wasn't sure if he would let us, but I just went for it. God, I feel like I could faint," Mina said, fanning her face with her hand.Before Lily could question her friend's odd attraction to their fifty-year-old math teacher, they went their separate ways to sixth-period class.
Lily had trouble focusing on her last two classes but was at least thankful it was Friday. That night, she was going over to Raven's house for an overnighter. Mina, of course, would be there as well. Even though it felt like five hours, classes eventually ended. After a brief visit to her home to change and grab her things, Lily arrived at Raven's home. She found Raven in her home along with Mina, who had already arrived.
"Oh my gosh, my seventh-period English class would not end," Lily said as she entered Raven's room. Her two friends smiled at her but didn't acknowledge her comment. Instead, they were already engaged in another topic.
"You should totally text him that," Raven said to Mina.
"Text what," Lily asked, settling in.
Mina read off the text currently typed out on her phone. "I have a huge crush on you, but who can blame me. You're a total stud. I long for the day I get to kiss those lips."
Lily was impressed. Mina has had crushes before, but she would never act on them. "Wow, you must really like this guy to be so forward in a text. Who's the lucky man?"
Mina pressed send, and the text was off. "It's Mr Dugger, of course. We were talking about him earlier today, remember?" Lily went a bit pale and lost her voice for a minute.
"I sent him one too! I wrote: I would love to spend more time with you outside class. I'm a good kisser, I promise," Raven read off her phone.
Lily finally found her words again. "You guys are going to get in so much trouble. You might even get Mr. Dugger fired!"
"For sending flirty texts? That's not a crime," Mina said dismissively.
"Students and teachers are not allowed to flirt with each other. Even the hint of an inappropriate relationship has gotten teachers fired in the past," Lily pleaded. It was too late to prevent those texts from getting sent, but she hoped they would text back, indicating they had sent them as a joke or by mistake. "How did you guys even get a teacher's number?"
"Oh, Mr Dugger left us both notes in our lockers. He wrote down his number and said we should get to know each other more. My heart was racing when I found it," Mina said, falling backward onto her back. That made it crystal clear to Lily that Mr. Dugger was driving this whole inappropriate relationship. This wasn't a student having a crush on a teacher but rather a teacher encouraging this behavior. This was very bad, and her friends couldn't see it. And why Mr. Dugger of all teachers?Her friends had responded poorly earlier when she pressed them to stop this behavior, so Lily took another tactic.
"When did you both start having these... feelings for Mr Dugger? I'm just saying you didn't have them a week ago, it seems."
Mina looked like she was giving that some real thought. "Yeah, that's true. This time last week, I was a blind idiot and didn't see our math teacher for the stud he is. I remember after our last math test, Raven and I both got notes on our test to see him after school on Tuesday." Raven nodded in agreement to everything being said. This was also familiar to Lily, but she didn't go with them to this meeting.
"What happened after school? Did he talk about anything besides the test?"
Mina looked to the ground as she thought hard about it. "I... remember walking into his classroom... weird. All I remember after that is being in my bed. Raven, do you remember what we did in the meeting with Mr. Dugger?"
Raven looked equally lost. "It's the strangest thing, but that's how I recall it, too. Walking into the classroom, and then I was back home in my bed." The three girls sat silently, contemplating what this shared gap in their memory meant.
Raven then broke the silence. "I do... remember something that I did after that. Oh my god, I can't believe I'm going to share this. After the meeting, I was in bed, like I said, and started thinking about how hot Mr. Dugger is. So much so that I started fingering....myself. I even made myself... climax. It's the first time I've ever done that, I swear!"
"Oh my god! I was too embarrassed to say so, but me too! I'll admit I've tried masturbation in the past unsuccessfully, but lying there thinking about Mr. Dugger really got me motivated. I've even done it a few times since," a red-faced Mina said. The three friends never talked about such things in the past. The sudden onset of talking about exploring their sexuality and this very odd meeting with Mr. Dugger was all too much for Lily. Mr. Dugger had to have done something to her two friends.
She ran through all of the possibilities in her head as her two friends continued to gush over a man technically old enough to be their grandfather. Blackmail? No, that wasn't it. Why would they act like this when Mr. Dugger wasn't even around if that were true. Maybe they did have crushes? Again no. Two teenagers don't suddenly in the same day masturbate to the thought of their overweight math teacher, if ever. That also didn't explain the gap in their memories.
Lily knew she was dancing around another explanation. But this was real life where things like that didn't happen, right? But it explained everything, even if it was a silly yet terrifying explanation. Mind control. Hypothesis. Or whatever someone might call it. Did Mr. Dugger mind-control her two friends in the after-school meeting to become attractive to them? How would a high school math teacher even manage that?
"Take a picture of me so I can send it to him!" Hearing that, Lily came out of her deep thoughts. Raven was holding up a phone while Mina made a kissy face. How far was Mr. Dugger intending for things to go with her friends. Probably as far as he could, she concluded. Her friends were certainly crossing lines but hadn't taken things too far.
"Oh! You should do that same face but only wear your bra for the picture," Raven advised her friend.
"That's a great idea!" Mina took off her shirt, revealing her pink bra. Maybe things were moving a lot faster than she initially assumed Lily thought.
"Wait, guys. Sending pictures of yourself in a bra to a teacher is crossing a line. It's actually crossing probably a dozen lines. Let's maybe keep things to cute pictures only, okay?" Mina continued to make various poses while Raven took pictures.
"These are cute pictures, Lily. But with the added skin, they are now cute and sexy."
"So sexy," Raven added, snapping another picture. Her friends continued to not take Lily's concern seriously. They switched, and Mina started taking photographs of Raven in her gray bra.
"All my underwear is really boring. We should go shopping sometime for sexier stuff," Raven said as Mina nodded in agreement. Eventually, they had enough pictures and started flipping through them to decide what to send to Mr. Dugger. Lily tried again to persuade them not to do this.
"Mr. Dugger having pictures of students on his phone in their bras will get him fired. He will probably freak out when you guys send them." I didn't believe the words coming out of my mouth. If my theory was true, this is exactly what Mr. Dugger wanted to happen.
"I disagree. I've always read guys love it when you send them sexy pictures. Oh man, I'm so nervous, but I'm ready to send it," Mina said as both girls became very giddy about sending their math teacher a picture of themselves partially undressed.
They found the courage, and the pictures were sent. Lily grew madder and madder the more she thought about what Mr. Dugger had done to her friends. Or at least what she assumed he had done. She needed to get more information before she could act. Lily excused herself and headed to the kitchen. There, she found Raven's mother. Lily considered telling her outright what the girls were doing, but that felt like a betrayal. Instead, she took the opportunity to try to gather some information.
"Good evening, Lily. How was school for you this week," Raven's mother greeted her.
"It was a long week. Glad it's the weekend. Hey, random question. Last Tuesday, were you around when Raven came home?"
She pondered on that for a moment. "Last Tuesday? Oh yes, I was. Why do you ask?"
"Did Raven seem odd at all to you? I don't mean to alarm you or anything. It's just I wondered if something upset her after school, is all."
"Now that you mention it, yes, she was acting off. Normally, when she comes home, she goes straight to the kitchen where I was. She is always hungry and talkative. Tuesday, though, she went straight to her room. I even called out to her, and she completely ignored me," Raven's mother recalled. "Oh, but that evening, she came out for dinner and apologized. She said she did poorly on a math test, and it had her bummed."
"Yeah... that explains it," Lily said. The story she heard only further added to her concerns about mind control but gave no evidence of it.
"But since then, she has really turned her attitude around about math. She talks every day about how much she is looking forward to class. Well, seeing her teacher in particular, but I'm still glad to hear it," Raven's mother added.
Lily walked back to her friends feeling more unsettled than before. Worried about what they might have done while she was gone, she was happy to find them fully dressed. "Oh, Lily! We just got a text back from Mr. Dugger. He said, 'Wow, girls. Thank you for the awesomely sexy pictures. I am so lucky to have such fine young girls as students. I've combined the two pictures you sent into my phone's wallpaper. Now, every time I look at my phone, I'll think of both of you," Mina said, almost coming to tears.
That confirmed to Lily that at least Mr. Dugger was 100% on board with whatever was happening to her two best friends. How he was accomplishing this, she didn't know. Mina and Raven were getting emotional about the text and even discussed what to send next.
"Maybe we don't send anything else this weekend," Lily suggested to the confused looks of her friends. "Because... guys don't like it when you send them a lot of messages. They like their space. Besides, leave him wanting more. Absence makes the heart grow fonder and all that." Mina and Raven both accepted that logic and agreed. Lily had temporarily stopped the bleeding, so to speak, but in the longer term, this could spiral out of control.
The rest of the evening felt very normal, and the three friends did their usual activities together, which didn't include talking about how attractive they found their boomer teachers. By the night's end, Lily had almost forgotten that her friends may be mind-controlled.
But after an ordinary weekend, Monday arrived, and she was faced with the same concerns. The lunch period was filled with excitement from Mina and Raven about how great it was going to be staring at Mr. Dugger during class. Math class saw more hugs and flirting from Lily's friends. At the school day's end, Lily confronted Mr. Dugger directly. But she was greatly concerned. It was an after-school meeting that started her friends down this path. Was she about to follow them by getting hypothesized by their math teacher? Still, Lily had to risk it, she decided. She would be going into this meeting extra carefully.
Building up her confidence outside his classroom door, Lily entered. Mr Dugger was sitting at his desk writing and looked up to see her. "Ah! Lily. What can I do for you? Need help on today's homework?" Lily strategically chose to look away from her teacher, pretending to be interested in something on the wall. She figured mind control required you to look at someone's eyes or an object of some sort.
"No, the homework didn't look that bad. I wanted to talk to you about Mina and Raven. I know about the text they sent you this past weekend, including the picture," Lily said, trying to see how he would react to her knowing this.
"Did you see what I texted them back? I meant every word of it. See my phone background?" Lily could tell from the corner of her eye that he was holding up his phone, but she didn't dare look. Maybe he had some experiential mind control app that he was trying to get her to look at.
"Mr. Dugger, you can't believe that encouraging your students to send you pictures of themselves wearing only a bra is appropriate. If you put a stop to all of this right now and tell my friends not to text you again, I'll forget this ever happened. Otherwise, I'm going to the principal about this. Understood?" Lily's heart was beating after being so direct with a teacher. She had basically just threatened the man's job.
"Lily, I can promise you nothing about what your friends and I are doing is inappropriate. I'm not sure what is prompting you to say these things. Is it jealousy, or are you trying to control your friends' lives because they made a friend you disapprove of? Whatever the case, I think you should re-examine your motivations." As she continued avoiding eye contact, Lily started having doubts about her interpretation of the communication she had witnessed between her friends and the teacher. But she knew deep down all of this was wrong.
"Like I said, if it doesn't stop, I'll go to the principal." Lily quickly left the classroom and went home in a cold sweat.
That evening, Lily worried that her friends may continue texting their math teacher without her knowing. Things could be progressing to even more inappropriate messages and images. She got on her phone and was tempted to message her friends and try to get some clues. However, she had multiple notifications on her phone that Mina and Raven were posting on Twitter. It wasn't unusual for them to post, but they were uploading many messages. Lily opened up the app and immediately understood what was happening. Mina and Raven had moved from private text to flirting with Mr Dugger in a public setting online.
'Math teachers are the best kissers I've heard. Should we test that, Mr. Dugger?'
'I've needed towels for gym, but thanks to my hot math teacher, Mr. Dugger, I need one for math too.'
'Mr. Dugger, could you post some pictures of you without a shirt on? I'll do it if you do.'
Each of them must have posted a dozen of these increasingly sexual messages, all while tagging Mr. Dugger. He was even responding to each one, typically with an emoji of some kind. Scrolling to recent tweets, Lily found what she feared she would see. Mina and Lily were posting pictures of themselves in only their underwear. Not only that, but they did seem to have gone shopping for more revealing underwear. They both sported lacy, low-cut bras and panties that showed off a lot of their cleavage and butt cheeks. This confirmed for Lily that her friend's actions were being controlled. The two of them hated the idea of showing off their bodies. Mina wouldn't even wear a bikini to the pool. But now, Mr. Dugger, the bastard, had them posting nearly nude images of themselves for everyone in the world to see them. In the last picture the girls posted, Mr. Dugger commented, 'Very sexy. Would love to see more!'
Lily knew Mr. Dugger was sending her a clear signal. Daring her to try and tell on him. But the evidence was out in the public now, and Lily would protect her friends. Monday, she would visit the principal.
Lily's free time was during the second period, which is when she planned to meet with Principal Hilda. That morning, though, she first discussed the slew of messages her friends had posted on social media.
"Why in the world did you guys post those pictures of yourselves online? Everyone in the school, the community, hell, the world can see those you know!"
Mina was dismissive of Lily's concern. "We can't be responsible if some guys make certain pictures sexual. A woman could wear a winter coat in a picture, and some guy would find that sexual."
Lily pulled out her phone and opened up one of the pictures Mina had posted the night before. "In this picture, you are spread-legged, wearing only your bra and panties while you are rubbing your nipples through the bra with your fingers. The world's biggest feminist would call this picture sexual."
Mina was getting flustered by Lily's logic. "Okay, fine, I meant it to be a slutty picture. But I posted it for Mr. Dugger to see."
"Did he tell you to post them online instead of just texting him," Lily asked, hoping to get more information to share with Principal Hilda.
"He did, actually. He said it would make the pictures even more special to him. He even said you, Lily, would also like to see them posted. I guess he was wrong about that, though." That fucking bastard, Lily thought.
When the second period arrived, Lily went straight to the principal's office, where she was able to meet with her right away. Lily explained her concerns. First, starting with the flirting and hugging in class and then the initial text and replies. Finally, she showed the principal the tweets posted just yesterday. Lily left out any hint of her mind control theory. Principal Hilda listened intently and seemed to read and examine every tweet. "So, as you can see principal, Mr. Dugger is acting highly inappropriate around Mina and Raven. While it's true they encouraged it, the teacher, Mr. Dugger, should have immediately squashed these feelings. But he has not."
Lily sat quietly for a few moments. She had laid out everything she had and expected Principal Hilda to respond with promises of swift action against her math teacher. "Lily, I'm having a hard time understanding what the issue is here. All I see is a teacher going above and beyond to connect with his students."
Lily couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Principal Hilda, with all due respect, this is completely against school policy. A teacher and student cannot send half-naked pictures and flirty messages to each other."
The principal twirled in her chair and grabbed a binder. "Actually, the school district policy was recently changed. Provided both parties are 18 years or older, teacher and students can send sexual content to each other as much as they like." She plopped the binder before Lily and opened it to the page with the policy in question. Lily could tell this page was much newer than the surrounding ones.
"When was this change made," Lily asked, worried about the answer.
"The district sent me this page first thing this morning, so very, very recently." Lily thanked the principal and left. There was no way things landed this conveniently for Mr. Dugger. A policy change was enacted the day it became relevant to him? Also, what school district would ever pass such a policy?
How was Mr. Dugger doing this? He was influencing more people than just Mina and Raven. But why not control Lily, too? She was the one asking the most questions. She was his biggest threat. Either he couldn't or hasn't been able to control her or is choosing not to. Thankfully, her friends were willing to discuss normal topics at lunch. At least normal topics for the three of them.
"Evangelion is the most overrated anime of all time. The original ending proves that," Mina said, slamming her fist on the lunchroom table.
"Just cause you don't understand it doesn't mean it's bad," Raven pronounced with an over-exaggerated wave of her hand. Lily wished her friends would always be like this and never talk about Mr. Dugger again. But that wasn't to be.
"Did you bring your change of clothes today, Raven," Mina asked.
"They are in my backpack!"
"What did you bring a change of clothes for," Lily asked curiously.
"For our math class. We have a surprise for Mr. Dugger," Raven said. That could not be good. Mr Dugger has them dressing sexy for him in person now.
"You're going to be fully covered, right," Lily asked.
"You'll see.." Mina said in a sly voice.
"No, tell me now. All of the important parts will be covered? Tell me that, at least." But her friends said nothing more, and the bell rang. Mina and Raven wandered off on their own. Lily headed to math class by herself, beating her friends there.
"Good afternoon, Lily. Did you have a good meeting with our principal," Mr Dugger asked. Lily ignored him and sat down. A minute later, her friends arrived. The important parts were covered, but barely. They both sported skirts that ended almost a foot above their knees. There was no way when they sat that anyone standing in front of them couldn't see their panties. Lily really hoped they were wearing panties. Their top wasn't doing much better. It showed off a lot of their mid-drift to the point where you could occasionally see under-boob pop out from under the shirt. They also showed off a lot of cleavage, of course. All of this was made worse because they were obviously not wearing bras. The boys in class gasped when they saw their classmates dressed like this.
Mr. Dugger made it clear he found this acceptable. "You both look beautiful today. In fact, why don't we move you both to the front of the class where I can see you better. You can join them, Lily."
Lily had no desire to be nearer to her teacher but wanted to stay close to her friends. "You walked the halls dressed like this? Are you both insane? Besides the fact that everyone can see 80% of your tits, you are going to get suspended."
"We'll change after math class. We only wore this.."
"For Mr. Dugger, I know," Lily said, interrupting Raven. As class began, Lily could obviously see Mr Dugger's eyes focusing on the bodies of her friends. After a very long stare at Mina's crotch, Lily spoke up.
"Can you please stop staring at your teenage student's bodies and focus on teaching?"
Mina spoke up in defense of her fifty-five-year-old crush. "He can look all he wants." She then spread her legs far apart in clear view of Mr. Dugger.
"Oh god..." Lily moaned.
Later in class, our teacher asked people to come to the whiteboard to work out some practice problems. It didn't take long for Mina to be called. She seemed to be purposelybending over while writing on the board. This exposed a lot of her panties, to the great delight of every guy in class.
"I've never seen someone so beautifully solve a problem," Mr Dugger commented when Mina finished.
"But you did make several errors, so please study harder." Of course, Raven was also called upon, giving the class a good view of her scantly clad body as well.
Class, thankfully, finally ended. Mina and Raven couldn't leave until they gave their math teacher increasingly extended hugs. They then rushed off to change before their next class. This became the new normal for math class. Lily's friends would change before class into very slutty and revealing clothes, to the delight of Mr Dugger. Not to mention every other male in sight. The hallway outside math class became crowded as guys waited in anticipation of seeing what sexy outfit they would wear today.
Lily knew she would find a solution somehow and fix her friends. But she stressed that she hasn't been able to limit the damage. When her friends get their minds back, they will freak out about how much they have revealed their bodies to the school. But it could be much worse, Lily knew. Thursday, after school, Lily went to Raven's house again, under the excuse that she needed to discuss homework with Raven. She and her friend met in her room for five minutes, and Lily got the information she pretended she needed. She left Raven in her room and headed downstairs to the real reason she came here today. Lily found Raven's mother in the kitchen.
"Hello, Lily. Did you get what you needed from Raven," she asked in her always friendly tone.
"I did, thank you. But I need to discuss something with you. Mr Dugger, our math teacher, is being very inappropriate with Raven and Mina. He has been encouraging them to dress in very sexualized clothes in class. They have also been posting images of themselves in very revealing outfits on social media, and Mr. Dugger has responded positively to this," Lily said with a few cracks in her voice. She waited to see how Raven's mother was going to respond. She was expecting a lot of anger towards her daughter and the school. But that is not what happened.
"I saw those social media posts and the clothes that Raven was buying. I had the same concerns as you, so I met with Mr. Dugger earlier in the week." Oh no, thought Lily. Raven's mother continued, "I went into the meeting ready to tear his head off, but I found it all to be a misunderstanding. Mr. Dugger explained the importance of letting the girls express themselves and that he was only trying to encourage it. He's also the best to do so, with him being a teacher. Better he do it than some weirdo."
"But Raven is exposing her body to a lot of people. I think she isn't doing this by her own free will. What if things escalate between them and Mr Dugger even more? What if they get psychical?"
"I imagine they will. It's all part of the process, according to Mr. Dugger." Lily felt that terrible feeling of helplessness in her again. What mother is cool with the idea of their teenage daughter possibly getting physical with a high-school teacher?
"I just have one more question. Did anything weird happen in the meeting? Did Mr. Dugger do anything strange with his eyes, hands, or phone?"
"That's an odd question, Lily," Raven's mother said. But she thought on it for a second, giving Lily hope that she might at least get some intel on his methods. "The weird thing is I don't actually remember the meeting. I remember entering the classroom and being back home. But Mr. Dugger sent me the notes on our discussion, which helped me."
"Okay, thanks," Lily said, feeling no better than before. She left the house and went home. Mr. Dugger seemed to anticipate and be able to get to people ahead of Lily. She needed to be smarter about things.
Friday's classes went as usual. But only if you consider your friends exposing their thongs to the whole class normal. Yes, Mina and Raven were now wearing thongs under their tiny skirts. The only students Mr. Dugger had come up to the board anymore were those two. When Lily pointed this out, she got a lot of angry looks from the other boys in class.
That evening, Lily had talked the girls into going with her to try a new restaurant that had opened in town. She got there ahead of them to secure a table. Sitting down, she really thought this was a good idea. Her friends couldn't act weird here without getting kicked out. Mina and Raven showed up a few minutes later, having gotten dropped off. "Hey girls! Isn't this place nice? I can't wait to try the food," Lily said, standing up to hug her two friends.
"I looked at the prices on the menu up front, I thought it would be a lot more, but they aren't that bad, actually," Mina said, sitting down.
The waitress came by and asked what we wanted to drink. Lily started to answer before Raven interrupted her. "Oh, let's wait. We are still expecting one more."
Lily's head shot around to face Raven. "No... you didn't...." A moment later, she heard a voice that confirmed her friends had done just that.
"Good evening, ladies! I've been looking forward to this all day," Mr. Dugger said, sitting down at the table the three friends were at.
"You invited our math teacher to our dinner! Why?" Lily in a raised voice that turned a few heads.
"Calm down, Lily. Mr Dugger is our friend, and we wanted to invite him along," Mina said, covering her face partially from the people watching them.
Lily controlled her volume better but wasn't accepting his presence. "He's not our friend, he's our teacher!"
"Our hot teacher," Raven said, putting her hand on his arm.
"Lily, I know we have been in conflict a bit over the last couple of weeks. How about we use this dinner to try and work those issues out," Mr. Dugger said calmly to her. Lily knew she wouldn't convince her friends to make their math teacher leave. She could either leave or stay and try to keep things controlled. Lily settled in for a weird dinner.
"Mr. Dugger, did you like the thong I wore today in class? I'm still wearing it now, actually," Raven said weirdly, casually.
"It was fantastic. I mean, your butt was the real highlight. Maybe sometime I could see it without anything covering it," Mr Dugger said.
"Oh god, can we not do this right now," Lily complained.
"Lily, are you going to whine about everything I say to Mr. Dugger? Cause that's going to get old really fast," Raven said harshly to her friend. Mina shook her head in agreement.
"I'm sorry, it's just... I'll stop." Lily tried to take control of the conversation. "Mina, did you watch that link I sent you about Sailor Moon?"
"I did. It was really cool," she replied.
"What is Sailor Moon," Mr Dugger asked.
"It's an anime," Lily said dismissively.
"Here, Mr. Dugger, this is what she looks like," Mina said, holding her phone for him.
"Oh my goodness, that's really cool. You should totally dress as her sometime," he said, looking at the phone.
"That would be way too revealing of a skirt for her," Lily commented, knowing recent events in math class proved that was wrong.
"Costumes like this are expensive," Mina added.
"What if I were to buy it for you to wear," he said excitedly.
"Oh my gosh, really! That would be awesome!" Mina said, tapping her hands on the table in excitement.
"But only on the condition you wear it in math class without panties," the teacher said with a smile.
"Of course," Minda said without delay.
"And I get to borrow it for class, too," Raven added.
"With that short of a skirt on that costume, it will totally expose your vagina if you wear it without panties. You can't be serious about letting everybody in class see that, can you?" Mina and Raven looked at each other.
"I have no desire for any of those dumb guys in glass to see my bare pussy," Mina said, giving Lily some hope that they finally reached a limit as to what they were willing to do. Mina continued, "But if Mr. Dugger wants to see me like that in math, I'm more than willing to expose myself."
"Maybe I'll find one with a thin enough top that you can see your nipples if you don't wear a bra," Mr Dugger said, looking through his phone already for costume options.
"That would be so hot!" Both girls said.
Lily sat silent for the next few minutes as her friends and math teacher looked at costume options and talked excitedly about the girls exposing more of their bodies in math class. They finally found a good option online, and Mr. Dugger ordered it.
"Oh my gosh, I'm so happy about this... Mr Dugger... can I kiss you," a blushing Raven asked.
"Yes, but you have to sit on my lap first," the fifty-five-year-old overweight man said. Raven shot up from her chair and walked over to Mr. Dugger. She lifted her leg over his lap and straddled him such that she was facing him.
"Raven, wait! You've never kissed anybody before. Do you really want your first kiss to be with... a man three times your age," Lily asked in a panic. Raven was staring into the eyes of her math teacher.
"With a stud like this? Absolutely." She then moved in and kissed Mr. Dugger on the mouth. The kiss didn't stop, and soon they were making out. Mr Dugger's hand ran up and down her hips.
Lily was seething. He was now using the control he had over her friends to take things into the physical realm. Raven's first kiss will forever be with this bastard of a man.
"Raven, come on. Give me a turn, too," Mina whined as she fidgeted in her chair.
"Fine...," Raven said, getting off her math teacher's lap. Mina bounced happily over to Mr. Dugger and took Raven's place. As soon as she was in position, she kissed him as well, which quickly turned into another make-out session.
"You guys better stop. The restaurant will kick you out if you keep doing this," Lily commented, trying to end this display. Otherpatrons in the restaurant were staring at the old man making out with teenagers.
Mina pulled herself away from Mr. Dugger's lips. "Lily's right. I don't want to get you in trouble."
"No worries, Mina. Before I joined you all at the table, I had a discussion with our waiter and the manager. They are perfectly fine with us fooling around here," Mr Dugger said before he and Mina resumed making out. Lily was sure she knew what he meant when he said he had a 'discussion' with the restaurant employees. She just wished she had been more attentive and maybe had witnessed whatever mind tricks he had been using.
As the two of them kept making out and Raven started complaining that she wanted another turn, Lily realized the waitress hadn't returned since Mr. Dugger arrived. As Lily looked around to see if she could wave down the waitress, Raven took Mina's place on their teacher's lap. With no signs of the waitress and her friends seemingly only interested in making out with their teacher, Lily was ready to leave. Other people in the restaurant were actively watching the three of them, but she had no desire to. Suddenly, Raven started lifting her shirt up. Lily lunged over and pulled it back down before it got too high, which gained even more attention from the people around them.
Lily talked in a harsh but quiet voice. "Are you fucking crazy? You can't strip here. You'll get arrested!"
"I'm sorry, geez. I was just really enjoying Mr. Dugger's lips and felt like showing off more of my body to him," Raven said in a brief break from kissing.
"I don't see any issues taking clothes off. Again, I talked to the manager. He said it would be no problem," the math teacher stated.
"You specifically asked if it's okay that teenagers strip while they make out with you in their restaurant," Lily said in disbelief. This time, Mr. Dugger didn't stop kissing to respond, instead just nodding his head while he stuck his tongue down Raven's throat.
Lily began panicking. Every eye in the restaurant was on them, and phones were starting to come out to take videos. At this rate, Lily's friends were going to put on a public sex show for all of these people and probably the world when things get posted online.
"How about we leave, and you guys can kiss in my car," Lily ended up practically yelling.
That got Mr. Dugger's attention. "Raven and Mina, could you give us a minute," the man said, directing the high-schooler off his lap. Raven and Mina put on a pout but complied, leaving Lily and him alone at the table.
"But no getting naked, okay? Nothing sexual. You can have them strip to their underwear and kiss, that's all," Lily said, feeling very weird negotiating how far her math teacher could go sexually with her friends.
Mr. Dugger continued to keep up an act. "That's very nice of you to give us a private area to express our admiration for each other. How far we go will depend on what Mina and Raven allow." Lily knew how far they would take things would align precisely with what Mr. Dugger wanted.
"But I can promise we won't break your set boundaries." Lily was fine taking him at his word as long as they left the public eye of the restaurant. She started to walk out before the math teacher added one more warning. "If you were to prove yourself unreliable and not allow us to proceed as we agreed in your car, I may have to allow Mina and Raven to express their love for me in a much deeper manner in a public area. Keep that in mind."
Lily didn't respond but knew what that meant. Mr. Dugger was now threatening her, although not with violence but rather sexual use of her friends. They walked out, and Mr. Dugger announced the news to the two waiting girls. "Lily is going to drive us all in her car to a nice quiet area where we can chill together. She has also promised she will not leave until we are all done hanging out. Isn't that fun!" Mina and Raven jumped up and down, clapping their hands. Lily was far less excited by having to stay in the car while her best friends made out with their middle-aged math teacher in their underwear.
The two friends and Mr. Dugger crowded into the backseat, leaving Lily alone in the front. Lily knew of a quiet, dark parking lot where she could park the car. She was tempted to find an area where the police might interrupt them, but she had no clue where that could be. Even before they left the restaurant's parking lot, the two girls and middle-aged man were already kissing. Lily tried to focus on the road, but on the way there, she could tell both girls already had their shirts off, but their bras remained as agreed. She found the parking lot mostly empty as she hoped and parked. Curiosity got the better of her, and she turned around and saw the girls were entirely in their underwear. Mr. Dugger had his hands on the outside of Mina's bra, groping it deeply. Lily almost spoke up in protest but remembered their agreement had made no stipulations about groping. He had better just keep in on the outside of their underwear.
"Mr. Dugger, can I take off my panties," Raven asked, putting her hands on the sides of her hips. The math teacher broke away from Mina and considered this question while staring at Raven's crotch.
"Not tonight... I think we would make Lily too uncomfortable," he replied, giving Lily a quick glance.
"Boo! Way to be a cock block Lily," Raven complained.
Lily settled in, trying to distract herself from the many sounds and movements occurring in the backseat. The bastard's mind control tricks were allowing him to feel every inch of her friends. It was only a week ago the girls started showing any interest in him, and now they were half-naked with him. Another week could lead to almost anything happening. Lily was running out of time to find a solution but had no ideas.
"Oh my god, Mr. Dugger, that feels amazing. Don't stop," Mina moaned. Fearing the worst, Lily spun around to see what caused such a reaction from her friend. Mr. Dugger's hands were now rubbing the outside of Mina's panties, much to the pleasure of the young girl.
"Hey, none of that. My car, my rules," Lily called out. Mr Dugger complied and removed his hand but gave Lily a worrying look. Had she just broken their deal? This seemed like a gray area.
"God damnit Lily. Why do you have to be such a prude! I was probably going to cum at the rate things were going," Mina complained.
"And I didn't even get a turn getting my pussy rubbed," Raven added.
"Ladies, I think we should call it a night. We will have to do this again sometime. Can you drive us back to the restaurant, please, Lily," Mr. Dugger asked calmly. Lily drove them back and was relieved the fooling around in her back seat didn't start back up again. The three of them exited the car. Mina and Raven gave Mr. Dugger a very long good night kiss each, which included him getting a good grope of each of their asses. They headed to their respective cars and left. Lily followed her friend's car to ensure a second secret meet-up wasn't occurring but was convinced the night was over.
Over the weekend, Lily had no plans with her friends but spent all of Saturday and Sunday worrying they could meet up with Mr. Dugger and take things further than they did in her car. It was apparent her friends wanted to. The only thing stopping it was those three getting together. Lily found every excuse to call her friends and find out what they were doing. She even made cookies so she could drop them off at each of their houses to confirm they hadn't sneaked off to their math teacher's bed. By the end of the weekend, Lily was very stressed out but was certain Mr. Dugger hadn't made time to get sexual with the two girls.
But she knew Monday would bring more opportunities for interaction between the three of them, and she would struggle to keep them apart. Lily decided to implement the only idea she had. "Mom, can I talk to you about something," Lily asked her mother.
Lily explained to her how Mr. Dugger had been getting sexual with Mina and Raven, from flirting to sexting to now kissing. Lily left out a lot of information to keep things simple, including the mind control concerns. "Thank you, Lily, for bringing this to my attention. This is very concerning. Tomorrow after class, I'm going to confront this math teacher of yours and put an end to things," Lily's mom said in a severe tone.
"Wait. That's fine, but don't go into his room without me. Please. It's important," Lily pleaded. She knew she couldn't let her mom be alone with Mr. Dugger. There was a risk that he could take control of both of their minds, but maybe he couldn't do that.
"Okay, honey. We'll meet right after school outside his room and go in together." Lily was anxious about this meeting, but it was the only option she could think of.
Lily was a nervous wreck at school the next day and didn't do very well paying attention in her classes. Lunch consisted primarily of Mina describing how awesome Mr. Dugger's hand felt on her panties and further complaining that Lily stopped them from going further with things Friday night. Lily didn't say much and was still focused on how the after-school meeting might go. In math class, Mina and Raven continued to wear very revealing clothing, but nothing beyond what they wore the previous week. What did change was when the questions Mina and Raven worked out on the board were correct or close to correct, they were rewarded with a one-minute make-out session. Other students were worried they would be similarly rewarded, but Mr. Dugger assured them they would not be. Not that anyone but Lily's friends were called to the whiteboard during class.
Lily wondered what her fellow students thought about these occurrences in math class. Surely, they told others about it, including parents. Most likely, though, any concerned parents were getting filtered through the school principalor other school administrators that Mr. Dugger had already taken care to hypnotize.
Math class finally ended, and Lily proceeded with the rest of the school day as usual. When the final bell rang, she rushed back to Mr. Dugger's classroom. When Lily arrived, her mom wasn't there yet, which she took to mean she got here first. She paced outside the classroom for five minutes, being careful not to walk past the door and possibly be seen by her math teacher through the window in the door. Feeling worried, Lily pulled out her phone to see if she had any messages from her mom and found that she did. Her mom had sent her one about five minutes before classes were let out. 'FYI, your math teacher found me waiting outside of the room and invited me in to wait. He said you can come in when you get out of class.'
Lily nearly had a panic attack. Her mom has been waiting with Mr. Dugger this whole time? She burst into the classroom, hoping to catch the teacher in the act of trying to control her mom's mind before he could finish whatever method he was using. Instead, she found her mom fully naked, lying on the desk of Mr. Dugger with him balls deep in her. Lily quickly turned around, not wanting to see this sight.
"Oh my god, mom! What are you doing!" She yelled.
Lily's mom was breathing heavily but responded. "I'm meeting with Mr. Dugger, just like you wanted. Sorry, we got started without you."
"Why are you having sex with my math teacher! You know this isn't what I meant when I said I wanted us to meet with him." Lily and Mr. Dugger showed no signs of interrupting their sexual encounter now that Lily had arrived.
"You wanted me to confront your math teacher about his interactions with Mina and Raven. Mr. Dugger raised an excellent point that the best way for him and me to do that is to let him have sex with me in his classroom."Lily knew upon hearing those words that her own mother had been taken control by Mr. Dugger. Still, she had to try and talk sense into her.
"Can you both just stop fucking so we can talk normally," Lily begged.
"Not until your math teacher unloads his cum into my pussy honey. Fuck that feels so good," Lily's mom moaned. Lily, without realizing it, turned around briefly. She saw her mom's ample naked breast bouncing back and forth in rhythm to Mr. Dugger's humping. Her mouth was agape, and her hands were rubbing all over her naked body. They were both glistening with sweat.
Lily quickly turned back around, regretting instantly peaking back at them. These were the last two people in the world she ever needed to see in a state like this. "Mom, what about dad? You are cheating on him by having unprotected sex with this guy you barely know. In front of your own daughter, too!"
"Your dad appreciates the challenging things a parent must do when raising a kid. Now, will you please shut up and let us focus. I'm getting close to cumming!"
Knowing she could not get through to her mom, Lily ran out of the classroom. Staying served no purpose other than to further expose her to seeing and hearing her mom fuck. Instead, she waited outside of the classroom. She wasn't sure what would happen after they finished having sex, so she decided to stick around. Despite being in the hallway now, she could still hear them. Her mother was moaning and yelling loudly. Lily didn't want to admit this, but it was obvious her mother was achieving multiple orgasms.
Finally, ten minutes later, the classroom was silent again. Lily didn't know if she should risk going back inside or not. But the door opened just an inch, and her mother called out to her. "Lily, can you please join us again." The door closed before she could ask questions, so Lily followed directions and walked back into her math classroom. Inside, her math teacher and mother were both fully naked but no longer fucking. Lily again turned around, not to face them.
"Lily. Turn around. You are being rude to both of us," her mother complained.
"Nope. Not going to face you both while you are naked. Get dressed first."
"We are both fine as we are. But do what you want, Lily, but know I'm not happy with your behavior," her mother scolded.
"I'm not the one who just cheated on her husband with this slob," Lily said, gesturing behind her back towards the math teacher. Lily felt no need to show her math teacher any respect. Before her mom could scold her further, Lily continued speaking. "I asked you to talk to Mr. Dugger about him getting sexual with his students. Specifically my two best friends, Mina and Raven. In response, you got naked for him, had sex, and now his cum is sitting in your pussy. Do you think your actions did anything to address my concerns, mother?"
Her mom paused before answering, giving Lily a momentary hope that maybe she had gotten through to her. "I know this confuses you, but you need to trust me. What me and your math teacher did, and maybe will do more in the future, was directly to the benefit of you and your friends."Lily had nothing to lose at this point and decided to lay all her cards on the table. Lily turned around to face the naked bodies of her mom and math teacher.
"Listen to yourself, mom. Mr. Dugger is mind-controlling you, my friends, and the school administrators. Think about it. Have you ever had to solve a problem before by fucking a stranger? It doesn't make any sense unless Mr. Dugger is doing something to your mind to make it make sense," Lily pleaded.
Again, her mom paused, her face revealing nothing at first. But then simultaneously, both naked adults burst out laughing. "Lily. Do you really believe I can control anyone's mind? How would I do that? Have you ever seen me do that," the math teacher mockingly asked.
"Well, no. But how else do you explain why my own mother and two best friends want to get sexual with you?"
Her own mother answered that. "Because we want to. Or we want to show appreciation for everything Mr. Dugger has done. Or having sex with him benefits us or our friends in some way. All of these reasons and countless more make more logical sense than your high school math teacher being the world's first bonafide hypnotist." Again, the two laughed, and Mr. Dugger watched Lily's mother's breast jiggle.
Lily felt immensely embarrassed. She knew her math teacher was doing something to convince all of these people to act so against their will. But having said her mind control theory out loud, she agreed that it sounded ridiculous. "Okay, fine. Sorry. Can you just get dressed so we can go now, Mom?" Lily said, turning back around to face away from them.
"Well, I was actually thinking while I'm here, I might visit your other teachers naked and have sex with them, too. It worked so well with your math teacher, why not do it with all of your teachers? Maybe even some of your classmates, too." Her mother said that with a perfectly serious tone. She wasn't being sarcastic or jesting in the least. Mr. Dugger was threatening to turn Lily's mother into a whore for the whole school.
Again, Lily turned around but made direct eye contact with her nude math teacher. She mouthed the word 'no' to him. He stared at her intently, and Lily did her best to return the stare with equal intensity.
"I don't think that will be needed. You should just get dressed and head home. If Lily has any more concerns, I think she knows she can bring them to me directly. Otherwise, we will take you up on your offer to have you fuck any all willing males in the school." Mr. Dugger never lost eye contact with Lily while speaking. Lily now knew she couldn't risk seeking outside help again, or her math teacher would indeed make good on his threat to whore out her mother. The idea of the boys in her class fucking her non-stop was horrifying.
Lily's mom proceeded to get dressed, as did Mr Dugger. Right before Lily and her mom left, Mr. Dugger had one last comment to make to her. "If I could be so bold, Lily mentioned your husband, her father, earlier. I would recommend you start engaging in threesomes with him. You can find willing women online and, in the worst case, women you can hire. I think you'll find it threesomes will greatly help your marriage."
"That's a fantastic idea, Mr. Dugger. I'm actually embarrassed I hadn't thought of that previously. We will do that for sure," Lily's mom said excitedly. Lily gave Mr. Dugger a very pissed-off look, to which he only responded with a smile.
Lily's mom was dropped off at the school by her dad, which was weird to think about. Her dad had given his wife a ride so she could cheat on him in front of their daughter. Lily's mom insisted Lily drive as she was already downloading apps and sending messages to potential women to join her and Lily's dad for a threesome. Much to Lily's creepiness, her mom kept showing her pictures of girls and making comments about how much her dad would probably like to plow them while she got eaten out by them.
When they got home, Lily rushed to her room as she didn't want to hear the conversation where her mom tried to convince her dad to bring girls to their house for them both to fuck. It seemed her dad was very keen on the idea as that evening, a random thirty-some-year-old girl joined them for an awkward dinner. As soon as they finished, Lily was told she was in charge of cleaning up as the three of them rushed upstairs to fuck. As she rinsed off dishes and heard her mom yelling in pleasure, Lily's anger at her math teacher grew to new levels.
By midnight, her parent's bedroom quieted down, and Lily was finally able to fall asleep. School the next day proceeded as it had the last two weeks, including a math class filled with scantly clad Mina and Raven making out with the teacher. After school, today would be different, though. It was time for the monthly meeting of the anime fan club. The club was nothing special. It was composed of Lily,Mina, Raven, and about five other guys. Club get-togethers always devolved into the three girls discussing their own favorite animes in their own group while the guys talked about their own more action-oriented animes in a separate discussion. This wasn't different from a typical lunch period for the three friends, but Lily still enjoyed the time. With lunch now filled with discussions on Mina and Raven's attraction for a certain overweight fifty-five-year-old man, Lily hoped they would stay on topic in the club meeting.
Once school ended, they met up in the classroom the club was assigned to. Today, it looked like all eight of their usual members were attending. Before they settled in for the regular separate discussions, the club president, a boy named James, addressed the group. "I have one quick announcement before we begin. We have a new teacher sponsor for our little club. In fact, he asked to come to today's meeting. Please, everyone, let's welcome Mr. Dugger."
This was somehow both shocking and expected to Lily as her math teacher entered the classroom door. The other seven students stood up and applauded, Mina and Raven happily hopping while Lily stared daggers at him. What did he have planned, she wondered. Did he always plan on being here at this club, or was this another punishment for Lily bringing her mom into this?
"Thank you all. I'm very excited to be part of this club. Mina and Raven have been telling me a lot about anime, and I look forward to learning more. But one thing does trouble me about this club. From what I've been told, club meetings involve the girls and guys having separate discussions with minimal interactions. This needs to stop. The club should be bringing you all together, not apart."
Mina stood up. "I agree completely with your Mr. Dugger. I have always wished we could have one large discussion together." Lily knew this wasn't what Mina truly thought. Mina hated the other guys in the group. Anytime one of them would try to chime into the discussion we three girls were having, she would snap at them to mind their own business.
Lily stood up next. "We like different types of animes and thus have different discussions. It's not a big deal."
Mr. Dugger shook his head. "It is a big deal, but I understand the challenge. You all just aren't comfortable enough with each other. We need an icebreaker, and I know just the thing. Mina, Raven, please come to the front of the group." No, he wouldn't do something like that, would he?.
Mina and Raven bounced to a position in front of everyone. "Girls, please strip down to your underwear. I think the boys would enjoy that, right?"
"Happy to do that for your Mr. Dugger!" Both girls said strangely in unison. The five guys looked at each other in amazement. None of these guys were in our math class, so this was likely the first time they had seen the girls act like this in person. Social media was filled with Mina and Raven wearing scantly clad clothes thanks to Mr. Dugger's encouragement.
Mina and Raven took off their shirts, revealing their black lacy bras. The bras showed off a lot of cleavage. The boys were in silent shock as Lily's two friends continued by pulling off their skirts. Of course, they were both wearing thongs and turned around to give everyone a good look at the majority of their ass. The guys finally broke their silence and cheered loudly. Mr. Dugger was also clapping. Lily stayed silent in her seat, her arms crossed in anger.
"Can you feel it? Can you feel the barrier between us getting broken down? Thank you, Mina and Raven, for that," their new club sponsor declared. The two girls bent over in a bow, giving the guys an even better look at their barely contained breasts. The five guys stopped clapping to focus on watching them. Mr. Dugger hadn't finished speaking yet, though.
"But I think we can do even better, don't you? Would having Mina and Raven expose their breast make you guys feel even closer to them?" The crowd of guys erupted in agreement. Mina and Raven were also very excited by this.
"Yes! We've been wanting to show you our naked tits for a long time, Mr. Dugger," Raven said, bouncing up and down.
Lily couldn't stand for this. "You are asking students to show their bare boobs at a school event Mr. Dugger. Everyone here will get suspended for sure. We've had our fun with them stripping to their underwear, but it has to stop here!" Lily was overwhelmed with the angry looks from every student in the club.
Mr. Dugger raised his hands, sensing the hostility. "Lily raises a good point. As the sponsor of this club, I shouldn't be dictating what the club does. Let's put it to a vote instead. Raise your hand if you want Mina and Raven to remove their bras and let us see every square inch of their gorgeous tits." The outcome of this vote was known to Lily before a single person raised their hands. Mina and Raven even jokingly raised both of their hands to go along with every other person in the club. "It's decided then. Girls, you may proceed."
Lily wanted to look away, not having any desire to see her friend's naked tits on display, but she didn't. Somehow, she hoped the two girls would yell 'just kidding,' and everything would snap back to normal. But instead, her two long-time friends reached behind their backs. When she saw the tension on the straps loosen, she knew they would follow through. In a swift motion, both girls pulled their bras off their chests, and for the first time ever, they were letting their tits be seen fully. Not by a long-term boyfriend they had developed strong feelings for, but by a group of five classmates they barely knew and their middle-aged math teacher. Lily had told herself that letting themselves be seen in their underwear was embarrassing, but this would be mortifying for her friends when she broke their mind control.
Feeling emboldened, James, the club president, stood up and made a motion of his own. "I propose we vote on whether the girls should remove their thongs and get fully nude for the club!"
"Oh my god! Gross! We are not getting naked for you. How dare you ask that of us!" Mina covered her chest and walked away from James and the other guys. Raven responded similarly.
"But... I... sorry...," James said in a mix of confusion and regret. Lily noticed that her friends were not open to sexual suggestions from others. Only Mr. Dugger.
The math teacher came up behind the two topless teens and put his arms around their shoulders. "Now, girls, remember why we are here." Mina and Raven looked ashamed and dropped their hands, revealing their tits again to the group. "James brought up a good proposal that didn't warrant the reaction you both gave him. I think for that, you owe him an apology." Both girls nodded and walked over to where James was sitting.
James looked scared, not sure what was about to happen. Raven straddled the legs of her fellow 18-year-old classmate, putting her naked tits at eye level with him for a moment. She then leaned down and started kissing the confused boy. The kissing went on for a minute, getting more and more passionate. Raven then got off him, allowing Mina to take the same place, with another minute of kissing. The nearly naked girls then joined their teacher at the front of the group. Mina looked at him, and they both nodded. "I second James' proposal that we vote on whether Raven and I show all of you guys our fully naked bodies. Raise your hand if you agree."
Lily didn't even bother looking at the hands to know the outcome. Lily looked to her friends, who started reaching to pull their thongs down. "Give me a sign you are in there and want me to stop this," she pleaded to them. Neither gave her a sign.
Instead, Raven declared, "My pussy is so soaked from thinking about Mr. Dugger finally getting to see me fully naked." Both girls dropped their thongs to the floor and stepped out of them. The boys stood up out of their seats and crowded the two girls. Not daring to touch them but moving around them to see girls' nude bodies up close and from whatever angle they pleased. Even Mr. Dugger got in for close looks, giving the girls weird compliments on their vagina and nipples. Compliments Mina and Raven immensely enjoyed getting.
Lily was highly considering leaving. Watching her brainwashed friend's nude bodies getting gawked at by these boys was not enjoyable in the least for her. But if there was a chance she could keep things from going further, she had to stay and try. Almost on cue, Mr Dugger spoke up again. "Should we take things even further? Maybe we should have them..." Before he could bring up whatever perverted idea he had next, Lily dove in and interrupted.
"No! Please Mr. Dugger, this is enough for today. I'm begging you, leave it here. They've already exposed their bodies to you and everyone here. Isn't that enough? Please..." The boys, Mina and Raven, complained loudly about Lily interrupting their fun. Lily ignored it and looked only at her math teacher, who stared at her in return. Finally, he raised his hand, which instantly silenced the student.
"Lily is right. I think this will conclude the anime club this month. But don't worry, the next meeting will be here before you know it. And I'm sure Mina and Raven will have lots to show us." The students were disappointed but accepting of that. A few of the guys went out of their way to bump Lily on their way out, but that was a much better outcome than the club turning into an orgy.
James asked Mr. Dugger, "I don't want you to get in trouble. Should we keep it a secret what happened here today?"
The math teacher laughed. "I'm not going to get in trouble. You just saw your first naked woman in person, right? You should be proud of that and tell everyone what happened." Lily clenched her fist. Mr. Dugger had not only turned her friends into strippers, he wanted everyone to know it as well.
The next day at lunch, Lily noticed Mina and Raven were excited about something. "What's going on? What did Mr. Dugger tell you to do in math class today," Lily demanded to know.
"You'll see.." Mina said, giggling.
"You're not going to get naked for the whole class, are you? Jesus Christ. Let's say you do really like Mr. Dugger. If he really liked you two, would he ask you to get naked for other people?" But the two girls ignored Lily, whispered to each other, and laughed for the rest oflunch.
Lily walked to math class very slowly, even contemplating skipping it. But she walked in and took a seat right when the bell rang. She was surprised to find that neither of her friends were there yet. Maybe they skipped? Mr. Dugger stood up from his desk and addressed the class. "We've all been working hard these past two weeks, and I wanted to show my appreciation to all of you."
Over the past two weeks, they have done nothing in class but watch Mina and Raven expose the majority of their body while working on problems on the board. Mr. Dugger hadn't taught them much of anything but still assigned plenty of homework. "More accurately, Mina and Raven wanted to show their appreciation. Ladies, you can come in now."
Both girls walked into the classroom fully naked. The boys in the class were exceptionally excited. Some stood up, others watched in awe while the more sexually experienced ones yelled out in joy. Mina and Raven stood confidently in front of the class, holding hands. They looked to their teacher, who gave them an approving nod. "We hope you all like seeing our naked bodies as much as we like showing them to Mr. Dugger. But that's not all we wanted to show you. We would also like to masturbate for you." That made even the most rambunctious of the buys fall silent. Were they really going to watch two of their female classmates masturbate in math class?
Lily knew when her friends said, 'we would like,' they meant 'Mr. Dugger told them to.' Both girls climbed on Mr. Dugger's desk and laid down on it, spreading their legs wide. With their exposed pussies facing the class, they started fingering themselves. Just as they were beginning, a girl in the class stood up.
"Mr Dugger, this is a math class. You are supposed to be teaching us. Not having these two teenage sluts get off on showing off their bodies!" Lily was glad to hear another student complain. She didn't appreciate her calling her friends sluts, but that was a minor point at this stage. Mina and Raven didn't let this outburst interrupt them and started to penetrate their pussies with a single finger moving in and out.
Mr. Dugger slowly approached the upset student. "Wendy. Didn't we meet about your concerns with what Mina and Raven were doing two days ago? Your mother joined us for that meeting. Do we need to review the outcome of that meeting again?"
Wendy lowered her head. "No. Sorry Mr Dugger." She sat down at her desk. Lily knew exactly what had occurred at this meeting to make her quiet down like that. Maybe Lily had found an ally.
"Psst. Wendy. I have your same concerns, and the same thing happened with my mom. Maybe we can help each other," Lily whispered to the girl.
"Maybe you can shut the fuck up. It's your slutty friends that caused all of this. I don't want anything to do with you," the girl harshly replied.
"Girls, please pay attention," Mr. Dugger told Lily and Wendy. To what, Lily thought. Her friend's wide-opened vaginas? Will there be a test on them? Both girls were now using two hands. One of them was now pushing three fingers in and out of their pussies while the other hand rapidly fingered their clits. The girls were also getting very loud with their moans.
"Mr. Dugger, I really want your cum."
"Oh god, I wish it was your dick in me instead of my fingers."
"Can you put your dick in me for just a bit, Mr. Dugger? I promise I won't stop masturbating while you do it."
Lily's friends were now actively asking to have sex with their math teacher. All he did was stand back and watch his students masturbate, electing not to join them despite their begging.
Raven suddenly sat up and started convulsing. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming," she yelled over and over before collapsing back down. A minute later, Mina achieved her own orgasm. She was more quiet but ended up squirting in front of twenty-five students while she came. After giving them another half minute to recover, Mr. Dugger had both girls sit up.
"That was fantastic girls. How did you get so good at that," he asked them.
Raven managed to answer first. "Well, we both masturbate to the thought of you, Mr. Dugger, a couple of times a night. We've gotten pretty good at it."
"Let that be a lesson to you all. Practice is the key to everything. Whether it be masturbation or math."
A boy in the back raised his hand. "Will Mina and Raven masturbate in class every day now?"
"I don't see why they shouldn't. Absolutely," Mr Dugger said, looking back at the two naked teenagers who smiled back. Some of the guys high-fived hearing this. From strippers to a masturbation show. Mr. Dugger was pushing Lily's friends to do more and more depraved acts for the school.
Class the next day proved Mr. Dugger's comment was not a lie. The girls again took positions on the desk and began masturbating. Mr. Dugger encouraged everyone in the class to look closer and even record and share what they witnessed. Lily panicked at this as now her friend's nude body would be online forever. That couldn't be undone when she got her friends' minds back. But she was powerless to stop anything. Close-up videos of Mina and Raven's pussies were the talk of the school and shared extensively. Every guy in school now knew what their faces looked like when they came. Whatever dignity the girls may have been hanging onto was now completely gone in the eyes of the school.
After the fourth class in a row watching her two teenage friends cum on top of a middle-aged teacher's desk, Lily decided to risk another meeting with Mr. Dugger. She wouldn't dare bring anyone else, especially her mom. She wouldn't be able to come anyway, as she spent her afternoons tracking down a new woman who would be willing to get fucked by Lily's mom and dad that night.
Lily walked into the classroom and was relieved to see her math teacher at his desk alone. She half worried she would find her friends here doing something even more perverted. "Ah, Lily. I was expecting another meeting with you. I'm glad it's just you this time. Not that I wouldn't mind seeing your mother again, of course. Is your father enjoying her new passion for threesomes?"
Lily knew he was trying to piss her off, and she tried to avoid taking the bait. "Mr. Dugger, just tell me your intention with my friends. I just want to know. I can't stop you. We both know that."
"My intentions? I'm a teacher, Lily. My intention is to teach as it always has been."
Lily hoped they could finally be honest with each other, but Mr. Dugger still seemed to want to play things coy. "How far do you intend to take things sexually with them?" Mr. Dugger gasped, which surprised Lily. Was her saying that shocking? No. This wasn't a shocked gasp. Lily was also starting to pick up on the weird noises underneath his desk.
She shot around to behind his desk and found a fully naked Mina and Raven underneath, both with their hands and mouths all over Mr. Dugger's exposed dick. "Jesus Christ. You're blowing your math teacher now? How long have you been doing this now!" Mina took her mouth off of the man's dick briefly to answer.
"Since yesterday after school. Raven and I are having a contest to see who can swallow the most loads by the weekend." Mina put her mouth back on the tip of cock.
Raven looked back and proudly declared, "I'm winning my one load!" Mr. Dugger grunted to Raven's shock. A few seconds later, Mina took her mouth off of the dick again.
"Not anymore, you aren't!"
"God damnit Lily. You made me miss swallowing Mr. Dugger's cum." The two girls then proceeded to lick the shaft of the cock, attempting to get it hard again for another blow job.
"You're having sex with your students now," Lily said, looking at Mr. Dugger as he enjoyed the glow from cumming in her friend's mouth.
"Lily, it's just blow jobs. Your friend's virginities are completely intact. I know that's important to you." Lily took out her phone and took a quick picture of Mina and Raven licking Mr. Dugger's penis. She was sure to get his face in the picture as well. She then ran out of the room.
This was a stupid plan, but maybe he had overlooked it. Lily rounded the hallway corner and found the main office. Lucky for her, the principal was still in her office. She entered, closing the door behind her. "Lily, I'm swamped right now. Can you make an appointment for us to meet later," Principal Hilda asked.
Lily ignored that and pulled out the picture on her phone. "Mr. Dugger is engaging in sexual acts with students, and I can prove with this picture."
The principal adjusted her glasses and looked at the picture. "That looks like Raven and Mina licking the penis of Mr. Dugger."
"You said the school policy before was students and teachers could talk sexually to each other as long as they don't do sexual acts. Well, here you go."
The principal took the phone from Lily's hand and looked at it closer. "Is Mr Dugger giving these two better grades in exchange for these sexual acts," she asked.
"I mean, no, but does that matter?" Lily had seen her friend's grades. If anything, Mr. Dugger has been grading them unfairly harshly since they developed their infatuation with him. Lily's grades had improved despite her actively trying to get him in trouble. Lily continued, "This should be an open and shut case. I'll bet even Mina and Raven will admit to doing this with him."
The principal looked up from the phone at Lily. She then swiveled in her chair and grabbed a binder, which she plopped right in front of Lily. "No..." Lily said as she knew where this was going.
"Yep. The new rule was enacted by the board just yesterday. It says teachers and students 18 years and older are free to engage in any manner of sexual acts as long as they are not used to influence school performance."
"How are parents not rioting the school board? What school would allow students to get fucked by teachers?" The principal shrugged. Lily left the office once again, feeling utterly defeated. Right now, her friends were being mind controlled to suck the dick of their math teacher, and Lily had no way to stop it.
The final days of the school week concluded with more in-class masturbation and Lily's friends talking non-stop about their blow job competition, which Mina ended up winning by just two mouths full of cum. This weekend, though, was the school's prom. Well in advance of her friends starting up this ridiculous relationship with their math teacher, Lily, Mina and Raven had made plans to attend the dance as friends. Lily had been worried about them wanting to bring Mr. Dugger as their date, but they confirmed they would not be. They also had pre-dance dinner plans, and again, they promised he would not show up for that either. He was busy that evening. They even, with a lot of complaining, agreed to minimize the talk of blowing, stripping for, or other sexual acts with their math teacher. Lily was greatly looking forward to this dance now.
The girls had a lot of fun at dinner in their new fancy dresses. True to their word, Mr. Dugger never showed. He may have turned Mina and Raven into sluts, but he kept them honest. Maybe too honest at times. Feeling better than she had all month, Lily arrived at the dance with her two best friends. The start of the dance was rough as Mina and Raven got a lot of comments about the many videos of them naked and masturbating all of the students had seen. Lily took them to the dance floor, where it was too loud to hear such comments. There, they forgot their worries and danced.
Four songs and intense dancing later, the girls had sweat glistening on them. The music switched to a slow song, and the three girls turned to take a break while the couples danced together. However, as they turned, they were met with the sight of Mr. Dugger.
Mina and Raven screamed loudly in excitement. "I thought you were busy tonight," Raven said, jumping up and down.
"I am! Chaperoning prom," he replied. Mr. Dugger as a chaperon. If ever the saying 'fox guarding a henhouse' was more appropriate.
"We were just going to take a break from dancing. We wouldn't want to distract you from your duties tonight anyway," Lily said, trying to pull her horny friends away.
The girls resisted and stayed with their math teacher. "It's not a problem at all. I have time for a dance. Shall we take turns dancing with each other, Mina and Raven?" Mr Dugger took Mina by the hand and led her in a slow dance, making sure to incorporate lots of kissing. Halfway through the song, Raven butted in. When the song finally finished, Lily was ready to resume dancing with her friends.
"You probably need to get back to chaperoning now, Mr. Dugger. Meanwhile, us girls can dance," Lily said, hoping it was true.
"What better way to monitor dancing than by dancing myself. Come on, girls," Mr. Dugger said, grabbing Mina and Raven's hands. Raven proceeded to grind her ass hard into the crotch of her math teacher. Mina, meanwhile, was practically humping him from the side. All the while, Mr. Dugger's hands explored the entirety of their bodies, including occasionally lifting up their dresses to rubbing their panties. Weirdly enough, he continued to monitor the other students. Telling several couples to dance further apart from each other, all while his dick was pressed firmly between Raven's ass cheeks.
This continued on for a while, with the girls rotating positions. All the while, the middle-aged man sported a very noticeable erection while on the dance floor with teenagers. Lily could do nothing but sit on the sidelines. She wasn't going to have any part of that. She kept hoping the older man would need a breather, but feeling up those young girls on the dance floor seemed to energize him.
An hour later, the two girls finally needed a break and joined Lily while Mr. Dugger walked off somewhere. "Hi, Lily. Are you having fun? I know we are. I'm so fucking horny right now," Raven announced.
"I was...until Mr. Dugger showed up...," Lily said, but no one heard her.
"So Mr. Dugger has invited us, you included, up to a hotel room he rented. Doesn't that sound like fun," Mina said, taking hold of Lily's hand.
"What? No! I came here to dance. Besides, you know what people reserve hotel rooms after prom for, right?" Lily instantly regretted making that point, as that's precisely what these two mind-controlled freaks wanted.
"Please come with us, Lily. Please, please, please!" Both girls were begging her to come. Lily knew she was going to regret this but agreed. They left the large room and headed to the hotel elevator. Raven showed off the key she was given by her teacher and used it to access the floor Mr. Dugger's room was on. Outside the door of the room, they let themselves in.
Mr. Dugger was there and fully dressed, which Lily was very grateful for. "Ah, you made it. And you came also, Lily. I'm so happy," he pronounced as they shuffled in.
Lily was afraid of the answer but asked anyway. "So what are we doing here?"
"What would you like to do, Lily," he asked in return.
"I know what I'd like to do to Mr. Dugger," Mina said seductively.
"I can say with 100% certainty I don't want to do what you have in mind, Mina. I was having fun dancing with my friends before. I wish we could go back to doing that."
Mr. Dugger turned on the TV and started changing the channels. "You can do that here, no problem. Let me just put on a good music station. I'll even stay out of it as I know you want to dance solely with your friends and not your old math teacher." He found a music channel playing music that Lily had to admit she liked. He even turned off the lights. But why couldn't they just dance back downstairs? It would be bizarre dancing while Mr. Dugger just sat there watching. However, Mina and Raven had no qualms and danced as enthusiastically as ever. Slowly, Lily let herself get caught up in the song's rhythm and soon forgot they were being watched. It wasn't the same as before, but Lily was enjoying herself.
The room was very dark, and the girls were jumping around wildly. However, after a couple of songs, Lily realized both her friends were dancing in their underwear, having taken off their dresses at some point. "Why are you in your underwear?" Lily hollered over the music.
"It was getting hot, and it's only us and Mr. Dugger, so who cares? You should do it too," Raven hollered back. No way Lily was entertaining that thought. It was weird for them to be dancing in their underwear, but it was dark and indeed hot in the room. The TV would flash various fast-paced images on the screen with the music. This created a strobe light effect in the room, which was cool but disorienting. As a result, Lily would get only brief images of her friends as they danced around.
A song later, Lily got a quick view of her two friend's nipples. They were now dancing topless. Actually, taking a closer look, Lily realized they were entirely naked, their panties thrown somewhere in the bedroom. "Why are you both naked now? You can't say your underwear was making you too hot?"
"Heh, true. We just want to go a bit wild tonight. Dancing naked at prom! But we're in a hotel room, so no harm, right?" Lily had seen enough of her friend's bodies for a lifetime, but dancing naked was far from the weirdest thing they had done, so Lily didn't push back. She did, however, dance more with her back to her friends. She wanted to dance without the teenage girls' boobs bouncing in her view.
Lily continued to let herself get lost in the dance. She was letting out all of the frustrations and anger she had been feeling the past several weeks. She was sure her dancing probably looked crazy, but it felt good. She was actually thankful they had moved their little dance party up here. She turned around, wanting to tell her friends that, but saw only Mina dancing. Where was Raven? A sudden bright flash from the TV told her. She was lying on the bed with Mr. Dugger on top of her, his dick penetrating her pussy over and over.
Lily leaped to the TV to turn down the music and clumsily found her way to the light switch. With the lights on, she yelled out, "Are you guys fucking? Did you seriously just give your virginity to a fifty-five-year-old math teacher?" Raven was moaning already.
In response to Lily, she smiled and nodded her head. "He finally agreed to it."
"And I'm next after they are done," Mina bragged, still dancing naked to the much quieter music.
Mr. Dugger, pumping his young student's pussy hard, spoke up. "I wanted it to be special for both girls, so I waited until their senior prom. And don't worry. I'm using a condom." He was bright red but seemed to be immensely enjoying himself.
"Jesus, Raven, you have such a great feeling pussy. Almost as good as Lily's mom."
"Mr. Dugger tells us a lot about how great your mom's pussy felt, Lily, so that's a perfect compliment to give Raven," Mina said as she shook her naked ass to the music.
"Okay, can we not discuss my mom while you guys are fucking? It's too late for Raven, but not you, Mina. Do you really want to lose your virginity tonight?" Mina smiled and nodded big. "I know you think you do, but deep down, is this what you really want? Can you honestly tell me that your whole life, this is how you pictured your first time? Your overweight math teacher fucking you in a hotel room right after he fucked your friend?" Mina continued to nod happily.
"Oh fuck," Mr. Dugger yelled as he unloaded his cum into the condom.
"And with that, Raven, you are now a woman. Congratulations!" The two kissed, and then he climbed off her. "Give me a minute to recover, Mina, and then I'll plow you."
"You see, right there! Is that what you want to hear from your first-time lover? That he needs a minute to recover from fucking one of your best friends before, and I quote, plows you. Like you are a field he wants to seed," Lily continued to plead.
Mina gave her friend a confused look. "If you want Mr. Dugger to fuck you also, you are going to wait till he does me. I called next," the naked teen said. Lily shook her head. That was so far from the message she was trying to convey. She rushed over to the Raven, who was sitting up after her first time fucking.
"Raven. You can't tell me that it was worth it, right? Do you regret what you did," Lily asked, desperate for something to help protect her friend's virginity.
Raven looked up at the two of them. "I do have a big regret. We waited almost the whole school year before getting with that stud. The entire first semester, and not once did I even think to try and get him to fuck me. I'm such an idiot."
Mina laughed hearing that. "We'll just have to make up for it by fucking him as much as possible from here on." Mr. Dugger returned and was sporting a new erection covered by a new condom.
"Lay down and spread them, Mina, let's get that pussy fucked."
Mina was on the bed in a split second, declaring, "I'm wet as a slip and slide. Get that dick in me now!" Lily watched helplessly as her math teacher did just that, taking the virginity of her other best friend. Lily watched her friend's tits bounce up and down as the man humped her. She got no pleasure watching this sight but made herself watch as punishment. She had failed her friends completely.
Mina writhed in pleasure on the bed underneath the middle-aged man. Her moans echoed in the room and anyone walking by couldn't mistake what was going on in this room. Mina was acting how a porn movie made a virgin's first time feel like. No pain. No awkwardness. Nothing but pleasure, another result of their teacher's mind tricks, Lily was sure. The naked math teacher then came again for the second time that night, filling up another condom.
Mr. Dugger rolled over to his side, catching his breath. Mina and Raven joined him on either side, lightly caressing him. "That was so awesome, Mr. Dugger. We have to do that again sometime."
"Please, can we? And soon?" The two girls were already wanting more sex from him. Lily also doubted just how awesome, in reality, the sex had been. All he had done was lay on top of them for about two minutes, each humping them until he came. Any normal, non-brainwashed teenager would call that a major disappointment. But they would have also probably refrained from fucking their math teacher at all.
"I'll tell you what, girls. I will agree to fuck you both again if we can next meet up at your house Lily."
"What? I'm not going to let you guys meet up at my house to fuck. No way."
Mina and Raven pressed their friend hard to agree. "Come on, Lily. Your house is so fun for sleepovers. You have a great room! Please!" Lily shook her head no. It would be a cold day in hell before she lets this old guy use her room and probably her bed to fuck her friends further.
"Lily, do I need to ask your mom permission for us to come over? If I were to ask her directly, she might just insist on joining us for the sleepover. Is that what you want, or do you want to invite us yourself," Mr Dugger said ominously. Lily was picturing the worst-case scenario. Her mom and two best friends getting fucked on her bed by this man. He would probably do something to make Mom and Dad's relationship even weirder. Already they are fucking a new stranger every night. She couldn't imagine what he would set up next with them.
"Fine, you guys can come over next weekend," Lily said, surrendering. She convinced her friends to get dressed so they could leave. It was late, and Mr. Dugger didn't seem to have much more capability to fuck. However, as he left, he assured them that next weekend, he would take steps to ensure he had plenty in his tank to give.
"Fantastic," Lily said sarcastically as they left.
The following school day went by at a snail's pace. Math class continued to consist of staring at Lily's two naked friends masturbating while the other students continued to capture hours of footage to share with the world. Mina and Raven were beyond excited to fuck their math teacher again. Lily hadn't yet wholly accepted what would happen in her bedroom that Saturday. Friday night, with everyone set to come over the next night, she couldn't avoid it much longer. She went and found her mother to give her a heads-up on the plans for Saturday. Lily was nervous if she would be horrified, as a normal mother would be, or if she would want to participate, as a mind-controlled mother would wish to.
"Mom, Mina, and Raven are going to spend the night here in my room tomorrow night."
"Fantastic! It's been forever since they came over," Lily's mother said excitedly.
"There's one other thing. A boy is going to come over with them and have sex with them in my bed." Her mother dropped what she was doing and turned to face her daughter.
"That had better be a bad joke, young lady. It will be a cold day in hell I let you or anyone use my home for any funny business." Lily was taken aback by her mother's serious tone, even though she had purposely chosen her words to see if she would react like this.
"The boy is Mr. Dugger, our math teacher. He is also going to spend the night in my room and have sex with my friends," Lily responded cautiously.
Hearing that, her mother's face and tone suddenly relaxed. "Oh, well, why didn't you say so? Of course, Mr. Dugger is welcome to spend the night with you girls." She returned to her previous task, but Lily wanted to press this point further.
"So you have issues with my friends engaging in sexual acts with guys our age but no problems with them fucking our middle-aged math teacher in your house?"
"Mr. Dugger is a good man. I trust him completely. Now, please leave me be. I need to prepare for your Aunt Rachel to join your father and me for a threesome later tonight."
"You and Dad are going to have sex with your brother's wife," Lily asked.
"Yes, and finally. It took me forever to talk her into it, the prude."
Lily walked away, not knowing how to process what she heard. Putting aside the aunt fucking that would be occurring later tonight, Lily was concerned her mother couldn't even see how her getting upset about having sex with boys her age was way worse than having sex with older men. Not that Lily was going to be fucking anyone, but her friends would be going to town on the math teacher's dick with their pussies.
Lily spent Friday night staying in and then most of Saturday stressing about the upcoming orgy that would be occurring in her room. She moved and hid a lot of personal belongings. She hated the idea of her math teacher being naked after fucking her friends, wandering around her room, looking at and touching her stuff.
The hour finally arrived, and Mina, Raven, and Mr. Dugger all came together. Lily's mom came downstairs to greet them all. "Mr. Dugger! It is so good to see you again!" The math teacher and mother engaged in way too long of a kiss for Lily's comfort.
"Unfortunately, I can't stay. We convinced my brother's wife to stay for another night of fucking. Lily's dad is balls deep in her right now, so I better get back up there," Lily's mom said, walking back up the stairs.
"We'll be in your daughter's room where I'll be balls deep in these two," Mr. Dugger said, grabbing the asses of Mina and Raven. The night was already starting off worse than Lily could have thought.
Lily tried to play host and offer food or drinks to her three guests, primarily as a way to delay the fucking, but they weren't having it. "I've thought about nothing else except getting that dick back in my pussy all week. Let's go to your room, Lily, and get this party started," Raven said, rubbing her math teacher's crotch. With no other recourse, Lily slowly led them to her room. They passed her parents' room, where the sounds of her aunt's moans echoed.
"Here we are, I guess," Lily said with no enthusiasm while opening her bedroom door.
Mina and Raven hurriedly walked in, already removing their shirts. Mr. Dugger lingered outside with Lily. "I trust you will be staying with us the whole night, right," he asked his student. Lily nodded. She had no doubt if she disagreed, her mom, and probably her aunt, would join this orgy in her room. Lily followed Mr. Dugger into her room and closed the door behind her. Mina and Raven were pulling down their panties to make themselves fully naked.
"Now, who should I fuck first? I know! Lily, you decide," the middle-aged man declared. The two naked teenagers crowded Lily, begging her to pick them.
"Jesus, I don't know or care. Mina, you go first, just back off me." Mina jumped for joy and leaped back first onto Lily's bed. She spread her legs wide and invited Mr. Dugger in. He slowly got undressed, watching the young girl spread-legged on the bed. Once fully naked, he pulled out a condom and placed it on his erect cock.
"Raven, I know you are disappointed you don't get to go first. How about you masturbate on top of Lily's desk while you wait," Mr. Dugger said as he climbed on top of Mina.
"No! I do my homework there, god damn it," Lily complained to no effect. Mina was getting fucked on her bed, and Raven was already fingering herself on the desk. Mina was moaning loudly like a pornstar, making it seem she was already cumming just from the initial penetration. Lily didn't know if the mind control was causing her to over-exaggerate the pleasure she was feeling or if she was actually enjoying her math teacher's dick this much. Raven creepily watched her friend have sex while she fingered herself. She soon also was vocalizing her own enjoyment. Lily was simultaneously hearing the sounds of her two best friends, mother, and aunt, being sexually serviced in some manner.
Mr. Dugger stopped humping Mina after giving one last deep thrust. He pulled out and got off of her. He pulled off the cum filled condom and threw it in Lily's trashcan. A trashcan that she was really, really regretting not putting a bag in before tonight. Raven, excited that her turn had arrived, got off of Lily's desk and started giving the middle age man oral pleasure with her mouth, licking up the leftover cum on his dick. A minute later, she succeeded in getting him hard again and hopped on the bed, ready to get fucked. Mr. Dugger didn't waste much time and gave the 18-year-old her wish of getting fucked by her overweight math teacher.
Mina, without even being told, hopped on Lily's desk and pleasured herself to the sight of what was happening on the bed and the memories of her own fucking just a minute ago. She was very wet now, and her pussy dripped onto Lily's desk, much to her annoyance. More and more surfaces in her room were getting cum and pussy juice on them. Raven meanwhile moaned less than her friend but instead yelled out things like:
"Fuck me harder in my pussy," "I'm going to cum in my pussy," and "Your dick feels so good in my pussy."
Lily was tempted to inform her friend that adding 'in my pussy' was not needed as we all could clearly see where things were happening on her body.
Mr. Dugger filled another condom and had successfully fucked both girls. The condom landed on the floor just short of the trashcan. Lily was not touching that thing. She hoped, just like at the hotel room after prom, that Mr. Dugger was spent and would need a few days before fucking either girl. Mina and Raven had the same question and soon pressed the math teacher for an answer. "Mr. Dugger, at least let us try and get you hard. Worst case, we spend the next twenty minutes or so licking your flaccid dick. That's still a fun time for us," Raven said while stroking the man's cum covered dick.
"Ladies, it's not about whether I can get it up again. Believe me, in about 5 minutes, I'll be hard as a rock. Especially looking at the bodies of you two girls. I made a mistake and only brought the two condoms. So we will have to stop here," the man said. Lily couldn't believe her luck. Not that she was feeling that lucky after having her math teacher fuck her two best friends on her own bed, but she was concerned they might have ended up fucking half a dozen times or more. Now that they were done having sex, maybe Mr. Dugger would go home, and the three friends could enjoy a normal sleepover.
"How about we just fucking without condoms," Raven suggested. Mina nodded her head enthusiastically.
"No, no, no, no. That's a terrible idea," Lily said as her previous optimism was crushed by her friend's suggestion.
"Lily's right," Mr. Dugger said, to Lily's surprise. She was glad the older man had some limits on what he would do with the girls. "I'd hate to pull out and get cum on her nice bed."
"I was more concerned about the risk of my friends getting pregnant, but sure, that's a concern, too," Lily said.
"Then you should just cum inside of us. I'd love a cream pie from your Mr. Dugger," Raven shockingly said as, once again, Mina nodded her head in agreement.
"Are either of you on birth control," Lily asked.
"Absolutely not. Only sluts need to be on birth control," Mina said as she and Raven started discussing who would get to receive their math teacher's cum first.
"Fantastic, sounds like we have a plan. I would suggest Raven get to go first this time," Mr. Dugger said. He was erect once again. Lily stood up and got in between her naked math teacher and two horny friends.
"Give me five minutes, and I'll get you more condoms. Afterwards, you guys can fuck all night in my room. Just please don't start having unprotected sex."
"Lily, we've been waiting all week to have sex. I can't wait another five minutes," Mina whined.
"But you guys just fucked...," Lily said before being interrupted by Raven.
"Besides, I really want to feel Mr. Dugger's raw dick in me. The idea of his cum filling my pussy is almost enough for me to orgasm, Jesus." Both girls started rubbing their pussies where they sat.
"This will get you both pregnant for sure. Do you really want to be pregnant in high school? With a father who is three times your age and working as a math teacher at your school," Lily pleaded. But her friends were focused on masturbating to the expected creampie they hoped they would soon receive.
Lily considered rushing to her parents. Obviously, her mom was very cool with Mr. Dugger fucking her friends, but was that with the assumption they were using protection? Her house being turned into a breeding ground for teachers to impregnate their students may be too extreme for her to accept, even in her hypothesized state. But what if it wasn't? She would likely find her parents in the middle of fucking their aunt, a sight that Lily had no desire to be near. Mr. Dugger had convinced them of so much to date. Why would this be any different? He would probably also respond to this attempted interruption with something even worse. Maybe her dad would start fucking her friends. Or he would have her mom start masturbating in front of the class, too. The man had no lack of ideas to humiliate her, she thought.
Instead, Lily kept trying to reach her friends. "Being a pregnant teenager will kill any hopes of college for you. Your career prospects will forever be limited. Your life will probably be filled with nothing but raising this loser of a man's kids while simultaneously being pregnant with his next kid."
"Lily, you don't have to convince us. We want everything you are describing. Now move so Mr. Dugger can cum in our unprotected pussies," Mina yelled.
"I wasn't trying to convince you to..." Lily trailed off. Her naked math teacher lightly pushed her aside and climbed on top of Raven. Mina was on the bed next to them and got on all fours, and continued to masturbate with her ass sticking out. Lily couldn't look away from Raven and Mr. Dugger. They were making out while the middle-aged man felt up her naked tits. She watched as his uncovered dick swayed inches away from her friend's bare pussy. Surely, one of them would realize how stupid this is and request a condom. But they didn't. Without warning, Mr. Dugger penetrated Raven's vagina resulting in Raven yelling out in pleasure at the top of her lungs. Lily's parents would have heard that even if they were themselves still fucking her aunt.
"Raven, it's not too late. Just give me a sign, any sign, you don't want this, and I'll stop it," Lily said, watching her friend get fucked bareback.
Raven yelled out, "Fill me up, Mr. Dugger! I want you to knock up your naughty student!" That wasn't a sign pointing towards anything Lily was hoping for. Her best friend was full-on accepting, actually hoping she was going to get pregnant. Lily had still been holding on to the hope that she would find some way to break Mr. Dugger's control over her friends. The loss of their virginity and exposure of their naked bodies to the whole community would be horrifying to her friends once they came to, but they could recover from that. But now, Lily was accepting that this was how her friends were. They would forever want their math teacher's dick. Even if they did snap out of it, a baby is permanent. They will forever be connected with this man.
The math teacher's pace was quickening. Raven continued to yell out in pleasure. Either she was having a long orgasm lasting the entire time she was being penetrated, or she was having something like her 38th orgasm since Mr. Dugger put his dick in her. Even a porn star would say she was being over the top, but the mind control seemed to make it genuine.
Suddenly, Mr. Dugger stopped thrusting, and Raven opened her eyes with a big smile like she had just found out she had won the lottery. She asked, "Did you," and the math teacher nodded. She grabbed his face and kissed him deeply. This could have been a beautiful scene between a married couple deciding to try for a baby. Instead, this was a weird scene where a middle-aged math teacher may have just impregnated one of his students. Mina stopped masturbating and clapped like she was excited that her friend might have been impregnated.
Lily watched this play out with dead eyes. She was the only one who realized how insane all of this was. But maybe that made her the insane one. The girls were already working on getting the math teacher hard again, as Mina was very anxious to have her first creampie. It took longer each time, but after about ten minutes, they succeeded, and he was ready for another attempted impregnation. Mina lay on the bed, eager to receive him, while Raven lay beside them. She was hugging her legs tightly to herself. A position she claimed would help her math teacher's sperm find their target.
Mina was penetrated and moaned as loud as ever. Lily sat at her desk in a daze, forgetting what had occurred on top of it just a little while ago. Were there signs early on that she should have seen? In only about three weeks, her friends went from never expressing opinions about this man to actively trying to have his child. Lily stared at the math teacher's raw dick move in and out of Mina's very wet pussy. The man seemed to be able to convince many people around him to think whatever he wanted them to. But why hasn't he used it on Lily? Things would have been so much easier if he convinced Lily, with his mind powers or whatever he was doing, that him being with her best friends was for the best. Furthermore, why not just mind control her to also want to fuck him? Lily was not an unattractive woman. In fact, she could be considered the best-looking of the three. Maybe this wasn't about the sex, but rather to punish Lily in some way. But why?
Lily had been in deep thought about this while subconsciously watching her teenage friend get fucked. But when Mr. Dugger yelled out, "Take my cum!" she came back to reality. It was over. Both her friends were now in her room with a womb full of their math teacher's sperm. Even if they avoided getting knocked up from this sex, the older man would not stop there. It was going to happen.
The two girls and Mr. Dugger took a break and hung out on Lily's bed, talking. Her sheets were covered in various liquids, including cum, but Lily wasn't in a mental state to complain. They discussed how great being pregnant with his kids would be and even brainstormed names. Mr. Dugger, of course, reminded them that they would probably need to have unprotected sex for a while before they would achieve a pregnancy. He then pulled out a pill and took it, saying they might as well try more tonight. Within the next five minutes, he was hard again, and both friends got another load of his cum. Mina got fucked doggy style on top of Lily's desk, which managed to hold both of their weights. Raven fucked Mr. Dugger on top of a pile of Lily's stuffed animals. In both cases, cum and other fluids leaked out onto the desk and plushies.
Finally, Mr. Dugger indicated he could fuck no more. He slept in Lily's bed naked with Mina and Raven cuddling with him, also nude, of course. Lily slept on the floor after Mr. Dugger indicated she should stay rather than go sleep on a couch. The girls and the math teacher appeared to fall asleep almost instantly. The same couldn't be said about Lily. The combination of images of her friends getting inseminated, the smell of cum that filled her room, and Mr. Dugger snoring made falling asleep a long process. But she did finally manage.
The next morning she awoke to the sight of Mr. Dugger fucking Mina up against the wall right next to her. Looking up and seeing her math teacher's balls ram up against her friend's pussy is not how she wanted to start this day. Raven was on the bed holding her legs tight against her chest, indicating she had already been creampied this morning. Lily stood up and watched as Mr. Dugger completed his last few thrust before giving the teenager another dose of his cum. After finishing, he pulled out of her, dripping cum on Lily's floor. The pungent smell of cum in the room had not dissipated in the slightest since last night.
Mr. Dugger declared he was hungry, and the three of them put on the bare minimum amount of clothing before heading downstairs. He wore only boxer shorts while Mina and Raven put on their thongs and sheer bras. Downstairs, Lily's parents and aunt gathered around the table, dressed only in their underwear. Lily's dad was now seeing her friends nearly naked while Mr. Dugger got to enjoy the sight of Lily's mom and aunt in an undressed state. The two groups quickly joined and discussed their respective orgies last night. It was quickly revealed that both teenagers may have been impregnated by their math teacher, to which Lily's mother responded with excitement. This confirmed to Lily she was right to avoid taking this news to her parents last night.
"Lily, do you remember your babysitter from when you were young," Lily's mom asked her. "Yeah... I heard she just graduated college and got engaged," Lily said, worried about why her mom was bringing her up. "Your father may have knocked her up in a recent threesome we had with her. Just wanted to give you a heads up that you might have a half-sibling on the way," she said, a bit excited. Lily's dad and Mr. Dugger high-fives at the news.
The whole scene of her family and friends so casually discussing orgies they participated and who impregnated who was surreal to Lily. Not to mention, this conversation was occurring while the four women were wearing bras that made their nipples very visible. Lily stayed far off to the side, not hungry and not wanting to engage in any more conversations.
"Mr. Dugger, you should keep using our home as a place to keep pouring your cum into Mina and Raven. I would feel so honored if they were to get impregnated in my own house," Lily's mother declared. Pouring cum? What kind of language was her mother using, Lily wondered.
"I think that's a great idea. I'm sure we can make time throughout the week to fuck here," the math teacher enthused.
Breakfast concluded, and Lily's friends and Mr. Dugger got fully dressed and left. Lily spent the day cleaning her room and making every effort possible to avoid touching any of her math teacher's cum. She thoroughly wiped down every surface and changed out her sheets. By the end of the day, the smell of cum was mostly, but not entirely, gone. Lily still decided to sleep on the couch and avoid her bed for the time being.
Over the next three weeks, Mr. Dugger took up Lily's mom's offer to use her house for unprotected sex with his teenage students. Averaging about every other day after school, Mr Dugger would fuck both girls extensively and typically in Lily's room. She quickly gave up on keeping her room clean of cum and resigned herself to sleep on the couch. That was on days when the three of them wouldn't sleep over, and Mr. Dugger would insist she sleep with them in her room. It was getting hard to find areas of her room that didn't have some amount of his cum on it.
Lily's mom continuously offered to join the three in their orgy, but Mr. Dugger would insist she focus on the threesomes she and her husband, Lily's father, were organizing nearly daily. Lily was amazed and horrified at who her parents were able to convince and get fucked by them. Mina and Raven's mothers, numerous teachers at Lily's school, every wife on the block, and even some of Lily's classmates. Was Mr. Dugger using hypothesis to convince these women to let Lily's dad go balls in deep in them? Lily's mother was the one finding these people. Was the mind control that Mr. Dugger impressed on her able to be used by her to control these other women? Lily was more clueless than ever about how her math teacher's mind control worked.
Lily worried about the husbands of the wives her parents were using for their threesomes. But her parents would freely discuss with the husbands how their partners' naked bodies looked, felt, and tasted. This prompted no anger from them, and they took these comments as compliments. Lily's mom continued to keep her abreast of who her father had gotten pregnant, which was becoming quite the list. Even news of them being pregnant with another man's baby didn't annoy their spouses. The whole town had lost its mind.
Math class at school remained unchanged, consisting of Mina and Raven masturbating for the entirety of class. The only difference was the girls would beg Mr. Dugger to fuck them and try and impregnate them. This made the fact that the two girls were trying to get their math teacher to breed them public knowledge. However, when every guy at school had access to hours of video of them masturbating naked, the fact that they were in the process of getting knocked up by a fifty-five-year-old man wasn't that shocking. Guys in the class started to get bold and ask to feel up the girl's bodies and even fuck them. Mr. Dugger was firm in his denials of this. Mina and Raven were his to fuck, and his alone. He was very willing to make them pornstars but not whores. Look, don't touch.
Finally, after three weeks of unprotected sex, Mina and Raven approached Lily with the news she had been expecting but dreading. They were both pregnant. "Congrats, I guess. I know you both wanted this, but your lives are ruined now. And for what? Some old guy's pleasure," Lily said dismissively.
"Lily, you know this is very important to us both. Can you not be happy for us," Raven asked.
Lily laughed. "I will never be happy knowing that scummy, son of a bitch, has forever tainted my best friends. You are both magnitudes out of his league, but you have chosen to give your bodies to him fully. He's a fat fuck and will always be one. I will never not hate him."
Lily's two friends looked at each other worriedly but understood what they had to do. "Lily, that fat fuck, as you call him, is the father of our children and probably many more children in the future. He's the love of our lives. If you can't accept that, then you can't be in our lives any longer," Mina said, tearing up.
"Wait, what? You can't be serious! Are you going to kick me out of your life to be with our middle-aged math teacher? You've only been fucking him for a month, but we've known each other for over a decade. Please don't do this," Lily pleaded.
"You aren't giving us a choice, Lily. We've been patient with your hatred of Mr. Dugger, hoping you would grow out of it. But we see now that won't happen," Raven said as the two girls began to walk away from their soon-to-be former friend.
"Wait! I'm sorry. I won't talk bad about Mr. Dugger again. I'll accept that you guys are in love. Please! I'll do anything. Just don't stop being my friend!" Raven turned around but still kept walking away.
"Those are just words, Lily. That's not enough to convince us you really changed." The girls rounded the corner and seemingly walked out of Lily's life forever.
Over the next few days, Lily tried to reach out to them. She was blocked on all of their social media and phone numbers. In school, they avoided her and refused to acknowledge her existence. She even visited them at their homes, but their parents were fully on board with ignoring Lily. It became evident she couldn't talk her way back into being their friends. Lily had a rough few days after this. The things she used to love, including anime, goofing off online, and movies, no longer brought her joy without her friends. Even college now seemed hollow. She knew she would eventually get new friends somewhere, somehow. But they would forever be compared to Mina and Raven, and she knewthey wouldn't measure up. Those two were her true soulmates, and she had lost them due to her pettiness.
After a very lonely week of classes, the end of the week was approaching. Lily entered 5th-period math class to find Mina and Raven already spread-legged on Mr. Dugger's desk. Math class had become her favorite class again, as it was the only time she got to see her two friends. Even if they were naked and frequently cumming. However, rather than take her seat, she walked in front of the desk where Mr. Dugger sat. Mina and Raven were just off to either side of her and glanced over while they moaned, curious about what Lily was up to.
"Can I help you with something, Lily," the math teacher and soon-to-be father asked. Lily dropped her backpack on the floor, creating a loud thud that startled everyone. Suddenly, everyone was aware of the tension and began to be concerned about Lily's intentions.
"Mr. Dugger. Two months ago, you somehow seduced my two best friends into becoming the sluts that sit to the side of me today. Masturbating in front of a classroom full of guys filming them while your unborn children grow inside them." Lily said these words with a lot of emotion, further adding fear to the others in the room that she was building towards.
"I hated you for it. You took away what I cared about most in this world." Lily paused while Mr. Dugger looked at her, not showing any emotion. "But... I was wrong. You didn't take them away. I lost them." Lily unbuckled her pants and let them drop to the floor. The entire class sitting behind her got a great view of her ass in the thong she chose to wear that day.
"At no time did you say they couldn't be my friend. In fact, you went out of your way to include me in your relationship. I didn't appreciate that at the time." Lily lifted her shirt over her head and threw it off to the side. She was now standing in her underwear in front of her math teacher. She was also fully aware and accepting that numerous phones were recording her.
"Meanwhile, my friends were developing strong feelings for you and are now starting a family with you. And I spent weeks trying to take that away from them. I was a fool to attempt that. And I am sorry." Lily reached behind her back and undid her bra. Without hesitation, she grabbed it from the front and pulled it off her. Her math teacher was now the first man to have ever seen her naked tits. After letting him enjoy the view for about ten seconds, she turned around, making the boys in the class the 2nd through 17th men to ever see her naked tits. Once the videos they had taken were shared, that number would reach seven figures.
"Raven correctly told me that nothing I could ever say would undo the damage I tried to cause. Which is why I'm here to take action." Lily slowly pulled her panties down, bending over as she did so. The class gasped as they got a clear view of her pussy. "Mr. Dugger, here is my naked body. Just as Mina and Raven did, I now offer it to you for you to sexually pleasure yourself with. Now and forever." Lily stood naked in front of Mr. Dugger, who remained still and silent. "Impregnate me, Mr. Dugger, so that I can be with you and my friends forever." Mina and Raven, while not stopping fingering themselves, teared up and thanked Lily for doing this.
Mr. Dugger finally got up and walked around the desk. He stood in front of his naked student and looked closely at her exposed body. Lily was shaking with nervousness. She had prepared herself for this moment, but it was still intense. In a single hour, she was letting her naked body be exposed to the world and was about to let her fifty-five-year-old math teacher take her virginity and impregnate her in one go. The math teacher felt her breast, first the left, then the right. Lily gasped when he contacted her skin. Her head was filled with so many thoughts of embarrassment, lust, and shame. But she also knew she wanted to do this, without a doubt.
Mr. Dugger then leaned in and gave her a long kiss. Being naked in front of her whole class while your teacher kisses you is a very unique first kiss story, at least Lily thought. He was actually a pretty good kisser, and she felt butterflies in her stomach while they kissed. He finally pulled back and spoke to her. "I'm proud of you, Lily. I began to worry you would never come around." He pulled down his pants and sat on the desk between the crying, masturbating girls. "Now sit on my dick while facing the class."
Lily climbed on the desk and faced the class. All thirty people in the class had phones pointed towards her. She began to crouch down, lowering her bare pussy towards the teacher's dick. Finally, after she got low enough, Mr. Dugger grabbed her hips and supported her as she continued to lower. Finally, she could feel his dick pressing up against the opening of her pussy. This was it. Any lower, and she was going to let her math teacher's raw dick into her unprotected pussy. Mr. Dugger seemed to hold her in place, waiting for her to confirm this was what she wanted. "Seed me, Mr. Dugger," Lily said out loud.
With his arms lowering her down, his dick entered her pussy, and Lily was officially deflowered. Mr. Dugger held her there as she worked through the pain of losing her virginity. Slowly, though, he lifted her back up and back down. Each stroke replaced a little bit of the pain with a new feeling. A feeling that resembled pleasure, but Lily wasn't sure. But after a bit, the pain was mostly subsided. She started using her own arms pressed against the top of the desk to help lift her up and down on the teacher's dick. They got into a good rhythm, and Lily was better able to appreciate the situation. She was riding her fifty-five-year-old math teacher's dick in front of her entire class. Video of this would be shared with everyone. Anybody would be able to watch her lose her virginity and maybe even be impregnated.
Her tits bounced up and down, and Lily began to lightly moan as those feelings she felt earlier became pure pleasure. She looked around at the faces of guys and girls she had been in school with for years, who were now watching her get fully and completely fucked.
As Lily continued to be penetrated and anticipated becoming inseminated any second, she whispered behind her to math teacher and first-time lover Mr. Dugger. "Your dick is inside me, and I'll soon be the mother of your child. You'll probably spend the rest of my life fucking me and my friends senselessly while our breast leak milk from the latest child of yours we gave birth to. Nothing you can say will change that fate of mine. So please, just tell me the truth. Am I doing this right now out of my own free will or are you mind controlling me to want to do this? I don't care what the answer is. I just want to know either way."
Mr. Dugger started thrusting harder upon hearing this question. His cum would spray inside her very soon, Lily knew. "Let me answer this with a question of my own. What is more believable? That your middle-aged math teacher, who isn't rich or extraordinary in any way, developed the world's first ability to control someone's mind and make them fulfill his every sexual desire. In fact, he can use this power to control how an entire school district feels about him fucking his students. Parents, other students, the principal, everyone almost. And with that power, he used it to make you fuck him during class while your two pregnant friends masturbated as they watched. Or is it more believable that you are your two friends are just total sluts?"
With that response, Mr. Dugger pushed Lily down on her hard, causing the total length of his dick to penetrate her pussy. Lily yelled out in pleasure, and at that moment, the math teacher unleashed his cum into her pussy where surely his seed would find her egg and impregnate her. After pumping her a few more times on her dick to ensure all of the cum he had got inside her, he lifted her off of him and set laid her down on the desk.
Lily lay there panting. Her legs were wide open in front of the class, giving them a great view of her pussy which was now leaking the cum of their math teacher. But Lily didn't care. She came here today to get impregnated by her math teacher and regain the friendship of Mina and Raven. She looked over at either side of her and smiled at them. They smiled back, and she knew she had accomplished at least one objective today. As for getting pregnant, there were still a lot of math classes left in the school year.