Cleo watched the clock, second by second, as the time slowly approached 6:15. She still wasn't ready. Her slot was up soon and she was all lubed up. "The wetter the better," Sandra's words rang in her head. Her golden bikini with the matching golden t-string barely covered anything, body chains draping over her toned stomach, a thin chain coiling around her waist, accentuating her slender hips. Her body filled the outfit and her golden-brown skin had never felt so exposed. It was her first show and she had to make a good impression. Or life could get difficult pretty soon.
A few more minutes passed. She fiddled with her shoulder-length blond hair. She checked her make-up in a pocket mirror she carried. Eyeliner; perfect. Pink Lip gloss; on point. Mascara; could be improved. But there was no time for that now. Only 30 seconds left.
She was so nervous that it made her guts ache and her knees felt like buckling. The light above the solid steel door turned from red to green: that was her signal to enter. She pushed the door open and as she entered the The Cage, she was overwhelmed with the smell of sweat and sex. The music was so loud, the pulsing beat thumped so hard it made the glass walls shake. The padded vinyl floor was slippery with oil. She looked at the big 0 on the Credit Meter as she crept slowly towards the hellish vision in front of her. Throngs of men, their heads seemed like waves, flowing to the rhythm of the music. All eyes were ogling her, many of the hands inside their owners' pants, some cocks were out, stroking, taking in the beauty in The Cage. She felt faint. She wished she could pass out at that moment.
"Come back, come back." She pleaded to her senses as she remembered Sandra's words," Feel the music. Let go. Feel the music. Just enjoyyourself."
She stared out at her audience. They seemed like one massive, dark organism, having a life of its own; and she was staring right into its eyes. She began to gyrate to the rhythm, placing her hands on top of her tits and dragging them over her skin; slowly; till she reached her shoulders, swaying, feeling the throbbing beat as the vibration penetrated to her bones. Her hands slipped over her neck now, her nape and now pulling and tossing her hair. She was dancing now. It was easier than she thought. Her arms crossed in to hug herself, caressing up and down her arms as she moved her legs to the time of the song. She split her legs and dropped her back forward, looking towards the spectators. Now she was feeling it. The music, the energy; the sensation was heavy and sweet, flowing through her like a syrup. The Credit Meter started to slowly register the first tips coming in. Clearly her audience was feeling it as well.
"This is my audience, all these filthy bastards" she thought as the music played her body like a harp, "The way this show is going, they better pay big".
The tingling on her clit was sharp and calling for her attention. Her left hand still enjoying her neck and nape, her right hand began exploring southwards. Over her smooth, soft belly, rubbing down her navel. Her hands had never felt her body like this before. She pushed her hand into her t-string. The feeling of that first caress caused a shrieking in her brain like a jungle of monkeys high strung on narcotics. The boys were clearly very appreciative of the show. The Credits were rolling in now. She imagined what it must feel like out there. The heat of it, the sound, the atmosphere. She moved closer to the edge of the room, towards the glass that separated her from them; as close as she could get.
She dragged her body across the glass, the lube sticking to the smooth surface as her body slid like an eel's underside against the seafloor. The glass was rattling with the resonance of the vibrations and the men pushed themselves onto this barrier, trying to get closer, as if they could pass through the glass if they tried hard enough. She had never seen such hunger. But she could understand it.
Women were a rarity. Humans had been incapable of producing children the natural way for centuries. Women were infertile and men's semen was impotent. Most humans were born in labs, created and grown in pods. Cleo was special, born naturally, her truth had been kept secret. If the Overlords found out, she would become a test subject, the object of research and experimentation. She had been named after the great ancient queen of legend.
But this was what she had been reduced to. An object of desire and pleasure. It was the only means of earning her survival now that she had come of age. She had learned a long time ago that no one would come to help her. Except Sandra. Sandra was her only friend. The only person who cared enough. Cleo would never be able to repay her for all the days Sandra fed and kept her in the women's commune. But all good things had to come to an end. Times were getting tougher and she would have to fend for herself. She had to sell herself for the Credit. It was the main purpose of the women who were produced. All the other jobs were for men. The women were only a tool for keeping the citizens hopeful. But they would never make enough to satisfy the entire population's need.
She could feel them getting drawn in. The glass was in the way, but it almost looked as if it would collapse it with the sheer weight of the crowd; their tongues out, their heavy breathing, their hands in their pants. She was delaying the inevitable now. She had to give them what they were paying for sooner or later. The Credits were only trickling in now. Time to get over the anxiety. This was just the first time and there would be many more days like this to come.
She gestured to the biggest, ugliest beast she saw. It was Sandra's advice. The fucking would be rough, but the nastier the show, the more Credits she could make. He circled around to the matching steel door in the audience area, secured by 2 monstrous guards. They took his ID and placed it to the scanner. The door opened automatically as soon as his payment cleared.
Her breath stopped in her throat and all she could do was gulp. Time slowed down, making the waiting feel even longer. She had never been with man before. But Sandra had explained the nitty gritty to her. How to touch them, tease them and when to stop resisting and allow them to have their way.
The door opened behind her. It was hard to breathe now. But she kept her motion, her body reflexively pressing further against the glass. She could hear his soft footsteps on the padded floor as he came up behind her, placing his arms firmly on her waist.
This was his first time too. And might be his last. He dragged her in with every inhale as he pressed his face into the back of her neck, her hair folding over his face. He had never smelt anything like it. The scent of a women, he had been told, was the most potent of all the drugs. In the ancient times, many men had been driven completely insane by a single whiff. And after today, he could tell everyone exactly how true those stories were.
He opened his mouth to devour her, slithering his tongue all over her upper back. Pawing towards her top, his hands tore it open. The Credit Meter instantly began to sound rapidly as what was left of the bikini top fell to the floor, leaving her beautifully full breasts bare for them all to see. Her dark nipples stood hard against the glass and were threatening to cut through.
He ripped open the top of his pants and let his cock out. Cleo could feel it against her ass, like a warm, trembling hose. He pulled her away from the glass, his lips still sucking on the small of her neck while both his hands grabbed and played with her tits.
The Credits were just piling up now. And Cleo was in love with the sound the Meter made. But her elation was short lived, as her new friend turned her around and, placing his hands on her shoulders, forced her down towards his dick. Cleo grabbed hold of it, her tiny hands barely covering three quarters of its circumference. It must have been 10 inches long and as she began to use her mouth on it, she struggled to get in further than the tip. A straightforward blow job just wouldn't be possible, so she abandoned the sucking and began to lick up and down the shaft, her left hand toying his balls.
He had never experienced anything remotely similar to this feeling in his life. The strong, wet tongue slithering against his penis was making his mouth water and his breathing hard. But this wasn't enough. He had to get his money's worth. He grabbed her by the back of the head and dragged it towards the head of his member. He would get the feeling of her mouth around his dick, even if she choked.
Cleo couldn't stop him; he was just too strong. Her lower jaw popped open as he stuffed his prick inside. She gagged as he invaded deeper and deeper, her muffled moans trying to alert him to the lack of air flow in her throat. But he wasn't here to heed her wishes, he was here to get his. He drove further and further till the saliva ran dry and the mouth fucking felt rough on his skin.
He pulled his cock out and threw her to the floor. He got to his knees and tore off the rest of her clothing with his hands. She was frozen in place, with fear, and disgust as this animal began to lick and suck every inch of her body. He took an entire breast in his mouth in an attempt to consume it, the taste of the sweaty, oily flesh was making him delirious.
His large hand reached her pussy and began to rub roughly and pushed to penetrate her with his large, oversized finger, her virginity resisting the entry but was of no match to the strength of his finger. The feeling of being split open made her gasp. Nothing had ever been in there before and she felt unbearable discomfort. His finger was rough against the soft walls of her snatch. It slid in and out, lubricated by the small amount of blood released from the tearing of the hymen.
He pulled his finger out and held up in the air for the crowd to see. This show drove them to a frenzy, and she could hear the Credits pouring in. All thanks to the brute hovering on top of her.
He placed his hands on her midriff and dragged her to a position he could fuck her from. With her pussy directly in front of his cock, he placed his hands on her knees to spread her legs wide open to allow easy access to her vagina. He began to open her up slowly, stretching the never used hole to take more and more dick, placing his hands on her butt to simultaneously lift her up and pull her in to him. Cleo felt intense pain and instinctively raised her hands to push him away, but he barely registered her resistance; she couldn't even move him a quarter of an inch.
His full attention was on getting his dong inside without tearing her into two. Inch by inch, he progressed to his goal of burying his entire member deep inside her soft, wet cunt. But before her opening reached the base of his cock, he hit the end of her cervix. The feeling caused Cleo to jolt. He began to move his pelvis, pulling his cock out till the tip and then pushing it till it hit the end,again and again. Cleo had never felt so full of anything in her life. He continued to pound, but he needed more leverage. He was tired of holding her bottom in the air.
He pulled his cock out and flipped her around like a rag doll and stuck her hard to the floor, pushing her down with his hand on the large of her back, his other hand completely engulfing the side of her tiny hip as he continued to pump. It was so tasty. Guttural moans were now emanating from both of them. She could take only sharp, deep breaths between her cries as her body rattled from the punishing thrusts. It felt like his cock was getting bigger inside her. The heat was building up, on the inside and the outside. This position was much better for him. His dick was fully engulfed by her pussy and it felt so good. The tightness, the slickness. Fuck, he just wanted to destroy her tiny little figure.
He turned her around again and picked her off the floor in his two huge arms. He slammed her back against the glass and continued to fuck her like a toy. As he rammed, the ticks of the Credit Meter rang so fast it sounded a fire alarm going off. She let off wild shrieks as he continued to fuck her, his body slamming hard against hers and his cock hammering her pussy without respite. He was also grunting now. He could feel the end coming. He wished he could prolong it, but he needed to feel the end as well. He couldn't hold on anymore.
He grabbed tighter on to her waist, clamping down like a vice, crushing her back against the wall as he began to spasm. This gigantic man in his thirties just let off his first load into a real human woman. It overflowed and began to cream the opening as his softened member flopped out, flicking the last drops of his cum on to the glass. In his weakened state, he let her fall gently to the floor, her back smudging the semen off the glass as she slid down.
He backed away, turned around and began towards the door to exit. He was in a daze. He was immersed in his physical sensations, his brain working to preserve as much of the memory as possible to savor for the rest of his days.
Cleo had to pick herself up. She had been slumped on the floor for what seemed like minutes. She turned her neck to look at the Credit Meter. 6,842,193. She had earned for the first time. And quite a sum as well. This would easily last her 4 days. 4 days till she would have to come back in to The Cage