We arrived at our home, about twenty minutes after picking up my bimbo dressed slut wife. I picked her up outside one of the most notorious pick up joints in our town. A lot of the journey home involved my wife regaling some of the saucy and naughty moments she claimed she had been enjoying recently at the hands of the lounge lizards and alpha males. She had confessed to being finger fucked by five different guys and admitted that one aroused her so much, she allowed him to finger her ass while she stroked his cock to orgasm, all on the crowded dance floor.
Now I say she confessed, but it could still be a yarn, as she spun a wonderful web of deceit on the phone, when I called her in the camper van, where I'd actually watched her being fucked like a true bimbo slut by the two guys.
I would wait patiently for the moment to reveal this knowledge to her, and show her my recording on my phone if she needed confirmation!
All the way home she stroked her smooth shaved pussy as she maintained her sexual running commentary. Either her imagination was incredibly fertile or the coke had made her immune to untruths. I don't know if it was the euphoria of her sexual activity, the tequila in her pussy or he snorting of cocaine, but she seemed blissfully unaware of the things she was revealing!
We both got out of the car, into our home and somehow made our way into the bedroom, with my wife still narrating erotic sexual passages of her most recent activities.
She removed her waistcoat and tight leather mini skirt. Standing at the side of the bed wearing her garter belt, stockings, an extremely high heeled pair of black pumps and her shiny black bra, at least one size too small, her huge firm breasts spilling out of the slut garment.
Her shaved tight wet pussy looked incredibly smooth and inviting as she removed every item of clothing from my body. My cock was thrusting forward, as hard as its ever been, waiting to slide inside her unfaithful cunt.
I looked at her mesmerised, still picturing her holding the two cocks as she stroked them before sliding them in to her unfaithful holes.
I lay on the bed, waiting for my wife to envelope my cock and use her sexy bimbo body for my sexual pleasure. Her head was high as the breathed excitedly, her huge breasts heaving as she held my cock and guided the tip inside her very tight but well fucked pussy. She let out the most ecstatic encouraging moan I'd heard in all our years of marriage. Her eyes were closed and I couldn't be sure it was my cock she was thinking was inside her.
She began to slowly and sensually ride my cock. Her hands were on my chest for support as her riding became more of a pussy grind.
"Do you want to hear about my night?" She smiled, moving her body sexually, looking dreamily into my eyes.
"Would that be before or after the two guys fucked you in the camper van!" I smiled awaiting her response.
As cool as you like, she smiled and whispered.
"Tonight or last week?" She giggled, not in the slightest bit flustered.
"How about you tell me all about tonight, then we'll discuss last week!" I smiled, entranced at the tightness of her recently fucked pussy and her casual confession.
"Well the two guys you saw me with tonight having been teaching me how to be a bimbo slut!" she smiled.
"You knew I saw you?" I stammered losing my upper hand.
"Of course I saw you! You're not exactly James Bond!" she giggled "I knew when you hid behind the booth. I've assumed for a while that you were curious and felt strongly that you wouldn't object if I did take things further. Let's face it, it was kinda obvious considering how many times we've role played this scene and you fucking loved it!" She giggled knowing I wouldn't be able to counter any this.
"I've been dropping hints and wearing more revealing and sexier clothing waiting for you to either confront me or try to find out what I've been doing! She laughed, almost disregarding me.
Looking down at me as she rode my cock, she whispered seductively.
"When I came home with my panties in my bag, you still didn't enquire too much and I knew the cogs in your mind were turning!" She uttered now beginning to pant with arousal.
"Tell me about the two guys who fucked you tonight! Tell me everything about the cocaine and tequila pussy slammers while you're at it!" I grinned regaining the upper hand.
She looked down at my open mouthed with an obvious trace of shock.
It was time for the cogs in her mind to turn as she tried to solve how I knew about the coke and the tequila!
Resigned to the fact that tonight, all will be revealed regarding her almost secret slut life.
She continued riding my cock slowly, then smiled provocatively.
"I do like a little Charlie when I'm being a slut, it loosens me up and Tequila pussy slammers really make my cunt tingle after I've been fucked a few times. Prosecco is just as exciting!" She smiled, her eyes half closing with lust and passion.
"Why didn't you tell me that you were not meeting the girls but were going to meet guys and fuck them?" I said, looking somewhat forlorn.
"I've fucked the two guys that fucked me tonight on two occasions. One of them fucked me on his own a few weeks back and he suggested bringing his friend along. They were the ones to get me wired up on cocaine!" she smiled "Including these two I've fucked seven guys in the last two months. Some of them I've fucked more than once and three weeks ago when you were away on business one of my friends came here and fucked me in our bed. Bending me over on your side of the bed and fucking my ass!" she teased and tormented, relishing the memory of all of the cocks.
"He was the guy who bought me the thigh length boots!" she grinned, enjoying her empowerment.
"So you've had a guy back here fucking you in thigh length boots, up the ass. You've cheated on me with seven guys in total! Have they all fucked your ass?" I queried.
"Of course they have!" she stated matter of factly "It turns them on so much to fuck a married slut in the ass when she's wearing something kinky!"
I looked at my bimbo slut wife, who was a stranger to me at this point.
"I admit that being fucked in the pussy and cheating on you is exciting, but getting fucked in the ass blows my mind. When they guy suggested his friend join us and have a threesome, it took things up another notch!" she smiled, riding my cock deliberately slowly "After that I was a slut in training and allowed them to photograph me, began wearing the sluttiest lingerie for them, Snorting cocaine off their hard cocks then have them pour tequila in my pussy and suck it out of me!" she shuddered sexually at the memory as her orgasm began to build.
"Next week, they want to bring another guy along and gang-bang me!" she smiled proudly as her orgasm swept through her.
I felt my wife's tight pussy become wetter. Her orgasmic juices coating my cock as she continued riding me slowly.
"You like that your wife is a cheating bimbo slut don't you?" she smirked "Wearing Garters and stockings, having other guys slide their cocks in all of my holes! Doing things to them that I don't do to you and letting them do things to me I never let you do!" she tormented.
"Your slut life can continue, but everything you do with them you must do with me!" I insisted "And we will start with you bringing some cocaine home, for you to snort off my cock!"
"You're still the best fuck I've ever had!" she moaned, sliding up and down my hard cock, showing how wet her pussy was.
"I want to see the photographs and videos you've let them take of you! And sometime down the line, you will bring home at least one guy and we will fuck you and record it all on film!" I snarled, squeezing her huge breasts.
She began to bite her lips erotically as she squirmed on my cock.
"That would be awesome, you watching me getting fucked!" She panted excitedly.
"Like how I saw you getting fucked tonight! Like how I saw you snort coke off two guys cocks. Like how I saw as they turned you upside down, pouring tequila into your cunt, then sucking it out with a straw!" I smiled gaining the upper hand again.
My wife shuddered with sexual arousal as I continued.
"I'm just glad I recorded it all on my phone!" I giggled.
"Show me!" She said, almost possessed with sexual excitement.
I reached out a hand to grab my trousers off the bedroom floor, and fished my iPhone out of the pocket. Unlocking the phone, I opened the photo app and pressed the video album. The muffled sound of my wife with two guys filled our bedroom. I held the phone turning the screen toward my wife as she watched two guys play with her tits then snort cocaine off her massive breasts.
She was moaning with pleasure as she jerked on my cock, hunting for next orgasm as she watched the two guys on the screen pleasure her!
She continued watching her sexual antics when the strongest orgasm I'd ever seen from her, burst through her entire being. A spray of female ejaculate gushed from her shaved pussy as she yelled.
"Fuck your slut wife!"
I flipped her on her back, still buried deep inside her tight, wet, shaved pussy. Her legs widened almost in the splits position as my cock began to spew spunk inside her wore cunt. I looked down at her in her slut lingerie, legs wide open taking her third cock of the evening.
She had never looked sexier in my eyes. As the final cock jerking spurts of orgasm, emptied inside her, I collapsed on top of her, my face level with hers as she began to nibble my lips, kissing me erotically.
Her voice was a whisper as she repeated.
"I love you!"
I smiled at her returning the phrase.
"I love you too! We will be having a very active sex life from now on!"