You can read chapter as a stand along story but you may enjoy it more if first you read chapter-1 which contains some brief character development. Hope you enjoy.
Cheers to all.
It has been four weeks since our last encounter with Jack; Beth is a little on edge lately, nothing I could really put my finger on, just a bit different and a bit tense. She is spending quite a lot of time in the evenings talking on the phone to her sister Anita, normally something Beth rarely does, she's not being standoffish or ignoring me, she just seems distant.
Last night we were both laying upstairs in bed doing some reading, I was looking through a couple of old hunting and fishing magazines while Beth was engrossed in one of those edgy romance novels. I was tempted to start up a conversation with her, but there is really no sense in trying when she's reading those types of books, she will always tell me 'hush, I'm right in the middle of the plot.' So I did what I normally do, gave Beth a kiss goodnight and drifted off to sleep. Sometime woke me in the middle of the night, I glanced over at the alarm clock, 2:30 AM, 'what the hell' I thought. The bedroom was dark and Beth was missing, wondering where she was, perhaps taking care of junior or getting a glass of water, I decided to get up and go check to make sure everything was ok.
I checked in junior's room, the spare bedroom and the upstairs bathroom, nope she was not in any of those places. I meandered downstairs in the dark to try to find her, I could see a dim light glowing from the living room, 'maybe Beth couldn't sleep and didn't want to wake me so she is reading down here'. I quietly walked to the entryway of the living room to check on her and what I saw was a startling surprise.
Beth sitting in my lazy-boy chair which was reclined all the way back, she had her head turned to the side away from me with her eyes closed, her heels were propped up on the footrest, and her knees were slightly spread apart. The sheer night gown top she normally wore to bed was discarded lying on the floor; this left her naked with the exception of a pair of lace panties. The light of the reading lamp which hangs over the chair was turned on low giving Beth's beautiful Asian skin a warm soft glowing look. Beth's left hand was cupped under her left breast and her first finger was slowly making circular motions around her hardened nipple. Her right hand was down the front of her lacey panties slowly moving up and down; no doubt she was rubbing her sweet little kitty.
We have been together over half-dozen years now, three in marriage and three prior to that, this is something I have never been privy to witness with Beth. I now she would play with herself, just never in front of me, she said she would be too embarrassed, I decided to remain silent and just watch for a spell.
After several minutes of slowly rubbing her pussy, Beth arched her back lifting her ass off the chair, using both hands; she slid her damp panties off. Tossing them to the floor next to her night shirt, Beth resumed her position, this time one foot was on the footrest and the other leg was draped over the arm of the chair. I could see her lips were puffy, pink and wet, her right hand slipped back to her pussy, I continued watching as she slowly inserted the index finger into herself. Beth stroked her middle finger in and out three or four times, I noticed her starting to breathe harder, instinctively her free hand went back to massaging those lovely breasts. 'Damm I love her 36C tits, so soft with olive tone skin and big dark brown nipples pointing up high.' I'm positive it's a result of the Asian – Native American heritage.
Beth played with her tits softly at first, this did not last long; soon she began kneading them with a little more aggression, I could tell she was getting close to cumming. Starting to pull at her nipples, she slipped another finger into her love tunnel; this made two, the third followed and soon after the fourth. Beth's pace quickened rapidly as she was finger fucking her pussy; all four of her fingers were buried deep inside with her thumb rubbing her clit, noticeably moaning and squirming in the chair she worked her hand in and out of that tight little pussy. Her hand was coated and sticky with love juice, I could hear her getting wetter with each trust in.
Beth's breathing was very heavy now, the words coming from beneath the moans, "fuck-me, fuck-me, fuck-me," over and over again she repeated as she continued to work on herself. Starting to shack and quiver her body became stiff; she arched her ass high off the chair, letting out four or five loud and very deep moans, she was cumming hard onto her hand. Panting hard and out of breath, Beth removed her hand from her soaked pussy and collapsed into the chair, legs still sprawled, one hand on her tit's, the other rest on her belly, Beth sat, several minutes resting with her eyes closed. I stood motionless admiring my wife, what a raving Asian beauty she is.
I decided to take the high road and retreat back to the bedroom; perhaps I would inquire later what that was all about. Several minutes later Beth slowly slunk into bed next me, I pretended to wake-up as she pressed her still very warm body next to mine. Beth put one arm over my bare chest pulling herself tight against me; I could feel the softness of her boobs on my back.
Good thing her hand didn't travel south, she would find a big surprise and know something was up. "You're so warm Beth, everything ok?"
"Yes, everything is just fine, I was talking to Anita, apparently she was in the mood to chit-chat tonight, go back to sleep." She give me a peak on the cheek and off to sleep she went.
In the morning I was rousted from my sleep by the smell of freshly brewed coffee, Beth must have gotten up early to make it. Looking down, a tent was formed beneath the sheets; I was sporting a raging hard-on, images of last night's show still burnt in my head. On my way downstairs I stopped in the bathroom to empty my bladder, replay, rewinding and replaying again all that happened. When I walked into the kitchen Beth had prepared my coffee, a bowl of oatmeal with cut-up fruit, and a glass of orange juice for my breakfast. It was all placed neatly on the kitchen table along with the morning paper, what a wonderful wife I had.
"I'm in here," Beth called to me from the living room.
I took my coffee and headed in to thank Beth for my early morning treat, when I entered the living room I found that breakfast wasn't the only treat I was in for. Beth was in a pair of light-blue tight fitting spandex work-out shorts with a matching exercise bra, hair put up in a pony-tail and a pair of sneakers, looked to me like she was in the middle of one of her yoga routines. On the living room floor was a work-out mat, Beth had herself situated on the mat supported by one hand and her opposite knee, working with some type of small medicine-ball. With her right arm extended straight out in front of her, palm up facing the ceiling holding the ball, her left leg was elevated stretching straight backwards. What an elegant pose; from her hand holding the ball to the tip of her toes, she formed a perfect line. I stood drinking my coffee admiring her for a moment; she has a slight but definite v-shape to her back, her ass looked round but firm in the tight blue shorts, and when tilted my head slightly I had a nice view of her tits which were confined in the spandex bra. Beth held that position for a minute or so then switched the ball to her left hand, extending it along with her right leg holding that position.
Recently, Beth was really getting into her exercise routines; she was never a real big exercise buff, only working out from time to time to keep in shape, nothing consistent. Over the past three or four weeks however Beth was exercising daily, just the basic stuff, push-ups, sit-ups, aerobics and stepper training, and yoga.
Not that I am one to complain, but I inquired, "Beth what's up with all the exercising all of a sudden."
Sitting down on the mat, taking a break "Oh nothing particular, I'm just trying to tone up this butt, I think it's getting a tad flabby." "What do you think?"
"Oh-contraire, I love your ass just the way it is," I think I have to say that but it's true, Beth's butt is not super skinny and tight, it's round and nicely toned, suits me just fine.
"What about these," placing booth hands under her tits as to support them, "I think my Boobs are starting to sage a bit, I need to tone those up too don't you think."
"I think their perfect just the way they are, but if you insist, don't work on them to hard; I need something to play with."
Getting up off the floor, Beth came walking over to me, "you're so sweet," pulling her bra over her head exposing those beautiful boob's, "what do you think, how am I doing?"
Before I could respond Beth eased out of her tight spandex workout shorts, leaving her in nothing but a pair of tennis shoes standing in front of the living room window. Stretching her arms above her head, Beth did a slow pirouette for me; "well?" she asked looking for approval.
"First off, any neighbors passing by might get an eye full," this probably isn't the case, but Beth is a bit of an exhibitionist so I just threw it out there to let her believe it's true.
"Second, I do notice you little tosh has firmed up some, those blue shorts were looking real good on you, and your abs have really starting to tone up looks like you lost an inch or so around your belly."
"So you do notice me, I've been working at this pretty hard you know."
"Of course I notice you, how could I not notice you, and yes, I do realize you've been working out hard." "Oh yea, thank goodness your boobs are the same size, we wouldn't want those to disappear would we." I said that with a bit of a sarcastic overtone.
"Yes I'm still working on those; they always seem to be the last to go." "Anything else new you notice about me," Beth inquired, arm's still stretched high over her head doing another pirouette revolution.
"Well, you obviously have been paying extra attention to your patch down below; looks like you have been doing a little extra trimming." Beth was always one to keep her pubic hair trimmed short and neat, but now it looks as if she has taken a razor to herself, leaving a little triangle landing strip of very short hair just above her pussy, everything else is shaved bald. This must have happened this morning; it wasn't that way last night.
"Do you like it, I think it's sexy?"
"Sexy doesn't do it justices," I replied, "I think it looks smoking hot the why I can see your pink lips know, damm you look so inviting!" Walking over to Beth, with her arms still stretched up in the air, I put one hand around her back, and took one of those lovely swollen nipples in my mount, my free hand traced over her flattened belly, past the newly trimmed patch of hair, right to her moist pussy.
Beth let me play but only for a minute, pushing me away, "play time's over I have to finish my workout."
"Damm getting me all worked up like that, what am I suppose to do about this?" gesturing at my now rock hard dick.
"Poor baby, if you can't wait until later you might just have to take care of that yourself." bending over to pick-up her workout attire. "Beside isn't that what you did last night after enjoying my performance."
"What, what performance, what are you talking about," apparently Beth knew I was watching her, but I was still going to play dumb anyway.
"You know very well what I'm talking about, I saw you standing in the shadows watching me" pointing towards the entryway of the living room.
"Well hell yah I watched, any male with a pulse would do the same thing."
"Oh so you liked it did you, did you like watching me, do you like watching your wife get off?" As Beth said this she reached a hand between her legs, barely letting her index finger part her pussy lips, stroking it one time.
"Since when have you become such a tease?"
"I'm no tease," Beth was looking directly at my hard-on which formed a tent in my boxer briefs. "Besides, from what I can tell you don't seem to mind." "It would serve you right if I left you this way, that's what you get for spying on me."
"I wasn't spying; I just came down to check on you to make sure you were alright." I complained back.
Walking over to me she eased her hand inside the fly of my boxers and pulled out my dick. "You whine worse than a two year old," still holding my cock and dropping to her knees, "I'll take care of this for you but you're not getting any of this right now," gesturing at her love triangle between her legs.
Parting her lips Beth slid my dick into her warm mouth; fuck her mouth was hot I thought I was melting in it. Wasting no time she went right to work on me guiding my seven inch dick down her throat, placing her hands, one on each of my hips, Beth started bobbing up and down along the length of my shaft. Sucking hard on her way up, pausing a second as my head was just about exiting her mouth, swirling her tongue around it several times, then completely engulfing me again.
"Damm you are so fucking good at this Beth."
A muffled "hum," was the response as she increased her pace.
It didn't take long; I was so worked-up from Beth's escapade's I don't think I could last more than several minutes. The head of my cock began to swell; I was going to lose it any time now, grabbing Beth by the back of her head, I started ejaculation into her mouth. Beth swallowed my first load of cum and prepared for the second, which was right behind the first, then a third, each time I filled her mouth she would swallow and await the next batch.
Beth took in five or six good shots from me as I finished, releasing my now semi-hard dick Beth stood up wiping ant traces of cum from her lips'.
"That should keep you satisfied for a while, now I have to get back to my work-out." Proceeding too put her work-out shorts and bra back on; off she went to continue her exercise regimen.
The remainder of the day was pretty uneventful, I did my usual Saturday honey-do-list and Beth did her normal house chores. Somewhere around 3:30 in the afternoon Anita came pulling up in the driveway like a bat out of hell.
Tooting her horn, Beth went rushing out the back-door, "be a sweetheart and watch junior, I'm going shopping, we shouldn't be gone too long," in a flash they were gone.
Beth and her sister Anita, gone shopping and won't be gone to long, "yea right". I figured it would be a good time for some R & R, I finished what I was working on grabbed a beer, plopped down on the couch with junior and turned on the ballgame. 'This is what Saturday's are made for.'
Several hours later the ballgame wrapped up, the home team was victorious, an unusual but pleasant surprise. Dinner time and Beth's still not home, go figure, I fixed junior and myself something to eat, cleaned him up and off to bed he went. I cleaning up after dinner, I took a shower and relaxed in my Lazy-Boy watching some TV shows. Before long it was 10:30, 'We won't be gone to long,' I thought, when you get those two together no telling when they will be back, so I headed off to bed myself.
I wasn't in bed more than twenty minutes when I heard Beth coming in the backdoor, along with some rustling around downstairs, soon followed by footsteps coming up the staircase. It wasn't long before Beth made her way into the bedroom.
"Sorry we were gone so long, you know how Anita and I get when we're shopping," setting two handful's of bags in the corner of the room. "I'm going to take a shower before bed, I won't be long," grabbing one of her bags, off she went.
When Beth reappeared she was wearing new summer bedtime attire which I have never seen, she had on a pair of hot-pink French-Cut lace panties. Up-front a little triangle patch of material traced a perfect outline of her pussy, normally I would be able to see a little pubic hair through the sheer material, but not tonight, she has herself manicured prim and proper. The sides are cut high; a piece of lace running up over the top of Beth's hip-bones is all that attached the front to the back. The fabric in the back covers only half of each butt cheek, forming a perfect "V-Shape" from her hips down and disappearing between her legs. Up top Beth had on a matching sheer spaghetti strap half-top, it was enough to cover her boobs, but her belly was completely exposed.
Walking over to the side of the bed, I was mesmerized watching those tities bounce. The sheer fabric is not see-through, but Beth's nipples are clearly visible making pointy bumps under her top, even on this warm summer night.
"Ready for bed lover," clicking off the night-stand light and slipping into bed next to me, "I am, I'm completed exhausted."
"Ready for bed, what with that outfit you have on." "Not a chance."
"What this, it's something Anita suggested, do you like it," snuggling up next to me.
"Like it that's any understatement, I love it,"
"I figured you might, now go to sleep, I'm tiered."
'I don't think so' I thought, rolling onto my side, placing my hand on Beth's navel, my face hovering directly above hers, I moved down planting my lips to hers. Our lips parted, both our mounts opening allowing our tongues intertwine; we were sharing a deep passionate kiss. With Beth's and my tongue doing the tango, I tasted a strange hint of something in her mouth, it masked by toothpaste, but it's certainly something. Alcohol for sure, just not sure what type, pondering for a second I concluded, Scotch, other than wine its Beth drink of choice. Anita and Beth were obviously up to something more than shopping.
Letting my hand roam up under Beth's top, I had just reached her breasts when she broke off the kiss. "That's enough, I love you now go to sleep," placing on hand on my shoulder gently pushing me away.
"Okay, okay," kissing her on the forehead, "I love you too." Rolling back over and going off to dream land.
Once again I woke-up in the middle of the night, damm I hate that, looking next to me, no Beth. Perhaps we keep waking up because it has been so warm; 'I really do have to get an air-conditioning system in this old house' mumbling under my breath. Can I catch a repeat performance like last night, I quietly snuck downstairs to see; nope Beth is not down here. I checked the rooms back up-stairs, the bathrooms, kitchen and basement, still no Beth, where the hell could she be. Get a little worried; I went to check on the front porch, opening the front door I walked out, no not here either, 'shit'. I was going back inside when I heard voices, which are coming from outside. I walked over to the far end of the porch too see whose they were and why someone was outside of our house at 2:30 in the morning.
To my surprise I saw Jack's old Chevy Van parked in the driveway directly next to the porch, our porch is elevated some four feet above ground with screened in windows. There are street lamps some hundred feet away which normally illuminate the driveway but now are shinning into the van's windshield. Standing next to one of the open windows offered me a vantage point with a Birdseye view into the van; I could clearly see the front driver-side and passage-side seats.
In the drives seat Jack sat, shirtless, a can of bear in one hand and a cigarette in the other, in the passage seat is Beth, wearing only the outfit she had on in bed. The two of them are probably only six or seven feet from me, even though I could see them the darkness of the porch had me fairly well concealed. I picked-up the conversation quite easily as the sound carried well in the warm thick summertime air.
"Wow Beth, that sleep wear you have on is intriguing, doesn't leave much to the imagination."
"You told me on the phone last night to pick out something nice to wear, so I did." "I wore it tonight just in case you stopped by, do you like it."
"I think you know the answer to that," taking another swig of beer.
"If you like this Jack, I have some other outfits you might be interested in, I will have to model them for you sometime." Pausing a moment as to ponder some deep thought, "so Jack, I asked you last time I saw you, do you miss me."
"You know I do, you shouldn't even have to ask that question," taking a long drag on his cigarette. "If memory serves me right, you had a firm grip on something that I own which you said you really miss, is that still true."
With a shy almost sheepish look, not answering the question directly, "So Jack where do we go from here?" placing her right hand on his bare chest.
"I think you already know." Discarding his smoke, finishing the beer Jack threw the can in the back of the van, leaning over giving Beth a kiss.
I was completely taken by surprised; Beth wasn't up at night talking to Anita she was talking too Jack, the garments that she had bought earlier in the day seemed to be for Jack's view pleasure not mine, and worst yet, Beth put up no resistance too Jacks advancements. Beth did warn me, 'better be careful what I wish for.'
Continuing kissing Beth Jack reached his right hand around her back, his other went straight under her night top. With the shear almost see through martial it was easy to watch Jack as he massaged Beth's tit's.
Breaking their kiss, "my my your boobs have grown haven't they, are your nipples as sensitive as I remember them?" Jack left hand was now playing with Beth's right nipple, rolling it between his fingers.
Beth pushed her head back into the seat and responded "yes, yes they are."
'Game over' I thought, once you start playing with those over sensitive nipple's Beth will do just about anything you want her to.
Jack knew had had her hooked, "I thought so," pulling up Beth's top exposing her beautiful breasts, "It's been a long time since I was able to play with these," bending forward he put his mouth over her left nipple.
With jack stimulating both nipples Beth immediately began to squirm, she was breathing faster and starting rubbing her legs together. While still sucking on one of Beth's tit's Jacks left hand moved away from the other, slowly guiding it down over Beth's navel, he stopped just above her panties hesitating just for a moment; just long enough for Beth to spread her legs to allow Jack access.
Jack drove his hand right into Beth awaiting cunt, "fuck! That feels so damm good," "god I miss that Jack."
Wasting no time, Jack started pumping his fingers in and out of my wife's pussy, "you really do miss me don't you. You're soaking wet."
"Fuck, --- fuck yes, I miss this," Beth managed to mutter; turning her head to the side facing away from Jack she spread her legs as wide as she could.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing or seeing, my wife of three years sitting only several feet away from me with her legs spread open offering her pussy to her old boy-friend. My heart must have been beating a million miles a minute; I had all kinds of emotions running through my head, anger, jealousy, fear and sexual desire all at the same time. I was the one who started this several weeks ago trying to get her to fuck both of us at the same time. Should I rush out and stop this, should I just walk away, or should I stay and watch, my emotions told me to put a stop to this insanity, but my dick was saying something completely different, I was as hard as a rock watching my wife give herself up too Jack.
Abruptly stopping, Jack removed his hand from Beth's pussy; "no don't stop," she moaned.
Leaning back in his seat, "Why don't you show me what you really miss about me?"
"You know what it is" reaching down with both hands for Jacks crotch, "I need this so bad, help me get it out," fumbling, Beth undid button and zipper of Jacks shorts.
Lifting his butt off the seat, Beth peal down his short to expose his impressive cock, "is this what you need" Jack inquired.
"Yes," wrapped both her hands around his dick, "this is what I miss most."
Jack cock truly was impressive, Beth had one hand at the base and the other just above the first one, this left a large purple head sticking out the end, damm thing must be eight or nine inches long, and fairly big around, probably one and a half time my size.
Slowly, Beth began to work both hands up and down on Jack's tool, on the up-stroke her top hand would completely cover the purple head of Jacks cock, pausing for a moment, swirling her hand around three or four time to provide extra stimulation, then stroke both hands all the way back down to the base of his shaft.
Not saying a word, up and down Beth continued working on him, with each stoke I swear Jack's cock head grew more engorged. On each stroke down Jacks cock glistened as pre-cum oozed from the tip of the head. Beth was transfixed; her eyes completely focused on Jack's over-sized manhood, the lips of her mouth were parted slightly running her tongue softly along the top on then the bottom.
"Oh that's it Baby," "yes Beth, that's just like I remember it, you are so fucking good."
Beth continued the skillful administration of her cock stroking technique. "Do you remember everything I taught you, do you remember how to suck cock." "It's been a long time since you sucked my cock, do you want to suck this."
"Yes, I remember, you always told me I was the best."
"You remember what" Jack spate back.
"I remember how to be your good little cock sucker." "But I can't be out here to long what if Ryan wakes up and come looking for me."
"You let me worry about Ryan," grabbing Beth by the hair and forming a ponytail; Jack pushed Beth's head down towards his anticipating dick.
Still having both hand firmly wrapped around Jack's shaft, Down Beth went. Beth's face neared, parting her lips the head of Jacks cock soon disappeared into Beth's warm soft mouth.
Methodically, Beth again started pumping up and down, her mouth never leaving Jacks throbbing member.
"Yes Baby, that's right, you obviously remember how to give head," voicing his encouragement and satisfaction at Beth.
Removing her top hand from Jack's dick Beth started play with his balls; this is something new, Beth never did that service for me. Removing her top hand allowed her to take more of Jacks meat into her hot little mouth; she did this without missing a beat. Up and down, up and down Beth's hand and mouth went in unison, it was truly an erotic sight to behold.
Beth got her rhythm going, Jack released the hand full of hair he had and lit himself another smoke, taking a few puffs, putting his head back in the seat, obviously enjoying the hell out of Beth's expert blow-job. This went on for nine or ten minutes, it felt like an eternity to me, not a word was spoken, the only sound was the occasional slurping and sucking sounds come from Beth's mouth.
Jack had almost finished his cigarette, how could he last this long, wasn't Beth's jaw getting sore, 'my god cum for her already' I thought. I was about ready to cum myself from just watching this shit go down. Finishing his smoke Jack tossed the butt out onto the driveway, I could tell he was getting close, Beth must have also sensed this. Her relentless bobbing up and down on Jack's cock quickened, he could not possibly last much longer.
Releasing her other hand from Jacks tool, not removing the trophy from her mouth, Beth rearranged herself from her seated position getting to her knees. Placing one hand on each of Jack thighs, Beth slowly started descending down the entire length of Jack's cock. With two inches to go Beth had almost completely engulfed that huge dick of Jack's, pausing, she started to cough and gag some; apparently, she could take no more in. Raising her head Beth started to come up as too release Jack's cock from her mouth.
Quickly placing his hand on the back of Beth's head, Jack grabbed another fist full of hair to once again form a ponytail. "You're not done yet," his free hand reaching under Beth grabbed one of her tit's which nearest to him.
It didn't look as though Jack was forcing Beth any further down onto his dick, but he surly wasn't about to let his cock free from my wife's mouth. Obviously Beth knew what Jack wanted; she slowly began to work her way back down take more of Jack into her mouth a little bit at a time.
"Holly Fuck" I said under my breath, I hope I did not say that too loud. I knew Beth could deep throat me at 7 inches with out to much trouble, but how the hell could she take all of that in. As I have said before, their is no one better at giving blow-jobs; Beth is in a league of her own.
Reaching the bottom, Beth had her nose buried in Jack's pubic hair which was about all Jack could handle; he tensed up and started to raise his hips from the van seat. Using Beth's ponytail as a handle Jack pulled her from his dick; instinctively grabbing him with both hands Beth feverishly began stroking him up and down.
Jack let out a loud "grunt, faster" he ordered my wife.
Christ, how could she possibly go any faster, she working him like a jack-hammer as it was?
Finally, Jack started pumping is cum for Beth. "Yes Jack, that's what I want, give me your cum, give me all of your fucking cum!"
'Fuck' I thought, I have never heard Beth talk like that, she's talking like some two bit whore in heat, has Jack always affected her this way?
Jack's first hot stream hit her square in the chest covering her night shirt, the next several were aimed directly at her face. Beth held her mouth open trying to direct each shot in, she was successful about half the time. Damm, must have been eight or nine loads for her, by the time Jack was done Beth was covered with his cum.
Leaning back, "Fuck Beth, that's exactly how I remember it!"
No reply from Beth; she simply placed her mouth back over Jack's cock and masterfully cleaned any reminisce of cum from his softening tool.
Finishing, Beth raised her head, "Did you enjoy that, I hope I'm not out of practice."
"Hell yes I enjoyed that, you're the absolute best Beth." "Now you know what I miss most about you Beth, what do you miss most about me, is it the blow-jobs you give me, is that what you really needed." "Or is there something else?"
"I haven't got it, yet," Beth replied.
"Oh you will, soon enough, but not tonight, you better get your pretty little Asian ass back inside."
Exiting the van without saying a word, watching, as Jack drove off, standing barefoot, hair all messed, her top still partially up exposing most of her tit's, and panties just barely covering her pussy, as to ponder, what sound I do next.
Decision time, what should I do, should I confront Beth, should I pretend that I know nothing, it feels like I have a thousand different emotions running through my mind, I think my head might explode.