Kelly's Rave Party
It had been several days now since Kelly's new found freedom. She had filled both of the trash cans full of her old conservative clothes. Gary was still trying to figure out what had happened to his wife, for the last few days she was either naked or wearing one of his tank top tee shirts around the house.
She was even going out to the street to get the mail in just a little tee shirt, her large breasts challenging the thin material, the bottom of her ass cheeks on display. He thought maybe he didn't want to know, he didn't want to ruin the new wife that had immerged from some unknown world. He knew he had loved going out with Bob and Kari, only wishing his wife would act like her, and now here she is fulfilling that wish.
Kelly was looking through more of her drawers sorting what to keep and what was now obsolete, when the phone rang. She answered it to find Alex on the other end. He asked how her dinner date went and she told him everything including stripping in the club and leaving naked. "Well that is good," he told her, "we are having a party tomorrow night and you are invited. We are going to a Rave Party Downtown and the guys insist you come along."
"Well I don't know," Kelly started to say, when Alex cut her off...
"Does your husband know about the hallway at the Mall yet?"
She begged, "No he doesn't and you better keep it to yourself's!"
"Good we will meet you at the little store at 9th and Pole Street, at 9:30 on Friday night." Alex hung up on her.
She was a bit excited and a bit scared as she tried to figure out how to get out of the house Friday night, not wanting Alex to share the pictures, not wanting Gary to know she had been unfaithful. And what was she to wear, she had only heard a little about Rave parties but wasn't sure what to wear or what to expect. She thought back to stories of drugs, drinking, heavy rock music, and naked people. "Oh, Naked people", she felt that tingle again.
Friday night came and Kelly had gotten a bath and shaved before Gary had gotten home. As they sat down to dinner Kelly asked Gary if he minded her going to one of the candle and cooking parties tonight or did he want to go with her. She already knew he would never go with her, it wasn't his thing.
That allowed her to get him to say he didn't mind, knowing he wouldn't have to go with her. After dinner she changed into a pair of old tan shorts and a snug fitting button up blouse under which was her new black bra, she had lost the matching panties at the night club over the weekend, so she decided to go commando.
When she met the boys in the store parking lot the guys were waiting for her. Alex met her at her car and opened the door for her. "What, no dress?" one of the boys asked.
Alex said, "it was ok, we will make some adjustments later, let's get going."
"Kelly, lock up your car and ride with us," Alex told her. "Give me your keys and purse," he opened the trunk of her car and dropped the purse inside and closed it, putting her keys in his pocket. Kelly sat between Alex and another boy in the front seat. Four boys and the girl, Debbie, she had met the previous weekend sat in the back, Debbie on the laps of the boys.
It was 10:15 or so but the time they got to the club and Kelly had no idea where she was. As they drove down a long dark street they came to a large warehouse with what looked like a few hundred cars outside, and she could already hear the loud bass beating in her heart from the music inside the building. Next to where they parked, a guy had his hand over a girl's boob, her top around her waist as they made out. She couldn't help but watch the two, admiring the girl's naked boobs and her not caring.
As they entered the club they paid the cover charge and were handed drinks. It was like some kinda punch but very strong. Debbie told Kelly to finish her drink so they could go dance.
Debbie was wearing a short black skirt with a net top over a black bra tonight. Kelly felt a little plain in her choice of dress tonight compared to the hordes of young people at the party in various stages of dress and undress.
As Debbie led Kelly through the crowd of people she noticed that a large number of them were guys and they outnumbered the girls four to one at least if not more. Most of the guys dancing were shirtless and sweaty already. As they danced numerous guys kept bumping into them, some even doing a bit of groping of her ass. But she paid them little attention and kept close to Debbie.
She couldn't help notice how many of the young girls were dressed, if you consider them dressed, some in see thru, some topless, some in kinky leather, sling shot bikini's, regular tiny bikini's and a few wearing painted on tops; she was amazed.
After a few songs Deb lead Kelly back toward where they had left the guys. One of the boys handed Deb and Kelly drinks and they both drank them down. Kelly could hardly hear what they were yelling at her over the crowd. After trying to yell back and forth Kelly began to feel tingles all over.
The girls headed back toward the dance floor this time accompanied by the guys. All the boys were around her and Debbie keeping them in the middle of them, groping them grabbing at their asses, their tits, pawing at Kelly's shirt and lifting Debs skirt. Pushing them into the guys on the other side of the dance circle around them.
Kelly's head was now spinning; she felt a feeling of wild euphoria. Holding her hair above her head, trying to dance as the boys continued to bump, grind and grope their bodies. Kelly could hear yelling to her back and turned to see guys and girls jumping from the stage into the waiting hands of crowd mostly young guys. She had the feeling of wanting to fly like they were and pushed her way to the stage.
Two guys helped her up on to the stage. A cheer went up and mostly guys in the crowd yelled for her on to jump. She happened to look down and noticed that her shirt was almost completely unbuttoned and her bra was in complete view and one of her nipples had been exposed for an unknown time. She adjusted her bra and button a few buttons and then leaped into the waiting hands. As she traveled over the crowd she felt hands on her tits and ass. She knew she was out of her bra but she didn't care.
She finally was placed back down on the floor after about a ten minute ride over the crowd, she was met by Debbie who had followed her through the crowd. Her shirt was complete opened with several buttons now gone and her breasts were hanging over her bra, one sleeve was down past her elbow along with her bra strap. She struggled to push and tug everything back into place tying her shirt closed, too many missing buttons to keep it closed. Her lacy bra and ample cleavage was still showing to everyone. Once she was somewhat covered again, they headed back to where the guys were. "That was fun," she told them, "I'll do it again later. But my head is spinning I need something to drink please."
They left for drinks and Alex had them wait near a lighted area and came back with drinks for the girls and him. Again after drinking it down Kelly began to feel even more light headed and euphoric, unaware that the boys were adding a little something special to their drinks all along. "Let's head to the mosh pit," said one of the boys. The boys all laughed and Kelly asked what that was.
"It's where we can make some real adjustments tonight." One of the guys said. Kelly looked at him clueless as they pushed through the crowd. When they got close Kelly could see just guys bouncing around inside a circle. Before Kelly and Debbie could say a word the boys began pushed the two girls into the crowd of shirtless guys as they themselves began to be pushed back and forth. Hands were groping them immediately.
Kelly felt a pulling on her top as she was pushed from the side, a hard yank stopped her movement and she felt a tear as it gave way. Then she felt the front of her top pulled apart again as her breasts threatened to jump from her bra. Then again she felt a rip and her sleeve was almost ripped off and some of the seam on that side, as she was pushed away again someone grabbed at the hole where her sleeve was a minute ago and it ripped once more opening up the side all the way down.
She knew she had to get out of the mush pit before she lost her shirt, but it was impossible to move on her own. Her top now was being pulled from the back; she feared it wouldn't last long as a tug pulled her bra strap to her elbow. Hands grabbed at her ass, squeezing it through her shorts. It wasn't long before she felt her top almost completely gone as the back was ripping off across her back.
She happened to see that Debbie was also in just her bra and her skirt was ripped up one side only the waist band keeping it in place. She was trying to keep her clothes on but was losing the battle as quickly as Kelly. Yells and cheers went up as Kelly's top was swept away and her bra was completely exposed, her left strap to her elbow and boob hanging from the bra unable to stay contained without the support of the strap.
Hands wear now pulling at the beautiful cougar's bra, in a matter of seconds it too was ripped away. Hands were now pinching her nipples and grabbing her large tits. She felt fingers inside the waist band of her shorts; she felt them pop open as someone tugged hard from the side, her hands trying to protect her nipples from the pinching and twisting. The zipper just came apart exposing her shaven public area.
Kelly felt more tugging as the back of her shorts were ripped away at the pockets. She reached back to feel her ass totally exposed as a good portion of her shorts had been ripped off with the pockets. All at once she felt as if she was being used as a tug of war toy as what seemed like eight guys in a frenzy were tugging at what was left of her shorts, then they gave and were ripped away from her body.
She was now being pushed around in the middle of the mosh pit totally naked. She noticed Debbie in another circle; she too was topless and most probably naked as well. Hands were now grabbing at her totally nude body as hands fought to grab at her most personal parts. Fingers were very quickly being forcefully inserted into to her ass and pussy and then quickly removed only to be replaced by another as she was pushed about in the mosh pit. Hands also pulled, twisted and pinched her nipples and tits.
Alex finally grabbed her and pulled her from the circle. "Enjoying yourself are you?" She couldn't say a thing, smiling at Alex. Another boy had Debbie, who was as she had guessed stripped naked too, and they were leading them toward the stage. Alex asked Kelly if she enjoyed having Deb last weekend, Kelly just shook her head to indicate yes. Alex said good she is yours again and two boys slid Debbie on to the five foot high stage and then helped Kelly up telling her to eat her good.
The two girls immediately went into a 69 position and began to lick and tongue each other's clits. Screams went up from the crowd as the sexy cougar and slutty college chick pleasured each other on the stage, the band even moved closer to watch. This went on for what seemed like 20 minutes as it was apparent both girls had orgasms.
Then Kelly stood up raising her arms above her head and jumped into the crowd of eager hands. Debbie just laid on the stage in exhaustion. The crowd began passing Kelly around fighting to feel and probe her nude body. She was passed around for a good thirty minutes before several guys pulled her to the floor and onto her knees forcing her to take their cocks into her mouth, first one then the other, alternating between cocks.
It didn't take long before her ass was pulled up and a well hung black guy entered her pussy from behind, causing her to gasp as he slipped in something larger than she had ever dreamed of to the hilt in 3 pushes. Kelly became obsessed in getting cocks in her hands, in her mouth and into her pussy. She wanted to be filled.
Several other guys not wanting to wait their turn with Kelly pulled Debbie from the stage, grouping her breasts and pussy. They held her up off the floor about waist level and began forcing their members down her throat and into her sopping pussy. She was just a toy to them as she neither helped nor stopped them.
Another girl watching the action, a petite redhead who didn't look old enough to even be there, barely "A" boobs in a black tank top and jean skirt, who was too close was grabbed, lifted from her feet screaming her clothes ripped and stripped off in seconds as her guy protested only to be ignored. One after another the three girls were filled with the juices from the guys in the crowd.
The lead singer then yelled into the crowd for the guys to put one of them on stage, that he wanted some head too. Three guys grabbed Kelly and lifted her onto the stage, she wasted no time in dropping the lead singers pants, while he continued to play, and started sucking him as the crowd roared cheering her on. As she squatted blowing him, the cum was running out of her down her legs and globing onto the stage from what the guys in the crowd had done to her.
After she had finished sucking off a few of the band members on stage, Alex got her attention and he helped her off the stage. The guys had Debbie and the crowd was starting to thin out as it was 4:15 in the morning.
They helped Kelly and Debbie to the car, Alex and Kelly with the driver in the front. As soon as they were in the car Kelly was in Alex's pants and sucking him. The boys in the back not wanting to be left out positioned Debbie to do the same. By the time they had gotten to Kelly's car the boys had all been relieved of their juices again by Kelly or Debbie.
The boy driving the car stopped in the street, Alex got out and gave Kelly her keys and Alex told her they will be in touch and they drove off leaving her standing in the street next to the parking lot covered in cum and totally naked, she had even lost her shoes hours ago. Several cars slowed as they went by and the clerk in the store was looking out the window in amazement as Kelly took her time staggering to the car and trying to open her car door. She finally got it open and started the car and headed home.
Arriving at home Gary met her in the drive way. He was shocked to say the least when she stepped out of the car nude. She smelled of raw ruthless sex and her hair was sticking to the side of her face and head covered in cum. Kelly looked at him and asked if he wanted a blow job and before he could answer she had his pajama bottoms around his ankles and was making him unable to speak. He lasted only a matter of minutes blowing globs of cum down her throat and in her hair. She then stood up and said "I need a shower" walking off leaving him there with his dick going limp in the driveway.