(This is something I've wanted to do for about a year now. It's 3:50 a.m. and I can't stop thinking about it so I might as well write it out. Here is one way this idea could turn out.)
"Aww, c'mon. Let's just go take a look. I promise I won't go crazy. And even if I did, that's why I want you guys to go with me, so you can make sure I don't"
Casey and Ben both shook their heads. They had known me for years. They KNEW I would go crazy and they KNEW there would be no denying me if I wanted to do something.
It pissed me off but eventually I got distracted and stopped asking. Alcohol gives me these crazy ideas but it also takes them away.
--------- The next month
"Kelli! Kelli, where are you?" My dad's ridiculous accent rang through our office.
"Dad! I'm here. You know I'm here."
I came around the corner from our filing area in a small huff. Him being this impatient could only mean there was something I was going to have to do that I would hate. Anything else and I could get to it in my sweet time, like I do most things. I'm pretty much the laziest person you could ever have the misfortune of having as an employee. Dad put up with his Princess but sometimes I had to bow to his authority. It looked like today was going to be one of those days.
He gave me the details, and after trying a few of my standard objections, it became clear that I was going to have to go.
I guess I should give you a little background on who I am and what I do. My family is in the wholesale gem business. People talk about the profit margin in jewelry, but they don't consider the expenses. For us, the biggest expense is holding inventory.
Since you never know when a retailer will need them, you need a variety of qualities in the common sizes and shapes of most gems. Someone may want their 3 carat oval Ruby to be just a little more orangey, or purplish, or clearer, or whatever.
So we sit on all that inventory every day, but so do many other dealers. What we excel at is having the really unusual or higher quality/larger stones as well. Some of those we may own for DECADES waiting for someone, somewhere, to want it and contact us.
When they do that, hopefully they have the luxury of a little time so I can ship the gems there. Sometimes that super-rich customer comes in and says, "Shit, I forgot all about our anniversary. I need it tonight."
When they need quicker-than-overnight delivery, or if the insurance would be too costly, (because it can easily cost thousands to ship super expensive things overnight), then it's on good ole Kelli to get it there. I'll slip a few gem papers in the cup of my bra and head to the airport. A few hours later, I'm walking into the jeweler's store.
This particular store was in LA and we knew they wouldn't ask if it wasn't a qualified customer. I griped of course, but if I was going to have to go somewhere, this was one of my favorites. There was a gay guy who worked there who really hit it off with me. We partied like rock stars when I was in town.
I threw on some yoga pants, a tank top and a light jacket and I was ready to go. It may seem odd to dress down when I'm going to try and sell a $250,000.00 Padparadscha Sapphire to a dealer, but trust me, they understand that the last thing anyone wants is me LOOKING like I'm carrying something valuable. We always laugh at the people in movies handuffing themselves to a metal briefcase. You would be minus one briefcase, and one arm, pretty quickly.
Anyway, I breezed through the airport with no problem and was soon zipping down the highway in my rented Hyundai. Same idea, blend in, although in some areas of LA a Mercedes is better camouflage. Dad leaves it up to me.
I was buzzed into the store and they sent me right in to see the owner. I had pinched my nipples before I came in so I knew my nips were showing.
He had never hit on me before and this time was no different. He was all business. He only had eyes for my gems.
I went to the back of the store to wait. If they didn't sell it, I would tuck it back inside my bra and head my cute ass back home.
Their client showed up about 7 p.m. and 45 minutes later, their jeweler set it in a ring and it was sold. Fuck yeah.
I had already checked out the flights and leaving now would mean two connections and a long wait at the first one. It would be easier and almost as quick to leave in the morning on a non-stop. It didn't hurt that I had only brought the one stone so that meant I had no inventory I had to babysit tonight.
It went without saying that Randy and I were going to party tonight. There was a great vintage shop just around the corner and I decided to treat myself. I found a dress that looked like a cross between something Mrs. Maisel or Marilyn Monroe would wear, and since my hair was full-on platinum blonde now, I couldn't resist it. A pair of white cat-eye sunglasses, stilettos that would cripple a lesser woman, and a scarf later, I was on my way back to the store.
Randy and the others had finished putting up the jewelry so he was ready to go. I drove his convertible Jag and he drove my Hyundai, because I would look so darling driving it in this outfit. Randy knew it was easier to do it than to try and talk me out of it...
His place was about 15 minutes away, which didn't hurt my argument any, and we were soon there. While he changed, he pointed me toward a loaded bong on the counter. I made myself at home.
I'm ridiculously cheerful and peppy anyway, but when I'm high or drunk, I'm even more of a bundle of joy. I'm singing, dancing, organizing games, making jokes, flirting....
The first stop was a sushi chef we knew. We both kept our sunglasses on and the suckers who were waiting in line had to wonder who we were. We sure played the role of LA power couple well.
Warm sake was doing it's magic and I didn't disappoint. Soon we had two other tables pulled up to ours and our new-found friends joined my impromptu party.
I looked good and I knew it. Randy was ripped and skinny as a greyhound with cheekbones that just wouldn't stop. He was wearing black high-waisted pants, a light teal silk shirt and a black cardigan. He looked like Conrad Birdie.
High AND drunk, I started on it. "Hey Randy, you know what I want to do?"
Randy definitely knew. The last time I was here I felt like I had nearly talked him and his boy toy into taking me to the adult theater. I suspect they've been there themselves but they were trying to protect me from myself.
You see, what I wanted to do was to go to the theater, and just walk around the edges watching people. The more I thought about it, the more it excited me.
I thought about all those gross old men, fat guys, ugly guys, whatever, and they were all thinking, "I'll go watch some porn, maybe jack off, maybe let a guy jack me off or blow me. It's not great but it's better than nothing." And then I show up.
I look amazing. They slowly trail their eyes upward from the peep toes on my marvelous shoes, up my lithe tanned calves, my slender hips and waist, savoring my perfect little titties, the matte red lipstick, the hair, OMG. It's gone from a dirty night with other gross people to the best night ever.
Those who hadn't started, pull their now-hard cocks out and begin stroking. Those that were already stroking, stroke faster. They want to show me how much they cum.
That's good baby. Cum for me.
I look down at them and smile sweetly. I'm so happy they shared this with me. Then I walk on to the next one.
Or maybe I stand still in the shadows letting my eyes acclimate to the lighting, survey the situation, then walk myself to the front of the theater and undress. I steal the spotlight from the porn professionals on the screen. They form a circle around me and try to touch me. My friends let them know they can look, but not touch. They are disappointed but they get over it. They all want to show me their dicks.
They are probably going to get some cum on me but I'll just shake my head sweetly and they'll grin sheepishly. Boys will be boys.
These are the kind of things I've thought of for my adult theater trip. There are a million variations, but it seems like it would be so hot to go and be just a little bit naughty like that. I tell myself that would be enough. It wouldn't have to turn into a gang bang.
I had explained that to Randy and his friend last time but they wouldn't buy it. Then a couple of weeks later I had tried to get my friends Casey and Ben to take me to one and they wouldn't do it either. Geez, what's a girl got to do to get a chaperone to the porn place?
Randy tried to cut me off this time too, but our conversation didn't go unnoticed by the others at the table.
"Are you serious? You want to go to a XXX cinema?"
"Hell, we can go to my house and I'll put on a dvd." I think his name was Tedd. Anyway, that remark got him a slug in the arm from his girlfriend, sitting right next to him. I thought that was pretty hot, whether he was teasing or not. I do like a bold boy.
Randy sighed and gave in. He correctly sensed that I would go with these strangers whether he went or not. He would have to go to protect me from them, and from the creepers at the theater. He was single now, so he might have a little fun himself while he was there.
I shook my hair free, brushed it with my fingers and removed my sunglasses. I didn't plan on being too wild, but I did intend to show them a few things tonight. That's what I told myself as I removed my bra and pulled it out through the arm hole of my dress.
It was a simple move to step out of my panties and put them in the glove compartment.
-------------Outisde the Sleaze-a-Rama
(hah, not it's real name)
It was so cool to have people with me. I had started to give some thought to going on my own if I couldn't talk anyone into it, but this was so much better. I was just a little scared of going by myself so I'd have to be sober to make sure I was able to handle anything that happened. I nearly said "popped up", but what was likely to "pop up" was what I didn't want to handle. Being sober would help with that, but it wouldn't help with giving me the courage to go there alone.
It was a super seedy section of town, as you'd expect. The parking lot was pretty well lit and our little group descended upon the entrance.
It had sex toys, videos, oils, all the normal stuff. But back there, that was the part I was looking for. It was a hallway that led to the fun.
We went past a maze of video booths with an assortment of older men, twinks and bois lurking nearby. I heard the melange of 20 different porns being played at the same time as people in the booths searched for their particular fetish.
We kept going toward the sign, "Theater". Our group was two girls and four guys, The other girl didn't look happy to be here. I think she went to keep an eye on her guy and me. That probably wasn't a bad idea.
I closed my right eye to get it accustomed to the darkness and walked the remaining distance to the door.
Once inside, my eyes adjusted first because of that, but no one doubted I would take the lead anyway.
My nips were like rocks and my pussy was on fire. I saw several heads turn toward the sound of the opening door and I gave a sweet little finger wiggle wave. I glanced up at the giant blowjob showing on the screen then stepped forward.
It's show time.
I was surprised that the door opened into the middle of the theater. You had to make a choice if you were going to walk to the front or the back. I guess that provided a little more privacy to the people in the back instead of forcing everyone to walk past them on the way in. I headed to the back.
Within a couple of rows I found my first guy. He looked like he was in his 60s? Balding with a belly, on his best day he's never been with anyone like me. He was perfect.
He covered his crotch hastily expecting me to pass by him. I stood patiently until he met my eyes. "It's ok." I mouthed to him.
He hesitated, then moved his hands, revealing a very hard cock. His fingers found their best friend and he began stroking in earnest. It took my breath away.
I like to think I stood there for at least a couple of minutes before I gave in, but it was likely less than that.
I unbuttoned the single big button at the top of my dress strap and slowly pulled the strap down. I let it hang on my nipple and pop free while he watched.
He was biting his lower lip and you could actually hear the sound of him whacking himself. It seemed like his tempo was increasing.
If he was close to cumming, I wanted to help.
I stepped forward and leaned down. He slowed and watched. He wasn't sure what I was offering.
"Touch them if you want."
He didn't need to hear that twice. His rough hands squeezed my boob hard. He began rolling my nipple between his thumb and forefinger and gritted his teeth. He mouthed, "Fuck" and came. He was a spurter, which I liked. Big strings of jizz arced through the air, landing on him and me.
I let him go for a while then gently pulled away, kissing him on the shiny top of his head.
There were a couple of gay guys a few rows behind him. I looked back to see if Randy had spotted them. I thought he might want to join in. I was surprised to see that he was nowhere in sight. In fact, the others had settled into a little clump of seats near the entrance. I was by myself.
I turned to watch the guys again. They looked at me unsure if I was a cop or what. I guess they knew that a cop would never look this fabulous so they relaxed and began kissing. Both hands found another's bulge and they rubbed life into them.
They looked up at me and I said, "I want to see them." Turns out, they did too. A zip, a reach and a plop, and cocks were out. The younger looking guy had a pretty meaty cock, nice and thick. They showed absolutely no interest in being with me so after enjoying a little bit of their fun, I moved on.
At the back, there was a little more room between the rows and even a few booths. I guess that's where the fucking took place. I looked down at the dirty carpet. Surely no one fucks on the floor.
A few steps further and I had my answer. A brunette with a high pony was bouncing up and down on the lap of her pimple faced lover. He was bucking to meet her and the smell and sound of fucking was thick around them. He had his eyes closed and was startled when he opened them and saw me watching.
His gf turned to see what had his attention. I smiled and gave her a thumbs up. When she gave me a half laugh, I felt safe to approach them.
I hadn't buttoned back up so when I leaned down to kiss her, my top obliged and exposed my sweet titties.
Her tongue went deep into my mouth right away. She was horny as hell.
His hand reached up to touch my right boob. She ran a long nail across my left nipple. He kept fucking her all during this. I was so close to them.
Close enough to reach down and wiggle my forefinger on her clit while he pounded her. The thick base and middle of his cock played peekaboo with me as he rammed into her.
Her clit was a moving target as her hips rebounded from his fucking. He was starting to get more vocal so I knew he was close to cumming. I increased my pressure on her clitty and gave her nipple a good twist for the fun of it.
It was fun for her too as her lips found mine again in a hard kiss that brought the slight taste of blood to my mouth. Our teeth and lips were crushing each other. I don't know if she really came or not, but when he announced his orgasm, she followed with a guttural moan that cut through the relative silence of the theater.
Cum for me baby.
I finished with a series of little baby kisses along her cheek and neck, tasting her sex sweat. She slipped a hand under my dress and had a finger in my pussy before I could stop her.
I pulled back slightly, blew a kiss at her, winked at him, and walked away. She had opened my pussy lips with her quick finger and I could still feel exactly where she touched me. I wanted to stay with them because I love threesomes, but I had the rest of the theater to see.
Was it all about quantity of dicks? Not really. I was kind of hoping to see a super big cock, or maybe a big black cock
I was surprised to see they were the only ones in the back section. The more I thought about it, it made sense though. People came there wanting to be seen. It made sense that people would be out in the better lit areas making friends.
I saw the group of people from the restaurant. It was the couple and another guy. Randy and the other guy were missing. I had a pretty good idea what they might be doing.
I stood and watched from a distance as she enjoyed the ministrations of the guy on each side of her. He had his fingers in her pussy. Even from here I could tell that. Her hands were wrapped around the shaft of the other guy's cock. It was too dark to tell them apart, but I would have bet that the dick in her hand wasn't her boyfriend. That's what i would have done. Explore the stranger, your boyfriend you already know.
Where were Randy and the other guy? I remembered the individual booths we passed on the way in and ding, I had my answer. I cut across the middle of the theater to the exit.
It was lighter here, and it took a while for my eyes to adjust. When my vision returned, I could see people were staring at me. Never one to waste the spotlight, I gave my hips a silly little wiggle and a cute wrinkle of my nose.
I exaggerated the roll of my hips as I walked slowly through the gauntlet. I imagined each cock out and hard, saluting me as I passed.
At each door I would pause and run my perfectly manicured finger down the door while they stared in rapt attention. Which room was she going in? There would be a mad rush for the room on each side when, or if, I went in one.
I hadn't really thought ahead of time about going in one myself. I really just wanted to go see if Randy and his new friend were in the same or different rooms. But here I am in Rome, as they say. It would be silly to waste a chance to do what the Romans are doing.
I caught a lucky break when I heard Randy's voice in the room to my right. I pulled at the door but it was closed.
"It's Kel." I announced. He probably didn't want me interrupting, but the door did open. I stepped inside and I was surprised to see he wasn't alone. Another question answered.
Randy was gay but the new guy must be bi, because he was happy as hell to see me. He started trying to kiss and grope me right away. I shook my finger in his face and said, "Dance with who brung ya."
It may not be something they say anywhere else but Texas, but he got the meaning. "But while you're here, there's no reason not to be neighborly." I said and I hefted his cock for a few strokes.
It was the first time I'd seen Randy's cock too. His was long and cut, straight as an arrow. Damn, gay guys are always so fine.
I had slowed things down enough that I felt like I was in control and I could enjoy myself. I reached out with my other hand and encircled Randy. If felt so fucking hot to have a cock in each hand.
Randy looked at me questioningly, so I smiled and released them. "Your turn." I said to the new guy and motioned to Randy's dick. He reached out and gave a tug more to his liking. I was enjoying watching my two friends please each other when I heard the commotion next door.
I had forgotten how I made such a show of making sure they all knew which room I was in. Sure enough, there was a little cock poking through the glory hole to my right.
I giggled a little but put my finger to my lips for the boys in the room. I walked over to the hole. I pushed gently on the base of his cock so he withdrew it. Unsure, he lowered his face to the hole to see what was going on.
I watched his face come into view through the hole and made sure he saw me too. "Is that cock for me?" I asked in as sweet a voice as I could.
"Oh yeah bitch. Suck that cock."
"Then put it back in the hole lover boy."
He stood up quicker than I imagined and his little cock was again poking through the glory hole.
I knelt down and touched it. The size was a little disappointing but it was my first glory hole cock. It would be a shame not to suck it a little at least.
It made me hot knowing he knew what I looked like but I had no idea which of the guys he was. He's going to cum fast imagining my sexy lips wrapped around his teeny weenie.
I put him in my mouth and easily took him all the way. I heard a groan on the other side as I began to suck. (And here's where I got naughty.)
I suppressed another giggle and motioned to one of them to come here. It was the new guy who answered my call.
I mouthed, "Take over." and he grinned. It was the oldest trick in the book, the bait and switch.
He fell to his knees and began sucking like a wild man. I watched for a little while but I found what I was looking for on the other wall, a big fat black cock.
Randy followed me to the wall. He knew what was going to happen.
I poked this dick back too and when I had space to be seen, i said, "Daddy, can I drink your hot black cum?" in the best little girl voice I knew.
"Oh babygrrrl, you can have it all."
I think my pussy literally dripped while i sucked his BBC. I was spitting on his dick trying to get my mouth to slide on the dusky black cucumber in front of me. I wanted it down my throat.
"Grk, gakk, gak, gak" His big cock was slamming the back of my throat and I was loving it. I gasped for air and began cranking his cock with my hands while I moved my head back and forth on his cock.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and I blushed red. I guess I had taken more than my fair turn on this one. Randy replaced me quickly and enveloped the guy like a professional.
He must have felt the difference, because I'm a tiny thing, and while I can do miracles with what I've got, Randy swallowed him and I had to admire his work. The man knew how to give a blow job.
The new guy, (I never did get his name), was standing behind us watching enviously.
I said, "May I? and I had guessed right. He was bi and couldn't put his cock in my mouth fast enough.
I played with his balls while they rested on my chin. Balls are such weird things but I love toying with them, sucking them. He started trying to pick up the pace again and face fuck me. I let him go a while, because, hey it's a dick in my mouth, but eventually I pulled away.
"Randy might like a little encouragement. Show me how you suck a cock."
He didn't hesitate. He put Randy's long rod in his mouth and paid him back for the nice thing he was doing. I guess it really did work as encouragement because having his own cock sucked made Randy suck the big chocolate cock in front of him with real fervor.
When he exploded in Randy's mouth I swear Randy purred.
Oops, I'm being a bad hostess. A new dick had replaced Tiny in the first hole. This one was more respectable. I liked making a wonderful memory for the first guy, but there's no reason I couldn't also be nice to guys with big dicks.
His was long with a bend downward. When I've seen one curved that way in porn videos, I've always thought, "That would make it easier to go down your throat." instead of having some guy try to poke it up into your brains. It seems like it would be good for hitting my G-Spot when I reverse cowgirl him too.
I can now say for sure it does go down your throat easier. G-Spot is still to be determined.
A big pair of shoes came into my field of vision and I soon handed off, (throated off?), my new curved boyfriend to the new guy. They were sucking off the guys faster than I could set them up. Randy was standing up wiping goo off his chin. I looked at his cock to see if the new guy had made him cum before he switched to Mr. Curvy. It didn't look like it. He was still rock hard.
"You mind?" I said and nodded my head toward his cock.
"I knew this would happen."
I gave him one of those slow loving blow jobs while we waited for the next hard cock. He stood there with his hand on his hips and endured my attempts. No kidding, this guy was gay.
Did the next cock even close the door? It didn't seem like he had time to. He looked into the room and gave me a big smile as he dropped his pants to his ankles.
I brought my lips to the hole and said, "Kiss me first."
I felt soft lips and then just the right amount of tongue. This guy can kiss! I was originally thinking I would be funny and right after asking for that sweet kiss, tell them to shove their cock down my throat. But joking around was the last thing on my mind as this guy lit up my fire.
You'd think having several cocks in my mouth would have gotten me the most excited, but it was this guy, trying to please me that really got me going. The others were just jamming a dick in me, but this guy wanted to make love to me.
But, sigh, we had a thing going. I stepped over to the chair to finger my pussy while the new guy took my place.
I never thought I'd say anything like this but I lost count of how many cocks came and went that night. By the time we left, the other people from the restaurant were gone. They probably looked for a while, but when we were nowhere to be seen, they assumed we had left without them.
I hoped I would run into that couple again. I'd love to give her some shit. She hadn't seen me do anything so I could say I looked around a little then left. I'm sure she ended up blowing both guys or letting them fuck her, maybe more people too. She was acting like I was the bad girl going to take her man and instead she finds out I'm a good girl and she's the slut.
As far as anyone other than Randy and the new guy knew, that's the truth. I'm a good girl. A sweet nice girl.
I kissed the new guy deeply right after he swallowed his last load. We shared the taste of the cum, then we walked out to the car. No one said a thing on the way home but I think we'll be coming back.
(Thanks for reading this. Love you.)