"Why am I doing this?" Jenn muttered to herself, squeezing her thighs together tightly as she sat down in the lecture hall.
"I don't know, it could be fun."
Jenn jumped slightly at the unexpected response from the man she hadn't realized was taking the seat next to her. Her heart, racing, was suddenly in her throat and her chest heaved, which wasn't helping matters.
"The lecture?" the man smiled mildly at her, gesturing vaguely at the distant podium. "Could be fun."
"Yeah," Jenn smiled weakly back. "Maybe."
Of course, he meant the lecture, she mentally kicked herself. He had no way of knowing that she wasn't wearing underwear. No way of knowing that her boyfriend Dan, currently at home on the other side of the country, had insisted that sluts like Jenn had proven herself to be, don't wear things like panties or bras while at a conference.
The man... why did he look oddly familiar... settled into the seat next to her and gave a polite smile. His eyes traveled swiftly down her body, examining her as men so often did. Jenn flushed under that gaze.
In a quiet, rational part of her mind, Jenn knew that her skirt was long enough that there was no way this man could possibly know she wasn't wearing panties. Of course, the quiet, rational part of her mind was also rather un-quietly insisting that she go immediately into the restroom... the ladies' room, this time... and put her underthings back on this instant. As she wasn't listening to that part of her mind, Jenn was instead very aware of the man's hot gaze lingering at the juncture of her thighs, as if looking directly at the neatly trimmed landing strip of her naked pussy.
The rational part of her mind was of no help whatsoever where her bra, or lack of bra, was concerned. Even if her blouse hadn't been unbuttoned an extra button, the material was very thin. She shivered as the man's eyes caressed the bare inner slopes of her breast, teasingly brushing over the dark outline of her nipples.
"I'm sure there'll be something interesting," the man smirked. "I'm Karl, by the way."
"Jenn," she replied, favoring him with a smile.
There was definitely something familiar about him. Of course, there were a lot of people at the conference. Still, the thought that she had just run into him at a different seminar or in the vendor's room didn't feel right. No, something about seeing him made her flush in a way that suggested something else. Had he been in the hotel bar the other night?
Trying to put him out her mind, Jenn fixed her eyes on the podium and fidgeted in her seat. She couldn't quite seem to decide whether crossing her arms over her chest helped by concealing her nipples or just made things worse by pushed her breasts together, so her cleavage was even more pronounced. She was sure Karl was watching, amused and attentive. The flush on her face seemed to be spreading down her neck.
Up at the podium, the morning speaker started in on his presentation. As it did not include any general announcements concerning her slutty behavior or explicit naked pictures of her (there were many on her phone), Jenn started to relax. Thirty minutes later, she started to get bored.
How long, she wondered, was this seminar supposed to last anyway? She wasn't even entirely sure what it was about. Something about management techniques, she thought. That didn't make it any more interesting.
Out of the corner of her eye, Jenn noticed that Karl had also clearly given up listening in favor of staring at her breasts. He wasn't being crass about it, she was pleased to note, but he was definitely looking.
The warmth she'd felt earlier grew. The idea that this stranger was enjoying his view of her partly exposed breasts sparked a thrill of excitement in her. Playfully, she shifted in her seat, stretching and arching her back. Karl pretended not to notice, but there was a hint of hunger in his sideway glance.
Shifting a little in her seat, Jenn decided this actually could be fun. After all, last night she'd gone down to the hotel bar in a slinky dress with no bra or panties...
Oh my God, she thought, memory flooding back.
She had been standing by the elevators, on her way down to hotel bar. At Dan's instance, she had just taken off her panties. Feeling wicked, she had pulled up the hem of that slinky black dress, exposing her pussy, and snapped a quick picture of her reflection in the mirrored elevator doors. A moment later those doors had opened, and two men had stepped out.
They had seen her, standing there in her slinky black dress, her heaving cleavage, her hiked up skirt and the neatly trimmed landing strip of her naked pussy. One of the men looked away quickly, red-faced, and walked on past. The other man stood there for a moment, drinking in the sight of her. Under his hot gaze, Jenn had felt a surge of unmistakable desire. She'd made no move to cover herself. She hadn't wanted to.
"Good evening," the man had said with a grin and then walked past her.
Now, he was sitting next to her. No wonder she was sure Karl knew she wasn't wearing panties. He'd already seen her pussy once, last night. She had no doubt he had recognized her, probably before he had even sat down next her.
Her face flushed even more, the heat spreading down her neck and her breasts. A different heat rose between her thighs, the same unrestrained desire she had felt standing in front of that elevator. Yes, she decided. She was going to have fun.
With a wicked, half-hidden grin, Jenn ran her fingers down the open edge of her blouse, lightly brushing the side of her breast. Karl's eyes followed her motion, drawn to the skin of that bare inner slope. Teasing, she pulled her blouse ever so slightly open. His gaze was fixed on her tit now. How much could he see, Jenn wondered as she felt a warm tingling spreading over her whole skin.
Slowly, she let the fabric fall back into place. Her fingers again traced the edge of her blouse. She toyed, with studied idleness, with the next button down. Opening it would be going too far, she thought, but hinting that she might certainly had her watcher's attention. She could see Karl shifting in his seat next to her.
A wicked thought entered Jenn's head. She looked down at herself, at the flushed bare skin between her breasts, at the dark circle of her nipples pressed against the thin fabric of her blouse. She made a feigned sigh of exasperation, tugging at her blouse just over her nipple. Imagining she saw a piece of dust or lint just there, Jenn brushed her fingers over her nipple.
The spark of pleasure was shockingly strong. Her tingling skin flared with a heat that rushed downward to the growing wetness between her thighs. She barely contained a moan. Nearly forgetting her audience, Jenn teased her own nipple again, feeling it harden under her touch, feeling the electric heat rushing through her skin.
Beside her Karl shifted again, pulling her attention back to him. She hid a grin as he moved his conference program over his lap, concealing the obvious bulge in his pants. Jenn felt the hot wetness growing between her thighs. Distantly, she worried her skirt might be getting damp.
Smiling, she returned to toying idly with the button of her blouse, twisting it casually between her fingers. She found that if she held herself just right, the heel of her hand brushed tantalizingly against her hard nipple. Out of the corner of her eye, she watched Karl watching her.
She was surprised when suddenly the lecture ended. The morning was over, and people were breaking for lunch. In the seats around, conference attendees, oblivious to the aroused pair in their midst, started to stand. Flushed and hot, Jenn stood as well. Karl, still seated next to her with his program held over the tent in his pants, smiled politely at her.
"Well," he said, his voice a little rough, his eyes following the sway of her breasts. "That was interesting."
"Yes, that was fun," Jenn smiled. Feeling wicked, she moved to face him. Her knee slid between his legs, the hot bare skin of her leg pressing against his thigh. As she leaned over to speak to him, she knew that happened to put the gap of her blouse just at his eye level. "I think I'm going to go to hotel bar. I could use a drink and maybe I'll get something hot."
"Will you now?" Karl grinned, slowly lifting his gaze from her tits to look up at her face. The heat of his gaze was positively blistering. Jenn's breath quickened, her breasts heaving as she smiled back at him.
"Would you like to join me?" Jenn said breathlessly.
Slowly, Karl rose to his feet. Their bodies, Jenn thought, were perhaps a bit closer together than even the narrow confines of the lecture hall seating required. His strong chest didn't really need to press against her heaving breasts. His well-muscled thigh certainly didn't need to still be between her legs, pressing the tight fabric of her skirt against the hot, wet folds of her otherwise bare pussy. Absolutely that large, hard bulge in his pants shouldn't press firmly against her hip.
"I'd love to," the man replied.
"Let's go then," Jenn grinned mischievously, taking a quick step away from him. Turning decisively, she swayed out of the lecture hall.
****
Jenn was halfway across the hotel lobby when her phone chimed. Grinning, she plucked it from her purse while turning and smiling at Karl.
"Hi honey," she answered brightly.
"Hi," Dan's voice came through the phone. "How's the conference going?"
"Honey?" Karl mouthed silently.
"Well, this morning's seminar turned out to be a... lot... of fun," Jenn smiled at Karl, who smirked back.
"Anyone notice you weren't wearing a bra?" Dan chuckled.
"As a matter of fact, yes," Jenn grinned wickedly.
"Really?" Dan sounded intrigued.
"Yes," Jenn replied, grinning at Karl. "In fact, one guy spent the whole time starring at my tits."
Concern, confusion and amusement were all warring for space on Karl's face. "Not the whole time," he muttered defensively.
"Yes, you did," Jenn told him.
"What?" said Dan, confused.
"Sorry, honey," Jenn replied. "I was talking to Karl. Karl is the man who's been peeking at my boobs all morning. Karl, this is Dan on the phone. Dan is my pervert boyfriend who insisted I not wear a bra... or panties by the way... today."
"Really?" Karl smirked.
"Shush a minute," Jenn told Karl, turning her attention back to her phone. "Oh, and Dan... Karl's seen my pussy too."
"Seriously?!?" Dan was clearly shocked. "You flashed your pussy in the lecture hall?"
"No," Jenn said. "He saw it last night. Karl was one of the men by the elevator. You remember me telling you about that? Well, I have to go. Karl's going to buy me a drink now. I'll call you later and let you know how it's going."
With that, she hung up and turned her attention back to Karl. He looked a little shocked, but mostly amused.
"So..." Karl said.
"Buy me a drink," Jenn said firmly, bending over slightly to show off her tits again.
"... and we'll see how it goes?" Karl added.
"That's right."
****
Gasping, Jenn fell against the door of Karl's hotel room. His mouth pressed against hers, making it even harder to catch her breath. He held her against him, his hard bulge pressing against her stomach as he ground his hips against her. When the door fell open behind her, she was glad for his hand on her ass keeping her from actually falling into his room.
Together, they stumbled backward into his room. Her hands tore at the buttons of his shirt, searching for his muscular chest underneath. He pawed under her skirt, squeezing her naked ass. She moaned into his mouth as their tongues grappled.
"Let me get this straight," Karl groaned, pushing her back against one of the room's two beds. "Your boyfriend wants you to fuck other men?"
"He gets off on it," Jenn panted.
"... and you like showing off your body to strangers," Karl leered at her.
"It gets me hot," Jenn grinned.
"Cool," Karl shrugged. "Let's see those tits."
"Ok," Jenn laughed, reaching teasingly for the next button of her blouse.
"Too slow," Karl snarled. Before Jenn could react, he grabbed the sides of her blouse and pulled.
"Hey," she gasped, as buttons flew everywhere.
"I'll buy you a new one," Karl growled, grabbing her around the waist and throwing her down on the bed.
Shocked, Jenn looked up at him. She was, she realized, alone in a hotel room with a strange man. Her blouse ruined, her bare tits heaved. Her skirt, already hiked up from his groping, had bunched around her waist. Her legs had splayed when she landed, exposing her naked, wet pussy. She was distinctly aware of how muscular Karl looked, and how big was the bulge straining against his slacks. Despite the rational part of her mind which informed her she should be maybe a little worried, she smiled at him.
Karl paused, the fierce hunger in his eyes simmering as he drank in the sight of her. "You're gorgeous," he panted, pulling off his shirt to expose his powerful chest.
"Thank you," she breathed up at him.
The moment broke with a growl as he lunged. Jenn squealed as he landed next to her, his strong hands pulling her into another deep, commanding kiss.
She moaned into his mouth as his tongue forced its way past her lips. He gripped her neck, pressing her face to his, as his free hand moved down her body. She squealed as he pawed her heaving tits, his fingers roughly squeezing her hard nipples.
Jenn's own hands explored his muscular chest, slid down over his tight abs, until her fingers brushed against the edge of his slacks. Karl growled into her mouth, his hips rocking under her fingers, his hand massaging her tit. They gasped together when her hand slipped lower, cupping the massive bulge of his hard cock, straining against his slacks.
"You want that," Karl groaned against her lips, his hips pressing himself against her hand.
"Yes," Jenn panted.
"Say it," Karl commanded.
"I want this," Jenn squeezed lightly. "I want your big cock."
"Is it bigger than your boyfriends?" Karl growled.
"Hey," Jenn chided, squeezing a little tighter. "Dan has a nice dick."
"Does he?" Karl grunted.
"A very... nice... dick," Jenn said firmly. "And you have a very... big... cock. And now I want your very... big... cock."
"And I want..." Karl's hand slid down her stomach. Jenn shivered as he moved over her bunched-up skirt, down between her wet thighs. "This... oh... this very... very wet... pussy."
"Yes," Jenn moaned as his fingers probed her wet folds, sliding easily into her. "Oh God, yes. I'm so hot... so wet... all morning... yes, right there... I think... oh, yes... I think my skirt got soaked... while you... mmmmm, yes... looked at my tits."
"Your great tits," Karl kissed his way down her neck, his fingers probing her pussy. "Your wonderful, round, tits." His kisses trailed down her chest, until he took one of her hard nipples in his mouth.
"Oh God," Jenn cried out, her hips rocked under his hand, her fingers tangling in his hair.
"Oh, yes! Yes." She quivered as he kissed and sucked her tits, moving from one nipple to the next. All the while, his fingers continue to work in her dripping pussy.
"What... oh my," she gasped, as he kissed his way down her belly. His head moved between her legs. His strong hands grabbed her thighs, pushing her legs apart as he buried his face in her dripping pussy.
"Oh my God," she cried as his tongue lashed at her clit. Her hips arched, pressing herself against his face, pleasure building inside her, almost ready to burst. "Oh my God, oh my God, oh yes! God, yes! Right there. Right there!"
"Karl, are you watching porn again?" another man's weary voice came from the doorway.
"Shit!" Shocked, Jenn stared at the man now standing over her.
He was tall, broad shouldered and red faced. He was, she knew in a flash, the man who had been in the elevator last night with Karl. The other man who had seen her pussy and, red faced then as well, walked on past. Now he was looking down at her... at her flushed face, panting on the edge of orgasm, her bare tits and achingly hard nipples, her wantonly open legs and her fingers still holding his friend's face between her wet thighs.
She could feel Karl chuckling against her pussy, as he lifted his head enough to brace on one arm and look up at the new arrival from between her spread legs.
"Jenn," he said, remarkably evenly. "This is Chris... my coworker and roommate. Chris, this is Jenn... you remember, from the elevator. Turns out Jenn here has a pervy boyfriend who wants her to flash and fuck strange men at this conference."
"Does she?" Chris said flatly, wide eyes staring at Jenn's naked, panting body.
"Yeah," Karl replied conversationally. "I was just about to help her with that... the fucking part... when you came... Well, actually, I think Jenn was about to cum."
"I'll go down to lobby then," Chris said, his eyes on Jenn's tits.
"Cool," Karl smiled, lowering himself back between Jenn's thighs. "Unless..."
"Unless?" Jenn whispered.
"Turns out Jenn here has a real exhibitionist streak," Karl grinned at her from between her legs. "Maybe she'd like you to stay and watch. I bet Chris would love to stay... and watch."
"Stay?" Jenn panted, looking up at Chris, seeing the desire burning in his eyes, the bulge tenting his slacks. Chris looked suddenly eager.
"Stay," she whispered again. "You can stay... and watch."
Karl's tongue lashed against her clit again, and Jenn moaned. Her back arched and her hips pressed against his mouth. Her eyes, half closed, fixed on Chris. The other man moved to stand by the side of the bed, looking down at her.
"Oh yes," Jenn moaned loudly. She smiled up at Chris. Teasingly, she let her hands slip up her body to cup her tits, brushing her own nipples.
"Oh yes," she moaned again as Karl licked her sensitive folds and she played with her own tits. "Oh God, yes. Don't stop. Right there."
Chris looked down at her, his eyes glazed with hunger. His hand cupped his own groin, squeezing the bulge in his slacks. Jenn smiled at him, her tongue flicked against her lips, her fingers pinched her nipples, her hips rocked against Karl's face.
"Oh yes," she purred again.
Chris pulled down his zipper, his fingers reaching inside his slacks.
"Do you mind?" he panted.
"Do it," Jenn sighed. "Show me. Show me how... oh yes... how hard you are."
Chris pulled his cock from his pants. It was broad, like the rest of him, a thick shaft and heavy head. He wrapped his cock in his in fingers, slowing stroking himself.
"Yes!" Jenn gasped, watching one stranger jerk his cock over her while another lapped wildly at her pussy. "Oh God, yes! Yes... yes... right there... don't stop... no..."
"You like that," Karl said, maddeningly pulling slightly away, leaving her quivering at the edge again.
"Yes," Jenn pleaded.
"You like seeing Chris jerk it while he looks at you," Karl teased.
"God, yes," Jenn moaned. "I do. I really do."
"What do you think?" Karl smirked.
"What?" Jenn panted.
"You want that cock in his hand," Karl said. "You want both our cocks?"
"Oh God," Jenn shivered at the thought.
"How about it, Jenn?" Karl continued. "A threesome? What would your guy think of that?"
"He..." Jenn grinned, rolling her hips, her fingers still playing with her tits. "Dan's suggested a threesome... sometimes... He said he wants to me to... suck... a hard cock... while another cock... fucks... my pussy. Feel two cocks in me."
"Well," Karl grinned.
Jenn smiled at him. Them she turned, her fingers reaching toward his friend.
"Chris," she purred. "May I? May I... suck... your cock, while Karl... fucks... me? Please?"
"Hell yeah," Chris groaned.
****
Over the grunting, moaning and flesh slapping against flesh, Jenn was shocked anyone heard her phone chiming.
"Hello," Karl was the one who answered it.
"Yeah, this is Jenn's phone," he continued. "Is this Dan? Hey, Dan. This is Karl. I'm the guy fucking your girl."
Jenn gave a muffled moan as he emphasized his words with a firm thrust.
"No, right now," Karl laughed. "That's right. I'm balls deep in your sweet-heart's tight pussy..."
His long cock sank even deeper inside her.
"...and Dan," Karl added. "Let me tell you man, she has a fantastic pussy. Oh, shit, this feels good, stretched around my cock. Thanks for sharing, dude."
She shuddered, imagining what Dan must be thinking as Karl's big cock filled her.
"No, she can't talk now," Karl answered after a pause. "She's got a cock in her mouth. No, dude, I just told you... I'm fucking her pussy. She's sucking my buddy, Chris."
"Mmmfph," Jenn grunted around the thick cock in her mouth. She tried to lift her head, to speak, but Chris's hand held her.
"That's right," Karl replied. "Threesome. She said you had suggested one. Oooh... Hey, Jenn?"
"Mmmmh," Jenn answered.
"I think Dan thought he would part of your first threesome," Karl said, adding. "Sorry, dude. "
"Ooohhhmmm," Jenn moaned as the pair of cocks stretched her mouth and pussy.
"Hey, you're on speaker Dan," Karl said.
"Slut," Dan sounded breathless through the phone.
"You wanted her to be a slut," Karl replied.
"Yes," Dan sighed.
"Now she's in a stranger's hotel room, on her hands and knees," Karl pressed. "With a cock in her mouth... uhn... and my cock in her pussy."
"Mmmhhh!" Jenn moaned loudly. Hearing Dan's voice, even as the two guys ploughed into her, sent uncontrollable shivers through Jenn's already inflamed body.
"Oh fuck," Dan panted.
"You like this Dan?" Karl asked. "Is this what you wanted?"
"Oh shit," he groaned over the phone.
"Ooohhhmmmgghd," Jenn shuddered and groaned. She could barely contain herself. Her hips bucked back against Karl's cock.
"Oh fuck," Chris grunted. "She must love this."
"Hear that, Dan?" Karl asked. "Chris thinks she loves this."
"Ohhmmmhhh!" Jenn cried around Chris's cock.
"She's sucking... and moaning... on my cock," Chris grunted.
"Yeah," Dan said. "Is she a good cock sucker?"
"Fuck," Chris moaned. "She's amazing. She's a fantastic cock sucker."
"Oh yeah," Dan cried. "Suck his cock, honey. Show him what a good slut you are."
"Hrggh, gglkk" Jenn grunted, pushing her head down on the cock in her mouth, trying to swallow it all.
"Can you hear her?" Karl asked.
"Oh yeah," Dan moaned. "Oh fuck, yeah."
"Are you whacking it, Dan?" Karl grinned, thrusting into Jenn's pussy.
"Yes," Dan panted. "Yes, I'm whacking my dick while you fuck my girl. While you both... oh shit... fuck my girl."
"Mmmmmhhhh!" Jenn squealed, the sound of Dan's voice and the feeling of the two cocks pushing her toward the edge.
"She loves that, Dan," Karl laughed.
"Shit yes!" Chris grunted. "Fuck!"
"Ooooohhhmmmggghhh!" Jenn cried out, her mouth and pussy stuffed with swelling cocks, her body wracked by wild spasms of pleasure.
"Oh shit," Dan groaned, so far away. "Oh honey..."
"Fuck yeah!" Karl yelled. "She's cumming. She's cumming on our cocks, Dan!"
"Yes!" Dan's moan through the phone.
"I'm going to pop," Chris grunted, his thick cock swelling even more, filling Jenn's mouth completely.
"Her face!" Dan grunted. "Cum on her face."
"Fuck!" Chris groaned, pulling his already throbbing meat out of Jenn's mouth. Cum drooled from between her lips as more sprayed down on her gasping mouth, her cheeks, her hair.
"Cum on her slutty face!" Dan shouted through the phone.
"Oh yeah!" Karl moaned. "I'm going cum... I'm going to cum... in... her."
"Yeah!" Dan grunted.
"I'm cumming..." Karl's cock surged inside her, his cum spraying deep into her stretched pussy. "I'm cumming in your girl."
"Oh yes!" Jenn gasped, finally able to speak clearly. "Cum... cum for me."
"I'm cumming," Dan cried through the phone.
"Oh God!" Jenn moaned, a final uncontrolled spasm shuddering through her before she collapsed bonelessly on the bed.
For a time, the only sound was panting.
Slowly, Jenn looked up at the strange, naked men standing over her. Karl looked pleased, idly scratching his powerful chest, his long cock, now drooping slightly, glistening with their mixed fluids. Chris was red faced but smiling, one hand holding his thick cock, which didn't seem to have lost its hardness yet.
She wondered what they saw, looking down.
Her naked body felt warm, tingling with light aftershocks of pleasure. A flush had spread over her slowly heaving breasts. The air felt cool on her hard nipples. Warm, sticky cum dripped down her face and oozed from her wet pussy.
With a purr, she stretched languidly and smiled.
"I can't believe I just did that," she said softly.
"Told you it might be fun," Karl grinned down at her.
Chris, red faced, just kept smiling.
"Slut," Dan teased over the phone.
"Perv," Jenn replied.
"Hey guys," Dan added. "Get a picture of her."