I'd like to thank you all for the reception this story has been given. I've been asked about the story straying into non consent, and I'm afraid this chapter has some of it too. But I'm going to keep it in this category because its main theme fits here. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 05
Misty would never have suspected that Samuel was capable of being sneaky, but he had been and he'd obviously meant to keep it from her. So she decided that she would live by the same standard until she got things sorted out. She couldn't think of any way to explain what had happened with the deputy, or why she had been flashing her tits in the first place. She could blame it all on Samuel and even tell herself that she was justified, but she couldn't deny how horny everything, including the episode with the deputy had left her.
She hadn't realized how many sizes and kinds of cooler pads there were, and didn't want to call Samuel right then, so she gave up on getting them. And by the time she made it back to her car, she was a little nervous about keeping her hair appointment. She'd felt like every person she passed in the immense store had smelled the sex on her. Like she was a bitch in heat strolling through a kennel, every sway of her hips an invitation.
Misty knew the feeling, just as she knew she was loosing it again. She'd felt the same way after her Uncle Pete had taken her virginity one day by their pool. It was at the start of her senior year in high school. She'd just turned eighteen and had trusted him, had thought of him as a replacement for the father she had never known.
It hadn't mattered that he wasn't a real relative, just an old family friend, she'd grown up calling him uncle, and to her he'd been special. He'd treated her like a princess, catering to her childish games when she was little, and giving her unending attention and patience whenever he was around. He'd been there for her as her mother spent less and less time at home, a career as a sales exec dominating her own life.
She'd been lying on her stomach sunbathing when he'd walked out of the house, and she hadn't bother to reach back and retie her top. She'd actually been happy to have him catch her in such a compromising position, and excited to hear about his vacation at a resort in Mexico. And he had described it well, from the sights to see in Cancun to his view hanging from a parasailing rig high over the ocean.
She'd happily agreed to his offer to spread lotion on her back, something he'd never done before. Her questions only pausing for a minute as he'd straddled her legs and begun rubbing it into her shoulders, images of the tropical paradise and the scent of the coconut oil transporting her.
His voice had turned naughty when he confessed that the beaches had been topless, and a guilty thrill had run through her when he said she would have loved it, that she would have been the most beautiful woman there. Her nipples had stiffened at the idea of it, of walking along the beach with him, the tropical sun hot on her bare breasts.
He'd been rubbing the lotion into her back, when she'd felt something soft bumping against her rear as he rocked. Puzzled, she'd reached back to see what it was, her heart almost stopping when her hand closed on his cock. Twisting around, she'd seen his fly open, the veiny pink shaft jutting from his shorts, its head swollen and angry-looking.
Then his weight had been on her, his chest on her back pinning her down. And he'd started kissing her neck, all the while telling her how much he had missed her, that he loved her and had wanted to please her for so long. His fingers tangling in her hair as his mouth moved up her cheek, his horse voice pleading that she understand his love, promising to make it good for her.
She'd felt him reach between them, his knees forcing her legs apart. And she'd tried to tell him to stop, that it didn't have to be like that. She needed to tell him she loved him and was willingly. But she hadn't found the words, and he had taken her. It had hurt so much, his cock stretching her, ripping away her virginity. And he had been relentless in his need, burying his full length in her trembling body before stopping.
She had screamed, the pain and betrayal too much. But her mother wasn't home, nobody had heard it and then his hand had covered her mouth. He had simply lain there for a time, his cock filling her with pain. One hand stroking her hair, telling her it would be all right, that he loved her and needed her. That she was beautiful and thanking her for giving him such a precious gift.
Scared, confused and hurting, she'd lain there quietly weeping, trying to understand what she'd done to make him treat her like that. Unable to believe he was the same man that had made her feel so safe, or that her fantasies about him had been so wrong. He had started moving then, his hips rocking just a little at first, his cock moving slowly inside her. Then more, the stokes getting longer, dragging and burning where her virginity had been, only to go on and on.
It had become her whole world for a time, her mind retreating from the confusion to focusing on the strange intruder inside her. His murmured words receding to a dull buzzing in her ear as the pain had faded. The discomfort easing as she became wet, the pleasure growing in spite of everything. A tiny pinprick that reached out and started pulling at her breath, at the fibers of her being. She had fought against it, tried to deny it. But like him, it had taken her anyway.
He'd left her there, and worse, he'd stopped coming around. She hadn't been able to talk to anyone about it, because he'd been her only confidant, and he wouldn't answer her calls. So she'd gone a little crazy for a time, running around fucking anyone who paid her the slightest bit of attention, earning a reputation as the best cocksucker in her class. A skill she'd been proud to demonstrate on any Tom, Dick and Harry with a zipper.
Her mother had eventually stepped in, hearing about her exploits, she'd moved Misty to a private school. A veritable prison with rules and chaperons twenty-four seven. Where they had beaten the wildness out of her, had forced sanity back into her.
Now she wasn't so sure, as those old wanton feelings reawakened in her, she was thinking maybe they had robbed her of her true nature. Maybe her Uncle Pete had actually been the victim back then, caught in a web of desire too strong to resist by a silly girl who flirted too much. She could understand that, not being able to resist, not wanting to. Everything else aside, she had to admit she felt alive again.
***
I watched Sarah's eyes as I blew my load, looking directly at her as the cum erupted from my cock. But she was too focused to notice, and disappeared from the ladder almost before I was finished. I lay there spent, listening for the door, half hoping, half afraid she would come into the room. Knowing that if she did I would fuck her. That I would impale that sweet body of hers.
What I heard though, was her door. And I sighed as the tension drained from me. Glad I didn't have to face my own lust, but more than a little disappointed.
Pulling the towel from beneath me, I used it to clean up the mess I'd made, careful not to get any on the bed cover. That would be all I needed, to have Misty find a big cum stain on the spread. Satisfied, I pulled on some cutoffs and a t-shirt. Then stepped into my old flip-flops, and headed back outside.
Passing Sarah's door, I paused, then tapped on it. "I'll be outside," I called through it, "I need to put the ladder away." It felt awkward standing there, like we had crossed a line that was hard to uncross, and I supposed we had. She called back something about a shower, so I went on outside. There were tools to be put up, and some fresh air to clear my head.
There hadn't been many people out and about earlier, and it was the same now. The only person in sight was Kimberly and her dog Bones down the block. She waved at me and I waved back.
Kimberly was our girl next door, living only three houses down, and while not really a shy girl, she was very quiet and reserved. She appeared taller than her five seven or so because she was so lanky, I doubted she weighed a hundred pounds. She had turned nineteen recently, but she was one of those girls who would look like a teen when she was thirty. Especially when you saw her out walking Bones, though I use the term walking loosely. It was more like she was trying to slow the young Great Dane down as he romped through the neighborhood, dragging her along in his wake. Luckily, for all his size, he seemed to be a friendly cuss. He was the only reason I even knew who Kimberly was, having dragged her right to me the first time we met so he could say a sloppy hand-licking hello.
Kimberly didn't make any effort to look her age either, keeping her long red hair bound up in perpetual pigtails. She had huge green eyes and was freckled like a field of clover, but if you could get her to smile, the eyes sparkled like emeralds. Unfortunately, those moments were few and all too brief, as she seemed almost afraid to shine. I suspected there was a brilliant wit trapped inside of her.
She lived with her grandparents for some reason, though I never saw her in anybody's company other than the dog, and to be honest, I thought they were a matched pair. She had that same lean almost stringy muscularity and oversized joints as the dog did. Both looked like they had just gone through a growth spurt and were waiting for their flesh to fill in, and her clothes usually draped loosely from her body just like the adolescent Dane's skin.
As she turned into her driveway, it occurred to me that I should introduce Sarah to her. They were close enough in age. Marking that as something I needed to remember, I surveyed the yard. It would pass Misty's scrutiny I decided, then coiled the hose and grabbed the ladder.
I put the things back in the shed, then stood in the doorway, knowing I was going to go peek through the hole, I'd known it from the second I heard the word shower at her door. But even with the six-foot double lap cedar fence around the yard, I felt compelled to look for any possible witnesses.
She was in the shower when I looked, the clear curtain distorting my view more than I had hoped. Yet I could see her, her hair was full of lather, the white suds sliding down her sleek form. Her small breasts shaking as she scrubbed at her scalp.
My cock quickly got uncomfortable in the shorts, so I fished it out, the cool air reminding me where I was as I started to stroke it, glad I didn't have to worry about Misty catching me this time. I was actually a bit sore, so I took care to stroke it slowly, not really caring if I got off, just enjoying the feel of it as I took in the show.
Sarah was bent over, washing her thighs when another hand closed around the head of my cock and I froze. But the small voice that said, "Let me do it, Mr. Kauffman," wasn't Misty's. Busted a second time in as many tries, I pulled back from the hole and looked at Kimberly. She grinned, and like Misty before her, leaned in to look through the hole, but unlike Misty she just smiled before turning back to look at me, never releasing her hold on my cock.
"You should introduce us," she told me, "who knows, you could be watching both of us in there." she added, her big eyes full of mischief. I tried to say something, but though I opened my mouth more than once, nothing would come out.
"Go ahead and watch her," Kimberly told me,"I watched her masturbate a little while ago, up on a ladder spying on you, it only seems fair to me." and she nodded for me to return to the hole. She had watched Sarah? More than a little stunned and confused, not to mention terrified, I did as I was told, and found Sarah busy washing her ass.
Kimberly brushed my hand off my cock and started giving it long soft strokes, her touch sending shivers like whispers down my spine.
"After she ran in the house," The soft voice breathed by my ear, "I climbed the ladder to see what she'd been looking at, and there you were Mr. Kauffman, with this big cock of yours all covered in cum. If I hadn't had Bones with me, I would have rapped on the window. But I had to take him home first. Then I saw you come back here, and I just couldn't resist coming back to see you."
To be honest, as beautiful as Sarah was, I was having a hard time paying attention to her as Kimberly distracted me with both her hand and her voice. "I've always liked you Mr. Kauffman," she breathed, "even before I knew you had such a big cock, imagine my joy when I saw you standing here stroking it." small puffs of her breath tickling my ear, their feather touch dragging a groan from the depths of my soul. I gave up on watching Sarah then, and watched as Kimberly sank to her knees and took me into her mouth.
Her blowjob wasn't polished, but she was enthusiastic, her lips wrapped around my head, while her hand continued to stroke the shaft. And I knew it wasn't going to take much to finish me off, just the sight of her puckered little mouth on my cock, about all I could take.
"I'm going to cum, Kimberly" I warned her when I felt it start building, and tried to back off from her. But she moaned and gripped me tighter, her freckled cheeks dimpling under the pressure of her suction. So I let myself go, watching her eyes widen as my cum filled her mouth, then close as she worked at swallowing. She did a great job of taking it all, lucky I think that I had just shot a load in the bedroom.
I pulled from her mouth when things got too sensitive, and lifted her up, pinning her to the wall with my body as I kissed her. My tongue seeming to surprise her as I pushed it passed her lips. My hand covering her right nipple, but not finding any noticeable breast to go with it. And she pushed weakly at my chest, even as she kissed me back.
Letting up on the kiss after a moment, I looked into her half-glazed eyes. "I want you," I told her low and urgent, "I need to see you, I need to have you."
Her eyes opened wide at that, alarm showing in them. "I'm a virgin, Mr. Kauffman," she half-gasped, her head shaking a little. "I don't want my first time to be in some back yard, or some spur of the moment thing. I want it to be a memory, something I'll never regret." She continued, her eyes pleading and her hands pushing a little harder at my chest. "Please." She all but whispered.
I was tempted, everything that had happened in the past two days seemed to push me to take her anyway. But she was so frail, her eyes, the ones that had just moments ago been so full of mischief, were full of fear now. I eased back, gave her my best smile. "Okay." I said, taking a step back and tucking my cock back into my shorts, her body visibly relaxing again, her bright smile coming back.
I glanced at the hole, the heat of the moment having passed, and it occurred to me that she knew about it. But she must have seen it in my face, because she shook her head at me.
"Don't worry about that, I think it's really cool." And she grinned."besides, I want you to introduce me to her, and who knows, you might be watching me in there, or even the two of us." she was all temptress again, her eyes dancing suggestively.
She stepped to the hole and glanced through, then looked back at me. "I better get out of here," she said, "she's not in the bathroom anymore," and she looked around like she expected Sarah to pop out of thin air.
I couldn't have agreed more, but I took her wrist and stopped her for a second. "Remember," I started to say, but she put her fingers to my lips.
"Don't worry Mr. Kauffman, I won't be saying anything to anyone about any of this. You just remember to introduce us, this neighborhood is a lonely place when your my age." And she stretched up on her toes, replacing her fingers with a quick kiss, before turning and running from the yard.
Wondering what I had gotten myself into, and how long it would be before my life imploded, I replaced the knot and went looking for Sarah.
***
Sarah couldn't believe what she'd just done, and the girl, she had been right there watching. She had probably been able to see right up under Sarah's skirt. Been able to see her nakedness and what she'd been doing as she watched Samuel abuse himself.
She'd seen that girl before, with the huge dog, but though she was taller than Sarah, it was hard to tell how old she was. Sarah had thought the girl was younger, but now she wasn't so sure. There had been a calmness in the easy smile on the girl's face. Like she had really enjoyed watching Sarah be wicked, and the idea made her shiver. She couldn't be as young as she looked, young girls just didn't have eyes like that.
Then there was Samuel, she still wanted to find him and beg him to take her, to make her. But the moment had passed, the instant when she could have thrown all caution to the wind had escaped her. It had blown away in the presence of the redheaded girls knowing eyes, and she could still feel them. Even now they made her shiver, made her want to show herself again, to learn what it had been that she had seen in them.
She shook herself, ashamed that she had even considered such a sinful thought, and that it had made her stomach flutter with pleasure. How could someone sit there so openly, so unconcerned and watch another be so depraved. How could she have remained so calm about it? But she had done it too, she had watched Samuel abuse himself, and had found it beautiful.
She wondered if the girl was still out there, would she reveal Sarah's shame to anyone? She felt panic at the thought of the girl telling Samuel, then a guilty hope that she would, that he would come find her, would be so consumed by it that he had to have her. Then she thought of Misty, did the girl know her? Would Misty send her away, shun her? She realized she needed to talk to the girl, as unthinkable as that was. She had to know what she would do.
Slipping quietly into the living room, she peeked out the window to see if the girl was still there. Praying that she would be gone even as she knew she needed to find her. The yard was empty though, so she retreated back to her room, torn between relief that she didn't have to deal with things right that second, and fear that she wouldn't get a chance to before her sins ruined everything.
Suddenly she missed her mother. She wouldn't understand what Sarah had done, but she would have forgiven her, and they would have prayed. She had always been Sarah's closest friend, she had even gone against her father's wishes to get Sarah away, to send her to Samuel. Sarah dropped to her knees beside the bed and prayed, she asked for forgiveness and guidance, and prayed that God would watch over her mother. Then just let her head rest against the mattress and waited for peace.
Of course that's when Samuel had knocked on her door and said something about going outside again. Not ready to face him or anyone else right then, she called back that she was going to take a shower. And as she said it, she realized it was true, she did want one, she wanted to feel clean. Wearily, she got to her feet and went into the bath, she would wash herself, then she would behave herself, like God expected her to.