The excitement of the crowd mounted as the lights dimmed. Here we all were- horny, tipsy and slightly uncomfortable to be so horny and so tipsy in this room. It was dark, it was packed with strangers- both the best and worst things about venturing out to an event such as this.
"Give a warm hand to the delightful Miss Aurora Black!" the emcee encouraged. As we all clapped and cheered the scarlet curtain on the stage parted to reveal the new performer. Unlike the energetic and often bizarre acts that we had seen earlier in the night, Aurora was serene. She was already nearly naked, delicately brushing her hair as she sat at her boudoir. Her long raven hair was lustrous under the spotlight, falling enticingly upon pale skin that was punctuated only by black nipple tassels and matching bikini-cut bottoms.
The gentle piano accompaniment was in a minor key- Aurora rocked languidly to the music, letting the spotlight dance upon the silver thread hidden amongst her black fabric, transfixing our attention upon the gentle sway of her full teardrop breasts and wide sensuous hips. We were all entranced by her study of beautiful loneliness- as she slowly guided her brush through the full length of her gorgeous hair, Aurora's melancholy told us that she ached, that she deeply wished that the bristles of her brush were instead the fingers of a lover. Without taking your eyes off her you leaned across and pressed yourself more fully against me, your breasts firm against my arm. I glanced over to see you breathing deeply- intoxicated by the beauty and grace of Aurora Black. I began discreetly massaging your inner thigh through your skirt. I always enjoyed the sensation of fabric sliding smoothly across your stockings. You welcomed my teasing by squeezing my upper arm.
Aurora began to select pieces of jewellery from her boudoir. All around her was a beautifully displayed collection featuring a variety of styles. She seemed to be genuinely considering her options; I hoped that she chose different items based upon her mood. Tonight she was selecting an assortment of fine silver pieces whose long and thin chains hung deliciously upon her curves. Every time that she chose a new piece of jewellery, Aurora inspected herself in the mirror to make sure it was immaculately adjusted before getting up and dancing sensuously around her furnishings.
As she faced us it was the first time she had come close to acknowledging her audience. I could now fully admire her face, where her deep and dark eyes hinted at secrets that we might just learn if we all moved a little closer. The curves of her hips and breasts were complemented by her lips- full and boldly painted crimson. Each one Aurora's short dances increased the expectation and heat in the room; I could almost hear the collective deep breathing as her swaying washed over us in sensuous waves.
Filled with crazy lust, despite the crowd I used the cover of darkness to move my hand up your skirt to begin rubbing your pussy. You had already beaten me to it- I found that your fingers were already working your clit. "Mmmm," I whispered before gently biting your neck. You moaned inaudibly. Although you were trying to be discreet you could not hide your passion- if anyone chose to watch you they would be in no doubt as to what you were doing. I tried to be more subtle, grinding my forearm across my throbbing erection.
Aurora selected a thin silver chain from which hung an array of further delicate chains and fastened it around her waist. For the first time she moved to the front of the stage. We were sitting very near the stage such that Aurora was nearly standing over us. She brought her hands up, lifting her breasts so that they seemed to loom directly over us, and tenderly played with a silver chain she had threaded through her hair. She was intoxicating. You started to buck and shake ever so slightly. I gripped your thigh tightly, my balls full and sore as my cock begged for proper attention.
Aurora stood above us and looked to the ceiling as she drew her smooth thighs slowly across one another, the lights dancing across the silver jewellery all over her body. The music had slowly become more energetic. In time with the beat she provocatively threw her hips to the side causing her breasts to jiggle and sparkle deliciously. Confident in the effect that she having upon her audience, Aurora looked down to admire the crowd. As her eyes found yours she smiled in surprise, watching the silent shout of your orgasm. You wobbled next to me, biting down on my shoulder as both of you maintained eye contact. Aurora sank down to her knees in front of us and began dancing immediately in of you. Previously the room's fixation on Aurora had help maintain your secrecy but now her attentions ensured that everyone in the audience was watching you cum. "Let it out honey," Aurora entreated. "Let it out!"
"Fuck!" you screamed, breaking off from my shoulder as you bucked ferociously. As you continued to orgasm Aurora moved as close to you as she could- her pelvis dancing sensuously in front of your face as if she was trying to catch all of your screams. Aurora was panting as well; her excitement was clearly not feigned. For confirmation one of her nipples tassels popped off, revealing a dark and erect nipple. I was now masturbating properly, fiercely gripping my hard cock through my pants. Without looking around I could tell that I wasn't alone. A few other ladies in the audience were also now moaning.
"Yes! Yes!" you screamed, still bucking, encouraging Aurora as she squeezed and pulled upon her exposed nipple. I quickly lost control, orgasming as my cock pulsed deliciously into my underwear. Suddenly, the music was frantically cut and the curtains began to close. "Let's give a big thanks to the sultry Aurora Black and her gorgeous assistant," the emcee breathlessly encouraged. From his voice it was clear that he had also just cum. The crowd began to boo- everyone was desperate for more of your double-act. "I'm so sorry Ladies and Gentlemen, but management doesn't have a licence for such interesting entertainment," the emcee explained, placing bitter emphasis on the word interesting.
Slowly the audience's booing was overtaken by rapturous applause for the show that they had just witnessed, and for many, participated in. To the delight of all, just as the curtain was closing completely, Aurora bent down to your flushed face and gave you a long full kiss on the lips. My heart throbbed wildly- I felt like I could pass out. Whilst the crowd hollered, she quickly whispered in your ear before waving and smiling to the room just as the scarlet curtain closed completely in front of her.
I leaned across to kiss you deeply, our tongues working passionately against one other. I broke off to admire you and your effect on the room. Despite the best efforts of management the crowd was still raucous and desperately horny.
A chant of "We want more! We want more!" demanded Aurora return to the stage. You smiled mischievously, with your demure skirt and sexy but simple top, only your flushed cheeks gave any hint that you had been the agent of this pandemonium.
I squeezed your hand as the lady sitting directly you leaned over to ask, "What did she whisper to you?" Although the room was very noisy, the petite woman leaned in closer than seemed absolutely necessary- her small perky breasts pressed into the backs of your shoulders and her short sandy blonde hair brushed against yours.
"She said that was I quite the performer; that she needed me to come backstage," you laughed.
Her eyes flashed in excitement, "Are you going to follow her?"
"I'm not sure." I could see your longing and hesitation as we made eye-contact.
"You should go," I encouraged, my heart pounding. "I'll be mad if you pass up such a sexy story!"
"What about if you come too?"
"I don't think that's what Aurora had in mind. I'll have plenty of fun out here- fantasising about you and watching the lovely ladies on stage."
"He can hang out with us," our new friend offered, peeling herself off you for the first time as she gestured towards her partner sitting behind us. "I'm Claire and this is Sam." Sam was a tall and attractive man of Asian descent. He had a clean cut look- one of the few men here wearing a full suit, though it looked like it had become a little dishevelled in the recent excitement.
He smiled at us and gave a little wave, "You know that Claire and I were fans of your work before it became mainstream," he announced, mischievously brushing your right arm with his long fingers.
We all laughed as you blushed. "I'm Rohan and Aurora's co-star is Laura," I said, completing introductions. Now that Claire was no longer pressed against you I could see that she clearly wasn't wearing a bra- her erect nipples poked invitingly through the thin fabric of her little black dress. The knowledge that Claire had made sure that you had felt them whilst she was pressed against your shoulder sent a warm flutter through my groin. "You shouldn't keep a star waiting," I encouraged. I was riding a rollercoaster of hot wet fantasises and creeping anxieties but I truly wanted this for you. "Time to go see what Aurora has in mind," I smiled.
"I think we can all take a guess," laughed Sam. You took a deep breath, kissed me deeply and squeezed my hand. You relaxed your grip as you rose from your chair, feigning accidental contact as your hand brushed against the obvious erection straining against my pants. You hesitantly made your way across the room, the bouncer smirking before stepping aside without a word to reveal the backstage entrance. Just before passing through the doorway you turned around to blow me a kiss. Cheekily, Claire and Sam interpreted themselves as joint recipients, such that you received three air kisses in return. And like that, you were on your new adventure.
The crowd had now thinned out significantly- for many the need to fuck must have been so strong after the last performance that they had immediately gone to find a bed. Claire and Sam could now move forward to our table. "What do you hope that they're doing?" Claire asked, sitting herself between the two men. Claire's direct questioning made me a little uncomfortable but, like you, I chose to be open with her. Her frankness wasn't rudeness- the accompanying warmth engendered intimacy.
After hesitating, my answer flew out quickly and breathlessly, "Laura's never tasted another woman's pussy before. I hope that they're both eating one another out, again and again, and that Aurora grinds hard into Laura's face when she's cumming so that Laura is almost overwhelmed by pussy. But she loves it and presses herself so thirstily against Aurora that she can barely breathe. And then afterwards when I kiss Laura, she is still covered in Aurora's juices- I can taste and smell Aurora on her when I get to fuck Laura myself."
"Mmmm hot," Claire and Sam agreed. Claire looked like she was about to speak but we were interrupted by the emcee, "Good evening everyone! Welcome to the second set of the evening. Now that all the prudes are safely home sipping cocoa, our lovely ladies can be even racier. Not quite as racy as the last dance that we saw, but I'm sure that we are all going to have a great time. To kick things off let's give a warm welcome to Scarlett de Milo!"
The crowd cheered and Scarlett entered dressed as a gypsy fortune teller. Her set was the gaudy interior of a medieval Traveller's tent, complete with a crystal ball mounted in its centre. To an up-tempo Slavic folk tune she made fiery circuits around the crystal ball- progressively whipping off the collection of silk scarves woven around her thick and dark curly hair. With her long hair swirling wild, Scarlett began working on the bright and ornately-patterned larger wraps that bound her body. As each piece of fabric was removed Scarlett twirled them around in her wake, the light fabric mirroring the delightful chaos of her hair by dancing in the turbulence generated by Scarlett's energetic movements. Her strong and supple body was captivating.
My cock throbbed in appreciation when Scarlett deftly unwound the bright blue scarf covering and supporting her breasts. They pointed outwards, sagging just enough to give them a very pleasing profile. I couldn't help imagining myself cupping them in my hands as I stood behind Scarlett, wrapping her in my embrace. Unlike earlier in the night, she didn't wear nipple tassles, letting us admire her small and pale areolae as she bounced across the stage.
After an intense and sexy strip Scarlett was down to merely her bangles and a sparkling red g-string. Our fortune teller stood behind her crystal ball, paused and smiled at us all. "Do you want to see the future?" she asked. To great shouts of encouragement she energetically threw off her underwear. The curves of the crystal ball distorted the image of Scarlett's pussy but we could all her thick and well-kempt bush. The main lights were cut, leaving a light under the crystal ball as the only form of illumination- Scarlett's disembodied pussy was all that we could see as the curtains closed.
The audience was delighted with this climax, cheering loudly. "That was great," Claire commented, pushing herself up after having spent the dance leaning tenderly into Sam. "I love a proud pussy owner." She paused, taking a moment to look deeply into my eyes, "I've been thinking about my backstage fantasy for Laura. Do you want to hear it?"
"I'd love to," I replied quickly, feeling a flutter of excitement that was accentuated by observing that Sam had left his hand far too high on Claire's inner thigh for normal company. Her eyes sparkled, happy that I was so eager to hear her dirty story. As she watched me closely Claire must have noticed that I couldn't help stealing glances at Sam's fingers teasing their way across her thighs. Claire did not reproach either of us; clearly she was enjoying the combined attention.
She turned to face forwards, encouraging both Sam and I to revel in her fantasy. "I bet that all those ladies have all sorts of tricks and toys back there." Claire was breathing deeply, her eyes nearly closed as she seemed to be vividly picturing her backstage scene. She had pointedly chosen to sit so that I still had an unobstructed view of Sam's hand wandering closer and closer to her pussy.
"I hope that Aurora has Laura in a sex-swing. And she's fucking her with a big black strap-on. Absolutely pounding into her. And she has Laura rigged up so that she just keeps on hitting her g-spot. Relentlessly. Making her cum until Laura can't take it anymore. Finally Aurora lets her down- holds her, strokes her tenderly until Laura eventually stops gasping. And then as a parting memento Aurora gives Laura a piece from her jewellery collection." We all sighed in appreciation imagining this scene. My breath was heavy and my cock rock hard.
"Damn Claire." Sam leaned over to gently bite Claire on the neck. "I love it when you show me your dirty mind." He could no longer resist, despite the darkness I could clearly see that his hand was now exploring up under her short dress. I knew that I shouldn't gawk but I couldn't resist. They remained subtle- Claire opened her legs slightly and fiercely gripped the jacket of Sam's suit as her whole body become tense. It was easy to imagine why Sam's jacket had been out of place when we had first met him. As I watched them lost in one another I was worried that my cock would explode at the slightest touch.
Luckily, the beginning of the next act helped end my staring. "Ladies and gentlemen, let's give a big hand for our next dancer, Lacy Wednesday!" the emcee encouraged. Lacy Wednesday strode proudly onto the stage, raising her arms to demand further applause from the audience. She was an Asian goth, sporting bright purple hair and numerous ear piercings. Her Pirate Queen costume was complemented by Lacy's numerous tattoos- her right arm was adorned with a colourful full sleeve. The stage was now furnished to look like the deck of a tall ship.
As cheesy metal music began to play Lacy climbed up high into her ship's rigging. She entwined her legs in the rope, using them as an anchor as she released her arms before flipping herself upside down. Whilst she dangled herself over us Lacy danced daringly- her commanding and powerful movements suggesting that she was in the midst of an unseen battle. Her acrobatics drew many gasps and cheers from the crowd. As the music reached a guitar filled crescendo, Lacy flung off her bodice. Unlike most dancers there was no progressive uncovering- she was not wearing a bra or even tassels. As she writhed above us we all admired the large black dragon tattoo spanning her taut belly and the underside of one of her small breasts. I was slightly surprised that her dark nipples weren't pierced- her broad and squat nipples looked like they would fit deliciously between a lover's lips.
As the music moved into a new phase Lacy slid down the rigging, briefly acknowledged the audience's massive applause, and mounted the cannon on the deck of her ship. She sat astride it, facing down the barrel, grinding into passionately- willing it to fire. Without warning she whipped off her pants, again she had declined underwear, leaving Lacy wearing only her boots. These were ridiculous- an extremely sexy combination of stiletto heels and black leather that laced-up to her knees.
The cannon was now slowly rotating, letting the audience admire Lacy from all angles whilst she working her cannon. Her acrobatics had moulded an impossibly round and perky butt which she was flexing rhythmically for us as the cannon faced the back of the stage. When the cannon come to face forwards I could admire Lacy's bald pussy as it slid up and down the barrel. I couldn't be sure but I thought that I saw the twinkle of a clit bar amongst the dusky folds of her labia. The spasm of my cock was unconscious. She was spectacular- I wasn't the only one to think so- many of the men in the room were now wolf-whistling and shouting encouragement.
As the music increased in intensity Lacy began to press herself more violently against the cannon, throwing her purple hair back in passion. And then suddenly, the cannon fired directly at the audience- bathing us in thick smoke! The music continued to climb to its crescendo for a few bars before the recording started to skip and awkwardly fizzled out. I sat confused- disappointed that technical mishaps had marred a great show.
"Well that was different," coughed Sam.
The smoke quickly cleared to reveal a frustrated Lacy working on her cannon. It now rested in profile, letting us clearly see that the cannon's tip had dropped to face downwards. As Lacy stood next to it she tried to raise it once more- pulling it, rubbing on it- all the while pressing herself sexily against it. It was clear that these efforts were in pantomime- we all laughed as she pretended to be indignant, gesturing to her unsatisfied pussy, before theatrically kicking her spent cannon off stage with her almighty sexy boots. Lacy stormed off stage in the other direction, farewelled to great cheers from all and amused cries of sympathy from the female members of the audience.
"I didn't see that coming," I admitted, laughing.
"Me too!" agreed Sam.
Claire laughed, "Sam I'm very glad that was so unexpected for you. I'm sure that Laura would feel the same way Rohan. But I think that all the ladies in the room were wise to that shitty cannon's antics."
"I guess I'm too innocent," Sam smiled, holding his hands up in mock surrender.
"Those fingers say otherwise," I commented, causing both Sam and Claire to giggle and blush. I strained my eyes, trying to see her juices on his fingers. Unfortunately, it was too dark to make anything out. Judging by Claire's jovial mood, it looked like she had fared better than Lacy. Summoning images from the dance in my mind I wondered at what point she had cum. I liked the idea that I was too entranced by something to notice a woman cumming right next to me- as if it might be happening all the time if I only paid more attention to my surroundings.
"So Sam, it's your turn. What's Laura up to right now?" I asked.
Sam hesitated, "I liked your both of your fantasies so much. I can't shake them," he replied nervously.
"Come on. I know that you can do better than that!" Claire interjected. "The things that you've told me when we're alone!"
"Okay, how about this? Aurora is inducting Laura into her secret burlesque society." We all laughed at the absurdity of Sam's suggestion. But he continued on, starting off hesitantly but building in momentum when he could see that Claire and I were revelling in his story.
"She has Laura tied down to a bed in a small room just off the stage. Laura is naked and spread-eagled. As each dancer comes off stage they enter the room and try to make Laura cum as many times as possible. They can do whatever they want to her- all sorts of dirty things- Laura is tied down too tightly to resist. But they're trying to make her cum her much as possible so they only pursue things that they can see that Laura is getting-off on. And as the next performer finishes her dance, it's her turn in the room to make Laura cum. Because Aurora selected Laura for induction, she gets to have the first turn playing with her and she is the only one who stays on in the room when the others get to have their turn. She stands above Laura, demanding that Laura be a complete slut, to surrender to these things that she knows that she wants but has been too scared to ask for or new things she didn't know to ask for until the dancers set to work on her."
Claire moaned in appreciation. Sam smiled, pausing to enjoy her excitement, before continuing, "And dancer after dancer has their way with Laura whilst Aurora encourages and protects her, keeping score with a chalkboard. And at the end of the ceremony, Laura is apprenticed to the dancer with the highest tally- they obviously have an affinity. This dancer trains Laura, getting their new slut ready for the other tests and ceremonies of the secret society."
"Fuck, that's hot," I groaned. Sam and Claire smirked, eying my obvious erection. It was a struggle to not simply grab my cock and start pumping it in front of them.
"I love it," agreed Claire, her cheeks flushed. "The only thing that I don't like is that the ladies have to go one at a time- it seems like such a waste."
"Don't worry, the other ceremonies make up for that," chuckled Sam.
"Good! Sometimes a lady wants a little extra help." Claire reached across and took one of our hands in each of hers. I felt drunk with lust, shivering slightly upon contact with her cool and smooth skin. She now lifted these hands and brought them under her little black dress. An impossible amount of blood was flooding through my cock- my erection almost hurt.
"Hang on a moment," Sam warned. I couldn't read his face- he seemed calm but I thought that he must have been unhappy with my involvement. I recoiled away, my hand slipping out of Claire's. "This might help a little," he suggested, removing his suit jacket and laying it across the laps of the three of us.
"Good thinking," Claire agreed, kissing him surprisingly innocently. Once again she grabbed my hand and slipped it beneath both the jacket and her dress. Sam's hand was already in position rubbing Claire's clit. I brushed past his hand to explore the rest of her pussy. I was delighted to discover that Claire wasn't wearing any underwear.
"Did you arrive here like this?" I whispered, my hand exploring the swollen folds of her hairless labia, already slick with her excitement.
"Not quite this wet. Just this exposed," she quietly moaned. I grunted in appreciation. I couldn't resist any longer, my fingers moved across to her soaked vagina. I effortlessly slipped two fingers deep into her warmth, curling my fingers forward as I quickly pressed them in and out of Claire.
"Oh fuck yes," she groaned. Sam whispered softly into her ear as we both watched her slowly writhe against us. I slipped my idle hand beneath the jacket and began taking care of myself as subtly as I could. I was so sensitive that I could hardly move if I wanted to cum at the same time as Claire. From the very slight twitch of Sam's arm I could see that he was aiming for the same timing.
Very quickly Claire was bucking against our hands, her legs spread so profanely that they were grinding against both of us. I could feel Sam's hand vigorously rubbing Claire's clit. I slipped a third finger into her, acknowledged by Claire grasping her pert breasts before looking up at the ceiling and letting her eyes roll back in her head. Her long and vulnerable neck looked so inviting whilst she sat like this. Sam clearly agreed, leaning over to kiss the side of Claire's neck. I was worried that I might be breaching an unspoken barrier, but I was so inflamed with desire that I leant into do the same, nibbling on the other side of her neck. Claire gasped- she was now sitting in a room of fully clothed strangers; squeezing her breasts, pressed firmly between two men whom she could feel were masturbating against her, encouraging them to overwhelm her with their powerful fingers and neck torments.
She quickly started to cum ferociously. I had struggled to wait for this moment- as soon as Claire started to go I was there as well- draining my balls of their intense yearning. I closed my eyes and groaned, relishing pulse after pulse course through my cock, relaxing my entire body as deep waves of pleasure washed all through me. With my attention returning to the room as my orgasm ebbed away, I could feel Claire's pussy tightly gripping my fingers in waves- she was still deep in orgasm as threw herself repeatedly against the back of her chair. Her moans were stifled by a deep kiss from Sam. With my energy returning I resumed pumping my fingers violently in and out of Claire, timing my thrusts to correspond with her vagina's pulses. Her orgasm lasted at least a minute- my arm was burning from the effort of driving hard into her. I watched her gasping- her breathing so deep that the rise and fall of her small breasts was entrancing. My whole hand was soaked with her warm juices.
As Claire's orgasm began to subside Sam broke off his kiss, I could still feel his fingers working against her clit. When Claire's pussy finally relaxed I briefly reached as deeply into her as I could before slowly sliding my fingers out of her. I brought my hand up, admiring Claire's glistening juices. "I think that we have lost ourselves a little there," I offered, wiping my hand against a napkin that I planned to souvenir. I didn't dare look around the room.
"People came here for a show," Claire gasped, yet to fully recover from her titantic orgasm.
Before we could talk any further, the emcee announced, "And now for the moment that you have all waiting for- the return of the delicious Aurora Black and her new assistant, the crowd favourite, Nova Black!" The crowd gave its loudest welcome yet. I was shocked and incredibly turned-on to see you stride out onto the stage with Aurora. Sam, Claire and I went wild- giving you a huge standing ovation. You shot us a little wink, you were masking the nerves that you must have been feeling well as you confidently moved onto the stage.
"Looks like there was some truth to your initiation theory Sam," Claire commented excitedly.
"They both look amazing," Sam remarked. I enjoyed seeing the hunger in his eyes as his gaze worked its way across your body. The set was now strewn with sandstone and hieroglyphs, evoking ancient Egypt. Aurora was dressed as Cleopatra- her bearing matching the precise and fierce style of her make-up. She wore a snake headdress and long glimmering semi-sheer robes through which we could only discern hints of her gorgeous curves. You seemed to be dressed as one of her subjects, wearing an obscenely short brown slip that barely covered anything on you. Different shades of mineral make-up were smeared upon your skin, making you sparkle under the lights.
I was hungry to see all of you up there, to see you excite everyone in the room. As some vaguely Middle Eastern horns and drums started playing Aurora began to dance, her powerful movements causing her robes to flutter and glimmer in the light. You danced sensuously in her wake- as you rolled your hips your short dress would slide ever so slightly upwards, taunting us as it never seemed to rise up quite far enough. Aurora began to focus upon the space in centre of the stage, performing intense laps around this small space. She turned to face you, her domineering presence demanding that you cease your languid dance. Aurora instead marched you to a pile of large stones on the side of the stage that were housed in a small open-topped cage. You quickly lost interest in these, facing the audience to resume your dance. The audience cheered your cheeky display of disobedience, admiring your body as you swayed in gorgeous waves that ran down your entire length. Aurora registered her displeasure in pantomime, picking up a previously hidden leather whip.
"This could get interesting," Sam whispered. My heart was pounding in excitement. Aurora gestured from the pile of stones to the centre of stage before cracking her black whip down next to you. You jumped in fright but began to follow Aurora's commands- ferrying the fake stones to the centre of stage where you began to stack them in a tower. Whilst you worked Aurora's manner became much more relaxed- now it her who was dancing sensuously for us all as she made slow laps around your construction, sporadically cracking her whip at no one in particular.
The reason for the cage surrounding the stone quickly became clear- as you removed more and more stones you had to reach further into the cage to gather the next one. Your slip couldn't handle this bending, the crowd cheered when one of your breasts fell out of your dress. You feigned surprise but carried the stone over to your growing monument with your breast still exposed. You didn't wear any nipple tassels, letting everyone see you properly- your tit sparkling invitingly with make-up. I was one of many whom couldn't resist wolf-whistling as you made your journey.
"Fuck, I want her," Claire whispered as she slid her hand beneath the suit jacket to reach for my cock. "You must be loving this," she added, opening my fly to find my cock obscenely hard. She began to slowly pump it, her small hand gripping me tightly. I glanced over to admire her, groaning as I noticed that she was also working Sam- pumping both of our cocks in time with one another. I sat a little deeper in my chair, letting myself relax and enjoy your show whilst Claire played with me.
With the monument beginning to rise Aurora began to remove pieces of her robes and hang them on the structure. The narrow tower that you were constructing was distinctly phallic. With Aurora nearly nude we could once again admire the gorgeous curve of her breasts and hips. I felt blissful with Claire working my cock. You continued to ferry stones, placing your breasts back into your dress every time that you dropped off a load, only to have them fall out again every other time. Having moved nearly all the stones I was disappointed to see that you were now planning to lift them out of the cage with your back to the audience. I changed my mind as you reached deep into the cage- your dress now slid up to reveal your butt. You deliberately stood with your legs apart, showing us that you weren't wearing any underwear, inviting us to gaze at your pussy. Looking at your full and slightly parted lips I could tell that the glimmer that I saw upon them wasn't make-up.
Claire increased her tempo as the crowd cheered wildly for you. Under the cover of the noise I gasped "Fuck!" loudly as I came. I had planned to last for longer but I couldn't control myself when the whole room was admiring your wet cunt. Claire looked over at me, amused by my sudden and violent loss of control. My cock still pulsed as she continued to grip me. I watched her other arm, the tendons raised as she began furiously pumping Sam's cock- he didn't last long under her onslaught of sensation, quickly cumming as he watched you receive some playful smacks from Aurora that left your right bum cheek glowing red. Aurora was now cracking her whip more frequently; her dancing was once again becoming more commanding as she forced you to work faster. Both yours and Aurora's breasts now jiggled deliciously whilst both of you hastened around the stage.
After letting Sam come down, Claire moaned "I want your help again gentlemen. I need to cum whilst Laura is on stage as well." Now I understood why she had been so eager to finish off Sam. Claire hitched her dress up over hips, spread and lifted her legs so that one rested in the laps of both Sam and me. The suit jacket was spread over her lap but it was doing little to mask our debauchery. Once more she grabbed our hands and guided them to her pussy. Sam moved his hand to its familiar territory of Claire's clit but she stopped him. "No," she commanded. "You are both going to finger me- single thrusts from alternating hands, one set of fingers in and then pulled all the way out and then the next person does the same. Drive into me hard!" I gulped, exciting by Claire's plan. I used my spare hand to firmly grasp her leg- I wasn't going to let her close her leg even if she tried.
Sam drove in first, his fingers slamming into Claire. Just as quickly he was out again and it was my turn to hammer Claire's pussy. We continued like this, our hands furiously sliding past another. Quickly we had smeared Claire's juices all over the hand of one another. Claire was obviously loving her rough gang fingering- she was quickly gasping and making an involuntary little squeak every time Sam or I pounded into her.
But she didn't take her eyes off you- you were now reaching for the final stone. It seemed to be just out of your grasp such that you were fully folded over on the cage as you tried to pick it up. A frustrated Aurora was standing next to you, lifting up your dress to fully expose your butt. She was now fully naked. She smacked you repeatedly, urging you to reach just a little further, the effort of her swings meaning that the jiggle of your butt was mirrored in hers. I groaned watching Aurora's nipples firm as she dealt with you.
When you strained and finally picked it up the crowd cheered. Your slip now sat comically around your waist, doing nothing to cover your breasts or pussy as you brought the stone over to finish the obelisk. Completing your stone cock monument, Aurora suddenly whipped off your dress, leaving you fully naked. Claire moaned in appreciation, I began to drive three fingers into her. Although my hand kept on brushing against Sam's I wasn't sure how many he was using. The music reached a crescendo and Aurora quickly and expertly tied you face-first to the obelisk. Your arms were secured to the stone well above your head and your legs were spread, tied to the base of the monument. Aurora now paused and invited us to look more closely at her whip. She didn't seem to be planning to flog you, instead she showed us the handle- thick, long, black and smooth with a rounded tip.
"Oh fuck," groaned Claire. I couldn't look away from you. The monument must have been on a rotating platform- Aurora now swung it around so that the audience could no longer see you. She continued to tease us by showing us the handle of the whip, testing the weight of it in her hand as she seemed to be genuinely contemplating going through with her plan.
We could all see her erect nipples, her breasts rising and falling. Her dance hadn't been that strenuous- Aurora was as excited as we were. Finally she made her decision, standing so we could see her arm pumping but not where her hand or whip were going. Your screams of delight rang out- I could tell that they were not faked- you sounded almost in shock to be accommodating this huge dildo. You kept moaning and yelling, taking it as we watched Aurora fill you.
Claire wanted more, grabbing both Sam's and my hand and forcing both of us into her at the same time. We could barely fit, my fingers pressed up hard against Sam's as we filled Claire's cunt. The crowd were going crazy, I could hear lots of people getting off as they watched Aurora fucking you. Very quickly Claire was cumming, screaming "Take it Laura! Take it!" as she bucked and writhed. There was no need to mask her orgasm, I could see lots of people in the audience cumming as well. Almost immediately you were there too, your screams filling the room.
I was watching Aurora's arm- my cock rock hard as I registered how violently she was pounding that big dildo into you. I wished that I could see your face whilst you came. When the screams of your orgasm finally faded the curtain closed. Despite feeling slightly breathless everyone cheered and screamed in appreciation. A lot of the crowd were still going for it.
Watching Claire slowly relax as her orgasm finally retreated, I commented "Looks like there was some truth to your story as well Claire." She just smiled, spent.
"Now we need to find out if there was any truth to your story as well," Sam suggested, looking at me. We got up, tried our best to fix our cum covered clothes and made our way to the backstage entrance.
"Aurora and Nova told me to expect you three," the bouncer chuckled. "Have fun back there," he said, stepping aside to let us pass.