Jessica and Debbie sat on the floor in the living room waiting for Doug to come out. Since the two of them had pledged themselves to Doug and moved in with him he had taught them much. He was fair and made their submission sexy and thrilling. He had told them last night that the two of them would compete in a game today. He hadn't said anything else about it except that one of them would get to cum today after he sent them both to bed denied last night.
This morning at breakfast he wouldn't tell them any more except that after eating they were to change into a sexy bra and panties and wait in the living room for him. The living room is where they did most of their playing, so it made sense. That had been an hour ago and they were both getting more excited waiting. Doug walked out and asked them both to kneel. They both quickly got to their knees not wanting to disappoint him.
He said, "The two of you are going to compete in a game today as I told you last night. This game's result will determine the dynamic beyond just today, so I know you both will try your best to win. If I enjoy how the game goes it may become a regular competition. The two of are going to try and make the other orgasm. Since I know you both look forward to your orgasms and don't get to as often as you would like I am making this a double-edged sword so to speak. Whomever orgasms first losses. The winner will get to control the orgasms of the loser for several weeks, and there will be rewards for the longer you last. The winner will get to decide which of you gets a chance to orgasm each day for eight weeks, but this will be reduced by a week for each round you complete with a minimum of one week. Each time you end up on the edge and don't cum you will get an edge point. If you get ten edge points I will make love to you after the game is over until you orgasm and whichever of you get the most edge points at the end of the game I will pump you full of my cum. "
Both girls felt their breasts tingling as Doug explained the game. Debbie had to fight the desire to wiggle since she knew Doug didn't like it. Doug said, "The game will be in rounds and each round you survive gets you an edge point. If you get close to orgasm and fight it off, I will reward you with an edge point. There will be a thirty second between rounds. The rounds will be like this. First round you will take turns rubbing the other through your panties but can't touch the clit for two minutes. We will flip a coin to see who goes first. The second round you will 69 each other using only your mouths for five minutes. The third round you rub the clit, but no penetration or pussy contact for a minute each in the same order as round one. The fourth round will be a trib fight for two minutes. The fifth round will be alternating again with anything goes for two minutes. The sixth round you will each put in your lush and both will be linked to my phone for control for five minutes. If we still don't have a winner, then you will finger each for five minutes at the same time. Then we will go back to the lush until we have a loser. Any questions?"
Both girls shook their head. "Good then bras off please. Jessica you will call the coin flip."
He tossed the coin up and Jessica said, "Heads." Doug caught it and flipped it onto the back of his hand, "It is tails. Debbie do you want to go first or have Jessica go first?"
Debbie was about to answer she wanted to go first afraid of the back to back with the first and second round. Then she realized that the person who went first would go first in the third round too and that would be more dangerous so she said, "Jessica will go first."
Both girls stripped off their bras. Jessica lay back and Debbie positioned herself between Jessica's legs. Doug said, "Start now."
Debbie started rubbing Jessica's pussy through the lacy black panties she had on. She started rubbing gently so she was barely rubbing the panties against Jessica. After about a dozen passes, she pushed down a bit more and felt Jessica's lips parting around her panties. She increased the speed slowly and soon saw a wet spot forming on Jessica's panties. Debbie kept rubbing and soon Jessica was starting to pant a bit. Then Doug called time.
Jessica smiled and said, "Debbie now it is your turn."
Jessica positioned herself between Debbie's legs and started rubbing when Doug began the timer. Debbie's thong panties slid to the side and Jessica pushed Debbie's pussy lips apart as she rubbed back and forth. Soon she felt her fingers getting wet. Debbie's gasp told her that she was really getting to Debbie and she said, "Just let go you know you want to orgasm." Debbie struggled to control her breathing and keep her mind off the pleasure building between her legs. Jessica could feel the wetness building when Doug called time. The wets spot covered the whole crotch and Jessica knew she had come close to winning in the first round.
"OK panties off girls. A thirty second break and then we will start round 2. You each earned an edge point and Debbie you get another one for holding on there. I thought you weren't going to make it which would have made it a long eight weeks for you."
At the end of the thirty seconds the two girls got into a 69 with Jessica on top. Doug said start and both girls started licking each other. Jessica's tongue was causing waves of pleasure as she licked Debbie's clit and pussy. Debbie pulled Jessica's hips down as she licked her tongue flicking Jessica's clit with each lick. She could feel Jessica moan as Jessica continued to lick her. The sound sending waves of pleasure through her and then Jessica began to suck on her clit. Debbie was panting into Jessica's pussy trying to concentrate enough to keep licking. She knew if she stopped and gave into the pleasure that Jessica would make her cum before the round was over.
Debbie's panting was making Jessica very wet. The tinging was spreading through her body and she started wiggling and moaning. She sat up slightly trying to get her breath as the pleasure built. Debbie's hips arched up involuntarily as Jessica broke contact with her pussy. The glistening lips were still slightly parted where Jessica had just been licking her. Jessica started licking again and could taste Debbie's wetness as she licked. Her own pleasure was building rapidly, and she wondered what would happen if they both orgasmed at the same time.
Both girls were panting right on the edge barely hanging on when Doug called time. Jessica rolled off Debbie and worked on catching her breath. Her C cup breasts heaving with each breath. She looked over at Debbie and saw she was struggling to catch her breath too. In that moment she realized the reasoning behind Debbie having her go first. While Debbie had struggled through the change from round one to round two, she would now have to survive round three after a thirty second break.
Doug said, "You each get an edge point for surviving the round and get another edge point for holding on at the end there. After two rounds Debbie you three edge points and Jessica you have two. Jessica get ready for round three. This will be clit rubbing."
The pleasure had just finally completely faded when Doug started round three. Debbie started rubbing Jessica's clit in soft circles and the it took Jessica's breath away as the pleasure rushed over her. She clamped her eyes closed and tried to think of anything but the pleasure between her legs. She felt Debbie's breath on her ear as Debbie whispered, "You are so close. I am going to win. I will own your orgasms for 6 weeks and you will be a begging slut by the end of that time."
Despite herself Jessica moaned and ground her hips against Debbie's fingers as she started rubbing a finger on either side of her clit. She knew she wasn't going to be able to last the minute as her body was on the edge again already. Her hips started to rise, and Debbie pulled her hand back saying, "Not only that I am only giving you a ruined orgasm."
Jessica was writhing on the verge of orgasm fighting to keep it from happening but afraid that Debbie had done exactly that. As her breathing started to even out Debbie started rubbing again and she was right back on the edge. Debbie said, "Over you go." As she pulled her hand away again. Jessica clenched and barley held back the orgasm this time. As Debbie started to rub again Doug called time. Jessica could feel her wetness and was surprised it wasn't running down her leg. He said, "Jessica you get three edge points. One for the round and two more for resisting the two attempts by Debbie to ruin your orgasm. Debbie has three and you have five at this point."
Jessica started rubbing Debbie's clit. As she watched Debbie started getting wet Jessica could feel her own excitement building at the same time. She started stroking a finger on each side of the clit and hood and Debbie started breathing harder. Before she was able to get Debbie close to an orgasm Doug called time. "Debbie you now have four edge points to Jessica's five. It is break time then we will start round four."
After the thirty seconds were up the two girls got ready for round four. Jessica moved into position straddling Debbie's pussy and felt her wet pussy lips rubbing against Debbie's pussy. Doug told them to start and both girls started grinding against each other. It didn't take long until Jessica was feeling the pleasure build. She looked over at Debbie and saw that her eyes were glazing over from pleasure. Jessica watched Debbie's breasts heaving up and down as she struggled to control her breathing. The nipples were hard points. Debbie shifted the angle slightly and suddenly Debbie's pussy was rubbing Jessica's clit. Jessica was gasping trying to hold back her orgasm. Right as she thought she had lost Doug called time. "Jessica you get two more edge points and Debbie you get one. So now it is Debbie five edge points and Jessica with seven."
Jessica rolled onto her back and worked to get her excitement under control. Debbie patted her on the shoulder and said, "I can't wait to make you orgasm. Maybe I will make you squirt all over my face as I lick you." Just the thought of doing that made Jessica tingle.
Debbie got between Jessica's legs and when Doug started the timer, she started licking Jessica's clit as she slid two fingers into her pussy. Jessica started squirming with pleasure immediately. Jessica was so wet that Debbie's two fingers easily slid in and out. She asked, "What is the most fingers you have ever taken?" Jessica's only reply was a moan as she felt waves of pleasure washing over her. A third finger slid in and Jessica's hips arched up to meet the thrust. Debbie said, "Yes. You want it so bad." She looked up at Jessica and they locked eyes. Debbie pushed her fingers in and out faster. "Not yet though. I want to fist you." Debbie pulled her fingers out and Jessica whined. She gave Debbie puppy dog eyes and Debbie knew she had won. She slid four fingers in, and Jessica's head rocked back with pleasure. "Stay with me Jessica. You don't orgasm yet." A whimpered please was her only reply. Debbie pushed her thumb in and slid her hand in deep. Looking up at Jessica she watched her eyes roll back and her body convulsed as she orgasmed. Debbie kept moving her hand in and out slowly.
Doug said, "Debbie wins. Neither of you reached 10 edge points so no orgasms from that. Jessica ends up with more edge points so she will receive my cum now."
As he said this it dawned on Debbie that she wasn't going to get any relief to the ache between her legs. Well she would make Jessica pay for this over the next several weeks. Debbie pulled her hand out and it was soaked with Jessica's juices. Doug pulled down his pants as Debbie moved out of the way. She said, "You lose slut," and wiped her hand on Jessica's face.
Doug said, "Now remember you don't have permission to orgasm Jessica." His words lifted the fog of pleasure Jessica was in.
She said, "Please, I am so horny right now."
Doug slid all the way in with one slow thrust and said, "No. If you orgasm you will be punished."
As Doug started sliding in and out Debbie leaned down and started sucking on Jessica's nipples. Jessica moaned whimpered as her pleasure grew with each thrust. Debbie reached down and started rubbing her clit. Then despite her best efforts she was orgasming. Doug said, "Fine if you aren't going to listen you will take the punishment."
After only a few more thrusts Jessica orgasmed again and couldn't catch her breath as the pleasure overtook her again. Her eyes rolled back, and she felt the orgasm overtake her. Debbie's mouth on her nipple kept her excitement high even as the orgasm subsided. Doug's cock filled her so completely. A couple thrusts later she orgasmed again, and the pleasure felt like it was building still. Through the fog of pleasure Jessica heard Doug say, "You don't have permission to orgasm. Each time you do will make your punishment worse." Jessica moaned and struggled to try and regain control. Right then Debbie decided to run her teeth across Jessica's left nipple. The pleasure overwhelmed Jessica as she orgasmed again. The pulsing of her tight pussy pushed Doug over the edge and with one final thrust he shot his cum deep into Jessica. The multiple spirts of cum drove Jessica to orgasm one last time.
Doug pulled out after he finished and said, "You orgasmed five times without permission Jessica. Your punishment is that you will edge one time for each orgasm each day for the four weeks that Debbie is in control of your orgasms."
Jessica whimpered and then said, "If Debbie hadn't kept playing with me, I would have made it. She shouldn't have done that. It wasn't fair." Jessica knew that Doug didn't like them whining or making excuses, but she was desperate to get her punishment reduced."
Doug nodded slowly and Jessica had a bit of hope as Doug said, "You are right," bust it was dashed as he continued by saying, "but it is your responsibility to control your body. It wasn't fair of Debbie so she will do the same punishment until the four weeks are up."
Debbie was shocked but looking at Dough knew if she tried to argue or talk back it would just make it worse for both of them. In unison both girls said, "Yes Doug."