Live Steam 6

"It's funny, I was mortified that I had thousands of people watching me have sex. It was a massive jump that I didn't think I'd take, but now that barely scratches the surface of what you've all seen me do."
Greg:Damn right! Stupid slut has let the whole world see her! Ruined her life for good!
"I vowed I wasn't going to do it again. I left that one photo up, and that would be my wild, crazy time online," Sophie continued. "I honestly thought that was the end."

Chapter 5 - Turned By Jane

It had been four days since Sophie had taken down nearly all her photos and that video. She still couldn't believe she actually posted a video of her having sex. Sure, her face wasn't in it, but that didn't matter. Sophie knew that sex was supposed to be a private, intimate act, not something for the whole world to see! Especially when she was moaning like such a slut.
She hadn't posted another picture since and had no intentions on doing so. That being said, Sophie had broken down a few of her walls and still knew she had excitement over being seen. Her way to control this was that now she never wore underwear.
Out in public she would have no panties and no bra on. She knew that her big tits were so visible through all her clothes,at least this is still justifiable, no one can really complain because I'm not wearing a bra.
She sat at the back of the lecture hall listening to the professor talk while wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt. Back to her normal clothes, but without underwear.
Being around so many people, it scratched that itch a little bit.
That fat, ugly Jamie was on the other side of the lecture hall. She hadn't gone near him since he accidentally saw her taking a photo of her pussy to send to Harry, something that both disgusted and excited her at the same time.
When the lecture was finally over, Sophie went home, and Cara wasn't in, so she settled on the sofa.
Ever since posting that video, Sophie hadn't allowed herself to cum. She had learnt that part of the problem was when she got so horny, she wanted the whole world to see her.
But as she sat there, she loaded up RealSluts and clicked on the message from JaneBby.
I wonder why she's messaged me?
Sophie went through Jane's profile, and she definitely wasn't shy about showing herself off.
This Jane had long, straight red hair and beautiful green eyes. She was pale skinned, but it looked so smooth and delicate to touch. She was a thin girl, which was easy to see in her many naked photos. Even being thin, she had a good handful for her milky breasts.
Jane seemed to be very outdoorsy since many of her photos were in parks or fields, completely naked and showing everything! Sophie couldn't believe the bravery of this person. She had no fear about everyone seeing her!
That night, Sophie typed back a response.
Beth18:Hey, thanks for the message. Sorry it took me so long to reply. I haven't been on here in a few days. I know what you mean about the dick pics, I definitely got a lot lol. How are you? X
There was no way to see if Jane was online or not, so Sophie shut her phone screen off and tried to distract her horniness by watching a film.

--

The film had ended but Sophie barely knew what even happened in it. All her attention was just on how horny she was.
She grabbed her phone, loaded back up RealSluts, and saw that Jane had messaged her back.
JaneBby:That's no worries! I'm good thanks! I don't know what's happened, but all your photos are gone? X
Sophie immediately replied.
Beth18:Yeah, I kind of had an epiphany moment and thought it was stupid, so I deleted them all. Well except one x
To Sophie's surprise, she saw that Jane was typing back straight away.
JaneBby:Gutted, I loved them! Especially that video you put on! Never been more turned on in my life! X
This girl was getting turned on looking at me?Sophie had assumed it was only men watching her. She didn't even consider a girl finding her hot.
But then it happened. Having someone compliment her body, talk about the photos and videos that she had uploaded for the world to see... the fire returned to Sophie's pussy.
Beth18:Oh wow, thank you for the compliment! I really like your photos too! Although you seem a lot wilder and braver than me! X
JaneBby:Oh it's easy once you stop caring about people seeing you. I love that millions of people have seen me naked! X
Beth18:I know what you mean, it's nice to speak to someone that understands. Even if I don't understand it all. X
JaneBby:Aww hun, I know how you feel. When I first started, it felt so lonely, except for all the guys' attention. But trust me, I know how you feel! When I stopped caring about what others thought, it was the best thing I ever did! Tell me, what part of it all excites you the most? X
Beth18:I'm not sure. I'm so shy and reserved in my normal life. But online I can be whoever I want. Having all these guys thinking that I'm a slut and calling me names, it just really did something for me. X
Sophie felt strangely safe talking to Jane. It was a complete stranger, so at least she didn't have to worry about knowing her.
JaneBby:I could tell by your video that you liked being called a slut lol! Are you sure you're not really a slut? For me it's knowing that all these men, whether they have girlfriends or wives, they are wanting to look at me. X
Sophie felt her pussy twitch as she replied.
Beth18:I don't think I'm a slut, well definitely not until recently lol. That is hot, I love knowing men are looking at me and are turned on. But when I do it, a different side of me comes out. X
JaneBby:The slutty side that I saw in your video? That's nothing to be ashamed of. I came three times while watching your video. X
Ooh my god!
Sophie moaned out loud when she read that this woman had cum while looking at her.
Beth18:You erm... you did that to my video? X
JaneBby:How could I not?! Watching your big tits bounce around, your slutty moaning or how you took that big cock! It was amazing! If it was still up, I'd be cumming to it right now! X
Sophie's pussy was on fire, blocked only by her jeans, and desperate to be touched.
Beth18:I can send you the video if you'd like me to? X
It took less than a week for Sophie to consider breaking her vow to never show herself online again.
JaneBby:YES PLEASE! I'd love it! I'm so horny right now! X
Oh my god, am I really doing this?Sophie thought,But she's a girl, that's not as bad as sending it to a guy... right?
Beth18:I am too. I'll send you the video now. X
JaneBby:Oh, is the slutty Beth coming out? X
Sophie attached the video to her message and sent it. As soon as it officially went, her pussy gushed with excitement.
She couldn't hold it in any longer, so Sophie undid the button on her jeans, pulled the zipper down, and reached her hand inside.
As soon as her fingers touched her lips they were soaked with her own juices.
Beth18:I think she is. X
JaneBby:Good. Just think about how I'm currently watching your pussy getting stretched by this big, hard cock. X
Oh fuck... yes!
Sophie rubbed her throbbing clit with two fingers, spreading around all of her own nectar. She didn't know if this Jane was into girls. She guessed so but also thought she might just like watching porn.
Beth18:I love knowing that. Are you touching yourself as you watch me? X
JaneBby:Not yet... but my pussy is definitely waiting for me. Are you touching yourself now, slut Beth? X
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Beth18:I am. I'm rubbing my clit knowing that you're watching me getting fucked like a slut! X
JaneBby:Good girl, let the real you out. The slut. The dirty, dirty slut that gets off on other people watching her. That's what you really are, isn't it?
Sophie pulled her jeans down to her ankles and fingered herself on the sofa.
Beth18:It is! I just want everyone to know that I'm a slut! I want everyone to see me naked, getting fucked, being used by anyone!
JaneBby:You're so fucking hot. Listening to your moans as this guy fucks you and your tight, delicious pussy!
"Oooh fuck!" Sophie moaned.
Beth18:He came over my face that night! Covered me in his cum! I recorded that too but didn't put it up!
JaneBby:Mmm you liked it though, didn't you? Being a dirty girl, letting another man cover you in cum? I bet you looked so hot with it dripping off your face. If only I was there as well to lick it off you!
"Oooooh fuuuucckk meee!!" Sophie moaned.
She fingered herself faster and faster, nearing orgasm when the door suddenly swung open.
Sophie turned her head and turned a deathly pale when she saw Cara standing at the doorway.
"Oh my god!" Sophie shouted and jumped up.
"Jesus christ Sophie! On the sofa?" Cara shouted back.
"I'm sorry!" Sophie quickly said back.
She fumbled for her jeans but fell over in the process. When she managed to stand up and cover herself, Cara had shut the door but gave her a disapproving look.
"Come on," Cara sighed, "we share that sofa, seriously?"
"Cara, I'm so sorry!" Sophie told her, "I didn't mean... I wasn't... oh god please don't hate me."
Her best friend in the world was looking at her with anger, and Sophie felt humiliated but still incredibly turned on!
"Look," Cara said and put her bag down, "Do whatever you want to yourself, but can you keep it in your room?"
Sophie just wanted to curl into a ball and cry out of embarrassment.
"I'm sorry," Sophie whispered again and hung her head. "It won't happen again."
"What's gotten into you lately?" Cara asked.
"Nothing I just..." Sophie replied but couldn't find the words, "I'll be in my room."
Cara went to say something, but Sophie shut the door before she could. Jumping onto her bed, she closed her eyes and just wanted to disappear.
It was a couple of minutes when she realised she hadn't replied to Jane.
Beth18:Sorry, my roommate just came home! X
Luckily Jane replied straight away.
JaneBby:It's no problem, did she catch you? X
Beth18:Yes! I'm mortified! I've never felt so embarrassed in my life! X
JaneBby:Shame, I wish it was me catching you playing with your beautiful pussy. X
Her humiliation was still there, but this just increased her horniness.
Beth18:I'd rather that than my roommate just catching me fingering myself on the sofa. X
JaneBby:I take it she doesn't know you're into all this? X
Beth18:No, she wouldn't get it. I'd just be humiliated again. X
JaneBby:Hey, I know this is weird considering we've only spoke online today but you sound like you could use someone to talk to. If you ever want to meet up, I live near Manchester. X
Jane then sent the town that she lived in, and Sophie realised she was only half an hour away.
Beth18:I might take you up on that. As long as you're not a serial killer lol! X
JaneBby:Definitely not! How about tomorrow? Do you know Gardens Shopping Centre? X
Sophie knew it well, but was she really considering meeting up with a stranger online? Not just that, but a woman she dirty talked with and who saw the video of her having sex. For some reason, that just excited her more.
Beth18:Yeah, sounds good to me. I have a lecture in the morning, so say 1pm? X
JaneBby:Perfect. Oh... and wear something slutty. X

--

Sophie was filled with anxiety as she walked to meet up with Jane.
She was wearing a very tight, white crop top that showed her stomach, and since she didn't wear a bra, it meant that her nipples were practically on show. She also had on a short skirt with no underwear underneath and pumps for shoes.
As she walked through the shopping centre, she caught the eye of many of the men she walked past, and each glance gave her pussy a little flutter.
They all probably think I'm dressed like a prostitute. Practically naked, they can see nearly everything.
She walked towards the coffee shop where they had agreed to meet. The first thing Sophie spotted was Jane's luxurious, shining red hair that fell all the way down her back.
Jane was sitting down but from behind Sophie saw that she was wearing a denim top.
"J-jane?" Sophie stuttered out as she caught the other woman's eye.
Jane's face lit up in a smile, and she rose to her feet.
"Beth," She said, "it's nice to properly meet you."
The two girls shook hands, and Sophie couldn't help but admire how soft Jane's skin was.
As Sophie sat down, she couldn't take her eyes off Jane sitting a foot in front of her. Sophie had seen Jane completely naked in many, many photos. Not only that, but Sophie knew that Jane had watched her have sex.
This is crazy.
Although Sophie had seen so many photos of her, it was hard to guess Jane's age. Her skin was so soft with no imperfections that she could pass for 20, but she had a mature aura about her.
"You seem nervous?" Jane asked.
"I guess I am," Sophie replied. "I never thought I'd actually meet someone from that site."
"That's fair enough," Jane told her. "I was the same when I started."
"So, you've met with people from there before?" Sophie asked.
"A couple. You're the first girl though." Jane replied.
A waitress came over, and they both ordered an ice coffee.
"So, did your roommate calm down about walking in on you fingering yourself?" Jane bluntly asked.
Sophie choked on her own spit as she was caught off guard by the abrupt question. As she coughed, she looked around, hoping no one heard her.
"Don't be so worried," Jane said and smiled. "You might as well have your tits out, and you're worried about someone hearing us?"
Sophie felt her cheeks glowing red from Jane's words.
"She erm, she was surprised, but it's all good now." Sophie admitted.
"That's good," Jane replied. "Shame we got interrupted though."
The waitress arrived with their drinks, and Sophie got lost in Jane's smile.
"I've... never done that before." Sophie whispered.
"What? Did dirty messages? Now that I don't believe." Jane laughed out, not hiding her voice at all.
"No, I mean, with a girl." Sophie replied, still whispering and looking at the floor.
"Oh right, I get you," Jane replied. Sophie still couldn't look up, worried that anyone might see her. "Why are you so worried?"
"People might see me, I dunno, it's embarrassing." Sophie admitted.
"Beth, listen," Jane said. "When you post online or talk to guys, how do you feel?"
Sophie needed a moment to think about her answer.
"I feel, incredible," Sophie told her, "Like something has woken up inside of me, something amazing and wonderful."
"So what's wrong with that?" Jane asked.
"That's the problem," Sophie blurted out. "I do these things, I act... the way I act. It's wrong, as soon as I, you know, finish, I'm just filled with shame."
"That's because you're still learning," Jane told her as her soft hand reached out and cupped Sophie's. "When you're horny, your body reacts in a positive way. The reason you feel bad afterwards is because all of those amazing feelings are rushed out of you. The highs are followed by the lows."
"Maybe I don't want the lows." Sophie shrugged.
"And that's fine if you don't," Jane told her. "But you know how good it can feel, how freeing it can be. If you stop yourself from worrying about the lows, then you can truly experience euphoria."
Her words strangely made sense to Sophie. Whenever she was acting like a slut, she felt like she was in heaven, like nothing could ever bring her down. It was only when she was done and started to feel embarrassed over how she acted that she started to hate herself.
If she stopped feeling like she was doing something wrong, then she could just enjoy the highs.
"I'm going to assume you got a lot of looks in that outfit on your way here?" Jane asked.
Sophie nodded.
"I mean who wouldn't? You look well and truly fuckable," Jane said and laughed, "and how did it make you feel?"
"It... made me feel good, sexy... horny." Sophie said and chuckled at her own answer.
"And do you feel bad about that now?" Jane asked.
Sophie looked at her and shook her head.
"I'm just saying, do what you want to do," Jane told her. "Don't let what other people bring you down."
Sophie sat and thought about that for a moment until she caught Jane staring at her chest, and Sophie did a joking cough to get her attention.
"Sorry," Jane laughed, "Hard not to look at them."
Sophie blushed and felt her pussy twitch.
"You're dressed more conservatively than I expected." Sophie told her, her shyness slowly withering away.
"Oh right, almost forgot." Jane replied.
She sat up, undid a few buttons on her denim top and pulled it off.
Sophie let out a very loud gasp when she saw what Jane had on underneath! She was practically just wearing a bra! It was probably just about enough to wear outside legally. Her smooth, toned stomach was beautiful to look at and her small, perky tits made her hard nipples poke through the top.
Sophie's mouth hung wide open as she stared at this woman who truly didn't give a fuck.
"Like what you see?" Jane asked.
"I... I... wow." Sophie managed to splutter out.
A few mumblings from other people could be heard, and Sophie turned her head to see people giving disapproving looks over to them.
Am I attracted to Jane?Sophie thought, definitely feeling her pussy get wetter.
A few moments later a female waitress came over.
"Excuse me, ma'am," She said politely, aimed at Jane. "I'm going to have to ask you to put your top back on."
Sophie blushed again at the fact someone actually came up to them.
"But I have my top on, see." Jane replied and pointed straight at her tits.
There were more people looking over, staring at the half naked Jane.
"I'm sorry ma'am, but you can't just wear that here." The waitress said.
Jane laughed and looked at her.
"It's okay, we were just heading out anyway," She said and stood up. "My friend here needs some sluttier clothes."
Oh my god!
Jane looked at Sophie and reached out her hand. Although she was burning with embarrassment, Sophie took it and followed her out of the coffee shop.
"I can't believe you just did that." Sophie whispered as they walked.
Many guys were looking at Sophie before, but now walking with Jane half naked, nearly everyone was looking at them. In fact, this just turned Sophie on more.
"What?" Jane laughed, "Come on, I know where we can go."
Sophie blindly followed Jane until they walked into a lingerie shop.
Behind the till was an old, hairy man whose eyes lit up when he saw the two women.
"Can I help you ladies with anything?" He asked.
"No thanks, just looking." Jane replied.
Sophie didn't say anything, feeling embarrassed as she followed Jane around the shop.
She barely looked at anything, and before she knew it, Jane had an outfit in one hand and grabbed Sophie with the other.
"We're just going to try this on!" She shouted to the man behind the till.
Sophie followed her into a changing room, although the door was just a curtain that didn't block the full view.
"Here, try this on." Jane told her.
Sophie looked at the outfit and very quickly realised it was a young, schoolgirl outfit.
"I don't know." Sophie whispered.
"Come on, for me?" Jane asked, "I'll wait outside while you get changed, if you like?"
Sophie's eyes darted from the outfit to Jane,this girl is wild! Maybe I should just follow her lead.
"Okay." Sophie finally said.
Once Jane was out and the curtain was closed as much as possible, Sophie started to undress. It didn't take long given the lack of clothes she was already wearing.
She was completely naked, looking at herself in the mirror. Her big, soft tits and her erect nipples just begged to be played with, and she felt the pure wetness coming from between her thick thighs.
"Oh, these too!" Jane shouted and threw something past the curtains.
Then, Sophie started to get dressed.
First was the blue and green plaid skirt. It stopped below her belly button, and the hem barely covered her big, juicy ass when she stood up straight. Just a little movement pretty much put her entire ass on show.
She then got the shirt, if you could call it that.
It was at least one size too small, and Sophie really struggled to do up just the three bottom buttons. The rest wouldn't even come close to closing, which left her cleavage massively on show. In fact, the shirt barely covered her big nipples, but they were visible as well given that the shirt was so thin.
Finally, Sophie grabbed the items that Jane threw in. A pair of white, cotton socks. They ran all the way up her calves and stopped at the bottom of her thick thighs.
Once dressed, Sophie took a moment to look at herself.
I look like a stripper,she thought.
Nearly all her body was on show, and the bits that weren't were only just covered up. She looked... hot. Just seeing herself like this turned Sophie on even more.
"Are you done yet?" Jane's voice called out, and the curtain was pulled open.
Sophie was frozen when she saw Jane. She was looking in the mirror, so her back was to the redhead.
"Wow." Jane said.
Her bright green eyes were mainly focused on Sophie's ass, and then she looked in the mirror and eyed Sophie up all over.
"It's a little revealing." Sophie told her.
"That's the point," Jane said with a laugh. "Now turn around and let me get a proper look."
Nervously, Sophie spun around and felt Jane staring at her like a piece of meat.
She didn't realise it, but Sophie's big chest was heaving up and down, and her breathing grew heavy.
"You look so hot." Jane whispered.
She took a step forward, close enough that Sophie felt the heat radiating from the other woman. Their bodies were so close while both of them were barely covered up that Sophie was losing herself.
Yeah, I'm definitely attracted to her.
"I don't know if I can afford it." Sophie said.
"I know, come with me." Jane replied and grabbed Sophie's hand.
Suddenly she was pulled out of the cover from the changing room and was quickly standing in the middle of the shop, half naked and exposed.
"Excuse me, sir?" Jane shouted and the man behind the till looked over. "My friend would like this, but she wants your opinion."
Oh my god!
Sophie put her head down, but she felt this older man's eyes all over her body.
"Do a spin and let him get a proper look." Jane said.
The fire between Sophie's legs grew, and she felt her feet start to move. Soon she was facing away from the man as he definitely stared at her ass.
"Well?" Jane asked.
"Definitely a good choice." He replied in a deep, husky voice.
"And look," Jane said, "She's not even wearing underwear to make it look even better."
Jane grabbed the bottom of Sophie's skirt and lifted it over her ass cheeks, revealing everything to this older man!
"Very good choice indeed." He whispered.
My bare ass is out! And nothing hiding my pussy! Fuck me!
Sophie stood perfectly still as this man perved on her, but she fucking loved it!
"The only thing is, she can't afford it," Jane told him. "Is there anything we can do to have it instead?"
Wait? What!? Is she pimping me out?!
Sophie was shocked, not believing that this woman she had just met was offering Sophie to have sex with this man in exchange for the outfit.
"What if we both show you our tits?" Jane asked.
A wave of relief washed over Sophie when she heard that, followed by a wave of disappointment.
"Hmm, it doesn't normally work like that." He muttered.
Jane grabbed Sophie and spun her back around.
"Okay, how about this," Jane said, "We both still flash you our tits, and you get to watch us make out?"
WHAT?!
As ridiculous as it was, Sophie's pussy gushed at Jane's words.
"I think that could be a fair deal." The man finally replied.
Sophie looked at him, some old, hairy man that she would never find attractive. But right now, knowing that he was definitely turned on by the sight of her, she knew she would do anything!
"You heard him, Beth." Jane said.
Sophie looked over at Jane who smiled back wickedly. Before she even had a chance to react, Jane pulled down the white shirt, and Sophie's big, soft tits burst out.
Then, Jane grabbed her own top, pulled it down and unleashed her smaller, perkier tits.
In some sick twist of fate, as they stood there with their tits out, the door to the shop opened, and another older man walked in.
He stopped dead in his tracks when he realised what he was seeing.
Sophie didn't move. She was frozen in a mix of fear and lust.
I can't believe two random old men are looking at my tits right now!
"Final part of the deal." Jane said.
She grabbed Sophie and turned to look at her. With a soft, delicate hand holding onto Sophie's cheek, Jane leant in until their lips pressed together.
Instantly Sophie felt like she was transported somewhere else. Completely lost in this embrace, she kissed back against Jane's soft lips. Her first ever experience of kissing a girl, and it felt perfect.
After a few seconds of their lips pressed together, Jane opened her mouth and pressed her tongue against Sophie's thick, soft lips.
Sophie automatically opened her mouth and let it in. When their tongues touched, her body shivered with excitement.
Jane pulled her close and suddenly their exposed tits pressed against each other.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned into her mouth.
She forgot where she was for a moment and just enjoyed the sensual, delicate kiss while their tongues gently glided against each other.
When Jane pulled back just a few inches, it took Sophie a second to stop kissing. And then Jane reached into her pocket and threw something over to the man behind the till.
"Take a video of us, of our first kiss," She said. "You can record one on your phone as well."
Sophie didn't have time to react before Jane's lips were against hers again.
Jane's hands grabbed Sophie's exposed skin and pulled her close, their bodies pressed together as they made out.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned again.
Jane was definitely taking charge in this kiss, but Sophie was happy for her to do so.
It lasted nearly five full minutes. Five minutes of heaven as Sophie had the greatest make out session of her life, and each second that went by made her pussy leak more and more.
Until Jane finally stopped and pulled away.
"So, we had a deal right?" She asked the man behind the till who was holding up two phones, recording them both.
Sophie then saw the man that had walked in was also recording them.
They're definitely going to go home and wank over us! Fuck I love it! I hope they cum big fucking loads because of us!
The two girls put their tits away, and Jane grabbed her phone back.
"You probably will get arrested walking around like that," Jane laughed. "Here, put this on."
Jane then put her oversized denim jacket over Sophie. It covered her top half but barely covered her bottom. She was sure that people would think she was naked under it... well, she practically was.
Then they left the shop.
"That was so hot!" Jane said, "You're a great kisser."
"T-thanks." Sophie nervously replied.
"I'm so horny right now," Jane admitted, "They're definitely going to be wanking over that video."
The idea turned Sophie on immensely.
Then she felt Jane grab her hand.
"Come on, let's go back to my place." She said.

--

Sophie walked into Jane's apartment, which was nice and well furnished. It was mid-level up on a block of apartments with huge windows on the walls. Looking down, Sophie saw people walking around the street below.
In the living room, Sophie turned around and saw Jane staring at her.
"Take the jacket off." She said in a firm tone.
Am I really about to do this? With a girl?
Sophie wasn't really in charge of that decision, her pussy and lust had taken over, and before she realised it, the jacket was on the floor.
Each step that Jane took to walk over made Sophie twitch with excitement until she was standing right in front of her.
Her right hand moved up, and her soft fingers started to trace up and down Sophie's arm.
"You've never been with a girl before, have you?" Jane asked.
Sophie shook her head, but her chest heaved up and down.
Jane leant in until her lips grazed Sophie's ear, her warm breath sending shivers down her spine.
"Don't worry," She whispered, "I'll show you everything you need to do."
That was it, Sophie's decision was made,I'm about to have sex with a girl.
Jane's lips pressed against Sophie's neck, forcing a moan from the young girl.
Then Jane's hands grabbed Sophie's hips and pulled them close together.
Sophie was a mess of horniness, and she couldn't stop herself even if she wanted to.
Then when Jane reached into Sophie's top and started to play with her tits, Sophie moaned even louder when Jane rubbed her sensitive nipples.
"Oh, you like that, don't you?" Jane whispered as she kept kissing Sophie's neck.
Sophie bit her bottom lip and nodded with a moan.
Then Jane aggressively kissed Sophie, forcing her tongue into the younger woman's mouth for a passionate kiss for a few seconds before pulling back and grabbing Sophie's tits.
"You're going to be a good little slut for me, aren't you, Beth?" Jane growled.
Oh god, I love this.
"Yes." Sophie whispered.
Jane pressed her perfect lips back against Sophie's, and the two beautiful women carried on making out.
Sophie wasn't fighting it at all. In fact, she reached around and held onto Jane's body. She felt the other woman's smooth, pale skin in her hands, and it felt amazing.
"I loved seeing you dressed like a slut in this outfit," Jane moaned between kisses, "and getting you to flash these big tits to those men. I didn't know if you were going to do it."
"Oh god," Sophie moaned, "I can't believe I actually did that."
As they kept making out, Jane's hand lowered down until her fingertips were against Sophie's thigh. Sophie automatically opened her legs a little and let Jane's hand reach under her skirt.
"Oooh god." Sophie moaned just from the touch of this woman's fingertips against her moist pussy lips.
With no resistance at all, Jane pressed one finger, knuckle deep inside of Sophie.
"You liked it though, didn't you? Showing those old men your tits?" Jane whispered as she gently fingered Sophie.
"I loved it," Sophie panted back, "I wanted more people to see me."
Jane's finger was gliding in and out of Sophie's pussy, giving her other worldly pleasure.
"I'm sure they'll be showing that video to their mates, maybe sending it around," Jane whispered, "Who knows how many men will see it."
Part of Sophie panicked knowing it had her face it, but another part loved that idea.
"Oh god, oh god, Jane." Sophie moaned out.
Jane slowly pulled her soaked finger out of Sophie and then pressed it against Sophie's lips. Sophie opened her mouth and sucked her own juices from Jane's finger.
"Here," Jane said, moving for a moment, "film me playing with your big tits."
"You really like being filmed, don't you?" Sophie replied.
Jane had already lowered her head closer to Sophie's tits when she looked up with a smile.
"You love it as well, I know you do." Jane told her.
It was strange, Sophie had only known this woman for a few hours, but she knew more about Sophie than anyone.
Sophie took the phone and started to record.
Jane's head was by her tits which were just about covered by the very tight shirt. She unbuttoned the few buttons there were, and Sophie's big, soft tits burst free.
"Fucking hell, I love how big they are." Jane whispered.
Each hand took a tit each and started to squeeze them, feeling her breasts pressed against her hands.
Sophie was filming it all, her eyes darting from the phone screen to actually watching another woman play with her tits.
"Ooooh god yes!" Sophie moaned louder than before when Jane's lips wrapped around one of her big, soft nipples.
Jane's wet, soft tongue flicked around Sophie's hard nipple while her lips gently sucked it into her mouth.
"Yes, that feels so good." Sophie panted
Sophie had always liked when men played with her nipples, but Jane was somehow making it even better.
Jane looked up at the camera, her green eyes looking beautiful as she sucked and nibbled on Sophie's tit.
"Mmm." Jane moaned as she bit down on it, forcing a shriek of pain and pleasure from Sophie.
She stopped and looked up at the camera.
"You like me sucking on your big tits, don't you?" She asked, her left thumb gently rubbing the other nipple.
"I love it," Sophie panted, "I love having my nipples played with."
"Mmmm!" Jane moaned and started sucking on it again.
She pulled her lips back and made a show of her wet tongue flicking around Sophie's hard nipple.
Sophie felt like her legs were weak from this, an amazing amount of pleasure rushing through her body.
Jane bit down on her nipple one more time and pulled back.
"Okay, my turn." She said and pulled her top down.
Sophie was disappointed not to have her tits being played with anymore, but seeing Jane topless in front of her made her want to give the same pleasure back.
"Okay, but I've never done this before." Sophie warned her.
"Don't worry, it's just sucking on my nipples, it's not hard," Jane told her. "Pass me the phone."
Sophie worried about her face being filmed as she sucked on Jane's tits, but that worry quickly passed as her horniness took over.
She brushed her long, long, brunette hair back and lowered her head.
Her left hand cupped Jane's perky nipple as she leaned closer to her right one.
Opening her mouth, Sophie wrapped her thick, soft lips around Jane's hard nipple.
"That's it, just do what comes naturally." Jane moaned.
Sophie tried to copy what was done to her and what she liked. She sucked on her nipples, flicked them with her tongue, and gently bit on them.
She looked up occasionally and saw the phone recording her and then saw Jane moaning above it.
After a few seconds, Sophie got lost in the enjoyment of sucking Jane's nipples. Listening to this other woman moan because of her was a pleasure she had never felt before.
Then after a few minutes, Jane grabbed Sophie's hair and pulled her up.
Both girls were panting, and Jane shoved her tongue back into Sophie's mouth.
"Mmmm." Sophie kept moaning as she made out with Jane.
Then, Jane grabbed Sophie and spun her around. With a little push on her back, Sophie was bent slightly over, and her hands landed against the huge wall length glass window that looked out to the street.
Jane's hands ran along the back side of her thighs, creeping their way higher and higher underneath her skirt until three fingers rubbed against her soaked, throbbing pussy.
Jane's fingers were spreading Sophie's juices around until she felt completely drenched, and then two fingers pushed all the way inside of her. Jane did something, curling her fingers or something, but she hit Sophie's G-Spot instantly.
"Oooh fuck!" Sophie moaned.
Her head was low, her brunette hair covering her as she was fingered against the window.
"Look out there," Jane growled as she fingered Sophie a little faster, "See everyone walking. Anyone could turn and see you."
Sophie opened her eyes and saw there were a fair few people walking around the street below. It was true, they weren't too high up, so if anyone looked in their window, they would just see her bent over and getting fingered.
"Ooooh god!" Sophie moaned again as Jane kept hitting her G-spot.
"You want them to watch, don't you?" Jane asked, "You want them all to see you being a slut for me."
"Yes!" Sophie immediately shouted back.
Her tits were swinging free, her body rocking back and forth with Jane's fingers as she moaned louder and louder.
"I want them to see me," Sophie moaned. "I want them all to turn and see what a whore I am!"
"That's right, Beth," Jane whispered. "You're a little whore who loves to show off, just like me."
Jane fingered her faster and faster. Sophie's toes started to curl, and her orgasm was quickly growing inside of her.
"Oh fuck...oh fuck! Yes! Yes!" Sophie started to shout.
Then Jane pulled her fingers out.
"Not yet." She said.
Sophie was turned around again. She felt lightheaded from the pleasure she was just getting, but Jane brought her back to reality with another passionate kiss.
"Finger me." Jane whispered into Sophie's mouth.
Sophie realized that Jane must've taken off her shorts at some point because now she was completely naked.
Sophie reached down and between Jane's legs and felt her smooth pussy that felt just as soaked as hers.
Their mouths never broke, their tongues constantly rubbed against each other as Sophie pressed two fingers into Jane.
"Oooh yes! Finger me, you little slut," Jane moaned. "Let everyone see you fingering me."
Sophie looked to the side, but no one seemed to have noticed them, which disappointed her.
Jane then grabbed her head and pulled her in for another kiss as Sophie started to finger her faster.
Although she was getting fingered, Jane managed to undress Sophie until both women were completely naked. Their hot, sweating bodies pressed against each other as Sophie's two fingers moved in and out of Jane's pussy.
"Oh fuck. Yes. Right there." Jane moaned.
Her pussy felt so warm and tight around Sophie's fingers,why have I never thought about being with a girl before?
She turned her head again and was shocked to see three lads had caught them. They were staring, straight faced as Sophie kept fingering Jane.
"That's it, give them a show." Jane whispered. She must've spotted them as well.
"Ooooh fuucckk!" Sophie moaned, almost cumming herself as the lads watched.
She couldn't believe it,They must be having a great view, two hot women, naked and fingering.
After a few minutes, Jane eventually pulled Sophie's fingers away.
"Right, let's see how you do with that tongue of yours." She said.
This is it, I'm actually going to lick a pussy.
Jane led them to the bedroom, which was massive and had a large bed.
"Lie down. I'm gonna sit on your face." Jane told her.
Her words made Sophie moan with excitement.
She laid down on the comfortable bed and watched as this beautiful, pale redhead started to walk above her.
Sophie was greeted with the beautiful sight of Jane's pussy over her head.
Slowly, that beautiful pussy got closer and closer to Sophie's face until it was right above her.
"Ready to taste your first pussy, whore?" Jane asked.
"I'm ready, give it to me." Sophie moaned.
Jane lowered another inch, Sophie stuck out her tongue, and then.... She made contact.
Instantly, Sophie's senses overflowed with Jane's nectar. Her sweet, delicious juices filled Sophie's mouth with a taste that she could only describe as addictive.
"Mmmm!" Sophie moaned.
Jane lowered herself the rest of the way until she was sitting on Sophie's face, and all Sophie could see between Jane's thighs was Jane's tits and her face.
The smooth pussy pressed against her lips and tongue as Sophie started to move her tongue around, aiming for Jane's clit.
"Mmm good girl, lick my pussy." Jane moaned.
Sophie loved it! She found Jane's clit and flicked her tongue against it over and over, occasionally feeling Jane's legs twitch around her head.
"You like that, don't you, slut?" Jane panted out.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned back.
Sophie's hands reached and grabbed onto Jane's thighs and just let her tongue do the work.
She mainly focused on Jane's clit, massaging it with her tongue, but she couldn't help herself from pushing her tongue in and getting a massive taste of Jane's sweet pussy.
"Oh fuck," Jane moaned, "Fucking hell that's good. You sure you've never done this before?"
"Mhmhm." Sophie moaned back, unable to take her tongue away.
"Well, you're a natural cunt licker." Jane moaned.
Jane's free hands reached behind her and started to rub Sophie's own soaked pussy, forcing Sophie to moan into Jane's cunt.
Jane started to rock back and forth, covering Sophie's lips and chin with her juices.
Then, Sophie suddenly saw a phone appear in front of her, clearly recording.
"Don't stop, slut," Jane moaned. "Keep licking my pussy like the dyke whore you are."
Sophie didn't care about being filmed. If anything, it turned her on more. She closed her eyes and focused on giving Jane as much pleasure as possible.
"Such a good little slut, aren't you, Beth," Jane moaned, "But you're not a little slut, you're a big slut."
"Mmmm!" Sophie moaned as Jane twitched around her more and more.
"Fuck, you want to make me cum, you big slut?" Jane shouted.
"Mmmm!!" Sophie moaned back.
She was attacking Jane's clit with her tongue, desperate to make this amazing woman cum.
"Yes! Don't stop! Don't stop! Fuck! You big fucking slut, Beth! Beth! Big Slut Beth!" Jane shouted.
Sophie was in fucking heaven, licking faster and faster, sucking on her clit until Jane tensed up around her and unleashed a moan louder than ever.
"FUUUCKK I'M CUMMING!!" Jane screamed out, "DON'T FUCKING STOP!"
Sophie had no intentions on stopping.
Jane's pussy gushed, just filling her senses with more of the delicious taste as Jane kept cumming and cumming over her face.
Jane was grinding against Sophie, her entire body twitching as she just kept cumming. Sophie found it hard to breathe, but she never wanted it to end.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Jane moaned as her breathing turned very heavy and she panted for air.
When she eventually stopped cumming, she collapsed off Sophie.
"Fucking hell, that was amazing." Jane moaned.
"Not bad for a first time, hey." Sophie replied, now really fucking horny.
Jane sat up and smiled.
"Don't think I've forgotten about you." She replied.
Sophie laid back and watched as Jane crawled between her spread legs, her face just inches from Sophie's desperate pussy.
"Here, you record me." She said and handed Sophie the phone.
Sophie aimed it at Jane who was smiling up, and then she looked down, and her tongue pressed against Sophie's clit.
"Hooolly fuck!" Sophie shouted out.
"Mmmm. Delicious." Jane whispered.
Her tongue was like fucking magic, flicking Sophie's clit perfectly, massaging her lips, and then sinking her fingers deep into Sophie's hole.
"Oh god! Oh fuck! Fuck me, that's good!" Sophie kept moaning.
She tried to focus the camera on Jane, but she was in too much pleasure to control herself.
Her entire body was shaking and trembling as she received the best oral in her life!
Jane's two fingers were fucking Sophie's pussy as she looked up and smiled.
"Are you going to cum for me, you little slut?" Jane shouted.
"Yes! Yes! Fuck please!" Sophie moaned back.
Jane tongue attacked her throbbing clit again as her fingers hammered in and out.
Sophie's orgasm was already close, and it was building up even faster.
"Oh fuck! Jane! I'm gonna cum!" Sophie moaned.
"Mmm!" Jane moaned back and carried on sucking her clit.
"Yes! Yes!" Sophie shouted until it hit her, "YEEES I'M CUMMING!! MAKE THIS FUCKING SLUT CUM!!!"
Jane fucked Sophie with her fingers, sucking and licking her clit as the younger woman writhed and thrashed about, moaning like a wild fucking animal.
"OOOOH FUUCKK MEEEEE!!! I FUCKING LOVE IT!!" Sophie screamed.
For nearly five minutes, Sophie just kept cumming and cumming from the longest orgasm of her life.
"Wait.. wait, stop," Sophie panted, "too sensitive."
Jane pulled away, her mouth drenched in Sophie's cum, but she was smiling. Jane then grabbed the phone and threw it away before moving up and kissing Sophie.
Both women were hot and sweaty, but they didn't care. Sophie wrapped her legs around Jane, and their bodies rubbed together as they made out.
After a few minutes though, Sophie was struggling to catch her breath.
"I think... I need a glass of water." Sophie panted.
Jane smiled and left the room only to return with some water. As Sophie gulped it down, she saw Jane on her phone.
"You know," Jane said, standing to the side, completely naked, which distracted Sophie, "If you really want to be as slutty as you say, you'd let me post this video on RealSluts."
Sophie looked at her, and she didn't know if she was still horny or just lightheaded from her earth-shattering orgasm.
"Do it." She told Jane.
Jane smiled from ear to ear.
"Are you sure?" Jane asked.
"I'm sure," Sophie said and then sat up. "But if I get into that state of shame and ask you to take it down, promise me you won't."
Jane pulled a bit of a funny face to that, clearly not wanting to force Sophie to do something she didn't want to.
"I mean it," Sophie said. "I told you after I finish this kind of stuff, I regret it and feel ashamed. I don't know if I will feel that way after this, but I want that video up. I want everyone to see when you turned me into your slut, and I want hundreds, even thousands of men to wank on it."
"You really are one nasty slut." Jane said and leant down to kiss her.

--

A couple hours and a few more orgasms later, Sophie was back home.
"Hey, where've you been all day?" Cara asked.
Sophie felt weak from her long sex session with Jane, who seemed able to cum an unlimited amount of times.
"Just seeing a friend." Sophie told her and collapsed onto the sofa.
"Excuse me?" Cara said in a shocked voice which worried Sophie,does she know something??
"You have other friends?!" Cara joked out. "I'm hurt."
"Oh shut up, you're my only best friend." Sophie said and laughed.
That night Sophie lay in her bed and loaded up RealSluts when she saw she had a message.
JaneBby:Nearly 8,000 views already and it's only been up an hour. Guess you're gonna be famous lol! X
Sophie found Jane's page and saw the video. Jane had clearly cut a fair bit out because it was only fifteen minutes long.
Although she was nervous about what she was going to see, Sophie started watching it.
It started with Jane sucking on Sophie's tits,that's not too bad,she thought. Then it showed Sophie sucking on Jane's tits,you can only see the top of my face, that's not bad.
After that, she realised that Jane was recording as Sophie was bent against the window and getting fingered from behind. You could see Sophie's asshole between her cheeks and the two fingers going in and out of her. You could also clearly hear her loud moaning.
Still can't see me.
Then, it had the angle of Jane holding the phone as she sat on Sophie's face.
That... that does look like me.
Sophie panicked. You could only see the top half of her face but it was a hell of a lot more than she had ever shown before! But as she watched it, Sophie's pussy got a little wetter again as she remembered the taste of Jane.
When she finished the video, she was wracked with anxiety, shame, and lust.
200 comments!
Sophie couldn't believe it. She started to read through a few.
"Fucking hell, Jane! Who's your hot friend? Need some more content with her!"
"Oh yeah, that little slut loves it! Look at her getting fingered against the window!"
"Fucking whores! I bet you'd both love a real cock to fuck you both."
"Love it! Big Slut Beth! Definitely need to find her page."
Big Slut Beth... that's what Jane called me in the video.
As Sophie read through more of the comments and her pussy got wetter and wetter, she started to see a theme. More and more were calling her "Big Slut Beth".