In the months following her fiasco with the locker room and Dr. Piston, Christine swore she wouldn't do anymore adventures. She would focus on work and golf club improvements to keep busy. Day in and day out working at the club, she would walk the course. Unfortunately, she found that her thoughts started to betray her. She began picturing herself running naked across the course. She'd shake off the feelings, but each day they grew stronger. Her fantasies would grow in detail. She'd imagine filming herself running naked, broadcasting it to the club members. She'd picture orgasming by the tee boxes and tying herself up on the green. It only got worse from there.
She finally decided to give in to her inner desires and decided to plan another adventure. She plans on spending a day naked outside, on the golf course. She decides to do it on one of her days off, since it would be less risky than her working and someone looking for her. It would be simple, fun, and would get it out of her system. As she mapped out her plan, her mind kept asking 'What if?' She thought about each idea and went down a rabbit hole. She wanted ways to automate actions, punish her, excite her, and do things without her knowing. She also wanted a way to keep her outside without a way to finish early.
Her plan is to secure a time lock container to the tree next to 9th hole tee box. This box will contain the key back into the building via the maintenance door. The 9th hole is the furthest from the golf club, and also very visible. She will also place a copy of her office key on a random golf cart key ring.
On the day of the adventure, Christine will strip naked in her office. She will sneak out and lock the door behind her. Then she will walk down the maintenance hall and exit the back door, which will lock behind her. Sometime after 12pm, she will have to reach the 9th hole tee box and open the time release box to get the maintenance door key. She will then have to check the shack for the random cart key ring containing her office key. Finally she will have to sneak back in the maintenance door, down the hall, and back to her office undetected.
Christine wanted to push herself even further. For months she had been having nightmares over the blackmail program and it's emails. It was torture, true mental anguish. It was stressful and almost destroyed her. She hated it... And she couldn't wait to do it again. In true Christine fashion, she was going to do it again, with added risk.
While the ideas was fresh in her mind, she drafted an email directly to Dr. Piston, who has now caught her naked twice. The email includes details of all her past (and current) adventures as well as revealing naked pictures. The email begs for his discretion, willing to pay for it by allowing him to pick a future adventure.
To prevent this email from sending, Christine will have to enter two codes. She created a string of random letters and numbers. She writes them on two stickers, that have been perforated and will stick them to two separate trees facing two different greens. She will have to view these papers and memorize these codes. Then, when she gets back to her office, she will have one chance to enter the correct codes. If not correct, or if nothing is entered by 6pm, the email will send to Dr. Piston. Once the codes are submitted, her email and the program will be locked for 12 hours. She won't know if the entries were correct or if the email was sent.
Christine spends the week planning her escapade. She details everything in her diary. As she plans it, it keeps getting even more elaborate. She decides to add more obstacles. Through her research, she found the app 'Automate'. A little studying and she figured out how to code process flows. Her original plan went off the deep end and became incredibly elaborate. She couldn't wait to add more elements. With her new plan, she would be stuck outside until at least 12 noon, with her other escape somewhere randomly on the course. Risk of exposure will plague her throughout the day.
This adventure will need a lot of preparation and some supplies. She will need to order things and get creative putting them to use. She purchases:
- 1 small box with a time lock
- 25 camouflage, motion sensor cameras to place on various trees, the kind used in hunting and to track wildlife.
- 50 Bluetooth tracking beacons, the kind used to help locate lost keys, etc.
- 50 fake rocks that hold keys.
- 1 vibrating smart butt plug controlled by app on phone.
When the items arrive, she connects all the beacons to her phone and stores the beacons in the rocks. Rather than putting them out herself, Christine decides to randomize her adventure by giving all of the rocks and motion cameras to her front desk worker, John. She tells him that there were a few wildlife sighting complaints. She explains the rocks emit a frequency that deters animals and to monitor effectiveness, the cameras would capture any animal movement. She asks him to place them in the trees throughout the course, wherever he thought it would work.
She decides that her adventure will be in one month (another obstacle which might lead to her forgetting some of the actions) and puts in for the day off. It is now time to start coding. She starts designing some flows:
- If her phone connects to a Bluetooth rock (25 foot range), it will activate the butt plug app and set intensity to max, until she is out of range, with a minimum time of 2 minutes.
- Any incoming or outgoing calls will activate the butt plug.
- Any missed calls will upload a faceless naked photo to the Google Drive that houses the photos for the club member slideshow, which constantly runs on a small TV to the side of the bar.
- If her phone connects to another device, it will transmit, via NFC, a picture of her tits to the device. Her phone will constantly be in search mode. She won't know how many photos were sent.
- After every 5k steps, will set a timer for 20 minutes, after which an audible alarm will go off. To turn it off, Christine must say her own name.
- If no movement is detected for 2 minutes via location tracking, a faceless naked photo will be uploaded to the slide show.
- If she opens the camera app, notes app, email, or messaging, a naked photo with face gets uploaded to the slideshow. This will prevent her from writing down or taking a picture of the release codes.
- The video from the motion cameras are recorded and played on the security monitors in the security room. The doors will be left unlocked and ajar. If someone enters the room, they can see anytime Christine is caught on camera.
- If her phone connects to the Admin Office WiFi, the following actions will take place unless a code is submitted:
1. After every 15 minutes, a bondage photo shoot is uploaded to the slideshow.
2. After 45 minutes, a WiFi plug will turn on. A shredder is plugged into the outlet, which will start. Christine's outfit will be laying on top. This is locked in the closet and the closet unlocks after she enters a code. (There is an extra outfit in her drawer, a tight sheer tank top and booty shorts, one size too small.)
3. After one hour, the video compilation of her streaking is uploaded to a porn site, named with the golf course name and her initials.
Finally, it is almost the day off reckoning. At the end of the day before, she places a copy of her office key on a random golf cart key ring. She then asks Jess to empty the key drop sometime in the early afternoon. If the keys aren't used, then they will be hanging in the shack and she can retrieve them when the shack is empty. If the keys are in use, someone will be holding onto her key back to her clothes and she won't know who has them. If the keys were returned, they will be in the key drop and will be locked up until Jess completes her task.
Come judgment day, Christine arrives at the club early to be undetected. She immediately hides in her office. She meditates for a little while to gather her nerve. She strips naked in her office and places her clothes on the shredder. Christine decides to only bring her phone to track location, and distance. She found a way to block out the clock and much of the functionality. To restore it, she will have to plug her phone into the security computer. She pushes the butt plug inside her and activates the 'Automate' program. She slowly opens her door and peeks out. The building is empty. She sneaks out and closes the door behind her, locking her out. The click causes her to jump, sending shivers down her spine. She continues down to the maintenance hall. She sneaks to the back door and stops. She hesitates, hiding behind the door. This is it. With a deep breath, she goes through the door and lets it close behind her. She is now locked outside naked until the afternoon.
She makes a beeline run for the nearest bush. She runs from bush to bush until she is close to the tree line. She rushes into the trees and hides. Out of breath, she squats behind a tree. After watching her breath, she remembers about the 2 minute timer and immediately starts moving. She guesses she has been there more than 2 minutes and worries that a picture has already been uploaded. She walks through the tree line, trying to stay as close to the course as possible while continuing to move.
She starts to see people playing. She slows and hides behind bushes, being careful not to stay in the same spot more than 2 minutes. She watches as each golfer lines up their putt and sinks them. It is exciting watching these players completely naked, while they don't know she's there. She watches as they move on in the course. If only they looked this way. She continues walking and decides to up the excitement next time she sees golfers.
After a long hike, she finally sees another group playing. She walks the tree line until she is behind them. She gets low and sneaks out of the trees. She is now completely exposed to the world. She lays down to watch them. As the last of the group hits the ball, she crawls back to the trees. That was a rush, but as usual, she challenges herself to raise the stakes. She walks around, waiting for more golfers. Once the next group arrives and turns their backs, she reemerges from the trees. This time, she takes her phone and opens her camera. She stands up, turns her back and takes a naked selfie with the golfers in the background. She scurries back to the trees.
By this time, only an hour has passed. It's now 8am. Only 4 more hours before she can attempt to get back to safety. She continues the tree line to see what else she can do to play more games. While walking, she pictures herself running out of the tree line and exposing herself to the club. She's imagining all the things they would do to her. While lost in her thoughts, she is snapped back to reality with the sound of snapping sticks and cursing. She turns and starts running further into the trees. Suddenly she feels her butt plug vibrate, which sends her to her knees. She immediately ducks behind a bush. She peeks through and sees a golfer stomping around. She can hear him cursing and grumbling about finding his ball. She is terrified, all the while being tormented by her plug. Here she is, a couple feet away from being discovered completely naked, with no way to cover up.
Christine stays put, staying as quiet as possible. She needs him to find his ball quick before another photo goes in the slideshow and so she can get out of range and stop the vibrating. She waits, watching, hoping he doesn't come closer. "Gotcha." He exclaims. She watches him bend into a nearby bush and pull out his ball. He makes his way back out of the trees. When he leaves, she moves out of the Bluetooth range and over to where he was to look out. Here, she has a clear sight of the course. She watches as he backtracks to where he started, to reshoot his unplayable ball. She paces around the bushes all the while continuing to watch the golfers. She is now all worked up and loses herself to her fantasies and begins touching herself. She is really lost in her own world when another ball comes into the trees not 10 feet from her. She stops and looks out. She can see the golfer, in the distance, walking towards the trees. She guesses it will take him some time.
She finds the golf ball and decides to have fun. She wipes the dirt off of it and rubs it against her pussy. She slowly pushes it inside her. She then pushes it out and places it down in a clear area. She backtracks to a safe distance and watches for the golfer. She sees him looking around and quickly find his ball. She sees him line up his shot and hit it out of the woods. She was hoping he would pick it up and carry it but nevertheless, he has a secret memento.
She continues in the woods. A little bit of traveling goes by when all of a sudden her alarm starts blaring. She's hitting every button but nothing is happening. She remembers the rule and whispers her name but nothing changes. She says it louder and louder until finally it turns off she will have to match the volume of the alarm. She looks around but it doesn't appear that she was noticed.
The next thing Christine sees is the statue that she once imitated. She immediately gets turned on thinking about it. She looks around and sees nobody around, so she runs out to relive the memory of her adventure. She gives it a little kiss, hops down, then runs back to the trees. She wanders the woods for another couple hours. Her plug goes off several more times. She also occasionally stops to watch golfers. The alarm goes off a couple times as well, but each time she was able to loudly says her name to turn it off without being caught.
She decides to move towards the key and starts heading towards the 9th hole. As Christine travels, the wooded area becomes thinner and thinner. She now has golfers on both sides of her. Up ahead, the trees are so thin and scarce until they stop ahead of a cart path, followed by fairway. It is a good distance until the next tree line, which starts out pretty thin.
Christine was so focused on the setup, keys, and thrill, she completely forgot about the cart paths on the golf course. She immediately feels panic. She watches each side carefully for a break in the action. She slowly moves closer to the opening, carefully hiding behind each tree. She is now between 2 trees, with almost no cover ahead of her before the clearing. She waits for the next cart. As they pass, she makes a run for it. She passes over the path, watching the cart the whole time. She keeps watching while running onto the fairway. Thinking she's clear, the ground gives way and she falls head first as the ground dips, letting out an 'Oomph'. The dirt sticks to her sweaty body and the wind is knocked out of her. She crawls out and hears golfers calling out. She has to move now. She runs the rest of the way and slides into the tree line. She continues into the dense trees until feeling safe, believing that she was spotted.
Christine hides behind a bush for a short rest, coming down from what just happened. Trying to stay under two minutes, she continues her journey. She approaches the 9th hole and there are golfers there. Christine immediately regrets putting the box on the tree next to the tee box. Why couldn't she just leave it in the tree line. She waits for the golfers to tee off, but there are other golfers waiting right behind them. As she's waiting, one golfer proclaims he's going to 'take a leak' and walks to the trees towards her. This caught her off guard and she stumbles back and falls while trying to retreat. He is quickly approaching so she rolls behind a thick bush to hide.
She lays flat and right up against the bush, hoping that he doesn't find her. She hears him whistling and unzipping. He must be so close. She can hear him starting to pee, with the sound of his stream bouncing off what most be a rock. He's shouting back to his group and as he does, the splash bounces into the bush in her direction and hits her. She's humiliated. He's essentially peeing on her and she can't get away from it. Even worse, it is taking so long that she knows another picture has been uploaded. Finally he zips up and walks back to the course. She is sick and wants to vomit. She just wants to get the key and get out of this.
She paces around, wiping herself off with every leaf she can find. Finally the last golfer tees off. There is a break before the next group, so she runs out and checks the tree. The box is still at the base of the tree, concealed by the large rocks. She opens the box and takes out the key. It worked! She grabs the key and races back to the trees. Now she just has to get to the codes to memorize them, and then to the shack and hope her office key is there. She rushes through the woods and approaches the clearing. She waits for golfers to pass and makes a run for it, avoiding the crater this time.
This time she heads the other direction to get the codes. Why did she have to spread them out across the whole course. While walking, the plug goes off again, along with her alarm. She doubles over and struggles to get her name out. She yells her name finally and it stops. She listens and hears chatter so she stays still, low and hidden. After some time, she doesn't see or hear anyone approaching, so she works to keep moving. The vibrations are intense and she's now so worked up.
She makes her way to the tree with the first code. As she approaches the tree, again her plug vibrates. She again curses herself for making a random string of letters numbers. She will have to endure this vibration while memorizing the code. She thinks about taking a photo, but remembers that if she does, it will upload a face revealing photo. At that moment she remembers taking a photo with the golfers in the background. 'Shit'. She screwed herself and a picture of her naked, showing her face has been up in the bar since the beginning of her adventure. She needs to get this done. She does her best to remember the code, also realizing it's been longer than 2 minutes.
Christine weighs her options of what is worse... Taking a picture and having another revealing naked picture shown to whoever is at the bar, working to memorize this code with anonymous naked photos being uploaded and the plug having its way with her, or giving up on it and having the email sent to Dr. Piston. She decides to keep viewing the code and trying to recite it with her eyes closed. It must be 10 minutes that she's at the spot. She's doubled over and on the verge of orgasm. She believes that her ass and tits are now readily on display for the club, but she thinks she finally has the code. Christine makes her way to the second tree. This time there is no vibrations, but there is a camera right below the code. To see the code, she'll have to be on camera. It takes another couple minutes, but she works to recite both of them.
She moves on and back towards the club house. She gets hit with vibrations again, which she expected backtracking through the zone. She wishes she could embrace this and cum, but she needs to get this over with.
Christine hurries through the woods all the way back to where she started. There is a long way between the trees and the shack, so she has to time it carefully. She also needs to figure out if her staff is in there or if it's empty. She doesn't want to risk walking up to the shack and being seen, so she makes the hard decision to call to find out. She knows calling will activate her plug. She decides she will call the front desk to *check in* and ask how it's going and where everyone is and if they need anything. She calls and John answers the phone. She asks how he is and how the day is going. She fights back her moans and whimpers as the plug does its thing. She asks about the other staff and where they are. Tim is in the pro shop, Meghan is currently tending bar and renting carts, and Jess went home sick.
When she hears that, she panics. "Wait, what?! When did Jess go home? Why didn't I know?" She asks. John told her that Jess tried calling her several times and left her a message. Christine looks at her phone and sees missed calls and a voicemail. She panics when she sees her phone was on silent. She must've changed it while trying to shut off the alarm. "Who has done her tasks? Who emptied the key drop?" She asked.
John responded that nobody has done it. Christine told him to do it now, but he started that he doesn't have the keys and Jess didn't drop them off. Jess must have accidentally taken the keys with her. He reassures that they've been monitoring the cart situation and there are still many carts available, so they should make it through the day. Christine is freaked out. If the cart with her key was rented and returned, she is screwed. She tells John to stay at the desk and page Meghan to come inside. She is to tape up the key drop and put a cardboard box below it with a sign to collect the keys. Have her hang out there for about 30 minutes to make sure people understand. 'Do it immediately' is her message. She hangs up and her head drops. The vibrating finally stops. She hopes that her keys are still hanging in the shack. She watches the shack, waiting for Meghan to leave.
About 5 minutes later, Megan closes the shack and goes inside. Christine waits for a clearing, then rushes to the shack. As she reaches the shack, her plug goes off again. She lets out a moan. 'Are you kidding me? He put one by the shack?' she thinks to herself. The door is locked. This can't go worse for her. She tries the window and is fortunately able to pry it open. Every second out here is time she is exposed. She pulls herself up and climbs in through the window. Finally, she is in. She checks the wall and looks at every key. None of them have her office key. She is scared now. What if her key is in the drop? She won't get it back and she'll be stuck out here overnight. Even worse, the email will definitely be sent and the photos will upload all through the night, crowding the slideshow with naked pictures. She closes the window and leaves through the door, locking up behind her. She runs back to the trees where the plug finally stops.
As she remains in hiding, she rethinks her plan. She will watch the club path and wait until a couple of carts are returned. Once clear, she'll sneak around the building and check the box. If it's not there, she'll run back and hide, waiting for more carts. She wanders around for 45 minutes, seeing Meghan return and 3 carts returned. She waits for a clear path before running into the open. She sneaks behind the shack to avoid Meghan's detection. She runs to the side of the club, working her way to the front. On the corner, she sees the cardboard box. She rushes up to it and looks inside. 3 cart keys, none with her key.
While sneaking back, she hears the whirring of a cart coming. It has cut off her exit. She looks around for a hiding spot but can't find anything. She runs over to the dumpster against the building and jumps inside. The smell is horrible and everything is wet. It is messy and gross and she is covered in it. She waits out the sounds and peeks out. Another cart comes and the two men start talking. They are not far away. She is stuck and there is nothing she could do but wait. She knows that every 2 minutes, another naked picture is uploaded. There must be so many photos now. She knows that people are definitely going to see these and starts trying to come up with an excuse. She will send out a memo apologizing, stating that the club's Google account was hacked. She'll explain that the financial and personal information is not stored there so therefore it is safe.
15 minutes goes by and they are still talking. The smell is rancid and she contemplates just jumping out. Finally, after another 10 minutes, the group disperses. On the bright side, 2 more carts came by during this time, so she'll have 4 more chances to find her key.
When the coast is clear, Christine pops out of the dumpster. She runs over to the box and peers in. There it is, her key, her freedom! She grabs it and runs around the building. She hugs the wall all the way back, hoping no carts come. On the other side, she sees a group by the shack getting drinks. She'll have to wait for them to finish. As they disperse, she runs behind the shack. Coming around, the plugs starts up again and she moans. The door opens. She immediately backtracks to the side, fully exposed to the course. She can see people in the distance, so she crouches down low. Meghan comes out, looking around and then walks towards the clubhouse. Christine sprints towards the trees. She hears a yell but keeps running. She makes it to the trees and ducks. She looks out and can see Meghan looking in her direction. She's been spotted by her own staff. She's so close to freedom, with both keys in her hand, but now she has to deal with this.
She tries to formulate a plan all the while watching Meghan's every move so she doesn't get snuck up on. She sees Meghan start heading back to the clubhouse. As she waits for her opportunity, her phone rings. The plug turns on while she frantically presses the buttons to silence it. Shit. She looks up, but nobody is around, luckily. She's being called from work. She backs further into the trees and answers the call. It's Meghan. She's calling to let Christine know that she thinks she saw a woman running naked on the course. She asks if she should call the police.
Christine laughs it off. "No need, it's harmless. It's probably just some girl who lost a bet or was dared to do it. No reason to ruin a young girl's future for a joke."
"Ok, I'll just log it as an incident report." Megan responds. Those reports get sent to the owner. Christine worries. If the owner follows up, he'll want to see the cameras, which will expose her. Christine left the cameras on so she could watch her ordeal and struggles later, and see how close she was to people.
"Let's not worry about that. I'll tell you what. I'll come in later and we'll discuss it. If you think it's severe, then we'll do an investigation. I just think it's funny that someone would do that. No reason to report someone for a funny joke. In the meantime, why don't you take a long break and shake it off. Hang out in the lounge or something. I'll call you when I get there." Meghan agreed. Christine finally hung up and stopped the vibrating plug. She's so worked up she can barely think straight. She forgot to move during that call, so she knows other photos got uploaded.
Christine monitors the area. She doesn't see anyone and with the shack now closed up, she should have a safer path. She emerges from the tree line and hops from bush to bush, the same way she came out. She is now mere feet from her escape. She makes a break for the door and tries the key. It opens. She jumps inside and catches her breath. She knows she now has 15 minutes before her bondage photos start getting uploaded. She tiptoes down the hall and looks into the main area. John is at the desk and he's alone. She needs to get him away, but how. She sighs, knowing what she has to put herself through. She calls the main desk and asks him to check on the shack, since Meghan reported she's on break. She keeps the call quick since she can't take anymore of the plug without wanting to cum. She hangs up and watches. She sees John get up and grab his stuff. Instead of heading out the main hall, he starts heading to the maintenance hall. Now Christine has to scramble. She runs down the hall and tries the maintenance room, but it's locked. She's going to have to run back outside. She quickly sneaks out the door and closes it behind her. She runs back to the first bush and hides.
'This is so frustrating. I was inside, so close. I just need to get to my office.' Christine watches as John comes out of the door and heads to the shack. This isn't good. At the shack, he will be able to see the door and watch her escape. As he moseys over to the shack, Christine sprints back to the door while his back is turned. She fumbles with the key and hurries in. She runs down the hall and stops at the end. She peers out to see nobody. She runs to her office and unlocks the door. She jumps inside and shuts it behind her. Finally, it's almost over.
She sits at her computer immediately to try to enter the code. She wants to get her clothes, take down pictures, and stop the email. She tries to remember the codes but struggles. She racks her brain. She can't fail this one. She paces around the room, trying to recite the codes as she did in the course. She's guessing the time has to be somewhat close to shedding her clothes. She regrets not taking pictures of the codes and risking two exposed pictures on the slideshow. There is already one up there, so what's two more. While thinking, she is jotting down the numbers and letters to try to remember. She is so nervous. She finally thinks of a cadence that sounds familiar. She types the first one in, then the second. Her computer immediately locks and the closet opens.
She won't know if they were correct until tomorrow. She runs over to the closet, but finds the clothes are already shredded. She is shocked. She doesn't believe it's been an hour and starts crying. She pulls herself together and finally removes the butt plug. She takes the extra clothes out of her drawer and squeezes into them. She's so embarrassed wearing them and she's alone. She can't imagine running into people in these. Her nipples are somewhat visible through her shirt and her shorts barely fit. She has a camel toe and the shirts do a poor job covering her ass. Why does she do this to herself?
Now that the ordeal is over, she takes the actions to stop the programming. She walks to the security room, passing 2 golfers finishing up for the day. Their jaws drop but she keeps walking. She ducks into the open door and shuts it behind her. She can only hope nobody went in. Christine plugs her phone into the computer, which stops the programs and gives back her phone functionality. She remembers the self bondage pictures and realizes that they just all be uploaded. She stops the slideshow and downloads all pictures to a drive. Previously, she cloned the original folder containing the club pictures. She reconnects that folder and starts that one back up. She wants to view all photos of her that were made available to the club.
She wants to know why her clothes were shredded so she checks her router information. She checks her connection history and every time a connection was made. She sees a connection from about an hour before she entered the building. She pulls up the security cameras and tracks her adventure. She follows herself to the side of the building and the connection time matched with her jumping in the dumpster.
'Fuck. Not only was it gross, but it destroyed my clothes.' Then she remembers the video upload. She finds it online and it already has 1000 views. Based on her settings, she won't be able to take it down for a week.
All of this humiliation was messing with her head. She couldn't bring herself to get out of her chair. To make matters worse, she still needed to walk to the other side of the club, through the main lobby, dining area, bar, and lounge, to meet with Meghan. She was heading there, but decided to stop in the bathroom to freshen up first. When she saw herself in the mirror, her jaw dropped. She turned bright red realizing that 2 people saw her already. Her hair had dirt, leaves, and garbage bits in it. She could also smell herself. She used the sink to clean herself up. She used soap to cover the smell and she combed everything out of her hair.
When she thought she looked presentable, she went to find Meghan. The walk through the club was humiliating. While she normally dressed in proper attire (albeit lacking underwear), she was now in revealing clothes. The stares from the members were piercing. She was showing off more than she wanted and felt naked, funny since she spent the whole morning running around naked and had naked photos on view. She tried to avoid any conversations and sped walk to the break room.
Reaching the break room, Christine sat down across from Megan and asked her how she was. They talked about what she saw. Meghan described the naked woman running behind the shack into the trees. Again Christine explained how it was probably just a dare or a bet and that it wasn't any reason to get someone in trouble, just a girl having some harmless fun. She stated it would look bad on the club if they got police involvement and if the owner was brought in, it might cause a ruckus.
Meghan was leery but after further conversation, agreed to not pursue it further. As Christine walked away, Meghan coughed and spoke up. "I now understand why you want to keep it quiet. Was it fun?".
"What do you mean?" Christine asked.
"Well, I mean, I see the scratches on your legs, and your dirty feet. Also, there are leaves in the back of your hair. Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. I'll pretend this didn't happen. But was it fun?"
Christine turned bright red and stuttered. She was tripping over her words, without actually saying anything. She couldn't get the words out to deny it. Finally she just stopped. She was so embarrassed and with a nervous smile she nodded and thanked Meghan for her silence. She walked out knowing she was caught doing another adventure.
She went back to her office and it all sank in. It hit her like a ton of bricks. She can't believe what happened today:
Golfers saw her naked streaking.
Her naked photos were posted on the slideshow.
At least one naked photo showed her face.
Pictures of her tits may have been sent to random people's phones.
Her worker saw her and knows about her escapade.
She may be sending an email to Dr Piston essentially giving him all her photos, her journal, and allowing him to choose her next adventure.
She had to walk through the club in a slutty, revealing outfit.
She was covered in garbage.
She got pee splashed on her.
She now has a revealing video on a porn site.
Before she went home, she had to know what people saw. She popped the flash drive into her computer and started flipping through the pictures. She went to the new photos and very early on, a picture of her showing her face and tits popped on the screen. Continuing though were a lot of lewd pics without face: bent over, flashing tits, spread legs, touching herself, fingers inside her, using dildos, sticking things in her ass, and many more. She checked the time stamps of the uploads for the pictures and some of these were up for hours.
Then she came upon the bondage photos. She was tied up in numerous ways, with and without toys. These were pics taken over several different instances. But on one of the series, there was a mirror behind her. It showed off half her face when she was turned away. If these were up for some time, it would be possible to identify her.
She was mortified. She wanted to scream, to cry, to crawl into a hole forever, but all the while she was touching herself. She couldn't understand how she could get off on such humiliation, but she was hornier than ever. She brought herself to orgasm. She had one more thing to do before her day was over. She drafted an email to the club about the slideshow.
The email stated that the club was made aware of lewd photos displayed on the clubhouse slideshow. It has been determined that this is for to a having if the Google drive account. The club is fully investigating this action. The club has already taken security precautions for security and assured that no information was stolen. The Google drive only contained event photos. Member information and financial records are maintained in a different, secure system and no hacking attempt was made on this.
Christine hoped this would downplay the event and help it go away without any suspicion. She sent the email and just sat in her office staring into the abyss before finally packing up to go home. It was a long, exhausting day. The worst part was that she didn't know if the email to Dr. Piston sent. She didn't know what she was walking into tomorrow.