Trip to Greece
The holiday started in typical fashion, lazy days on the beach, an afternoon sleep followed by a shower then a slow wander down to one of the many beach bars and tavernas for some local cuisine.
Stifado and Kleftiko had been my favourites so far, but a few Greek salads also to try and keep my figure in shape. The Greek local food was delicious, but rich and full of calories.
I had been wearing swimming costumes rather than bikinis and it was going to stay that way if I didn't cut down on the rich food a little.
It was the second time I had gone on a holiday on my own. Without a boyfriend at the time, and not able to travel at the time my girlfriends had gone away, I booked a last-minute week away and had plans to relax, read, get a nice suntan, and being away from home alone: I also had some plans to play.
My love of exhibitionism and older men was often on my mind but sunbathing on the beaches only brought the attention of the young beach bed and time share sellers.
In the evening it was often European holiday makers, especially British, that would seek my attention, all of whom however were way out of the age bracket I was interested in.
So, my first encounter was unplanned and unexpected. As ever, when an opportunity presents itself, I have learned to go with it rather than think a little too much about it and maybe lose the moment.
It had been a while since my last encounter with an older man at the swimming pool changing room back in my home town, but that is a story for another time.
I had decided to try a more secluded beach and feeling horny after waking up and enjoying a little play in the shower, I chose my new yellow bikini.
The top was low cut and when wet almost sheer. The bottoms left very little to the imagination. A tiny triangle patch of material covering my waxed bikini line with two high straps over the hips culminating in a thong finish, almost a G String.
After a morning relaxing on the beach I was feeling a little hungry. Using a blue sarong to cover myself, I drove up to the nearest village. Crete was a popular island, but there were still many villages where there were few inhabitants and at lunchtime could be very quiet.
I parked the car and took my purse and bottle of water with me to take a look around the small trinket shops before deciding on a restaurant.
The restaurants in the square all looked nice but I chose a small alleyway which led to more alleyways and eventually found a small restaurant that was quiet but open for business.
I ordered a salad and a small glass of rose wine. The waiters were giggling in the background as they discussed this new young British lady in their restaurant. I decided I would help their day a little. I stood up and undid my sarong, to readjust it and retie it. In doing so, I gave a full flash of my thong bikini to all their delight.
However, in doing so I also dropped a glass of water over my sarong, I was soaked!!
A little annoyed with myself, I paid the bill to the smiling waiters and made my way out to find a shop where I might find a new sarong or two.
A couple of streets away I saw a small boutique store selling clothes. The door was closed and as I opened it a bell rang to notify the shop owner that they had a new customer. A short man in his late 60's came to the door and greeted me. He seemed very friendly and was dressed very smartly.
His English was good, and he asked me how he could help me. I told him what had happened and that I was looking for a new sarong, so he led me to a rack where there were several sarongs. All different colours and styles, perfect for me.
I asked if there wa a changing room where I could some on, and he looked at m a little strangely, wondering why I needed a changing room to try a sarong on.
I explained I only had a small bikini on to which he told me he would ensure no other customers came in. He went to the door and turned the signed to closed.
As he did this, I felt a surge of pleasure run through me. Here I was, in a small shop with a strange old man who has just locked the door to keep me inside - and I was about to show him my tiny thong.
I waited for him to return to tell me the door was closed, he reassured me that no one would see me try on the sarongs.
I undid my sarong and holding it in my left hand let it fall away from my body, revealing my thong to him. I looked to see his reaction, but he was purposely and respectfully looking the other way. That was not what I wanted!
I tried on an orange one and asked him how it looked. He told me I looked beautiful and as he was admiring me, I quickly undid the bow to let the sarong fall revealing my bikini to him. He put his hands up to apologise for seeing me in my bikini. To relax him, I decided to ask him if he liked my bikini.
He told me it looked beautiful and again apologised for looking at my body. I reassured him that it was fine with me and that if no one else could come in, if he didn't mind, I would like his opinion.
I tried a couple more and each time ensured he got a good glance at my body. Front and back views.
Each time he told me how good they looked on me and that they accentuated my body. As I tried them on, I brushed my breasts and bra so he could get a glimpse of my cleavage. I also bent over a little, so he got a good look at my ass, he seemed to be pleased at what he saw.
I eventually settled on a blue and an orange sarong, and he told me that they were €10 each, but if I let him touch me I could have them for half price.
I took €10 out of my small bag and suggested that this was what I now owed him As I did so I undid my sarong and let it fall to the floor, I bent over and put my hand on my hip and asked him if this was where he would like to touch me.
At this invitation, his mood seemed to change as he seized his opportunity and he became extremely aroused.
He grabbed my ass with both hands and kneaded my cheeks, dropping to his knees and kissing and sucking on my ass cheeks. His enthusiasm took me by surprise, and I moved away to tell him to slow down, he saw this as me trying to escape and he grabbed me and told me I could not leave and that I was teasing him too much.
I tried to tell him that it was OK, and he was very welcome to touch me but it got lost a little in translation and he was sure I was trying to leave the shop.
He had both arms around me and started to put his hand down my bikini panties, hew swung me around and pulling my thong to one side held me against the counter while undoing his belt to take his cock out of his pants.
I played along so that he could feel he was having his way with me, I felt his cock push inside me, I was by now wet and he slid in easily. I hoped noticing this would stop him from thinking he had to force me, but he carried on holding me tight and fucking me thinking I was trying to escape.
His cock felt good inside me. I pulled down my bikini top and squeezed my breasts to show him I was enjoying it, but he kept frantically pushing me and holding me in place while fucking me like his life depended on it.
At this point the bell on the door rang, not once but three or four times and he stopped and quickly got dressed, telling me to stay in the clothes racks and wait for him to return. He told me not to make a sound.
When he opened the door, it was a friend of his who had come to check he was OK as it was unlike him to lock the door at lunchtime. He suggested they go for a coffee. He tried to make his excuses, but his friend was adamant. He simply could not get rid of him.
I seized my opportunity and appeared from the racks and thanked him for letting me see the clothes. I left the agreed €10 euro on the counter and made to leave the store.
His friend was a similar age but a much bigger man with a bald head and quite round. He smiled at me and was a little unsure of what might have been happening before he arrived.
Reluctantly the shopkeeper took the €10 and thanked me expecting me to leave the shop. He looked disappointed that his friend had ruined his chance.
Taking my opportunity, I suggested that I didn't have to leave and that he could lock the door again if he liked. The new friend Antonio was now very suspicious about what had been going on but liked the idea and said that he thought this was a good idea that I stayed. I told him that the shopkeeper was kindly allowing me to try on some sarongs. They asked me to excuse them for a second and I guess the shopkeeper explained the situation in private.
As they made their way back to me I made my intentions clear.
I undid my sarong and bent over the counter, ''Where were we?'' I said to the shopkeeper as I pulled a bikini strap down revealing one of my breasts.
I now had both of their attention and they walked over to me smiling and began to grope my body all over. I was helped out of my bikini and the shopkeeper returned to his position behind me, now operating a little slower as he knew I was there to be ravaged.
As his friend Antonio watched me being fucked by his shopkeeper friend, he undid his zip and slowly played with his cock as he played with my breasts.
''Come and suck this.'' he said, beckoning me down to his hard cock, a lot larger and fatter than his friends.
Taking both balls in my right hand I slowly caressed them and took his cock deep in my mouth. I sucked him slowly as he thrusted his cock in and out of my mouth, moaning in pleasure as I took him deep and played with his balls.
The shopkeeper was now fucking me faster and faster and soon let out a yelp. I told him not to cum inside me, but I got there too late. He continued to thrust in and out of me and he filled my pussy with his cum.
He squeezed my ass cheeks as his thrusting slowed and he squeezed the last drops of cum out of his cock into my pussy.
Unexpectedly, while enjoying this sensation and the hard cock in and out of my mouth, a jet of warm cum covered my tongue as Antonio now bucked and arched letting out a lustful groan.
More cum dashed across my tongue as I swallowed to make room for more powerful spurts.
As I took him out of my mouth, I felt another splash across my lips so opened my mouth for his cock to deliver another two or three spurts. This guy was a cum machine, and I intended to take it all.
We adjusted our clothing and taking my two new sarongs, the shopkeeper unlocked the door and we said our goodbyes and I headed to my car.
Two sarongs at half price and two unexpected cocks after a nice light lunch. The perfect start to the day. As I sat in my car, I put my old sarong on the Car seat, water and cum stained, I was going to need my two new replacements.
I looked in the mirror as I started the car to pull away. I noticed a small blob of cum on my face just below my bottom lip. Using my finger I teased it into my mouth, savouring the taste of Antonio's cum as I drove back to my Hotel.