Disclaimer: I don't own Star Wars and this is meant to be a parody. It is in no way an accurate depiction of the Star Wars Universe. Enjoy. All characters are over 18.
*****
Jilijoo unzipped the human smuggler's trousers and leaned in for a whorish, dissolute kiss. He returned the favor and stroked one of her head tails as he helped her pull down his pants. She gave him a wicked, impish smile as she felt his meaty cock flick skyward and slap against his well muscled abdomen.
She bit her lip as she beheld the girthy length that was illuminated by the alley's neon lights. She crouched down and got an eye-level look at her client's cock. She hummed appreciatively and grabbed it firmly.
"Get to work, worm head." He said sharply. "I'm not paying you to gawk." He thrust his cock against her lips and she giggled.
"Yes, sir." She said obediently, she opened her mouth and took his head into her mouth. The smuggler groans, like he just had a load taken off his chest. Jilijoo forces more of his cock down her throat enthusiastically and starts bobbing back and forth.
"Oh, shit!" The smuggler cursed. He took hold of Jilijoo's alabaster head tails and used them to force himself further into her throat. "That's it darling! Choke on my cock!"
The Twi'lek harlot obeyed and forced him far enough into her throat to make her gag loudly. The smuggler lets go of one of her head tails and pinches her nostrils shut.
Jilijoo started to get light-headed from the lack of oxygen, she gagged loudly again and a torrent of frothy spit flew from her gaping mouth and splashed against the man's pelvis. He lets her retreat off his turgid shaft and she takes a long, labored breath.
She coughed and hiccuped as she tried to get her breath back. The smuggler rubs his cock on her face and gently slaps her on the cheek. "Suck my balls, worm head." He ordered.
"Yes, sir." She replied obediently. She started stroking his cock head with one hand and with the other she started rolling the smuggler's heavy balls in her palm.
"Use your mouth."
Jilijoo leaned into his musky sack started to polish his bloated balls. She licked them reverently, making sure to get each and every fold in the spongy skin.
"That's it darlin'. Keep doin what yer doin." His words were strained. Jilijoo started stroking him faster and moved on to sucking on his balls, she was going to milk every credit and drop of cum out of this guy.
"Oh fuck, girl! Stop, stop!" He cried. "Open your mouth!"
She obeyed and opened her mouth as much as she could and put her hands under her chin to catch any droplets of his cum. "Give me that big load, baby!" She goaded him on. "Paint my slutty face with your tasty seed!"
"Ah, shit!" He cried. He shot a thick rope of cum onto her face, it hit her in the eye and splashed across her nose; the next rope went long and blasted her left head tail; the third rope shot directly down her throat and made her gag; less than a second later his fourth shot rocketed out and hit her just beneath her nose, splashing upward into her nostrils; the fifth shot dribbled onto her waiting hands; the final shot painted her chin and lower lip.
She was a soupy mess and the feeling of the cum dripping down her head tail tickled and and made her giggle. "You trying to kill me, ulwan?" She asked with a wide smile.
"Sorry, darlin'." He replied, stroking his lurching meat. "Stand up, I want to get some of that tight, pale pussy."
"It's your credit account." Jilijoo stood up and leaned up against the opposite wall of the alleyway that belonged to a family-owned cafe.
The smuggler stepped up behind her and tore off her skimpy, fishnet bikini. He reached around and grabbed one of her massive tits in one hand and started groping her shelf-like ass with the other. "Fuck, girl. You were made for this." He said.
"I consider them business investments." She replied with a smile.
The smuggler lined up his cock with the Twi'lek's plump pussy. "Smart move." He punctuated his comment with a sharp thrust forward.
Jilijoo squeaks loudly at the sudden intrusion.
"Shit, girl! You're the tightest I've ever been in!" He cried out, bucking wildly into his whore. He spanked her thick ass with every few erratic thrusts.
"Nar Shaddaa's a competitive world, no one can afford to be second best!" She bragged. "Oh fuck, baby! Give me that big human cock!"
The smuggler picks up speed and the sound of the slapping of flesh echoed in the alleyway. A passerby must've heard the two because there was an appreciative whistle and a hoot. "Yeah, fuck that Tail Head!"
The smuggler took her thin waist in his hand and made her face the gawker. Her huge, pale tits shook wildly with each powerful thrust. She started to blush a little as she got even more aroused by the fact that they'd been caught in such a compromising position.
The gawker, called out to some other pedestrians and soon there was a crowd of individuals ranging from humans to Gand to Twi'leks an Rodians all watching and commenting on the scene.
"Oh, fuck! I'm fucking CUMMING!" Jilijoo cried. Her eyes crossed, her mouth shot agape, and her knees buckled from the force of the climax. Her juices started to run down her leg like an obscene waterfall.
"I'm getting close, baby." The smuggler whispers. "Let's give these people something to talk about."
"Yes, baby." She replied weakly.
The smuggler pulls out of her and turns her around. He picks her up and places her on his cock; she wraps her legs around him and he starts bouncing her up and down on his bucking pole.
"Fuck yes, baby!" Jilijoo shrieked. "Give me that hot load of human cum! Fill me up in front of all these perverts!"
The smuggler kissed his fuckdoll and firmly grasped her head tails; his cock was throbbing madly.
"I'm gonna cum again, baby!" She cried. Jilijoo bit her lip and groaned loudly. "Oh, fuck! Fucking fuck!"
She came for a second time and shook violently. "Good girl. Good girl." The smuggler said quietly, whispering to his whore. "Let's get you to do that one more time."
Jilijoo shivered, her eyesight was going dark from the overstimulation. She wasn't sure she could take another climax like the last two.
The smuggler leans the Twi'lek up against the cafe's alley wall. The hooting and hollering of the crowd was growing as more people joined the audience. Despite the cool nighttime air, Jilijoo was getting hotter and hotter and was getting a little light headed; she needed to cool down a little and decided to jerk off her client.
"Shit, baby! Keep that up!" The smuggler barked. His cock bucked wildly and jerked out of Jilijoo's hand. "Turn around, baby, I'm gonna fuck that sweet, thick ass of yours!"
Jilijoo gulped loudly. She'd never done anal before, but always kept clean in case a client asked. There's a first for everything, I guess. She thought to herself; she turned around and spread her thick, jiggling asscheeks so she could present her puckered orifice.
"That looks tight." He said absentmindedly. Without any warning he forced his cock into her tiny hole. "And I thought your pussy was tight! Fuck, woman!"
Jilijoo was too delirious to respond, she'd lost any and all feeling in her legs but her asshole felt like it was on fire. She clamped a hand over her mouth and breathed her way through the fiery pain. Each thrust sent a new spike of pain up her spine and she could feel her muscles tiring.
"Please, slow down." She whimpered meekly. A tear ran down her cheek "Your cock is too big, baby."
"I'm not paying you to tell me what to do, worm head! Shut the fuck up and take it!" He started fucking her harder and harder.
Jilijoo started to feel some ecstasy in the searing pain. She turned around and looked at her client. She snarled at him, "I told you to slow down, fucker!" The smuggler violently grabbed her head tails, the sensitive tendrils shoot pain directly to her brain. "Fuck!"
"Are you fucking serious?" He said mockingly. "I'm not gonna slow down, this ass feels too good." He slams into with vicious intent, renewed by her defiance.
Jilijoo screamed in sexual rapture as she felt his inflamed appendage ravage her tight muscle ring. Her third climax was getting extremely close and she started to tremble. "I'm so close, baby! I'm gonna cum from getting fuck in the ass!"
The smuggler started to lose his composure as he thrust into her with reckless abandon, he started panting loudly and slapping her pale ass. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum!" He shouted. He pulled out of her ass and started fucking her asscheeks.
"Fuck!" He cried. A torrent of pent up cum exploded onto her ass: the first rope completely covered her ass; the second landed on her upper back, the third rope reached her neck and splattered on her head tails; then his cock sent out a final hurrah and shot a pencil-thick rope over her head splashed on the cafe wall.
An applause went up from the crowd of onlookers, the smuggler gathered up his discarded clothing and tossed some credits at the harlot. "Thanks, slut." He struts out of the alleyway stark naked.
Jilijoo gathers up her torn, fishnet bikini and the loose credits. She looked over to the crows and saw that they were all jerking off, she smiled at them and sighed. "Come 'ere boys, let's get this over with."
The crowd of horny males gathered around her and began squirting their loads all over the pale, Twi'lek beauty. By the end of the night Jilijoo had serviced nearly twenty members of different species and was a rainbow of different hues of jizm. This was only her first adventure though of many more to come.