Author's Note: This continues the journey of a man and a woman in their fifties trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous stories, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean proved life-changing - and marriage saving.
This is a story about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. In Chapter 2 a woman discovers that teasing is enjoyable and has unexpected benefits. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
**************************************************
Susan Gets Braver on a Nude Beach
Edward and Susan had been going to Plaka Beach on the Greek Island of Naxos for two straight days. In fact, it was Susan who loved that beach so much she surprisingly insisted that they forgo other sightseeing on the Island. They both loved the blue-green color of the sea contrasting with the white sand and blue skies. They loved that little seaside tavernas were a short walk away, perfect to grab a cold drink or a fantastic lunch. They loved how friendly the people were. And they loved taking long walks on the beach together, wearing nothing but sunglasses. The setting was both idyllic and erotic.
Once they reached their spot on the beach, they remained naked the entire time. Only when they walked off the beach to go to a taverna for lunch or a drink did Susan put her bikini on and Edward pull on his board shorts.
And Edward loved how his normally shy, conservative wife had become so comfortable being nude in front of others. While he enjoyed checking out the other nude women on the beach, the woman he loved to check out most was his wife. But he also loved watching others watch his wife. He loved the thrill and sensations he experienced showing off his wife.
And he was convinced Susan enjoyed the attention she was getting. He wondered what attention she would garner should she take a walk on the beach alone. But so far, Susan did not even consider going anywhere without Edward.
After a day at the beach, they would return to the hotel to rest before getting cleaned up to go out for the night. Truth was, they could not wait to get back to their bed to have sex. After a short nap, they would watch the great Naxian sunset from the balcony of their hotel and then shower and get dressed for a night out.
The first night, they went out to a nice restaurant in town. As they waited for their table, Edward saw the German couple that was next to them on the beach earlier in the day. It was odd seeing people you just saw naked now fully dressed. The man was dressed conservatively in a button down shirt and long pants. The woman, however, was dressed much more provocatively with a short dress and a sort of halter top that displayed significant, but tasteful "side-boob". Clearly she was not wearing a bra.
Edward wondered how Susan would react to seeing someone who had seen them totally naked just hours earlier. Being nude at the beach was one thing, but seeing people she saw nude, and that saw her nude, outside of the "safety" of the beach was profoundly different.
The hostess came over and guided them to their table, close to the other couple. As they were seated, Susan's eyes finally made contact with the German couple, at which point the man waved and extended greetings in English. Susan stared momentarily, then smiled and acknowledged them sheepishly. Then she carried on a short conversation about where they were staying, good dining places, etc. Susan also complemented the woman on her dress. Susan's reaction let Edward know that Susan was not at all bothered by this situation.
After our second day on the beach, Susan, evidently taking a cue from the night before, dressed much more sexy for their night out. Her short dress bared much of her shoulders and back. Under it she decided not to wear a bra or panties. Edward loved when she dressed like that in public; he loved to show off his beautiful hot wife. He wondered if she chose not wear any panties for his benefit, or her own. They saw their beach friends in town at the restaurant they dined and at the club they stopped in later that night. Susan was way more comfortable on this night.
Edward found it interesting that after each day at the beach Susan insisted they return the next day foregoing their preplanned sightseeing excursions on the island.
Plaka Beach was a 20 minute bus ride from the bus collecting point in Naxos Town. The bus arrived and was soon filled with people. Most appeared headed to the beach. The bus passed through another town and a couple other beaches, then a flat marsh area, finally making the turn along the road that runs parallel to Plaka Beach. The bus stopped a few times along the way and fellow beach-goers got off the bus. Finally, there was one stop left. Susan was intrigued by this part of the journey. From the past two days, Susan knew the last stop, where the bus turned around for the return to Naxos Town, was the stop where the beach was "clothing optional".
She looked around and sized up the remaining passengers, wondering who she will be seeing nude soon. One fellow, who she remembered seeing the day before, had been rather blatantly staring at her. She saw him nod and smile -- almost knowing that he would soon reap the benefit of seeing her naked.
At the last stop, the remaining ten people got off. Plaka was a beautiful beach with wide, flat, and clean sand. The water was a beautiful blue-green and calm. A short walk up the beach brought you to several wonderful little beach side tavernas. It was, for them, their little Greek paradise.
As they walked over the dunes and turned left, Susan and Edward had about a 5 minute walk to what they now considered "their spot". Along the way, they first passed some bathers with suits on, and then arrived at the area where all the men were nude and the women were either sunbathing topless or were completely nude. They got to their spot and Edward put down the blanket. Then standing, Edward quickly shed his board shorts and tossed them onto the corner of the blanket.
Susan looked around. It seemed the same people came and set up in the same area every day. There were still more men then women on the beach, but there were many couples ranging in age from the 20's to 60's. All were very tan; a sure sign that they were no stranger to clothes-free sunbathing.
She recognized the mature German couple who seemed to set up next them every day. The German woman was a petite blonde with a very nice body. She had a completely shaven pussy that she had on full display as she often sunbathed with her legs spread. Susan saw her watching every move and nodded to Susan, extending greetings. The very cute, sexy French couple in front of them also waved and said hello. This was not unusual. Everyone seemed very close friends after seeing each other fully naked over the past few days, even though very few words were spoken due to the language barrier.
Susan reached around and, now almost casually by habit, slipped off her bikini top while exchanging pleasantries with her neighbors. Susan's wonderful tits were now again being kissed by the Greek sun. Then with her thumbs on each side, she slid off her bikini bottoms. Edward loved watching this part. He was thrilled that Susan had become so confident with her body in front of others and so comfortable on this nude beach. And because she had been sunbathing nude for the last two days, her tan was deepening and any semblance of tan lines was fast disappearing.
After she pulled down her bikini bottoms, Susan knelt down on the blanket, got on all fours, and folded her bikini neatly and placed it in the beach bag.
As she looked thru the beach bag for sunscreen and a hair clip, Edward looked around and sure enough she had the attention of the French guy in front of them. A little further two guys stopped on the waterline and were watching her "from behind". He was sure Susan was giving quite a view of her ass and pussy. Susan took her time looking thru the beach bag as her ass swung ever so slightly from side to side. Edward wondered if Susan was doing this on purpose, prolonging the task at hand. Susan glanced up at Edward but said nothing. Edward smiled at her. He noticed his erection growing.
There were far more people on the beach today. Edward loved how comfortable Susan had become being completely naked on a public beach, with others just a few yards away. And her confidence attracted even more attention from other men. There were more than a few glances here & there; more like outright stares. Still Susan did not cover herself. Maybe Susan was a bit of an exhibitionist at heart.
After all, the first time he noticed Susan more than 35 years ago, and the only reason he noticed her, was because of what she wore....or didn't wear. He recalled noticing this tall girl with long legs wearing very short shorts with the lower portion of her ass, just above the crease showing. She wore a thin white top, the thin material not able to hide the view of her nipples and aureole through the almost transparent material. She clearly was not wearing a bra. He was taken by her at first sight. Now in her 50's, she always pretended to be reluctant or uncomfortable with her body, but he always felt that she really did enjoy showing off her body. In fact Edward was convinced she liked it when other men were looking at her and checking out her body.
Susan relaxed and watched the numerous nude and nearly nude people on the beach. There were people of all ages and all sizes. Susan outright "sized" up the various cocks on the beach, most of which were uncircumcised. She wondered... "was it just this particular beach, or were all European men this well endowed?" She briefly thought about what it would be like to touch, suck, and fuck an uncircumcised cock.
Edward enjoyed comparing the women; 30-somethings and mature, small and large boobs, petite and full-figured, shaved and full bush. The variety seemed endless. Everyone was on full display, but not one of them was as exciting to him as the woman lying next to him.
"How are you feeling?" Edward asked. "Are you getting more comfortable being nude in public on this beach?"
"Yes and no. I'm still a little self conscious, but since I've seen some of the other women here, I feel much better. It's nice to see that the people here are ordinary people just like me. Some with better figures, bigger boobs and nicer asses. And even though I know that guys have been not-so-subtly performing a complete and thorough survey of my body, I feel comfortable."
"Would you like for me to apply sunscreen on you?", Edward offered.
Susan laid on her back, signaling her approval. Edward scooted over closer as he began applying the lotion to his completely nude and beautiful wife's soft skin as she relaxed, her eyes closed taking in the sunshine. Starting at the shoulders and working his way down, he spent extra time massaging the lotion all over her boobs. Then he took a dab onto his finger and rubbed it onto her nipple, giving each hardening nipple a flick and gentle squeeze between his thumb and forefinger, then clamping down and giving each one a tight squeeze. Susan's body tensed at Edward's touch.
Susan could feel Edward's semi-hard cock pressing lightly into her thigh as he applied the sunscreen. A wave of warmth went through her body. Then she heard another squirt of the lotion, as Edward moved lower. He lightly massaged the lotion above and on both sides of Susan's pussy. Susan had just shaved and her pussy was smooth but for a thin strip that started above her clit. She knew Edward loved a very thin "Landing Strip". Her outer lip folds clearly stuck out.
His hand moved between her legs. Susan parted her legs slightly; but she really wanted to spread her legs all the way. She actually enjoying being touched between her legs; the warmth of the sun contrasting with the slight cooling sea breeze. Being on a public beach with others surrounding them made it that much hotter.
Edward only brushed the sides of Susan's pussy and then continued down her legs. Edward was teasing her, and she knew it. She wanted more.
Edward squirted out a little more sunscreen, and then he began massaging the lotion around Susan's pussy lips, making little soft circles. Susan closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations caused by Edward's touch and the knowledge that others may be watching. Ripples of pleasure ran through her entire body. Her nipples tightened from Edward's gentle caresses. She was fighting the urge to attack him right there and impale herself on Edward's cock. She didn't care if others were so close.
Taking more lotion on his hands, Edward parted the outer lips and rubbed all around Susan's inner lips. Like a tidal wave, heat built between her legs as her nipples tightened from Edward's continued but gentle teasing. He explored her hole. It was more than moist, even soaking inside. Edward noticed Susan's clit was swollen from sexual excitement.
"Mmmmmm, that feels so good." Susan whispered.
"I want to make sure I cover your pussy good," Edward explained in a playful tone. "I don't want you to burn."
For Edward, this was a fantasy come true. To see his wife naked and fully exposed to others on an exotic beach. He whispered to Susan how hot she was and how much he enjoyed what they were doing. Susan just smiled and said SHE liked what she was seeing, pointing at his full erection.
"My turn!" she exclaimed.
She sat up and straddled Edward's butt. She worked some lotion into her hands and started to massage Edward's shoulders and lower back. But with Susan's legs spread, she knew she may be providing an unobstructed view of her ass and pussy. Deliberately trying to increase the view, she slowly leaned forward still straddling Edward rubbing her pussy into Edward's ass while massaging lotion into his shoulders and upper back.
Then Susan had Edward roll over as she took more sunscreen, squeezed some out, and went directly to massaging her husband's penis. Her hand moved up and down as she pulled and twisted while rubbing the white sunscreen all over. Edward closed his eyes, clearly enjoying the moment. It didn't matter that they were on a public beach, with dozens of people within easy view of them. He just loved the touch of his wife on his penis.
"Oh my God! Look to your left!"
Susan gasped. A guy with the biggest cock she had ever seen walked up almost next to Susan, picked up a rock and walked back to his woman. They evidently had just arrived and began setting up about ten yards from them. His uncircumcised cock had to be at least 10" long flaccid and really thick. His foreskin hung down at least an inch from the end of his cock, with a small opening at the tip. She wondered how big it would be if he got a hard-on. As he returned and bent over to place the rock on their blanket, his balls dangled between his legs and were like the size two tennis balls.
"Have you ever seen anything that size? And how does she take that monster?" It was simply enormous. They both later referred to him simply as "Enormous".
The woman he was with was a petite blond, probably about 45-50, Edward guessed. She had a great body with nice tits. Edward noticed she too was completely shaved, which seemed to be the case with about 70% of the women he saw on the beach. Another 20% of the ladies had the full bush. Susan was in the minority with a neatly trimmed thin landing strip.
All the while, Susan's hand did not move off Edward's cock, and instead squeezed harder as she accelerated her stroking movements. There was no mistaking what Susan was doing. She was masturbating Edward right there on the beach right in front of everyone.
Edward looked up and saw the woman of the German couple next to them and several guys watching. "Honey," he whispered. "We are being watched."
Susan looked around and saw at least 4 guys smile and nod her way. Because she was on her side, her legs had inadvertently opened quite a bit and the guys were treated to a perfect view of Susan's pussy. Susan seemed to be embarrassed, and let go of Edward's cock, but did not close her legs.
Susan laid in the sun next to Edward. She closed her eyes and again enjoyed the sensations felt by the warmth of the sun and the tickling of the breeze on her body. Susan thought back to their holidays in the Caribbean and the first time she went topless. She remembered how good it felt going topless. She felt both sexy and naughty doing something that was considered taboo in the USA, showing something that is normally covered. But now being completely naked in public was a whole new sensation.
Edward could not help but admire Susan. Perhaps he was biased, but she looked amazing. He felt pride in seeing his wife laying naked on this beautiful beach.
Edward turned on his side and Susan did the same as they faced each other lying down. Susan placed her hand on his butt cheek and gave it a squeeze. Edward did the same to Susan, but his hand moved between her cheeks and his fingers gently stroked her pussy. She parted her legs to give him better access. Her lips so swollen and wet. They were becoming oblivious to anyone else who may be looking as he stroked the moistness of Susan's pussy on this public beach.
Susan laid on her side and closed her eyes. Aside from Edward's touch on her now extra-sensitive pussy, she couldn't believe how good it felt sunbathing without a stitch of clothing on. The gentle breeze blowing across her breasts and nipples, the warmth of the sun on her entire body, and the gentle, calming sound of the lapping waves really made for a great combination of sensations. A little bit of nervousness just made it that much more exhilarating. She had to admit that once she got over her initial nervousness, she was loving being naked on this beach. And now knowing that Edward was parting her pussy lips and nearly finger-fucking her in clear view of strangers not more than twenty feet away made it even hotter.
"Actually, I would like you to fuck me, right here, right now in front of whoever wants to watch!" Susan's matter-of-fact response took Edward by surprise. Actually, both of them were getting more and more aroused. Edward's cock was at full attention and his precum left wet spots on the blanket. But his expression of shock and surprise brought into question how far he was willing to go.
"No? That's what we came here for, isn't is? To be watched.... and to see other naked people?" Susan was horny and direct.
Without a word, Edward's finger continued with slow, long strokes up and down her clit. They were facing each other as they lay down. This went on for a few minutes, and then her hand reached between his thighs. He shifted his hips to give her easier access as she gripped onto his penis.
Edward's finger was now stroking quickly, alternating between parting her inner lips and moving up to her clit. He dipped his finger in to moisten her clit. Then he thrust three fingers deep into her wetness. Susan gasped and moved her hips up and down, moaning and then playfully biting Edward's ear.
Edward wanted to jump on his wife and fuck her right in front of everyone but he restrained himself and moved his hands down to continue rubbing lotion over the remainder of her long legs. He finished and looked around to see that several more people had set their towels down near them.
Turned on and clearly unsatisfied, Susan lay back and closed her eyes. But her legs remained parted, offering a nice view of her swollen, sex-starved pussy that was now dripping from her excitement.
Edward sat up and grabbed a magazine, but instead of reading it, he mostly watched the strollers on the beach walking by, some singles and some couples, some naked and some with some clothes. He found that if he pretended to be reading, and with sunglasses camouflaging his eyes, the guys would get much more blatant and obvious about checking her out. One even stopped with his cell phone and pretended to dial while he looked at Susan's naked body. Did he just take a photo?
Edward looked back at Susan, her body stretched out in the Greek sun. She did look stunning. In fact, Edward wanted to capture this himself.
"Honey, you look amazing!"
Susan opened her eyes and smiled, propped herself on one elbow and reached in to kiss Edward. Her kiss was warm and her tongue flicked in and around his lips in a playful manner.
"Let me take a few photos of you. You look stunning."
"I don't think that would be a good idea Edward. I would not want nude photos of us to be discovered by anyone, especially our kids."
"That is something we will not have to worry about. We will keep these on a separate memory chip."
Edward's words were not all that convincing, but she did see a look on Edward's face, kind of like a kid asking his parents for a new toy. Susan felt resistance would be pointless as the thought of posing in the nude on a public beach was actually turning her on.
"All right. Just a few." Susan stood up and gave some playful smiles and provocative poses. She looked fantastic against the bright white of the sandy beach and brilliant blue of the water. Susan felt naughty and sexy, and a bit excited as well. Edward squeezed off a few of images so they could relive this great day once they got home.
After a few shots and after spending some time in the sun, they decided to cool off and go for a swim.
By now, the walk to the water was something Susan was enjoying. Almost at the water, she turned her head and looked behind her just to see if people were staring at her ass. They were! It didn't matter. She was now more comfortable with being naked and enjoying the glances and outright stares from other men. She was becoming more aroused. In this smorgasbord of naked flesh, the guys were watching her! And Edward couldn't blame them for looking.
Arriving at the water, Susan bent down to rinse her hands from the sunscreen. Then she made her way into shoulder high water. Edward paused and took in the site of his naked wife, her boobs bobbing as the gentle waves rose and receded. Susan made her way over to Edward, put her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. She reached down and stroked Edward's hardening cock. "Wow, it's not taking you long to get hard again. So....did you ever do it in the water on a Greek island?"
This was a private joke of theirs. "So did you ever do it in (name, place, etc.)". Edward laughed and ran his hands over Susan's ass and gave it a gentle squeeze. Her erect nipples pushed against his chest. His fingers moved to play with her pussy.
Susan bit Edward's ear playfully and whispered, "You are turning me on again. I think we need to fuck!"
They were in a bit higher than waist-deep water so the water would offer a bit of cover. Susan wrapped her legs around Edward's waist. She aligned herself so her swollen clit was rubbing against his shaft. She reached down and placed the large head Edward's cock directly between her pussy lips. Edward pushed the head of his cock just an inch into her pussy; but Susan wanted it all.
She lunged forward and thrust Edward's cock deep inside her. She groaned deeply as he entered her. She arched her back to take more of him, her head leaning into the water and her tits jiggling with every movement. They soon found that continuous thrusting did not work. Instead they let the gentle motion of the waves move them. It was a perfect rhythm as they bobbed against each other, with Susan grinding her pussy into Edward. Edward saw a passion in Susan's eyes. He leaned in for a long kiss. Susan's mouth opened to take his tongue in deeply.
"I love fucking you," she whispered in his ear. "I'm going to fuck you everywhere and anywhere on this vacation," Susan threatened. With that, she felt his cock twitch as he let out with a groan of his own. Soon she felt his warmth fill her and she smiled.
Susan pulled out of Edward's cock and kissed deeply Edward again. She suggested a walk up the beach. Edward, needed some time to recover, and for his erection to recede. But what he really wanted was for Susan to push her limits and walk up the beach without him. He saw how the guys on the beach opening ogled Susan with him right beside her. He knew if he wasn't with her, she would be prime meat. He wanted to see how she would react if guys hit on a nude woman walking alone.
"Uhhh, go ahead. If you don't mind," Edward said sheepishly as he looked down at his hard-on, "I'm going to need a minute or two...."
"What? You're embarrassed because my honey doesn't want to be seen as a pervert with a boner on this beach!!" Susan playfully scolded Edward. "OK, I'll start walking. But don't take too long to......recover!"
And there she went. Edward watched his now confident and sassy wife walk away, alone, without a stitch of clothing on. Just ahead of her, two well-built men strolling towards her, their large cocks flopping from left to right. He looked down and noticed his hard-on was not going down, it was growing!!
To be continued...