Foreword: This story has nine chapters of about this length. The first four chapters are one-on-one with each family member, with dialogue suggesting faux incest. The last four chapters involve actual incest and group sex, including father-daughter, mother-son, and brother-sister. There are mild to moderate fetish elements, including feet, restraints, anal play, and spanking.
The Foundling
Chapter 7: Mother & Son
Elizabeth called out, "We're home!" as she entered the kitchen through the garage door. She heard some noises from the living room, where it sounded like one or more of the kids were watching television. "I'll just go check on them," she told Howard, who grunted in reply as he lumbered up the stairs with their luggage.
She and her husband had enjoyed a lovely weekend at a resort, relaxing around a pool and experimenting with their newfound appreciation for each other's kinks. Elizabeth was still a little unsteady on the very tall stiletto heels she was wearing, but it was a small price to pay for getting Howard so riled up and attentive. And, bless his heart, he'd barely blinked an eye whenever she asked to be tied up or cuffed or gagged, and was extraordinarily gentle and comforting once their play was done.
"How was your weekend, kids?" Elizabeth asked as she walked into the living room, but stopped in shock at the sight she beheld. She was forcibly reminded that her children were all grown up, despite her lingering habit of referring to them as kids.
Jake ignored his mother when she arrived, seeming to be splitting his concentration between rubbing the bulge in his gym shorts, which was all he appeared to be wearing, and watching his sisters as they exercised, wearing even less.
Shannon and Abigail were playing some kind of fitness video and doing squats, facing away from their brother and giving him, and now their mother, an excellent view of their flexing legs and asses. They appeared to be wearing nothing but thongs, although that was only obvious because of the brightly colored cords that went over their hips and disappeared into the ass-cracks. Their entire backs were on display, so she assumed the girls were topless. Elizabeth couldn't help but admire the firm, fit glutes her daughters sported, and remembered wistfully when her own had been that way. She shook off the reluctant appreciation after a moment and tried to sound angry and authoritative, but her voice came out weak and inquisitive instead. "What are you girls doing?"
Her daughters turned to look at her and said, almost simultaneously, "Welcome home, Mommy!" Shannon was smiling as brightly as ever, and she always talked to Elizabeth that way, but it was a little jarring to the older woman to hear Abby call her 'Mommy', and the younger daughter's expression conveyed some vague hints of shame or remorse. Jacob also seemed a little chagrined, and he carefully folded his hands in his lap as he mumbled a greeting as well.
"We're just doing some exercises!" Shannon explained, and the two girls each did another lewd squat for emphasis; their perfect synchronicity was almost mesmerizing, and it took several long seconds for Elizabeth to recover. Jacob crossed his legs and fidgeted, concealing his erection.
"Okay... but why are you dressed like... that?" Elizabeth managed to inquire, waving her hand weakly at her daughters.
"Because all our workout clothes are in the laundry!" Shannon chirped, and Elizabeth did in fact hear the quiet rumbling of the dryer now that it was brought to her attention. "Anyway, it's a lot nicer exercising without sweaty fabric clinging to your skin!" she concluded. The two young women then turned around, revealing their bare breasts to the room, and walked over to hug their mother. Elizabeth felt light-headed and a little dizzy, but reflexively allowed her arms to weakly wrap around her nearly nude daughters.
"Well... I guess that's okay..." the older woman said slowly. "But your father and I are home now, so you should put something on."
Shannon pouted a little, although her eyes were twinkling, and said, "Of course, Mommy!"
Abigail, still looking a little flushed, said, "I need to go shower, anyway. I promised some girls from the team that I'd meet them at the mall."
The embrace ended, and her daughters disappeared into the hallway arm-in-arm, still seeming to move synchronously, and their wobbling butt-cheeks held the full attention of both their relatives until they were out of sight. Shaking her head to clear it, Elizabeth stared awkwardly at her son, who was still trying to hide the fact that he was hard. He refused to meet his mother's eyes, so she finally said, "Maybe you should go upstairs and, uh, take care of yourself," starting out in a quiet tone and almost whispering by the end of the sentence. She wasn't sure which of them was blushing more profusely.
"Okay, Mommy," Jake said, getting up and rushing away as quickly as he could. Elizabeth swayed where she stood, shocked at her son referring to her with that term, and appalled at the frisson of arousal that had struck her when he uttered it.
~~~
When Jake got upstairs, Abby was just emerging from her bedroom, no longer wearing even her thong. She blushed slightly as she opened the hall closet to grab a towel, but chose to bend over and pick one from the lowest shelf. Doing so caused her cheeks to spread open and flashed her asshole at him, revealing a thin shiny film around it from when he'd butt-fucked her less than an hour ago. He groaned, and she gave him a wink as she straightened up and entered the bathroom.
Jacob hesitated in the hallway, wondering if he dared ask Shannon to help him cum, when he was surprised by her walking out of their parents' bedroom, wearing nothing but her habitual smile. "Hi-ya, Big Brother!" she said. "Looking for me?"
"Um, sort of..." Jake admitted. "I was wondering... well, I mean, Mommy suggested..." he trailed off, unable to bring himself to directly propose that the two of them fool around.
"What did Mommy suggest?" Shannon prompted, grinning even more widely. "Did your big boner make her feel strange?"
"I... I think so, maybe," Jacob confirmed. Then, whispering, he said, "She told me I should take care of myself."
"Well that's just silly!" Shannon said, stifling a giggle with her hand. "Taking care of their children is what Mommies and Daddies are for!"
"Is that why you were in their bedroom?" Jake blurted out before he could stop himself. He saw an expression of surprise flicker across Shannon's face for a moment before her customary smirk returned.
"Poor Daddy is all tuckered out from the drive! I just went in to give him a good-night kiss! He's sound asleep now."
Jacob didn't quite know what to say in response, so he simply fidgeted and tried to look at the floor more than at his naked sister's tits or bush. Suddenly, Shannon grabbed the sides of his shorts and pulled them down, allowing his erection to bounce freely. He looked up at her in surprise, and she was grinning at him, biting the tip of her tongue between her teeth and winking. "Let's go talk to Mommy, Big Brother!"
His adopted sister wrapped her hand around Jacob's dick and tugged, essentially pulling him along behind her as she went downstairs. He found it very awkward to navigate the steps while being led like that, but never considered asking her to let go. They found their mother back in the kitchen, sipping a glass of wine and nibbling on some crackers. She nearly choked when she noticed them enter the room.
"Mommy, look at Jacob's cock!" Shannon exclaimed, releasing her grip but gently tapping it to make it bounce up and down. "He's as hard as a rock!"
Elizabeth sputtered and mumbled, not making any sense as she seemed to be trying to say a dozen things at once. When her mother finally subsided back into silence, with her eyes locked on the erection in question as her cheeks bloomed red, Shannon tried again.
"Hadn't you better help your son, Mommy?" the adopted daughter asked slyly. "He got all stiff from watching his sisters bounce their butts and titties. He's just that kind of guy, I guess." The foundling began slowly stroking his shaft as she continued talking to their mother. "But Iknowyou know he checks you out all the time. Big Brother has a thing for MILFs! You must have noticed that, right?" Elizabeth visibly swallowed, and her face went pale where it wasn't blushing. Her eyes flicked to her son's face, as if seeking confirmation of Shannon's claim.
Strictly speaking, Jacob didn't think the statement was true. He certainly didn't think women of his mother's age were unattractive, but he'd not looked at or thought of his mom in that way prior to a few days ago. Some of his friends had teased him, back when they were all high schoolers, about how hot she was, but he hadn't really given it any consideration at the time, nor had he been entirely truthful when he'd said the same kind of things about his friend's moms.
But Shannon loved to run her mouth, especially when she was watching him fuck their younger sister in her slutty butthole, and her constant compliments and comparisons between Elizabeth and Abigail had made him start to think of his mother in a new light. Now, seeing her looking confused, vulnerable, and turned on, his erection throbbed with desire. He smiled at her, letting his eyes roam down her body, stopping at the prominent dents of her nipples, then again where her free hand was gripping her thigh desperately, inching steadily closer to her sex.
Shannon released Jacob, and his hand took over where hers had left off, albeit stroking more rapidly and forcefully. The middle daughter moved behind their mother and gently took the wineglass, setting it aside, then cupped Elizabeth's breasts. "Isn't that a nice cock you helped make, Mommy?" she asked as she massaged the older woman, who moaned in response. Taking that as a yes, both children smiled happily at one another.
"Would you like to touch it, Mommy?" Jake asked suddenly, although he blushed at his forwardness. He held his breath while awaiting her answer, but after biting her lower lip with indecision for a moment, Elizabeth nodded her head and raised her arm slowly. He quickly stepped closer, and groaned when he felt his mother's warm hand on his member. "Yes!" he hissed, feeling feverish and light-headed as she began to stroke it experimentally.
"You're such a good, loving Mommy!" Shannon gushed as she started unbuttoning the older woman's blouse. She giggled at Elizabeth's whining reluctance to release her son's penis even long enough to slide out of the sleeves, but she was soon completely naked, too. Jacob was amazed that his mother had not been wearing a bra or panties, although Shannon seemed to take it in stride, merely smirking and looking a little smug. Now that everyone was equally nude, the foundling got down on her knees and pulled the older woman until she was kneeling beside her. "Let's suck cock now, Mommy!" the young woman said brightly.
Jacob groaned, not quite believing his eyes, and more generally, reluctant to accept his amazing luck as real and true. Two beautiful women were on the ground in front of him, pleasuring his rod with their mouths, and apparently loving the act. He didn't notice when Abby poked her head around the doorway to say she was leaving, so he didn't understand why Shannon waved, and his higher cognitive functions kind of started shutting down at that point anyway. He didn't miss them.
~~~
Elizabeth thought she was having a dream, albeit a disturbingly hot dream, as she sucked on her son's cock. The smell and the taste and the texture seemed too vivid for mere imagination, though, and when her elder daughter started fingering her sex, she finally accepted that she was living in a thrilling yet horrifying reality.
Liz couldn't help comparing her son and his father. Howard's dick was slightly shorter and a little thicker than Jacob's, but otherwise they were almost identical in shape, curve, and color. Her son's balls sat higher and felt tighter in her hand, probably because of his youth, and she wondered how his cum would taste. A part of her mind berated her for the curiosity, but she couldn't help herself.
"Do you know what your son loves most of all?" Shannon asked coyly as she brought Elizabeth to a small, shuddering climax. "He loves big butts! He especially loves sinking his dick into a nice, tight asshole. Isn't that right, Big Brother?" Jacob grunted in response, which the foundling evidently took as confirmation, although his mother was less certain.
"He already came in my butt this morning," Shannon whispered, "And he came in Abby's sweet little asshole after lunch." Liz groaned with arousal and shame, appalled to learn that her children were all sexually active with one another, although she felt she didn't have the moral high ground at that point. "But don't you think it would be super exciting if you let him shoot a load in your chute?" the foundling asked, putting one of her sex-soaked fingers inside the hole in question.
A deeply buried part of Elizabeth's psyche finally rebelled at that moment, and she spit out her son's dick long enough to say, "Wrong!" She collapsed onto her ass and spun around, getting to her hands and knees and trying to crawl away. Before she could do so, however, Shannon straddled her, forcing her flat on the ground, and grabbed one of her arms. Moments later she heard a ratcheting sound and felt a familiar pressure on the captured wrist. Liz froze in alarm and terror, realizing that Shannon had somehow found the padded handcuffs she had left in her purse after Howard fucked her in a gas station bathroom on the trip home. She moaned with fear and unwanted arousal, unable to resist the allure of her deep fascination with being restrained. By the time both arms were secured she'd surrendered completely, even going so far as to raise her ass invitingly to her son.
Shannon seemed to realize she'd won, smiling as she spread open her captive's cheeks and dribbled some spit onto her mother's sphincter. Elizabeth heard her say, "Go on, Big Brother! Put your lovely dick in Mommy's big bottom!" Jake grunted in compliance, and his mother let out a sigh of happiness despite the discomfort of being sodomized by her own flesh and blood. She wondered if they realized, or cared, that her ass was well-lubed with their father's seed.