Chapter 9
Being woken up by an alarm on Friday was pretty annoying and finding it under my pillow was worse. I felt better when I looked over to Maggie who was sleeping right by me and god she was beautiful, I used to think that guys who brush off hair off their girlfriends were pricks who were full of shit but the desire to see that beautiful smiling face in full view was too irresistible.
"Stop touching my hair smartass." Maggie said mumbling in her sleep. "Remember you have a date, don't be late."
"Why are you smiling so much? Did you have a wet dream? Was I in it? Correction, was I in you?"
"I came to your room this morning because I heard you screaming last night and wanted to talk to you about it after you calmed down but it turns out you kicked the table. Now go on your date I wanna sleep." She said pulling the covers over her head and going back to sleep. For some reason seeing this made my day so I took a shower, got dressed and when I left the room she was still sleeping.
I got to the kitchen with intensions to make a sandwich and have some juice but when I got there I found Susan in a morning gown doing something, maybe making breakfast. I didn't expect anyone to be awake at this hour so I didn't prepare any excuses for Liz screaming last night but it didn't matter I mean the master bed room is like across the hall.
"Good morning," I said walking in the kitchen.
"Morning!" She said turning and showing me her "Make my day" shirt and shorts and her tits looked amazing but they were not the tits of the day so I let it slide.
"So do you wake up this early every morning?"
"It's only early it if you are used to waking up late."
"Smart" I said winking at her. "Wait... isn't it late when you're used to waking up early?"
"Good point. So tell me why are you up this early? Aren't always waking up at somewhere between 8 and 10?"
"So you admit it's early and to clear it up a little I wake up at 7 everyday." I responded defensively not trying to look lazy.
"Yeah yeah that's what they all say, so tell me why are you up so early." She asked making a quotation gesture.
"I have a date,"
"Oh so you're not just hanging around my daughters," She chuckled going to the fridge, "But it turns out you have a girlfriend." She quizzed holding out a glass of juice to me.
"I must have not told you thinking that someone must have told you already." I smiled taking the glass.
"Nope no one did."
"Aw that's sad want a hug." I chuckled holding my hands out.
"Don't pull that shit with me, I'm not lonely. I have people coming over tomorrow I guess me waking up this early today is just a premature reflex."
"Oh really who?"
"We're having an office party and I'm hosting this month, I'd give you the details but aren't getting late for your date?"
"Yeah, you're right. I can't be late," I said walking out the kitchen.
"Oh August can I ask you a question? It's about Maggie," I heard Susan coming from behind me.
"Yeah sure why not,"
"When Maggie is with you does it ever feel like she's hording you or something?" She asked looking concerned.
"Nah it's not like that but sometimes feels like she being over protective."
"So she's not hording anything? That takes some weight off, but just to show that I don't trust you I'll ask her next."
"Aw that hurts my heart."
"Hope this makes you feel better," She said pulling me and giving me a sweet tongue kiss. "But I still don't trust you." She pushed me back and I just walked away speechless all I could think was, "bruh" When I got in the uber I realized that I had forgotten the directions to Jenny's house but luckily my phones GPS locks the directions from the origin point which is my home to any place that I stay longer than 3 hours. The trip was long and I really wished that Jenny could be by me during this trip until I remembered that I was going to meet her, it eventually started being irrelevant.
I got off at the gate and I was happy that those guys recognized me because I was really tired from the drive. That and the driver trying to make small-talk well he had some interesting stories though, like how he stopped pimping because it was starting to be too dangerous. And some shit about going broke. When the guard let me enter he had a very weird facial expression like he was holding in something, I just thought that he was holding a shit or a fart. I got to the door, ringed the doorbell, took a deep breath and waved at the camera which I regretted immediately, I did hear, "Coming!" and that was enough to make me feel better.
The door opened and I have to say I was speechless. "Hiee! I'm Jenny's mother; Alan and you must be August, yes?" She said with a some-what British accent; I wasn't listening. Jenny's mother was beautiful, clear skin, bright white smile, H-cups biggest pair I've ever seen and her sports bra seemed huge and tight, she was also wearing navy blue yoga pants with white stripes matching her bra.
Some how I managed to picture them giving a tit-job, so groaned "Yes"
"And I assume you are here for my daughter, yes?"
"'Is she home?"
"Oh yes yes yes, she is upstairs in her room but I'm not sure if she knows that you were coming. Funny how she does not want me to meet you even though she has brought you into my house where you spent a night. Amusing isn't it, oh my I have said too much,"
"You knew?" I asked after feeling my spine freeze to the point that I couldn't even show fear.
"Well you're looking awfully calm about it but yes I know everything. Now then," She stopped her statement and my heart while looking back and nodding then turning back to me, "As I was saying come in, I'll escort you to her room."
"Nice house," I slightly chuckled remembering that it's similar to what I said the last time I was here.
"Of course it is, I am the one who designed it." She enquired before stopping again, "I have a favor to ask, may I?" She turned with a straight face and looking me in the eyes.
"Yes anything in reach." I responded trying to not look into her eyes but failed miserably.
"Could you not tell Jennifer that I know about her bringing you here?"
"Oh? Why?"
"Because it's much better to put one under the impression that they are in sight and not in reach,"
"Care to elaborate?"
She broke the eye contact and started walking, "Well let me simplify it... Um let's see... Ah yes, the kids will never be themselves if they believe that their guardian is in range to take control of the choices that they make for themselves and in this case Jennifer will not learn to make her own choices if she believes that I'm in control of her choices or options." She continued going up stairs.
"So you are teaching her independency by limiting her choice range." My father is doing the same thing but he's a dick about it so her method is well thought out.
"Ah, now you're getting it. So do you promise? August?" She asked turning to me when we reached the hallway.
"Of course I do, my father is doing the same thing."
"Your father is a wise man. Well this concludes our talk; there is her door, not locked but do knock. I will see you in time August." She said walking away. I walked for a while and knocked on the door waiting for someone to respond and finally got in with my newly found authority I mean she was my girl. I got in and heard the shower and slowly closed the door intending on surprising her. As soon as I closed the door the shower stopped and she came out drying her hair and damn she looked good naked. She did not notice me as she was walking to her clothes closet. Looking at her I almost forgot that there were other people in the house.
"So what am I gonna wear?" She said opening the door.
"Spend the day naked," I suggested still keeping my distance admiring her nakedness.
"Nah I did that yesterday anything else? How about..." She said turning with a little white t-shirt and seeing me, "OH MY GOD!" She screamed putting it over her chest.
"Hi... Don't worry I was looking. A lot,"
"Did you like what you saw?" She asked narrowing her eyes seductively and biting her lower lip.
"A lot," She paused for a few seconds and dropped her shirt, ran to me and deeply kissed me for while. She pulled back and hugged me putting her head on my chest, she was being emotional but I couldn't do that I mean she was naked and her tits were touching me.
"Is that really you? I'm not hallucinating due to my loneliness right?"
"Feel my heart beat?" I said stocking her hair and honestly I didn't know what to do.
"Yes but what are you doing here? How did you get here? Who let you in? Oh my god so many questions." She talked as she let me go.
"Blah blah blah. Simple answers your mom let me in, I took an uber and I'm here for you. Hmm it's backwards."
"Oh god it is you!" She screamed before hugging me again but this one wasn't long. "But what are you doing here and I thought you'd forget the way." She said stepping back and walking to the bed and sitting on it.
"I came to check up on you."
"Really that's it?"
"No... Remember Tuesday? We were chatting then you said you were going to do something and you haven't responded since then and I was worried, I thought you were dead." I chuckled walking towards her and sitting next to her. It took her a while to remember it even if it happened 4 days ago. "Jenny?"
"Remember Monday?" She jumped like she was zoned out.
"Are you okay?" I asked stroking her hair and she liked it.
"I just can't believe that you are here." She said looking back to me and hugging me again, "Oh god I missed you so much."
"Don't worry I'm here. So Monday?"
"Oh yes Monday!" She said springing up and her boobs defied gravity, all jiggling and bouncing and her ass. "On Monday we did a video call and... well you know the rest. So on Tuesday I was going to do the same thing but this time in the bath but I put my phone on the tub when I was going to lock the door and when I came back I realized that my phone had fell in." She explained pacing near the bed and she my dick harder with every step she took.
"Um should I have my shirt on?"
"Why are you still wearing clothes?"
"Shit," I said taking my shirt so fast I felt like I ripped it apart.
"Too slow." She said pushing me over the bed and jumping onto me and kissing me lustfully while breathing heavily but I could keep up. As we where kissing I felt her hand move down my chest going to my pants, fondling my hard dick and unzipping it and pulling it out but not putting it in. She just sat on it and continued kissing me. I reached for her tits and the sensation felt amazing and they also felt bigger than last time, she cooed when I was feeling her tits and started to grind on my dick. "Oh god I want you inside me."
"Jenny your friends have arrived! Should I send them up?" Alan called out while knocking on the door.
"NO!! I'll be down in a sec!" Jenny screamed her lungs out trying to respond quick enough so Alan won't come in. "Oh god," She said resting on my chest all naked, hot and stuff. "Almost got carried away huh?"
"And you think I mind?"
"I know you don't. Oh god... I haven't even chosen the clothes I'm going to wear." She said getting off me and the bed.
"Wanna hear something corny?" I asked her getting off the bed and walking towards her.
"Go for it,"
I grabbed her shoulders and looked her deep in the eyes and said, "It doesn't matter what you wear." And smiled then stepped back and picked up my shirt from the floor, putting it on while she paused.
"Hey... you're not being corny, that's a sex reference."
"Aw you noticed? How?"
"It usually ends with, everything looks good on you and I know you, the only time you said corny shit was when you were confessing to me and you were really... good... Ok back to now, what I'm I gonna wear?"
"I don't know. How about I call your friends to help you out with it?"
"Yes that would help a lot. Wait you're coming with us right?" She asked putting on her underwear.
"Where?"
"To the mall, you do want me to get a new phone right?" I nodded like I understood her reason for me to go even though I already decided to go the second she mentioned it. "Great."
"Yeah," I said leaving the room and closed the door behind me. When I started walking down the hall I saw two beautiful girls emerging from the stairs, I mean they were not as beautiful as Jenny but they were not far. The one on the left cut her blonde hair short was wearing white short-pants, a black and white stomach-out shirt, a black thong, black boots and she was also tanned. The one the right had black hair and a pony tail and was wearing a black shirt, grey sweat pants and black high-tops sneakers and she also pieced her lower lip.
I really didn't know anything on approaching girls especially them but I was not intending on making any impressions on any of them so fuck they think but I did have to be cautious. "Hi," And soon as I said hi the girl on the left switched positions with the one the right; it was like she was going to attack me or something.
"HI there! Are you the boyfriend I've been hearing about? You're hot, I'd love to feel you."
"Actually no I'm her cousin call me J."
"Cousin? I never meet you in my life and I know everyone in Jenny's family cuz I'm part of her family."
"I just found out 3 days ago so that's not new."
"New cousin..." She paused while the other one continued walking to Jenny's room.
"Well Jenny's waiting for you," I said leaning over to her. "She can't decide on what she should wear."
"Oh lord and they wonder why I'm around." After hearing that I took it as an opportunity to fuck off, and honestly I just wanted to relax.
"Mr. Johnsons?" Someone said coming from behind me.
"Yes?" Ah it was the dude that works here.
"Madam would like to see you in her study; would you please come with me?"
"No," I said trying to see his reaction.
"But... no wait but... wait you."
"I'm just fucking with you man, chill I'll come with you."
"Oh yes. Come with me please," He said as he started walking away and the study was the on other side of the house and that's when I realized that this house is huge, very huge. "Right through this door sir," He said holding his hand out.
"Call me AJ or J." I said knocking and walking in. "Hi again."
"Hi again, yourself." She said lowering the book from her eyes and she was no longer wearing her yoga outfit she was wearing light blouse which highlighted her boobs and a light blue skirt, she also had glasses on.
"Ah you changed," I pointed out after realizing that she was actually waiting for me say something.
"Your zipper August, your zipper that's what I meant,"
"Oh that thanks," I looked down and I was somehow relived that she was the one saw it. "Are sure you don't mind?"
"If Jennifer happened to... say get pregnant would you take care of her?"
"Yes unexceptionally so."
"Why?" She asked closing the book she was reading and started walking towards the shelf.
"Well because I love her and she loves me and because its her, she's worth it"
"There you have it, I believe and trust you." She said putting the book on the shelf and walking to me. "And as an ignorant man would say, fuck up and I will fuck you up." I wanted to ask her if that was a threat or not but it sounded more like a warning. "So tell me are you going with them to the mall?"
"Yes,"
"Well I'm certain they're ready now you should go check on them, maybe they're already waiting."
"Yeah see you,"
"Oh and August..." She said holding my hand as I was heading out.
"Yes?"
"Please don't take words I just told you as threats I just want to make sure that my daughter is with someone responsible and cautious." Damn her hand felt warm and soft, it was like she had switched characters like she went from cold and cautious to warm and worrisome.
"Don't worry about I honestly just took it as you being caring for your daughter." After I said that she loosened her hold on me like she just relaxed after hearing that, "Well I'll be off, hope we meet again; sometime in the future."
"We will meet again." I was surprised at what her certnity but all I could do was just nod and walk away then I realized that was lost so I had get out the back door, walk around the house to the front door which was luckily unlocked. I walked to the sitting room and the first thing I noticed was the couch where I sex with Jenny, the memories were pouring in, until I noticed the book on the table, "The Analects." By Confucius and it looked very interesting but as soon as I tried to pick it up the lesbian showed up.
"Hi,"
"Yeah,"
"Tell me are you a lesbian?"
"Lesbian?" She said looking all confused and shit.
"Would you rather me say dyke? But I that's somehow offensive I'd hate to offend someone unintentionally."
"Amber," She said going for a hand shake and I went for it too, I just thought she was being formal.
"AJ," I shaking her hand then tightened her grip and here I thought she was being formal so I looked at her, grinned and honestly I was about make lemonade out of this sour bitch, "Oh nice grip you got there but I'm the last person you'd want to test your grip with and here is why,"
"Don't you dare do whatever you're thinking in that twisted mind of yours." Jenny said coming from behind her wearing blue high waist jeans, a white crop top shirt and I didn't see her shoes and the other one was with her.
"I wasn't gonna do anything, well yet I guess." I said letting go and sitting on the couch.
"Did he do anything to you?" She said holding her cheeks and checking her.
"No we just shook hands,"
"Then she tightened her grip."
"Amber I told you to not do that to boys you just met especially with him." Then she looked at me like I tightened my grip first, she took a deep breath and looked me dead in the eyes. "Babe could you please tone it down for me? I mean I guess I can try to get it on your side but could you be actually nice?"
"C'mon I'm a nice guy, sometimes it's like smoke and ash so people won't get it till the smoke is cleared." I shrugged looking away trying to brush it off as nothing but it was Jenny.
"Smoke and ash? Babe," She held my shoulders and smiled keeping her gaze. "I know you're lying to me right now so you don't have to validate anything or even look away." It was really funny to me that Jenny was the only person in the world who I can't lie to while looking in her eyes; and I have tried.
"Aw how did you know?" I was touched.
"Smoke and ash is what you say before you say absolute bullshit,"
"Oh?"
"It's like your catchphrase."
"Oh so I'm always talking shit... Ok. So you did pay attention, but nah I didn't I was going to make her regret her choices."
"Okay, okay I can do this." She said trying to encourage her self. "Um hey Jay have you met Crystal?"
"No..."
"Well great, babe this is Crystal one of my close friends and Crystal this is my lovely boyfriend AJ. You two already met, and with that out of the way, LET'S GET GOING!"
"No wait... He said he was your cousin, a new one."
"Pfft, and you believed him?" Jenny said cracking up, "Now shut up I don't want any more distractions." She turned and started walking past Crystal.
"Okay you know, being a bitch completely irrelevant and unnecessary." Crystal said following her like Jenny was older than her.
"Aw did I hurt your feelings?" Jenny said after Crystal caught up to her, I wasn't even sure if she was being sarcastic or not but it didn't matter.
"Well it's time for me to fuck off." I said standing up and walking.
"Wait," Amber stopped me putting her hand on my chest. I thought she was trying to redeem herself and if so Jenny would have to understand, "Look I'm sorry for being a dick to you by tightening my grip that time." She was fucking apologizing, mind blown.
"I don't mind, it's only a problem when I fuck up."
"Ok how about we reintroduce." She said stepping back and stopping right in front of me.
"Okay but not necessary but okay..."
"Oh thank you," She said hugging me tight, very tight and here I thought she was cold blooded.
"It's all good chill," I tried to hug back but I didn't know what to do when someone's apologizing, I'm usually the one who's apologizing.
"Jay what the fuck are you doing? Trying start a w" Jenny rushed in from behind her but Amber didn't notice her, she smiled, waved and left.
"Are you listening? I said I'm Amber."
"August, but you can call me AJ or Jay whatever jumps first,"
"Oh nice to meet you... Again." She said hugging me tighter.
"So you do have boobs," Like B cups.
"Don't push it," She said letting me go and I was surprised that I didn't get a boner.
"Yeah yeah let's go. I know what you meant."
"They're probably waiting on us, so let's go." She said looking relieved and started walking away.
"So what are you? Like their bodyguard or some thing?"
"Eh it's more like the come close and I'll kill you kinda vibe."
"Don't worry about it because I'm here."
"All Might?"
"What?"
"Did you make an anime reference?"
"Wait do you? Did I? Well no I didn't, I was just saying but you know All Might?"
"Yeah its basic knowledge," She said giving me a duh face.
"Well its not, I mea"
"Of course it is! Now are we leaving or not?" Jenny said standing near her car I think.
"Yeah," I said waving to her, "Even I don't know it."
"Uh huh," She was not even listening to me, "So you and Jenny, you're," She said before adding a pause.
"Yes we're"
"Fucking, yeah thought so," She wasn't even hearing me I mean I was going for dating but she had to put it out there.
"Problem?"
"No I just..." She paused looking a Jenny and licked her lips. This girl was thinking some perverted shit about my girl but I didn't have proof just certnity.
"You wanna fuck her don't you?"
"Oh god so bad," She said almost like she was in a trance or maybe love struck? "No no no I didn't say that you thought I did but I didn't you just thought."
"Trust me, I don't mind. I've been having those thoughts since I pictured her naked and long as you don't turn her gay to the point that she flips me off, I won't have to do things that are better not said."
"Glad you understand. You know, you're a pretty cool guy."
"I'm going for cold. So we ready to go?"
"Yeah but who's driving?" Jenny said walking to me and kissing me on the cheek.
"Rock paper scissors?" Amber suggested bumping into me intentionally and I was almost offended but I can get her. We played and I lost and honestly it was intentional but Jenny looked at me like she knew what I was doing but she also seemed to accept it with no effort. I sat in the front with Crystal getting directions and quick glances from her especially when Jenny was not looking. We got lost on the way due to Crystal teasing us but we eventually got to the mall in about 45 minutes.
When we got out of the car Crystal started disappearing it was like she didn't even come with us, it didn't matter thou. We walked around for a while and it turns out Alan had already preordered the phone 3 days ago even if Jenny told her about it 2 day ago, so I had fun watching them all confused and thinking about the possibilities. Even after we got the phone they were still thinking on how she knew then Crystal mentioned the pool party and swimsuits. Amber and I cooed when we imagined Jenny in a swimsuit and I'm sure we had the same image as well.
Crystal disappeared again and we had to look for her but she was obviously somewhere where swimsuits are involved. We reached a store that specialized in women's clothing and getting in there made me very uncomfortable and for some reason Amber turned red. After a while of following Jenny around the store Crystal showed up and took Amber out of the store while Jenny was trying something a swimsuit on. She showed up again taking another swimsuit and noticing that Amber and Crystal are gone and giving me an evil grin.
"Could you come in here for a sec. I want to show you something." She said after poking her head out.
"Why?"
"Could you please stop doing that? It's very annoying."
"Yeah yeah," I walked in and I was surprised at the size of that fitting room; it looked like it was made for 2 people at once with only a curtain to separate the space and Jenny was naked again making me hard again. "Did you call me in here to show off?"
"Oh god," She moaned pushing me against the wall and kissing me lustfully. "Fuck me now!" Those words made me feel like my pants were about to rip apart.
"Relax," I said undoing my belt and dropping my pants while kissing her.
"No! We only have 20 minutes, can't waste it." She stretched the neck of my shirt just to take it off and damn that was hot. I lifted her left leg and she was surprisingly flexible, she put her leg on my shoulder and started lowering her pussy opening to my standing pole. I missed that feeling, her warmth, her breathing, her sweet scent, her tightness, her wetness and most of all her lust, "Oh god I've missed this," Slowly I started moving managing my breathing, she rammed her hips into mine reminding me of the time we have.
I started fucking her faster getting a louder moan, she seemed to forget that we were in a public store and that was my fault so I kissed her as lustfully as she does me making her choke on air. With her moaning partially suppressed I continued with my fast pace. Suddenly she gasped, breaking the kiss, looking at the ceiling and screamed, "OH MY GOD I'M CUMMING!!" Her pussy got tighter, her grip got tighter and then she bites my left shoulder trying to decrease he moaning making me scream, "Oh my god!" She stopped biting me after she heard me scream and giggled while looking me in the eyes.
"Not funny." I said looking away.
"You screamed." She laughed getting her leg off me walking to the other side of the fitting room. She bent over like she was picking something up and looked back, "Continue?" I killed the 1,5 meter between us like it was a centimeter. With a single stroke I entered her making her cry out in lust, from there I started fucking her at the same speed hat made cum earlier. I adjusted my angle so I can go for her G spot and moved my hand to her pussy so I can rub her clit, she held my hand moved it up to her tits and started rubbing her clit aggressively. I felt her juices slowly go down my leg going for my pants so I somehow kicked them off.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP THIS ISN'T YOUR FATHER'S STORE!! FUCK!" Some female screamed out from the other fitting room.
"Oh my god..." Jenny screamed out in ecstasy tightening her grip around my dick making me gasp. She started banging the wall with her hand while moaning, "oh my god!" After a while of pounding and moaning her legs started shaking, giving me a reason to fuck harder. With every thrust trying to lift her from the floor getting a louder gasp than the last. I thought I could keep it up for longer but my balls reacted first.
"I'm about to cum."
"DON'T YOU DARE PULL OUT!!" She screamed ramming my dick in to her at a force that would have pushed me if I wasn't holding on, making her pussy tighter than ever. She continued ramming her ass into me, she even shaking it and all I thought was, damn you wanna get pregnant or what? that and bruh. I felt close to cumming so I grabbed her hips and started fucking like my life depended on it. With 3 or less thrusts I gripped her tighter preparing for release and she was screaming louder, moaning louder and even leaking harder. With a deep breath I pushed harder than I ever did lifting her off the floor with a gasp and even slipping on her juices on landing but I managed to catch her because I was still cumming.
"Oh shit..." I gasped still catching my breath still holding on to her while she's still cumming. "Should I let go?"
"Nooo," She said closing her eyes a little while having small vibrations through out her body. After a few seconds she finally opened her eyes, "You can let go now, thanks for holding on." She finally regained her balance and started walking away from me. She leaned over the chair with her pussy dripping with the little bits of cum I had left in her; honestly I was surprised at the load. "Damn I'm beat. You beat me, good job." She said turning to me.
"Yeah I know I'm amazing." I said putting on my pants, "Pass me my shirt,"
"Yeah..."
"So... Don't you dare pull out? Wanna get pregnant of my seed?"
"No... It's just a reflex, only you can trigger it." She said putting on her jeans after a lot of stretching.
"Aw shit look at my shirt, it's fucked up now. Your lust fucked up my shirt." I checked my shirt for other parts part it was just the neck.
"Quit your bitching I'll buy a new one."
"Hey don't flex on me."
"I'm not flexing I'm showing off..." We laughed hysterically at her justification because it was similar to what Mert would say, with a straight face. "Black or blue? Black I'ma get you black." She said leaving me in the fitting room.
"Damn my shirt is dead. But I did kill that pussy thou." The voices in my head started cheering making me feel better until I saw someone enter the room but just assumed it was Jenny. "Damn that was fast, do you work here? If so then I'll believe you."
"Well I do work here that's for sure." Her voice was similar to the one who told us to shut the fuck up.
"You're not Jenny, are you a threat?" I turned to look at her, well she was wearing a black and white shirt, C cups but looked like B cups and she was wearing black jeans. She looked a lot like the store's tenant. Her name tag said Alice but I was too ignorant to care.
"Depends, are you threatening?" She started walking towards me without a change of expression.
"If I was threatening you wouldn't be standing." I said putting on a cold expression.
"Oh really?" She was trying to have a standoff with me. She wasn't really taller than me she was just 6ft5 and I'm still 6ft but I can take her.
"Trust me the best thing you have now is to walk away."
"So youarethreatening."
"If I was threatening I would have said something about kicking your shins, nose, knee and your temple then you would not be standing and trust me I don't guarantee that your life will be spared." I wanted to add an evil laugh but it would seem like I was joking.
"Why would you do that?" She said trying to keep her expression straight.
"Depends, are you threatening?" I broke eye contact after I realized my certified my win. "It's a reflex really."
"That? A reflex? You've got to be"
"So babe check it, I got you a shirt, black and I'm sure it fits but I'mma help you wear it." Jenny said rushing in and seeing me with the store tenant. "Alice what the fuck are you doing with my boyfriend? Don't tell me you're? Oh no look he's fine so relax."
"I noticed," Alice said waking to Jenny. "Not sure if he's stable or not but he's fine... I think," She said walking past her and stopping behind her, "I don't think triggering him is the best idea thou,"
"Nah don't worry about it, he's cool." Alice turned and looked at me and made an "I see" look.
"Okay cool," She walked out then when Jenny started walking to me with a grin she came back in rushing, "Oh and if you pull that shit again I'll fine you."
"Yeah yeah fine." She continued walking to me and she looked very happy and that made me happy as well. She helped me put on the shirt even if she made it harder to put on with her kisses but it was all good after she we were done. "So how do you like it?" That question kinda made me think she was playing wife and I loved it but I can't play the play the part.
"It's great, it's a little tight... and dry... and new, wait isn't this a shop that specializes in women's clothing?"
"Yes, but the men's store is like far so I improvised and besides no one will notice."
"Don't worry about it, I like it." I kissed her on the forehead and she blushed. "Alright then. Let's go, your 20 minutes is almost over, you have like 2 or less."
"Yeah probably," She held my neck and kissed me, "Thank you for the good time." Somehow that made me feel like she paid me to this, kinda felt shitty but she was still complimenting me. I just looked her in her eyes, smiled and kissed her back.
"You're really flexible, very flexible, I like that... a lot." I said trying to change the topic while we were getting out of the store.
"Yeah I did Tae-kwon Doe when I was 12 but had to stop due to some shit." She looked really proud when she said that it was like she used to be the master or something.
"Were you good?" She nodded. "What about your swimsuit?" I asked her when we were leaving the store thinking that she left it at the till.
"Oh shit! It's in the changing room, why didn't you tell me, I'll be back." I guess I was wrong, I looked to my right and saw Amber and Crystal with bags walking to me.
"Sooo, are you done?" Crystal asked this like she knew about what we did and then took a deep sniff at me. "So you did." She said biting her lip. She turned to look at the store to see Jenny getting out, she walked to her and took a sniff at her too. "You owe me one Jennifer." Crystal is smarter than she seems apparently.
"We leaving or not?" Amber said taking her hands out of her pockets and folding them.
"Decided on your swimsuit?" Crystal asked Jenny checking her bags.
"Of course I do, Amber?"
"We're both ready Jenny. What about your boyfriend? You're coming right?"
"Females only? Not going, definitely not going."
"Don't worry about it, he'll come and besides there will be other guys there right?"
"Of course they will be there," Crystal responded with grin that was mixed with sarcasm which really made me think about not going but Jenny was involved so what could go wrong?
"So he's coming. So what do we do now?" Jenny said checking her watch. "It's 3,"
"How about a movie," Crystal said with a high pitched voice grabbing everyone's attention by force. It was good idea to pass time and everyone looked like they were cool with it, "Something erotic," And she ruined it. "I'm kidding, I'm kidding. How about something fun, exciting and most of all interesting." I tagged along with them to watch the movie and everything else; just tagging along. I really didn't have shit to do so hanging out with them was the best I got, traded a bunch of "fuck you" glances from dudes and a few "who the fuck are you?" from girls but it was worth it.
After watching the movie they decided that they should save their energy for tomorrow so it was time to home. The ride home was long, loud and crazy with Jenny talking about how she's excited for tomorrow and Crystal harassing me like she's on drugs it started to feel like me and Amber were the only ones who were normal. We reached the block where I got off last time at 7pm; Jenny insisted that she must drop me off right at the door and with me being lazy I did not disagree.
Chapter 10
The door was unlocked when I got in and I found Maggie sitting on the stairs wearing a black vest and black sweat pants and damn... she looked badass. "Maggie... Waiting for me as usual I see," I said with a prideful smirk.
"So you..." She stood up. "So you tell your parents that I'm being overprotective of you? You of all people? I'd care about the devil before I try to be overprotective of you."
"Don't worry about it was just playing the part."
"Jay?" Liz said coming out of the sitting room and seeing me, "HE'S BACK!"
"OK!" Susan said from the other room.
"We were about to order pizza you in?"
"Yeah but first a shower,"
Liz walked to me and took and deep sniff at me. "Yeah you should. You smell like the sun, like if the sun had but sex with a fire on a carpet, like if you rubbed 2 rubber bands together and you"
"Could you stop painting the picture?" Maggie stopped her stepping away from me and standing on the stairs. "I haven't smelled him yet but I already know what he smells like."
"Wait you were listening?"
"You're welcome." Liz said walking to Maggie and smelling her. "You smell better than him." She walked away leaving Maggie with a "what the fuck?" expression on her face.
I walked up to her and kissed her on the cheek. "She's just fucking with you and besides it's not like she kissed you or something."
"You know she has been harassing me the whole day, I just didn't notice till now. I'm gonna punch her."
"Nah, it's not a smart move and if you hadn't noticed till now it means that she was not clear so there is a chance that you've been misinterpreting her actions."
"Are you defending her?"
"No, I'm going to take a shower, just don't punch her. K?"
"Yeah yeah I won't. Just come down before I lose it."
"Okay." I went up stair and took a warm shower, changed my clothes and went to the closet feeling lighter than I woke up. I looked over to my phone and a message was unopened. I thought it was Maggie telling me that she's losing it but it was my dad.
Dad: Hello Johnson.
August: Dad, how are you?
I waited for a while until he responded. We rarely talk so I didn't know what he wanted to talk about, we usually exchange hellos in the mornings but we're just being polite to each other; we were basically roommates.
Dad: I'm fine, I'm actually doing great. If I had a choice I wouldn't come back.
August: I'm fine too and I'm happy here as well.
Dad: Really!? I didn't think you'd make it through the 1st2 weeks. So now I owe Mike.
August: I'm genuinely happy. I even have a girlfriend and you said I'd have to wait till I'm in collage to get the balls to ask some one out. You owe me.
Dad: Okay yeah. Do you know anyone by the name, Jenifer Morris?
August: Yeah that's my girlfriend... How did you know? I never told you that.
Dad: Do you know an Alan Morris?
August: I'm not sure but I do know an Alan.
Dad: Female?
August: She's Jenny's mom. You know her?
Dad: Yeah she's my ex, 3 years b4 I met your mom.
August: What about her?
Dad: She wanted to know about you.
August: When?
Dad: 2 weeks ago.
August: I just met her today, she has big boobs, very big.
Dad: You met her!!? WHAT DID SHE DO?
August: Nothing. She just asked me a few questions about me and Jenny. She's a little overprotective but she just cares about her daughter. I think if she met someone else she would scare them just by the way she speaks. But she's nice.
Dad: Glad that you think that. Honestly I thought you'd see the way she acts and start avoiding her daughter which will be shit and you would see her dark side.
August: Okay. Is that all?
Dad: Look I don't want you hurting her daughter. She's been trying to dominate me ever since I broke up with her and if you fuck up I will sell you in my place. Your mom won't happy about that but you know the rules. Just don't let her have any leverage over you. Okay?
August: Leverage like having unprotected sex with her daughter?
Dad: Yeah that would be YOU WHAT!?
August: I'm having sex with her daughter but it's safe. I
Dad: Good good good. You're already having sex. Good good good.
August: Praise me more and I might forget about our bet.
Dad: Use a FUCKING condom.
August: Yeah noted.
Dad: Remember what I said and you'll be fine just avoid being in the same room as her alone. She might rape you since you look like me.
August: Still using sub-text to praise yourself I see. Is that all?
Dad: Yes. I'm proud of you kid. I'm not sure about your mother though she told me to stay away from Alan because she might break me or I'll break her and now you're going in the same steps as me.
August: I'm not sure if I should be proud or not.
Dad: You should because it's me; your DAD. Well I'll see you in time. I think I'll start dating again.
August: Yeah. Good for you man. Good good good.
Dad: Still proud of you August Diamond Johnsons.
August: Using that name.
Dad: (offline.)
I finally got out of my room and went downstairs. When I got to the sitting room the pizza was already there and only 2 slices were left. Liz was lying on the floor and Lisa was on the couch beside her, looking at her phone and Maggie was on the one opposite to them, they were watching a movie or they were ignoring me but it didn't matter. "What're you watching?" I said closing the box and sitting down.
"A movie." Liz said without even looking back to me and I heard Lisa grunt.
"Okay. Where's mom?"
"In the house." This time I heard Maggie grunt. She was playing the cold shoulder and it seemed like everyone agreed on it and Liz was the one who could do it right. I didn't know what to do when someone is giving me a cold shoulder and I still don't. I usually say fuck you and get away from the person but now it seemed like they were expecting something.
"OH SHIT! LIZ GET THAT SPIDER OFF YOUR HAIR!"
"OH MY GOD LISA, GET IT OFF, GET IT OOFF!" Liz screamed without moving and if there was a real spider on her that reaction would be safe but its not real.
"WHERE IS IT? WHERE IS IT!?" Lisa also screamed jumping to the edge of the couch. Maggie started laughing at them mercilessly; you'd think she's not the older sister and I fucking joined her and there were hilarious looking for the "spider" in her hair.
"It's not funny." Liz said turning to me.
"AND I'M STILL LAUGHING!" I said without even looking at her and Maggie was still laughing too.
"Yeah not funny." Lisa said and surprisingly these were here first words to me since we had sex, we just didn't talk.
"Oh my god you have a voice?" I teased her after I composed myself.
"Yeah what'd you expect?" She smirked looking at her phone.
"Why'd you have to do that? You know I hate spiders."
"I didn't but I do now. So what you ready to talk?"
"Fuck you,"
"I'm the one who fucks. How about we play truth or dare? I'ma get a bottle." I went to the kitchen and found Susan in there pouring vodka into a glass with ice.
"Here use this." She said handing me the bottle and it was almost done.
"There's still something in here."
"Finish it, you can do it right? Go for it." She said leaning over the table.
"So you drink it pure?"
"No it's diluted." She shook her glass.
"Well I do." This was not the first time I drank vodka, so I poured it down like I was water but it was not and my throat felt like it was about to vomit blue fire. "OH SHIT! My... thing..." I said gasping for air which also felt like fire.
"Hha! You actually did it? Is this your first time?" Susan laughed at me before taking a sip from the glass.
"No I actually did this with my dad, making a toast to me turning 18 like 8 years ago."
"Oh isn't that cute. Alright then," She said stretching. "See you in the morning." She started walking away humming a song.
"What are you doing now, upstairs?"
"Work," She turned looking at me.
"Work?" I looked in her eyes for utterly no reason but I guess she had something else in her mind.
"Yes work, I'm working." She said looking away. "Okay I'm not working, I'm just sitting on my bed reading a book, peacefully."
"Good night Susan." I waved to her.
"Good night," She turned and continued walk away. She raised her glass and shook it. "Work,"
"Yeah work." I started walking towards the sitting room and I was looking forward to this truth or dare. "So how about we play truth or dare I have the bottle."
"Pshh yeah," Lisa said without looking up from her phone again.
"Yeah we are."
"Maggie? You in?"
"Yeah I'm not."
"Rhetorical question. You're in by default, if we had to vote you'd still be in."
"Oh yeah, playing the most perverted game with the most perverted person. Isn't that a great idea."
"Hey Liz is not that perverted."
"I'm talking about you "AJ""
"Yeah I know you are. So any rules?"
"Yeah! You can't say truth more than 3 times if you do, it will be an unconditional dare."
"Okay, if you can do the dare, you owe the darer 3 truths." Maggie added standing up.
"So what? You waiting for me to tell you how to sit around the table?"
"Damn you don't have to be a dick." Liz said sitting on the couch next to Lisa.
"Hmm I'm used to doing this sitting on the floor." Lisa pointed out putting her phone down.
"Yeah it feels kinda weird." Liz said getting up and sitting on the floor and the rest of us following her.
"Look at you, using your brain." I chuckled looking at Liz and her giving me a glare.
"I'm starting." Liz said taking the bottle from me. "Then Lisa, then her and then you." She spun the bottle as fast she can hopping that it will land on me but it landed on Maggie. "Shit," She looked at me and grinned. "Okay its okay, I can do this. Truth or dare?" She said looking Maggie right in her eyes.
"Truth I guess." She said making the, "obviously" gesture.
"Are you a virgin?" Liz asked narrowing her eyes.
"Of course I am." She replied still making the gesture, you'd think she was lying.
"Wait what didn't you guys like al"
"My turn!" Lisa said putting her hand on the bottle and looking at me. She spun the bottle and it landed on Maggie again but Maggie didn't look raddled up but this at all on the contrary she looked very relaxed. "Truth or dare." She turned to Maggie with a poker face like she wasn't even interested in the game at all.
"Dare,"
"Tongue kiss Liz for 18 seconds." The dare took us all by surprise even Liz was surprised, I looked at Lisa to try a grasp what she was thinking but she just gave me the, "you're next" look.
"Wait what!?" Maggie said at a very confused tone and we all knew where it was coming from and here we thought Liz was the twisted one. "Okay. 18 seconds right?" Lisa nodded. Maggie crawled to Liz who was still fazed but was trying to play it cool, she reached her and sat right in front of her. She flashed her seductive smile at Liz, looked her in the eyes, grabbed her neck and head and went in for the kiss. The kiss looked smooth, sweet and properly executed. Liz tried to take control but she failed and closed her eyes and relaxed, there was no way she could beat Maggie at kissing she was a god at using her mouth and I know that first hand. During all this Lisa was looking at me, she wasn't even trying to make eye contact she was just looking at me with that plain expression and she had planned something and now she was just looking at her target, expressionlessly. Suddenly Maggie pulled back, "18 seconds." I heard a faint no from Liz and it was expected.
"On the dot." Lisa said smiling and looking at Maggie. Liz also looked like she had acquired a target but it wasn't me, it was Lisa who didn't even care.
"My turn." Maggie said picking up the bottle just so she can put it back on the floor. She spun it and it landed on Liz glowed up when it did. "Truth or dare?"
"Dare! dare!" Liz said almost jumping.
"Energetic huh? Go get me juice in the kitchen in my glass and put ice in it."
"What?" Liz looked crushed, disappointed and almost triggered, but it was on her.
"Kitchen, juice, ice, c'mon then. Move it." Liz after hearing that lost hope in getting whatever she wanted.
"Okay." She stood up and stretched a little. "Don't play until I get back."
"Dickmove." I said looking at Maggie. "Now she's all broken and soggy. Dickmove."
"Nah don't worry about it."
"You're planning something aren't you?"
"Obviously,"
"Thought so," Lisa said picking up her phone. Liz came back after a while and she looked like she splashed some water on her face before doing the dare.
"Still waiting? Had to go to the bathroom," She said handing Maggie the glass.
"Don't worry about it." I spun the bottle and it landed on Lisa. "Truth or dare?"
She smirked and looked at me, "Dare,"
"Show me your boobs for 30 seconds." No one was surprised at that dare but I at least expected anything but a "sure why not?" expression from Lisa; she's completely uncaring. She lifted up her shirt and her tits were beautiful and the seemed like they had grown from the C cup I used to know. After 30 seconds she covered her jewels and gave me a faint smile which made me feel a little better.
"Ok this shit's getting boring." Liz said spinning the bottle and it landed on me but she looked completely uninterested in the game any more. "Truth or dare?"
"Dare."
"Oh God I'm so bored." I was still waiting on her to call the dare but she was getting heavy. "I don't know, go take a photo with mom or something, I don't care."
"Yeah okay." I went upstairs thinking about what Maggie's plan was but stopped thinking about it when I got to the door after I remembered that this was my first time coming to this room and it honestly felt weird but got better after I realized that it was Susan's room. I knocked on the door the door and Susan said come in like she was expecting me. "Hi again, you still not asleep?"
"Oh it's you." Her expression said she was expecting else someone to come. "What are you doing here? Come to give me a good night kiss? No wait I got this, your room is too cold so you've come to warm up with me? Okay then. I've always had space for my kids in the bed so I definitely have space for you." She said opening up her covers showing me her light night dress with nothing under it and I thought she slept naked.
"Nah, I'm saving that for another night. I've been dared to take a picture with you."
"Really how many?" She asked even though she heard me say a picture but this was a great excuse to take a picture with her.
"I don't know Liz wasn't specific."
"Let's take 5." She said opening her hands to me while sitting on the bed. In the first picture I was sitting between her legs and boobs. In the second we had our faces put together. The third she took it with me pressed against her boobs like I was crying and she was comforting me. In the forth picture she had pulled me onto the bed and took the picture while we were both on the bed. "Okay let's try to be appropriate."
"Okay." I took the last pic with me sitting on the bed and her waving to the camera behind me.
"Tell me August what does Liz want?"
"What do you mean?" I said going through the pictures and damn they looked hot.
"She came in here and said how far are you willing to go to get what you want?"
"What did you say?"
"I said that it depends on what you want because what people want isn't always what they should want nor what they can get since it's sometimes impossible to get what they want."
"Smart, that's a really smart answer especially with a teenager." I saw her nodding with agreement looking very proud. "Well don't worry about it Maggie is just playing a prank on her and now I know how she reacted to it." I said standing up off the bed. "We only took one picture in here right?" She nodded again. I got out of the room and walked down the stairs and realized that I was hard but dismissed it hoping it would go away.
"Well you took your sweet ass time." Maggie said as it was sitting down.
"Bathroom break. Hey Liz look I took the picture."
"I don't care." By now she was just sitting with us because she doesn't have better shit to do.
"My turn." Lisa said spinning the bottle and it landing on me was too much to believe and scary but I was not going down without a fight. "Truth or dare?"
"Da"
"Strip."
"Wha"
"Strip." She started to sound like she was ordering me to do it and I hate orders.
"Oh just do it." Maggie said like she knew that I was about to flip Lisa off.
"Okay." I said after taking a deep breath and started taking my clothes off.
"Oh woopty fucking doo! He's talking his fucking clothes off." So far me and Lisa were ignoring her while waiting for Maggie to act up. I got to my underwear and stopped sat down after remembering that I was still hard, well semi hard in this case.
"I said strip not half strip."
"Do it yourself." I said looking Lisa in the eyes and she just smirked.
"My turn." Maggie said spinning the bottle, it spun like 3 times and landed on Liz but I was too focused on figuring out Lisa's next move. "Truth or dare?" She said looking Liz in the eyes.
"Dare." She responded looking like she wants to be dared to go up to her room.
"Come here." Maggie said giving Liz seductive smile, Liz didn't respond but she crawled to her like she was in trance looking at Maggie with somewhat teary eyes. Maggie held her head and kissed her for a while then pulled back with Liz's lower lip and kissed her again but this time it was more sensual and more passionate. Liz raised her hand trying to hold Maggie but she was too slow. Maggie turned her and got on top of her and started kissing her more lustfully.
I looked at Lisa who looked at me in the eyes faintly smiling. She smirked and looked at my crotch, I looked down to see my hard dick being held down by my underwear. I smiled and looked up and she was already in front of me smiling. She also held my head but she smiled other than to kiss me and after seconds of looking me in the eyes she finally kissed me. She pushed me to the floor while she was kissing me. "How have you've been?" She turned to look at Maggie and Liz. "I've missed you."
"You planned this didn't you?"
"Can't say," She said kissing me again. "So you want me to take it off?" I raised my crotch forcefully breaking her balance, getting on top of her and holding her arms in place. She looked at me and smiled, "Tired of being dominated?" She said doing a sit up to kiss me.
"I never was." I sank to kiss her and looked back to Maggie and Liz and they were going at it at with no restrictions. "How about we take this somewhere else?"
"Great idea." Maggie said getting off Liz, standing up and holding out her hand for her. Liz blushed before she took it but eventually did and they left holding hands with other one blushing like it's her first date. Lisa and I sat there for a while and it was some-what awkward.
"So how about we take this somewhere else?" I said getting off her.
"Yeah sure why not?" I was planning on holding my hand out for her but after Maggie did it and kinda looked old. I picked up my clothes and we walked upstairs without saying a word to each other until we got to my room. Lisa let out a huge relived sigh after we got in. As I was closing the door Lisa took off her shirt, walked behind me and put her hands on the door behind me like she was blocking me, "So you don't wanna be dominated any more?"
"I never was." I said taking her hands down just so she won't try to slap me again, "I was just being nice."
"Really?" She responded pulling her hands from mine and putting them back on my shoulders. "I can change you mind." She said moving in for a kiss but stopping right on my lips without kissing me, "Literally." I chuckled, took her hands off my shoulders and started kissing her anywhere but the lips pushing her on the bed and letting of her hands. I started kissing her on her tummy getting sweet gasps from her. I pulled down her shorts with her panties at the same time while kissing her. I went down slowly not rushing anything and I also wanted her to give up on the thought of dominating me without using force.
"OH MY GOD FUCK!" Liz screamed from the other room making me smirk. I looked up to Lisa who looked at me like she wants to say hurry and that I was never gonna do.
"Please." She said still looking down to me and she didn't even look like she meant it. I eventually reached her pussy with my kissing. Her pussy looked very good, welcoming and she neatly trimmed it after shaving it making it look more appealing.
"Relax... Either that or get out." I saw her nod. I first used my fingers to test her sensitivity by moving them along her slit, I moved them slow so that I can notice any change in her body. I moved my thumbs on top of her pussy and I felt her vibrate. I slightly moved my thumbs apart and kissed the opening getting another reaction from her. I started moving my thumbs up and down her pussy then I started licking her clit with my tongue while moving my thumbs.
"Oh yes..."She moaned trying to keep her voice and movements low. This reaction made me stop using my hands. I put my hands under her and started giving attention to her pussy with my tongue. I licked her pussy up to her clit and stopping at the clit to suck on it for a few seconds then going down her pussy my tongue sideways. Her breathing started to become heavier and heavier, her pussy getting hotter with every lick and my cock feeling like it's about to burst but for now I was busy with something else. I inserted two fingers in her while I was sucking her clit hearing her gasp in pleasure. I started moving my fingers inside her gently massaging her G spot while sucking her pussy increasing her vibrations.
Her moaning started to become more and more uncontrollable making her push my face onto her pussy, "OH YES!!" She screamed out not letting go pushing my head harder into her pussy. I stopped sucking her clit and started to fuck her with my fingers making her fall back on her back gasping for air. I used my thumb to rub her pussy while my index and middle fingers are going in and out of her. I reached with my left hand to cup one of her boobs then she suddenly grabbed my hand and started sucking my fingers lustfully. I went down on her again but this time I was eating her out not licking. I opened my mouth wide enough to fit her whole pussy in it and started sucking.
I fucked her with my tongue while she was sucking on my fingers. So far it was a challenge to see who will back out first but she came across the worst one to challenge. I increased my sucking speed making her let go of my hand and me going back to fondling her breasts. "I'm about to cum! I'm about to cum!" She moaned pushing my head to her pussy locking me with her legs and riding my face. I sucked her clit faster while massaging her G spot with her trying to suppress her voice and me trying to make her scream my name. "OH MY GOD I'M CUMMING..." Her pussy clenched up locking my fingers with her soundlessly screaming.
After a few seconds of being stuck between her legs I felt her grip weaken finally being able to move. I felt proud that managed to make her cum but the fact that she was possibly passed out on my bed made me want to sleep, somewhere else. "OH MY... LIZ WHERE'D YOU LEARN THAT!?" Maggie screamed out from the other room. "So how long do you plan on being down there?" Lisa said looking down to me.
"Oh you're still alive?" I smirked getting up and stretching getting ready for the next round.
"What do you take me for?" She said adjusting herself on the bed and me positioning between her legs.
"Warning... If you slap me I will slap you, if you squeeze my dick I will punch you. In the face... Cool?" I said looking at her while between her legs and she looked confused.
"Oh... you mean that. C'mon I was just playing with you. And you won't punch me... In the face." She responded while rubbing her pussy.
"Wanna bet?"
"Okay I won't do any of that... Unless I have to," She said giving me a sadistic smile like I enjoyed that shit. "So are you gonna" After hearing this I shoved my dick through the opening of her pussy making her scream, "OH MY GOD!" After screaming she put her hands on her mouth and her finger over her eyes not wanting to be like the other girls in the other room.
"Not to me." I said after putting my head beside hers. After saying this I started fucking her roughly and she was still trying to keep her voice to herself so I kept on thrusting through her suppressed moans. I felt really close to her in this position, with our bodies together her boobs on my chest and her erect nipples tickling me when I thrust but it was getting old. I started pulling my dick out to the tip and thrusting back in her hard at a more vigorous pace, later she took her hands off her mouth and put them around me. She started moaning uncontrollably while grinding her crotch to mine every time I pushed back.
Her moans turned to gasping holding on tighter to me her pussy got tighter as well. I moved my hands from beside her to her shoulders like I did with Liz then I started fucking her hard not even caring if I'm using my rape techniques or not. She put her legs on my back making me go deeper with every thrust increasing our skin contact, pulling me closer to her squeezing her boobs harder to me. I increased my fucking speed rubbing her clit with my pubic bone making her gasp for air like she's being choked. Suddenly she gave a long soundless gasp, her grip got tighter she pulled me closer with her hands and deeper with her legs, her pussy got tighter than before.
Griping me tighter, making me feel like my soul's being sucked out, that and my breath. She was having an orgasm, a very deep and sensual one and with my chest rubbing her nipples and my pubic bone rubbing her clit and at this position I think my dick was hitting her G spot; she hand no chance. I could feel the vibrations going through her body and with her teeth clenched the vibrations were focused almost all over her body. It was becoming harder and harder for her to keep her moans quiet. "FUCK!!" She screamed out. Letting go of her body, she enjoyed the pleasure of her orgasm, forgetting that I was there but still not loosening her grip.
After a few seconds she came down breathing heavily and sweating. She eventually let go of me but I still didn't pull my dick out, just waiting for her to catch her breath. "You know... You may not be the biggest cock that I've ever felt inside me but you're still the best of all of them." I took that as a really deep compliment but I just made her cum so that was irrelevant.
"Yeah... you're not the tightest I've ever felt but you're still the softest." After hearing this she tightened her pussy. "Yeah that won't work." I said smirking at her.
"So who was the tightest?" She asked after getting herself together and started breathing calmly now.
"Yeah I didn't ask you the who was the biggest question so don't ask me that." I lifted her right leg while she was lying on the bed and got in position beside her behind her. I positioned my dick so I can push it in with no interference or resistance. I put in slowly making her release the air she was holding after seeing that she had relaxed I started moving. At first I thought about moving slow but I lost the thought and started fucking her. I started fucking her faster letting her leg go and holding her hips and making sure that I don't lose my grip; I increased my speed more. She held up her leg when I increased my pace and started moaning louder not even trying to restrict herself.
I felt my pace weaken so I took my right hand and started rubbing her clit so she won't notice but she did. She started shaking her hips and ramming them to my crotch while moaning more than ever. I moved my hand and started rubbing her tits then I thought I could go deeper so I pulled back to the tip and shoved it faster than I could comprehend making her give a loud "Oh!" I was very happy that she liked that so I continued doing that for least until I recharge my stamina. I eventually increased my pace but she never stopped shaking her hips. She moved her hips more vigorously to the point that I felt like I was just there to keep my dick stable. Then she rammed her crotch to mine so loud that I think it was heard in the next room, she stopped moving and started rubbing her clit wildly, moaning louder than ever. She was cumming again and that gave me the opportunity to fuck her faster even with her pussy tightened.
She looked up and her eyes rolled; it was hitting her hard she was trying so hard to not pass out and she held on and didn't stop fucking her on the contrary I fucked her faster. "NO! NO! NO! STOP! YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?!" She screamed jumping off my dick and trying to catch her breath. I wanted to cum so bad but she was stopping me at every chance. "I already said you were great you don't have to prove it. Damn..." She was still catching her breath while lying on her back and honestly I was losing my desire to fuck, I just wanted to sleep. I silently lay next to her on the bed hoping to pass out, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I felt the bed move and thought she was getting off the bed but she was getting on top of me.
She put my dick inside her and leaned over to me. "Don't give up on me now..." She whispered to my ear, her hot breath, her lustful voice and her words were enough to make me want her more. She sat straight again and started moving her hips in a circular motion, "Remember this?" She whispered looking me right in the eyes while smiling. She bit her lower lip and started increasing her pace and I just put my hands on her hips helping her do her movements. Her breathing started to go more and more wild as she increased her pace, she took my hands off her hips and put them on her chest while rocked her head with a grin on her face.
She eventually broke her pattern and started rocking her hips back and forth and her moaning got louder. I moved my hand and started rubbing her clit. She increased her riding speed making me gasp and grunt at the same time, I took my hand off her pussy and put it back to her boobs and just enjoyed the ride. After a few minutes I felt my balls start to tighten like they were cold. "I'm gonna cum!" I gasped.
"Don't cum inside me!" She said not getting off me other than that; she rubbed her clit more and started moving faster.
"Then get off me!"
"NO!" She responded moaning and rubbing her clit more than she did earlier; she was trying to cum before me and she seemed close, very close. I sat up and grabbed her armpits and flipping her putting her below me and holding her legs pulling them every time I pushed in, took over her pace. I put my hand beside her and leaned over to her and fucked her faster but this time more smoother than ever. "OH MY GOD I'M CUMMING!" She said starting to vibrate under me and it was my time too. I tried to pull out but she blocked me with her legs while hugging me with a very tight grip. I tried to escape again and just when I was about to take out half of my dick she strengthened her grip with her legs pushing my dick back in to her.
She started moving her hips under me; fucking herself again. "Shit I'm gonna cum!" I screamed out hoping she'd let go but she didn't. My arms weakened and I gave my last resist, thrusting hard into her pussy I felt my balls relax and my cum flow. Both gasping we drowned in ecstasy not a sound left our mouths but if there was, they'd be as loud as they can be. After I came she let go of me allowing me to fall to the bed next to her catching my breath.
"I'll never forget you." She said holding my cheeks and smiling. I closed my eyes, let go of the air in my chest and slept.
Chapter 11
I woke up the next morning at about 5:30 and I felt like shit and not just because I was hungry but because of what I was doing, I felt fucked up. I took a shower, went to the bath tub and started thinking. I mean I went from a some-what lonely guy to a guy who's being told that he'll not be forgotten by some one who was not my girlfriend and the shittier part was that my girlfriend was my crush. I didn't wanna justify my actions but some how thinking about it made me hear a voice saying, "Didn't you want this?" Every time I'd hear those words I'd always respond with, "Yes and I'll take responsibility."
I thought about a lot of shit in that tub to the point that I didn't realize that an hour had passed and the water was getting cold. I reached the conclusion that since I found what I wanted then every one else will get what they want but only if I can grant the wishes. "Doing my best doesn't necessarily mean that I have to push myself." I thought coming out the bathroom. I found Liz lying on my bed wearing one of Maggie's shirts. "What are you doing?"
"Trying to sleep... didn't sleep last night." She said turning and she looked tired.
"Yeah that's Maggie... She's the horny version of the devil." I sat next to her on the bed and remembered the pain I had in my lower back.
"So you going to the party?" She said turning her head and looking at me.
"Yeah, what was the time again?"
"Well it'll start at 10 and we'll leave at 45... And... that's...all." She said while dozing off and eventually slept. I got up and put on my clothes and walked to Maggie's room, luckily it was not locked.
"Ah doing push-up I see. Did mine when I woke up." I waited for her to finish her set before I said anything else because I also hate having to talk when I'm doing my training.
"Thank you for waiting." She said getting up. "I'll be back... 38 minutes." She continued walking to the shower and I was then again alone. I was really bored in there, I thought about joining her but I already had my shower and the funny thing was that I only came in here just because Liz's sleeping on my bed. She eventually came back wearing only her black panties. "So, what brings you to my territory? Here to challenge me? Poor poor choice..." She stopped and shook her head. "I'm gonna make you cry." She grinned walking towards me.
"Nah I don't want to challenge you." I said lying on my back on her bed with my hands behind my head. "Just bored. That's all."
"Yeah I know what you mean." She responded lying in the same position I was in and giving a "I just woke up" sigh and smiling. We lay there without saying a word to each other just relaxed and seeing no need to talk. "Oh yeah, where's Liz?" She said turning to me.
"My room. Apparently she didn't sleep last night."
"Yeah I wrecked her." She cooed with a smirk. Then after that we just lay there continuously sighing and groaning in laziness.
"You know, it's been a while since I tasted you." I said sitting up and looking at her. She just looked at me and gave a "Hhe" and looked away. "Don't worry... I'll fix that." I stood up and got between her knees. I place my hands on her knees, sliding my hands up her thighs, pulling down her plain panties and lightly moving my finger tips up her leg reaching her knees, pushing her legs apart. She was starting to breathe heavily, it has been a while since I did this and my heart was racing as well. She always had kept a slightly hairy pussy; she managed it well. Slowly spreading her pussy lips apart with my thumbs, she was starting to glisten with her juices. I slide my thumbs up her folds, opening the skin up, pushing her inner labia apart and revealing her slowly swelling clit. She sat up and looked at me. "You okay?" I asked looking up to her.
"Yeah it's just..." She stopped. She wanted to stop me, she always wants to stop but now she just couldn't. I closed my eyes and looked at her again and then I gave her an assuring smile. She finally started to look relaxed. I leaned over to her pussy and darted my tongue out licking the juices she was giving out. "Ahh... Do it again," She groaned stretching out her neck. I did it again but this time I stopped at her clit making her gasp loudly. Mouthing it fully I began to circle my tongue around it without sucking it. She started grinding on my face while gasping loudly, the faster I did it the louder she gasped.
I took my hand and slid it across her lips and she stopped gasping and started humming lewdly. I lowered my hand and cupped on of her breasts and rubbed her nipple with the palm of my hand. I moved my mouth off her clit and used my under tongue to lick downwards so I can move to her entrance but other than to put it in when I got there I would just lick upwards again. She was beginning to moan a little but still keeping her lips tight; she probably doesn't want to repeat last time's events. I returned my attention to her pussy opening it felt hot maybe even hotter than last time. I opened my mouth as wide as I can and covered her pussy and started sucking out her juices and hearing her moaning get louder told me that I was doing a good job.
I stopped licking and put my hands under her thighs and got a good grip and started fucking her with my tongue. Faster and faster I moved my tongue in and out, hearing cries of ecstasy and pleasure. She no longer cared about last time she was going wild, moaning unconditionally, ridding my face while tightly holding on to the bed sheets. I looked up and her tits were heaving up and down but not catching up with her breathing and panting. I pulled her thighs to me and pushed my tongue deeper in her getting her juices and moans in return.
"YES! YES! YES!" She screamed falling back. She moaned louder and louder pushing my head onto to her hot, boiling pussy. She gave out a squeal of ecstasy, grinding on me harder. The heat in her pussy was increasing and she was getting wetter. She was ridding my face making me as wet as her with her juices getting smeared all over my face making little squish noises every time she pressed to me. I moved my hand off one of her thighs and put my mouth on her clit and started sucking on it. She gave a loud gasp and changed the tone of moaning as I put my finger in her and fucked her with it.
"Oh suck me! SUCK ME!!" She was screaming louder than ever, riding my face while holding it down on her pussy. Sliding in and out, I fucked her tight pussy, feeling her tight pussy around my finger after a while I insert the second finger. Continuing with my fucking motions she let go of my head and started rubbing her nipples. I turned my fingers upwards so I can also feel her G spot. She was twisting and squealing of my finger, feeling my hair and rubbing my head in the process.
"OH SHIT!"I heard her gasp. I can feel her muscles start to tense as she builds to her climax, I continue to suck her clit and fuck her with my fingers, watching her face as she comes with a loud shriek. She went over the edge with this orgasm and it seemed like it would last longer than the last one I gave her. Her pussy walls milk my fingers as she climaxes and I release the pressure sucking her clit as she peaks and goes over into her happy place and continue to gently lick her until her breathing calms. I gave one last lick up and kissed my way up to her face.
She opened her eyes and I kissed her on the lips and pulled back with a smile. I saw her drop a tear in her right eye when I got on my feet and wiped my mouth. "I gave myself to you and you still won't do it." She said as I was walking away. I didn't hear her fully but I thought about it and I finally knew what she said when I reached the door.
"And you know why. So as long as you still think that..." I replied when I opened it. "I'm never gonna do it."
"Why won't you do it? You know that you're hurting her feelings." Susan said when I closed the door because apparently she was listening in but she looked serious now; it reminded of that time at the dinner table. She was wearing an apron but she was only wearing underwear inside it, I wanted to admire the view but I had to clear the air.
"She believes that I am her hero, that I'm the one who helped her with her communication problem or the one who helped her be more tolerant with her little sisters. But I didn't help her I just made her be comfortable with her likes and interest. I'm no hero and I didn't do her a favor so why must she return the favor that's non-existent? I'm just saying that she is how she is because of who is, not me." She loosened her serious expression.
"But,"
"No buts. I'm no hero." I said holding he shoulders. "Maggie needs to know that, I can't have her depending on me. What would happen when I leave, what if I die or better yet have a heart attack? She'll be crushed and I'll be to blame and I can't carry that. So maybe you can tell her that, because I'll never do it long as she thinks that... Even if she hates me." I said letting go of her.
"Okay I'll talk to her."
"Great maybe she'll listen to you. She thinks I'm being modest." I said walking away. "Oh and you look amazing in underwear, you should wear that more often." I added with a chuckle. "Alright sleepyhead, Fuck out my room... She's not here." I thought it was almost time to leave so I checked the time.
Maggie: So you're willing to that far huh? Just for me?
August: Yea... Y not?
Maggie:...
August: Ur probably thinking about a "but" right?
Maggie: Nah I get it. I'll try.
"Hey."
August: Yea u should. It's getting stressful...
"Hey."
Maggie: Don't worry about it... I'll try to accept.
August: Just don't force yourself to do anything bcuz it'll end up being like you're doing me a favor.
"HEY DICK HEAD!!!" Lisa screamed from beside me.
"You know... I've been trying to ignore you but you don't seem to get it huh?"
"Really?" She asked with a sad expression on her face.
"No no no! Relax I'm just fucking with you. So what do you want?"
"So you're just playing with me? I try to talk to you; you ignore me. And now you're just fucking with me? What am I to you?" She sat on my bed and sobbed while covering her face.
"Damn... Um look I'm sorry. Shit I didn't know you'd take it personally. I thought that you'd respond like Liz or something," I said rubbing her back.
"NOW YOU'RE COMPARING ME TO LIZ? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?"
"Ok ok sorry. But c'mon talk to me. What's up?" I responded trying to keep calm because panicking when someone is also erupting is the worst thing to do so I tried to equalize the atmosphere. "Damn this is a kick in the dick first Maggie then this? I guess shit is about to get worse." I thought.
"It's not worth it..."
"Wait wait wait. How about this... Um I'll grant you one wish. But only if it's in my capabilities."
"Really?" I tried to respond but it seemed like it was a rhetorical question. "How about you... How about... YOU TAKE A LOOK AT YOU FACE!" She screamed jumping up off my bed and giving a very evil laugh. I was still fazed to catch up to the situation but I looked into her eyes and they were red, it felt like she was complaining about something in the subtext and something really deep.
"WOW! You're amazing! I mean, I knew what was going but I still felt like it was something real." Liz said clapping her hands coming out of the bathroom.
"Hehe, It never get's old. I'll be downstairs, we leave in 30 minutes." She said leaving without looking at Liz. She probably didn't want her to see her eyes.
"Yeah she's good. I'll grant you a wish... Pfft priceless." I couldn't even respond to her because I was trying to get what Lisa was all about. "Aw you're probably hurt because we played with your feelings. Don't worry about it was just a joke." She said putting me against her chest and that was enough to put me back on track.
"Yeah you can let go now."
"Oh yeah, Mom said you should come down for breakfast if you plan on leaving this house." She let go and walked out of the room. I eventually went downstairs and had breakfast but Maggie was not there. I tried to look at Lisa so I can try to read her but she was avoiding eye contact but I got over it. I went to my room, got ready to leave and waited for them to be ready and I waited a while but they were finally ready after an hour.
When we were leaving Susan was already done preparing for her "Party." As always I was driving but today I totally got it because none of them knew where Jenny's house was so I kinda had to do it. It would usually take me 1 hour to get there but the passengers were not considerate so it took 1.5 hours to get there.
"Oh my god. I can't wait to see what the party would be like." Liz said when we got to Jenny's door, didn't even think twice before touching the door bell; she just banged it.
"Coming!" It was very odd that I was unable to hear the music; I really expected it to be loud and just because Crystal was the co-planner. After a few seconds Crystal opened the door wearing black back-lace piece. "Hi there! The party is in the back. Come with me!" She said walking away while shacking her ass to the music.
"Where's Jenny?"
"She's at the back too. Honestly you're the first ones to come through the front door. You probably didn't get the full scoop." She said laughing.
"Dumbass," Liz said punching me.
"Hey I didn't know!"
"WELCOME TO THE PARTY!" Crystal screamed when we got to the back and there were a lot of people I didn't know but since it was me it was expected. There were like 50 people and 80% of them were chicks, well I guess it made sense since it was female teenager's 18thbirthday. Before I knew it Liz and Lisa were already part of the crowd.
"JAY YOU CRAZY FUCKER!! YOU CAME TOO?" Mert shouted coming from behind me and spilling his drink in my shirt.
"AH! YOU DICKCHEESE! The fuck did you get the fucking reason to do that?"
"Fucking take it off. Do see me wearing a fucking shirt?"
"Dickmove..." I said taking it off. "Ok not that I care but who's there by you."
"Oh yeah this is my half brother, Kyle."
"But you're black."
"Yeah yeah, I know do you remember how I said my dad was a player. Yeah this is one of the results."
"Oh..."
"Yeah on that note. You sure you ain't one of my brothers?" He chuckled. "I mean that guy was notorious. And you'd think he'd do something like deny it but he actually brags about it." He continued. He loved talking about his father but some reason he says he doesn't want to be like him even though he brags about it ever time he gets the chance.
"Nah, it can't be that. So what is he? Is he like a wet blanket?" I said adding a fake grin and Kyle wasn't even paying attention on the contrary he looked like he was flirting with someone in the party.
"What're you gonna do if he is?"
"I mean my workshop can still operate... so you know we can harvest some organs and since its summer you know people are reckless with their kidneys and hearts."
"Oh I know what you mean, that's actually smart." He grinned back.
"What?" Kyle finally responded.
"But nah, he's cool. You won't believe this but he already got 12 numbers from chicks and made up with 8 of them."
"That's impressive."
"Impressive? It's fucking amazing! He's got the blood in him." He was really happy because of this and it was expected since his siblings are only girls. "Oh shit I almost forgot. I gat a great spot somewhere, come with me." We got to the spot and itwasgreat apparently he came way earlier because he had to come with the DJ.
"Where's Jenny?"
"Dude I don't know she's literally everywhere. Don't worry about it, she'll show up eventually." I just said okay and we just sat here talking about literally everything else. Kyle left after a while and also became part of the crowd.
I noticed a chick across the pool checking us out; Mert to be specific, licking her lips and everything. She was wearing a bright blue two piece bikini that matched her highlights. She looked very cute with her B cups and small ass she also had a tattoo on her leg but she too far for it to be clear enough.
"Yohw D," I said tapping Mert on his shoulder. "That chick's checking you out."
"Who?" He responded taking off his sunglasses.
"Right there between 10 and 11 o'clock."
"Let's see... Oh you mean Kathy?"
"Who?"
"Kathy, my girlfriend..." He waved to her and grinned she replied by giggling and rubbing her thighs together. "Yeah that's definitely my girl." He put his glasses back on and smiling. "Fun fact, she likes anime and she does cosplay for me."
"No shit?"
"Yeah, wanna see em?" After a prideful smirk he pulled out his phone and showed me the pictures and they looked amazing, she looked like a model I mean she isn't Jenny but she is a challenge.
"Baby?" Jenny said popping out in front of me wearing also wearing a black back-lace bikini.
"Oh shit is that you? You look amazing." She gave me little twirl with a giggle.
"Sup Mert."
"Yohw."
"How are you?" She said getting on top of me and putting her elbows on my shoulders. That position was very sexual to me so I did what I always do.
"I'm fine. How about"
She gave a loud moan and leaned over to my ear, "Please don't do this to me." She growled. "My 7 days just started this morning."
"Don't worry about it. This gentleman is just reacting to this sexy lady. How are you?"
She pulled back, "I'm also fine so how do you like the party? We planned it."
"It's great honestly, you outdid your self. So where's the human turning 18?"
"Somewhere... What you wanna meet her? I think you should."
"Nah I don't. I was just trying to sound nice. I don't wanna meet her I might defile her by mistake." I chuckled shamelessly.
"That's so like you. Okay look I have to go, I'll be back."
"Hey Jen, If I could grant you one wish what would it be?"
"I'd wish for you to move in with me." She said hugging me resting her head on my chest. "Well I have to go. Love you babe." She left after giving me a perk on the cheek.
"Aw that so sweet, and here I thought you two would never hook up." Mert smirked after sitting up and looking at me with proud eyes. "I'm proud of you dumbshit." I responded with a fuck you and we returned to doing nothing. After a few hours of harassing girls and laughing at guys trying to do poorly executed one-liners the clouds covered the sky and it started to be too cold to be outside. The party was continued inside the house now the house really looked big and everyone went back to what they were doing outside; it was like nothing happened. Mert and I started moving around until we got separated.
After a while of walking around aimlessly hoping to bump into Jenny by chance I finally got tired and went for the free table at corner of the room. As I was sitting minding my business; peacefully so, a pair of twins approach me and sit on my table. They looked identical but the other one's a female and other is male. The girl was 5'2 with A-cups under her sweater and the guy's 5ft; they just sat there staring and freaking me out but I got over it very quickly.
"Hello." I couldn't tell which one said it but I was still a nice guy.
"Hi, how are you?"
"Fine." They responded in unison and to me it was cute so I just smiled. "How areyou?"
"I'm fine." They didn't respond they just went back to staring, I tried to ignore it but it was starting to piss me off. I tried breathing techniques but they didn't work so decided to leave them with the table.
"Are you happy?" The female asked with an indifferent tone.
"Can I? I'm thinking about losing my cool because you keep staring like you're observing me. If you have any questions why not ask me straight up and avoid seeing why I have few friends."
"We're sorry."
"How about an introduction because I can tell that you know me so how about you? What are your names?"
"I'm Alex and this is my twin brother Alex." She said with a low chuckle.
"So yeah that's my cue to leave." I thought about finding Amber, maybe she might make me laugh or give me a reason to stay here.
"Ok ok look that's just an inside joke we sometimes use."
"Never gets old."
"Look I am Alex and this is my sister Alexis."
"Ok so what's up?"
"Are you happy?" Alexis said with the same indifferent tone she used earlier.
"Well happy is a matter of perspective really."
"What is your perspective on happiness?"
"Shit I don't know. I guess it's that feeling you get from accomplishing something but that can also come with relief so it's not pure. There's also feeling you get from feeling appreciated I think its happiness but it can also be pride. I can't specify on what my perspective on happiness is but I can tell the difference between it and sadness." I shrugged nonchalantly.
"So are you happy?" Alex asked in confusion of what I just said but was trying to keep a straight face.
"Oh that's simple." They looked like they were relieved to get a straight answer but I knew nothing about happiness. "I can not say that I'm happy because there are things that I want but I can not say that I'm not happy either because I have more than I had then."
"Dude come on! Just give a straight answer!" Alexis lashed out losing her patience but it was all going in vain. "Crystal said this was going to be fucking easy. Fuck!" She mumbled, it was low but managed to read her lips.
"So Crystal sent you? That's funny, very funny." I sarcastically laughed but the thought of someone investigating me really annoyed me but that person being Crystal really fucked with my head; a lot.
"Look Crystal didn't send us it was someone else. You see, me and my sister... We're"
"Mentalists? I'd say psychic but based on your reactions to my bullshit answers validated the fact that you need to observe someone so you can dissect them, which explains why you stared at me for a while and you probably got information from someone that I would not give an immediate reaction resulting in me leaving." I felt like L after this deduction and I felt like I could not be more right.
"Dude... No wearepsychic." Alex responded like he was losing his cool too and it was amusing.
"Well not necessarily... You see I thought I was a reincarnation of a war general but it turns out that my father used to read me "The Art Of War" when I was too young to remember but do you know what I remembered? Nothing, I remembered nothing but I managed to combine certain things from pieces of my memories and now I am made of the Art Of War. It's like it the filled me up with the knowledge I need to wage war. And it's mostly worthless but shit shit." I waited for a couple of seconds to deliver the killing blow and they finally looked me in the eyes at the same time. "You're not special."
"No but we are... You're an asshole!" He tried to keep his voice low but I guess it jumped out, I looked over to Alexis and she was looking at the table like she just lost hope and it started to look sad.
"Ok ok look, I'm a nice guy so I'll keep it to myself. Here's some advice... You do want advice right?"
"Just talk man you already destroyed my confidence what more can you break." Alexis murmured without even looking up.
"Ok. Next time, don't come at the same time; it raises suspicion. Two, if you do come together don't stare like you're plotting, no wait don't stare at all. Though it may be useful if you want your target to be at a specific state but not everyone reacts the same so don't risk it."
"Wait why should we listen?" Alex said still in disbelieve.
"What?"
"Why should we listen to you? You're not a mentalist you're just a guy who got lucky by giving us stupid answers. That doesn't make you smarter than any of us."
"Well I studied a lot on the subject of being a mentalist when I was trying to talk to my former crush so I studied a lot. And Iamsmarter than you, that is unquestionable."
"That doesn't prove anything you're just"
"Just let him finish." Alexis sighed holding his hand.
"Aw that's so sweet." Alexis looked up and grinned at me. "Ok yeah got it. Third, see your question "Are you happy?" its bullshit it's like walking up to a girl and saying, "Can I have you number?" so next time walk to the question don't jump. Like do some conversational foreplay or something long as it'll make them feel comfortable with talking you not what you did just now. Wait did someone ask you to ask me if I'm happy so they can see something about my relationship with Jenny? That would explain why you two "psychics" were sent. Let's see; her mother won't send anyone and her girlfriends will ask her directly but sending you two might help them certnify their speculations but you'd ask more specific questions if it was so. So I think it's a dude, ex, crush?" They just looked at me. "C'mon work with me here."
"It's Ken, he has a crush on Jenny and claims that you're bad for her but he needed proof and here we are." Alexis responded looking like she had accepted now Alex was left.
"Well that's poor in thought. Is he here?"
"Yeah Jenny invited him. He said he'll come after 15 minutes to meet you."
"And you had to play psychics. That's funny."
"Well he paid us so we had to compromise I mean it's that or"
"Will you please stop sucking his dick! You know what?" He stood up. "Fuck you both!" Alex flipped us off and left.
"Four never let your emotions get in line of your work or you'll lash out and expose yourself like you did or raise higher suspicions like your brother. That reaction will make one follow him to see if he'll report to the one who sent him and if that's not found out he'll be in danger because his stubborn and will not talk easily. So take care of him."
"Yeah... but honestly speaking are you happy?"
"Of course I'm happy why would I not be. I mean what I have now is more than I had then and it's more than I had expected but that also came with"
"Paranoia?"
"Yes,"
"The fear of losing something because you feel like you don't deserve it, so you reached a conclusion that you might lose it anytime so you're afraid." She was starting to sound like a therapist, a real one.
"Fear? No it's not fear, but your deduction was correct and I guess fear would be normal but not for me. To me it's like that feeling you get when someone is about to get bitten by a shark in the movies, that's how I feel."
"Oh so it's not fear. Shit I was so close."
"But you failed." Someone said coming from the direction Alex ran in. "Hi Alexis," He sat in the sit where Alex was sitting. "Alex told me that you failed." He's was Ken.
"Did he?" She responded sarcastically.
"Well yes he told me that you were sucking someone off here and I had to see it to believe it. You are sucking him off aren't you?" Alexis sighed and stood up, looked at me and smiled. Suddenly she jabbed Ken right in the nose and left. "YOU BRUTE!" He screamed and his nose started bleeding. "YOU FUCKING APE! I'M BLEEDING! FUCK! HEY YOU GET ME A TOWEL!" I'm not a fan of blood so I stood up to leave. "Yes know your place and get me a towel. Like the peasant you are."
"Oh you thought I'm getting you a towel? No I'm leaving." As I was leaving he started screaming at someone else but they just watched him. Thinking about that guy pissed me off every time the opportunity presented itself but he was not a threat so I kept on convincing my self that to keep my stability. I walked around till I saw Amber across the room and she was wearing shorts with a vest also black. She was standing with two chicks, one of them was Kelly and the other I didn't know and I just wanted to talk to Amber so I forgot about it and went back to looking for a free table.
"Hey Jay what the fuck are you doing man!?" Amber screamed coming from behind me.
"What?" I responded turning but still walking in reverse.
"What the fuck man? You don't see me and walk away. Fuck is wrong with you?" I was still walking in reverse and she was not stopping either than that she was speeding up; like she was chasing me.
"Hey hey hey, chill I saw you with some "gs" and thought you wanted some pussy. And besides it's not like I'm a people person." She looked like she had a lot to say.
"C'mon dude, don't be like that. We invited you to come and you did so relax, have fun." She real trying to be nice but she also sounded like I had a communication problem which I don't.
"I only have fun when I'm training," I closed in on her and put my hand on her shoulder and took a not so deep breath. "Or having sex."
"Psh ok... Let's have sex then." That really caught me off guard so much that I couldn't even show a facial expression.
"What?"
"Yeah I mean Jenny's days just started and I'm a good host so why not?" She was literally throwing missiles at me.
"What?"
"Oh chill dude, I don't wanna have sex with you... I mean I would if you bribed me." She said grinning at me.
"I'm still not going to convince Jenny to have sex you and I think that's cheating."
"Meh semantics... How about I introduce to the people? That would be fun right?" She really looked like she was insisting but I really didn't care.
"No," She didn't even listen; she just grabbed my hand and started pulling me around, I thought about resisting but I realized that it would help pass the time. So we walked around introducing each other and she went from calling me Jenny's boyfriend to calling me a co-host and it really did pass a lot of time. Later Lisa came to me with Liz drunk saying that it's time to go and I was worn-out from all the walking and talking and caring so I was basically ready to go. I found Jenny and told her we were leaving and she hugged me really tight and said that she'll miss me and we left.
Chapter 12
When we got home everyone was tired and Liz looked more intoxicated than when she left the party but Lisa said she'll take care of her. After rinsing myself I went straight to bed and it felt good to relax for sometime without someone asking me a question about me or Jenny.
I woke up very late and my lower back was getting worse but I had management techniques that might stall the pain so I was relaxed about that issue. After taking a shower I picked up my phone and sat on the recliner and started chatting with Jenny and Amber who was bitching about a hangover. Jenny said she wanted to sleep and Amber said something about vomit and piss. I went back to being bored until I heard the door open.
"Hey you still asleep?" Maggie said coming in completely naked and it really surprised me but only my dick could react.
"Nope I'm fully awake. What? Are you lost? That excuse doesn't work on me." She locked the door and walked to me very slowly; it almost like she was in a trance or hypnotized by something. "You're lost aren't you,"
"Shh," She put her finger on my mouth and smiled going down to pull down my shorts along with my underwear she smirked when she saw my erection. "Already ready?" She chuckled standing up. I was lost and didn't even know what she was thinking and it concerned me especially when she had a grin on her face. She raised her leg and put it on my left and put the other on my right she also put her hands around on my shoulders in a cowgirl position. We were both naked with her crotch above mine, I could feel her heat coming from her. She gave me a very faithful smile, closed her eyes and lowered herself slowly.
She pressed down and gave a gasp as I was fully inside her. She was not moving she just sat on top of me while breathing calmly taking her time on the contrary I was the one losing my shit. The heat from her body, the tight wetness from her pussy, her chest against mine and her soft skin on mine; it felt peaceful. She took a deep breath and interlocked her hands around my neck and pulled back. Without warning she started riding my dick with all the force she could muster, strengthening her grip, breathing almost as heavy as she does while cumming. She kept holding on to my neck with both arms as she pulled herself up and let herself slide down again, each time harder and faster. Her breasts were bouncing up and down against my chest and her ass was pummeling my balls.
I heard her gasp loudly as her pussy tightened around my cock as she was cumming. Feeling her cum made me gasp as well, the heat was incredible and her pussy felt like a shrine of pleasure for my cock. It's been a while since had I felt something like this, it was as if my cock was burning with desire for this pussy. It felt like I grew bigger and more sensitive, the intense pleasure she was giving me made me want to cry in sheer joy. "OH MY GOD YESS!!" She screamed riding me faster. Unrelenting she rode me, sweat starting to flow from both our bodies. Speeding then slowing down when cums, she was fucking me like it was the last fuck of her life. Bouncing up and down on me with my chest simulating her nipples and her using my pubic bone to rub he clit she moaned louder and louder.
I gasped when I felt her twist her hips using her tight pussy muscles to make me feel her more. Every time I throbbed I felt her pussy tighten almost like we were connected. She slammed her crotch down to mine cumming again with her pussy feeling like an oven and my hard cock at the center of it all, she cried out in pleasure. I grabbed her back and started fucking her from below when I felt the need to cum. "DON'T PULL OUT!" She moaned after knowing that I was about to cum. She held on tighter resting her head on my shoulder while I was finishing it up. Suddenly it all went silent like time had stopped, both gasping in orgasm, both cumming, both holding on to each other we felt in sync. Feeling her body shake made me cum even more and feeling her juices spray on my crotch made it more pleasurable.
We held on to each other for a while, breathing heavily and sweating; we just enjoyed the moment. Just like how she started she took another deep breath but this one was to catch her breath and pulled back her head and smiled. "Are you ok?" She didn't respond she just gave me a very passionate kiss with my dick inside of her. She got off me dripping with juice and cum still smiling looking at her made my dick grow harder slowly.
"Yeah that was great." She chuckled. "Probably why those two love it so much..." She smirked while stretching her legs and by now my cock had grown fully hard. "Or maybe you're the secret ingredient to all the fun." I pulled up my pants and stood up with my hard dick somewhat hidden; I really just wanted her to make her own choices.
"Where are the twins anyway?" I asked stretching my back because I think all that kinda made it worse.
"They went to a store." She answered going to the bathroom.
"A store!? Why a store and not the store?"
"It's a hint." The words she was saying were really confusing me but the fact that she said a store meant that it was not a regular store so it was probably a special store like a Victoria's Secret or something. "While you think about it I go. You know where to find me."
"Yeah," The words a store had gotten my attention.
"I FINALLY DID IT!" Maggie screamed from outside the door. It was funny for me because to her it was like an accomplishment and it was cute.
"YES! I HEARD THAT TOO. I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!" Susan screamed as well. I was surprised that Susan was involved in this but then remembered that it was Susan; she must've convinced Maggie to do it. Maggie responded in a low voice but Susan responded with, "I KNOW! NOW COME TELL ME ABOUT IT."
"What a perv." I smirked in thought. I really didn't expect Maggie to act on her own but it was great and I'm very grateful to Susan I mean she probably convinced Maggie into coming here but it was still great. I went down stairs and no one was down there but my food was in the fridge so it was a win for me. I spent the whole day alone walking around the house lonely and shit. Jenny was asleep, Amber was having a heavy hangover, Maggie was in the master bedroom, Susan too. The twins came back but left after dropping something off so I was pretty much fucked. I had the house all to myself but I couldn't shake that feeling I used to get while I was still at home.
The whole day passed and it was night I had already gotten over the feeling of loneliness and I also dealt with my abandonment demon and I was feeling really relaxed while ignoring my back pain. Lisa and Liz came back at 7 and went to their rooms and Susan said she was done with Maggie and that I shouldn't worry too much. I really got over the fact that I was alone the whole day and besides it starting to feel like I'm demanding.
I went back to my gamer life and started playing seriously until I heard a knock on the door because I locked it out of reflex. I opened the door and Maggie was waiting in her underwear. "Hi again," She smiled walking in.
"Hey don't jump in, I might be jacking off in here." I chuckled closing the door and turning on the light.
"Nah keep it off." She smirked while stretching.
"C'mon I wanna see you..." She was blushing when I walked to her and held her cheek. "Damn you look drained, did she break you?"
She chuckled and looked me in the eyes and held me like I was her. "You wouldn't wanna know... So you gonna turn it off or should I do it myself?"
"Yeah sure why not?" I turned it off and when I turned she was already lying on my bed and she looked really tired. "You must really be tired huh?" I jumped on the bed and looked at her.
"She just took out 2 years of pent up sexual tension on me... and she still looked like she was holding back."
"2 years? Are your parents going through a divorce? That's sad, really sad." I didn't even know how to react to that, I was just glad that it's Maggie; she knows about my emotional disabilities.
"No dude shit no. That's impossible, literally." She paused for a while and then gave a full yawn. "It's just that dad had a surgery that made him impotent. So with her high sex drive it was like forced rehab and she just forgot of all her reasons to hold back."
"Hmm that's haunting."
"And now you're her target..." She looked at me and laughed. "So you're fucked!" She laughed at me again.
"Meh I can't fear that, it's like a challenge if I can beat her I'll be at the peak." It was really ironic that we we're in a position whereby most people talk about themselves and their relationships but we're talking about anything but that.
"The only thing you have is your endurance and stamina. And I'm going back to work tomorrow so I won't be able to stop her." She scooted over to me, held my head and looked me in the yes. "Even if can I won't. I can't protect you from myself can't I?" She kissed me on the forehead said, "Good luck." And faced the other way and slept.
"So you're going back to work tomorrow?" I sighed to myself.
"Yes," She replied turning to me.
"So you in the morning was you making a last fuck? Well I hope you get fired." I said turning. I felt like I was losing her; it seems like I've gotten more attached than I thought.
"Aw are you angry? That's so cute."
"Nah you know I can't."
"Worth a try..." She said hugging me from behind and sighing. I eventually turned and hugged her back and went to sleep. I woke up at 6:30 when Maggie was kissing me goodbye and that pretty much made my day but I went back to sleep for that well deserved 45 minutes of my light sleep.
"BREAKFAST WILL BE READY IN 15 MINUTES!" Susan screamed from the hallway because apparently no one was awake yet. In that 15 minutes I took a shower, did part of my training and I was ready to go downstairs. I smirked at the realization that I didn't see Lisa and Liz yesterday I only had quick glances of them rushing upstairs and down.
"Morning,"
"Hi,"
"Yeah,"
"Hi there! How was your night?" Susan smiled coming from the kitchen; she looked happier than ever.
"Great, how was yours?" I smiled back.
"Of course it was. Well my night was just that great." She made that assumption based on the fact that I spent the night with Maggie; she must be fond of her daughter's sexual abilities. I wouldn't blame her though. So we sat and ate Susan and Liz were having their usual conversations, Lisa was growling at her phone and I was just watching like I always do until we finished. I went to the TV room after I was done while Liz helped Susan do the dishes I mean there were not that much but she still did it. I stood up, stretched my back and turned off the TV and just when I was about to leave Liz pulls my shirt from behind.
"Hey AJ... Mom said you should have this." She said handing me a glass of juice blushing and I could immediately tell that it came from her.
"Wow thanks," I wanted to tell her that I knew that this was from her but I guess I can let her have this one; it's not like I mind or anything. So I drank it tasting every inch of it from the texture to the sweet and bitterness of the drink and it was good. She just stood there watching me drink it with a hopefully blank stare, I just could bear the thought of Liz plotting something. I kept looking at her every 3 sips with a smile because she seemed like she put a lot of effort in making it even if it's easy to make. "That was great." I said handing her the glass.
"Drinking it was enough..." She smiled, she was being suspicious and if she had not said that I'd say that she wanted something from me. "So... Going upstairs?"
"Yeah I mean where else would I go? A movie premiere?" Then I felt the atmosphere change she went form a relaxed girl with a simple smile to an ominous presence with a confusing hallow glance. "Yeah I'm not going out today so relax."
"Ok," She left me standing thinking a lot of things at once, I went upstairs still thinking until I reached my room where I forgot about all my problems and everything became cool, relaxed and smooth. After a while on my high I felt my body weaken so I sat down on the bed and now the feeling was getting worse, it felt like gravity had intensified around my body and by each second that passed it felt like I was getting heavier but the bed was not changing form it was just how it always was.
"This has to be a dream right?" I thought, I didn't try to talk since all at this started. "Shit." I could talk but my body was still getting heavier, I was losing control over my body. "This is a dream but when did I fall? The door? The hallway? The stairs? THE DRINK! SHIT!" It all made sense now, watching me drink, "Drinking it was enough." So you going upstairs? FUCK. I could not ever see Liz coming up with this, no this is well thought out this is too inconvenient, too deviant and I knew who did it. After a while of rambling thoughts I faded and passed out.
"Is there a need to this?"
"Yeah don't worry about it. Relax and do what he would do, own it. Now give me the other one." I was starting to wake up. I was still weak and unable to move but it wasn't as much as I was when it hit me.
"No I mean the binds... no I mean the handcuffs." I wanted to keep my eyes closed but they opened instinctively and there they were on bed tying me up wearing lingerie. They were both wearing fish net underwear, Liz was wearing a two piece with a thong and a bra that didn't cover her nipples or anything it was just there making her boobs shine almost like they grew in size and it had blue outlines, Lisa was wearing a one piece with light handle-like fabric on her sides and dark red outlines she also tied her hair back whiles Liz just kept her crazy hair and they're both wearing crotch-less underwear. They looked very sexy and really worth the effort but I just didn't get the part about tying me up and the immobilization.
"Just precautionary measure."
"He's awake..." Liz said looking me straight in the eyes and I didn't think it was possible but her eyes put me at ease.
"Is that a question?" She said looking over to me. "Hi there," She said with a grin.
"You spiked my drink."
"Yeah about that... I want to say sorry buuuut... I'm really not." She gave me a really evil grin like the one you get before being raped of your kidneys.
"Liz? Help?"
"Oh nah don't look at me."
"What do you want?"
"I think that's pretty obvious... Oh look it's already working so she was right 15 on the dot."
"What's already working?"
"The drink you had was mixture and one of them is almost like Viagra but not really." Though I could not fully feel my dick I could tell that it was hard.
"Let's get on with it already!" Lisa paused and slowly turned to look at Liz and moved her hand putting it around Liz's neck and looking her in the eyes. "This is weird..." Liz sighed moving in for a kiss. The kiss started almost like a train sturdy and controlled but after a few seconds it increased speed and lost control. They started caressing each other, Lisa held Liz's boob and rubbed her nipple making her moan lightly but never stopping her kissing.
Liz kissed Lisa's neck and kissed her slowly till she reached her nipples and started sucking on them. "Oh yes." She moaned with her eyes closed. Liz stopped and moved up kissing her again then reached her mouth and went back to the kissing and fondling. Now I could feel my dick and it was ragging, my body was starting to come back but it wouldn't matter if it did; I'm not moving. They both started leaning down still kissing and this one was different, it was sloppy, dirty and wet so wet that their saliva was dripping down onto my dick.
It felt hot, it was hot and my dick felt like it would explode. They finally reached my hard cock and started to slurp on it. Treating my dick like a popsicle they shared it licking from side to side, coating it with their spit making it more wet than it already was and kissing each other while stroking me. "You want it?" Lisa said between moans and Liz responded with a growl went back down while Lisa starts kissing my body going up my stomach. "Oh so these get hard too..." She moaned kissing my nipples and I could feel it all but I wasn't sure if could move though. She continued to kiss me until she reached my neck and I have to admit it was simulating very much so.
I was glad that I was feeling this from a female and not from a male and the thought made me feel uncomfortable so I let it go. She stopped kissing my neck and went up with a sniff and looked me in the eyes. Then I felt my dick slowly get covered by a tight warmth and this was not a mouth it was Liz. I was so focused at the new experiences that I had forgotten about her. She began with a rocking movement she started pretty slow but she increased her speed and tightened going faster while moaning. I shoved my hips up in impact but not showing any actual movement making her moan louder. "Wow you're even useful when immobile, impressive." I smirked in respond. "OH MY GOD!" She moaned yanking her body towards me rubbing her nipples on mine.
"I didn't forget about you." Liz moaned while fingering her. Lisa went back to kissing me but it was more like licking this time. This went on for a while and Liz slowed down her movements because she was too focused on making Lisa cum on her fingers. So I started fucking her with upward thrusts. "Oh shit!" She gasped pulling her finger from Lisa making her gasp. I looked at Lisa and she had an unrecognizable expression on her face.
"Wanna hover?" She didn't even answer me. She smirked and jumped on top of me facing Liz and started ridding me. I darted out my tongue and she stopped moving giving me a chance to use it while she's Liz. I licked her clit and fucked her with my tongue and stop to suck while Liz had control of the dick.
"GIRLS YOU HAVE A VISITOR!" Susan screamed from the hall. Suddenly I felt Liz tighten up and lightly shake like she was electrocuted.
"OH MY GOD!" Liz screamed holding on to Lisa while cumming.
"WHAT!?" Lisa screamed in response to Susan while hugging Liz.
"YOU HAVE A VISITOR!" Now she was at the door. She tried to open it but it was still locked.
"COULD YOU PLEASE STALL FOR US?"
"I'VE BEEN STALLING FOR THE LAST 8 MINUTES HONEY. NOW OPEN THE DOOR AND GO TO HER."
"Maybe it's Sam." Liz sighed letting go off Lisa while still making little rocking movements.
"Shit..." She hissed getting off my face. "Probably," She got off the bed and picked up her clothes.
"Yeah go check... I still have to..." She let out a really deep moan feeling up my hard cock inside her.
"Get of him or I'll take you off him."
"Okay okay geez." She got off me and put on her clothes and they were both wearing baggy clothes probably because of what they're wearing inside. Lisa untied my arms telling me to do the rest and that the drug is effective or 20 minutes and they left after a lot of sighing. I was still for a while just relaxed and I also let out a huge sigh getting up.
"Blue balls... Ironic." I smirked undoing my legs. I was surprised at the fact that I didn't put up a fight because now that I think about it almost felt like they were trying to dominate me but that thought must've gotten weak when they wanted me to pleasure them. I thought about who this Sam was and thought it was a guy but scratched off that thought because there is no way a guy will get in this house so I concluded with Samantha.
"Hi there, how's your morning so far?" Susan smirked leaning again the door frame.
"Blue... Blue Monday, morning, mind you name it." I said getting off the bed.
"Balls?"
"Yeah... balls." I was amazed at how calm I was and relaxed. "I mean it would be okay but apparently your daughters spiked my drink and one of the mixtures was Viagra or something."
"Yeah I know. I'm so proud of them." I wanted to react but I also wanted to find my underwear which was across the room; probably tossed there. Now I had to walk half way across the room naked, with a raging hard on and being watched by a pervert with a smirk but I eventually made it. "Aw already putting them on?" I took a deep breath and turned to her.
"I mean you can have it. It's not like it'll wear off anytime soon." She bit her lower lip and looked at me and my dick.
"I would love to but... How about this... Come to my room tonight... Alone," She left me with blue balls and a hard dick again. I gave out yet another sigh and put on my clothes and realized that my body still hasn't recovered. I don't usually repeat my morning training but I had to get my blood plumbing for a quicker recovery so I got down on the floor and started doing push-ups then I realized that I was too heavy so did jumping-jacks.
"Who is that and what is he doing in my room?" I turned and saw Liz and some other girl at the door and just assumed she was Sam. She was practically dressed, in jeans, tight jeans that showed off her amazing ass worn to turn heads, a black T-shirt tucked in her jeans showing her D-cups they aren't as big as Maggie's but they're still worth the attention. Her mature face, beautiful green eyes made her look on top of things no matter how she was dressed she even made me stop doing my jumping jacks usually I would just ask the person to leave but she fazed me.
"Still hasn't worn off huh?" Liz asked getting in and walking to me. "I'm sorry for that... but not really."
"You too? C'mon." Samantha was still at the door but she looked like she has something on her mind.
Liz jumped and walked around me and held her hands out like she was presenting me, "Sammy this is my older cousin, August but we call him AJ or Jay or whatever. He's going to be here until dad comes back."
"Hmm," She gave me a very disrespectful look and smirked. "So what does he do is he like the new garden boy or something?" I gave a really low chuckle thinking about how the 2.5 meters between us can feel like 7 centimeters. "What was he even doing? Was he trying to impress me after hearing our voices?"
"Okay AJ nice to see that you're recovering." Liz said rushing towards her.
"A place where you BOYS belong is outside working not inside the house trying to fit in like a"
"OKAY Sam LET'S GO PUT YOUR BAGS!" Liz cut her off covering her mouth and pulling her away to her room.
"Wow..." I said sitting down on the bed in disbelief. "Damn...That just happened... Wow..." I really didn't believe that what just happened was real at all. I though people avoided talking to me because I give off a fuck-off aura because that's exactly what I was doing but now... Did I get weaker since I got here? A message popped into my phone but I ignored it giving it a chuckle because it's timing was like it was agreeing with what I just said.
"Look August... I'm really sorry for that." Liz apologized at the door picking up the bag she left when she was pulling away the bitch.
"Don't worry about it light travels faster than sound so I liked her when I saw her but not when I heard her." I smirked at the perfect execution of that phrase because I used to practice it a lot but I never had the chance to use it.
"It's just that she has a really dark history with "males" so she's not nice to the other gender and I think it started with her dad leaving them and the only guy she warms up to is dad and after hearing that he left, she must've gotten triggered by it and you were just in the crossfire."
"Garden boy!" I sarcastically laughed trying to delete the memory but it was hard. "And daddy issues... And sexist! And I thoughtIwas fucked up..."
"Do you get it now?" She was really being apologetic but it was heavy to let that go it almost felt wrong to forget about it.
"Of course I do!" I laughed again. "Please keep her away from me." I pleaded in a low voice hoping she would agree.
"No no no please don't say that. That's why I invited her here so you can try to change her mind. That's why we did all those things so we can try to persuade you. Please don't say that. We all chipped in..."
"How about this, Keep the insults to a minimum. Wait how am I supposed to change her mind I mean you all came at me... and for me but that's not the case. How do I do that?"
"We already have that covered. So you gonna helps us out?"
"Yeah but you just lost your favors for today. And here I was planning on visiting you tonight."
"Hey don't tease me like that. Thank you so much for understanding." She left closing the door. I still felt offended but I finally picked up my phone hoping to see something to clear my shit up.
Maggie: THOSE DICKHEADS AT THE HEAD OFFICE JUST TRIED TO REPLASE ME BECAUSE APPERANTLY MY ACCOUNTING SKILLS CAN BE USED FOR BETTER THINGS. FUCK!!!
Jenny: Are you ok?
Mert: Dude you chill?
I was really happy to find out that there are people who will respond when I almost lose it and that was enough to make me feel better; just feeling accepted and humble.
August: Relax babe I just read sum that almost broke my phone through me.
August: Nah it's all good I just almost got triggered.
August: That's a bad thing right?
I tried to reply as fast as I can and auto-correct really helped me out for the first time.
Jenny: Really? I felt my heart skip and Mert asked me if you were ok and it kinda made it worse. Are you really ok?
Mert: Triggered? I thought you said that your pride and ego would stop you from getting angry because that's what humans do and you're not human.
August: I really am ok I just
Jenny: Mert just told me that you say that you almost got triggered.
August: I told you. I read something that almost triggered me.
August: Well dude it's like this... My ego won't let me react like a normal human but my pride won't accept any disrespect. But I'm cool now.
Jenny: Ok plz don't act rashly I can't afford to lose you. If not for you then for me.
August: I'll engrave your words into my heart. Wait you have my heart now so please do it for me. If not for you then do it for me?
Jenny: Weak bruh. Ok love you love! (Offline)
Mert: So you cool right?
August: Yeah it's all good.
Mert: Ayt cool. (Offline)... (Online) How's Maggie?
August: Aren't you busy with something?
Mert: Yeah yeah cool. Don't fuck up. (Offline)
I thought Maggie's teatime was already over so I didn't wait for her to respond. I was still in a good mood but I still felt the drug and went back to my jumping jacks until I heard her message come in.
Maggie: Oh so you r awake I thought you were still asleep so I didn't wait. So how are you?
August: The usual words and shit. Getting along how about you?
Maggie: Likewise.
August: So you have accounting skills...
Maggie: Yeah and those dickheads think they can just replace me with some bitch so I can work? Fuck that!
August: So you're not working now?
Maggie: It's more of an occupation, sitting around telling people about appointments and blah blah. That's not work I'm like the VA of Nezuko.
August: Oh so that's how it is.
Maggie: Yeah and they pay me. Off that you ok?
August: Yeah I'm fine. Just met Sam what a nice person...
Maggie: Shit I forgot to tell you about her. So you've already met the BITCH.
August: Yeah and she lives to tell the tale of how she fucked with my peaceful life.
Maggie: Should I even ask what she did or said? But I am impressed... that or disappointed because I'm pretty sure she kicked you in the balls and you let it go. Very disappointed.
August: Oh no don't worry about me. I'm chilled, Liz gave me the scoop.
Maggie: Really I was hoping for you to rashly act and make a mistake. I mean I don't usually get offended by people because I think they're stupid but that girl made me wanna kill.
August: Really? You don't get offended? I'll recall "Well fuck you then!"
Maggie: C'mon you tapped a touchy subject and besides I was having an extremely bad day.
August: Were going to cry that day when you left?
Maggie: Hmm... Fuck you.
August: My fragile tattered feeling. You hurt it.
Maggie: My break is over. I'll make up to you. You can go to my room to cool off ayt. (Offline)
August: Oh I'm gonna leave your room smelling like cum. My cum.
I picked up my laptop and went into Maggie's room and I felt so safe in there, my room keeps reminding me of how I just stood there doing nothing and it angered me every time I thought about it. But after some self therapy I accepted it by lying to myself and it worked with some justifications.