I had been so busy that I hadn't had time to do laundry in almost three weeks, and today, I was going to pay for it. My husband Jake and I had to leave for work in fifteen minutes, and my closet didn't have a single clean outfit that could be considered remotely professional. I put together what I could but wasn't happy with the result. I knew I would look ridiculous in it, but with no other options, I put it on. First, I put on a black cotton skirt, which would be fine, except it only came down to an inch above my knee when I stood. Normally, the length of skirts I wear to work falls below my knees, even when I am sitting. I was not accustomed to showing off my legs or really any part of my body, but this was my only clean item to wear. I turned around and wasn't surprised to see my curvy rear end was also being emphasized as well.
For a top, I wore a white button-up shirt, which, in theory, would be fine. Except I got this blouse when I was a freshman in college. Since then, I've... grown. Not in terms of becoming chubby. I'm a fit woman. But in terms of bust size, I was now easily a D-cup, if not bordering on larger. The shirt fit tightly and was form-fitting around my chest. It felt like if I wanted to, I could puff out my chest and burst open the shirt. But my bra was keeping my nipples from poking out at least, but still, I had never worn anything like this to work before.
My husband and I have worked at the same company for the past eight years, and was where we met. The company has no policy against employees dating or being married, provided they aren't direct reports. This wasn't an issue as I work in marketing while Jane is a salesman. After two years of dating, we were married and have happily stayed so for the past six years.
As I continued to consider myself in the mirror, I began to think maybe I should call in sick rather than embarrass myself by wearing such a lewd outfit to the office. "Wow, Kristin, is that what you are wearing today," Jake asked, walking into our bathroom. Hearing the surprise in his voice confirmed to me I should just stay home. The last thing I want to do is make Jake think I'm looking for male attention at work with how I dress. "Cause I've got to say, you look awesome. I've been hoping you would dress a bit more... provocative at work. I didn't know how to suggest it, though. But we should get going," he said, giving my body a long look. Suddenly, my entire outlook changed, and I had a burst of confidence. I followed him to the car while feeling very flush in my cheeks.
At the office, I almost felt naked walking in. I knew my clothes were not that crazy, and I could think of other women in the office who wore similar things to this, but I still felt like an exhibitionist. Every person I walked by, my eyes would dart over to them to try to tell if they were staring at my body. Sometimes, they would make eye contact with me and greet me, only for their gaze to fall onto my body just as they passed me. Others seemed to scan back and forth to either side of me, with their eyes stopping just briefly when they passed over me. Maybe men in the office were always checking me out, and I just never noticed. But today, thanks to the outfit I was wearing, I became fully aware of how much attention my body was getting. I had expected I might be offended and confrontational today as I didn't wear this to invite their lusty eyes. But I didn't feel that at all. I felt almost like maybe I did subconsciously wear this for them...
Once I was at my desk, the work day proceeded normally, and my slight excitement about what I was wearing faded as I got to my usual task. My morning was filled with emails, meetings, and more emails. I was still hyper-sensitive to the eyes of men near me. I was on a marketing team that was composed of four men and one other woman. The majority of my meetings were with this group, including this one. We sat around a conference table discussing strategies for the upcoming quarter. Whenever I turned my head to face one of my male colleagues, I swear I would always catch their eyes moving away from my chest. I was even catching Clara, the other woman in the group, staring at times. It seems this outfit was revealing more than my body.
After lunch at my desk, my bra was bugging me, and I couldn't ignore it anymore. The tightness of the shirt was pushing my bra into my skin, and I needed relief. I found an empty conference room for some privacy. I unbuttoned the shirt and adjusted my bra back and forth on my breasts, which instantly felt much better, and closed my eyes as I enjoyed the alleviation from it digging into me. "Kristin? Oh my gosh, I'm sorry, I didn't know you were in here," a male voice said in front of me.
Opening my eyes, I was confronted by the sight of Colby, one of my male marketing colleagues. His mouth was agape, and he was staring at my bra-clad chest. Despite recognizing that I was in a state of undress, he wasn't quick to divert his gaze. I turned around, putting my back to him, which prompted him to leave. I yelled out, "Sorry, Colby! I thought I locked the door!"
I buttoned up my shirt but didn't dare leave the conference room. I had exposed my bra to a work colleague, greatly embarrassing us both. Not only that, my husband would be furious at me for being so careless and showing my body to another man. Eventually, I left the room and sulked back to my desk. Thankfully, Colby stayed hidden from me, and we didn't have cause to interact anymore today. But the end of the work day came and I met up with Jake at the car. I would have to tell him what happened.
On the drive back, we exchanged typical small talk about how our day was and what we were doing for dinner, but then silence. My hand started to grip my skirt tighter and tighter as I knew what I had to do. I took a deep breath and broached the topic. "Jake, something happened today. I made a dumb mistake and need to tell you about it," I said in a shaky voice. He didn't say anything and waited for me to continue. "After lunch, I needed to adjust my top. I should have gone to the ladies' room, but there was an empty conference room. I thought I locked it, but I must not have fully latched it. Again, I'm an idiot. So... Colby ended up walking in and seeing me in my bra. I'm so sorry, Jake...," I said, looking away from him.
Jake continued to be quiet, which made me even more nervous about how mad he was. "Did he see you from the front or the back," he asked.
"The front. My shirt was fully unbuttoned, and I was facing him. But it was only for a moment. Maybe five seconds," I explained, panicked. I could have lied and said it was briefer, but I was always truthful with my husband even when it wasn't comfortable to be.
"Five seconds? What bra were you wearing." His tone wasn't reflecting any anger or even annoyance. It sounded like genuine curiosity.
"My pink one with the lace. So nothing sheer or that showed off a lot of cleavage." After hearing that, Jake was silent again.
"You must have made Colby's day. He's probably still thinking about you in that bra right now. I know I would be if I were him," Jake said with a smile.
"You're not mad?" I asked, still cautious.
"Honestly, no. Hearing that story kind of got me excited. You're an attractive woman, and you're my wife. Having you show off almost feels like you are bragging about me. Like, hey, I'm hot, and that guy married me," he said, struggling a bit to explain how he felt.
I wasn't sure I fully understood his point, but he wasn't mad, and that was what mattered to me. "You make it sound like I did this on purpose. I didn't, though," I added in clarification.
"I know, I know...," he said as he seemed to get lost in a thought.
The topic was resolved, and we enjoyed our typical evening routine. Around nine, Jake initiated sex with me, which I gladly accepted. It was a Monday night and not a typical evening for us to have sex, but not unheard of. Despite neither of us having any alcohol, we were abnormally passionate with each other, and both got what we wanted out of our lovemaking. Ten minutes later, I started kissing him again, and we had a rare second session of lovemaking in a single night.
Afterward, we were laying together, and Jake brought something up he must have been thinking about all evening. "What if you arranged another 'accident' like the one that happened today," he shyly said.
"You want me to show off my underwear again to a co-worker?" I asked.
"Maybe. But only if you are okay with it. I'll admit I'm excited by the idea." I thought about this for a bit. Maybe this is something I could enjoy as well, especially now that I knew Jake was on board. Worst case, I discover I hate it, and we end it. Especially since we are presenting this as' accidents.' I enjoy my sex life with my husband greatly, but I've always felt like we could use something to spice it up. Considering how we responded to Colby seeing my bra today, this could be it. "Okay. I'll give it a try. But we take it slow. God, just agreeing to it makes me blush," I said, covering my face.
Jake and I talked about it extensively late into the night. What would we want to try next, and with whom. Finally, we had a plan, and I think I barely slept in anticipation of it. The following morning, we both came up with an excuse where we needed to work from home and would remotely connect to our meetings. The start of the day was nothing special, but the hour of my daily meeting with the marketing team was approaching, which is when I would execute our 'accident.' For the meeting, I wore the same skirt I had worn yesterday but a looser top. Initially, on camera, nothing would look out of place about my outfit, but that would change.
The six of us connected to the meeting, and things started off normally. All of us had our webcams on, and I could tell Colby was a bit uncomfortable as he and I still hadn't addressed what happened yesterday with each other. Jake sat off to the side, not visible by my webcam but able to see my screen. Ten minutes into the meeting, I got the opportunity I was looking for.
"Kristin, do you have those figures handy," one of my colleagues asked.
"I do. Hold in. It's on the other side of my laptop. Let me reach for it real quick," I said as I stood up out of my chair. In truth, I knew someone would ask about this document, and I had purposely put it a few feet behind the laptop. I bent forward and reached for the document. My loose shirt created a several-inch gap that my bra could easily be seen down. A gap that the webcam was looking right down when I reached. Immediately, I could hear my co-workers yelling to try and get my attention. I ignored this for a bit and stayed in this position, even though I had the paper in hand. Finally, I sat down and looked confused.
"What were you guys all yelling about? Did something happen," I asked innocently.
The four men didn't know what to say, but finally, Clara found the words. "It was just that with how you were positioned, we could see down your shirt a bit, Kristin," she said while looking downwards.
"Oh my gosh! I'm so embarrassed! I'm sorry, you guys! That was really unprofessional. I... oh my gosh," I said, putting my hands to my mouth and walking off camera. I went over and kissed Jake, who gave me two thumbs up. My colleagues were all yelling for me to come back and trying to assure me it wasn't a big deal. I took my seat but kept my face covered with my hands. While all talking over each other, all five people told me that mistakes happen, it wasn't that bad, they diverted their gaze, etc.
"You guys are too nice. I'm so sorry again that happened," I stated as I showed my face again. From there, the meeting went on as normal and ended without any further excitement. As soon as I pressed the end meeting button, my husband exploded with joy.
"You did so good! That was amazing," he said, hugging me.
"My heart was beating so fast when I did it. I couldn't see the screen, but you could. How much did they see of my bra?" I asked, curious.
"All of it, pretty much. Well, the top half, anyway, and just a bit of cleavage. You aligned it all perfectly."
My eyes widen. "I can't believe I just willingly showed them all my bra like that. I've known some of them the entire time I've worked here."
"And they've probably all been hoping to see more of you that whole time," my husband said, smiling at me.
"Stop. They don't think of me like that," I said dismissively.
"They do. Remember when they all claimed to divert their gaze from your chest? They lied. None of them did. A few even leaned in for a closer look," Jake said. Hearing that didn't upset me in the least. The whole experience was more exciting than I had dreamed. We both knew we couldn't let things end with just this.
During breaks throughout the day Jake continued to describe the reactions of my co-workers to the enjoyment of us both. However, we also didn't know what the next step could be. I couldn't have another accident with them as it would raise too many questions about whether I was doing this on purpose or not. Because obviously, I was. A lack of ideas dampened our mood, and we stopped talking about it. Eating dinner that night together, we discussed unrelated topics and eventually talked about what we had going on at work the next day.
"I'll have my weekly meeting with my three interns. Those guys are always so full of energy and making jokes. It's always so invigorating being with them. I always feel five years younger after our get-togethers. But it can also be hard keeping them on task," I said.
Jake put his fork down and looked at me deep in thought. "Do they ever talk about your looks or anything like that," he asked.
"My looks? I'm thirty-two years old, and these kids are nineteen. They don't have any interest in me."
"They don't have interest in their hot boss with giant tits," Jake questioned.
"Stop it. They want college-age girls."
"Let's put that to the test. Maybe tease them a bit tomorrow," he suggested.
"What do you mean," I replied, wondering where this was going.
"Flirt with them. See if they respond back," he clarified.
"I'm going to weird them out. I'm telling you they have no interest in an older woman like me."
"We'll see," was all Jake said before changing the subject.
At work the next day, my husband's challenge would not stop playing in my head. Could I really flirt with those guys? I would be risking my job if I said the wrong thing, but I also risked making a complete fool of myself. Putting myself out there only to find these young men see me 100% non-sexually would be a major downer. But Jake had been right about my co-workers thinking of me that way, to some degree. Maybe he would be right here?
I managed three interns, all male and only nineteen years old. Each week in this meeting, I sit with them and review their work. I'll end up giving them advice and maybe new assignments if they need them. Today would be no different, except I had decided to do what Jake suggested and get just a bit flirty with them.
"Good morning, gentlemen. Let's go around the table and talk about how your work is going," I said, starting things off normally. "Dominic, start us off," I said, looking at the young man.
"I finished putting together the profile on our competitor's latest marketing campaign. I'll be sending it to you by the end of the day," he said, looking proud of himself. Dominic had the best work ethic of all of them and deserved to be praised for that.
"Nice work, Dominic. You are almost as good of a worker as you are cute. And you're pretty cute," I said, trying to sound as confident as I could, even though I was nervous as hell.
His prideful look melted, and his eyes widened a bit. "Thank... thank you, Kris... Kristin," he said, having trouble with his words. I then noticed his cheeks reddening. Holy crap, my comment had an effect on him.
The three guys looked at each other, unsure what to make of things, but I continued the meeting. "Kenneth, let's have you go next."
"Oh. Okay. Well, I've been having trouble tracking down the information you asked me to get. I'll keep trying, though," he said to me.
"Okay. That's a bit disappointing to hear, but I trust you will get it. Otherwise, I might have to punish you for being a naughty boy," I said with a smile.
"Wha...," Kenneth started to ask, but I moved the conversation on, feeling embarrassed I had said that.
"Jaden. Last but not least. Let's hear it."
"Right. My presentation on the aluminum industry will be done tomorrow as you requested," he said, straight-faced as usual.
"Excellent Jaden. Maybe we can review it together sometime, just the two of us. I like spending time with you," I said while giving him just a bit of a lusty look. Did I just imply to my intern I wanted to get him alone to get sexual with him? That was going too far, and I regretted saying it.
"I... I... like spending time with you too, ma'am. I mean Krisitin," Jaden replied awkwardly.
"If you don't mind me asking, Kristin, you are in a great mood today. You're much less formal than usual," Dominic pointed out.
"Do you boys like it? Or am I being too friendly," I questioned.
"Oh, I think we all like this side of you a lot," Kenneth said as the other two boys nodded enthusiastically in agreement.
"I told you!" Jake said on the car ride home.
"Yeah, yeah, you were right. But am I crossing a line by teasing these boys like this," I countered. During the rest of the meeting with the interns, I tried to keep up my light flirting without taking things too far. I did have to admit I'd never seen them so engaged before. I also hadn't caught them looking at my chest as much before that meeting, either.
"You heard them say they liked you acting like this. It's a win-win. Heck, it's a win-win-win because I get to hear how these young guys want to get into my wife's panties," he joked.
"Shut up. Nobody is talking about that," I told him, not needing to entertain the idea that things would ever progress with these boys beyond talk.
When we got home, my husband had a surprise delivery for me waiting on our doorstep. He had gotten me half a dozen skirts and shirts to match my outfit from the beginning of the week. All of the skirts went down to just above my knees, and the shirts hugged my breasts tightly. "I thought maybe you could dress like this at work all the time," he said with a smile.
I held one of the skirts up to me as I considered this. I was due for a change in my wardrobe but hadn't planned on going this route. Still, I didn't get any complaints when I dressed like this before. In fact, I seemed to attract a lot more attention, which I did enjoy. "Thank you, honey. I'm looking forward to wearing this tomorrow," I said.
"I had one other thought," Jake said, looking at the skirt I was holding. "What if you re-create the original incident where your co-worker walked in on you?"
"You mean you want to have Colby walk in on me with my bra showing again," I asked.
"It doesn't have to be the same guy, and maybe... you show more than your bra. Maybe you are fully stripped to your underwear," he said, diverting his eyes from mine. Showing off my bra and panties to someone at work? Jake seemed excited by that, and I was too, as I thought about it. It wasn't that big of a deal, either. I had shown off my bra twice now. Were panties any more of a big deal? I agreed, and we discussed how I could make it happen tomorrow.
The next day at the office, I wore one of my new short skirts and tight button-up shirt outfits. Comparing the looks I got today versus yesterday, I confirmed I was getting a lot more attention by dressing like this. However, I was mainly focused on setting up another of my co-workers to see me in my underwear accidentally. To accomplish this, I would strip down in the same conference room I was in before. Beforehand, I would advertise to my five colleagues that I would be working out of that room and invite them to find me there should they need to talk to me. I would then wait in nothing but my bra and panties until someone came along and made me realize I had 'forgotten' to lock the door while I changed due to a coffee spill.
After setting all of this up inside the room, I removed my shirt and skirt and stood there in my underwear. My bra was a solid black color but showed a bit more cleavage than the previous ones I've teased my colleagues with. I debated what panties to wear but ended up going with some black panties. These ones were lacy, but I confirmed multiple that they were not sheer at all. Any second, I was expecting to see the face of someone I've been working with for years to walk in and see more of my body than I've shown almost anyone besides my husband. My legs felt shaky and weak, but I knew I had to be standing when they walked in. The anticipation that was killing me. They could be five seconds away from walking in or an hour away.
Ten minutes later, I was still waiting and started walking around the table out of boredom. I didn't think this through and worried this would impact my work productivity today. It's not like I could have just told someone to come to the conference room in ten minutes. They would question why I was undressed right when I requested them. This whole plan had a massive flaw. "Kristin?" A voice asked from the door.
I jumped up where I stood and spun around. It was Shawn, another of my marketing co-workers. He legitimately startled me. "Oh my gosh, you scared me, Shawn. Sorry for reacting like that," I said, feeling embarrassed by being startled by him simply walking into the room. But he didn't answer and was staring at my body. Suddenly, everything came back to me, and I remembered I was undressed.
"Oh crap!" I said, covering myself up. "I'm so sorry, Shawn! I thought the door was locked," I said, starting to put on my act. Meanwhile, I kept moving my hands back and forth on my body, never keeping anything fully covered. Shawn continued to take the sight of me in. With him not reacting, I stood still and let him stare at me. I was freely letting this man I worked with for years just enjoy the sight of me in my underwear. But half a minute later, I came to my senses and realized I couldn't act like this at work.
"Shawn, maybe you should go and let me get dressed. I spilled coffee on myself a bit ago and was changing. We'll keep this to ourselves, okay," I said calmly.
That finally seemed to wake Shawn up. "Yes. Right. Sorry. Ummm, talk to you later," he said, leaving the room and closing the door. I rushed over and locked the door for real. Fuck what just happened. I didn't just give him a peak. I let him gawk at me for as long as he pleased.
As always, I gave my husband a full account of what happened but was deeply embarrassed I just let Shawn watch me for so long. "And he just stood there looking at you," he asked, being entertained by the story.
"Yeah, I was frozen too. I didn't know what to do for the longest time."
"Lucky guy probably got the image of your body burned into his mind. I'll bet he's at home right now pleasuring...,"
"Don't say it. I don't need to think about Shawn doing that," I said, interrupting him. I couldn't deny that some of these men engaging in 'self-pleasure' to the thought of me was a possibility, but I didn't need that image in my head.
"I had an idea of what we could do next. It wouldn't require you to spend so long waiting for someone to 'accidentally' show up," Jake explained. He was starting to get presumptuous that I wanted to keep doing these things. There was no discussion about whether we should stop or if we had taken things too far. He went straight to what the next adventure in exposing me would be. I could have spoken up and said let's slow down or wait a bit, but I didn't. Because I, too, was ready and hungry for more. So much so that it scared me.
"You know when you need help from IT they can remote into your computer? They can take control and see what's on your screen. They can also look through your webcam, but you have to accept their invitation to do so. They can't just view anyone's cam whenever they feel like it. Unless we change the settings to allow them to watch you whenever you want. They'll think they are spying on you, but you'll know they are watching." Hearing how Jake described it sounded so naughty. It would be like having someone peeping on you but without them physically nearby.
"That sounds pretty exciting. How do we do it," I asked.
The next day, we again both worked remotely from home. Jake helped me mess up something on my computer to gave me an excuse to put in a help ticket with IT. At the same time, he changed the settings to allow them to access my webcam whenever they felt like it. The idea was that having them connect today would make them realize I enabled this setting. But I also needed to give them incentive to watch me. Thus, I will be putting on a small show for my IT helper today.
I got a message from Felipe in IT asking if we could connect to discuss the issue with my computer. He sent me a link, and he was connected to my laptop. At the same time, I enabled my webcam. "Thank you so much, Felipe. You boys in IT are always the most helpful," I said after we got connected.
Felipe did not have his camera enabled, and I could only hear him and not see him. "That's kind of you to say, Kristin. Just so you know, it's okay if you want to turn off your webcam for this. I won't be long," he replied.
"That's okay. I don't mind being on camera. You just do your thing, and I'll do my thing," I said, smiling as I thought about what my thing would soon consist of. Jake was off to the side watching this happen and looked anxious for the fun to start.
I could hear Felipe taping away on his keyboard as he went through my computer remotely. Meanwhile, I pretended to be looking through some random papers I had on me. "Where did I put that?" I said aloud before undertaking the same move I did with my co-workers using the webcam. I stood up and leaned over, allowing the webcam to see down my shirt and expose my bra to Felipe. A bra that showed just a bit more skin than the ones my colleagues got to see. Unlike them, though, the IT guy didn't try to inform me of my accidental exposure. Instead, as soon as I got into this position, the typing sounds stopped, and I heard nothing but silence on his end. I stayed positioned like this for a good ten seconds before sitting down, at which point the typing started back up. Naughty boy, I thought.
It looked like he was quickly fixing the issue, but I wanted to give him one more reason to check in on me later. Felipe could only see my upper half, so I spread my legs open without him noticing. I said out loud, "Where did I put that," I pushed the laptop partially closed, angling downwards. The result, as intended, was my IT helper got a full up-skirt view of my panties. I kept him pointed there for a while, rustling some papers around to keep up the illusion of this being an accident. I wiggled a bit in my seat, hoping that made the view more dynamic. God, what happened to me where, in a week's time, I was freely giving IT guys I had never met before a free show of my panties? But I felt no regret in the moment, only exhilaration.
But finally, I ended the show and angled the webcam on the laptop back to my face, which seemed to snap Felipe back to reality. Half a minute later, he announced that the issue was fixed. "Thank you so much! I really think of some way to properly thank you IT boys sometime," I said in a flirty toy.
"We are just doing our job. Let me know if I can do anything else for you in the future," Felipe replied, sounding a bit flustered. We ended the call, and Jake rushed to discuss what happened.
"Did it work? Do you think he realized he can now watch me whenever he wants," I asked Jake.
"I'm sure he did. The issue I created on your computer would have led him to see that the setting was enabled. I can see he didn't disable it too. But we'll know for sure if he tries to connect later. See this icon down here at the bottom left. It's something he won't know about, but when he turns on your webcam remotely, it will light up. So keep an eye on it."
It wasn't an hour later, as I was responding to an email, that I saw that icon light up. I tried to keep myself from reacting too much initially, but I had to give him something. I stretched my back, puffed my chest out, and playfully had my finger in my mouth. It wasn't much, but if he would check in the future, I would give him something much more substantial to see...
Friday and Saturday night, Jake and I made love as passionately as ever. It seemed the more I exposed myself, the more we connected with each other. This was becoming a drug to us, but neither of us dared to suggest we pull back. Sunday, Jake suggested we go clothes shopping, and I knew something was up. He never had an interest in going shopping before, and often, I would have to drag him. But this wasn't a trip to buy him things, it was for me. When we got to the store, he took me straight to a specific section, and I knew he had scouted things out ahead of this trip.
He pulled out a short skirt and asked me, "What if you start wearing skirts like this to work?" I held it up to me, and the length fell short of my knees by several inches. I would be pushing new boundaries at work wearing this. I told myself I couldn't do it, but I looked back up at Jake, and he looked so excited. What's the worst that would happen? I asked myself. Human resources would scold me and tell me to go home and change. That was a non-risk compared to the other activities I had been engaging in.
"Let's get five of them so I have enough to wear them all week," I enthusiastically said.
The new work week started, and as planned, I wore my new extra-short skirt. Jake also talked me into leaving two extra buttons on my shirt undone. This allowed just a bit of my cleavage to be seen, but if I bent over, a lot more would be exposed. Walking into the office, I was constantly pulling down the bottom of my skirt to make sure what little length I had was covering my legs. No one commented on my outfit to me. At least not with their words. But their eyes said plenty. I wasn't getting quick glances anymore. I was getting lingering gazes.
After a few hours of not getting approached by my boss or HR, I grew more comfortable in my outfit. In meetings, I started angling myself slightly out from under the table, giving the people sitting next to me a better view of my legs. I purposely leaned often to reveal more of my cleavage to people in front of me. I was amazed at how fast I could adapt to being exposed.
Jake was also proposing I set my flirting towards a new target at work. He's not one of my marketing co-workers that I've been exposing myself to, but someone I meet with frequently. His name is Dario, and he works in the company's strategy department. When I first joined the company, both he and Jake showed interest in pursuing a relationship with me, but obviously, I chose Jake. Dario was a nice and handsome man, and it wasn't an easy choice for me to make. I've confessed as much to Jake, and he has always had a fascination with our interactions. Jake never voiced jealousy about anything. I was always sincere, and he never criticized any of my behaviors with Dario. In fact, it was the opposite, as he encouraged me to be more friendly with him. Even the slightest bit of interest Dario showed me would delight Jake, and now I was beginning to under why.
"You have a meeting with him today, right? What if you give him the intern treatment?" Jake suggested on the car ride to work.
"Intern treatment?" I questioned.
"Flirt, tease, flutter your eyes at him. Make him feel like a million bucks."
"You mean lead him on. That's getting mean," I pointed out.
"Then we'll just have to make sure we lead him somewhere he wants to go," Jake said without explaining what he meant.
As always, my husband's words were at the top of my mind all day, and going into my meeting with Dario. "Good afternoon, Kristin. I hope your day is going well," Dario said, standing up to shake my hand as I entered the room for the meeting.
"It just got a lot better," I said, taking his hand and eyeing his body up and down without any subtlety. What the fuck am I doing. My husband gives me the slightest idea, and as soon as I'm in the situation, it's like I take his suggestions as gospel and go with it unquestionably. Now, here I am, one-on-one with an old crush, and I am hinting to him I'm interested again. I didn't see Dario's reaction to my comment and sat down next to him at the table.
Without even realizing it, I sat with my legs angled towards him. My legs were crossed, and with the shortness of my skirt, a large portion of my thigh was visible to him. I repeatedly caught him looking at them, and it made me smile every time.
"So we wanted to get information from marketing about the Asian region before we make our decision. Is that something you can facilitate," he asked me after giving my legs another look. I uncrossed my legs and recrossed them, thinking I might have given him the tiniest of up-skirt views in the process.
"For you, Dario, I would do anything," I said, eyeing him.
"Oh... good. I'm glad to hear that. So... how's Jake," he asked nervously. He never asked about him. I took that to mean he was picking up on my flirting.
"He's great, and we are great together as always. In fact, just the other day, he and I went out to dinner, and I had Thai food for the first time ever. I really like trying new things...," I said, uncrossing my legs again.
"Glad to hear it," he said, standing up and adjusting his pants. Did I see a bit of a bulge at this crotch? "Well, that's all I needed to touch base with you on. I will see you at our next meeting," a flustered-looking Dario said.
"Looking forward to it," I commented as he exited the room.
Recounting this story to my husband, he ate it up with great joy. "That poor guy is smitten with you. When he asked how I was, he was hoping to hear you, and I are on the break, and he could get his chance with you. We have to keep this going," he said at the end of my report. What does it mean to keep it going? More flirting or something else? I didn't have answers to these questions.
That evening, my husband proved he was never short on ideas to explore how sexual we could get at the company. "I discovered this a while ago but never knew what to do with it, but now I have an idea," he said, sitting at his laptop. I walked over and watched what he was doing. "The company has these dummy email accounts that are assigned to no one, but anyone can access them. Except they've been here for years, and I don't think anyone remembers they exist."
"So what," I asked, not seeing what this meant.
"We can send an internal email to the whole company. They won't be able to track who sent it at all. What if we take this opportunity to send out a message and tease all the boys in the company?" Now I knew what he was getting at.
"Maybe. But there's no way they can trace it back to us?" I asked, being a bit intrigued.
"That's the beauty of these dummy email accounts."
I thought about it after dinner and decided it would be fun to do. No one is being harmed by this and a lot of guys would probably get a kick out of it. I sat down to compose the message. "What do I even write," I asked my husband.
"You should imply that you are turned on by the men at the company. Don't be afraid to get a bit extreme with it," he encouraged me. A bit extreme? I didn't know what that meant, but I started typing.
'Hey, all you gorgeous men at the company. I watch you all day, and I've got to say I find all of you so goddamn sexy. Your wives and girlfriends are so incredibly lucky.'
Jake stood behind me and read. "Good start, but get more sexual. Have fun with it," he pushed.
'Sometimes, I'm tempted to hide under your desk and suck your cocks when you come back. I'd love to sneak off to a closet with you and feel your hands all over my body.'
"Wow, Kristin. That's really hot," he said.
"You told me to get sexual. I don't actually think like this, you know," I said in embarrassment. I added a few more lines and concluded things. Jake took over and sent the email out. "I can't believe we did that. We are going to get fired for sure," I whined.
"Not a chance," Jake said confidently.
That morning, work was chaos. Numerous emails were sent out asking everyone to delete the email Jake and I sent out before they opened it. When it became obvious everyone was instead reading it, they sent out more emails condemning the people who sent it. Men in the office seemed to stand two inches taller after reading about some mystery girl who wanted to blow them. Even the women appeared to be a bit prouder, which was odd. Maybe they felt the men they worked with were a bit better looking than they thought. Every meeting I was in would spend ten minutes talking about the message before any work was discussed. I played along, of course. Overall, the office was so much more lively, and once again, my husband's idea proved to be a good one.
My mood at the end of each workday was better than it had ever been. Not that I hated my work life before at all, but I was waking up excited to be in the office. The work was fine, but it was the attention I was getting that I enjoyed. Both from my outfit and the overall flirty demeanor I was now having with everyone. My boss even gave me positive feedback about how I was positively affecting morale. I took that as an endorsement of what I've been doing. Or at least what he knew of.
To change things up, I actually suggested the next activity I would partake in. The idea was to take my 'webcam blunders' to the next level. Jake was impressed and fully endorsed it. The next day, we both worked remotely again. At the start of my daily marketing meeting with my five colleagues, I announced I would need to disconnect early in order to get ready for an appointment I had. Then, with about twenty minutes left in the meeting, I said my byes and 'disconnected.' Except I didn't disconnect. Instead, I 'accidentally' muted my computer and stayed connected to the meeting. However, I pretended not to realize this. And with my speakers muted, I couldn't hear my co-workers yell that they could still see me through the webcam. Even more embarrassing was the webcam captured me perfectly as I stood up and undressed.
I pulled my shirt over my head, revealing a lacy red bra that I thought was kinda sexy, and suspected my friends in marketing were thinking the same thing right now. To add some more fun, I took advantage of the fact that my microphone was still on. "Why are all of the guys in marketing so hot? It's not fair to a married woman like me. And how is Clara still single? She's so gosh darn attractive," I said to myself.
I didn't stop the show there, though, and pulled down my skirt and showed off my matching red panties. While far from a thong, they didn't fully cover my butt cheeks. A fact I made clear to them when I turned around and bent over, all in full view of the webcam. Pushing my luck a bit, I even stretched my arms above my head and stuck my chest out towards the camera. It was only when I started putting on my new pair of pants that I got a call on my cell phone from Clara telling me I was stripping on camera.
I put on my fake surprise face and dove to the laptop, making sure to give them a closer view of my breasts contained in my bra. "I'm such an idiot. Sorry about that, guys," I said, knowing that no one was actually sorry that happened. This time, I exited the meeting for real and laughed out loud at the ridiculousness of what had just unfolded. Every single person in marketing had now seen me in my underwear. From all sides and some repeatedly.
"What if you flashed your interns your bra? Not under the guise of an accident, but on purpose," Jake brought up at dinner.
"That's... escalating things a bit. What if they take that as a sign to get physical with me," I said, worrying.
"Do you really think they would do that? You would be at work. It's not like you are alone in their house or something. But it's up to you." I needed to take a step back and evaluate what we were doing with Jake.
"You're suggesting I expose myself to college boys. You won't even be there to see it happen. Is this something you want me to do?"
Jake considered my words for a bit. "It's not about just seeing you do these things. However, it is fun when it's possible. It's about knowing. Knowing these young guys are seeing my wife in this new light and want her. That is... electrifying to me. I think that's the best word to describe it. The thought of it sends a jolt of intrigue through me. Are you not into the idea," he asked, looking at me.
I knew I should show more shame and indicate this was becoming far too much for me. But that would be a lie and I strive to be ever truthful with Jake. "I want to do it. But only if you are fully on board." He took my hand and squeezed it. Apparently, my interns are in for a show tomorrow.
Dominic, Kenneth, and Jaden entered the conference room we met at, looking a bit more excited than usual. However, if they knew what I planned, I would expect their smiles to be twice the size they are currently. "Good morning, cuties," I said, not letting up on my semi-teasing mood.
"Good morning, Kristin. I like your outfit," Kenneth said to me as he blatantly stared at my cleavage. It probably helped that I leaned forward a bit to let him see even further down my shirt. Just wait, young man, I thought.
"How are your assignments going," I asked the group. Each indicated they were right on schedule. Even Kenneth was caught up.
"That calls for a reward, and I have just the thing in mind," I exclaimed.
"What kind of reward," Jaden asked eagerly.
"The kind that you will be required to not tell anybody outside of this room about. I need you all to fully agree to that." The three boys looked at each other, a bit confused, but responded with confirmation. "Good...," I said, turning around.
"What are you doing, Kristin," Dominic asked. My back was to all three of them, and they couldn't tell I was unbuttoning my shirt.
"Getting your reward ready," I teased back. I then suddenly spun around and pulled my shirt wide open, showing off my bra to all three of them. Their mouths went agape, and they were at a loss of words.
Finally, Jaden spoke. "Fucking awesome," he declared, and the other two voiced their approval as well. I let them take the sight in for another five seconds before I closed my shirt and secured enough buttons to hide my underwear again.
"Thank you, Kristin. I've never seen a woman in her underwear in person like that before. You are the best boss ever," Dominic said as he continued to stare at my chest.
"Can we see your panties, too," Jaden asked. That was pretty brave of him to ask. On one hand, I was a bit insulted that he felt seeing my bra wasn't enough. But that also meant he liked what he saw and wanted to see more. If I showed them that, would they then ask for even more?
"If I do, you all will have your assignments fully completed by the time we meet next week," I asked, rather surprised I was considering this. As expected, they all promised they would. I should have said I would do it next week after they finished the assignments, but it is too late now. Not wanting to disappoint my interns, I reached down to the bottom of my skirt. I lifted it upwards, and, given how short the skirt was, in very little time, my panties came into full view. I was again faced with three wide-eyed, and probably turned on, college-age boys enjoying the sight of my scantly clad body.
"Turn around so we can see the back," Jaden ordered. Someone is forgetting I'm his boss, but then again, I was exposing myself to him so that can be forgiven. I slowly turned around and let the boys enjoy my ass for a bit as well. Finally, thinking I'd reached the limits of my shame, I pulled down my skirt and fully fixed my top to its original state.
"Can we see that again next week, Kristin," Kenneth asked.
"We'll see...," I said, but given the dampness I was feeling in my panties, I wasn't concerned about whether I would do this again or not. It was more about how far I would take things next time.