CHARACTERS ARE 18+
part 1 - chaste face sitting wake-up
part 2 - sister's first orgasm and brother's revenge
part 3 - sibling's deal and public classroom muffdive
part 4 - sister learns what 'anal' is
Each part is about 1000 words. You don't need to read them all to understand so feel free to skip around
Love reading comments!
---
Your embarrassed sister had completely ignored you for almost a week now. She simply buried her head in her school books and studied even as you teased her. Ever since she'd tried punishing you by sitting on your face only to orgasm herself she'd been inconsolable - like her whole image of being better than everyone was tainted.
Worse for her, she hadn't deleted the photos nor video you'd took. If anything she'd become obsessed with them. She couldn't believe how aroused they made her - it was insane! You were always in her perverted thoughts now. She wondered what you were doing, what you thought of her and when she could sneek another peak of you working out. She got jealous when you met with girls prettier than her. Her own brother!
She started dressing differently and letting her hair loose around her narrow shoulders. You'd say it was a big improvement - and so the perfect thing to laugh at her about. You didn't like that she got more attention on social media now but so long as you got to enjoy the photos along with the rest of the horny losers at school it was acceptable.
Exam day rolled around and the two of you took places besides one another. They didn't have to worry about the siblings cheating - you had nothing in your test she'd want on hers and she despised you too much to help you out. At least she had.
The classroom was kept dark so no-one distracted each other. The two of you were seated at the last row thanks to your sharing a surname. You think you could probably reach over and shove her out of her chair without anyone noticing.
As your pen writes quickly and a-little-too-messily the clock strikes the halfway point. You glance at her paper to see how far you ought to be by now but it's empty! You look up and almost laugh.
She's very obviously aroused. Her cheeks are red, her gaze is soft and her breathing is a little ragged. She bites her lip in raw concentration but it isn't working - the words just won't come. As the time ticks away she buries her head frustrated in her hands - she'd fail the whole year if she turned in an empty paper. Why couldn't she even rub two brain cells together and get a single thought straight in her head?
You tap your hand on your desk and she glances at you as if caught. You smirk, she blushes, she cringes, she gets angry and swipes your paper off your desk.
Quietly you go to get it. However, you don't return to your seat; you slide the paper under your desk as you slide under hers. She doesn't even notice until your strong hands are gently rubbing her exposed legs.
"*What are you doing!?*" She whispers harshly. You respond that you're helping her out. You lift her short skirt - when had she started wearing skirts? - and gently widen her legs with a press. Your hands come up under her butt and lift her forward rudely so that she's leaning back in her seat with her crotch exposed. She seems unsure - eyes constantly flicking to the teacher and the students around us.
You quietly explain it's this or she'll fail the class - maybe even the year if it continues. What does she want?
Surprising herself as much as you her hands quickly slip her lacy panties off and she spreads her folds with her thumbs. You don't hesitate to dive in - this time attacking her sensitive clit as you know that's what she enjoys the most. Her legs quake - already? - as you suck at it. You pull back and loudly separate from her clit with a wet kiss. She shuts her legs in fright and looks around. Of course you aren't going to make this fun for her without a little revenge..
As you settle in you try coax every sound out of her you can. In just a few minutes she's already close to orgasm.
You stop. She's balancing on the edge. You get out from under. She grabs your hand just before you sit back in your seat - stopping you. Her voice trembles as she whispers. You expect an insult or a threat that you're ready to ignore but instead she begs.
"Please - I know I've been an ass. But you can't leave me like this. I-I need this. I need you." She swallows her guilt.
You ask her what you get out of this.
"I'll do anything." She whispers pathetically.
Not a minute later and she's shrieking into her hands clamped over her mouth. Some people look over but don't realize what's happening. She wants to make up an excuse to them but she knows if her mouth is free for a moment she'll be all whimpers and high-pitched moans. As she calms down you slide her panties back on and smooth her short skirt. Your face is covered in her arousal which you dutifully gather on your fingers. You lick it up off them as well as her legs and crotch. Soon there's no evidence.
With only a quarter of the time left you hear her scribbling furiously. She's like a machine. You pinch her butt interrupting her flow.
You mime fucking her later by making a circle with your fingers and sticking your index inside it. She stares at you but then nods slowly. She's going to lose her anal virginity - not that she's realized that yet.
---
Don't forget to comment <3