Part 2 - Amy's Story
As I stand here showering, I can't help but think back to the past weekend. It's been a few days since our unbelievably wicked sexual adventure with our neighbor Alex and part of me still can't believe what my husband Mark and I did. It still makes me tingle with excitement and I continue to fantasize about that night as I slowly run a bar of soap over my sensitive breasts. I get so turned on when I think about how I not only exposed my entire body to our neighbor but that my husband actually fucked me right in front of our bedroom window while he watched us and jerked off.
This all came about quite by accident. Mark had been in the process of repainting our bedroom and in doing so he had to remove all the blinds from our windows. The following night, as I was undressing and getting ready for bed, I suddenly noticed that our neighbor Alex was possibly watching me from his window. I was shocked at first but then I got very excited and turned on by the idea he had seen me in my underwear. I couldn't stop thinking about what had happened so the next night as I got ready to shower, I deliberately undressed right in front of my window with all the lights on in the room. I don't know why I did it but I couldn't stop myself. I felt so naughty and dirty as I undressed and I have to say rather than feeling guilty or having any shame I was never more turned on and excited in my life.
I have had exhibitionist fantasies for years and Mark and I have talked about and incorporated those fantasies in our sex life but this was the first time I had actually done anything like this.
My name is Amy and as an attractive woman in her early forties I have always been comfortable in my sexuality. From the first my husband Mark introduced me to a very open and some would say deviant sexual life. We love to use toys, watch porn together, use lots of dirty talk and over the years we have incorporated many sexual fantasies into our sex life.
As I slowly continued to run the soap over my body I flashed back to the moment when Mark had me bent over the window sill and was fucking me from behind as Alex and I stared into each other's eyes. I can so clearly see Alex even now as he stroked his rather large cock and looked at me with complete lust. I moved my left foot up onto the ledge in the shower and started to play with my clit as I replayed this scene in my mind.
I loved how after I told Mark about Alex watching me, he had ordered me to dress up in a slutty fish-net body suit I own and parade around in the bedroom while he and Alex watched me. My breath caught as I suddenly dropped the bar of soap and with one hand I started to pinch and flick my nipple while continuing to rub my pussy with the other. As I continued to play with myself my fantasy changed and I now imagined that it was Alex who was fucking me from behind with that big dick of his and Mark was sitting on the bed and stroking his cock as he watched me get fucked by another guy.
Alex was ramming his dick into me hard and fast. He even grabbed a hold of my hair and turned my head towards Mark as he fucked me "what a fucking slut you are!" he moaned as I pictured him pulling out and spraying his cum all over my ass.
"I want my cum all over your beautiful round ass and I want to watch you will rub it in and show me what a good little slut you are" he commanded.
I continued to fantasize about Alex fucking me and I started to buck and moan as I came from the thoughts playing in my head. I was literally shaking from the powerful orgasm I just had and it took me a few minutes to get myself under control. As I finished my shower, the realization came to me that I wanted (No needed!!) to have another sexual adventure. The last experience with Mark and Alex had opened up sexual desires and wants in me to a level I had never been aware of. All I knew was I wanted more.
That's why the next night as Mark and I went out for some drinks and dinner, after downing a couple of cape cod's for courage, I turned our discussion to Alex.
"Honey do you have any regrets about last weekend?" I asked.
Mark leaned over the table, "You mean the part of the weekend when you paraded around the room dressed like a slut for Alex to see and then we deliberately fucked in front of him so he could watch us?" Mark whispered with a leer in his eye.
I blushed at his question but could feel my nipples harden at his words.
"Yes." I giggled. "I mean do you worry that he's our neighbor and it might get around what we did?"
"I have no regrets at all. In fact, if you wanted to do it again I wouldn't so no." "And don't worry about Alex. He's no idiot. I'm sure he is hoping for a repeat performance himself so he knows to keep his mouth shut." Mark said with conviction.
I sipped my drink and then looking into Mark's eyes I said "I can't stop thinking about the other night. It was so hot and I still get excited when I think about what we did. I'm glad you don't regret it because I want to do it again only more."
"What do you mean by more?" Mark asked taken aback by my sudden admission.
"Ok. Don't get upset, but I was fantasizing the other day that we are playing in front of Alex but this time he is in the room with us?"
"You mean he participates?" Mark again asked with some surprise.
"Well no. I mean I just keep picturing Alex there with us not watching through the window and it gets me so turned on." "I'm sorry I just can't help it." I said rather sheepishly.
At this Mark reached over and took my hand in his.
"Don't feel bad. What you just said has my dick hard as a rock." "the idea of us playing around with Alex so close by is very exciting to me." "I just think we need to come up with a plan to see if we can get it to happen."
Mark's confession made me start to squirm and I started to get wet just thinking about the possibility of being nude and having sex right in front of Alex.
This time I leaned over and whispered to Mark. "Let's get the check and get out of here." "We can start planning on the ride home." I said seductively.
We quickly paid the bill and left the restaurant and as we walked toward the car Mark grabbed my ass.
"Stop." I laughed as I half-heartedly pushed his hand away. "At least wait till the car."
Mark opened the car door for me, and as I climbed in, I made sure to give him a nice view of my long-tanned legs. I was glad I had worn a short summer dress with sexy platform sandals and I could tell from Mark's lingering look he was too.
Mark went around to the driver's side and no sooner had he climbed in the car than he was on top of me and kissing me deeply. I responded to his actions as we made out in the car. I also decided to tease him some more.
"So I think you like my idea of us having sex while Alex watches." I whispered in his ear as my hand ran down his leg and I started to rub his dick through his pants.
"Oh my God...yesss." Mark moaned as he kissed my neck.
"What are you willing to do while he watches us?" Mark asked me.
"Huh...I don't know. Would you want me to suck your cock while he watches?" I asked wickedly.
"Yes!" Mark growled
"What else do you want to do?" Mark asked again.
"I want him to pull out his dick and I want to watch him stroke himself like he did the other night while he watches me suck on your dick." I moaned back.
Mark now had his hand under my dress and he was rubbing my pussy through my thin cotton panties which was driving me close to an orgasm
"You know what I see happening?" Mark asked me.
"What?" I asked excitedly as I started to unbutton his pants and fish his dick out.
"I see Alex sitting across from us while you kneel down in front of me and as you suck my dick you slowly pull up your dress so he can stare at your ass and jerk off."
"Yummmm..." "would you want me to then turn around and tell Alex to cum all over my ass while I suck your cock?" I said getting even more turned on by our talk.
"OH YESSSSS." Mark growled. "Do you want to feel his cum squirt on your ass cheeks and then have him rub his cock all over your ass?"
"Ohhhhhhh..." I started to shake and my legs clenched around Mark's hand as I pictured Alex standing over me, stroking his dick over my exposed ass and then cumming on me as Mark watches.
"Oh you like being used as our fuck toy don't you baby." Mark smiled as he continued to rub my clit and play with my pussy.
I could only moan as an intense orgasm crashed over me while Mark played on my fantasies that hit so close to home. I loved the idea of being a slut and used by these two handsome men.
It took a minute or so to finally catch my breath after my earth-shattering orgasm.
I decided it was my turn to tease and as Mark leaned back I slowly lowered my mouth onto his very hard dick.
"Oh yes, baby. Suck my dick." "or should I say suck Alex's dick." Mark stated.
I knew Mark likes to think about me with other guys so as I sucked on his shaft and the head of his cock, I went all out using both my hand and my mouth. Now I'm not bragging, but I do give great head and Mark was quickly squirming as he tried hard not to cum.
Just then I abruptly sat up and stroking his cock I asked "do you want me to suck Alex's dick after he cums on me?" 'should I be forced to clean off his cock while you watch?"
"OOHHHHH yesssss.." Mark moaned. "I so want to watch that" he stuttered.
I couldn't help but smile at him "well let's go home and start putting our "evil" plan into play." Mark looked at me with a mixture of shock and disappointment as I stopped stroking him and sat back in my seat
I laughed at the expression on his face. "Come on, let's go home. But don't worry I have an ending planned for tonight that I am sure you are going to love."
Mark looked skeptical but he didn't argue and after buttoning up we started to drive home. After pulling into our driveway we looked over and saw that the lights were on at Alex's house and his car was in the driveway.
"Looks like Alex is home." Mark stated as he looked over at me. "Should I just go over and invite him to join us upstairs?"
"Now that will ruin my "game" I said teasingly as I rubbed Mark's dick through his pants. "Come on let's go inside."
Once in the house, we both proceeded to go right upstairs to the bedroom and get ready for bed. After washing up I came out of the bathroom and glanced over at the now legendary window. I sighed with regret that the blinds were now back up. Mark was already in bed watching me anxiously as I went over to my dresser. I found the item I was looking for and started towards my walk-in closet.
"I'll be right back." I said with a smile as I looked back at Mark. "Now don't go falling asleep on me."
I undressed and threw on a very tight pink baby doll top with matching panties. It hugs all my curves and is completely see through and stops just about mid-thigh. Mark loves how I look in this and it always gets him revved up when I wear it. I walked out and catching his eye I put one hand on my hip and the other on the wall while I stood there and let him drink me all in. Mark licked his lips and ran his eyes over me as I walked towards him and climbed onto the bed on my hands and knees. I didn't say a word, I just continued to stare into his eyes while I let him look me all over.
"So, what's my surprise?" Mark finally asked anxiously.
I didn't respond but just simply pulled back the covers and took Mark's semi erect dick in my hand. I gently stroked him and then proceeded to lower my mouth onto his cock.
"Oh yeah..." He moaned in pleasure. I made sure to run my tongue and lips all over his shaft and the head of his cock getting his dick nice and lubed up. After a few minutes of sucking his dick I sat back up and took his hand and placed it on his dick. I covered his hand with my own and started to stroke him up and down keeping both our hands on his cock. Then with a wicked gleam in my eye I removed my hand and climbed off the bed. Mark continued to stroke himself.
The lights were still on in our room and I slowly backed away from the bed and moved towards the window keeping eye contact with Mark the entire time. I turned slightly as I reached the window and started to pull up the blinds. Once the blinds were up and the window was completely uncovered I then turned back to Mark.
I deliberately kept my movements slow and I didn't utter a word as I now started to run both my hands over my hips and up my stomach towards my breasts. Mark continued to stroke himself as he sat transfixed on my movements. He didn't say a word either, probably afraid to break the spell we were under.
I smiled wickedly at him as I started to run my fingertips over my nipples. I pinched and rubbed them as they hardened under my touch. I then turned towards the window and continued to run my hands over my body and tits as I tilted my head back and closed my eyes. I pictured the scene in my mind. My husband behind me on the bed stroking his hard dick while I now stood right in front of the window facing Alex's house playing with myself. After a moment I opened my eyes and looked over at the window across from me. The room was dark.
"Is Alex watching?" Mark asked.
"Oh yes." I responded keeping the fantasy going. "Should I stop?" I asked as I looked back at Mark.
"Do you want him to watch you?" Mark asked again.
I shuddered at the thought. "YESSSSSSS..." I moaned as I continued to tease my nipples and picture Alex there at his window.
As we continued to play our game, I suddenly saw that the light in Alex's hallway outside his room had come on.
"The hallway light just came on." I spoke up excitedly. I was now squeezing my tits and running my hands over my hips and even starting to lightly run my fingers over my pussy. I was getting very excited at the prospect of what might happen next. I didn't move from my spot by the window and I wanted nothing more than for Alex to appear.
Just then my wish came true. My breath caught in my throat as I suddenly saw Alex enter the room. He turned on the light in the room and moved over to the window. There he was, completely dressed and looking right at me. At first, he simply stood there and watched me as I continued to play with myself. We stared at each other as my hands played over my entire body. Then Alex started to rub himself through his shorts and after about a minute or so he abruptly pulled off his t-shirt and unbuttoned and pulled off his shorts. He now stood in just a pair of boxer briefs as he continued to watch me and rub his dick.
Suddenly Mark broke the spell I was under and spoke up from the bed.
"What's Alex doing now?" he asked.
"He's in just his underwear and he is rubbing his dick while he watches me." I said trance like.
"Well I think you know what he wants don't you?" Mark said.
I smiled at that since I knew exactly what Alex wanted. I lowered my hands and grabbing the hem of the baby doll I slowly raised it over my head exposing my tits to his full view. I dropped it to the floor and proceeded to continue to play with my tits. The whole time Alex and I didn't break eye contact. Then suddenly Alex grabbed the waist of his boxer briefs and pulled them off. His cock sprang up as it was released and he started to stroke it. I smiled at him as I watched him play with himself.
I felt so dirty and slutty and I now wanted nothing more than to please Alex. So I took my tits into my hands and leaned down so I could suck on and flick my tongue over my nipples. Alex must have liked thisas he moved even closer to the window and stroked himself faster.
As I continued to hold my breast in my left hand and lick my nipple, I lowered my right hand and started to rub my pussy. I was on the verge of cumming but I still wanted to complete my "plan."
Not looking back I spoke to Mark, "Come over to the window."
I heard Mark get up and then I felt him as he moved behind me. I moaned with pleasure as he placed his hands on my hips and started to slide them up to my breasts. He started to kiss my neck while his hands ran roughly over my now very erect and sensitive nipples. I continued to rub my clit as Mark played with me and now both Mark and I were watching Alex as he watched us.
I now turned towards Mark and gently moved him back a few feet from the window. I turned Mark so he was now facing sideways to the window as I dropped to my knees. I looked back and could still see Alex from the waist up so I knew he could still see me too.
I gave Alex a great big smile as I turned back and slowly engulfed Mark's cock into my mouth. I was extremely turned on and I was determined to put on a great show for our neighbor. I slowly slid my mouth back and forth along Mark's dick making sure Alex could see as much as possible.
Mark grabbed the back of my head and started to "fuck" my mouth. "Oh yeah, he's watching us as you suck on my dick." Mark grunted. Mark was now looking over at Alex as I sucked him into my mouth.
"I love fucking your mouth while he watches." Mark moaned as he continued to push into me.
I was holding Mark's hips and I pulled my mouth off of his dick and started to stroke him while I looked over at Alex. I could no longer see his dick but by the motion of his arm I could see he was still furiously jerking off. I locked eyes with Alex and leaned in to flick my tongue over the head of Mark's cock and to suck him into my mouth.
"Oh yes keep watching him while you blow me." Mark grunted. "I'm about to cum."
At this I pulled my mouth off of Mark's dick and started to jerk him over my tits.
"Cum all over my tits." I practically begged Mark. "I want Alex to see you cum on them."
"OOOOhhhhhhhh..." Mark moaned as he proceeded to shoot all over my tits. He came very hard and his cum was landing on both my nipples and down between my breasts. I hadn't seen him cum that long or that hard in a long time.
"Oh yes...cum all over your slut's tits." I groaned.
After Mark had finished cumming I stood up and slowly moved over to the window. I felt wickedly delicious as I locked eyes on Alex and parted my mouth and licked my lips while I held up my tits so that Alex could see the cum on them. I continued to play with my tongue on my lips as I rubbed Mark's cream all over my tits and nipples. I loved teasing Alex, letting him know I wanted to suck his dick and have his cum all over my tits.
Alex must have been fantasizing about the same thing as he started to shake and I could see he was having an intense orgasm over there.
He held up his hand to show me he had just cum and I could see it as I held up my tits and rubbed them together. I made a kissing motion with my mouth as I smiled and winked at him. Mark stood behind me once again and we both watched as Alex waved over at us.
I waved back and then turning towards Mark I now saw that he was holding up his phone to Alex.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Just inviting Alex over for a barbeque this weekend." Mark said nonchalantly.
"You have his number?" I asked surprised.
"Of course. We exchanged numbers after last weekend's escapade. You're not the only one who can plan wicked adventures." Mark said as he texted Alex. As Alex went to answer Mark's text I spoke up.
"I'm not sure about this." I said with trepidation. "This has been great fun but I'm a little nervous about not having the "separation" between us with the houses. I know we fantasized about Alex being here but is this too quick?"
"Trust me." Mark said as he took my hand to lead me back to the bed.
"I will make sure that we all have fun and everyone is comfortable. OK?"
"Well I'm still not sure." I said grudgingly. I was a little unsure about Mark's plan for this weekend but also if I was honest with myself, I was very intrigued and excited by what Mark had in mind.
"Again, trust me. It will be a barbeque to remember. Now why don't we get cleaned up and get some sleep." Mark said as he kissed me deeply. "You were amazing tonight and I am going to have such a great time withmy slutthis weekend."
Mark said this with a gleam in his eye and a wicked smile on his face. As he walked away, I shuddered at his words but also blushed with excitement. I couldn't believe who I was becoming.
For the next few days things got back to normal. In fact, one evening after work I actually saw Alex in his backyard while I was relaxing on our back porch. We waved and said hello to each other and surprisingly I didn't feel any discomfort. Sure, I could see that Alex was "checking me out" in my tight yoga pants and t-shirt but that only got me excited. I even made sure he got a few long looks at my ass as I bent over to clean the patio table.
Alex suddenly spoke up, "I look forward to the barbeque on Saturday."
I turned as he spoke and realized he was crossing his lawn and coming onto our deck.
"Yes. I'm glad you can come over. Mark and I are looking forward to it too." I said.
Alex was now up on the deck and he was openly looking me up and down as he walked towards me. He made no attempt at being subtle and his eyes lingered over my hips and chest.
"I think it's about time we met formally." He said as he shook my hand. "You're even more beautiful and sexy up close."
Alex didn't break contact as he ran his thumb over the back of my hand. "I also wanted to come over and thank you personally for those unbelievably fantastic shows you put on in your bedroom. I have never had so much fun."
I was at a loss for words and a little embarrassed but I tingled at his words and flushed as he stared at me with obvious lust in his eyes.
"and please don't worry. I can be very discreet." He smiled wickedly at me.
I was feeling bold now myself, "I'm glad to hear that, and I am very glad to hear that you enjoyed playing with my husband and I. Can I ask, what did you like best?" as I eyed him.
At my words Alex grew braver and placed his right hand on my hip. He pulled me into him and then slowly moved his hand over my ass. As he fondled my ass, he returned my stare, "I loved watching you get fucked from behind and also the other night when you rubbed your husbands cum all over your gorgeous tits and teased me to the most intense orgasm I have ever had."
"Well I'm so glad I could help. See you Saturday" I said teasingly as I broke away from his grasp and walked slowly back inside making sure Alex got another long look at my ass.
I looked back out from the kitchen window and smiled to myself as I watched Alex go back over to his house. He really was a very attractive man but there was no way I was going to do anything with him at the barbeque I thought to myself.
Later that night I talked to Mark about my encounter with Alex. I told him how Alex had openly checked me out and had even grabbed my ass as well as talking about watching us.
"Did you like him talking to you about it?" Mark asked.
"I did." I replied. "It turned me on when he talked about what we did." As I spoke Mark came up behind me and started to grind his crotch on my ass while running his hands over my breasts.
"I think someone else likes to hear about this too." I giggled as I ground my ass back against Mark's hard on.
"I think tonight we need to pick out a special outfit for you to wear for the barbeque. Something that Alex would like. What do you think?" Mark whispered in my ear.
"Oh yes. I certainly want to look nice for our neighbor but something tells me that you have an outfit already picked out in your mind." I said with a grin looking back at Mark.
Later that night as I was finishing washing up in the bathroom getting ready for bed Mark told me he was going to go through my clothes and assemble my "costume". I had to laugh at how excited Mark was with all of this. He was like a kid on Christmas morning. He couldn't wait to start looking through my clothes and picking out all the right pieces. I also had to admit that I was very anxious to see what he would pick out. As I came out of the bathroom Mark was standing by the bed and he had a look of pure joy on his face.
"I think I have put together the perfect outfit for you." He said smugly.
"Oh yeah, let's have a look." I said as I walked over to the bed.
"This is what you want me to wear?" I asked Mark seeing what he had laid out on the bed.
"Yes, it's perfect. I'll love seeing you in it and it will drive Alex crazy. It's just the right combination of sexy and slutty. Now why don't you try it all on and give me a preview." Mark stated.
I laughed and shook my head as I started to take off my sleep shirt to change.
"No, no, no." Mark said. "Go put on everything in the bathroom. That way I get the full effect all at once. I want it to be just like when Alex will see you for the first time."
I didn't argue with Mark because a big part of me was getting turned on dressing up in such a slutty outfit and modeling it for my man. So I picked up the clothes and the shoes and went into the bathroom.
After getting everything on I called out, "I'm ready, here I come."
I walked out of the bathroom and turned towards Mark who was now leaning against the bed.
"Well is it what you wanted?" I asked in a wicked tone as I turned to take a look at myself in the full-length mirror on my closet door.
Mark had picked out a top we had bought a few years back. I had never worn it out in public for the simple reason that it was so shear it was basically see-through. It was a low cut grayish-black lycra top that clung to my breasts like a second skin. The neckline came down very low and exposed the top of my breasts. Not that the material covered anything up anyway. Looking in the mirror I could clearly see my areolas and nipples as they poked out of the thin material. Along with this top Mark had picked out a pair of white short shorts that clung to my hips and barely covered my ass. Of course, he had picked out a pair of red thong underwear that was completely visible through the shorts. Finally, to finish it off he had me wearing a pair of open toed white wedge sandals that accentuated my long-tanned legs.
Mark's mouth dropped open and his eyes roamed up and down my entire body as he took it all in. I was getting excited and wet just knowing how slutty I looked in this outfit and the idea that I was going to wear this in front of Alex. I turned and modelled the outfit as I teased Mark and asked him if he liked what he saw. Well I didn't get a verbal response from him. He just walked over and taking my hand he pulled me over and threw me onto the bed. He then proceeded to run his hands and mouth over my entire body until neither of us could stand it anymore. I quickly pulled the shorts and thong off while Mark shed his clothes and we fucked long and hard.
"I can't wait till Saturday and seeing you come onto the deck in that outfit in front of Alex and me." Mark grunted as he thrust into me.
"ooohhhhhhhh yessss..." I moaned as I pictured the scene Mark had just painted. It got me so wet thinking about exposing myself in such a slutty outfit just a few feet from our neighbor.
We both came very hard that night and as we laid in each other's arms we each got lost in our thoughts. I couldn't believe how much I had changed in just a few weeks and how much sexual satisfaction I was getting from what Mark and I were doing. I did know that if I was being honest with myself, I was enjoying this very much and I didn't want to stop.
After what felt like a month of anticipation Saturday finally rolled around. It was a beautiful sunny day with perfect weather for our next adventure. Mark had marinated some flank steaks which we were going to serve along with some fresh corn on the cob and a homemade pasta salad that I had made.
I was still a little nervous about today but as I looked out on our backyard, I comforted myself with the thought that our yard and deck area is very private as it is surrounded by trees. It's only going to be Mark and Alex, I thought to myself, and we have already done some crazy things together so this won't be much different.
As we were getting the deck cleaned up and ready for our barbeque Mark spoke up.
"I was thinking about how you could make a grand entrance in your outfit once Alex is here. Why don't you go upstairs just before five when Alex is coming over and once he is here you can come down to greet him?"
"I like that idea and I have a feeling you do too." I said with a smile as Mark came over to me and pulled me into his arms.
"I thought you would" he said with a grin. "I can't wait to see the expression on Alex's face when he drinks you in." Mark murmured as he nuzzled my neck and started to kiss my throat."
"We better stop." I moaned as Mark continued to tease me with his lips and tongue.
"You're right." Mark laughed as he fondled my ass and pulled me harder into him. "I just am so excited for what's to come."
Finally, we had everything ready outside. It was about ten minutes before Alex was expected to arrive so I told Mark I was headed upstairs to change. He looked at me with intense excitement in his eyes and rubbing his hands together in glee he told me he couldn't wait for me to make my entrance. I was freshening up in the bathroom when I heard Mark's voice on the deck. I looked out the window with excitement as I saw Alex coming through our back yard and up onto the deck.
I had to smile as I noticed it was exactly five o'clock and Alex was right on time as Mark had predicted. Clearly, he was as excited for tonight as we were.
I went into the bedroom and took off my robe to get ready. My naked body was tingling with anticipation as I got into my "special outfit". My skin seemed more sensitive as I slowly slid on the red thong underwear. As I pulled up the tight white shorts over my ass, I could feel my pussy tingle and I was already getting wet just from the feel of the clothes as I slid them on. My nipples grew hard and became very sensitive to the feel of the tight lycra top as I pulled it over my breasts. I went to the full-length mirror in my closet and looked myself up and down.
I very happy with what I saw. The sheer top showed off plenty of cleavage and as I turned this way and that my nipples were clearly visible as well. I hiked up the shorts so they clung just right on my hips and my ass was perfectly sculpted in them as I turned to look at my backside. I then went into the bathroom to brush out my hair so it hung loose and flowing over my shoulders and I put on some subtle frosted red lipstick to finish off my appearance. Finally, I walked back to the mirror and slid into the sandals that added about three inches to my height and made my already long tanned legs seem even longer and really accentuated my ass as l looked at myself from behind.
I smiled at myself in the mirror as I thought about how much Alex and Mark were going to love how slutty I looked.
I went down into the kitchen and set up a bowl of salsa and chips for us all to nibble on. I could hear Mark and Alex talking on the deck and I peeked out to see that they were sitting and sipping on some beers. Alex was facing the door to the deck and right away I knew Mark had done that deliberately so Alex would see me when I first walked out. I tingled some more at the thought and I was certainly glad Mark had done this. I picked up the bowl and deliberately holding it below my breasts I slowly walked to the door and out onto the deck.
Even though I was very nervous I made sure my movements were slow and precise as I caught Alex's eyes and watched as he took me in for the first time. Alex seemed to freeze as his eyes roamed over me. I could see him staring at my tits and then he slowly moved his eyes down my body as he took everything in.
With a smile on my face I slowly walked over to him and bending down slightly with my breasts hanging out I spoke for the first time, "Alex it's so nice you could join us. I have some chips and salsa if you would like some."
Alex seemed to be on autopilot as he groped for a chip and dipped it into the salsa all the time never taking his eyes away from my tits. "Th...thank you." He stuttered.
I then turned towards Mark to offer him some food as well knowing I was now giving Alex a great view of my ass and legs. I even heard a slight moan escape Alex's lips as I bent over. I gave Mark a smile and a wink as I straightened up and went to put the food down.
Mark had a big smile on his face as well and he was clearly enjoying the show I was putting on. I was enjoying it too. In fact, even more than I thought I would, so I deliberately did not sit down but continued to move around on the deck pretending to check the cooler and table. All the time Mark and Alex followed me with their eyes and when I glanced at Alex his mouth was ajar and he looked like he was ready to drool right on the deck. Mark on the other hand had a gleam in his eye and it looked like he wanted to fuck me right then and there.
"Can I get you guys anything else?" I asked innocently as I turned to them and put my hands on my hips and subtly jutted out my chest.
Alex seemed to be at a loss for words as he first just shook his head and then suddenly stammered "I'm good for right now. In fact, I'm very good for now." He said as he smiled at me and finally looked up at my face.
I sat down and crossed my legs thus giving the boys plenty of view of my body. As we all made small talk Alex continued to have a hard time knowing just where to look. He was trying to be subtle about it and it was really quite funny as he tried to carry on a conversation while openly ogling my tits and legs.
Mark got up to get another beer for himself and Alex (I was still working on my first Cape Cod). As he handed Alex his beer Mark suddenly asked a very surprising question.
"So Alex, what was your favorite part about watching Amy the past few nights through our window?"
Alex looked up at Mark with a shocked face. I myself was not expecting Mark to be so forthright and I flushed after hearing his question. Alex looked over at me and still seemed to hesitate.
"Come on Alex, with what the three of us have already seen and done I don't think we need to be so shy in our conversation." Mark stated as he looked at both Alex and myself.
"Besides if you tell us what you liked most, we may just act it out for you again some night." Mark added.
After a little more hesitation Alex finally spoke up.
"I love when Amy dresses up in a slutty outfit and then walks around in it. Then when she plays with herself in front of the window while she watches me." Alex said as he stared at me.
"What else?" Mark asked.
"I like to stroke myself and imagine Amy is right in front of me and then imagine her dropping to her knees and taking my dick in her hand she strokes me over her tits. She then runs the tip of my cock over her nipples and as I start to cum she jerks me off over her tits so I can watch my cum drip all over her breasts."
As Alex talked, I started to get wet picturing the scene he was creating. I un-crossed and re-crossed my legs squeezing my pussy with my thighs. I started to breathe heavier and became flushed with desire as I pictured doing the things Alex described. Alex stared at my tits and hardening nipples as he talked and he now moved his hand to his crotch and started to rub his dick through his shorts.
I was mesmerized by what Alex was saying and doing and I continued to watch him as he spoke.
"My other favorite part was when you bent Amy over the windowsill and fucked her from behind while I watched. I loved how she had her eyes on me the whole time while you pounded into her from behind. I came so hard watching that and imagining it was me fucking her."
All the while he talked Alex was looking at me and continuing to rub his dick. At the same time Mark moved behind me, and while Alex told us of his desires, I felt Mark place his hands on my shoulders. He was lightly rubbing my shoulders when he again spoke up.
"I think that was one of Amy's favorite parts too. I know she loved having me fuck her while she watched you stroke your cock." Mark whispered by my ear.
As he spoke Mark slowly moved his hands down and he started to fondle my breasts.
"Did you like Alex watching you get fucked?" Mark asked me as he started to kiss my neck. My nipples tingled to his touch and I grew wetter as Alex watched Mark play with my tits.
I smiled at Alex "I loved having him watch me. It was such a turn on having him stroke his dick while he watched us." I said huskily.
I was a little shocked at my bold talk but I was so turned on by what was happening that I really couldn't stop. I then uncrossed my legs and slowly spread my thighs so Alex could see my red thong as it stretched tight against my aching pussy. I dropped my left hand down and started to rub my pussy through the thin cotton shorts. Mark continued to rub and pinch my nipples as I played with my pussy. I grinned as I saw Alex roll his eyes and let out a soft moan while he shifted his hard dick in his shorts.
I loved being on display and being played with by my husband while our neighbor watched from just a few feet away. As the three of us were getting more and more into our sexual play Alex's phone suddenly rang. He ignored it as he continued to watch me rub my pussy.
"So, do you like my red thong?" I asked lewdly. "Mark made me wear it just for you. Do you like watching me rub my pussy through the thong?"
Alex grunted "Yes. You look so sexy and hot."
"I think..." Alex started to say when his phone began to ring again. He made an apology as he pulled it from his pocket to quickly silence it. He said it was his brother and he ignored the call. But no sooner than he put the phone back in his pocket it was ringing again. Mark told him to go ahead and pick it up so we could stop being interrupted.
Alex answered the phone and I saw his face drop as he quickly looked back over towards his house. We then heard him say "you're at the house right now? "Where?" "OK. Hold on."
Alex then put his phone on hold and looked at Mark and I.
"I can't believe this but my brother is at my front door. He sees my car in the driveway and is looking for me." "I'm really sorry but let me run over there and get rid of them."
Alex had started to get up and move off the deck when Mark spoke up.
"No worries Alex. Why don't you ask him to come over for a beer? He can hang out for a little and then once he leaves, we can get back to our playing."
"Are you sure?" Alex asked deflated. "I mean I don't want this messing up our fun."
I know Alex was upset and worried that this was going to ruin our playing together but Mark insisted that he go get his brother. After Alex left, I got up and started to move towards the house.
"Where are you going?" Mark asked.
I turned back to him somewhat surprised by his question.
"I should probably change into something less "showy"." I responded.
"No. Stay just like that." Mark replied. "I think it would be fun showing off to three guys even more than two. You know, the more the merrier"
The idea of exhibiting myself to another stranger was enticing, but still I wasn't sure about this. Mark could see my hesitation so he quickly spoke up,
"I have an idea. Why don't you go wait inside and take a look at Alex's brother. If you like the way he looks come back out as you are. If not then you can change and come out."
I liked Mark's idea so I went inside and upstairs so I could look down on the deck from our bedroom window. After a minute or so I heard Alex calling to Mark and then he and another man came up on the deck. As Alex's brother introduced himself to Mark and accepted a beer, I could see that he was younger than Alex and looked to be in his mid-thirties. I noticed right away that he was in good shape with a muscular and fit body. I got excited when I saw how attractive he was and I was getting turned on by the idea of walking out on the deck to show myself off to our new guest.
I quickly moved down the stairs to the kitchen and surreptitiously looked out the kitchen window. Alex's brother had sandy blond hair and was wearing a golf shirt with shorts. Up closer I saw that he was quite good looking and was about Alex's height but bigger all around.
As I watched all three guys talk, I ran my hands over my breasts and felt my hard nipples poking through the thin sheer top. I can't believe I'm actually thinking about walking out on the deck dressed like this for another complete stranger. But as I continued to think about it, I also knew that I really wanted to. I didn't want to go back upstairs and change I just needed to work up my courage and walk out there.
Well, I thought, I have already done such slutty things in the past few weeks that I thought I would never do and I have loved it. This may be just as fun too, so I quickly adjusted my clothes and walked out onto the deck.
As I stepped out all three of the men turned towards me. Mark had a big grin on his face when he saw that I had stayed in my slutty outfit. Alex looked over with surprise as I suspected he thought I went in to change and that our "play time" was over. But it was the look on our new comers face that really made me blush and laugh to myself. His jaw literally dropped and he stared blatantly at me as I walked over to introduce myself. I knew this man who I had never met before could see my tits through my shirt and I was sure he could see the red thong as it rode over my hips. Alex quickly moved next to me and introduced me to his brother Tom.
"It's so nice to meet you." I said to Tom as we shook hands and his eyes dropped to stare at my tits. "Why doesn't everyone sit down and get comfortable."
As the guys started to sit, I moved past them to go to the cooler so I could top off my drink. I could sense all the men's eyes were on me and I was happily giving everyone I nice view of my thong covered ass and long tanned legs. I deliberately took my time and even unnecessarily bent over the cooler a few times sticking my ass out just to tease them all the more. As I did this, I could feel how damp my panties were and I was growing bolder knowing the effect I was having on all the men.
I turned around to find all eyes were still fixed on me. The guys had apparently turned mute since they were not talking, just staring at me, or rather my body. I knew they were seeing everything through the sheer top and I smiled at the effect I was having on them as I slowly walked back and sat in a chair next to Mark.
Alex seemed to come out of his shock when he suddenly spoke up to explain that his brother Tom lives a few towns away and had stopped by to watch the game.
"Yes. I didn't mean to interrupt your barbeque." Tom said. "I just thought Alex might want to hang out. I thought he would be bored and could use some company."
"Now I realize how lucky he is to have such great neighbors as you to hang out with." Tom said with a smile as he blatantly leered at my tits.
I blushed at Tom's words but grew excited as he continued to openly eye my body, looking me up and down from my legs to my chest.
"Alex didn't tell me anything about his neighbors." Tom continued as he looked over at Alex with a smirk. "I guess I can't blame him for not wanting to share his luck."
It was clear that even though Tom was the younger brother he was very confident in himself and he was very open with his opinions.
"So, Alex is a pretty shy guy. Tell me how you met?" Tom asked.
At Tom's question Mark spoke up, and what he said almost made me choke on my drink.
"Actually, we caught Alex watching Amy through our bedroom window while she was naked."
"You're kidding?" Tom asked practically choking on his beer.
"I need to hear this story." Tom said as he sat up with anticipation.
Alex looked slightly embarrassed as he caught my eye but after I gave him a smile he seemed to relax.
"Well we were repainting our bedroom and I had taken down the window blinds so the windows were completely uncovered. A few nights later as Amy was showering and changing for bed, she thought she noticed that Alex was watching her from his upstairs office window." Mark said.
"Were you Alex?" Tom asked as he looked over at his brother. "Although who could blame you." Tom continued as he again looked me over with lust filled eyes.
Alex finally spoke up. "I was working in my office and I happened to look out the window and I saw Amy walking around in her work out clothes." As Alex talked, he had his eyes on me. "She started to pull her clothes off and I couldn't look away. The next thing I knew she was naked and I just kept watching her."
Alex's words were having an effect on me as I started to tingle all over.
Laughing, Mark spoke up. "To tell you the truth Alex we set that night up since we suspected you had been watching Amy earlier. I was actually watching your window from another room. Amy and I were talking to each other and I was directing her on what to do"
Alex was surprised by this but just smiled as he looked from Mark to me.
"Then what happened?" Tom interjected excitedly.
Alex then continued fixing his eyes on me as he spoke.
"She went into the bathroom, I guess to shower, so I turned off the light in my office and moved over to the window to wait. She came out after a few minutes wrapped in a towel. Then suddenly she took off the towel and started to slowly dry herself right in front of the window. Her body is gorgeous and I just kept looking at her. I could hardly breathe I was so excited watching her."
"Yeah I bet you weren't just watching her either." Tom smirked. "I know I wouldn't be just watching."
As Alex told the story both Tom and Mark were watching me. I was breathing harder and getting wetter and I wanted nothing more than to start running my hands over my body I was so turned on.
Then Mark put his hand on my arm; "Amy why don't you tell everyone when we realized that Alex was watching you."
I blushed at this point but I spoke up.
"After I came out of the shower to get dressed for bed, I glanced out our window and even though it was dark in Alex's room I thought I saw movement."
Mark smiled at me.
"Tell everyone how you felt about Alex was watching you."
I looked at Mark and then at Alex; "it got me excited." I said as I blushed.
"Then what did you do?" Mark asked.
"I did what you told me to do. I unwrapped my towel and moved closer to the window. I started to slowly dry my naked body off making sure Alex could see everything, especially my tits." I smiled and looked from Alex over to Tom.
"Oh God...this is too much." Tom moaned. He grabbed his crotch as he said this and tried to adjust himself.
"Tell everyone what you did next." Mark continued.
With a slight smile on my face I continued the story for everyone.
"I went back into the bathroom and then came out to brush my hair. I stood by the window naked so Alex could see me while I faced Mark on the bed and brushed out my hair. I then put on a slutty baby doll right in front of the window to tease Alex one last time before Mark and I fucked thinking about Alex playing with himself."
As I said these last words I looked over at Alex and asked him, "Were you playing with yourself that night?"
"Of course, I was. I couldn't help it" Alex smiled back at me.
"I'm glad you were. I like when men pleasure themselves while they watch me" I replied with a sultry look.
"You have to tell me what happened next. This is so hot I hope there's more." Tom practically pleaded.
"Tell everyone what we did the next night." Mark said as he watched me.
I was so turned on at this point that I slowly moved my hands up to my breasts and started to run my palms over my nipples as I continued with the story. I even grew bolder with my words.
"The next night my Master (I grinned as Tom moaned loudly at my use of the word master) had me go upstairs after I got back from my workout class and slowly undress in front of the window so Alex could watch me. We knew he was at the window sitting in a chair." I said as I glanced at Alex.
"After pulling off my spandex top I played with my nipples while I faced Alex's window. My Master made sure I went nice and slow and rubbed and pinched my nipples so Alex could see everything. He then had me turn around and bend over while I pulled off my yoga pants so Alex could see my ass. Then I slowly walked into the bathroom to shower. After showering I came back to the bed naked and waited for my Master's next command."
"Oh man...this is too much" Tom moaned as he squirmed in his chair and adjusted his dick through his shorts.
"You haven't heard the best part yet." Mark spoke up. "Alex why don't you tell everyone what you saw next?"
Alex then picked up the story.
"I saw Amy walk into her closet and when she came out I nearly came right then and there." He groaned.
"She was dressed in the sexiest black fishnet body stocking and black high heels. She looked so hot I had to stop stroking myself just to make it last."
"Then what happened Amy?" Tom asked. "I like it when you tell the story."
I was really getting in to what we were doing so I quickly took up the story and pinching my nipples I said;
"Do you want me to tell you what we did next?" I asked Tom with a wicked grin on my face.
"YES!! Please continue!" Tom begged.
"As Alex said, I came out in a sexy black fishnet body stocking and my stiletto black heels just as my Master had ordered me to. I was so excited knowing your brother was watching me. I stood at the window and ran my hands over my hips and nipples giving my husband and Alex a show. Then the best part happened."
I said this last statement with a wicked grin at everyone. "Should I continue?" I asked.
All the men practically shouted yes in unison.
"Well if we are going to continue this story, I want to get more comfortable." And with shock on all three faces the guys watched as I suddenly stood up and started to unbutton my shorts. I could tell even Mark was surprised at my boldness
"These shorts are just way too tight." I whispered to them.
As I said this, I slowly lowered my shorts over my hips and down my legs and tossed them to the deck. Now I stood in front of all three men in just my sheer black top, a red thong and high heeled sandals.
Placing a hand on my hip, I asked "is that ok with everyone?"
"This is the best barbeque ever!" Alex exclaimed with a big grin on his face.
I then proceeded to turn and walk over to the cooler giving the guys a nice long view of my thong covered ass.
"Before I continue with the story from last night. Can I get anyone another beer?" I asked.
"I could use another one" Tom said as he gulped down the rest of his beer and placed it on the table.
I reached into the cooler and pulled out an ice-cold beer and grabbing the bottle opener I popped off the top and started to walk towards Tom to give him his drink.
"Enjoy." I said with a leer as I handed it to him.
I then turned around and let him drink in my ass for a few seconds before I went back to sit in my chair.
"Now, where was I?" I asked innocently.
Mark laughed. "I think you were in your fishnet body stocking and heels and ready to tell Tom what we did next while his brother watched."
"That's right." I said as I looked at Tom and continued with the story.
"My Master ordered me to go over to my dresser by the window and to place my hands on the top of it. I was now next to the window and Alex could see me completely. Then my Master told me to bend over and spread my legs."
As I said this, I kept my eyes on Tom and slowly uncrossed my legs and spread them apart so now he could see the sheer red thong pull tight over my pussy. I placed my hands on my thighs and rubbed them back and forth as I continued.
"Then my Master came over to me with a vibrator in his hand. He wanted to put on a show for your brother as he switched on the vibrator and started to slowly run it over my body."
"Would you like a show Tom?" I asked playfully as I continued to run the palms of my hands lightly over my thighs.
"More than anything." Tom responded with a pleading in his voice.
I just smiled at him and looking over at Alex and Mark I asked if it was ok if Tom joined in our play.
"I'm more than happy with that." Mark answered.
"Sure." Tom said "just please don't stop!"
Mark then spoke up again.
"You know it's very private back here and if Amy is going to keep telling the story I for one am going to get more comfortable myself." As Mark said this as he looked around at all of us and he started to unbutton his shorts and pull down his zipper.
Seeing Mark start to pull out his dick seemed to remove any doubt or shyness from Alex and Tom. Both of them started to unzip and pull out their dicks as well. I was surprised at this sudden turn of events but I was only too happy and excited to watch as all three of them started to stroke themselves.
"Is everyone going to keep stroking themselves while I tell how slutty I was that night?" I grinned.
As I spoke, I slid my right hand off my thigh and onto my pussy. I started to lightly stroke myself through the thin red panties and moved my left hand up onto my chest to fondle my nipple. I looked at Mark's cock then Alex's and finally at Tom's. He had a nice size dick that was pulsing in his hand as he slowly stroked himself while he watched my hand play over my pussy.
"My Master then slowly ran the vibrator down my back and over the crack of my ass until he was touching my pussy lips with it. He asked me if I liked playing the slut for him and Alex."
As I said this, I looked away from Tom and towards Alex.
"So Alex, did you like watching my Master use the vibrator on my pussy? Was I slutty enough for you?" I asked wickedly.
"Oooohhhhh... yeeeessssss...you were such a slut that night." Alex moaned as he continued to jerk his cock.
I looked back at Tom.
"My Master ordered me to look over at your brother while he continued to rub my clit with the vibrator. You know, I liked watching your brother while my pussy got played with. He must have liked watching me too since he turned on the light in his office and stood there jerking off right in front of his window while he watched me. It was so hot watching him play with himself that we moved over to our window and my Master bent me over and he started to fuck me from behind while your brother watched us."
At this point I was driving myself crazy, and keeping my eyes on Tom, I dropped my left hand and pulled aside my thong. I then started to rub my clit with my right hand. I loved knowing that my legs were spread right in front of Tom and Alex and I was playing with my pussy just a few feet from where they sat. I know Mark loves to watch me be slutty and it was obvious he was getting turned.
"I love watching you spread your legs and play with your pussy in front of them." Mark growled as he stood and moved behind my chair. He then bent over and speaking next to my ear he asked, "do you like having them watch you play with your pussy? Are you turned on looking at their cocks as they stroke them knowing they want to fuck you?"
I shuddered at Mark's words and squeezing my legs tight against my hand I started to cum as I continued to rub my clit and eye Tom and Alex. My orgasm was very powerful and it left me dizzy and spent as I started to catch my breath.
As I started to recover, I noticed that all the guys were watching me closely waiting to see what would happen next. I decided to continue the game and I slowly stood up and turned towards Mark.
"Take off your clothes and have a seat." I told Mark as I looked back over my shoulder at Alex and Tom. "You guys are welcome to get more comfortable and move closer if you want to watch." I said teasingly.
Mark did as I said while Alex and Tom also did as I said by moving closer to me and they watched as I slowly dropped to my knees in front of Mark. Without another word, I lowered my mouth over his dick. I wanted to put on a real show for them all so I enthusiastically started to suck on the shaft and tip of his cock. I made sure to stick my ass up so Alex and Tom could get a nice view of it while I pleasured my husband in front of them. Mark placed his hand on the back of my head and started to pump his hips as he fucked my mouth.
"Oh yes slut suck my cock. Show these two how good you are at giving head." He grunted as his hard dick moved deeper into my throat.
I was turned on by Mark's dirty talk and the idea of giving him a blow job in front of two other men. I sat up and stroking Mark's cock I noticed that both Tom and Alex were now naked and watching me intently while they stroked their dicks on either side of me. I loved watching them stroke their shafts just a few feet from me. Tom then inched closer to me so he was now pumping his cock just a few feet from my face. I smiled up at him as I continued to stroke Mark's dick.
"I would love to have you put your lips around my dick." Tom pleaded as he looked into my eyes.
I was tempted to lean over and take his dick into my mouth but I still wasn't ready to go there yet.
"I'm not ready for that yet." I said to his disappointment. "But I would love for you to cum on my ass."
Tom wasted no time and moved to kneel behind me. I looked back to see Tom eyeing my ass as he started to stroke his cock just inches from my ass cheeks. I turned back and looking Mark in the eye I said "do you want to watch him cum all over my ass while I suck your dick?"
"Yesssss...Tom I want you to cum on Amy's ass and then Alex you can cum on her too." Mark grunted as he went back to fucking my mouth.
As I sucked on Mark's cock, I felt Tom start to run his hand over my ass and he even snuck a few light touches on my panty covered pussy. As he fondled my ass Tom started to grunt and then I felt his warm sticky cum as it landed onto my ass cheeks. I looked back to watch Tom stroke himself and even run the tip of his dick through his cum on my ass. At this Mark started to cum in my hand and even shot a few strands of his cum onto my tits.
I guess this was too much for Alex as he moved over to stand over me and he started to ejaculate and his cum sprayed onto my tits and nipples.
I sat up and looking at all three of the men I started to run my hands over my tits and ass to rub their cum into my skin.
"Oh yum." I said seductively. "I love having all your cum on me. It makes me feel like such a whore knowing you all marked me with your cum."
Later that night as Mark and I talked about the adventure we just had Mark asked,
"so how would you rate today? Did you have more fun than you thought you would?"
"Definitely more fun." I laughed as I answered his question. "I loved playing the slutty whore right in front of Alex and Tom."
"Do you regret anything?"
"No. I loved everything we did. Well. Maybe I regret one thing." I said as I looked at Mark.
"What?" he asked a little nervously.
"I kind of regret that I didn't suck Tom's cock while I let Alex fuck my pussy." I said mischievously as I smiled at Mark.
"Well we don't want you to live with regrets. I think we might have to set up another barbeque with our new friends. Do you think you could satisfy all of us?" Mark smiled back.
"I think I would like that. I replied as I climbed onto Mark and slid his hard dick into my already wet pussy.
"How about one from behind and one in front." I asked as I sunk down on Mark's cock.
"Would you like to watch me suck on Tom's dick while Alex fucks me from behind?"
"Oh, hell yes!" Mark grunted as he closed his eyes imagining my story.
...to be continued??