This story includes descriptions of master/slave play, bondage and spanking. That being said, the participants are rank beginners and true BDSM fans will probably find their play to be laughable.
Part 9: Erotic Couplings
Chapter 24: Erotic Couplings- Weekend with Clarice - Ian's Day As A Slave
Back at school, the end of the semester was becoming a grind. I got to see Clarice and Patty for lunch or dinner most days, but we couldn't manage any alone time.
I was working out with Keith and Lee one morning and I mentioned my problem. Keith slapped me on the back and asked, "Are you going to be around this weekend?"
"Sure, I don't work until next weekend. Why?"
"I may be able to help you with your problem. How'd you like to house sit this weekend?"
"House sit? Sure! What's up?"
"Lee and I scored some cheap packages for a weekend in Vegas. We're flying out with the Anita and Carla Friday afternoon and coming back on the redeye Sunday night. If you want to stay at my house while we're gone, I'll tell Anita and she'll get everything ready."
"That'd be great! Thanks Keith! Clarice will love a chance to get away together."
"Stop by before one on Friday. Anita will give you the keys and show you around."
On Friday I skipped lunch and drove over the Keith's house. Anita was there waiting. I said, "Thank you so much for this. Clarice will be so surprised and happy."
As Anita led me into the house and started showing me around, she said it was nothing and that they were glad to do it.
The house was a two-story colonial in an older part of town, but she and Keith had renovated it from top to bottom. They'd restored all the old woodwork and hardwood floors, but everything else was state of the art.
The kitchen was cozy with a breakfast nook in one corner and comfortable stools around a cooking island that divided the room. Anita showed me the wine rack and the wine fridge and pointed out a few bottles she thought Clarice and I might enjoy. She also showed me that she had laid in food for us, including steaks, strawberries, and whipped cream. "Just don't get the whipped cream on the sheets," she warned.
Next Anita showed me the family room in the basement. The sectional sofa was huge, with plenty of room for me to stretch out my legs. She showed me their movie collection, including several chick flicks she recommended. She also told me how to access their adult movie subscriptions.
The last thing she showed me was the master bedroom. She told me they wanted us to sleep there because we'd be more comfortable. The room wasn't that big, and a four-poster king sized bed took up most of the space. I noticed that she'd made it up with incredibly soft sheets and a down comforter that you could get lost in.
Anita showed me the controls for the lights and how to dim them, and she showed me the hidden TV. She also showed me their toy drawers which were in a big storage unit under the bed.
Anita pulled open one of the drawers to show me what kinds of things they had. She said Clarice and I could explore all four drawers and try out anything we found interesting. The first drawer she pulled out contained an assortment of dildos, vibrators, butt plugs and the like. She also showed me the assortment of lubes and massage oils that they kept in the nightstand. There was even a drawer with bondage and S&M gear.
The adjoining bath was also modest sized, as you'd expect in a house of that vintage, but they had managed to fit a two-person soaker tub into it. I noticed that Anita had put candles around the tub, and she pointed out several bottles of scented bath oils and jars of bath salts.
The last thing Anita said to me was, "If I don't find cum stains all over the house, I'll be disappointed. That girl had better be bowlegged and worn out when you take her back to school."
I kissed Anita on the cheek and thanked her again as I took the key and left to finish my classes. As I walked to class, I sent Clarice a text saying, "Pack a bag for two nights. I'll pick you up after class." Clarice sent some questions back, but I ignored her.
After my last class, I packed a bag and picked up Clarice at her dorm. I deflected all her questions until we pulled up in front of the house, then I explained about Keith and Anita letting us use their place for the weekend. We let ourselves in and I put our bags in the bedroom, then I showed her around the house.
As I finished the tour in the family room, she jumped into my arms and knocked me onto the sofa. Between kisses, she breathlessly told me what a wonderful surprise it was and what a great boyfriend I am.
We laid there kissing for some time. Clarice was on top of me with her feet hooked around my legs. I could feel her breasts squeezed against my chest and the heat of her pussy against my stomach. She would occasionally break our kiss to sit up and grind her crotch against my hard cock still trapped in my jeans.
As Clarice finished grinding against me and settled back down onto my chest, I tried to slip my hand up the back of her shirt and undo her bra. She stopped me saying, "Plenty of time for that later. Now we should make some dinner before we completely lose track of time."
We went up to the kitchen and found a tray of sushi, a tray of fruit slices with some dips, and a fondue pot with a note that said, "Feed each other. Have fun. Anita." The note also suggested a wine to go with it.
Clarice said, "Follow me."
She led me to the bedroom and dug through my bag until she found a pair of blue silk boxers that she had bought for me and a cutoff T-shirt that she liked. Then she put on a silver-colored satin sleep set with a camisole top and matching shorts. I tried to grab her as she stripped, but she slapped my hand and made a tut-tut sound. We dressed and went back to the kitchen.
Clarice recognized all the fruits and dips. She warmed up a couple of them and figured out how to heat up the fondue. I opened the wine and found some glasses. We put everything on a big serving tray and carried it down to the family room.
We sat on the sofa and fed each other. I made sure that anything I fed Clarice was dripping with sauce so that she had a hard time eating without having it drip on her. She was mostly successful in avoiding a mess, but I did have to lick several drips off her chin, and two or three drips made it to her breasts.
When we had eaten our fill, I took Clarice in my arms and we laid there kissing. Clarice let me run my hands over her body, but she still kept me away from any erogenous zones. That didn't stop me from having a raging hard-on and a huge wet spot in the front of my boxers. As I ran my hand up the inside of Clarice's thigh, I could feel a fiery heat coming from her pussy; and where my thumb brushed the fabric of her pajama bottoms, I could feel that they were wet too.
I finally said, "You're driving me crazy. I'm going to rape you in about two minutes."
Clarice just said, "In that case, I think it's time we watch a movie."
As Clarice reached for the remote control, she saw a flash drive with a little sticky note attached to it. Both of our names were written on it in what looked like a woman's handwriting above a note that said, "Watch this."
Clarice gave me a questioning look. I just shrugged and said, "Let's see what it is." It looked like Anita had gone out of her way to make sure we'd have a great weekend, so I figured I'd trust her on this.
Clarice found the right slot on the TV, popped in the drive and plopped down next to me on the sofa. She navigated through the menu to find the USB drive. There was only one file, so she selected it and hit play. Right away we could see it was a homemade video. As the screen cleared, we could see Keith and Anita's bedroom. Anita was sitting on the bed, naked.
A minute later, Keith entered the picture carrying what looked like mountain climbing gear. He dropped it on the bed, taking a carabineer from the pile. He reached up under the decorative canopy around the top of one of the bed posts at the foot of the bed and hooked it onto something up there. He quickly hooked another carabineer to the top of the post on the opposite side, then attached two more to the back of the headboard at about mattress level.
Next, he took four padded cuffs from the pile and buckled them around Anita's ankles and wrists. He also put a ball gag in her mouth.
Keith wound a rope around Anita, wrapping her tits in an intricate figure-eight pattern. It didn't look like he wound it very tight, but her tits were definitely being squeezed when he was done. He made her lay on her back, and then he wrapped the rope under the bed a couple of times before tying the ends together. Next, he attached ropes to the cuffs on her ankles and suspended Anita from the carabineers at the top of the posts so she was spread-eagled with her feet high in the air. Lastly, he attached ropes from the cuffs on her wrists to the carabineers at the head of the bed. When he finished, her shoulders were resting on the bed while her ass was hanging in the air.
Once Anita was securely fastened, Keith took two wicked looking nipple clamps and attached them to Anita's nipples. I noticed that they were already hard, flushed points, so he was able to clip attach the clips without any preliminaries. Next, he picked up something from the bed and reached up to the canopy. I saw that it was a string with a clip on one end that he attached to a nipple clip and a weight on the opposite end. He repeated the process on the other side and then he started adding weights. Anita's nipples stretched into impossible cones before she threw back her head and let out a groan.
Finally, he picked up a Hitachi wand vibrator and spent some time securing it so that it was centered over Anita's clit and couldn't move from side to side. Once he was satisfied with the position of the vibrator, he plugged it in and turned it on, then moved out of the video frame. We heard a door close, so we assumed he left the room.
We watched for about five minutes until Anita showed unmistakable signs of an impending orgasm. As her breathing became faster and her body tensed, Clarice and I both found ourselves mimicking her reaction. When she gasped and moaned around the ball gag, we both shuddered.
As Anita's orgasm continued, she began crying and moaning. We realized that her clit was in a hypersensitive state, and the vibrator was causing her pain. After a few seconds, we saw her clench her stomach muscles and the vibrator slid down her body and away from her clit. The way Keith had secured the vibrator allowed it to move up and down her body.
She was able to hold the crunch for a couple of minutes before her stomach muscles gave out. Within a minute, the vibrator brought her to another orgasm and soon after that she moved herself away for as long as she could.
This continued for about ten minutes until Keith returned. He removed the vibrator saying, "There, there slave. Your master won't give you more than you can bear."
Anita said, "Yes Master. Thank you master."
The video continued with several scenes of Keith and Anita have sex while she was bound, a couple more scenes of Keith ordering Anita to perform various tasks, and a couple of scenes that had Clarice's pussy running where Keith spanked Anita or slapped her tits.
Just when we thought it was done, several scenes came on showing Carla in a leather corset and black thigh boots dominating and spanking Lee.
As the video ended, Clarice and I looked at each other. I said, "That was so wrong. I've never seen anything like that before."
"But it was hot! Look at your cock! Look at my pussy! Oh my god, was that hot!"
Clarice and I looked at each other again, and almost simultaneously we both said, "I want to be your slave."
After we stopped laughing, Clarice said, "Well, we can't both be the slave."
I said, "How about we toss a coin for it?"
"I've got a better idea. Let's toss a coin, and the winner is the slave on Saturday. Loser had to wait until Sunday."
"Deal! I'll go find a coin."
"First things first," I said as I pushed Clarice onto her back and peeled off her pajama bottoms. A few seconds later, I was naked and had my cock buried in her cunt. We fucked frantically as we told each other, "I'm going to torture your tits," "I'm going to spank your ass," "You're going to beg me to let you cum." The kinky images set us off in no time.
Since I hadn't had sex since Sunday morning, I dumped a bucket load of cum in Clarice's pussy. I cleaned it up as best I could, but some still escaped onto the sofa. Clarice immediately started to look for something to clean it up with, but I told her to leave it and repeated what Anita had said.
After that, Clarice found a coin and I won the toss, so I would be the first slave. We decided that our slavery would start as soon as the master woke up in the morning.
It was still early, so we decided to watch a movie before we went to stain the sheets in the master bedroom. When Clarice went to pull the flash drive out of the TV, she noticed a box with several other flash drives. We debated whether or not we'd be invading their privacy if we watched them and decided that if Keith and Anita shared one video with us, they wouldn't be upset if we checked out their collection.
Then Clarice had an inspiration. "They obviously used a tripod and video lighting to make this. I wonder if Keith it camera around here? If we can find it, we should make a video for them."
A quick search turned up the equipment in the master bedroom closet. We set it up with my phone and then we settled in to watch the videos we'd found. Since we were already in the bedroom, we decided to watch them there.
Before we started, Clarice said, "We need a safe word. I read those books about the rich guy who tied up his girlfriend and they had a safe word."
We decided that our safe word would be, "Mama O'Brien."
We spent the rest of the night watching Keith and Anita's videos and used them as our guide to what we would and wouldn't do. A lot of the scenes were too extreme and turned us off. I was happy to notice that we both seemed to agree on what things were turn-ons and what felt creepy or scary.
We thought a couple of scenes were really hot. In one scene, Anita was tied so her ass and pussy were completely exposed. Keith spent thirty minutes fucking her ass and pussy with progressively larger dildos, and either diddling her clit with a vibrator or slapping it with a small riding crop.
Clarice pushed me on my back and rode me reverse cowgirl while we watched that twice. The second time through, after she had already made herself cum, she slid my cock up her ass. She kept me hard all that time by sitting perfectly still when I was about to cum, or pulling off completely and sitting on my chest.
At one point we stopped the movie to check out all the toy drawers. There were some scary looking restraints and whips, but we also found a lot of toys we thought would be fun to try. It was like shopping at Angels and Devils, but we got to actually play with the toys.
It looked like Anita was a big fan of nipple clamps based on the wide assortment we found. I spotted a couple that I thought I'd like to see Clarice wearing. I also noticed Clarice checking out some cock rings. We spent a lot of time going through the drawer that held all their anal toys together.
As we returned to watching the videos, Clarice put on a set of nipple clamps and a strap-on. She picked one that had both a vibrating pussy plug and a vibrating butt plug. She spent the next half hour fucking me doggy style as the vibrators and the pressure of the harness on her clit brought her to multiple orgasms.
Clarice fucked my ass very gently. The slow stroking of her cock in my hole kept my prostate tingling and my cock leaking a steady stream of precum. She was also rubbing my back, which caused her to lean over me so her tits grazed my back. The feel of the hard nipple clamps and the cold chain scraping across the small of my back sent shivers through my body.
As I felt another orgasm shudder through Clarice's body, I decided that I would rather watch the beautiful emotion on her face than the movie on the screen. I made Clarice pull out long enough for me to roll over and reposition myself so I could see her and the movie. As she climbed to her next orgasm, I found myself watching and holding my breath.
Eventually, her legs gave out and she collapsed. I licked all of the girl juice she had squirted off her thighs while she sucked my cock and brought me to an incredible orgasm.
In the end we decided that being tied to the bed or having our wrists and ankles bound was okay, but neither of us wanted to try anything more adventurous, as either the master or the slave. We also decided that spanking and slapping were okay but anything that might leave welts was not. We also both agreed that we didn't want to be slapped in the face.
Both of us were spent by then. We collapsed into each other's arms and fell asleep in a big puddle of cum.
The next morning, I woke up first. I was curled around Clarice with my hand, cupping her breast. As I lay there still half asleep, I was idly playing with her nipple. Clarice stirred, then sat up and said, "What were you doing, slave?"
I started to answer, but she cut me off, "I didn't give you permission to touch my breast. Bring me the crop."
I retrieved a riding crop that we'd found the night before. As I handed it to her, she told me to stand with my hands behind my back. I assumed the position, and as soon as I did she slapped me twice across each nipple with the crop. I felt a burning sting, but I also felt my cock stir. Clarice noticed that as well and said, "This is for discipline, not pleasure," and she struck my balls lightly with the crop, followed quickly by a sharper slap to my shaft. It hurt a lot, but then my cock was fully erect.
Turning towards, the bathroom, Clarice said, "Come with me."
I started to follow her and she turned back to me saying, "I gave you an order."
I was confused and just stood with my mouth open. Clarice struck my cock again and said, "What do you say when I give you an order?"
I thought for a minute, remembering what we'd seen in the video. Then I remembered Carla giving Lee an order and his response, "Yes Mistress."
Clarice gave me a "That's better look," as she walked to the toilet, sat down and started to pee. When she finished, she said, "Clean me."
I said, "Yes Mistress," and started to reach for some toilet paper when Clarice said, "Not like that."
She stood and lifted one foot onto the toilet seat, indicating I should kneel. I realized she wanted me to lick her clean, and I hesitated for a second. Then I realized that I had gone down on her after she'd been to the bathroom before and had tasted traces of her piss, so I figured this wasn't much different.
I took a tentative swipe over her pussy with my tongue. As I expected, it tasted salty and tangy, but not really unpleasant, so I began licking her more enthusiastically. When I moved from licking her slit to licking her clit, she swatted my ass with the crop that she was still carrying and said, "I didn't give you permission to pleasure me slave."
She turned and leaned slightly forward, pulling my face to her ass as she said, "Make sure nothing dripped down there."
I tongued her ass for several minutes as she directed me where to lick. She smelled a little strong, but it was mostly a more concentrated version of the scent that I love.
As Clarice returned to bed, she gave me a big breakfast order and told me to deliver it in twenty minutes. I rushed to the kitchen and tried to prepare all the things she had asked for, but it took me twenty-five minutes to complete.
When I brought the tray up, Clarice said, "You're late."
"Yes, Mistress."
"Choose a paddle and then bend over with your head on the bed."
I found a padded, rectangular leather paddle, about a foot long, and handed it to Clarice. She examined it, slapping it lightly against her thigh, as I assumed the position she had directed.
"This will do. Count four strokes and don't make any other sound or I will add another."
"Yes, Mistress."
Clarice stood to one side of my hips and swung the paddle with her forearm. I felt an instant burn across one side of my ass as the paddle landed with a loud "crack." I almost cried out, but remembered not to just in time. Then I almost forgot to count. Clarice was starting to say something when I said, "One."
As soon as I said it, a second blow landed on the other side of my ass. I counted "Two," as I realized that I was breathing like I had run a race from just those two blows. I could feel my heart racing and adrenaline pumping through my body as the third blow landed.
"Three."
Instantly the final blow landed and I counted, "Four."
As I stood up, I was surprised by two things: how hard a little girl like Clarice could hit, and the tingle in my cock from being spanked.
Clarice dropped the paddle on the bed and said, "You may serve me breakfast now."
I arranged pillows so she could sit comfortably in bed, then I arranged the breakfast tray. As she started to eat, Clarice said, "You may eat my cunt for breakfast."
I slid my head under the breakfast tray as best I could and licked her to several orgasms. Each time she came, she gave me some of the food from the breakfast tray. We continued like that until we had eaten everything I'd prepared.
As I removed the breakfast tray, Clarice said, "It's time for my bath."
I said, "Yes Mistress," and went to fill the tub, adding some of the bath salts and bath oils Anita had recommended as the tub filled. When the tub was filled, I went and told Clarice it was ready.
Clarice tested the water temperature and sniffed the water before pronouncing, "This will do," and slipping into the water.
As she soaked, she said, "I want to taste your precum, slave. Produce some for me, but don't you dare cum."
"Yes, Mistress."
I stroked my cock and squeezed my balls as I stood and watched her soak. When a drop appeared at my slit, I leaned over the tub and placed my cock head at her lips. She licked up the drop, then spent a few more seconds sucking and licking my crown. We repeated this several times until I thought I wouldn't be able to keep from blowing a huge load into her mouth.
Just then, she announced that her bath was finished and she wanted to shower. She stood as I opened the drain and turned on the shower. When the water temperature was to her satisfaction, she motioned for me to step into the shower.
She stood as I soaped her body, washing her from head to toe. Then I stood behind her and shampooed her thick, soft hair. She made me lather her hair twice. I'd never washed a girl's hair before, and I was surprised at how sensuous the experience was.
Finally, she had me kneel and shave her legs and pussy. She allowed me to use my tongue to check for stray hairs, but only for a few brief moments.
I got out of the shower first. Clarice told me to use a hand towel to dry off, so I was still damp and a little cold as she stepped out. I wrapped a fluffy towel around her that was big enough for her to use it as a blanket.
When she was dry, she directed me while I dried and brushed her hair. I found that I liked the feel of her hair as I ran her brush through it, and she had a contented look like she was enjoying the pampering.
Once her hair was done to her satisfaction, she put on a pair of see through lace panties and told me she was going to read a book.
Clarice made me spend the next two hours wearing a cock ring and a butt plug while I cleaned the house from top to bottom. Clarice sat and read while I worked. As I finished each room, Clarice inspected it. If I had done a good job, I was allowed to nuzzle her pussy through her panties or to bury my tongue in her crack. Twice she made me stop what I was doing and put my cock into her cunt. She masturbated herself to an orgasm each time, then sent me back to work.
When she found a streak of grease on the stove top, she made me retrieve the paddle, then bend over and grab my ankles while she spanked me. She said, "This is the second time I've had to discipline you today. You will receive four strokes again this time. Any further infractions will be dealt with more harshly."
I had one more infraction when Clarice found water spots on the shower door. For that I received six more strokes.
When I had finished cleaning to Clarice's satisfaction, she told me to shower and shave. As I started to turn on the water, Clarice said, "I'll prepare your shower, slave."
When I stepped into the shower, I discovered that the water temperature was set on cold. I reminded me of swimming in the spring fed mountain lake where we vacationed in the summer when I was a kid. She did allow me to use warm water as I shaved my cock and ass, but the final rinse was ice cold. I was shivering by the time I got out of the shower. Again, she allowed me only the same still damp hand towel to dry off with.
Clarice said, "When you can finish your chores without me having to make you do them over, you can have a warm shower."
As I shaved my face and brushed my teeth, Clarice came into the bathroom and handed me a pair of see-through, flesh tone bikini briefs she'd bought for me and a dog collar from Keith and Anita's collection. She said, "Wear these."
"Yes, Mistress."
I hadn't thought about going out in public when Clarice and I had agreed to take turns being each other's slaves. I was a little wary of how the rest of the day might go.