An old co-worker of mine recently moved back into town and rejoined my company. She had moved away to Chicago due to personal circumstances. We had kept in touch while she was gone. I was happy to see her back for a couple of reasons. She had a great personality, always fun and uplifting. She was very energetic and motivated others around her to be better. Her parents moved to the states and brought their values with them. They raised their daughter to be polite and respectful, especially to her male elders. The males ruled the roost in their culture.
And she was cute as hell. Her long, dark curly hair wrapped around a thin, smiling face. Her brown eyes always seemed to sparkle with joy. She had an athletic body covered in caramel-colored skin.
I was easily twice her age. But, from day one, when she joined our company fresh out of college, we hit it off. And we discovered we had at least one passion in common: amusement parks and rollercoasters.
Shortly after she came back, we made plans to head down to Texas and hit the parks. She hadn't been to a park since she left, and my wife and son had no interest whatsoever. When I told them we were going, I had to fib. I told them a group from work was going. My wife would've barred me from going if she knew it was Bushra and I going. I would've understood, even though it was totally innocent. But I fibbed just to be safe.
Bushra and I arrived at the park when it opened, along with 20,000 of our closest friends. For anyone who's never been to Texas in the middle of July, between the searing heat and extreme humidity, it's something akin to being on the sun. Couple that with walking on black asphalt and a crowded park and you're in a sauna.
Knowing what the weather was going to be like, we both wore as little clothing as possible. Bushra wore a skin-hugging white tank top and a pair of short, frayed blue jean shorts. Her long, dark legs fell into a pair of Converse sneakers. I wore a gray tshirt with my college logo emblazoned across the chest and a matching pair of basketball shorts.
We stayed until the park closed. We watched the fireworks marking the end of the night and left the park with the masses.
We had snacked on expensive park treats all day, but hadn't sat down for an actual meal all day. As we headed north on I-35 and were leaving the hamlet of Sanger, Texas, I turned to Bushra.
"Hey, there's a big casino not too far ahead. They've got a bunch of great restaurants inside. How would you like to do that, sit down and have a good meal before we get home?"
"Oh yes! I would like that very much!" she said in her Americanized Indian accent.
"Are casinos against your religion or anything? As long as we're there I might throw a couple bucks at the one-armed bandits."
"'One-armed bandits'? Are there handicapped thieves inside this casino?"
"Ha! I don't know about handicapped, but... No, there aren't any thieves in the casino, per se. They call them that because the old slot machines had a lever on the side of them and...well, I'll explain it when we get in there. But it's totally safe."
"Oh! Well, in that case, yes! That sounds fun!" She began to tug at her shirt. "Oh my goodness! It was so hot today! My bra is soaked with sweat!"
I chuckled. 'Yeah it was hot!"
"Would you mind terribly if I took off my bra?"
That was unexpected. "Uh...well...yeah, sure. I don't mind."
In a flash, she had worked that female magic. The straps slid down her arms, she reached under her shirt, and out came the lacy undergarment. She tossed it onto the dashboard and fell back into the seat. "Oh my goodness! That feels so much better!"
"Hey, feel free to take off as much clothing as you want," I said sarcastically.
She turned her head and studied me. Her lips curled into a mischievous smile. "You would like that very much, would you not?"
I shrugged my shoulders. "Yeah. Sure. Why not?" I said playfully.
She smiled. "You are such a naughty one." She paused. "Okay. Fine."
My head spun between the road and the sight of her pulling her shorts down her long, toned legs. She looked at me with a grin and tossed the shorts onto the dashboard. She paused. She grabbed the hem of her shirt. In a flash, her long hair was falling out of it as it flew over her head. It joined the growing pile of clothes on my dash.
She massaged her perky breasts and tugged on her pointed nipples. "Mmmmmm, that is better. Are you sure you do not mind?" she asked with twinkling eyes.
'Uh, yeah, no. Uh, yeah, that's, uh, fine."
"Oh my, my panties are soaked as well." The flimsy white material slid down her legs. She held it up by her finger tips. "She how wet they are?"
I could smell her scent. "Oh yeah. Yup. They're...they're definitely, uh, soaked."
The soiled garment joined the rest of her clothing. "Mmmmmm, that is so much better. Would you like to remove your shirt as well?"
"Well, I, uh..." before I could finish she was tugging at the bottom of the shirt and lifting it. The car swerved as I lifted one arm, then the other, and I was temporarily blinded as it was lifted over my head. "Wow, look at you!" she said when my shirt was balled in her hands. "You are in very good shape, Mark. Especially for a man of your age."
She could've left that last part off. "Gee, thanks."
"Does that not feel better? Would you like for me to remove more of your clothing?"
"Oh geez, Bushra. I dunno."
"No, I insist!" Next thing I knew har hands had a firm grip on the waistband of my shorts and underwear. "Oh my goodness!" she gasped when my raging boner jumped out and slapped against the steering wheel. "It is so big!" I grunted when her tiny hand wrapped around the thick shaft. "And so hard!" Her hand began to slowly slide along the rod. She looked into my twisted face with a crooked smile. "Did this happen because of me, Mark?"
"Well...yeah! Jesus, Bushra. I mean..."
"Do you find my naked body pretty?"
"I find your dressed body pretty. I think your naked body is sexy as fuck!"
She giggled. "Is that so? Why have you not said anything sooner?"
I was having trouble concentrating while I tried to drive with my cock in her hand. "Well, you know, I'm married...you were married..."
"Yes, but that should not bar us from enjoying each other's bodies if it is mutual, correct?" She paused. "Would you like for me to orally please you?"
"You mean, give me a blow job?"
She nodded while she continued to stroke. "Yes."
"No, I want to hear you say it."
"Oh! Yes. Um, would you like for me to, um, give you a, uh, blow job?"
I smiled and nodded. "I would like that very much."
She giggled. "I thought you might." She put her knees on her seat and leaned her body over the center console. Anyone we passed would've gotten a perfect view of her perfect ass. "Your penis is so big! I do not know if it will fit in my mouth."
"You mean, my cock?"
"Yes."
"No. Say it. I want you to say it."
"Oh! Yes, of course. Your...yourcockis so big I do not know if it will fit in my mouth."
"It'll fit. I'll bet you can even deepthroat it." That was a lie. Only two women had ever been able to swallow the whole thing.
"'Deep throat'? What is this?"
"Deepthroat. Swallow the whole thing. Take it down your throat."
She gasped at the thought. "Oh my goodness! I do not think that is possible!"
"Sure it is. Why don't you at least try?"
"Will this deep throat please you?"
I nodded. "Oh yeah. Very much so."
"Then I will try." She opened her mouth wide.
"Guh!" The car skittered between the lines when my head slipped through her lips. Her mouth was delightfully hot and wet. She immediately began to suck hard. I slammed against the back of her mouth with each plunge into her face.
"Damn, Bushra! This isn't the first cock you've sucked, is it?"
Her head shook. "MmmmmMmmm!"
"I'll bet you love to suck fat cocks, don't you?"
Her head nodded. "MmmmmHmmmm!"
I glanced to the right. While trying to keep the car between the lines with one hand, I slid my hand down her back. She lightly moaned when I kept between the lines of her swaying ass and across her puckered hole, then louder when I slid the length of her slick, swollen slit.
"Mmmm!" she yelped when I pierced her velvety folds with a beefy finger, quickly followed by a second. The flicks of my wrist matched the pace of her head bobs. It wasn't long before she pulled her head out of my lap. "Oh...oh my goodness. That...that...that feels so good!" she commented without looking up.
"You like me fucking your sloppy little pussy with my fingers, huh?"
"Yes! Yes...yes I do."
"Tell me. Tell me how you don't want me to stop."
"Oh my goodness! Please do not stop!"
"Please don't stop...what?"
"Oh! Mmmmm...oh my goodness...please...please do not stop...do not stop, mmmmmm, stop fucking my, uh, my sloppy little, mmmmm, sloppy little pussy! Oh!" she squealed when I stabbed her hard. "I...I'mmmmm afraid I cannot d...deep throat you, Mark. Your...your penis is too big," she said apologetically.
"My what's too big?"
"Oh! Yes. Your...your cock is too large."
"Try relaxing your throat muscles. You're trying too hard."
She nodded her head. "Yes. Yes, I will try that." She went back to work.
Almost immediately I felt a change in her body language. Even though I was pumping at her slit and her mouth was full of man meat, I could feel it relax.Damn! She really wants to do this!Her grip tightened on my shaft. Her dives became slower and more deliberate. She fought to control her gag reflex.
Then it happened. Her face landed in my lap. Then again. And again.
The pressure on the gas peddle fluctuated. "Oh fuck!"
Her head shot up. "I did it! It did it! I deep throated you!"
"Yeah you did! Don't stop!"
"Yes! Of course!"
"Guh!" I grunted when she swallowed me again.
The further we drove, the harder my muscle throbbed. She had a rhythm down that was driving me crazy. She must've sensed I was about to blow. Her dives slowed. Her suction grew. As we pulled off the highway onto the off ramp for the casino, I yanked my fingers from her snatch, placed my hand on the back of her head, and forced her down.
"Oh fuck gah! Grrrrrr cumming! Cumming! Gggguuuuhhhhhh!" The thick spunk shot straight down her gullet. She gurgled and gagged while I held her in place and skull fucked her. "Fuck yeah! Take it all! Swallow it all! Fuck!" I grabbed her long, dark hair and pulled her up, then forced her down. Her nose smacked against my thigh each time. Eventually, I felt like I had finished dumping my load into her face. She gasped for air when I pulled her off my nob. "Holy fuck," I groaned. "You're a good little cocksucker there, Bushra."
She straightened and fell back into her seat. "Oh my goodness! That was very intense! I did a good job then? You were pleased?"
"You did better than good. You were great!"
"Oh good! That makes me happy to know that I have pleased you so well. My goodness! I am very aroused now!" As we pulled into the casino parking lot, she lifted her legs and placed her feet on the dashboard. "Oh!" she squealed at the first touch of her hand to her aching slit. She began to rub at it feverishly while she mauled her perky breasts. "Mmmmmm, yes...ohhhhh yes...mmmmmmm..." she hummed.
She appeared to be completely oblivious to the fact I had pulled into a parking spot. "Okay, we're here. We're at the casino."
Her eyes were closed. "Yes. Yes. I...I am aware. I...I am so very close. Mmmmmm...very...close...May I...may I finish, please? Please let me...finish...mmmmm..."
"Let me help you out there." In a flash, I was leaned over the console. She squealed when I took an erect nipple between my lips.
Her back arched when I buried two fingers in her spasming snatch. "Ohmagawd!" she howled. She swatted at her raised bean while I pumped at gash and devoured her bumps. "Yes! Yes! Oh my goodness, yes! That...that is it! Yes! Yes! Yaaaaasssssss!" she howled as her lithe body lifted off the leather seat in ecstasy. Her hips rocked into my palm and her head turned side-to-side, her eyes closed the entire time.
She finally settled back into the seat. She grabbed my still thrusting wrist and pushed against it. "Stop. Stop. Stop!" she giggled until I withdrew.
My fingers glistened in the dim lights of the parking lot. I lifted them and touched them to her lips. She initially drew back. Her eyes glanced at me and I touched them to her lips again. She hesitated before taking them into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around them as she sucked her juices from them. Her lips smacked when I pulled them out.
I sat back in my seat and smiled. "Look at you, innocent little girl gettin' her slut on." Even in the dim light I could see her blush as she giggled. "Please don't take this the wrong way, but you've surprised me. I mean, I didn't think, you know, your, uh, culture...I thought things like this would be frowned upon."
"Oh yes! You are not mistaken. Especially with a married man. Oh my goodness! I shudder to think what would become of me if this had been done in India! But, as you know, my parents moved here partly because of such repression. My mother did not want my sister and I to grow up in such a society. She encouraged us to be in touch with our feelings, sexual or otherwise. She encouraged us to be aware of our bodies. In India, women are forced to cover their bodies and repress their feelings. They do as they are told by males and, if they do not, are punished. That is not what she wanted for us." She paused and giggled again. "My father, on the other hand..."
"Well, get your slutty little self dressed. We'll go inside and grab a bite to eat."
"Yes! That would be wonderful." She pulled her shorts up her silky legs. "Your stuff was very thick and salty. I could really use something to drink," she said as she pulled her top over her head.
"My 'stuff'? You mean my cum?"
"Yes, that."
"No, say it."
"Oh! Yes, of course. Your, uh, yourcumwas very thick and salty." She paused. "Do you mind if I leave my under garments here? They are still quite damp."
I shrugged my shoulders. "Fine by me."
*****
Bushra's head was on a swivel as we walked through the casino, taking in all of the flashing lights, smell of smoke, and dinging of the machines. We were quickly seated in a booth at the Mexican restaurant inside of the casino. The shapely waitress took our drink orders and promised to return shortly.
"This cool air feels wonderful, does it not?" she asked. The air conditioning had her nipples looking like to bullets trying to shoot through the thin material of her top.
"Yeah it does!"
"The casino is fascinating! So many sights and sounds! Will we be spending more time in it?"
"Yeah, if you don't mind. I'll go through a couple dollars in the slots and see what happens."
"Wonderful! May I also?"
"Sure, why not?"
She clapped her hands together. "Oh, yay! This will be fun!"
The waitress was true to her word. She arrived with our drinks, took our orders, and headed off. When I turned back to Bushra, she was looking at me with dreamy eyes.
She took a sip of her drink. "You know, I am still quite aroused," she cooed.
"Is that so?"
"Oh yes. I cannot get the image of your huge penis out of my head."
One corner of my mouth curled up. "My what?"
"Oh! Yes. Yourcock. I cannot get the image of your hugecockout of my head. It makes me very aroused."
"Yeah, well, I can't get the thought of it buried in your throat out my head."
"Oh, I am glad to hear that you enjoyed your deep throat. I will have to remember that." She stared across the table at me. "Are you not aroused right now?" The truth was I'd never lost my hard on. I grunted when her foot landed in my lap. A broad smile crossed her face as she massaged the bulge under her foot. "It feels as if you are aroused."
"Uh, yeah, just a little."
"It feels as if it is more than a little."
"You know what? What do you stay the night here and fuck like rabbits all night?"
"Really? What of your wife? What will you tell her?"
"I'll tell her a bunch of us were exhausted and decided to spend the night down there instead of driving home."
"I would like that very much!"
I pulled my phone from my pocket and pushed the breasts icon that represented her instant dial. "Hi, honey. Sorry to call so late. No no, everything's fine. Listen, a bunch of us are fucking exhausted. Rather than risk it, we're just gonna stay down here overnight and come home tomorrow. You cool with that? Yeah, that's what we thought, too. Cool, thanks. Huh? Oh no, it was a blast! Hot as fuck and crowded, but we had a good time. Oh, yeah." Bushra's face turned devilish as my wife asked me about the day. My eyebrows furrowed when she started to slide down her seat until she was under the table. Then they shot up my forehead. "What the..." I muttered when I saw Bushra's hands in my lap starting to slide the waistband of my shorts forward. "Huh? Oh...yeah. I, uh, I just saw somebody in the, uh, street. Man, people are crazy these days!" My jaw clenched when her warm hand wrapped around my exposed pole. "Guh!' I grunted when I slipped between her lips. "Oh, uh, nothing. I, uh, I stubbed my toe on the, uh, you know, curb walking into the hotel. Didn't notice it because, mmmmmm, uh, you know, because I'm...I'm...fuck! On the phone with you. I, uh, must've stubbed it, mmmmm, really, really good. Yeah, I...I should probably, mmmmmm, go. Uh huh. Yeah, love you, too. See ya...see ya to...to...to-m-m-m-morow." I hung up and looked under the table to see the back of Bushra's head. "What the fuck?" I whispered. She ignored my question and continued on.
The waitress soon returned with two plates of steaming food. "Your friend out playing some slots?"
"Ha! Yeah. She...she couldn't wait to, you know, pull on those levers."
"Yeah, some people are like that. I hope she comes back soon. I'd hate for her food to get cold!"
"Ha! Yeah. I know, right? I'm sure she...she...she'll be, uh, right...right back."
Shortly after the waitress left, I fell out of Bushra's mouth. "Is it safe for me to come up?" she whispered.
"Yeah, all clear."
She reappeared and wiped the corner of her grinning lips.
"What the fuck?" I asked as I tucked myself back into my shorts.
She giggled. "Did you not enjoy that?"
"Well...I didn't say that. It's just...what the fuck?"
"As I told you, I could not get the image of your huge...cock...out of my head." She picked up her fork and ran it across her beans and rice. "This looks delicious." She looked up at me. "Almost as delicious as your cock."
This is gonna be a long fuckin' nightI thought to myself.
*****
She insisted on holding my hand as we strolled through the massive casino. All the while, I hoped the bulge in my loose-fitting shorts wasn't obvious. More than one man's head turned to watch Bushra come and go as we walked past.
We finally found a row of slot machines that looked inviting. I showed her the lever on the side and explained to her why they called them "one armed bandits", which she thought was funny. I sat at one machine while she played the one next to me. One her third spin, her machine dinged and whistled. She'd won over $300 on a $4 spin.
She almost came unglued. She started tugging on my shirt. "Oh my goodness! Does that mean I won? Did I just win that much?!"
"You sure did! Way to go!"
"Oh my goodness! I can't believe it!"
"If I were you, I'd cash that sucker out and call it a night."
"Yes! Yes! I believe I shall do that." She pressed the "cash out" button, pulled out the slip of paper, pushed her chair against mine, and fell into me, wrapping her arms around mine as I played. It wasn't long before she had slyly slipped her hand under my waistband and had my python back in her hand while she watched me play. "I cannot wait to have your manly...cock...inside of me," she whispered in my ear.
"Fuck this bullshit. I've made my donation." I pressed the "cash out" button. "Let's get outta here and go up to the room while I've still got money in my pocket," I said as the slip of paper spit out of the clanging machine.
"Yes!"
*****
The elevator doors had no sooner closed before she was on her knees and had my mast out swinging in the breeze. With one gulp she took me straight down her throat.
My body stiffened when my balls slapped off her chin. "Oh motherfuck!"
The elevator zipped up the 14 floors all too quickly. When it came to a stop, Bushra jumped to her feet and I tucked back in. The doors slid open just in time for the older couple waiting to board see Bushra wipe the spittle from the corners of her mouth.
We exited onto the landing and turned to the hallway. We stopped and Bushra staired at the sign on the wall indicating which rooms were in what direction.
"What is our room number?"
"1423."
She grabbed my hand and we raced down the hallway.
The door hadn't even closed behind us yet when our lips locked and what little clothing we were wearing was sailing across the room. Our naked bodies fell onto the bed, mine on top of hers. As if we had choreographed it, I threw her legs over my shoulders, grabbed my weapon, and touched it to her swollen lips. Her head buried into the pillowtop mattress when I threw my hips forward and cut through her like a hot knife through butter.
"Oh my God!" she howled.
My hips rested on her ass. "Jesus Christ you've got a tight little cunt, Bushra!"
"You're too big! You're going to split me in half!"
"And you're going to love it," I growled.
"Oh! Oh my God!" she screeched again when I pulled back and launched again.
"You love it, don't you? You love a nice, fat cock stuffed in your tight little cunt, don't you?"
"Oh...oh my God!"
"Come on, slut, say it! Or we can stop right now if you want."
"No! No, please continue! Do not stop!"
"Don't stop what?" I pulled back and fell forward again.
"Oh my God!" She caught her breath. "Do not...do not stop making love to me!"
"Making love? Ha! Ain't no 'making love' happenin' here tonight! I'm gonna fuck you senseless tonight! I'm gonna ruin this pussy for every other man!"
"Yes! Yes!"
"Yes what?"
"Ruin...ruin my...pussy!"
"Ruin you pussy with what?"
"Ruin...ruin my...pussy...with your big, fat...cock! Oh my God!" she screeched again.
"Come on, slut. Tell me you want me to fuck you all night long," I hissed.
"Yes! Yes! I...I want you to...fuck...fuck me all night long with your...your big, fat cock!"
"With pleasure."
"Oh...my...God!" she cried out in rhythm to my pumps. "Oh...my...God! Yes! Yes! Fuck...me...with...your...big...fat...cock! It...feels...so...good!"
I pummeled her for what seemed like hours before I suddenly pulled back and onto my feet. Bushra looked up at me with disappointment across her face, her dark hair matted to it.
"What? We...were are not done yet, are we?"
"Far from it. Come here." I grabbed her arm and yanked her off the bed, spinning her around just as her feet touched the worn carpet. I pushed on her shoulders. "Come on, bend over."
She reached her arms out and caught herself before she face-planted on the bed. "What...what are you doing?"
I stepped between her legs, forcing them to spread. "What do you think I'm doing?"
She sighed when I touched my bulbous head to her inflamed folds. "Oh dear God!" she screeched when I sliced through her again.
"I'm not done wrecking your fucking cunt!"
"Oh my God, yes! Wreck...wreck my...my fucking cunt!"
I grabbed her hips and began to pump my own like the pistons of a finely tuned Ferrari while sweat rolled off my face onto her heart-shaped ass. She begged the heavens for forgiveness and pleaded with me not to stop. I reminded her that she wasn't going to be able to walk for a week by the time we were through and she would never want another man's cock stuffed in her slit, to which she agreed.
Her muscles began to convulse around mine. Her knees began to wobble. Her body tensed.
"You're about to cum, aren't you, you fucking slut?!"
"Yes! Yes! It is true!"
"What's true?!" She barked when I left a hand print on her caramel-colored ass.
"I...I am about to...to cum! Oh my God, please do not stop!"
"Ha ha ha!" I laughed. I reached around and flicked at her angry kernel.
Her back arched. "Oh holy God in heaven!" I flicked it again. "Oh my God!" And again. "Oh my God!" Then I pressed down. "OH MY GOD!" she screeched at the top of her lungs.
Her body felt like a thousand slot machines had just hit the jackpot. They rang and buzzed and whirred inside her trembling body. Her hands balled into fists, taking handfuls of blanket with them.
Her body was like a clamp around my prod, squeezing me tighter and tighter with each thrust. By the time her grip released me, I was ready to cut loose.
She nearly fell to her knees when I pulled back. I squeezed my hose tight.
"Come on! On your knees! On your knees! Come on, hurry!"
Without even giving it a second thought, she dropped to her knees. I gripped the top of her head as if I was trying to squeeze the juice out of a lemon and stroked my rod like a fiend inches from her questioning face. Her hands were on my hips, trying to push back, but it was no use.
My strokes stuttered. "Oh fuck gah! Grrrrrr cumming! Cumming! Gggguuuuhhhhhh!"
My grip didn't allow her head to snap back when a thick rope of white splashed across her forehead.
"Oh! (gag)(cough)" She choked on a string of white when it shot through her open mouth and down her throat.
Two more spurts landed on her chin and fell onto her heaving chest before I jammed my meat through her lips and throat fucked her again to finish the load.
When I pulled out and backed away, she ran a finger across her eye, wiping away the offending goop and slipping it between her lips.
"My goodness! I have never had a man do that to me before!"
"Did you like me painting your face?"
Another swipe across her forehead. "I am not sure. It was a very odd sensation."
"Cum is supposed to be great for your skin," I chuckled.
"Really?! Then we might have to do that again!"Anytime!She smacked her lips and stood up. "I am in need of a shower. I am all gross!"
"If this is you being gross, I'll take it."
"You are so sweet!"I just came all over her face and I'm sweet. She's going to make her future husband a very happy man!She tilted her head and smiled. "Would you like to join me?" she purred.
"Uh, as inviting as that sounds, I think I'll take a rain check."
I watched her naked ass jiggle as she walked past me and into the bathroom. The door closed behind her and soon I heard the water running. I sat on the bed and turned on the nightly news.
Twenty minutes later she came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel that barely covered her goodies. Her skin glistened. Her smile was wide. Her eyes were dreamy.
"Mmmmmm, that felt wonderful!" she moaned as she fell onto the bed next to me.
I kissed her on the forehead and lifted myself off the bed. "Okay, my turn."
Do you really think this is the end of the story? Think again!