Theatre de Amore resides solely in the realm of fantasy. Everyone in this series is a consenting adult (18+ years of age), and there's no need for concern over STDs or unwanted pregnancies. Just enjoyment of the world as created by the imagination. (Elements contained in this story include: voyeurism/exhibitionism, MF/CFNM sex, group sex, oral sex).
Theatre de Amore, Ch. 1: Opening Night
"Have you double checked the set up in the fourth-floor suites?" Billy asked, for what seemed like the hundredth time that day as I set a cup of hot chamomile tea on his desk.
"Yes, Billy. I've tripled checked them." I ran an affectionate hand over his hair, before settling my fingers on the back of his neck. Rubbing gently, I tried to work some of the tension knots loose. "I've double and tripled checkallthe items. Everything, and everyone, is ready to go."
"Oh, Selena," he sighed, his flair for the dramatic coming to the foreground, "what if we are a flop? What if no one shows up, and the entire opening weekend is a disaster?"
"That's not going to happen," I said firmly. I worked my fingers into his shoulders, massaging, offering reassurance via touch, while he fidgeted with a pencil. "Your VIP guests have all either sent in an RSVP, or booked a future date. That alone has ensured your success before we've even opened the doors."
"Our success," he said. He reached up and found my left hand, squeezing it gently. He lifted it to his lips and pressed his mouth to my palm. "My muse." He kissed each of my fingertips. "My beautiful Selena." His thumb slowly stroked the back of my hand. "Let me see you."
He turned his chair, tugging my hand gently until I stood before him. I stood still, waiting patiently for his next move. I hoped his thoughts might be moving away from the many anxieties surrounding opening night at the Club, and toward more intimate pursuits.
Billy was a charmer. A man with a charismatic personality, good looks, and a passion for the creative arts. He was almost comically vain, but in him, it was an endearing trait rather than being obnoxious. He was also a fussy dresser, and his hair was dyed to avoid showing any gray. Billy was over twenty years my senior, and at forty-five, maintained a good physique through a combination of working out, burning a lot of nervous energy, and an active sex life. Sometimes that sex life was with me, and sometimes with other partners.
"My muse," he repeated warmly, pulling me onto his lap. I leaned into him, and our lips met for a passionate kiss. "How long has it been for us, Selena?"
"Two months or so," I answered. "We've been busy getting the Club ready." Billy and I weren't always steady lovers, but we remained the best of friends for the past few years. He'd been a guest speaker at my university when we met. He'd been giving a talk on the success of his theatre company, which he had since disbanded in pursuit of other activities. Fortunately for Billy, he had the kind of serious money that allowed him to flit from interest to interest as he wished.
It was Billy who convinced me to come and work in his new venture, Theatre de Amore, a "luxury club for the sexually adventurous," as he liked to call it. Until I'd met Billy, I hadn't been sexually adventurous at all. I was quite different now from the naïve student I had been at age twenty-one, but there was more waiting for me to explore. Now, I was one of his primary managers in this new business, as well as one of his favored actresses in the theatre division. I even lived on-site, in my own large suite on the fifth floor, the floor reserved solely for staff.
I let thoughts of the Club fade and lost myself in the feel of Billy's lips, reveling in the hard feel of his mouth against mine. Just as I was thinking of making an offer to disrobe, he pulled back from me. I could see by the glint in his eye that he had similar thoughts. Then he shook his head minutely.
"I can't. Not now, my dear. I can't concentrate at all, and you are a woman who deserves my full attention. Please, my darling girl, please go and check it all once more? For me and my peace of mind."
"All right," I said with a laugh, but felt somewhat disappointed. I understood his feelings, though, because I understood him. He truly was impossible when he was fretting over something, whether it was a new financial investment, or his first upcoming production that we would be putting on Saturday evening. Billy would be a distracted mess until the end of the Club's grand opening.
After our grand two night opening this Friday and Saturday, we would then keep the Club open Thursday night through Sunday mid-day, and by special appointment booking. The theatre shows would mainly occur on Saturday nights, except for special occasions.
"Promise me that you'll stay on the floor and watch over things most of the night? I'm sorry to ask but I need you there to put out fires. No matter how thoroughly one prepares, something always goes wrong on opening night!"
"I promise," I said, reassuring him once more. Staying on the floor meant that I would be supervising the staff and working out any issues for the guests. I wouldn't be free to indulge in any of the offerings of our Club until things had been running smoothly for a few hours at least.
"And promise that you won't come down to the public floor, even to peek? You'll let Marley and Tom take care of the public areas."
Billy had designated the first floor as a public floor. Non-members could pay a door charge to come indulge in the more basic entertainments that would be available there. The second through fourth floors were for members and their personal guests, and were more exclusive. The theater was on the third floor, while members could utilize suites on the fourth floor. The fifth floor was staff only.
"You will be the face of the exclusive services of the property," Billy had told me during the planning stages. "There will be plenty of others to mingle with the general public, Selena. It isyousetting the tone on the upper floors. You cannot be seen mingling with the hoi polloi."
"You can be such a snob," I'd answered, laughing. Billy knew very well I came from a background that would barely qualify as working class, but it was typical of him to make such a comment. He never let me get away with thinking I was ordinary, or that I should do ordinary things.
"My lovely muse," he whispered, giving me a light kiss before lifting me from his lap. "I regret my mind won't let me focus on our mutual pleasure instead of that of our guests tonight. I'll make it up to you another time." He swatted me very lightly on the rump. "Now go, so I can drink my tea and pop a Xanax."
I laughed as I left the basement office to start my fourth tour of the club that day.
* * * * * * * * *
I wasn't the only staff member who lived on-site. The fifth floor was devoted to employees, some of whom had permanent rooms there. There was a large common room, plus a shared kitchen and dining area that was shared at one end of our floor. At the other end, we had a small gym, sauna, locker room, and bathroom facilities. There was a room we used for music and dancing, and another space for computers and hobbies. Billy thought that, since not all of the staff had homes and a family, the Club would provide that atmosphere for them. Still, anyone who worked for us could make use of the common areas upstairs, or occasionally stay in one of the smaller unoccupied rooms or the eight-bed dorm room, as needed. People could use those rooms when they worked overnight or the weekend in order to avoid the drive back into the city.
Living upstairs meant a slightly smaller paycheck, but it was nowhere near the cost of paying rent elsewhere. Our Club, a large converted warehouse, lay on the outskirts of the city, just far enough out to offer privacy to those who visited, but close enough to attract visitors. Staff who stayed on-site could choose to work other jobs in the city during the week. Some helped out with maintenance and other part-time work in the Club. We even had what we called 'volunteer staff', people who would help out for a couple of hours with various duties on the floor, before then spending the rest of the evening indulging themselves in various aspects of the Club.
The fifth floor was in a flurry of activity, with staff members buzzing around as they prepared for the grand opening that evening. Almost every room's door stood open, as people milled around visiting each other, modeling their various chosen outfits for the evening, and fussing with hair and makeup. A few staff members were in the gym having a last-minute workout. There was a mix of people attempting to relax a bit in the sauna, and others were in the changing rooms or the showers. I spoke briefly to everyone I encountered, giving advice where asked, encouragement where needed, and relishing the general air of excitement that was being generated.
"Selena! Get in here," Jenny shouted at me as I passed her open doorway. I stepped into her room. She was sitting on her bed, painting her toenails pink. "Bitch, I hope that's not what you're wearing tonight!" She laughed, rolling her eyes at the sight of my gray sweats and oversized t-shirt. The only thing she seemed to be wearing was the red silk Club robe that each of us had in our wardrobes. Jenny's pretty face was bright with excitement, her high spirits echoing those of the other fifth-floor occupants. Her short blonde hair was damp from the shower, her legs freshly shaven. She gave off the light scent jasmine from her scented lotion.
"I just have to check that everything is ready, then I'll get changed. Don't get carried away and forget you're my backup until midnight, you hussy." I smiled and sat on the edge of her bed.
"Billy must be having one of his neurotic fits again." She grinned. "Why don't you let me paint your nails?"
"Maybe tomorrow afternoon." I looked at her toes. "But nothing too bright. I have the theatre tomorrow night." Jenny stuck out her tongue. "I have to do my checks. Keep an eye on the kids for me." Even though several of the staff members were older than me, I was the den mother of the group and Jenny was their big sister.
"Yeah, go count all the towels in the suites. Again. You and Billy need to relax." She set her polish on the nightstand, then flopped back onto the bed, spreading her arms wide. It had the effect of causing her robe to gape open, revealing one of her large breasts along with an expanse of her toned stomach. The corner of her robe managed to delicately drape itself between her legs, keeping her vagina covered. "I could help you relax, Selena," she purred at me, winking. I knew she was still at the 'just teasing' stage; her nipples hadn't hardened yet.
"Save it for the guests," I said, rising from her bed with a smile. It wouldn't be the first time Jenny had made the offer. She periodically offered to seduce me, claiming she knew that I'd enjoy women as much as I do men. She might have been right, but I hadn't figured everything out just yet. The Club would provide me with the perfect environment to expand my sexual horizons.
"You and me, Selena. One day." She blew me a kiss, which I pretended to catch, as I backed out of her open door. "Change those sweats, girl," she yelled after me, laughing.
The fourth-floor suites were fine. For the most part, the fourth floor was comprised of twenty regular suites. They were simple bedrooms, each equipped with a king-sized bed, and a small half-bath en suite. Each bedroom also contained a small refrigerator, a solid table, two chairs, and a small closet. The beds were made, the Club members' blue robes were hung on hooks, and plenty of towels and an extra set of bedsheets were on hand. The refrigerator was stocked with bottled water and sports drinks. A bottle of wine waited on the table.
There were some smaller bedrooms available without a bathroom and the small extras. A sauna, locker room, showers, and toilets were at the far end of the hall just like the fifth floor. There was a small communal kitchen and vending area nearby. On one side of the hallway, before reaching the sauna and lockers, was a seating area for socializing rather than more bedrooms. Comfortable couches, chairs, and coffee tables were set up in small clusters. There was a set of bookshelves against one of the walls, and several computers set up on the opposite side of the room. Music played quietly in the background. The opposite side of the hallway included a similar set up, but you had to enter through a glass door. This area included a large screen TV on two walls, which could be operated separately or in tandem.
I'd enjoyed helping Billy work with his architect and builder on the set up of the various floors. It had been a fun and exciting project from start to finish, and now it had culminated into this, our opening night. I looked forward to the reaction of the members, various visitors, and the eager staff. Everything had been arranged to achieve both luxury and practicality. Cleanup, as Billy liked to say, could be a bitch.
Tomorrow, I suspected, Billy would turn his neurotic energy into making sure our Theatre on the third floor was perfect for our debut Saturday night. I smiled and took the elevator to the second floor to begin my final inspection before the doors opened tonight.
* * * * * * * * *
I walked slowly down the second floor's main hallway, approaching the quieter end of the building. There was a small pub ahead of me, a welcome sight after I'd spent half an hour roaming the noisier bar and dance floor at the opposite end. I smiled slightly at the sight of Paris coming out of the pub on the arm of one of the members. It was close to midnight, and I'd left Jenny patrolling the fourth floor while I checked everything on the second floor.
"I've got my 12:01 fuck picked out, Selena," Jenny had said with a smirk, looking over one of the men sitting in the lounge area. He was looking at her with matching naked interest in his eyes. "I hope Pixie is done playing woodland fairy, or what-the-fuck-ever it is she does. I saw her leading a couple off to her little playground about an hour ago. She better be ready to take over her shift." Jenny smiled coyly at the man on the sofa. "I'm horny and wet as hell, girl. I kinda didn't account for how hot it was going to be having to look but not touch while working a shift." She laughed, turning her face up to me as she set her head against my shoulder. Her heels were taller than mine, but she was still shorter than me. "Do something for me," she whispered.
I raised an amused eyebrow.
"Give me a kiss." She grinned and licked her bottom lip. "Just to get things going."
"No tongue," I answered quietly, and let her pull my head down so she could press her lips to mine. Her hand caressed the back of my neck as she nibbled my lips. I savored it for a moment, enjoying Jenny's hard mouth on mine. She was right about how difficult it was to walk the floors, taking care of small problems, stopping to visit with the patrons, able to see others at their sex play while being unable to indulge.
Jenny released me and gave me a sultry smile.
"Are you sure you don't want to join us?" she teased, and we both glanced toward the man she had picked out for herself. He had slipped his hand inside his robe, and from the movement of his exposed arm, appeared to be stroking himself. I felt my nipples hardening for what must have been the hundredth time that night.
"I've got a couple of more hours to go, I think." I sighed internally. Possibly I needed to rotate the staff every couple of hours rather than every four. Then again, the prolonged state of arousal was in itself nearly as satisfying as indulging in sexual whims.
"Ah well," Jenny said lightly. She licked her lips as she watched her target.
"Only about fifteen more minutes to go," I said, and tore my eyes away from the man.
"Thanks for the kiss, you hot bitch. Looks like it was just the ticket." She slapped me lightly on the ass as I turned to return downstairs. I laughed lightly over my shoulder at her, as I moved away from her high-heeled form. I wondered if she would bother to go upstairs to change out of her slinky dress or just shed it where she stood when the clock struck midnight.
Stepping inside the dimly-lit pub, I paused to take a good look around.
Jared nodded at me from behind the bar, then gave a subtle tip of his head toward a man who sat at the end of the bar, drinking alone. I returned a small nod, and continued my examination of the pub.
At that moment, most of our visiting population seemed to be engaged in other areas of the Club but there were a few couples and small groups scattered around the room. Most of them wore only their robes, though a few wore even less. I smiled at the patrons who made eye contact, allowing my eyes to linger on each person long enough for them to know I'd noticed them.
I made a slow circuit of the room, speaking briefly with those whose attention wasn't otherwise engaged. I politely excused myself from an invitation to join two men who sat drinking together at one of the tables. They were watching two other men make out with a woman they had sandwiched between them in a booth. I recognized one of the men and the woman, recalling Billy's file on their likes and dislikes.
As I passed the booth, the man paused with his hand on the woman's exposed breast and requested I check the availability of short-term rooms. After tapping an app on my smartphone, I set a room lock to open to his keycard, and indicated their audience at the other table. The man grinned at me, then whispered to the woman with him. Her eyes opened and sought the gaze of the pair of men at the table. She smiled carnally, and before I had even moved away from the table, she came around the fingers of the other man, who had been steadily finger-fucking her since I walked in. The men at the other table weren't even blinking now as they watched her.
The first man in the booth gave me a wicked grin. He got up and went to speak to the men at the table, all of them completely ignoring the raging hardon that tented the front of his belted robe.
Before I'd moved much further, the five of them departed to the room I'd reserved. I hoped the mister of 'Mr. and Mrs. Jones Number Eight' enjoyed the rest of their night. I was sure his partner would; she liked being used by multiple men, and he liked watching.
My circuit of the pub complete, I approached the man sitting at the bar. He hadn't even turned from his drink to observe any of the other occupants, which was unexpected. He was also wearing a suit, the only man I'd seen here tonight that remained fully clothed at this late hour. I was curious.
"Do you mind if I sit?" I asked.
The man turned his head toward the sound of my voice. He had lovely blue eyes, light brown hair touched with gray, and a mildly guarded expression. He let his eyes roam over me slowly, his expression warming a little.
"As long as you're not expecting more than company at the bar," he replied, sipping his drink.
I gestured to Jared, pointing at the drink in the man's hand. Jared selected one of the better whiskey brands and poured two fingers for me. He set it down and withdrew to the opposite end of the bar, leaving us alone.
"Isn't it a little strange to visit a sex club but make yourself unavailable?" I asked, eyes flickering to the black wristband he was wearing. A red wristband would have indicated he was available for approach. Technically, he could have already spent the earlier part of the evening engaged in activities aside from drinking at the bar, but I had a feeling he hadn't. "Unless, of course, your preference is simple voyeurism." Somehow, I didn't think that was accurate either.
"You're wearing black, too," he replied, raising one eyebrow. "Unless that dress is meant to be indicative of something?"
I was wearing a scarlet colored silk sheath dress, low cut in the front and back, the hemline coming down to mid-thigh.
"I'm working at present."
"I thought this place wasn't classified as a brothel," he said, smirking slightly in challenge. I found the remark amusing and smiled as I carefully hopped onto the bar chair beside him. It was a little challenging in such a tight dress.
"It's not. And someone has to ensure that things are running smoothly." I rested my elbow on the bar and set my chin on my hand, regarding him. "So, you're someone's guest this evening."
"My client," he answered, swirling the whiskey around in his glass.
"And your client left you to your own devices?"
"Oh, he gave me the grand tour first. He just left a little while ago with someone. London? Sydney? Something."
"Paris," I said, remembering passing her earlier as I entered the pub.
"That's it." He took a sip of his drink.
"And you're not interested in anything being offered?" I asked politely. "We have something for just about everyone."
"Oh, that's not it precisely." He smiled at me over the rim of his glass. "It's just a bit tricky managing the fact that I'm in town on business, and my employer expects me to remain professional. Indulging in sex club activities might be viewed in a bad light, regardless of who brought me, and whether it makes my dick hard or not."
"Banking, or law?" I asked, leaning toward him just a bit.
"Is it that obvious? Lawyer."
"It's the suit." I smiled.
"Hey, I loosened my tie." He took another sip.
"And I have a feeling you enjoy engaging in verbal duels." I touched the back of his hand lightly. "I have a feeling your client is going to busy for a while yet. This is a very discreet place. You should feel free to relax and try to enjoy it while you're here. If your client brought you here, he likely expects you to do more than just drink at the bar. He could have taken you anywhere in the city otherwise." I liked the warmth of his skin. I tried not to think about what it would be like to press my naked flesh against that warmth. "No offense, but you look like you could use some relaxation time. I could arrange something for you, if you like."
He grinned sardonically and finished off his drink.
"Are you offering me your company? Because it's a strong temptation." I thought his expression did show some honest regret.
The temptation to make him an offer was strong. I'd been roaming the second and fourth floors all evening, unable to indulge myself regardless of what had been offered to me. And offers had been plentiful. My pussy was so wet that my thighs had become damp and sticky. I could use the relief myself. While I was thinking, my cell phone buzzed in my hand. The Club app that Billy had paid to have developed alerted me I was needed to go greet an incoming member at the other end of the building.
I smiled rather than sighed, and slid my untouched drink in front of my new acquaintance.
"If you'd like to indulge in something a little tamer and equally relaxing, head to the spa and tell them Selena sent you for a basic."
His eyebrow went up again.
"It's harmless, I swear it," I said with a laugh. "It'll just loosen that tie the rest of the way."
I strolled away, aware that he was watching me go. I hope he enjoyed the view. I convinced myself that he did, and that made my nipples tingle with warmth. On my way to the member entrance down the hall, I sent a quick message to the spa to let them know they might have a massage client, and to take care of him.
I greeted the new arrival, then escorted him to the suite he had booked. I waited for him to change into his robe, before taking him on a quick tour of the fourth and second floors. When we re-entered the pub, my drinking buddy had disappeared. I hoped he had taken the offer to make use of the spa. The new arrival excused himself to go investigate the peep show area after grabbing a drink from the pub.
Pixie had taken over Jenny's duties on time. I sent her down to keep an eye on the second floor while I resumed checking over the fourth.
I spent around forty-five minutes on some small tasks. The towels in the locker room need replenishing, the sign of a busy evening. The lounges were occupied, with a few couples watching a porno in one. I realized abruptly they were watching the live feed from the media room on the second floor. I averted my eyes, feeling a warm flush creep up my neck. I really didn't need anymore stimulation this evening. It didn't stop the awesomeness of a hot threesome in surround sound from sending my blood rushing through my veins. I escaped the lounge, biting my bottom lip softly in an attempt to keep my breathing under control.
The small kitchen needed some tidying. I was just finishing that up when Mr. Jones Number Eight came in carrying an empty ice bucket.
"Selena!" he called out happily. "I need you to come look at something in my room."
"Is everything all right?" I asked, concerned. I took the ice bucket from him to fill.
"Sure, well, there's just something I want you to see firsthand." I hid a frown, hoping there wasn't an issue with the property or services. He took the ice bucket, and I trailed along behind him to the door of the basic room he had been assigned. "Let me set this inside," he said, using the keycard attached to the coil wristband on his arm.
As the door swung open, I could hear the sounds of pleasure pervading his room. He left me standing on the threshold as he went to set the ice bucket on the table.
At the end of the bed, the other man from the booth was lying on his back on top of a big cedar chest. The woman from the booth downstairs was on top of him, impaled on his cock. She was bent forward, one of the men from the bar driving his cock in and out of her ass. The man who had originally invited me to join him for a drink had a grip on her head, his cock between her lips as she grunted and moaned.
I was frozen in place, watching the three of them work her body in concert. Her partner returned to where I stood, eyes eagerly scanning my face.
"You see?" he asked, catching my attention. "Would you like to come in and sit down for a while?" He smiled slyly. "You look like you might enjoy it." His hand came to rest on the small of my back. The base of my spine tingled, as the warmth spreading out from where his hand rested. My leg muscles nearly turned to jelly, and the warmth spread into my belly, then lower. I shifted very slightly, my pussy responding with a fresh burst of liquid heat.
"Ahhhh, fuck," the man receiving the blowjob said loudly. He pulled out of the woman's mouth, dropping one hand to his cock, and fisting it rapidly. She raised her eyes to his.
"On my face!" she demanded. "Fuck me harder!" she told the other two men. The one driving into her from behind began to pound into her harder, the sound of their bodies slapping together filling the room. "That's it, fuck me! I want you to cum inside me, I want to...I want...ah, fuck it, I'm cumming, I'm cumming again!"
At that, the man jerking off gave a grunt and unloaded his cum onto her chin and neck. She didn't even seem to notice as she was bounced back and forth on the two cocks remaining inside her. She cried out in the throes of her orgasm, as the man she had been giving head to staggered over to the bed and collapsed back to sit on it.
"She's a lovely little cock whore," the man next to me said with affection. I dropped my eyes and saw he was stroking his own erection with his free hand. The other still rested on the small of my back.
"If I weren't working right now, I'd drop to my knees and suck that for you, Mr. Jones," I said quietly. His attention shifted to me as his partner's louder cries changed to more soft moans. "If I did, where would you want to cum?"
"On your beautiful face," he answered promptly, hand dropping to squeeze my ass. I reached over and caressed his balls, causing him gasp loudly. He sighed. "Call me Benjamin."
"All right. Are you coming to the Theatre tomorrow night, Benjamin?" He nodded.
We were momentarily distracted when the man from the table in the bar announced he was about to cum. He gave a loud, steady groan, pulling the woman's hips back as he slammed into her one final time. I could see his ass muscles flexing as he ground himself against her, no doubt his cock pulsing as he dumped a load of cum deep inside her. I could imagine the feel of it, jerking and pumping, filling my hot pussy.
"Tomorrow night, have the usher seat you in 11A. I'm going to suck you off for a whole audience, Benjamin. I'll show your friends here just how desirable your cock is, and how much I love it when you cum for me. Would you like that?" I squeezed his balls firmly before releasing him.
"God, yes," he muttered, eyes drawn to my lips. "I'll cum for you now."
"Not now," I said with regret. "Will you save your first load of the evening for me tomorrow, Benjamin?" I stepped deftly away from the hand on my back. I needed to get out of there, and seek my own release. I wasn't quite ready to give myself over to a private room with five people in it, but the temptation was strong.
"Yes," he said, his hand moving faster.
"Your companion has a couple free holes now. Maybe you should see if she's willing to let you use one." I smiled sweetly and nodded toward the woman who was now bouncing up and down on the hard shaft of the man beneath her. I had to give it to him, the man had stamina to last through all that activity without cumming yet.
"Tomorrow night," Benjamin promised me, as he hurried forward.
I shut the door with a soft click, then leaned my forehead against the cool surface and took several deep breaths, attempting to quell my surging arousal. I was in the mood to jump the first available man I saw.
Abruptly, I pulled away from the door and walked rapidly toward the elevator. I went to the second floor, searched out Pixie, and sent her upstairs. I would make one final check, then go see if I couldn't find a little Club pleasure for myself. I would send someone else to walk the floors in my place. It was late enough that most people had settled for the night, and demand for services would be low.
My acquaintance was back at the bar, nursing another drink. I made a beeline for him.
"Still in the suit, I see," I said as I came up beside him. I didn't sit down.
"Hey, the tie is completely undone now," he said, amused. He scanned my face carefully. I wondered what he saw there. Could he tell I was about to boil over with desire? That the fire I had been trying to contain had flared up and out of control when I spotted him back at the bar? Our previous encounter had been brief, but I had taken a liking to him. "I went and got the massage," he confessed. Then he grinned. "Is the happy ending always provided, or did you arrange that just for me?"
"Just for you," I said, though honestly it depended on the mood of the masseuse. She must have liked him, too. Nothing was done in the Club that wasn't fully consented to by guests and staff alike. No one was forced to provide anything they didn't want to give (unless that happened to be their kink). "Follow me."
I walked briskly toward the pub exit, not looking behind to see if he were coming with me or not.
He was.
He came up beside me just as I had finished reserving one of the few available rooms on the second floor. I took a turn down the hall and led him to the room at the end of it. I opened the door with my master keycard and indicated he should go in ahead of me.
"What are we doing?" he asked curiously. I shut the door behind me and set my phone and wrist band on a small table.
"Get undressed."
He blinked, seemingly confused by the order.
"I thought we had discussed this? My whole 'professional demeanor' thing?"
"No one is going to know if you don't tell them. Your client is still occupied. Now take off your clothes."
While wandering the floors after our initial meeting, I'd been analyzing that brief encounter \. One of the reasons that Billy wanted me at the Club was my ability to perceive the wants of others, which I enjoyed fulfilling as I explored my own, and I thought that I'd divined a particular desire of this man.
I had considered what I knew about lawyers, while patrolling the halls earlier, and decided lawyers liked to be in charge. They tended to have dominant styles, and could be aggressive, but I wondered whether that could get a little stale sometimes? Did they have to dominate every interaction, under every circumstance? Would they welcome letting someone else take charge for occasionally?
"Maybe we should introduce ourselves?" my potential fuckmate asked.
"No. Maybe later. Are you going to get undressed, or do you need help doing it?" I put just a hint of displeasure in my voice at the idea that he might need, or want, assistance. I put my hands on my hips, nearly tapping my foot with impatience.
With an amused, lopsided, and somewhat uncertain smile, he pulled the longer end of his loose tie, tossing it on the bed as it came free of his shirt collar. The suit jacket followed the tie. I watched his hands move over the buttons of his shirt, undoing them with practiced ease.
"Keep going," I said, when he paused after removing his shirt. We locked eyes. Somehow, this most mundane of activities had become the most sensual act I'd witnessed all evening. "Keep going," I repeated, my mouth suddenly going dry in a rush of anticipation.
"Did you just come talk to me because I was the only man not entertaining himself in your little playground?"
"Initially, yes," I said. "But I came back to talk to you because I wanted to."
We didn't speak again until he was down to his boxer briefs.
"Are you planning to join me?" he asked, eyes roaming over my body. "I'm happy to help you out of that dress."
"I don't need help out of my dress." A slow smile spread across my face. "But you're not naked yet."
As his thumbs dug into the waistband of the last piece of clothing separating me from my prize, I reached for the folded blanket at the foot of the bed. With a snap, I had it unfolded and floating down to form a makeshift pallet on the floor. My companion raised an eyebrow at me as he gave the last of his clothing a kick to the side.
I took a moment to savor the sight of him, letting my eyes linger on his cock. I caught my lower lip gently between my teeth and watched as his cock progressed from showing signs of arousal to swelling noticeably and twitching. My nipples contracted, growing painfully hard in response.
When I moved toward him, he took two long strides and we paused, mere inches apart.
With one hand, I cupped the back of his neck. His hands settled lightly on my hips as my other hand gripped his growing erection firmly.
"I want you," I told him bluntly, and felt the increased rush of blood to his cock, which caused it to pulse and twitch in my hand. I tipped my head just a bit; the two-inch high heels on my five-foot eight frame giving me enough height that our mouths weren't far apart. Applying pressure to the back of his neck, I brought his lips down onto my own hungry mouth.
We didn't waste any energy with gentle kisses. Our lips parted and I took the opportunity to nibble and suck on his, before finally darting my tongue between them. His hands were roaming freely over my back and ass when I released him enough for us to both come up for air.
"How the hell do you get this dress off? Did someone paint it on to you?" he asked in frustration.
"I'm not taking it off." I slid my hand down and cupped his balls, rubbing them lightly between my fingers.
"You aren't some kind of dominatrix, are you? 'Cuz I have to tell you, that's not really my thing."
"I'm not, but I am planning to use your cock to get myself off tonight. If you happen to enjoy it, great." My lips brushed against his lightly. "I need to cum," I said softly, and stroked the palm of my hand up from the base of his shaft until my fingers teased the swollen head. I traced one fingertip over a vein on the shaft, eliciting a soft groan. Our gazes met. "I want you to stretch out on your back. I'm going to straddle you and ride your cock until I get what I need."
His eyes widened slightly at my words. I ran my fingers up into his short hair. Business office cut, I thought inanely, digging my fingers lightly into his scalp. I was on fire; burning up from the inside, and not interested in foreplay at the moment. I needed him now. My restraint for the evening was at an end.
His fingers sought the hemline of my dress, but I stepped back from him.
"Floor. Now."
Without argument, he moved to settle himself on his back on the blanket I'd spread. While he did that, I unhooked a small eyelet at the hem of my dress, and found the zipper within the hidden seam. I worked it up to my hip, giving my lower body more freedom of movement than I'd had all night.
He watched me closely as I stood over him, one foot on each side of his thighs. He raised his arms, extending his hands to take my wrists. I let him help me sink to my knees, one to each side of his hips. I wasted no time in pressing my soaking wet pussy against the base of his cock.
"Fuck," he exclaimed, "you're so damn wet."
I murmured a wordless agreement, and dragged my heat along his shaft until my soft lips were caressing its head. I couldn't tell whether I was throbbing, or if it was him. Maybe it was both of us. "I want to see all of you."
"Another time," I said. "It's not going to take me long; I'm too worked up. But I need to cum, and you're going to give me what I need first." I reached between our bodies, and made a small adjustment. His cock head was now positioned at my opening, ready to be devoured by my ferociously needy pussy.
"Take it," he offered. His hands came up, and I intercepted them so that our palms touched. I interlaced my fingers with his, leaning forward and pinning him to the floor. With a torturously slow movement, I sank down onto him, letting his cock stretch and fill me until I was full seated on it.
Feeling him reach into my depths, I let out a soft moan. I let myself grind slowly on him, and his fingers tightened on the back of my hand. Breathing was hard. Keeping my eyes from rolling back in my head was hard. I sighed heavily, exhaling my pent-up need.
"So fucking wet and hot," he said.
I worked myself up and down his shaft for a few strokes, enjoying the sensation of having him inside of me. I leaned down and got lost in one more deep kiss.
Unable to continue the slow tease, I increased my pace. He reacted by pressing his back to the floor and tilting his pelvis up. It was the signal I needed from him. I began to ride him faster, careful not to bring my body up too high and risk him slipping out.
Small sighs of satisfaction escaped from my lips as I felt my orgasm already beginning to build. I threw my head back and closed my eyes, savoring the sensation of him. My body was one big nerve ending connected to one central location between my legs. I let out a shuddering breath and began to bounce harder up and down on his shaft. Every stroke down found him buried to the hilt, the small movement of his hips in time with mine causing his balls to slap against my skin as he strove to give me what I had demanded.
"Ohhhh, fuck yes," I moaned, panting. "Oh god, that's it, I'm cumming, oooohhhh!" I cried out sharply as my orgasm hit, one long wordless cry that reverberated in the small room. My longed for release swept through me in one big wave, receded, and struck again. I was grinding against my partner with abandon, our hands clenched tightly together as I rode it out.
When the storm finally passed, I was able to look down into his face and smile with deep satisfaction. I leaned down for another kiss, entranced at the light sheen of perspiration along his hairline.
"I want you to cum inside me," I said, and switched to a slow rhythm while I watched his face. I freed his hands, placing mine on his chest for leverage. He placed one hand on my hip, and cupped my ass with the other, using both to work me over his rampaging cock.
"You're getting everything you want tonight," he promised. "But first, I'm going to make you cum on my cock again." He eased the hand off my hip, his fingers dancing up my thigh until he reached my mound. He teased his fingers over my tight curls, before rubbing his thumb along my clit.
"Aaahhhh," I moaned softly.
"I'm going to cum in that beautiful pussy of yours, soon."
My rhythm quickened, and his hand was positioned perfectly to stimulate my clit as I rode him.
"You feel so good," I panted. "Just what I needed tonight, oh fuck, don't stop, yes, right there, ooohhhhhh!" I felt it coming on fast. I always did cum easily when someone toyed with my clit. "Yes, fuck, oh yes!" My pussy clenched hard as I slammed myself down, embedding his cock as deep inside as possible. "Yes! I'm cumming!" My walls squeezed the flesh inside of me, contracting and releasing.
The man beneath me grabbed my hips and ground me harder against his pubic bone, a brief shout escaping his lips as I felt his cock pulsing inside of me.
"Fuck!" he ground out, and I knew he was pumping me full of his cum. I could feel the extra slickness deep inside myself.
Heart pounding, I collapsed against his chest. His arms tightened around my waist, holding me firmly against him, his cock still buried inside of me. I lay there, with him as my pillow, until I caught my breath again.
"You are my inauguration fuck," I told him. "My first outsider cock." What a way to end opening night, I thought, thoroughly satisfied. When I said it, his cock twitched, and I smiled even though he couldn't see my face.
"And you still don't know my name, do you, Selena?" He'd obviously learned my name at some point in the evening.
"Don't tell me, not tonight." I paused. "Will you be back tomorrow?"
"No, afraid not. I'm flying back home tomorrow." His hands stroked my back idly. "But I come to town every two or three months for business."
I lifted my face and kissed him softly.
"Come for pleasure next time," I said with a small chuckle. "Call ahead and tell the scheduler I wanted to see you. Tell them you're my lawyer, and I'll know it's you." I kissed him again and eased myself off of his softening cock, then stood. I pulled the zipper at my hip, returning my dress to fully functional. "You were just what I needed. Thank you."
At the door, I turned and took one last look at my mystery lover. He was watching me with a bemused expression.
"Next time, it'll be your turn. Use the room as long as you like. If you want to wait at the bar for your client, Jared will take care of you, or he can call you a taxi." I smiled, feeling the slow slide of liquid as his cum reached my opening, ready to seep out. "I hope you'll come see me next visit to the city."
I let myself out, humming softly as I headed for the elevator to adjourn to my fifth-floor retreat for what I felt was some well-deserved rest. The night, as far as I knew, had been a success.
* * * * * * * * *