"What...kind of store is this?"
Rose Masters hugs her sister Becca's arm fearfully. What amazed them prior were automatic doors opening for them. Having been sheltered by their Father Charles aka Chuck Masters, 80% of their young life everything around them appeared new. Elevators, now auto doors. Within the store things they had never ever seen before was met with reluctant awe and curiosity.
"What's this Tony?" Becca points at something green and monstrous.
"Riding lawn mower. I've got two of those on my farm."
"And, this? It looks like a monster with big teeth."
"A rototiller. It digs up the ground for gardening."
"That?" Rose points the opposite direction.
"Wheel barrel. It's used to carry things around."
"Like us?" Rose giggled.
"Sure. Hop in I'll push." The girls scurry to climb in side by side as he lifts the wheel barrel up and rolls them down the aisle. A pair of young men stocking shelves spots the trio and laughs. In passing, both girls frontally mooned them by parting their legs and letting them see their pussies. Tony merely smirked, nodding at them in passing. In walking by he whispers, "Weren't those nice?" Hesitant nods agreed with him.
"This is fun Tony."
"Clothing department coming up." The thought of new clothes made the girls giddy with excitement. That is until they saw the selections to choose from. Prissy meet John Deere. John was far from cute.
"Everything is so...green." Becca pouted as the girls left their chauffeur driven ride. As Tony notes Becca's skirt stuck riding up over her butt cheeks he grins and leaves it even as Rose notices it giggling to herself. Tony pointed and put a finger to his lips to remain silent. Rose complied and explored the bazillion t-shirts for girls. Some had really funny sayings like "Oh, John Deere?" with a woman calling out as if saying dinner was on. Too old fashioned, yet strangely funny. It shot right over Rose's head.
A butch woman that was employed there rounded the clothing racks and immediately noticed Becca's bare bottom, as much as could be seen, yet enough to capture her interest. Worried that she might get caught looking with a bit too much interest she forced herself to move on. Tony waved at her, in response she merely asked, "Finding everything you need?"
"Not quite. I heard tell you have bib overalls in pink. That true?"
"Yes. Over there in the farthest part of the women's section. Pink everything to honor breast cancer survivors."
"Anything that might fit these rascals?"
The woman realizes there were twins and bulges her eyes, "Oh my word. Two of them."
"Identical as all get out." He smirks.
The woman with Greta on her nametag smiles sheepishly, her thoughts saying, "If only the sister's skirt was ruffled up too then I'd agree. Stop looking, they're probably underage." Of course she did notice what she presumed was a butt plug. Perhaps not. That or their Father was mighty freaky. "I can show you."
She awaits Tony to reel in the girls from exploring the ugliest array of clothing they had ever seen. A loud whistle brought them running. To his shock they presumed it was time to kneel before Master. Chuckling at Greta he shakes his head.
"Get up before your knees get dirty." It was then Becca's skirt fell down to appear normal. Greta frowned with disappointment. Still, she did her job and guided them into pink territory. Seeing the two sides of the aisle with only pink attire the girls grew more intrigued. More t-shirts drew them in as Tony follows Greta to the bib overalls. Expecting to not find their size he found himself totally wrong. Even bump caps and tool belts. Tools with pink handles. Puckering at an echo of angels in his thoughts he looks back at Greta, "Think these fit my critters?"
"They're pretty petite. The bibs might still be big on them. Have them try on a pair."
"I reckon that's the only way of being certain. Mind showing them the dressing room?"
"Not at all it's right over there." A point leads Tony's attention to a middle of the store cubicle with a drawn curtain. Hillbilly fashion deserved hillbilly interior decor. Chuckling he cleared his throat before calling the twins.
"Come here." The girls hung up their shirts and both skipped to his side, their tits bouncing without bras lured in Greta for a mouth watering stare that Tony picked up on. "This nice lady is going to take you to the dressing room. I want you to try these on."
"What...are they?" Rose winced, "I've never seen this kind of...pants? We were never allowed to wear pants Tony." Greta realized then that Tony was not their father. Taken back she grew leery yet stayed for the sake of the yummy teens. Greta was going to hell.
"They're shorts not pants." He pointed out the open legs.
"They still hide our...other pink stuff." Becca shares in her sister's hesitance.
"Act lady like in front of our assistant here."
"Sorry Ma'am." They spoke as one voice.
"Heard it all, seen most of it. These should fit but we won't know for certain until you try them on. Follow me."
"I'll be here looking for other stuff." Tony adds, "Just come on out and show me how you look."
Led by Greta they discover the curtained barrier and look at each other. As Greta opens the curtain they begin to go inside, looking over the racks they notice a cluster of four male employees watching with grins. Greta so into her own world hadn't even realized her co-workers were loitering. With encouragement Greta told the girls she would be right outside if they required anything. In they went, Greta closing the curtain 90 % of the way. Noticing a mirror next to the enclosure she used it to spy on the opened 10%. Sly Greta, sly.
Taking their dresses off as if timed perfectly the girls stood nude shivering as they looked at the bibs trying to decide how to put them on. Becca tried hers on backwards until she realized the back of the bibs was thinner than the front, her tits on both sides of the pink denim. That couldn't be right, could it? Greta thought so grinning like the Devil. Safe to say Greta was into the girls as much as the guys moving about for a better look. They saw Becca's breasts and Rose's back. Too funny at how awkward the girls were made them hide their laughter. Greta was no different. She did notice both girls were definitely wearing butt plugs, not just Becca. It gave Greta the shivers in a good way.
Rose putting her bibs on the right way still found her cleavage popping at the sides as well as the front, yet the clothing did cover more. Her only problem was the big buttons for the shoulder straps and side loops. The side loops were easy to figure out but it took a bit to realize the straps. Not too bright with technology they finally opened the curtain and revealed themselves as appropriately as possible with no shirts beneath. The loitering men were gnawing on their fists at seeing barely concealed breasts.
"Did we put them on right?" Rose asked Greta who turned to face them.
"You did. You really need shirts under those. Luckily the managers at lunch and our cameras really don't work. Let's go show your...father?"
"Our mom's boyfriend." Becca points out.
"I see." Hmmm! Greta wondered about the situation after seeing the girls drop so fast to their knees earlier. Had that big rugged guy turned his girlfriend's kids in some way? Not her business but even Greta had heart. She would observe this further in case there was a need to call for help.
"How old are you girls?" Greta walks with them.
"Eighteen. Only two weeks ago." Rose bubbled happy to be considered an adult.
"Good. Happy belated birthdays." Reaching Tony he was chuckling at a pink half t-shirt that had the cartoon character of a female woodpecker on it with a hand saw in a feathered grip. The cute saying on it read, "Construction workers do it better when they have wood in their hands." Definitely buying two.
"Here they are."
Turning at Greta's voice he eyes the girls in their slightly baggy bibs. Puckering his approval he hands them a shirt each, "Might wanna cover up those goosebumps before we get kicked out." He points at their chests. Without even thinking of their atmosphere both girls unhooked their tops letting the front and back flaps fall. Tits popping out made Greta bulge her eyes and avert her gaze.
"They should hurry." Greta was good at finding mirrors to spy in. Over their heads was a dangling ball mirror to drool at the girls. The loitering male employees were everywhere they could find to peep at them. Tony knew it and chuckled.
The girls put the shirts on and felt very sexy at the short length, their boobs lifting the cloth higher over their tummies. Tony stepped closer and hooked Becca's shoulder bib over her right shoulder, leaving the left unfastened, moving to Rose and doing the opposite in hooking the left as a counter balance among twins. It was too sexy. Greta found it stunning. So did the guys.
"Mind if the girls wear these on the way out?"
"I'll ring them up personally."
Appreciative Tony winked at Greta, then saluted each of the hiding male admirers. Busted they all ran for the hills. From there Tony added a pink bump cap to the girls heads, taking time to fit the inside brim for snugness. They looked really cute. Adding pink safety glasses made the girls snort. Greta brought in tool belts offering assistance in putting them on, Tony complimenting the belts with a claw hammer and a tape measure. The girls felt really weird but loved it all the same.
"No pink work boots I'm afraid." Greta frowned.
"Steel toes that fit is good enough. White tube socks too."
Greta led the girls away while Tony obtained their dresses over his shoulder. As Greta helped the girls try on shoes she had a lovely view of cute little pussies through their loose fitting bib shorts. The girls knew she was looking and grinned at the employees defiling stare. They had never been taught to enjoy females other than themselves, so the thrill seemed awkward at best. While busy with shoes Tony grabbed the necessary phoneline parts Kendra requested he buy then returned for the girls. He chuckled as guys kept walking by the aisle hoping for a better shot at skin. Those moments were over. Shoes and socks selected Tony eyed his watch.
"Wrap it up Ladies."
Following Greta to a paint counter, she told the old man behind the register to take his break. From there Greta took a hand held scanner and rang up the tags on everything while still on the girls bodies. She loved exploring their assets along the way. Tony merely smirked at the girls bright eyes as Greta prowled.
Paying up via credit card Tony told the girls secretly to give Greta a kiss on the cheek to show their appreciation. As one, the girls chose a cheek and left the woman blushing. As they kissed her Greta snuck her hands around the girls and patted their butts. Shameless yet irresistible. Reacting with giggles Tony whistled loudly a second time and the girls gave chase waving goodbye to Greta, kisses blown at the men in passing all the way out to Tony's truck. In they went.
"Time to go to work you little sluts."
"Do we get to work with wood?" Rose pinches her shirt to show off the saying.
"Ohhh yeah. There's gonna be some 2x4's in your future."
"We're taking Math?" Becca pondered aloud.
"Yup! Adding. Subtracting. Adding. Subtracting." He chuckled.
The girls had a hunch they were getting laid.
==================
Back at the hospital, their Mother Kendra Neal ran into young Justin Cooley in the halls of the ER. Both in between patient assist she opts to thank him properly.
"Hi Justin. I really appreciated how you took charge over my daughter's booboo. You ran off so fast I didn't get the chance to thank you."
"Oh! No worries, I just realized I was running late getting back. Your daughters are really nice." Too hot his actual thoughts, trouble for certain.
"They appear to be. We had a rough start a few days back when they came to live with me again. They were raised by their Father and I had minimal contact with them. I believe they're opening up quite nicely myself. They seemed to like you too."
"Awesome."
"I was wondering something. I heard through the grapevine that you do home tutoring to pay for college. True?"
He hesitates a moment, "Ummm! Yeah I do."
"Would you consider home schooling them for me a few nights a week? I'll pay whatever you quote me."
He offers a stunned expression that makes him stare directly into Kendra's eyes. Pale and needing his inhaler suddenly he digs for it in his scrubs. A fast shot of it he relaxes, "Sorry, sneaks up on me now and then."
Hiding his true thoughts after seeing the girls private parts earlier he adds, "Can I get back with you on that? My schedule is pretty tight." So were both girls cute pussies. He knew, he looked. Butt plugs made him uneasy even more. It was safe to say both sisters were wilder than their mother knew. Zipping his lip Justin hears the two men from the cafeteria whom Becca had sat on their laps walk by discussing the girls. Seeing Justin they clam up and pass without Kendra even growing suspicious.
"Yes, that's fine. I understand completely. It's just they need to complete a certain amount of education to satisfy the state. Although I am their flesh and blood they barely know me. Their father made arrangements that they must live under my roof until age 21 in order to prepare them for society. Strange I know but a sizeable inheritance depends on that."
He recalls them mentioning the inheritance but didn't believe it until now. Maybe this could prove interesting he thought. "How about this, I'm free next Wednesday. How about I drop by and meet your daughters again and see how they react to my being their Tutor. We all have to be comfortable with one another right?"
"Absolutely. Thank you Justin. I'd kiss you but...people might talk." She grins patting his shoulder. He had never thought much about Kendra until she said that.
"Wow! How did I overlook her before now? Kendra is really pretty. Might just come visit Mrs. Robinson." He chuckles to himself looking at her chest for only a brief moment. He had recently watched the old movie classic the Graduate as part of a college curriculum. Strangely, from that point on he thought more about Kendra than her daughters.
Jotting down her cell number and her address on a notepad she tears it off and hands it to him, "Here. See you Wednesday night say 7:00?"
"Works for me."
"Thank you again. Just name your price."
"Million bucks." He laughs.
"Little steep for my pocket." She winces playfully.
"Don't worry we can figure out a payment plan." He wiggles his brows thinking to himself that she could pleasure him anytime as payment. "I better get back to my deliveries."
"Bye Justin." She turns and wiggles away. As if instinct took over she looked back and found him staring at her butt. Eyes flaring she shakes it off, "Surely not." It still made her smile.
Outside the city limits was a new build housing division. Various contractors were sharing work in the vicinity but Tony Desmond's crew was off on their own on a recently prepped street with no other houses under construction. Pulling in behind a pair of large flatbed trailers containing a load of lumber he shuts his truck off and looks back at the girls.
"We're here. I expect you girls to tease my boys hard. When I say take those bibs off you do it. Am I clear?"
"YES TONY."
"Who?" He pats his chest twice as strict inspiration.
"YES MASTER."
"Keep those plugs in your asses until removed."
Nodding, they shiver at their strange new environment. Hearing nailguns spooked them. Seeing a forklift in motion made them huddle closer to each other. The skeleton of the bi level home almost appeared haunted. Only two sides had actual walls.
"Nothing to be afraid of, just don't touch anything, except my workers when the time is right." Tony Desmond hops down from his truck and opens the suicide door to assist them in getting out. Once standing beside him on the short section of street he closes up his truck. "Got your tools?" Both girls scan over their tool belts for hammer and tape measure, all that they would need. Satisfied they look at Tony with precision timing that still spooked him a bit. Between their synchronized words and almost photographic reactions it was as if they were clones. If they were Tony wanted a few more from the assembly line.
"Follow me you sexy worker bees. Single file, chins high, chests out, pussies wet." Giggling at his playful orders the girls trailed his directive stride across the street, over a less than forgiving yard of dirt piles and discarded pieces of cut lumber. It was a maze to say the least. Finding the entrance Tony led them inside the shell as he grumbled, "I thought Pete said he was further ahead than this. Gonna have to dock his paycheck for false information." Following nail guns upstairs the girls cringed the closer they got. It was almost like the heartbeats of a nightmare hearing them.
"HEY!" Tony yelled at the top of his lungs, his crew silencing all activity to look at him. Arms to his sides he sneers, "WHAT THE HELL? I'M GONE A FEW DAYS AND YOU BASTARDS SLACK UP ON ME? WHERE'S BIG PETE?"
"Over here." A large 280 pound man with a bump cap over peppered grey hair peers around a sheet of drywall. The remaining four crew members pointing as if blame struck home made the girls snicker. Once Tony motioned the girls to stay put out of harms way he meets Pete who sat his drywall against some load bearing beams.
"You told me we were ahead of schedule. This does not look ahead to me."
"Ran into some snags is all. Had to tear out a few areas because we were looking at our blueprint wrong."
"Few areas? Half the upstairs?" Tony looked ready to burst a blood vessel. "I was gonna treat you boys, but now I don't think you bastards deserve it." Pete dabs sweat from his neck with a hanky and shakes his head with a scowl. "I need to be here. Tomorrow through Friday I'm on site. No more goofing around." He grimaced knowing that Kendra would be left without a sitter. She was just going to have to trust the girls more. His professional career was equally as important as hers. More so, he made the big bucks.
"Not an excuse Desmond, just a mistake. We all make those, even you." Pete retaliates. He had stayed on topic even though he wanted to look over the young cuties hanging back. Pink in this madhouse was certainly distracting. Bad enough the four much younger crew members were already waving at the girls who were feigning blushes and batting lashes. With one of their bib straps undone they timed a sneaky peek at opposite boobs giving the men a grin that led to tongue wags in full force. Becca and Rose wanted a mouth on their nipples so badly in that moment they had to improvise and do it themselves. Behind Tony's back they lifted their breasts awkwardly to at the very least swirl their tongues around their own areolas. Their actions were met with the men squeezing their crotches and drooling up a storm.
"I get that Pete. Fuck it! What's done is done." Tony calms down then looks back at the girls influencing his men. Pete finally got his chance to get a good look at the Pinky Pies. Better than any photo for certain.
"So those are Kendra's kids. They look friggin' sixteen."
"Eighteen. I've seen state ID's and birth certificates, so don't sweat your blue balls off."
"Nice titties they're licking."
"Even better when they're both topless."
"You still letting me...?"
"Think you deserve the royal treatment after setting me behind? Good thing I didn't report in to the Owners that we were ahead of schedule."
"Sorry. Last minute discovery. You know I always make things right."
"You do. I got edgy is all." Tony turns toward his crew and lifts his hand waving as he whistled, "BRING IT IN." Before the men could sit their equipment aside both Becca and Rose raced to Tony and knelt in front of him. Pete puckered at how well behaved the twins were having only known Tony Desmond such a short time. Pretty fucking remarkable.
"Nice job Boss." Crewman Curtis admired the girls cute bottoms in loose pink bibs. Mad respect was increasing by the second. Surrounding the girls from behind, Becca and Rose dared to look at each other smiling, reading the others emotions.
"DID I SAY YOU COULD GIGGLE AND LOOK AT EACH OTHER?" Tony roared, both girls turning to face him while lowering their gaze. In perfect poise, knees wide, palms face up, offering their inner thighs as they were taught long before Tony Desmond's rule.
"We apologize Master." They softly related. The crew blown away by their admission to submission. They knew Tony was tough, but damn.
"You bozos took lunch before I got here?"
"They worked through because of the errors we made." Pete rescues them.
"Alright. Take sixty and enjoy yourselves. Save some for the fat bastard back here." Tony casts a thumb. As Big Pete rolls his eyes at getting sloppy fifths he relents and backs away to take a seat on some stacked 2 x 4's. The crew didn't even know how to react. They were in the dark overall, were these prostitutes their boss was treating them to? With none of them jumping in Tony laughed. "Let me get some pics first. Sixty starts after."
Becca hesitantly raises her hand without looking up.
"Speak."
"Does sixty include nine Master?"
Everyone busted up leaving Becca to whimper as if she had made a grievous error. Tony smirking reaches down gripping the only bib straps attached and lifts the girls to their feet as if puppets. He was that strong, they were that weightless. Both yelping at his gruff move they stood before him still lowering their eyes.
"If they want nine you give them nine." He lifts their chins now that they were aloft on their own feet. "Girls? Look at me." They do so, bubbling to life with a mesmerizing glint in their eyes. "Let's take a few work pics for your mom just so you can show her you made your paychecks."
"We get money?" Rose perked up.
"Yep. These lazy bastards are giving you $50 each." He looks up to his crew, "What? You think it's your Christmas bonus? I may be playing Santa but I'm not giving gifts for free. They deserve a little inspiration. Anyone that can't cough up that much can run to McDonald's." Wallets sprang into action. Money was borrowed just to meet the price tag of hotties in waiting. Taking their cash Tony poses it in front of the girls then rolls the wad up and puts it in his pocket. "Earn your pay. Pictures first." He takes out his cellphone and begins giving direction.
"Dreyfuss? Take Becca here..." He provides him with her by nudging her toward the thirty year old hillbilly. Dreyfuss Malone was a 5'8, fairly buff man with a tattooed sleeve half finished on his right arm. "You and her act like you're carrying a 2 x 4 across the flooring." Grabbing a piece of lumber from beside Big Pete, Becca saw him look sad and went the extra mile and gave him a speedy kiss on the cheek. It definitely brightened his day. Tony chuckled faintly and flipped off his crew boss. Not even Tony's bird would ruin his moment.
As Dreyfuss holds the board he hands Becca the other end, then turns his back to her for Tony's pic. Becca giddy waves at the camera while Dreyfuss looked away as if truly busy. Picture snapped Tony looks it over. He had forgotten a first pic to send Kendra and made Rose join Becca to stand back to back, hammer in Becca's hand raised, Rose extending her pink tape measure. The pic was darned cute.
"Alright...Rose? You crouch down beside Gordy there." She looked for her target as bald Gordy had his bump cap off waving her over. "I said crouch not kneel on your knees." Tony laughed as she rectified her mistake giggling. The girls were having fun. "Gordy? Face Rose like you expect a blowjob. Rose? You hold the beam in front of him but keep your eyes on his crotch. Don't look like you're begging for it, just look. Gordy you ignore her and brace the beam looking up." Pic taken it looked as if Rose was curious. Innocent but devious all the same.
"Becca? Bend over and pick up that board you and Dreyfuss set down. Dreyfuss you look at Becca from your end of the board. Don't look obvious you're looking at her chest."
"Pretty difficult not to Boss." Dreyfuss grinned, Becca bubbling at his gaze. Picture taken of Becca's ass Tony realized her tightened bib shorts crept right up inside her ass cheeks, the butt plug popping through the material. Smirking Tony took it anyway. It would be fun to see if Kendra overlooked it. He could always laugh and say maybe she crapped her panties if her Mother grilled him over it. He would point it out to Becca later to keep their stories straight.
A simple picture with the girls showing off their cartoon woodpecker shirts with both straps undone dared to reveal belly buttons. Still innocent enough Tony thought. Easy enough to explain the shirts as being short only because that was how they were sold, no full length shirts with the same print. Kendra would get past that excuse.
Final pics consisted of one with Big Pete still seated and one girl leaning on each of his shoulders smiling brightly. Of course, Pete had his hands on their asses squeezing cheeks. Kendra would be oblivious, knowing Pete to always be respectable. Yeah, right. After the photo was taken Rose kissed Pete's opposite cheek, as Becca had the other earlier. Fair was fair.
"Okay you little cunts...Bump caps, socks, and boots only. Lose the bibs and t-shirts." Tony snarls making the girls jump with adrenalin. Shirts off in a blur, the bibs dropped and they struggled for a bit getting them over their boots without taking them off. Once off the girls bounced to their feet, tits jiggling with excitement. Every man up there including Tony Desmond whistled. The twins hopped up and down together, spinning in a 360 to show off their entire bodies.
"Sweet Jesus Boss." Curtis Mulvaney hissed, "I don't know how you got these gals, but hot damn Judge."
"Sixty starts now." Tony nods at Curtis then points at his crew, "Girls will deny you bastards nothing. Ain't that right?" He leers at Becca and Rose for confirmation.
"Yes Master." Both squealed and strutted toward the men seductively. Tony had to snap a picture full frontal, then one from behind, the bump caps and boots were just too yummy not to. While the men pawed the girls up, sucking nipples and kissing on them Tony sat down beside Pete. "Now that's what we really call a 2 X 4. Two sluts, four fellas."
Showing Pete the pics Tony moved the nudes to a safe folder by emailing them to his home computer. Only he knew that email. Better safe than sorry in case their Mother ever snooped into his cell. Once secure he began sending pics to Kendra at work in hopes to make her day.
It took awhile for her to get a chance to look at her texts due to finishing up on stinting a patient then cleaning herself up. A breather at her locker and checking messages led her to open her texts. "Awww! They're so adorable." If only she knew that in that very second both of her daughters had four men surrounding them while they were on their knees. Two crew members face fucking them while each girl stroked the cock of another. "I adore the pink bibs and bump caps." She texted Tony back. Becca gagging on a eight inch beast as Kendra was still typing, "I love you Tony Desmond. Thank you for treating my girls as your own."
Showing Pete Kendra's replies the two men shake their heads, "Momma will never know that they are owned."
"You sick mother fucker." Pete pats Tony on the shoulder. "Look at those girls go. They love sucking dick don't they?"
"They love sex period. Hell I've even had them eat each other out."
"No shit? I'd like to see that."
"All in good time Slacker."
Another text from Kendra over the photo of Becca bending over said, "Why did you take a picture of my daughter's butt?"
"Weren't even thinking about the angles Ken. Just snapping pics. You really gonna give me hell over this?" He sends back.
"Nooooo! LOL!" She replies, "I'm just teasing you Romeo. Those shirts are cute, even if the words do seem a bit sexual."
"They picked those shirts out. Had to go short because the same shirt was only in that style. I had a hunch you might raise a brow but I caved. Long as they're covered right?"
Her text return adds, "Are they not wearing bras? I see pokies."
He grits his teeth at Pete, "Not as oblivious as I thought."
"Better do damage control fast."
"Hot day out here Ken, high up though the wind gets cooler. But, yeah I reckon they did go braless. Hadn't even noticed until they...you pointed 'em out. LOL! Relax I'm teasing you back."
"I'll be sure to enforce bras from here on out."
"They're eighteen Ken. Kids will rally against you if you get too strict. Just saying."
"Why do you always point out my lack of parenting skills? LOL! You're right I'll let it go as long as it doesn't get out of hand." Becca was wearing cum on her face as that text came through. Her attention moving from her unloader to the man in her hand. Curtis Mulvaney moved his dick to her throat and clutched the back of her head feeding her deep, his balls crushed against her chin.
"Only giving you healthy advice Momma Ken." Tony chuckled.
"That's what makes you important too me. I swear I will make you the happiest man alive."
"Already do. I bought the phoneline equipment, I'll hook that up before you get home."
"Thank you Lover. That might deserve a nice long blowjob." She sends with a winking emoji.
"I'll be waiting naked in your bed when you get home."
"Our bed. Make sure you close the door so the girls don't catch you waiting on me."
"Nope! Wide open." He dares to send.
"Toooonnnnyyy! LOL! This open lifestyle cannot go that far, especially if I'm not there. That might send the wrong message."
"Boy you're gullible. We can leave it open after you get home and start blowing me."
"OMG! LOL!" She reacts, "We'll see. Lord what are you doing to me Tony?"
"Just creating a happy home. One without anyone feeling closed in. Trust me the girls are smart enough to know that you're...we're...only letting them be themselves as much as they're letting us be us."
"I suppose. Oh, I asked Justin about tutoring the girls. He's coming over Wednesday night for dinner and to talk about things. He wants to be certain the girls are okay with this arrangement."
"Sounds good. Listen Ken I'm going to have to get back to work tomorrow. The guys are slacking more than they led me to believe. We can talk to the girls about fending for themselves. We can both call and check up on them."
"I understand. You're right again. I need to go. Love you more than life Mr. Desmond."
"Cya at home Sexy butt."
As Kendra Neal reads his last reply she puts her cell away and looks down awkwardly twisting in step at her tightening scrub pants. "I do have a sexy butt." In a flash thought she recalls young Justin looking at it earlier. "He thought so too." Innocent enough that it was.
Back at the job site...
"Suck that dick you little minx." Curtis told Becca as she fed harder under his influential grip on her skull, that bump cap lost to the wood floor under duress. Beside them Rose had just swallowed Gordy Simms launched jizz deep into her throat. Huffing heavily Rose scooted over switching dicks to the fourth crew member Clint Cochran. Clint the youngest of the quartet at 26 was eager to abuse her tonsils. It took zero time in refilling her mouth with minty goodness.
"That all you pussies want is blowjobs?" Tony stood next to the loitering crew. "I guess I gotta show you losers how it's done." Snatching Becca up by her hair he moves her squealing into position before Tony bends her over. "STAY!" She hears him, obediently holding her knees as Tony unzips his pants and shows his crew what made him the big Boss. Snatching Becca's hips he pulls her ass closer then penetrates her pussy. Gripping her hair he yanks her head back so that her eyes meet Curtis and Gordy. "Let them hear how good I feel."
Becca moans heavily and cries out, "MY MASTER IS THE BEST." That brought on laughter. "FUCK ME MASTER I LOVE YOUR COCK." Hearing her amplified enthusiasm Big Pete enters the fray unzipping his pants to reveal an awe inspiring monster cock. Big Pete indeed. Snapping at Rose to join her sister in bending over she leaped to her feet and did so. Moving Rose a bit to face Becca he primed his beefy crown up to her trickling pussy and plunged slowly knowing his girth would stretch her hole dramatically. Sure enough Rose opened her mouth as wide as it could while her eyes fluttered to look up at Tony with a hint of fear.
"Take it and thank Pete." Tony growled.
"T-t-thank you Sir." It was easy to tell Rose was spooked but she took Pete like a pro. Pete's hand gripping Rose's mane just to mirror Tony's stance with Becca, twin facing twin and moaning hard. Their crew members broke away to eat sack lunches and just watched. Tony slapped Becca's ass multiple times just for effect. Copying him Pete swatted Rose just as many times.
"KISS YOUR SISTER." Tony nudged Becca closer to Rose until the girls locked lips as best they could, trying not to chip teeth under the fierce thrusting deep inside their pussies. A dark admiration between Tony and Pete led Tony to pluck out the butt plug from Becca's anus. Showing it to Pete, the larger man repeated his bosses show. Plugs tossed aside both men moved their cocks from twin pussies and tapped their youthful asses. The new reaction led the girls to wail at the top of their lungs. Kissing enforced, their cries muffled in favor of straining breath. The girls loved kissing one another.
In a bold move Tony pulls the twins away from one another. Cradling his left arm under Becca he lifts her off of her feet and carries her, dick still thrusting slightly, until she faced the seated Clint and Curtis. Lowering sandwiches they found her chest more delectable. Standing her up Tony gripped her throat and pulled her back toward his chest, even as he pounded her pussy. Her 36C's bobbing lured the two men in to feed on her nipples. Becca Masters came hard under the attentions of three men at once.
Not to be outplayed Big Pete followed suit, Rose forcefully carried to Gordy and Dreyfuss. Her own neck encircled by large hands she found her chest poised for pleasure. Rose, unlike Becca took her hands and lifted her breasts even more in begging for them to be sucked on. Four men fed on two young lovelies until Rose lost herself gushing all over the wood floor below. Tony nutted in Becca's ass leaving her milky as he slowly pulled out and turned her to face Clint and Curtis making her pry her cheeks wide to show them that milk really did do her body good.
"You pansies gonna just eat ham on rye or you gonna fuck this pussy?" Tony gloated. Clint swiftly sat his lunch aside and dropped his trousers. Picking Becca up around her waist he shuffled her toward a short stack of plywood and laid her down missionary. Crawling over her he hit her pussy deep, Becca howling at his dick grazing her G-spot with violent paths crossed. While kissing her neck Tony patted Clint on the shoulder, "No hickies." The kissing withdrew and it became just a feral lust of thrust. Becca had a deafening orgasm just as Clint pulls out and nuts all over her belly. Curtis waiting in line put his hanky over the leftovers and replaced Clint in her juicy cunt. Becca could not stop screaming in ecstasy.
Pete unloading into Rose's ass sent her eyeballs rolling back. After a breath catching second wind Pete staggers out of Rose and guides her trembling body into Dreyfuss. Lunch was over. He already had his pants down awaiting Pete to finish his reign. Drawing Rose into his lap she straddled his erection and fucked him on her own. She threw her arms around his neck and shared a baby doll pout just before storming Dreyfuss for a passionate kiss. His hand gripped the back of her head and sucked the soul right out of her. His devotion making her ride him hard.
"Fuck that's nice." Pete watched her pussy rise and fall over Dreyfuss. He had to find his cell just to capture that event alone on video. No faces just paces. Knowing he was ready to nut Dreyfuss broke their kiss even as Rose wheezed, "Noooo." Lifting her he guides her back to the wood floor and kneels over her thin strip of pubic hair in the shape of a rose and coats her in white. She cooed with desire still strong.
Gordy decided against fucking her, standing tall as he sprinkled ejaculation down into a rain fall over her heaving breasts. Rose swiftly used her hands to wipe up both men's jizz and suck on her fingertips, one hand after another. Everyone enjoyed her hunger knowing she had a mixed fruit of men's jizz in her belly. She giggled dancing on her back. Pete had to halt her with a boot pressing on her tits. "Don't get a splinter in your ass."
Tony looking at his watch whistled loudly, "Lunch is over. Everyone back to work."
Groaning the crew zips up and fist bumps their boss. Finding the girls still laying there exhausted Tony grabs Rose by her hair and pulls her to her feet. Walking her toward Becca on the plywood he offers one last show. "6 X 9 sluts." He picks Rose up by her waist and lands her straddling Becca's face. Becca greedily devoured her sisters still milky thighs sharing in the milk from Dreyfuss. Tony had to force Rose into Becca's cunt, not from lack of not wanting to she just needed to catch her breath. Inhaling deeply Rose bit Becca's clit forcing a squeal. Then tongues dug deep. The show was just plain incredible. Cumming together in gushing overflows that made the entire crew go, "HELL YEAH! Tony clapped. Pete had recorded their 69 for future reference.
"Get dressed." Tony nudged both girls with a toe of his boot.
Peeling from each other the girls located their bibs and t-shirts, dressing as fast as possible. Big Pete brought their butt plugs up, "Forgot something." Giggling the girls in synch pulled their bibs down and bent over, "PLUG US UNCLE PETE." Everyone including Tony busted up.
"Too fucking cute." Tony shook his head. Uncle Pete installed their butt plugs then kissed their ass. They shook their butts until each of the crew members made the journey to offer a kiss goodbye to those heart shaped bottoms. Won over the girls stood up and redressed all over again. Bump caps, belts, and tools found Tony hugged the girls to his side. With a salute to his troops Tony took the girls back to his truck. "Ready to go shopping again? You both have $200 bucks each."
"YAY!"
"I'm thinking bikinis. We're going swimming this weekend."
"We have bikinis Master." Becca knew he knew but told him so anyway.
"You do, but your Momma doesn't. She's a onesie kinda swimmer."
"Isn't this our money Master?" Rose asked pouting.
"Tony." He pats his chest again.
""Isn't this our money Tony?" This time Becca.
"It is. But, I'm buying your Momma a bikini. Water Park sound good to you gals?"
"What's a water park?" Becca flared her amazing eyes.
"A place where you can wash off that cum on your face." He chuckles wiping her cheek with his hanky of a tiny droplet still damp. "It's like a bunch of swimming pools." He produces his cell and looks up the park to show them log rides, and a huge tidal pool, including pictures of a lazy river with kids on floating innertubes. Their faces brightened up like the fourth of July.
"I take that as another Yay?"
"YAY!"
"Here's your money." He divides the $200 each and tucks it into their bibs chest pocket. "Don't spend it all in one place."
"Tony?" Becca hugs his arm as he opens the truck door.
"Yep."
"We think our Daddy would like you."
"Oh, yeah?"
"Can we come help build the house more often?"
"Build?" He laughs, "If I brought you more often the house would come down around our ears. The only thing nailed would be you little sluts."
A symphony of nail guns concealed their laughter.
It was true.