Asim woke up the next morning, with a raging hard-on, only this time he knew what it was for. Last night had been one heck of a night for him, which had led him to furiously jerk off thinking about his own sister. His sister who had deliberately shown him more than she should have.
In the next room, Sarah's awakening was no different. Completely dehydrated, panties drenched. She had been very horny lately, and the most important, her horniness was triggered by exposing to her own brother. She was so fucking turned out by this game that she was playing, and wasn't in any state of denial either. Getting off by herself wasn't working for her anymore, she needed some real action, she wanted to be fucked real good. She immediately called up her boyfriend, she wasn't asking for a romantic date, more like a booty call, luckily her boyfriend had half day at work today. They fixed the specifics and Sarah were excited about meeting her boyfriend in a few hours.
Freshened up, as she was about to leave her room, she heard the TV sounds from downstairs, her brother was home again, not that she minded. Quite the opposite really. She quickly checked her attire in the mirror, and applied some perfume, all this while confused by her sudden inclination of going an extra mile to look and smell nicer to her brother. Deciding to change her attire, she stood naked in front of the mirror, she put on a red bra [red was her favorite color in undergarments] and wore a white t-shirt which had a thin fabric, meaning her bra would be proudly visible. She picked out a pair of shorts that snuggle her tight ass but decided to up the ante even more. She pulled out her red panties instead - not thongs though. Wearing that, she stepped out of the room.
She was feeling very nervous. Going around in her panties was definitely something new, more for the fact that her t-shirt wasn't a long one and came only to her waist. The panties wouldn't be considered slutty, but they were after all panties so a good amount of her ass was on display. Either way, she was ready to do this. When Sarah entered the lounge, Asim saw her at first, then looked again, this time a little longer. Sarah walked casually as if nothing was different about this morning.
While the siblings were having their breakfast, Asim was looking at his sister a lot, and he was doing so very openly. Sarah, too, was looking at her younger brother sitting with her, fully aware that she was being scanned, particularly at her ass, and this was turning her on.
She stood up after finishing her breakfast and did additional strides around him, so he gets a proper view. She was going wild with this whole thing. Asim got up as well and as Sarah went to do the dishes, he simply stood behind her at a distance and enjoyed the show. He then came behind her to put a plate on the counter, she could feel the heat radiating from his body. Asim was also getting more confident, he leaned next to his sister's neck, and said "You smell amazing sis"
"Why, thank you! Not that it's an appropriate compliment that a brother would give his elder sister" from her tone, it was evident that she wasn't complaining, as she smiled and winked at her brother.
"I believe appropriateness is out of the window already" he responded, smiling back. They were flirting with each other openly.
"What? I'm just being free. I don't know how to say this, but when I'm home alone, I like to be comfortable. These mornings used to be 'me time' till you stopped going to work!" again, a lovely smile as she said that, the statement was open-ended and she was expecting Asim to follow it up with a question.
"What do you mean by me time?" knowing an answer already, but he wanted her to say it.
Sarah wrestled with the response but decided to go ahead. "Well, you know... Roaming around the house in undies or... nude" hesitating at the last word.
Even though Asim knew what his sister's going to say, he was delighted to hear the words.
"So, who's stopping you now?" winking at his sister.
"Let's not carried away bro. One thing at a time" she winked, smiled, and she was walking past him, touched his arm lovingly.
Asim surprised both himself and his sister by his next move. As he turned her head to see his sister's panty-clad ass walking by, he spanked at her right ass cheek. Sarah jumped in reaction, clearly not expecting that, she turned to look at him with what could be best described as a confused expression, she wasn't sure how she felt about this sudden gesture, but surely she wasn't going to tell him off. Sarah then surprised herself by simply giving him a naughty smile, and kept walking, her hips moving seductively for her brother's hungry eyes.
Asim grew in confidence due to the lack of disapproval of her sister for this bold move and followed his sister to join her on the couch. The siblings talked about normal things, with occasional glances at one another. Sitting much closer than they normally would. But Sarah wanted more material to get herself more worked up.
"If I wasn't home, would you be walking around naked too?" she asked her brother, inquisitive yet seemingly innocent.
"Not sure about being naked, but without a shirt for sure. I usually don't wear them in my room, if you haven't noticed" reminding her of the times she had seen him in his room, under the covers, his shoulders visible. All that before their recent adventures though.
"Well that's like me not wearing pants, you can take your shirt off if you want... Would make me feel a little less conscious," she said with a soft voice.
He didn't need to be asked again. Just like that, he pulled off his shirt and threw it away. Sarah took her time in checking out her brother's bare chest. Asim was fit, neither very muscular, nor very boney. She liked that actually. She was looking at his bare chest as if it's completely normal to do that.
"Do you mind?" he asked as he moved his hand to her right leg, around the knees. Just adding an additional layer of closeness as they sat together. By the time Sarah signaled no, her brother's hand was already there.
Sarah, without asking for permission, moved her hand towards his chest, using her nails to explore his body. Applying a little more pressure, she was trying to push him towards his side, making him lie down on the couch. Asim quickly figured out what she was going for, and lied down. He then sort of pulled his sister towards him, and now Sarah was literally lying on top of her brother.
As Sarah lay her head on her brother's bare chest, she knew this was going much further than she had ever thought. But she was in no mood of putting an end to this. The scent of her sex was now evident in the air, and as she was on top of her brother, she realized she's not the only one who's turned on.
Asim brought his hands behind her now, pulling her closer to him, Sarah's breasts pressing into his chest, he could swear he felt her hard nipples through the two pieces of clothing on his sister's upper body. Soon he smoothly made his way towards her bottom, Sarah only pressed more into his chest, as her younger brother's hand casually explored her bare ass cheeks, the area that was not covered by her panties.
"This feels nice," he said, first one to acknowledge that something was going on here. His elder sister simply nodded at that but her breathing was much faster now.
Asim gave his sister's ass a little squeeze, which made her more wet. She lifted her head off his chest, and started giving him small pecks all over his abs. Feeling his sister's soft lips on his chest couldn't ever go unnoticed, as he started to get harder in his pants. His sister surely felt it.
She raised herself a little higher on his body, so that her lips were now very close to his, as she moved her body a little higher on his, Asim lifted his head to formally start what could never be reversed.
Their kiss was soft and romantic, though that was not what the siblings were feeling. In fact, they were both going through this struggle of ignoring that this is forbidden, however, that's what made this kiss so much hotter. Sarah felt her pussy drenching the panties once again, as Asim moved his hands all over her sister back, holding her tight as their lips were locked. Sarah was the first to push her tongue in her brother's mouth, knowing fully well that as the elder one between the two, she was being highly irresponsible. It didn't matter in that second, nor would it matter as long as this kiss went on.
Asim was proudly feeling up his sister as he would if it was his girlfriend, his hands often squeezing her ass, moving her panties aside to feel more of her skin, then moving towards her waist again and going inside her shirt from the side. His sister lifted her body a little bit to allow her brother to feel what he's looking for, his hand came straight to her breasts, supported by her tight bra, he felt them from one less material as he pinched her nipples through her bra. Asim's dick was getting harder by the second, and he felt like he could explode right then and there if continued like that.
Sarah had other plans though. After their kiss ended, she lifted herself completely off him, and stood next to her brother. Throwing all reservations out of the window, she moved her hand to the bottom of her shirt, and pulled it off her body. She now stood in only her red bra and matching panties in front of her younger brother. The same brother who's blatant stare at her cleavage had at one time disgusted her, she was now giving him the exclusive view only a few guys have had from her.
Asim sat on the couch now, looking intently at his elder sister, extending his arms to reach her sister who was standing opposite to him, going for her waist. This move made it very clear to Sarah that he brother was more interested in her pussy. She turned around for him, giving him the view very up close for the first time, expecting him to pull off her panties right away. Instead, Asim spanked her left cheek!
Being spanked always turned her on, but her brother wasn't supposed to know that. She had to give him a positive reaction to make sure he gets the message that she loves that. She squeaked, and landed on top of him again, this time sitting on him, as she turned her head around to kiss her brother wild. Her pussy was directly on her brother's raging hard-on, there was no way she'd could miss that feeling. She scratched her nails on his back, immediately found out that her brother found this move quite hot! Siblings were quickly getting to know each other's touch points. Biting his lower lip, she stood up again.
"Does my little brother not want his present?" she asked, offering her ass to him once again. She was desperate to show him more and more of herself.
Asim didn't need to be told again, he pushed a finger on each side of her panties' waistband, and started pushing it down his sister's legs.
Suddenly the world stopped around them, they heard the sound of keys clunking. The siblings stared at each other in shock. Then suddenly Sarah realized this wasn't an imagination, there was actually someone outside the door!
"Shit, shit, shit!" she almost whispered as she was collected her shirt and ran off to her room, closing it shut. Asim did the same, making it safe just in time!
"Asim? Sarah? Do you kids ever get out of your rooms?" they heard their mother shout from the lounge!
As Sarah held her shirt in her hand, feeling already very naked, she couldn't help but feel her pussy dripping. Once again, she was about to get caught and once again she couldn't stop herself from hitting her climax, this time she wasn't even touching herself. Something of getting caught was also a turn on for her.
A couple of minutes later, she heard her brother's voice at a distance, he was talking to his mom who had just dropped in. Apparently, their mom had forgotten something and had come home to collect it, which wasn't anything new about her. Naturally their mom's stopover was short, and Sarah soon heard the main door close and lock from the outside. As she took a sigh of relief, she heard a knock on her door, and she realized all this time she hadn't put her shirt and was still dressed in only red bra and panties. She walks towards the door to welcome her brother, knowing fully well that it's going to start from where they left off.
Asim walks in, now wearing his shirt n shorts, but doesn't waste any time in making his move, he immediately pulled his elder sister in his arms, and their lips meet in a hungry embrace. His hands roam freely on her back and her ass, he spanks it during the kiss. As the kiss gets more intense, he moves his one hand to the back of her bra, unclasping it swiftly.
Asim thinks he has gone a little too far as his sister pulls back a little and breaks the kiss, only to realize that she wants to pull off his shirt, and allow her bra to fall off. As Sarah's perky breasts come into his view for the first time, Asim couldn't help but ogle at her beauty. A lovely combination of love and hunger in his eyes, as he bends down to take her right nipple into his mouth and sucks at it.
Sarah couldn't possibly get more wet, her pussy had been dripping since this morning, but this was going on yet another overdrive. She moans rather loudly as her younger brother bites and sucks at her nipples. This is getting too much for her to handle. Deciding she's going to get what she really wants, she pulls her brother's face up, and kisses him again. Taking his hand, she leads him to her bed, and gets on top of him.
"You still haven't unwrapped your present, my little brother!" she complains to him. Asim loves how his sister emphasizes that they are committing a forbidden act by announcing their relationship again and again. He lifts her in the air and strongly pulls her panties lower towards her legs, she gets up, putting one leg between his as she smoothly gets rid of the very last clothing she had on her. Standing stark naked in front of her younger brother!
"Do you like it all smooth bro?" he nods innocently. "Good, cuz I shaved myself for you last night"
Asim gets up from the bed, but Sarah pushes him back. And bends over in front of him. "I think you're a little overdressed" as she pulls off his shorts. His dick springs back, almost hitting her face, as she observes it slowly. She then gets up, and asks him to lie on the bed and close his eyes. With no idea what's coming next, Asim follows the instructions, and sure enough he feels a change of weight around him. Before he could make sense, he feels a set of wet pussy lips on his face, dripping over his mouth.
The scent from his sister's sex is so fucking amazing, and he immediately opened his mouth to lick her wet pussy. She's literally sitting on his face, and she's grunting with pleasure. But Asim is in for another surprise, as he suddenly feels his dick entering her warm mouth. He loses it completely on this move, and spanks her ass, which makes Sarah drip more fresh, thick juices, on his mouth. Asim surprises his sister but lifting up her ass, and licking her asshole.
"Fuuuccckkkk!" as she crashes on his face again, her legs trembling from the mini-orgasm she was having. Bending over again, she takes her brother's seven-inch hard cock in her warm mouth, closing her lips around the tool, trying to get it all the way in. She gags and when his dick is out of her mouth, it's glistening with his sister's hot saliva.
The siblings were quickly pacing towards their respective orgasms, but Sarah wanted to save his first with her to be had after something else. She was about to get off from his face and yet another spank came in, crashing her pussy on her hungry lips again! She did get off him though, loving how his face was glistening with her pussy juices. She bent over to kiss him and lick herself of his face, Asim also noticed her mouth smells different after his dick had been in it. Their embrace was beautiful to say the least, both of them knowing how far they've gone, and that there's no way back.
"You taste delicious sis."
"Why, thank you! So do you my love it brother, I loved the taste of your precum. Though I have some naughty things that I wanna do with you."
"What kinda naughty?" giving her ass a squeeze.
"What do you think about exhibitionism?" she asked point-blank.
"Fuck do you want others to see us doing things?"
"Well, that, but being seen inappropriately really turns me on, which means when I'm done being naughty, you'll find me extremely horny!"
Asim's eyes shined with excitement "So, what's on your mind sis?"
"Book a hotel room for one day this weekend, you'll see the rest then" winking at her brother.
"Consider it done!" he claimed, and moved closer to make out with his sister again, but she pulled back a few minutes.
"I have to go! My boyfriend will be really happy to know how much I've shown you! Of course, I can't tell events of today, I'll have to first test the waters by telling him how I showed you my bare ass last night, then maybe next time this. By then you and I would have moved much further" once again winking at her younger brother. Sarah got off the bed and walked to the washroom.
"This is going to be fuckin amazing" he only thought, trying to contain his excitement.
Asim wanted to see water dripping off his sister's body once again, but realized there would be ample of opportunities, imagining what kind of taboos they would cross on their hotel trip. He quickly made a reservation for a farther away hotel for the weekend.
-
"Fuck! What's gotten into you woman! You were on fire today!" her boyfriend said to her after their super steamy sex, probably the best she's ever had.
"If I tell you, you'll be horny too! Fuck I'm wet all the time these days, it's like my pussy is a slut, always wanting more!" another sensation between her legs ss she says the s-word. Her boyfriend loves it when she refers to herself or her pussy as a slut.
"And who own you and your slutty pussy?"
She spreads her legs for him to feel his 'property'
"So, what's going on? Who's the reason behind your hypersexuality?"
"If I tell you, you'll be horny too!" she repeats.
"Ok now I badly wanna know"
She takes a minute to think how to structure this. After all, she won't be giving him full information, just enough that gets him excited, and takes their sexual drive much higher.
"So, guess what happened at home last night! More specifically, with my brother" she teased her boyfriend, finally about to let him in on the secret.
"Did you model in your short top from the other day" starting to get up in attention, looking at her intently. Incest fantasy was a big turn on for him too.
"Well, yeah. I went to show him that, wearing only my shorts and no bra. This fucking shirt was so tight, my boobs were literally traceable. And to make matters worse, I was getting wet with excitement and my nipples were hard!"
"So you're saying... You went in front of your younger brother, wearing only that tight top with your nipples hard, and your legs fully exposed?" saying it himself was the best way for him remember, and well he was only getting started to imagine.
"Umm yes. My pussy was already dripping, so it's possible he had a scent of your slut too! But he looked at me so confidently, and said I was looking hot!" she was changing a few specifics, to get him more excited. In reality, a lot more happened over the next day, but she's going to hide that bit.
"Well I'd say the same if you were my sister and came in front of me dressed like that" trying his luck once again for incest role-play.
She told him the events till that night, where she showed her brother her full ass, but left the part of him walking into her room. And also, didn't share the events of earlier that afternoon. But she got what she wanted out of it. Her boyfriend fucked her 3 more times, both of them super turned on by the recent events. Sarah couldn't stop herself from dripping even when she was leaving from his place, but this time from anticipation of what will happen at home that night!
-
As soon as Sarah walked into their home, she went to her room. She desperately had to change her panties - or may be just remove and then not wear any more that night - yup, that's what she was going to do. Wearing rest of her clothes, feeling weird because she had been naked for almost the whole day, she stepped out of her room, only to have Asim push her back in.
He pushed his sister against the wall, and kissed her wildly. Both of them lapping up each other as if lovers meeting after a long time away. Asim pushed his hand inside her pajamas, and was pleasantly surprised to not find any panties. He rubbed her clit, making his sister more wet. And then made her take off her bra. "You're not wearing any undergarments tonight."
While she loved the dominance, her brother was showing towards herself, she wasn't sure if it was a good idea. "I can't do that baby, both mom and dad are in the lounge, I won't feel comfortable to have my boobs hanging freely" Somehow the way she structured her protest, it only seemed to convince herself of why she should go ahead with it.
"That's the plan. I bet your pussy won't stop dripping, and you'll feel even more naughty"
"Like a wild slut" she whispered softly.
"Like MY slut!"
That was her boyfriend's claim, but Sarah wasn't going to stop her brother from claiming it as well. She was now ready to cross yet another boundary, this time wearing less clothes in front of her parents, and being his brother's slut!
Over the next couple of days, while their shenanigans continued during the day, nights were much naughtier for Sarah. Her brother was getting her to reduce her clothes every day. From wearing full top and pajamas, she had gone to crop tops and shorts. Feeling so slutty for her brother.
"Do you not have any proper clothes to wear around your dad and brother?" her mom asked her the first time she wore shorts around them, but Sarah didn't have an answer to that. She knew her mom was conservative, but she was now her brother's slut and she would do as he commands her to do. That night, she literally went to her brother to ask him what he wanted her to wear. He picked the option of thin white sleeveless top which had a much loose neck, and bright pink shorts, of course no underwear allowed. She was getting from being such a naughty girl around her parents, showing them more and more of her body, this time even her cleavage.
The following day was the siblings' hotel date. They would check-in during the day, so they could spend most time alone. They both came up with different believable excuses to be spending the night out. Sarah was asked to carry additional set of clothes, that she had to change into once they're out of their home. It was a yellow summer dress with a fit that would accentuate her curves. It was also thin and slightly see thru, which would've been fine if she were wearing bra and panties, but she wasn't.
The siblings checked into the hotel room, and they both knew there was a huge boundary to cross now. As soon as they entered the room, Sarah dropped everything from her hands and jumped onto her brother, kissing him wild and about to show what he had been doing to her lately.
To be continued...