Jane
From the small loading dock, I had an unobstructed view down the narrow laneway to the couple making out behind the skip bins. I had been playing the voyeur for about ten minutes and they were completely oblivious to the fact that they were being watched. The girl was about my age in a short skirt and crop top and the guy looked a few years older in jeans and a dress shirt. The couple had been so engaged in their passionate embrace they hadn't even noticed my arrival.
The only reason that I was down this dingy alley was because of Tiffany's teasing. Tiffany could be a real bitch at times and referred to me as "Jane the Virgin" after that dumb TV show. Both bits of the name were true, but it still irritated me whenever she said it. I thought tonight might be different as I had made a real effort. The new dress I was wearing was by far the most daring thing I had ever worn. The hemline was at least three inches shorter than anything that I had ever put on and its plunging neckline and strapless back left me feeling more exposed than I felt in a bikini. None of the bra's I owned went with the dress so in another first I went without. The dress did have some built in support that fitted my two pert little gravity defying breasts exceptionally well.
By ten o'clock all my friends had either paired off with their boyfriends or picked up some random guy in the club leaving me feeling like the perennial wallflower. My insular upbringing had contributed a lot to my chronic shyness and lack of confidence. It meant that I was unable to even talk to a male let alone flirt with one. Tiffany in one of her more callus moments told me about the laneway and what happens there after dark and indicated that I should take a good look as I might learn something.
It was shortly after that I decided to call it quits for the night and grabbed my coat for the long, lonely walk home. As I rounded the block and passed the entrance to the laneway my curiosity got the better of me. Here I was spying on the love making of two complete strangers. The guy ran one hand up her skirt while the other massaged her breast up underneath her short top. The hand inside her panties was rubbing her sex vigorously to her obvious pleasure. The scene was turning me on. I could feel a flush of moisture dampen my cotton panties. I don't recollect how my coat buttons had become undone, but my hand was now inching its way down my tummy to stroke my private places through the silky soft fabric of my new dress.
The girl zipped open his fly and started tugging on his erect penis. It was the first time I had ever seen an erection. My view was partially obscured and couldn't see much from that distance but what she was doing was having the desired effect judging from the low male moans and groans quietly reaching my ears. The scene continued to evolve as he hiked her skirt up over her hips and pulled her knickers all the way down her long legs. Forcing her up against the brick wall opposite he gently proceeded to kiss down her body until his face was buried deep in her pussy. My body betrayed me with another much bigger flush of wetness. As one hand rubbed my mound and the other gripping the safety rail at the edge of the loading dock to keep myself stable. All I could think of was how I wish it were me getting eaten out like that as a mini orgasm rocked my body.
So intent was my focus on the events in front of me that I didn't even hear the door open behind me. It was only when he spoke that I realised that someone was there.
"You must be the new girl. Good you're early. It's busy and we have customers waiting."
Startled at the sound of his voice. I spun around quickly to find a big bruiser of a man invading my personal space. He had a confidence about him indicating that he knew how to handle himself in any given situation and you wouldn't want to be on his wrong side. I had just been caught touching myself in public watching another couple make out. My heart felt like it was trying to thump its way out of my chest and my brain was going a million miles a second. I was frozen in place. My mouth dropped open, but nothing came out. Unable to say anything I simply took in a massive gulp of air causing my head to bob.
"Good. Let's see if you are presentable."
Without warning he grabbed my coat and pulled it back off my shoulders revealing the full front of my dress with its low-cut cleavage.
"The dress is OK, and your tits look pretty good if a bit on the small side."
To emphasise his point, he reached out with both hands and grabbed each one of my girls and gave them a significant squeeze in the process rubbing my nipples to complete hardness.
"OK let's see what you have got under the hood."
With that he hitched my dress up over my hips revealing my plain white panties with a prominent wet spot in the front. I was so mortified by this act I blushed scarlet. He didn't even notice in the low light and with his eyes fixated on the damp spot of my panties.
"These won't do. You'll have to go commando for the rest of the night."
With that he pulled my panties all the way down to my ankles and forced me to step out. He now had a very close-up view looking up my dress at my glistening unshaved pussy.
"Wow you don't see that on a girl in this line of work very often. You might want to consider shaving but I like a girl all natural."
As he stood up, he trailed one of his hands up along the inside of my shapely legs until his fingers made contact with my soaking wet pussy. The other hand scrunched up my panties and held them to his nose. Taking a big sniff before shoving them into his pocket.
"You smell so sweet. Which is a good sign your healthy."
Everything happened so quickly. I was still frozen in place and unable to react even though my brain was still going a million miles a second. This was a clear case of mistaken identity. I was certainly nothing like the sort of girl he thought I was. It was like my prefrontal cortex had completely disconnected from the primitive brain stem which had now taken complete control. It was a bit like having an out of body experience with the rational part of my brain being nothing more than an observer. I was just starting to gather some coherent thoughts together when he stuck his finger up inside.
"God, you feel so tight and so wet."
He started sawing his finger in and out which caused a small moan to escape my lips.
"I don't know why a sweet sexy little girl like you needs to do this sort of work but there are going to be a lot of happy punters thankful you are. I guess everyone has their own sob story and it's none of my business and don't need to know."
With his finger still sawing into me I was getting wetter and wetter. Then he placed his thumb on my clit and started to play with it like an accomplished maestro. Another big gush of moisture flooded my privates accompanied by a low moan escaping my lips. It was such a glorious feeling I thought my knees might give way.
"Damn you are so hot. Look what you have done to me."
Grabbing my wrist with his unoccupied hand he dragged my hand down to cover a very large hard hot bulge protruding from the front of his pants.
"I can't go back inside like this you will have to sort this out."
He spun me around, so I was facing outwards towards the laneway again. I could see the couple down the lane had changed positions. The girl was still with her back flat against the wall, but her legs were now tightly wrapped around her lover as he partially supported her weight with his arms. His naked pale bottom was clearly visible thrusting in and out of her very willing and accommodating body. The girl could clearly see me and as we locked eyes, she gave me a blissful satisfied smile.
The man behind me bent me in half by pushing down on the back of my neck until my arms were resting on the safety rail. Flicking up the back of my coat and dress I was rewarded with the sound of a zip being undone.
My mind was screaming. OMG, OMG, OMG he is going to stick that big fat cock into my pussy. There was no way that something that big could ever fit inside someone as small as me. OMG, OMG, OMG this is really going to hurt. There is going to be blood everywhere. OMG, OMG, OMG I'm a virgin. He came up directly behind me and gently nudged my feet a little wider apart and pushed my head down even lower. I now had a clear view down between my spread legs while the bulbous tip of his cock first made contact with my very wet slit. The raw heat emanating from his cock took me by surprise as he slowly ran his cock back and forth lubricating himself with my juices. He adjusted his stance a little and the tip of his cock locked itself in position at my entrance. My eyes never wavered from the mesmerising scene of my deflowering with a firm grip on my hips he pulled me backwards while he thrust forwards. The angry ribbed cock disappeared deep inside me in one smooth motion.
There was no pain and no blood my hymen must have broken sometime during my childhood probably from the horse riding. There was an initial mild discomfort from being stretched so wide by this hard hot cock but it quickly faded. My mind was screaming OMG, OMG, OMG I have got a cock buried inside me. I'm not a virgin anymore. The cock started to withdraw leaving me with a deep sense of loss and a longing for its return. There was no discomfort on the second stroke. It felt so good. My body was built for this. OMG, OMG, OMG I am being fucked by a complete stranger. I'm outside in a laneway with other people watching. OMG, OMG, OMG I now know why my friends are so obsessed with sex. It is soooo soooo good.
The thrusts got bigger and quicker and I found myself pushing back to meet him every time. His balls would swing forward and slap against my sensitive areas at the end of each thrust further stimulating my arousal. I just couldn't help it as my arousal built my vocal cords finally started to function again but the only sounds, I was able to make came from that raw primitive instinctual part of my brain. The loud moans, groans and growls were unmistakably the sounds of a woman in heat approaching her climax.
I don't remember the exact order of events, whether it was me or the girl across the lane that got there first but whatever the case it triggered a chain reaction that caused all four of us achieved our release within a few seconds of each other. He plunged his dick as deep into me as he could and held me tightly in that position while my pussy clamped down hard. I felt stream after stream of thick hot cum erupt from the end of his cock deep into my unprotected womb.
It took about a minute for him to soften and slip out bring with it a big dollop of cum that trickled down the inside of my thigh. After doing up his pants he pulled my panties from his pocket and used them to tenderly clean up between my legs before shoving them back in his pocket. Now I was no longer impaled on his cock I was able to stand back up if on somewhat wobbly legs and straighten out my dress. The couple up the laneway had just about finished their own clean up and the girl gave me a great big conspiratorial wink and sly smile like I was her accomplice before they headed off in the opposite direction.
Now on my own with a huge man who had just cum inside me my options for escape had diminished significantly. He gently and firmly guided me towards the door at the back of the loading dock.
"You don't say much do you, but you certainly know how to make all the right noises. I can't ever remember ever having a fuck as tight and horny as you. You're going to do great. I have Phil waiting in room four, he is a long time regular and won't be any trouble. If you were able to get me that fast Phil will be a pushover."
As he herded me down the corridor ever closer to door four, all I was thinking was whatever was behind that door it almost certainly involved Jane the very recently ex-virgin getting fucked again. Somehow that thought didn't seem to bother me as much as it would have less than an hour before.