Chapter 1
I have always been an exhibitionist, and I carried my kink into my marriage in my early 20's, but my wife did not find it at all amusing or arousing, so I had to suppress it for the years we were together. Now that I am divorced, and still young enough (39), and fit enough, I can act out my exhibitionism. Here I will describe the most amazing exhibitionist experience of my life to date, and likely the best I will ever have.
I woke to a glorious sunny Fall day, and by mid-afternoon, it was pleasantly warm, with a hint of imminent changing leaves. I knew my plan, so I dressed as follows for a walk in the park: Short t-shirt, sandals, and loose baggy gym shorts with no underwear.
I knew of a section of the park that was separated from the main park by a busy highway interchange. Because it is set off by itself, it gets little use (even though it is quite beautiful), but in early Fall, when the kids are back in school, there is pretty much no one there, so it's a great place to get naked in the outdoors with little chance of getting caught.
I parked my car on the street next to that section of park (a side street off the highway interchange. It is a street lined with old mansions in a nice part of our town.)
I walked the paved path into the park, and then began the slow descent down that path lined with trees and flowers. The path descended to an open area, bright with sun, with a chain link fence, overlooking the highway. I kept a close eye all around me, as this path, in busier times, is sometimes used by bikers, and one could have come around a corner and surprised me at some point. But that didn't happen.
When I felt pretty sure there was no one around, I removed my shorts, and began to wank as I walked. Yes, there was some risk, so I kept my shorts in my left hand while I wanked with the right. The slight warm breeze combined with the risk heightened my arousal. I was hard as a rock, and would sometimes remove my hand and wave my cock from side to side.
I settled at my favorite location, a curved section of the path, surrounded by shade trees, a large oak tree on one side, and a park bench on the other.
I stood before the bench, and stroked until I came, an exhilarating experience when done in public. Since I like to be as naked as long as possible, I kept my shorts off, and walked back toward my car, putting my shorts back on just before arriving at the street. I saw no one during the entire time.
I woke the next morning thinking I had enjoyed myself so much I would do it again, so I did. And then again for 5 days, skipping one day because of rain. Not a soul appeared. This was too easy. I should have realized it couldn't continue this way.
Chapter 2
On the sixth day, I felt confident enough to increase the risk factor. I dressed the same way, but when I got to my favorite spot, I went behind the large oak tree on the other side of the path, removed all my clothes and left them there. I looked around the tree, and seeing no one, I walked across the path, sat on the bench, and started to stroke. Again the warm breeze and the sun were delightful across my cock, and I became very aroused. I didn't even look to see if anyone appeared. I came buckets. After calming down, I walked the path a little, and then returned, dressed, and left.
This started to be a habit that I very much enjoyed. Little did I know what was in store.
On the third day of complete nakedness, sitting on the bench jerking, not even looking around, I sensed something different. I looked to the right, and a very attractive woman of about 35 was approaching me on the path. I panicked. I jumped up, ran across the path, my cock bobbing up and down, went behind the tree, and hurriedly put my shorts and t-shirt back on. My erection was gone by then, shriveled by fear. I could hear the footsteps on the path. They stopped. I was sure I was busted. I waited for what would come next.
"Hey," the woman called, "don't pretend I didn't see you. I did. I will not report you. In fact, I'd like to discuss this experience with you. Get dressed and come out."
As I was already dressed, I rounded the tree, a look of fear on my face. The woman was sitting on the bench at one end, her legs crossed, her hands around her knee. She had a sly smile on her face. She was even more attractive close up, blond hair, a beautiful classic face, piercing eyes, luscious lips, a figure to die for. She was dressed in t-shirt, leggings, and flip-flops, which in no way distracted from the effect.
"Please sit down on the other end of the bench, and we'll talk." I did as I was told.
"Don't be afraid. When I explain myself to you, you will understand. By the way, my name is Claire. Let me start by asking why you wank naked in a public place?"
I responded, "My name is Ron. I don't know if I should be talking to you, or running for my life".
Claire laughed. "Talking to me is the better choice. You'll see."
"OK," I said. "I have always had the kink of exhibitionism, from earliest childhood. I couldn't live that kink when I was married, as my wife found the idea repellent. Now that I am divorced, I am exploring different risky ways of being naked in public. I've never been caught until now."
"Well," responded Claire, "isn't this serendipitous? I am in a marriage in which the sex is, at best, boring as hell. I don't want to cheat on my husband, but masturbating by myself has also gotten hum-drum. Coming upon you like this, your substantial cock bouncing as you crossed the path, instantly aroused me, making me wet, and I thought, hey, voyeurism may be the missing link in my fantasies. Clearly I love watching someone naked engaged in sexual activity. And it's a way to get my needs met without cheating. And this took no more than a few seconds for me to figure out. So this is why I am talking to you."
I was a bit puzzled. "So you're saying that you just discovered that watching someone jerk off is a turn on for you?"
"In a word, yes. I have lots of fantasies, but none has included voyeurism. Suddenly, I find that my juices are flowing just from the thought of what I saw."
"OK, why are you trusting me with these confidences?"
"Oh," she replied, "that's easy. You have a lot more to risk than I do. I can simply turn you in. I've occasionally seen you at the supermarket in passing, and unless you move away tomorrow, I can find you again. This is not a threat, it's just an explanation for why I am confident that I can talk to you without repercussions. Believe me, the excitement I am feeling right now is such that turning you in is the last thing on my mind. Besides, I know that men who expose themselves are not sexual predators, so I feel safe."
"So," I said, "what now?"
"Well, what I'd really like is for you to go behind that tree again, remove your clothes, come back out, stand before me, and beat off while I watch until you cum on the grass."
I thought this woman might be a bit crazy, but the idea she suggested was a monumental turn-on for me, something I had long dreamed of doing. I was hard already, which was obvious through my gym shorts. So what did I do? I got up, went behind the tree, and undressed.
When I was naked, I called out, "are you ready?"
She replied, "ready and eager. Come on out."
I walked out from behind the tree, my very hard cock swinging in front of me. She locked her eyes on it, and said, "I must say, besides my husbands, I haven't seen a hard cock in a very long time and yours looks particularly enticing, a sort of all day sucker, if you will. I am so wet and I want to see you jerk off, now."
I bowed, "Thank you, madam, for your kind words." We both laughed. This woman turned out to be very easy to talk to.
I began stroking. She stared from my cock to my eyes and back again. She remained sitting on the bench with her legs crossed, but I could see her squeezing her legs for stimulation. I could easily have cum in a half minute, but I wanted to prolong the joy. I stroked slowly and lightly, using only one finger and thumb, so that my arousal was more gradual. I have found that this technique allows me to edge for an indefinite period, thus greatly enhancing the final orgasm. Claire was no more than 2 feet in front of me, mesmerized.
"You can cum any time, the sooner the better, or I will lose it completely."
That put me over the edge, so I grabbed my cock hard and pulled with gusto. I closed my eyes tight. I rocked back and forth, thrusting my cock forward, and came hard. When I come from masturbation, I usually moan or am quiet. In this case, I was so turned on by her watching that my body shook with excitement, and I whimpered like a lost kitten. It took 4 or 5 large squirts to finish. I nearly fell over from the shivers that permeated my body. As I came down, I opened my eyes, and she had a look of elation on her face.
She was breathing heavily. "That was one of the sexiest things I have ever experienced. If I weren't committed to my marriage, I'd have sex with you right now, or maybe in 10 minutes after you recover. See, look what you've done to me."
She uncrossed her legs, and spread them. There was a 5 or 6" wet spot on the leggings right over her pussy. There might have been a cameltoe, but it could just have been wishful thinking on my part. She looked into my eyes as they widened.
She then recrossed her legs and said, "Don't worry about me. I will take care of my arousal later."
I didn't know what to say, so I said nothing.
"OK," she said, "Please get dressed again, and come sit with me." I did.
Chapter 3
She resumed the conversation this way, "Look, I know this is absolutely loony, as we have just met, but I can see that you love to beat off for me, and I'm sure you could tell from my soaked leggings that I love to watch you, so it's a match made in erotic heaven. I'd like to meet you here again tomorrow, same time. You get behind the tree, get naked, and when you hear me arrive, and sit on the bench, wait about a half minute, and then come out, cock swinging. This will be our secret, that no one else need know about. Agreed?"
How could I refuse such an offer? "I'll be here," I said.
I awoke next day in a heightened state of anticipation. Was I sure that Claire would not arrive with a policeman? Was I sure she didn't want to go further with me, given how turned on she was? Was I eager to get back to the park and do it again? Damn right I was.
I arrived at the appointed time. I went behind the tree, removed my clothes, and started my jerk, oh so slowly. I heard footsteps coming closer, then they stopped. I was so excited to see Claire again and masturbate for her. I waited about a half minute, and came around the side of the tree. There was Claire in the same exact position as yesterday.
She smiled broadly, and said, "So nice to see you, and I do mean all of you." I smiled back, all the while pulling my cock and pointing it at her. Our session resembled yesterday's, except she kept her legs far apart, and I could watch her leggings get gradually wetter and wetter. It was a real turn on for me.
This became a daily event for both of us. When I was done showing off for her, we would sit on the bench together for sometimes as long as an hour. We became intimate friends, telling each other our life stories, our loves, our passions, our fears, our sorrows. We discussed family, children, work, love, friendship, education, sexual experiences, and every other imaginable topic. I began to become deeply connected to Claire beyond our mutual sexual needs. It was a little scary, but I couldn't stop myself.
As we became closer, I began to dress more nicely, slim linen zippered shorts with no underwear so she could see the outline of my cock. She too began to wear frilly blouses, very short skirts, and who knows what underneath.
After one of our early sessions, I sat on the bench and asked her how she could stand being so aroused and doing nothing about it.
"Ha," she laughed, "I go home and masturbate 2 or 3 times until I go to bed. My husband Ben doesn't know, and frankly, even if he did, he wouldn't care. And this is masturbation that is far better than any I've experienced before, because it's not about fantasy, it's about the reality I am having with you. The other night I woke at 3 a.m. to pee. I thought of you, and instantly became wet. I peed, then removed my panties and t-shirt, tiptoed back into the bedroom, carrying them with me. As the nightlight from the bathroom cast enough illumination, I was able to admire my naked body in the mirror. I thought, this body is wasted on Ben. I sat on the chair by my side of the bed. Ben was snoring as usual. I dropped the top and panties by the chair. I started to rub my clit, fingering my insides, thinking of you the whole time, and it only took a minute for me to come intensely. It was made all the more powerful by the fact that I had to remain absolutely silent. When I came down from the high, I put my top and panties back on, and went back to bed. I slept like a baby."
Some days I added variety. I came out from behind the tree with my shorts still on, my dick pointing straight out from the front. Claire hooted and seemed to love the surprise. I came right up to her, pointed slightly away from her face, and came quickly. She actually applauded. I bowed gracefully and thanked her for her attention. We both laughed.
Once I stood on the bench, jerking for her. She moved closer and wrapped her hand around my member. She was as surprised as I was. Her warm, soft, feminine hands massaged gently, rubbing my balls, then focusing on the glans, then rubbing the whole length. I lasted no more than a minute, and shot a load over the back of the bench that must have gone 3 feet.
Claire said, "I don't know what got into me. That was a one-off, so don't expect it again.". I didn't, but I sure did think about it for many days afterward.
Chapter 4
One day I heard Claire arrive, and came out from behind the tree, cock swinging. There was Claire on the bench, but to my horror, there was another woman standing next to her. I yelped, and put both hands over my stiff cock.
"What the fuck?" I yelled. "I thought this was our secret. Am I suddenly a circus freak, for all to see?" I was pissed, and had my hands over my hardon.
Claire said, "Relax, Ron. This is my best friend, Evie. She and I share everything with each other, including a good deal of lesbian experimentation when we were in college together. She is even better at keeping a secret than I am. She too is in a boring marriage, doesn't want to cheat on her husband, and so I thought it would be OK to include her. Since you are an exhibitionist, this should double your pleasure."
"It's delightful to meet you," said Evie. "Both your reputation and your cock precede you." Despite the complete weirdness of the scene, all 3 of us started to laugh. In the presence of two very attractive women, and Evie's obvious flirtation, I was hard as a rock.
Evie was as attractive as Claire in a different way. More the wholesome girl-next-door look, except she was voluptuous. Her tits were bigger than Claire's, and perfectly shaped. It was difficult not to stare at them.
I still had my hands over my cock. "So I take it you both want a show?"
"Yes, we do," they announced simultaneously.
I removed my hands. I looked at Evie. Her eyes widened slightly. So it was now or never.
I started to stroke, both women watching me intently. Evie had remained standing, and soon I noticed that her eyes were glazing over. She appeared to be in some sort of erotic trance.
As I stroked, Evie reached up to her neck and began to unbutton her white blouse. One button at a time, slowly. This was a shock to me, but I was not about to comment.
When she reached the last button, she began to remove her blouse, then she shook her head, opened her eyes wide, and said, "Oh my god." She quickly buttoned up, which disappointed me greatly. She was blushing.
Claire said, "What was that about?"
Evie answered, "Just a brief moment of insanity. Glad I caught myself." Claire frowned from disappointment.
Evie and Claire returned their eyes to my cock, which of course loved the attention. I found myself wanting to perform more than just a jack off. So I began to dance around the bench, around Evie, and back to where I started. I laid on the ground, arched my back, and stuck my cock straight up in the air, all the while rubbing. I then stood up on the bench with my pecker pointing over the back of the bench. Claire moved to within 6" of my cock. She could see everything close up, but didn't touch. I was ready. I looked over to the women to be sure they were watching, then I arched my back and came with gusto. This time I shuddered a bit, and groaned. They seemed to like that.
"That was lovely," said Claire.
"I agree," said Evie.
"Thank you," I said. How utterly civilized we sounded.
I got down from the bench, went behind the tree, and got dressed. When I came out, Claire and Evie were both sitting on the bench, legs crossed.
Evie said, "Claire told me of her reaction to your display. Check this out". She uncrossed her legs and opened wide. Again, a large patch of moisture on her leggings, right in front of her pussy. I smiled, but didn't say anything.
"This is by way of encouragement," said Evie.
"Well," I said, "I love that I can do that to you, and yes I know you won't tell me how you plan to deal with your little dilemma."
"Correct," said Evie, who then smiled broadly.
Not to be outdone, Claire pulled her skirt up. She had on plain white panties, which were soaked, and a cameltoe with swollen lips and a nice slit between them. She looked into my eyes. I said nothing, just smiled.
"Claire, are we on again for tomorrow, and will Evie come along?"
"Yes, and yes. See you then." Both women got up and strolled away without looking back.
Chapter 5
Next day, same time, same place. Both women seemed eager. Both sat on the bench this time. I came out swinging, so to speak. As I got more aroused, Evie got that glazed look again, and started to unbutton her blouse. This time, however, when she reached the last button, she removed her blouse. Underneath was a lovely black sports bra with a gorgeous set of tits inside of it, spilling a little over the top. Then she surprised me by standing up and simply grabbing the bra, pulling it over her head, and tossing it aside. Did I say earlier that her tits were gorgeous? I am understating the effect. They were spectacular, large and soft and round, but also perky, with big, erect nipples, and just a tiny amount of sag that gave them a quality that cried out to be touched and fondled.
She began to massage her breasts, still looking at my throbbing cock. Claire looked over at Evie and didn't seem the least bit surprised.
"She's always been the wilder of the two of us. This behavior is right up her alley, so to speak." I laughed.
Soon, Evie reached down with her right hand to the front of her very tight black leggings, which were wet and in which I could definitely see a cameltoe, which means she had no panties on. She began to slowly rub her cunt from the outside, and continued to massage her breast with her left hand. By now she was in a complete trance of carnal bliss, completely unaware of her surroundings except for her laser stare at my cock.
I was enjoying this show as much as they were enjoying my show. We were all getting damn worked up.
Evie reached inside her leggings and began to seriously rub. She became aroused enough, and even more oblivious of her surroundings, that she removed her hand, kicked off her flip flops, and essentially ripped the leggings off her body. Yep, no panties. She stood again, facing me, completely naked. Her pussy was beautiful, full lips, a nice landing strip effect with her pubic hair, and a space between her legs so that if I were walking behind her naked ass, I'm sure her pussy was of the peekaboo variety. She started rubbing vigorously.
I walked a little closer to Evie and squatted down. I reached behind me, ran my hand up between my legs, and wanked from behind, the other hand holding me up from the ground. This is one of my favorite positions, and it seemed to really turn Evie on.
Her breathing got heavy and rapid. Her body undulated. She rubbed her clit rapidly, in figure 8's. I glanced at Claire and she was looking back and forth between Evie and me. I was so aroused I could not control myself. I came with a scream.
Evie came at the same time, as I could hear her bellow, "Oh, god, oh, god."
Evie fell to the ground, moaning her ecstasy. I cried out, "Are you all right?"
She laughed and responded, "I'm way better than all right. I think I've achieved Nirvana." Wow. Evie was not only a flirt, but also very funny.
Poor Claire looked like she had seen ghost. I could see her struggling not to touch herself. She kept her hands away, but just barely.
"Ladies, that was the most glorious sexual experience I have ever had. I do hope we can continue to meet."
"Of course," said Claire. "See you here tomorrow."
Chapter 6
The next day, when I appeared from behind the tree, only Claire was there.
"Where's Evie," I asked.
"She is distressed about what happened yesterday, so she didn't come with me. She feels terrible, but her self control is not nearly as good as mine, as you saw, so she is afraid of what she might do beyond getting naked and masturbating for you. Like jumping your bones. So today, you can perform for me alone. I would like that."
So I did. But something was off. Claire had a sadness about her that made me self-conscious, as though my masturbation was out of line, imposing on her space, her psyche unwilling to participate. I finished anyway, and then got dressed. I sat down next to her, and asked her what was wrong.
"What happened yesterday with Evie was so hot and so scary at the same time. It made me realize something. I think I'm getting very attached to our kinky behavior together, more attached than I have been willing to admit. There's a fine line between being in lust and being in love. I'm afraid I may be starting to cross that line. I have a husband and 2 children, and I cannot risk breaking up our marriage. So, with deep sadness in my heart, I must beg you to allow this to be our last get together."
I was stunned. Claire had become a very big part of my life, in fact the complete focus, and I didn't want to lose it. But I did understand her predicament.
"I'm afraid there is some truth to what you say. I am also beginning to feel that I could be in love with you, and since that's not possible, you are probably right that we should end it. But I'm going to be heartbroken for a long time."
Claire had tears in her eyes. I felt a lump in my throat.
"Shall I stop coming here?" I asked. "No," she said, "I'll start taking my walks elsewhere, but I won't tell you where."
Claire then said, "Before we part, I owe you something that I've wanted to do since the beginning." She got up, reached under her short skirt, and slowly pulled her white panties down her legs. She kicked them off, looked me in the eyes, sat down, and spread her legs. I gasped. A beautiful pussy, with a heart shaped patch of hair above it. I giggled.
"Don't laugh," she said as she herself laughed.
"No, no, I think it's absolutely adorable. In fact, your cunt rivals in beauty the greatest works of art in the Louvre."
She smiled. "I do love the word cunt. I've wanted to bring myself off for you, so now is the time for you to watch me instead of the reverse."
This was a switch, but one I knew I'd love, although with a sorrowful heart. Claire was so wet that I could hear the squishing sound as she rubbed, moisture running down her legs. Her eyes closed, she moaned, her body rocked back and forth, her breathing became fast and shallow, her hand movement over her clit increased rapidly. She suddenly arched her back, and screamed.
"I'm coming, I'm coming", and then did.
It was such a beautiful sight, watching the woman I was starting to love make love to herself. I started to get tears in my eyes again, but managed to hold back.
Claire's breathing returned to normal. She slowly stood up, retrieved her panties, and put them in the pocket of her skirt. She moved close to me.
We looked into each other's eyes for a short time, saying nothing, then came together in a desperate hug of finality. I wanted so much to kiss her, but I knew that would just make it worse. So we ended our hug. Claire backed away, waved, and turned to go. That was the last time I ever saw her in the intimate way we had.
I never saw Evie again, but in the next few months I twice passed Claire in the supermarket. We both pretended we didn't see each other, but as we passed within 6 inches of each other, I brushed her hand. I felt high voltage electricity. I'm sure she did too.
I had the greatest urge to cry out, "Please, Claire, I can't live without you," but this would have been totally weird in the middle of a busy supermarket, so I didn't. That I held back haunted me for a long time.
My life went on, of course. I continued to take exhibitionistic risks, but it was never the same. Wherever I went to beat off publicly, I couldn't stop thinking of Claire. And I began to worry that the next person around the bend might turn me in for indecent behavior, so I became more nervous with each passing escapade. I started to think that maybe, just maybe, I could meet someone like Claire who was unattached and would want to enter into a mutually satisfying exhibitionist/voyeur relationship. And I knew that what I was doing was probably no way to meet a person that I could live with for the rest of my life. So finally, I just gave it up. I signed up for one of the dating sites, and my life, sadly, became normal. Oh, how I miss the kinky stuff. I dearly hope to meet someone online who will share my passion, and we can live happily ever. Yeah, I know it's just a dream, but it keeps me going.