This is the story of an older couple who shared building a business but ran into trouble with their relationship and are getting back together but in a more open manner.
In Part 3 Angie met Bob's first challenges.
Edited by WindySwimming
Bob takes Angie to Gunnison beach
Bob was up first, showered and started breakfast.
"Good morning sleepy head," Bob said as Angie joined him. "How about breakfast? I wanted something light after last night's feast so I just fixed coffee, toast, fruit and yogurt. Is that ok?"
"Sounds good."
"We need to be on our way," Bob instructed. "We are going to the beach today."
"The beach, which beach?" Angie asked.
"Oh you will find out. Wear swimsuit, shorts and I think maybe one of my old white dress shirts, and comfortable shoes. We need lots of sunscreen, towels and blanket. Let's bring the strongest sunscreen we have for me."
Angie turns a nice olive color with a little sun. Her biggest concern was to not get too dark. Bob had a lighter complexion and needed to be more careful.
Angie smiled and ate quickly, dressed, and put the stuff Bob indicated in a bag. Bob showered and put on a swimsuit, baggy shorts and a tee shirt. Edward was waiting for them in the lobby wearing shorts, tee shirt and beach shoes talking to the door man.
"Good morning, Mr and Mrs Hall," Edward greeted them.
"Good morning Edward," they both said as they got in the car.
As they were leaving town Angie asked, "Where are we going? This looks like the way to the Jersey shore."
"It is."
"You know I do need a better swimsuit. This one makes me look old."
"It doesn't make you look old but we do need to replace it."
After about an hour and a half they arrived at Gunnison Beach. Edward pulled up to a spot with a traffic cone very close to the entry of the beach. Next to the cones was a big white truck with three men sitting on the tail gate. One of the men moved the parking cone and Edward pulled in. He got out and hugged each of the guys. They were all slim well-built men, wearing speedos and beach sandals. All three had longish hair but hairless bodies. For lack of a better description they were pretty.
"Ok guys let me introduce Mr and Mrs Hall," Edward said to the three men. "This is Ernest, Ernesto, and Charles." Ernest removed his tee shirt. Ernest was a heavily muscle black man about as tall as Angie. Ernesto was Hispanic about the same height as Ernest. Charles and Edward were about six feet tall. All four had six pack abs and obviously gym rats.
"Mr and Mrs Hall you may want to lose your shoes here and wear these beach shoes," Edward said pointing to some pull on with rubber soles and mesh tops.
"Ok guys grab something and let's go," Edward said as he opened the truck of the limo.
There was a lot of stuff coming out of the truck including a large ice chest that Ernest and Ernesto carried, lawn chairs, and bags of stuff. Angie and Bob had their own bag with blankets, towels and the like. It was obviously an all-day event.
Almost immediately Angie saw a sign that said, "Entering Clothing Optional Area."
"Well I am no longer concerned about my old fashioned swim suit," Angie said smiling with some trepidation.
The next sign said, "Beware Nude Sunbathers."
Edward led the way to a cabana set on the boundary of the beach furthest from the water. There was a boardwalk directly behind it. There was a sign on the cabana that said, "Occupied by the Halls. Trespass at your own risk." The top and back of the cabana was made of white tarp material over a light metal frame. The two sides were a mesh material. The front a thin material pulled to the sides. This setup gave a little privacy but clear view of the beach and ocean while catching the cooling ocean breezes.
"This is yours for the day," Edward said. "Ernest and Ernesto rent these out by the day. I have taken care of their fee. The chest is full of water, beer and a bottle of white wine. There are also some snacks and sandwiches. Glasses, eating utensils, towels, beach covers, and other items are in this bag. Can you think of anything else you may need?"
"No, I think you have taken care of everything I could imagine," Bob said as Angie agreed.
"Then time to go native," Edward said smiling. The guys had their speedos off before Bob and Angie moved. They took Bob and Angie's clothes as they removed them and placed them in another bag. "Get the sunscreen," Edward said. "It is important to keep putting the sunscreen on about every hour and make sure your face is covered well. Bob you need to be particularly careful but Mrs H you look like you are already tan. Mind if I call you Mrs H?"
The guys hardly looked her nude body.
"I was going to say call me Angie, but I like Mrs H. But do you call Bob Mr H?"
Edward smiled at Bob saying, "Yes, I do around friends."
Before Angie knew what was happening Edward had taken her bottle of sunscreen squirted her front rubbing from the top. He handed the bottle to Charles who squirted sunscreen across her back. Edward gently rubbed her shoulders and arm while Charles did her upper back. Angie realized that Ernest and Ernesto were doing Bob the same way. Bob did not look particularly comfortable with this but did not say anything. Edward squirted a big glob on one of her giant orbs and started rubbing each in a circular motion till he got to her areola. He took some in his hands and made sure it was covered with an extra thick layer.
"You take the sun well but be careful not to burn your nipples," Edward instructed. Angie shook her head in acknowledgement. She could not help herself; she was getting excited. Charles had progressed to her ass where he was kneading lotion onto her big ass. He spread over each cheek and made sure to cover in the crease. Edward squirted a stream across the top of her pussy and rubbed from her thighs to her navel. He then took a dollop in his hand and spread her legs a little and rubbed the lotion in from her stomach to the crease of her ass. "This is the area to assure is well covered in lotion. Your pussy lips get sunburned more easily than the rest of you. Trust me I have seen it enough times." Angie now wanted to be fucked.
They finished on their knees doing Angie's legs. Charles took her sunscreen and placed it in their beach bag as Edward handed her his sunscreen. "Now my turn." Angie and Bob had now figured out that Gunnison beach was a friendly place with few limits. Angie repeated what had been done for her on Edward. She was on her knees when she got to his privates Edward said, "Make sure my bad boy and adornments are covered nicely. This is the area where we are most vulnerable." Angie squirted a big glob on her hand and stroked over the length of his semi hard penis and tip. As she was doing this Charles was covering his ass and legs. She took another glob and rubbed on his hanging testicles.
As she finished she leaned back on her haunches, looked up at Edward and asked, "How was that?"
"I believe that did the job. Thank you Mrs H. Now let's do Charles. You take his back."
Angie looked over at Bob who was now doing Ernesto's back and they smiled each over and shrugged. Charles dick was hard as Edward greased it and his balls. He then gave it a pat and said, "Down boy, you're in mixed company."
Charles looked at Angie and said, "Sorry, ma'am. But a bad boy will be bad."
Angie laughed and said, "That has always been my experience."
They realized that a young black police officer was watching them. Ernest reached out his hand and said, "Hi, Officer Blake, these are my friends Mr and Mrs Hall. They are here to enjoy our beach. Can you make sure they are protected today?"
Officer Blake smiled, slipped the hundred-dollar bill in his pocket and reached out his hand to Bob saying, "Mr Hall I will be happy to watch your cabana. You are free to do whatever you want on my portion of the beach within reason."
"Thank you Officer Blake. We appreciate your service," Bob said as he extended his hand to shake. After they shook Bob got his wallet and added another hundred to Officer's Blake's palm.
"Yes sir Mr Hall. You do whatever you want, I will have your back. Ma'am you have fun today and let me know if there is anything I can do for you."
"I will Officer," Angie said with a big smile. "Thanks." Officer Wilson nodded and went to a position not far from the cabana but on the town side of the boardwalk giving him a full view of the beach.
Ernest said, "The extra hundred was not necessary but in New Jersey more will get you more. The only thing you can't do now is rape someone."
There heard singing coming form down the beach. Angie and Bob looked down the beach and realized it was coming from a large tent with all four sides open. Edward said, "Ok boys time for church. There is a church service on the beach that we go to most Sundays, you are welcomed to join us. It is non-denominational but follows theEpiscopal Prayer Book."
Bob looked at Angie to see what she wanted to do. It had been some time since they had been to church but they were Episcopalian. Bob and Angie both thought,It might be good for our relationship to share this. Besides we have to see this.
Without speaking Bob knew Angie was thinking the same thing, "We would be happy to join you." Bob picked up the bag with their clothes just in case and followed the boys to the tent. There were folding chairs with an aisle down the middle. The service bulletin was laying on the chairs under a hymnal. The front left side was obviously the gay and lesbian section with about twenty of the fifty attendees seated there. There were three lesbian couples, while the remainder were men. There was a little over thirty straights mostly couples. Bob and Angie sat in the back row left side next to a very attractive black couple. They were the only people on this row with the other rows almost full.
The service began as the song leader announced the processional song. The congregation sang, a female priest and two male lay service people marched down the aisle. The priest was wearing a white robe with the proper vestments while the two lay people were nude. The priests robe was very thin and nearly transparent. She was older and overweight. It was one of the oddest things Angie and Bob had ever seen.
The service went as normal with readings and a short homily. The homily's theme was about accepting people's differences. Then came the peace. At the peace it is normal to shake hands and say, "Peace be to God," or some variant with the people around you. Here there was much more joy and everyone hugged everyone else. In the commotion they lost track of who was gay and who was not and for that matter, who grabbed your ass. Angie realized she had been groped more than a few times.
The black couple introduced themselves at the peace as Shanice and DeShawn Jones. She looked like a darker version of Meg Ryan only with a large and muscular nicely shaped butt and legs. Her color was only slightly darker than Angie's olive skin. Bob thought her butt was her best feature along with eyes that were very alive. She was five foot four and had perky C cup breasts. She was very striking and absolutely sexy.
DeShawn was a large muscular man that Angie thought had to be an athlete. He was as tall a Bob but far more muscular, with muscles that ran across his stomach, from his sides to his groin, and very muscular legs. He had to weigh 230 pounds. He was a handsome man even with no hair on his head. Sort of an LL Cool J type.
The collection plate was passed with Bob putting five hundred in the plate. Angie noticed that DeShawn put in a couple hundred. Angie was sure DeShawn noticed Bob's donation. The service followed the standard Episcopal liturgy, ending with a processional of the priests and servers marching down the aisle to the back as the congregation sang.
Bob and Angie could not sing very well but Shanice and DeShawn could really sing.
As the song finished, Bob looked at DeShawn saying, "Man you guys can really sing."
DeShawn said, "Thank you, are you guys from around here?"
"We live in Manhattan. You?" They stepped out to the side.
"We live in Newark," DeShawn answered. "Probably takes you only a little longer to get here than us. Is this your first time?"
"Yes, it is," chimed in Angie. Before she could ask anything else, Edward and the boys came up.
"Sorry to interrupt but we are going to our section of the beach," Edward said. "We will be in that direction. Mr H just text me when you are ready to go or need anything. The guys tell me there is a big barbeque going on in the gay section of the beach if you want to join us for lunch."
Bob looked at Angie, DeShawn and Shanice, "You guys want to find a restaurant where we can sit down in the shade and enjoy a meal?"
DeShawn looked at Shanice who said, "That sounds good to me."
DeShawn shook his head yes. Edward smiled and said, "Sometime this afternoon you should come see how the other half lives. I think you would find it interesting."
"We will do that," Angie answered for Bob who nodded his approval.
"There is a small open air restaurant that serves a great hoagie and cold beer. Make sure to try their cold slaw. Take the boardwalk, it will be an easier walk."
"Sounds good," Bob said.
The boys walked off. As they did the priest came up now not wearing anything. She said, "I am so glad the four of you came to the service today. I hoped you enjoyed it."
Shanice spoke with one of the sexiest voices Bob and Angie had heard, "DeShawn and I certainly did. My name is Shanice but most people call me Shan. This is Bob and Angie."
"Have you known each other long?" the priest asked?
"Just met at the service," Angie said. "But something tells me we are going to be good friends." Shan smiled at Angie and shook her head in the affirmative.
"My name is Mildred," the priest said, "If you must Reverend Mulholland but I really prefer Mildred."
"Good to meet you Mildred," Angie and Shan said in unison.
"Please come back to Gunnison Beach and our service anytime," Mildred said. "Can I borrow the boys for just a minute?"
"Sure," again Angie and Shan said in unison, Angie put an arm around Shan and they both giggled.
Mildred took Bob and DeShawn by the arms, walked them some little ways off and held on to them as she said a few words followed by a quiet prayer.
"I wonder what that is about?" Shan asked.
"No idea." As she finished her prayer, hugged both these tall good looking men and they walked back to Shan and Angie.
Mildred said, "May God bless you all." She turned and left.
After Mildred was out of ear shot Shan asked, "What was that about?"
"She wanted to thank us for our contribution," DeShawn answered. "She then said a prayer to bless the gift and us and described how important she thought this ministry was, mainly bringing religion to people who usually are excluded. I don't know about Bob but it made me feel good to be here."
"I agree," Bob said.
"Now I am starving," DeShawn said as he rubbed his stomach. "I am a big boy and I need to eat." It was almost one o'clock so they were all hungry.
As Angie looked at DeShawn she saw a really big ripped boy. It was probably an illusion but she thought his dick was hanging down a third of the way to his knee. It was a monster flaccid, she could not imagine what it looked like hard and excited. The thought made her groin twitch. She imagined being ravaged by this giant. She also wondered how Shan took this. She was not big except her butt. She also noticed Bob looking Shan up and down and could feel DeShawn's eye looking her up and down. Shan had her pubic hair waxed except for a heart shaped patch just above her slit and pointing down to it. The thick curly hair was trimmed short and died purple.
Bob broke the stares they were all in when he demanded, "Let's go find that restaurant or we will have to get rescued." So they went on their way with Bob and DeShawn in front followed by Angie and Shan.
As they were walking and talking they found out they did have a lot in common. DeShawn a few years older than Shan, DeShawn was an accountant with a MBA, Shan was an English teacher, and no children. When Bob found out DeShawn was an accountant he asked, "What firm?"
"I started a firm located in Newark a few years ago," DeShawn said with pride. "You."
"Angie and I started a firm located in Manhattan over twenty years ago."
"Did you say your last name is Hall?" DeShawn asked.
"That's right."
"Don't tell me you are the primary in Hall Partners, LLP," DeShawn said with his eyes open wide.
"That's us," Bob said. "How did you know?"
"I studied how you started up," DeShawn said, "hoping it would help me and it has. I hate to ask this but would you mind spending part of your Sunday discussing business."
"We just lost them," Shan said to Angie.
"Yes we have but let's give them a little room. I am interested in finding out more about you. I love how you do your pubic hair."
Shan reached down and touched the heart saying, "Thanks, what do you think of the purple?"
"I like it," Angie answered. "Do you change the color?"
"Yes, often," Shan smiled. "I like to keep it interesting for DeShawn. He never knows what he will find when he opens the package."
Wow!" Angie exclaimed. "That sounds like a good idea. I had laser treatment on my pubic area some time ago making it bald. I was glad I did because my bush was very thick, black and ugly. I never thought of doing something like you did."
Shan answered, "You have a beautiful pussy. Those fat lips are very sexy. Men stare at you all the time. I wax so it takes some effort to have it look like this. Of course being black my hair is thick, dark and curly like you described. Without doing something, I don't like how it looks. However, I like how this look."
They were coming up to the restaurant so Angie and Shan stopped that discussion, as Bob said, "Here is the restaurant. How does this look?"
They all agreed this looked okay.
Most people were wearing a shirt so they also but on shirts but did not bother with buttoning them up.
As they were seated Bob asked the girls, "You girls seemed to be talking up a storm. What have you girls been talking about?"
Shan and Angie looked at each other smiled, Shan said, "Girl stuff."
Bob nodded. DeShawn and Bob had beer while Shan and Angie shared a bottle of white wine that was not great but did the job of giving them a buzz.
The guys talked mainly about business while Angie and Shan found out a lot about their families and more personal things. With the wine was finished they decided it was time to go back. DeShawn and Bob had lost count of how many beers they had.
"We have a cabana set up," Bob announced. "You guys want to join us and enjoy the rest of the day with us?" Bob asked. "After all we came to enjoy the beach."
"That sounds good to us," Shan and DeShawn said. They removed their shirts and headed back to the cabana with Angie and Shan walking in front. Angie did not have to look back to know DeShawn was staring at her prominent ass and Bob was studying Shan. Bob was fantasizing about fucking this black beauty.
The conversation continued all the way to the cabana. When they got there DeShawn said, "Let us go get our stuff if you guys are serious about sharing your spot. You really have a good set up here."
"We seriously want you to join us," Angie said without giving Bob a chance to veto. Bob smiled to himself as he had observed Angie looking at DeShawn's massive dick.
As they were out of ear shot Bob asked, "Think you can take it?"
Before Angie thought she said, "I sure want to try!" She immediately but her hand over her mouth with surprise. Bob laughed hard. She said laughing, "Did I say that out loud?"
"Yes you did, Penelope. If you can take it, you will be that much closer to being released from your indentured servitude. I have to admit I want to fuck that sexy beauty."
"I understand why," Angie said. "We agree that at the end of the day we go home together and be in love."
"That is the deal." Bob took Angie in his arm and hugged his naked wife, deep kissed her, and said, "I really love the new Angie. She is the girl I want to grow old with."
"I like her too. She is having a lot more fun."
Shan and DeShawn came back with a beach umbrella, two folding chairs and a bag of stuff. DeShawn put up the umbrella to block to sun coming in the side of the cabana, set up the chairs beside Bob and Angie's lounge chairs, took out sunscreen and sat down.
Bob sat in his lounge chair and grabbed their sunscreen. "We need to reapply our sunscreen. Even in this shade it will burn you." It was now after three and the sun was beginning to be less intense. The temperature and breeze made it a very pleasant day.
Bob squirted some in his hand and put it on his face. The other three followed his lead. He then spread it on his chest. Shan was now kneading her tits making them glisten. Angie did the same. Bob could not keep his eye off Shan and DeShawn was definitely watching Angie knead her big tits. Angie took a small amount in her hands and lightly circled her areola ending with her nipples. She laid her head back and pinch her nipples in a very suggestive way. She saw out of the corner of her eyes that Shan was doing the same thing.
Angie was in a trance when she heard DeShawn ask Bob, "Can I help Angie apply her sunscreen? It looks like a big job."
"Only if you let me help your struggling beauty," Bob answered.
"Good with me," DeShawn answered. "It does look like she needs some help." DeShawn's dick was hard enough now to hang a weight off it. It was impressive both in length and girth. Angie was not sure she could handle it. DeShawn knelt in front of her, took the sunscreen and spread more on her chest and continued the assault on her nipples. Bob was between Shan legs as she sat in the chair and kneaded her perky breasts.
Shan was beginning to moan. Bob said, "Let's move the chair back in the cabana a little." Angie got off the chase lounge and took DeShawn's chair back in the cabana as Shan did. This gave a sense of privacy but it was a false sense. Many people on the beach had already observed this pair of attractive couples about to fuck and had positioned to watch.
DeShawn took in a large amount of Angie's mammary in his mouth. His mouth was larger than Bob and could take more in. It felt so good to Angie. While he was doing this he was putting sunscreen on her legs. He rocked back, squirted sunscreen on Angie's stomach, rubbing it over her pussy. Angie looked over at Bob and he was performing cunnilingus on Shan. Her head was back with eyes closed and enjoying Bob's skill at this act. DeShawn slipped his finger in Angie now convulsing pussy. He took about half a mammary in his mouth. That felt so good to Angie. His one finger was enough to half fill her pussy. Then he added a second finger. He was pressing on the sensitive portion of her. Angie opened her eyes a little and saw they had an audience. That did not matter to her.
Shan had turned around with her torso on her chair back with Bob licking from her ample ass to her tight pussy. Her ass was glistening from the lotion he had placed on her. Bob began to slow his movements with his hard penis up and down her ass and pussy. He positioned his dick at the entrance to her pleasure hole. Angie could see the wetness running down her legs just as she could feel on her own legs.
DeShawn was also slowing his finger work in Angie's wetness. He positioned his massive dick at the entrance and slowly moved forward. He said, "Let me know when it hurts. I have to be careful not to give you too much of my meat at first." Angie could just moan. He thought that was a good sign so he pushed in a little more. As he was half into her he stopped and whispered, "How is that?"
Angie managed, "That is wonder ... ah, wonderful." DeShawn pulled out slowly to where the tip was all that was left in. He then pushed back in to half again and took one of nipples in her mouth and lightly took it between his teeth and tongued it. He felt a spasm at the depth of her pussy. He slowly slid his meat in until he felt some resistance. There was about two inches left to go. He started a rhythm back and forth from almost all out to where he felt resistance.
"Angie, how does that feel?"
"It feels, it feels, I can't describe it."
Bob was pounding away at Shan poor little pussy. He was kneading her ass cheeks. Pushing them together and releasing. He seemed to enjoy the sight of her magnificent ass jiggle. She was moaning her appreciation and they were clearly enjoying this pleasure.
Angie took DeShawn's hips and said, "Let me take it all." He allowed her to control of his pace and depth. She raised her hip slightly so that DeShawn's dick had a straighter shot up her hole. Once so positioned, she pulled DeShawn up and into her all the way. Her vagina barely had enough room to hold it but she did. She held him there until DeShawn could feel another convulsion. "Fuck me hard. My pussy feels so full."
Bob was coming in Shan while holding onto a large hunk of each cheek in his hands and pulling back hard. After he had calmed a little he looked over to see DeShawn's dick all the way up Angie's pussy. He whispered to Shan, "I did not think she could take it all."
"It took me a year to get it all in so I am surprised she did the first time."
After being told to fuck her hard, DeShawn picked up the pace and force. He was slapping her hard with each stroke in. He made about ten cycles before saying, "Here it comes Angie, you want me to pull out?"
"I want every inch of your dick and every ounce of your fluid deep inside me." DeShawn held his dick as deep in her as he could and ejaculated in an area she had not felt before. DeShawn then stroked her a few more times to give her one more orgasm.
Angie feel back into the chair with DeShawn still in her. Bob was cuddling Shan sitting on the floor of the cabana foundling her tits watching DeShawn and Angie finish. There were about twenty people standing about ten feet away watching. After an appropriate period of time they clapped, saying, "Bravo," and then dispersed.
That brought Angie back to consciousness. DeShawn looked over at Shan, kissed her deeply while Bob was still fondling her tits. Bob got up and lifted Angie from the chair and kissed her deeply. He whispered, "I can't believe you took DeShawn massive meat. You are my beautiful whore."
"Did I make you proud?"
"Very much," Bob said.
The four of them after a little recover time, organized the cabana to enjoy the rest of the afternoon. Bob and DeShawn took DeShawn's two lawn chairs and set them close together on the left front of the cabana facing the beach while Angie and Shan placed the two lounge chairs close together on the right side. They all wanted to enjoy the scenery and talk. The sun was getting lower so the shadows made the scene really pretty. There were people of all shapes and sizes. Most people would agree that the four of them were the most attractive and sexiest couples on the beach.
Angie before she sat asked Shan, "Want some wine? We have a nice chilled white."
"Absolutely," Shan answered, "that romp completely wore off my lunch buzz. Let me help you."
The boys were already seated and watching the crowd. Shan asked, "Can I bring you guys a beer?"
"Yes!" they both answered.
"That exercise made me thirsty," Bob said looking back at the girls. He then whispered to DeShawn, "We are lucky SOB's. You know that?"
"I do."
Shan held a beer out for DeShawn with her pussy located at exactly his mouth high. He wrapped his arm around her ass and pulled her to him, kissed her navel and said, "Thank you baby. Are you having a good time?"
She smiled looking at Bob saying, "I am having a great time. I am very satisfied with the entertainment."
Shan then walked around to Bob, bent over a little handing him a beer saying, "Here you go lover boy."
Before Bob took it he reached his hand up and brushed across her heart shaped public hair and asked, "Have I told you how much I like your purple heart? It is beautiful." He let his hand linger on the top of her slit. Shan made no move until he was finished with this prolonged grope.
"Thank you Mr Hall," Shan cooed. "So glad you like my pussy." Shan gave him a 'yes you are going to get it again' look.
Angie and Shan took their glass of wine to their lounge chairs, sat down and laid back at about a 45-degree angle, relaxed and sipped their wine.
"This is better wine than the restaurant," Shan said.
Bob and DeShawn went back to talking business and politics. Angie and Shan discussed teaching. They were both talking low enough to not hear each other.
Officer Blake walked up and asked, "How are you enjoying our beach?"
"We are having a great time officer. Is everything ok?" Bob answered.
"Everything is fine. I go off duty at six and a new guy comes on. I was just wondering if you would want to stay past six. If so I will introduce you to the next shift."
"Thanks for thinking of us but we will leave about six. I have to work tomorrow. What time is it now?"
"It is almost five. You guys come back anytime. It was a pleasure to serve you today. Like I said I will be here until six."
"Thank you officer," Angie said, standing and giving Officer Blake a hug and kiss on the cheek as he fondled her ass.
When he was out of ear shot, Angie said, "Just wanted him to remember us."
"I think you are very memorable," Shan said, "especially those tits you rubbed all over him."
"I agree," DeShawn said.
"You guys want another beer?" Angie asked.
"Absolutely," they both said.
Shan got up to help Angie. She grabbed a beer that Angie knew she wanted to take to Bob. Angie winked at her and whispered, "Are you thinking what I am thinking?"
"If you are thinking with the little lady between your legs that is begging for another round."
Angie laughed and shook her head while grasping her crotch.
Angie brought a beer to DeShawn, "Hi, I am your server this afternoon. Here is your beer." She handed him the beer, kissed him while rubbing her tits over his shoulder. He reached around and rubbed her ass. She finished the kiss but left let his hand enjoy her ass and said, "I think you might be ready for our special service after you finish that beer."
"You better believe," DeShawn said as he gave her ass a pat.
"Here you go sir," Shan said to Bob as she handed him his beer. She pushed her ass in his face, and said, "What about a kiss." Bob placed his hand between her legs on her crotch and pulled her ass to his mouth for a sloppy kiss on each of her commodious cheeks.
"You can have some more of that in a little while," Shan cooed waiting for him to release her crotch.
"I will fantasize about that until I do," Bob said as he released her crotch.
Angie and Shan finished the bottle with this glass of wine each. They sat back in the chair and planned their conquest.
"I want to suck and lick Bob's dick," Shan said.
"I think he would like that."
"I am thinking we move the lounge chairs back into the cabana, lay the guys close together while we suck them, then we take them cowgirl style."
"That sounds good to me," Angie said. "However, I doubt I can get much of DeShawn massive meat in my mouth but I am willing to try."
"I have never gotten more than half of it in my mouth," Shan said. "Bob is not small by any means but does not present the problems of a hulking member like DeShawn's. Before we were married I enjoyed anal sex but with DeShawn I can only get the tip in."
"I can't imagine trying anal with DeShawn," Angie said, "But I have to say I enjoyed the size the first time in my cunt."
"Oh you get excited it does feel good," Shan admitted. "Have you done anal with Bob?"
Angie thought,once but I have done it several time with my personal trainer."Yes and he likes it."
"Mind if I do that with him?" Shan asked like Angie cared how she screwed her husband.
"Mi hombre es su hombre," Angie said.
Shan got it, smiled, held up her glass to toast and said, "We have a plan." They touched glasses and finished their wine. They took their chase lounge chairs back into the cabana, placed them just a few inches apart and slightly elevated the back so that the guys could get a good view of being blown and fucked. Shan took a bottle of lotion and placed it under her lounge chair for use later.
"Now to lead them to the trap," Angie whispered.
"Oh that won't be hard," Shan said. "I mean we are hot chicks aren't we?"
"We certainly are," Angie said.
Angie walked to DeShawn's chair and straddled his legs showing an already excited pussy. Shan sat on Bob's lap and wrapped an arm around his neck. Shan said, "So you like my purple heart?" She took his hand and placed it on the heart. "It is nice and soft isn't it?"
"It feels like cotton," Bob said as he stroked the area.
Angie took her finger and stroked her bald pussy lips. "What do you think of these?"
"I think they are beautifully fat pussy lips that feels oh so good," DeShawn said.
Shan said, "This bar has a very special service for selected clientele. Do you guys want to partake of this special service?"
Bob and DeShawn members were growing quickly. Even though Angie barely straddled him to half way of his thighs, his penis was already touching the edge her labia.
Bob looked at DeShawn and said, "We would be happy to partake of this establishment's nectar."
"What about a little chocolate nectar?" Shan asked as he stroked Bob's now hard member.
"I love chocolate," Bob answered.
Angie bent over kissing DeShawn deeply in the mouth as she took his dick in her hand and stroked it up and down her labia. DeShawn could feel her wetness seeping onto the head of his dick.
Shan and Angie lead the boys into the cabana, untied the tent's front drapes, allowing them to close. They had each guy lay face up on the lounge chairs, placed a towel behind their head making sure they were comfortable and able to watch what the girls did. They got on their knees so they could spend time on the guy's cocks.
Angie began by stroking DeShawn's cock. She had a good view of the vertical measure of this flag pole. She decided it was ten inches, probably two inches longer than Bob. Bob's dick was thick but not as thick as DeShawn's. She thought about what Shan said about how the size could cause problems. She understood. She liked anal with Q and Bob but would not even consider it with DeShawn. But it was exciting her to lick this monster and would really fill a pussy. She knew she was going to enjoy this. She started by licking the length of the shaft to tip over and over. She placed a hand on the shaft while she licked the tip. Her hand barely reached about the base.
Shan started with both hands on Bob's shaft and licked around and around the tip. She placed the tip on her lips and sucked while tonguing the hole in the tip. Shan felt Angie's hand reach across to help her hold Bob's dick. Shan reached across and grabbed part of DeShawn dick to hold it for Angie to suck the tip. The guys had their heads back, eyes closed clearly enjoying the attention to their pulsing members.
Shan lowered her mouth over Bob's member. She moved her hand away, placing it on his leg to brace herself to bob her head up and down. This left Angie's holding Bob's dick for Shan to suck and Shan holding DeShawn's dick for Angie to suck. It was symbolic.
Shan was the first to stop sucking and move to fucking. She straddled Bob in a forward facing cowgirl position with both feet on the floor. She was so excited and wet it slipped in to the hilt with one move down. She lowered her torso so she could kiss Bob while she slowly rolled her hips forward and backward.
Angie straddled DeShawn with his big tip prepared to enter. He was watching as she slipped the tip of his dick into her wanting hole. She was lowering slowly so he could see her fat pussy lips absorb each millimeter of his member. She moved lower and lower until she was sitting flat on his groin. Once on DeShawn she held all of the giant member with her pussy beginning to contract, stimulating DeShawn. She held it there until she had to move. She started a slow move up and down on his long thick dick. She was so glad for all the squats that Mark had made her do. This allowed her to control her movements without cramping.
Shan raised off Bob, turned around so she was facing his feet. As she straddled him standing with her cheeks spread, she took a glob of lotion in her hand, spread it on and in her ass hole. She put some on two finger and pushed them into her asshole. She handed the bottle to Bob saying, "Spread it on my fat bottom and shove your finger up my ass."
Bob took a big glob, massaged her two fat cheeks then shoved three fingers in her anus. As he removed his fingers he positioned his throbbing shaft waiting for her to lower herself on him. Bob was perfectly positioned to watch as his tip popped her anal ring. She hovered there letting him see her fat bottom hovering over his member ready to be absorbed into it. He reached up and applied more lotion on the point where his dick was entering her tight hole. She lowered to take in half his penis before hovering again, giving Bob time to enjoy the view. Bob thought she must have taken all she could. But instead of rising off his member she began to lower and did not stop until her butt had completely engulfed his shaft. As she sat on him she first moaned and then said, "Your dick feels so good in my ass."
Bob took both hand and squeezed and released her butt cheek. He said, "I love the feel of my dick in that beautiful ass." She started a slow rock back and forth.
Angie continued to rock back and forth on DeShawn groan. She and DeShawn had watched as Shan took Bob's member all the way in her butt. Angie reached over to Shan's slit, found her clitoris and lightly massaged the small pleasure zone. Angie could feel Shan respond to her manipulations. DeShawn raised up to a sitting position, took one of her mammoth breast in his mouth. Angie grabbed the back of his chase lounge to support his back. She wanted him to tear her tits and nipples up.
Bob also sat up. DeShawn reached over to adjust the back so he could be comfortable. Bob reached around and took hold of Shan's breasts. He was able to get all of each of her tits in his hands and pressed them to get as much sensation as possible. Shan had her hands on Bob's legs supporting her torso so she could manipulate Bob's dick with her asshole. Bob saw that DeShawn was taking as much of Angie breast in his mouth he could, so he let go of one of Shan's breasts to put his hand under one of Angie breasts to make it a cone allowing DeShawn to get even more of her breast into his mouth.
Angie picked up the pace. She removed her hand from Shan's pussy to place both hand behind DeShawn's neck, pulling him into her to again have more of her breast in his mouth. This also gave her leverage to slam her groin into his.
Bob moved the hand he had under Angie's breast and reached around to Shan's pussy. He pushed two finger into her clitoris. He felt a big contraction and a series of orgasms as she slammed her butt over and over onto his groin. Her ass cheeks opened and closed with each thrust making it look like her ass was trying to milk the jizzum from his dick. When she slammed him all the way up her anus he could feel his fingers in her pussy. Shan stammered out, "Oh Bob, fuck ..., fuck my pussy with your hand. This feels so goo ... d!" That was all Bob could take. He came deep in her anus.
Once Bob started erupting into Shan, DeShawn couldn't hold out. It was so sensuous to see Shan being fucked in the ass and Bob masturbating her pussy at the same time. As DeShawn came he placed his head between Angie's massive breasts. You couldn't see the sides of his head he was so deep in her bosom.
Shan kept Bob's softening penis in her anus as he held her breasts and kissed her neck and shoulder. Angie held DeShawn's dick in her still quivering pussy while he nibbled on her erect nipples. After they recovered from the sexual onslaught Angie and Shan stood and hugged each other. DeShawn stood and hugged Angie and then Shan. DeShawn whispered to Shan, "It was beautifully sensual to see you take Bob's penis into your lovely ass."
Bob stood and hugged Angie whispering to her, "You're my wonderful, sexy whore. That was well, ah, beyond word but for want of a better word, incredible."
Angie kissed Bob deeply and whispered back, "Thank you for forcing me to do this. It has been wonderful."
The four had lost track of where they were until they heard clapping outside the cabana. They saw Edward, Ernest and Ernesto looking through the mesh.
"How long have you guys been there?" Bob asked trying to act angry.
"Long enough to be impressed with the four of you and understand why you did not visit our end of the beach," Edward stated. "I was going to have my feelings hurt but after that performance, you would have been crazy to miss it. It almost makes me want to go straight. Almost." Edward smiled at them.
"Okay, glad you enjoyed it," Bob said. "It must be six."
"It is a few minutes before," Edward said. "You guys ready to go?"
"Sure," Bob answered, "There is still beer in the chest. You guys want what's left?"
"Ernest and Ernesto are staying in the cabana tonight and will take care of everything. If there are snacks left you may want to take those."
DeShawn said, "We will take a sandwich and energy bar so we don't have to stop."
Bob and DeShawn split up the snacks, grabbed their bags and DeShawn's stuff and headed to the exit. On the way to the exit there was a large trash can. Angie stopped, reached into her bag, took the old swim suit out and threw it away. She said, "I don't think I will need that old thing anymore."
When they got to the exit Angie said, "Let's take a quick shower before we get into the car." There were two shoulder heads at the sign stating they were exiting the nude beach.
Shan took one shower as Angie took the other. While the girls were washing off Officer Blake came up. "Did you guys have fun today? It sure looked like it from where I stood."
Bob thought he was angling for more money. "We had a ball, I think we need to show you a little more appreciation." Bob was reaching into his bag.
"No need for that Mr Hall," Officer Blake said, "But I would like a favor."
"Name it."
"Let me dry off your beauties and escort them to the car," Officer Blake asked.
"Sounds fine with me and I am sure the girls would be fine with that also," Bob said.
Angie step away from the shower head first as Officer Blake had the towel ready saying, "Bob said it would be okay to dry you girls off and escort you to the car."
"Dry away," Angie said. Shan was cleaning Bob's fluids and the lotion from the crack of her ass as Officer Blake was taking his time drying Angie. He made it a struggle to get her huge tits fully dry and rubbed her pussy a little more than needed.
DeShawn and Bob stepped up to the shower to get cleaned up.
Shan stepped out seeing what was happening and did not object when Officer Blake started drying her off. He really spent a long time drying her ass and top of her thighs.
"Okay girls you need to cover up going to the parking lot but just a shirt will do. They both put on a shirt and buttoned just the bottom button. It barely covered their asses and left a good portion of especially Angie's bosoms showing.
"Are we good?" Shan asked.
"You are both great," Officer Blake smiled. He put an arm around each and started strolling to the exit. Before taking two steps he had moved his hand to grab a butt cheek of each girl. He watched first one of the girl's chest and then the other.
"You know girls you have got me so hot today, I am hurting," Officer Blake said. Angie thought,oh boy he is going to want a blow job in the parking lot.He now had their shirts pulled up so he could rub bare asses.
"Sorry we did that to you," Angie said.
"Sorry, I am going to fuck Mrs. Blake tonight for all she is worth. I'm not going to tell her that I will be thinking of the two sexiest girls I have seen on this beach. You girls are extremely hot."
"This is our car," Angie said.
"Wow!" Officer Blake said. "Mister Hall must have money. Nice." Angie smiled but didn't say anything. "Well, it was a pleasure to be of service today and I hope you will be back."
"Thank you Officer," Shan and Angie said in unison. As he was walking away Shan whispered something to Angie. Angie looked at her nodded and smiled.
As Officer Blake straddled his motorcycle Angie yelled, "Hey Officer Blake think about this." With that Angie unbuttoned the one button and showed her mammoth mounds and bald pussy. Shan turned, bent over and spread her ass cheeks showing her ample ass cheeks and slit between her legs.
Officer Blake smiled, shook his head and gave them two thumbs up. "I feel sorry for Mrs. Blake," Angie said, "She is not going to know what hit her tonight."
"You got that right girlfriend," Shan said.
"You girls are bad," DeShawn said laughing.
"You better believe it buddy," Angie said.
"Where are you parked?" Edward asked DeShawn.
"In a lot about a half mile walk from here," DeShawn said.
"Let me throw your stuff in the trunk and I will drop you off at your car," Edward suggested.
"I would hate to put you out but that would be great wouldn't it Shan?"
"I would appreciate it so much," Shan said.
"Then that is what we will do," Edward said. DeShawn gave him the parking lot number and Edward knew exactly where it was. Edward held the door open for the two girls to sat together facing forward while boys sat opposite them.
As Edward pulled out, Bob said, "We have enjoyed your company today. Let's do it again. Next time we will pick you up."
"We absolutely want to do this again don't we DeShawn," Shan said.
"Absolutely, just let us know when. We are going to be back fairly often."
"Shan, let's talk next week," Angie said, "Bob and I would like to show you a night on the town soon, wouldn't we honey."
"Maybe we could do that when DeShawn comes into town to talk to the partners."
"That sounds good," DeShawn said. "I will set it up next week." Edward had gotten to the lot. DeShawn guided him to their car. Edward stepped around and opened the door.
"I hate to say good bye but I guess we have to," Shan said as she reached across the aisle to hug Bob whispering, "You were great."
He whispered back, "So were you."
DeShawn at the same time hugged Angie, "You are one hot mama, can't wait to do this again. Bob is mighty lucky."
"Thank you," Angie said. "I can't wait either. You are something else."
Angie hugged Shan and said, "Love you girlfriend."
"You too." They both had tears in their eyes.
Shan spun around to get out of the car purposely showing Bob her big ass one more time. Bob gave her a smack. He shrugged and said, "Couldn't help myself."
DeShawn shook his hand and said, "I will call next week. See you later buddy."
"Yep."
Edward had taken their stuff out of the car and placed them on the ground behind the car trunk. He shook DeShawn hand and hugged Shan saying, "Good to meet you."
"You too."
As Edward was driving away, they got one more shot of Shan's ass as she bent over the car trunk putting their stuff in.
"This is the best day of my life," Angie said. "I hate to see it coming to an end but I am exhausted."
"Same with me," Bob said. "Let's eat something and drink a couple bottles of water, I am afraid that the activity has dehydrated us."
"Sounds good I am starving," Angie said. Bob got her a sandwich, past one up to Edward along with a bottle of water and took one for himself. They scarfed them down along with a bottle of water. Bob got them an energy bar and another bottle of water. They consumed those also. Angie laid her head on Bob's shoulder and fell asleep. Bob positioned her head in her lap and she appeared to be in a comfortable position. As she had not buttoned her shirt after flashing Officer Blake, Bob got to rub her tits and look at her lovely ass until he also fell asleep.
"Mr H, ..., Mr H," Edward said repeatedly trying to wake up Bob. Bob finally came to. "We're almost there. You may want to get Mrs H dressed."
"Oh yeah." Bob shook Angie and got her awake. "We are almost there; you may want to put on your shorts before we go in the building."
"Ok," Angie said. She looked in her bag. "My shorts aren't here. Look in your bag."
Bob did but shook his head no. "I bet I threw them out with the swimsuit," Angie frowned.
"Want to wrap a towel around your waist."
"No they are wet and sandy," Angie stated. "I will just button up and keep the shirt pulled down. Besides a big portion of New Jersey has been staring at my twat all day."
"Well hard to argue with that logic."
Edward pulled to the curb. Edward opened Bob's door as the doorman opened Angie's. She swung her leg out of the car door and flashed the doorman big time. She could see him staring so she said, "I lost my pants at the beach. Sorry."
The doorman smiled and said, "Don't be sorry. I am happy with the outcome. You are now my favorite owner."
Angie smiled, turned, reached in the car and got her bag, giving him a shot of her soft fat ass. "Now you have the front and back of me."
"Yes ma'am."
"Good night," Angie said to Edward as she hugged him. "Thank you so much."
Angie and Bob walked to the elevator holding hands.