The next few days were pretty normal; we went to work, worked out at the gym, did domestic chores, etc. What we did not do is talk about Wednesday night at the bar. There never seemed to be a good time to bring up the subject and Jolene seemed reserved when we did have some quiet time together.
On Friday afternoon I decided to put my psychology minor to work and look at the situation objectively. Obviously something was bothering Jolene, and it was probably her behavior at the bar. I loved it, of course, and I know that she was excited at the time, but perhaps she was feeling different about it now. Clearly I should try to get her to talk about it, but most likely that would fail. My only real option was to put her into a hypnotic state in order to make her more open to answering questions. Now, I have not done this since college, and I didn't have much success then, but I had reason to believe that I had an advantage now.
That evening after dinner I came up behind my wife as she sat in the easy chair watching TV and started giving her a shoulder rub. I encouraged her to relax as I worked on her muscles. It wasn't long before her breathing slowed and she became very relaxed. I stopped the massage and guided her into a deep hypnotic state. Now I started to carefully probe her mental and emotional state, concentrating on recent events.
As I suspected, something happened when she was attacked in the alley. As far as I could tell her mind became very open to outside influence. Normally a healthy mind has filters to reduce the weight of outside ideas or even reject them completely in favor of it's own internal beliefs and ideas. This is the basis for free will. Apparently when she suffered the concussion that part of her brain was temporarily suppressed, making her very susceptible to suggestions from others. That was probably what the doctor saw in the FMRI.
Now recall that I repeatedly told her during that time period that she should listen to me and do what I tell her. Jolene must have taken that deeply into her cognitive center and it is now part of her decision making process. That explains why she is now inclined to do what I ask, or tell her, to do.
This sounds great on the surface, however now that her "free will" center is working again, it is at odds with this new directive to listen to me, creating a psychological stress. To make matters worse she has feelings of guilt and shame associated with sexual enjoyment apparently caused by an incident when she was 14 years old involving a boyfriend and her younger brother. From what I could tell it was some kind of sexual assault, although I don't think she was actually raped (penetrated), it still created feelings of shame and guilt.
So I helped her dump some of the shame and guilt as much as I could, but I knew that something this deep would take time to address. I also planted the idea that just because one feels shame or humiliation during a sex act that it is not necessarily bad. If one trusts their partner or partners and also feels excited, then it may be something to explore and that could turn out fun. I also encouraged her to talk to me about her past experience, telling her she would feel better to have it out in the open.
While I was at it I made it easier to put her into a hypnotic state just by speaking a pass-phrase. In Jolene's case I made the pass-phrase "wicked tarts wear tiny shorts." And it only works if I say it, so I don't have to worry about her inadvertently being triggered, as if that would be likely.
Then I told her to forget about being hypnotized and to instead remember that she enjoyed the massage and that we chit chatted for a while. I didn't want her to become alarmed at having an hour unaccounted for. Then I told her to wake up.
She was definitely more relaxed and cheerful after that, so I knew I had done some good. We made love that night and Jolene had at least two orgasms, so I know she enjoyed it as much as I did.
Over the next week I put her into a hypnotic state every evening using her pass-phrase. At first it only put her into a light hypnotic state, but I strengthened it every time so that by the end of the week it would drop her instantly into a deep state. This made it easier to make little changes quickly.
I kept working on her shame and guilt issues, of course, but I also added a few other things. I started conditioning her to believe that it was OK to show her body a little more, convincing her that I enjoyed it when she did. This was made easier now that she was getting into shape and had lost some weight. I also deepened her desire to lose that last ten pounds or so and keep it off by staying with the self defense classes.
I couldn't help planting a suggestion that doing housework was not so bad and that she should do her fair share. It's not that she didn't do any chores around the house, but I've always felt they were not split equitably between us.
Now at this point you have to be wondering how I could take advantage of my wife's situation and screw with her mind. I had considered this myself and given it serious thought. In the end I decided that while there was some risk of abuse, I was helping her to be happier. Of course, I would be happier as well, but there's nothing wrong with that. It was just a classic win-win scenario.
Over the course of several sessions I got her to talk about the experience she had with her brother Mick and his friend Dominic, who everyone called Dom. I knew that Mick was her family's black sheep and that he was a troubled man with a past of drug abuse and scrapes with the police, but that's all. Jolene told me that Mick was always troubled, but she loved her brother and wanted to help him. That was one of her failings when she was young, she was always trying to help others in need, from a bird with a broken wing to boys from broken homes.
Dom was from a broken home and had an abusive father. Jolene felt sorry for him and thought that if she showed him some affection and tenderness it would heal him. Naive, but then again she was only 14 at the time. So she started "going out" with Dom, which meant they went to some movies, maybe McDonalds, and hung out together, and often with Mick in tow.
When the relationship started turning physical Jolene resisted at first, but Dom pouted and complained that nobody loved him and she would break down and let him have his way. Eventually though, she did not let him go as far as he wanted. This angered Dom and by now he had figured out that she was only "dating" him out of pity. To complicate matters Mick had been turned on watching Dom neck with his sister and he wanted some action of his own. His teenage hormones and the affection Jolene had shown him over the years must have overrode any qualms he had about her being his sister.
So Mick and Dom hatched a plot in which together they physically overwhelmed Jolene while the three of them were listening to music in her family's basement. If her mother had not come home early that day, they would probably have raped her. As it was she got away after being groped thoroughly, but it still left her with a lot of guilt and shame. She felt as though maybe she was partially responsible; maybe if she had been more resistant earlier in her relationship with Dom, or perhaps dressed less provocatively that day, it wouldn't have happened. Also, some of the physical sensations were pleasurable, despite the situation. She didn't understand how that could be unless there was something wrong with her. She didn't understand how something so wrong could still feel good, even if on only a purely physical level.
Jolene never told her mother what had happened, afraid of what her reaction would be. In fact she never told anyone. Later, Mick apologized and begged her not to tell anybody about what happened. Jolene was a little stunned, but realized that the boys were afraid of what would happen to THEM if they were found out. So she agreed on two conditions: that neither of them ever touch her again, and that they never tell anybody else. If they did brag to their friends and it got out she threatened to tell the police have have them arrested for attempted rape. This seemed to scare Mick, and he readily agreed to her conditions. And thus it was covered up, but never resolved for Jolene.
She had several good cries over the days that she related this sordid story to me and although it did traumatize her somewhat, I could tell that it lifted a burden she had been carrying since that day. I felt like she was finally over feeling shame and guilt about sex.
Things continued to improve after that. Jolene had lost enough weight that it was time to go out and buy her some new clothes. I told her it was a reward for doing so well. I didn't have to push much to get her to buy more revealing outfits than she did in the past, including a pretty skimpy yellow bikini. She was doubtful at the time that she would ever wear it outside the house, but I was planning on it.
My wife always looked good, but now she looked fantastic and seemed to enjoy showing off her hot body a little. The extra fat was about gone and the work at the gym was firming her up and giving her a bit of an athletic look. I started shaving her pussy, only leaving a little tuft of hair right above where her labia came together at the top. Jolene did not really like the idea at first, but has come to like it almost as much as me.
It was now three weeks since the night at the bar and I decided it was time to do it again so that I could gage her improvement. When I announced that we were going out for the evening she was upbeat about it, not tentative like last time. This was a good sign. Unlike last time, I had Jolene wear a short skirt instead of jeans. It wasn't a micro or anything, it went down to just above her knees, but it showed lots of leg and looked really sexy on her. I stayed with a button-up blouse like before, except this one was silk and more form fitting.
When we got into the car she asked where we were going and all I said was "You'll see." Before we got there though, she guessed what our destination was.
"What are you up to?" She asked playfully.
"Oh, nothing much. Just some drinking and dancing. Like last time."
"Like last time, huh? Will I be dancing on the table naked by the end of the night?" She asked sarcastically.
"If you want to," I answered, "I won't stop you."
She laughed in a way I hadn't heard in a long time. "I bet you wouldn't!"
When we arrived we saw that the same booth that we used last time was empty, so we sat there again. We had a few drinks and danced a bit. The band was not as good this time, but we still enjoyed ourselves.
Jolene was more relaxed and confidant than I had ever seen her. We engaged in the kind of playful banter we did when we were dating. It was a lot of fun. After a couple more dances I decided it was time for the games to begin. "You look hot," I said, "I think you should pop another button on that blouse."
"It is hot in here." Jolene replied. Since this time she had started out with the top two buttons on her blouse already open, the third one was next which would show a lot of cleavage. But without any hesitation she casually unbuttoned her blouse nearly to the front clasp of her bra. What really blew my mind though, was when she winked at me.
My wife looked so sexy as she sat there with the tops of her breasts practically on display. She continued to chat and sip her drink as if nothing had changed. I couldn't believe how relaxed she appeared to be. There were more people in the bar this night than the last time and I was contemplating what the next step should be or whether to wait a little longer for some people to leave. The problem was, it was already starting to get late.
"A penny for your thoughts." Jolene interjected.
"Hmmm, are you sure they aren't worth more than that?" I asked playfully.
"Perhaps," she answered, "but I won't know until you tell me what they are."
"Alright. I was thinking how sexy you are tonight, but was I also thinking a dash of wicked right about now would be even better."
"So, does that mean you want me to go to the bathroom and remove my bra?" She asked with a hint of excitement in her voice, but no fear.
"No."
"No?" She sounded confused and disappointed.
"Not wicked enough. What I really want is for you to go to the ladies room and remove your bra AND panties." I said evenly as I looked directly into her eyes.
"Oh!" She exclaimed quietly. I continued to look into her eyes and she blinked twice in rapid succession, but held my stare. Then, taking a deep breath, she stood up and started out in the direction of the rest rooms in a walk that did not betray whatever emotions she was feeling.
I has having trouble containing my own excitement, though. I was also a bit apprehensive because of the greater number of people in the place. I looked around and it was mainly couples scattered about, but there were a couple of small groups of men as well. I wondered what the reaction would be to my wife when she returned. It would be obvious that she was no longer wearing a bra, and from the side it might be possible to get peeks at her tits as she walked because of the three undone buttons.
I thought all the men would appreciate it, especially the single ones, but the women might not approve. I decided that I couldn't worry about that. There was no way they would kick us out for that level of exhibitionism, and I didn't really care what the other women thought.
When Jolene finally emerged from the ladies room I was mesmerized. The silk blouse made it much more apparent that she was bra-less than the other one had! Even from across the room I could tell that her nipples were erect, probably a result of them sliding across the smooth silk as she moved.
At first there was no reaction from the room, however by the time she made it half way back to where I was sitting I noticed some heads turning and mouths coming open. A few of the single guys nudged their pals and pointed in Jolene's direction. I imagined them saying something like "Look at that hot babe, I wish she were with me tonight."
I saw at least one woman poke her man and say something to him causing him to look away. Probably jealous. Hard to blame her though; Jolene looked absolutely smoking hot. As she neared I could tell she was blushing which only enhanced the effect.
It seemed to take an agonizingly long time for her to reach the booth we were sitting at, but she finally made it and deposited her underwear on the table as she sat down. I looked at the two small garments, but did not make a move to pick them up. My wife was breathing faster than normal and took a large swig of her drink, but she still looked excited, not afraid.
"Wow." Was all I could say for a few seconds. "You are incredibly hot. I am the luckiest man on the planet." I wasn't kidding either; that's how I felt.
"I guess you liked that, eh?" She teased. She knew I did.
"Oh yeah. I'm pretty sure the rest of the men in the room did too, and maybe a few of the women." I answered.
"Oh, I doubt that."
"Don't." I asserted quickly before I realized the ambiguity of her statement. Did she doubt that the men liked her performance, or the women? Before I had a chance to follow up on that thought a young man approached our booth.
"Excuse me," he said politely, "I don't mean to be offensive, but my friends and I have a bet, and I need your help settling it."
"We'd be glad to help out if we can." I replied. "What's it about?"
"Well, um, you see, when your woman came out of the bathroom my friends thought that she had removed her bra while she was in there." He explained and then paused, a little embarrassed I think.
"And you bet she hadn't?" I prompted.
"Oh no, I agreed with them." He stated and smiled at the memory. Jolene blushed even more deeply.
"So what's the bet about?" I queried.
"Well, um, it looked to me like she was carrying it in her hand, but I thought it looked to me like she was carrying something else as well."
"And what did you think that was?" I pressed, amused at his and my wife's embarrassment.
"Um, I thought it was her, um, panties." He stammered and looked at the garments still laying in the middle of the table. "They didn't believe me, so I bet them $20 that she, um, removed those as well."
I was enjoying their discomfort and decided to extend it a bit. "Why don't you just ask her directly?" I suggested to the young man.
He looked at my wife. "Ah, did you remove them, I mean your, um, panties in the restroom?"
Jolene looked down and said in a husky voice, "Yes." Then she looked back up to him, humiliation and sexual excitement showing in her face.
"Thank you, and I'd just like to tell you that me and my friends think you are one of the hottest women we've seen in a long time."
As he was turning to go I said, "Hey, don't forget your proof." I scooped up my wife's damp panties and handed them over to the young stranger. He looked stunned, but he flashed us a broad grin and returned to his friends. I could see him drop the panties on the table and put his hand out. They exploded into laughs and repeated variations of "No way" and "I don't believe it". Eventually they each handed over a twenty dollar bill, however.
"That should put to rest any doubts that the men noticed." I quipped. "And from some of the hostile looks you are getting from some of the women, I think there's little doubt on that front as well."
"You're really enjoying this, aren't you?" Jolene accused me.
"Guilty as charged, but if that's a crime then I think we'll be sharing the same cell." I answered.
She smiled, but she didn't deny it. We bantered for a while enjoying Jolene's mild exhibitionism as people slowly drifted out, most of whom were not replaced by new patrons. The small group of men that had possession of Jolene's panties were still there, however, probably waiting to see what would happen next.
With fewer people in the place, especially other women, I decided to turn up the heat. "I have something else I want you to do for me." I told my wife.
"Let me guess: another button."
"No, not exactly." I informed her.
"What do you mean, not exactly?" She asked.
"I want you to unbutton all three." I responded.
"Do you want me to take my blouse off too?" She asked sarcastically.
"Not yet. For now I just want you to undo the remaining buttons." I answered more calmly than I felt.
It looked like she shivered, but after only a brief delay she started popping open the bottom three buttons on her blouse. Since it was not tucked in it would now be free to open up completely, and since it was light-weight silk, that wouldn't take much. Jolene sat still and was very careful of her movements after that.
I noticed that the table with the young men were nudging each other and taking furtive glances in our direction. I think one of them may have spied what happened, and from Jolene's movements might have been able to guess that she was unbuttoning her blouse. From their angle it was hard to tell what they could see though.
We chatted for a while longer before I announced that it was time to leave. Jolene wanted one more drink, "for the road." Thinking that a little more "liquid courage" might not be a bad idea I went to the bar and got her one last drink. When I returned to our booth I saw our young friend retreating back to his table. I put the drink down and asked Sherry what he wanted.
"He just wanted to thank me."
"For what?" I queried.
"That's exactly what I asked. Do you want to know what he said?" She teased.
"What did he say?" I played along.
"He said: For making it an interesting evening."
"What did you say to that?" I asked.
"I said: You're welcome, but it may get more interesting yet." She divulged, with a gleam in her eye. "And he said: I'm counting on it."
"Drink up." I instructed. "We don't want to keep everybody waiting."
My wife was not much of a drinker. It didn't take much to get her drunk, so she usually nursed her drinks. This time, however, she drank it down much quicker. That's not to say she gulped it down; more like the amount of time a normal person takes to drink one of those "fru-fru" drinks she likes. You know the kind - made with sugary liqueur that doesn't have a high alcohol content.
When she finally finished her drink a few more people had left, but her young admirers were still there. "Time to go," I announced, "but before we leave I want you to do something for me."
She gave me a concerned look, obviously thinking that I wanted her to take off the blouse. But that wasn't what I had in mind - not yet at least.
"Unzip your skirt." I demanded.
"What?" Clearly she was not expecting that. "How far?" She stammered.
Her skirt zipped up the side from the waist all the way down to the bottom edge. I wanted her to show more leg and potentially some pussy.
"All the way up to the waist, but leave an inch or so, I don't want it coming off at the wrong time."
She hesitated for a long moment, hoping perhaps that I would grant her a last minute reprieve. When I didn't she reached down and shortly I heard a long unzipping sound.
"How much did you leave?" I asked, since I couldn't see yet for myself. Sherry lifted her hand up in front of her with her index finger and thumb held about two inches apart. "Good, let's get going then." I stood up, stepped over to my wife's side of the booth and held out my hand. As she slid out her blouse rustled a bit and her skirt parted to show lots of leg - almost all the way up to her crotch. I was loving it.
She took my hand and slowly stood up, a bit unsteady on her feet. From the alcohol or the sexual tension, I wasn't sure; maybe some of both, but she held onto my arm with a fierce grip as we moved towards the door. Out of the corner of my eye I saw the group of young men get up out of their chairs. Apparently they were leaving now too.
As we moved, the one side of her blouse was kind of pinned against me, but the other side fluttered a bit as it hung loose, clinging slightly to her tit. I whispered to her to not adjust it. She clenched my arm tighter, but left it alone.
By the time we came even with the bar her blouse had slipped a little and I'm sure that the bartender could see her entire bare tit in profile. A couple of men sitting at the bar with their backs to us must have seen the barman watching us because they suddenly turned around. Their mouths dropped open and they gaped openly at my wife's near nudity.
I felt a shiver run though her body and I thought she might pass out right there, but she managed to keep going. We finally made it through the gauntlet by the bar and turned to go out the door. Once again her blouse billowed out from the light breeze when I opened the door, but this time it almost blew off completely. And once again there was nobody outside to see it!
We walked to the car in the dim parking lot illumination, Jolene's blouse completely open leaving her tits on display. Her unzipped skirt was showing almost all of her legs and every time she took a step the zipper clicked up another notch. By the time we got to the car is was almost ready to fall off.
Usually I unlock the doors with the remote before she gets to the car, but not this time. When she tried the door it was still locked so she just stood there facing the car waiting for me. I motioned to the group of men that had followed us out to stop. They were perhaps twenty feet away. Then I turned to my wife, stuck out my hand and said "Give me your blouse."
She must have been expecting this because she quickly shucked it off her shoulders (which wasn't difficult since it was falling off anyway) and handed it to me. Now my beautiful wife was standing in the parking lot of a bar, topless, and in a short skirt that was ready to fall off.
"Now the skirt." I demanded and held out my other hand. Jolene surprised me by hardly hesitating and with trembling hands she finished unzipping the skirt, causing it to fall away from her body and exposing her ass to the small crowd of onlookers. Almost dropping it, she handed me the small piece of material.
"Don't you think you should wave goodbye to your admirers?" I asked her. She looked at me, indecision written all over her face. I helped her out. "Go ahead."
She didn't exactly turn around, but pivoted at the waist to face the group of men behind her. They now had a clear view of her succulent tits, the nipples hard as diamonds and pointing up at a tempting angle. She flashed them a brilliant smile and gave them a small wave. They went wild, encouraging her to show them more, telling her she was hot; that type of thing.
As I walked around the back of the car, I opened the trunk and tossed in Jolene's clothes. Now she would have to ride home nude and would not have anything to cover up with.
When I got to the drivers side I unlocked the doors and Jolene slid in casually as if we were just returning from the grocery store. She put on her seat belt, the shoulder belt neatly sliding between her tits. It looked sexy in a strange sort of way.
I started the car, pulled out of the parking lot, and headed for home. I considered stopping for gas, even though I didn't really need any, but I figured that I had pushed my wife's exhibitionism as far as I dared for one night. After driving for a few minutes in silence I asked her what she was feeling.
"Hmmm," she considered, "embarrassed. Maybe humiliated a little."
"Excited maybe?" I ventured. "Sexually?"
"Maybe."
I could see her nipples were hard, but I wanted a better indicator of her arousal. "Spread your legs." I ordered. "Good and wide." She complied and I could see the moisture on her labia. Christ, it was even dribbling out. I'd never seen her that wet before.
"Put your hand on your pussy and check out how wet it is." I demanded. When she did I said "Now tell me how turned on and horny you are."
"Oh god I am!" She moaned. "But that's so wrong. How can this be happening to me?"
I noticed that despite her protestations she was still playing with her juicy pussy. "There's nothing wrong with you. In fact, this is probably the real you finally coming out, casting off some repression and inhibitions." I reassured her.
"But how can that be? How can I really be a slut?"
"You aren't a slut, you're just a woman with a high sex drive. You've just suppressed it until now." I said.
"Really?"
"Absolutely." I assured her.
She started pumping two fingers in and out of her cunt while pulling on her nipples with the other hand.
"Oh god this feels so good." She moaned. "I can't stop."
"Then don't stop." I replied. "Cum for me."
"But it's so wrong to do this here, now. I should stop." But she didn't stop. Instead she increased the pace of her finger fucking and started rubbing her clit with her thumb. She was making nice squishy sounds and filling the car with her scent.
"Hmmm, maybe I need to give you some more stimulation." I teased. "Maybe I should stop and get gas at a busy station."
"Ohhhhhhh, no." Jolene moaned. "Not that."
"I don't know. Sounds to me like you might like that." I observed.
"Oh god, oh god, I'm cumming!" She squealed, thrashing her head back and forth as her orgasm washed over her. I was having a difficult time watching the road, but who could blame me? I had a naked, sexy woman squirming on the seat next to me as she enjoyed a powerful climax with her own fingers stuffed in her pussy.
Jolene slumped down in the seat after her orgasm subsided. "Get me home. I have to fuck you NOW." she said urgently. I didn't have to be told twice as I sped up. Hopefully I wouldn't get pulled over for speeding, but then again that might be interesting too.
Back at the house we fucked in every position possible and in nearly every room in the house. I especially liked the dining room table action; the blinds on the sliding glass door were partially open, but Jolene did not close them or object in any way. I came twice and I lost count of my wife's orgasms. But what now I wondered? What now?