As you can see from the publish date of Chapter 1, visualizing where this story will go has proven difficult. So instead of trying to capture the entire story in a single consolidated chapter I decided to tell the story in a series of vignettes which hopefully both advance the story and prove entertaining. Hope you enjoy and, as always, all characters are 18 and older throughout.

The Loneliest Road in America

"So, you want to swim over to the cruiser or not?" Tyler asked, holding my bikini top loosely in his left hand. "If you go, you know what they'll want, don't you?"
"No," I answered, "I don't know what they want. Explain it to me." This was a lie. I knew exactly what the guys in the cabin cruiser wanted to do. It was transparent. I'd been sunning topless on the soft cushion transom of the ski boat that Tyler and I had rented and anchored in the "adults only" cove on lake Burton. The guys from the cabin cruiser had caught sight of me and floated over in tubes. I had spent the last hour talking with them, while they spent the last hour staring at my ass and the side of my tits, which was all they were getting for the moment. But that could change. The whole thing, including the two beers I had downed, had made me hot and edgy, a little buzz creeping into the cleft between my legs. I was being more than daring since Missouri banned public nudity and made it a class A misdemeanor punishable by up to 90 days in jail. If I were arrested, it might sack my academic and cheer scholarship to Stanford and Tyler, my former history teacher and current lover, would be caught up in the ensuing mess. Even though I was 19 and recently graduated, the backlash from him being associated with a girl who was so recently a student in an episode of public nudity would almost certainly cost him his job.
And yet, there he was, smiling at me, egging me on, holding my bikini top just out of reach so that I would have to stand up and expose my breasts just to put it back on. I'd already surveyed the boats in the small cove we'd anchored and confirmed that there really were no kids around. That would have been a showstopper. No, this was the racy crowd and every lake had one. Lots of string bikinis, a few silicone sisters with enormous fake racks, a few cigarette boats lashed together at common anchorage, and lots of runabouts, house boats and pontoons. A seemingly preordained culture of beer, boobs and buds. I had nice tits, even great tits if I was being entirely honest with myself, and I wasn't afraid to how them off, even in comparison with the zeppelins all around me, so I actively considered my options.
But there was a question pending and Tyler, who was a bit of a literalist, answered my question very literally. "They'll ply you with liquor, or dope maybe if they have it. And they'll talk to you a bit to make sure you're good and relaxed. Then, they might suggest that you take off that top again and sunbathe just for them on the back of their boat. Or, maybe they'll hint that you need some more sunscreen to give them an excuse to rub it over your back, legs and ass, your tits if they get really lucky, perhaps dropping a few fingers between your legs as they oil you up to work you a little to see if they can get you going and to see how wet you are.
Or, maybe they'll skip all that and once they think you're ready, they'll get right down to business. They'll invite you into the cabin to "show you around" and have you lay down on the bed--you know, just to check it out and see how posh it is. There's almost guaranteed to be a good-sized mattress on a rig that big. They'll sit down next to you and run their hands over you, maybe kiss you on the cheek or the neck. They'll be light on the touch at first, just long enough to make sure you're hot and ready to go. Then they'll strip that tiny thong off your bottom and eat you out to make sure you're so hot that you don't get second thoughts and go all squeamish on them when you start seeing cock. Then they'll strip themselves and take turns feeding you that cock in every hole you're willing to give them access. Maybe one, maybe two, maybe all three or four at once, cocks in the pussy, cocks in your hands, cocks in your mouth, and they'll keep on fucking until they're all fucked out. In the end, you'll be a complete mess, hair a mess, pussy and ass red and inflamed from the penetration, probably some reddening from the spanking they'd give you on the ass or tits. Oh, and I'm sure you'd be covered with cum, almost a certainty."
Tyler knew exactly what he was doing to me. And it worked. His little storytime sent visions of sugar-cocks dancing in my head and turned the buzz in my pussy into a full-blown itch that demanded that I scratch it. The warm summer sun and the dozen or so eyes that had been ogling me as I sunbathed topless across the back of our boat had already warmed my quim, but this little chat was sending me into overdrive, and I was now sopping wet.
I stood up on the transom for the whole world to see. At least a dozen more heads immediately swiveled in my direction to catch a glimpse at my tits. I smiled at them all, waved, then dove in. "You can keep the top, I'm heading over," I said, emerging from the water. "But I would like you to join me, just in case." I swam through the deep clear green water towards the cruiser. My guess is that Gene, the guy who appeared to be their leader of the four guys who'd been visiting with us, was the one who owned it. Tyler followed, holding my bikini top in his teeth like a retriever.
It all went down just like Tyler said. Gene, the shortish stocky leader of the group handed me a beer waiting the moment I topped the ladder to his boat.
"I wish I had something harder, but this is it," he said.
"Looks like you've got something plenty hard already," I answered lightly. The tent in his denim swimming shorts was painfully obvious. His friends laughed, but each of them sported their own pup tents and were nervously covering them with their hands or beers.
"Can I get another one for Tyler?" I asked and heard a collective groan. Tyler topped the ladder within seconds, prompting one of Gene's buddies to ask, "what'd you bring that for?" pointing to my top, and got the expected laughter. Tyler accepted the beer with good grace and sat down with me on the back of the boat, holding my hand possessively, but not impeding my show in the least.
The "crew" as I began to think of them, were undressing me with their eyes. This didn't take much work because probably 95% of my body was already uncovered. I had debated whether to even buy the tiny ruffled burgundy string bikini I had on--it was so daring. Then I'd debated further whether to bring it, and a third time whether to wear it. It consisted of a very narrow strip of fabric to cover my pussy, which barely, if, covered my labia fully, a relatively narrow adjustable fabric triangle up front that could be made even more narrow if I wanted by squeezing it along the top, and a backside that was more thong than bottom and left at least two-thirds or more of my cheeks exposed. I'd never worn anything so daring in my life, but my recent episodes with Tyler had made me more daring than I'd ever been before.
You see, just two months ago we were teacher and student. Well, that wasn't exactly true. We were teacher and student, yes, but much more was brewing. I'd caught Tyler staring at me, more precisely staring between my legs at my panties, during class. It had shocked me at first, but when I went home and thought it over at the end of the day, I realized that I liked it, very, very much. So I decided to tease him and did tease him mercilessly, wearing short skirts that made it easy for him to look and buying colorful thongs--even polka dots!--to draw his eyes to me. The whole next year was a cat and mouse game and though he didn't know it, I was the cat. On graduation night we became a real item when I sent him a short film of me masturbating and he returned the favor a few days later. We knew there was an incredible attraction between us, and we decided to take this trip to the lake together to seal the deal.
So, showing myself wasn't entirely new to me. I loved the way the guys on the big cruiser looked at me, gazing longingly at my tits and crotch and ass, sneaking peeks when they thought I wasn't looking, then darting their eyes away when I caught them lusting. The cold deep water of the cove had temporarily dampened the heat between my legs, but only temporarily. Now that I was out in the sun, in the company of five good looking men, and semi-exposed to many more men in the cove, my juices were flowing again. I wondered if the crew could see that. If they could, it would probably just be a matter of minutes before they tried to devour me.
"You look like you're turning pink there across the top, might want to put some of this on to keep from getting sunburn," Gene said, and tossed me a bottle of suntan oil. SPF 4, yeah, he was worried about sunburn.
"Thanks!" I said brightly. I leaned back on the padded transom, lifted the little brown bottle, and squirted a healthy dose across my chest. I looked out at the crew as I spread the clear oil over my collarbones, shoulders and arms, then, squirting another load across my chest rubbed the liquid across my breasts, pausing to make good and sure that the nipples were fully covered and pinching them slightly for effect. I moved my fingers down over my ribs as I shot a third streamer of the clear liquid onto my belly. Every eye in the boat was trained on me. Every eye tracked the movement of my hand over my hot flesh. Every eye watched as I spread the oily liquid across my stomach until, reaching the bottom, I dipped my fingers just below the top of the tiny triangle front of the bikini and spread the oily liquid beneath it, leaning back and closing my eyes in response to the incredibly sexy sensations I was feeling. I squirted still more of the liquid on the top of my right and left thighs then spread around including downward towards my cunt. The crew was drooling, in most cases figuratively, and some actually. Tyler smiled, enjoying the misery I was inflicting. After all, he'd been the victim of it for months, so no one knew better than he the feelings I was engendering.
"I could use a little help on my back, Gene," I said and turned to rest my elbows on the transom. This had me bending at the waist and prominently pushing in the direction of the crew my firm tight ass and revealing the small, burgundy-colored band as it traveled between my ass-cheeks, across my pussy and clit, and on to the other side. I winked at Tyler as I turned and he smiled back, but I also sensed tension in him.
"Holy fucking shit," one of the crew muttered quietly as I went on display, while two others whistled. I saw two hands on top of their owner's laps, rubbing hard cock up and down beneath their shorts.
"I think we'd all like to be helpful Landrie," he said, and stood right by me, wedging himself between the side of the boat and my body. At first, he was all professional, squirting the liquid onto my shoulders and rubbing it into the back of my arms and in the top and middle of my back--the only places that I in fact could not reach, and spending only the time strictly necessary to get good coverage.
But when he reached my waist things really took off. He got down on his knees next to me and said, "we want to make sure you get really good coverage because any little part that gets left uncovered might burn, you know. And it looks like there are some sensitive parts here you wouldn't want to get burned." Then he took my right ankle, lifted my foot, and spread my legs further apart. I felt the tiny band between my legs pull slightly to the side and the summer air hit my wet exposed pussy lips on that side. Once again there were gasps from the gallery.
Tyler, who had been holding my left hand when I was facing the crew, released it when I flipped over for Gale's rub-down. His arm was extended onto the transom just under me and I moved it down so that my nipples were pressing onto it. But, unlike our time alone, he was not aggressive. I leaned into his right ear and whispered, "pinch it, and keep on pinching it." He complied and electricity shot from my right nipple directly into my clit, which seemed now to be swimming in my own liquid.
Meanwhile Gale proved that two could tease. He covered my lower legs and thighs all the way up to the cut where bun meets thigh. Then, he stood back up and shot a couple of good squeezes of the liquid across my ass, just like a cock would act if it were shooting a load on me. The intentional nature of it wasn't lost on me. He stood back to admire his work for a moment as the liquid dripped down my ass, the rivulets bending toward the little chasm between each cheek.
"The key here is that this little piece of fabric might go anywhere, so the only way to make sure you have enough suntan lotion on is to get under it and make good and sure that you're completely covered down there. That way," he said helpfully, "there's no way you can get a sunburn."
"That's so thoughtful of you!" I gushed falsely, egging him on.
Instead of feeling fingers spreading the goo into my crack, I felt a sharp smack against my ass and his hand grip my entire left butt cheek. He inserted two fingers directly under the thong, then ran them straight down my crack, making no real effort to spread the lotion around. When his fingers reached my asshole, I flinched and heard "fucking shit" again from the tall skinny guy. Gale continued down until completing his journey and removing his fingers just after they had passed over my clit.
"Uhhhhhhh," I purred quietly and lurched against the sensation. You could feel the sexual tension on the open deck crackle. I felt, more than saw, him lift his hand up to show his crew. I knew it would be covered with my hot spunk. I heard the word "white" uttered by one of the crew in awe. Evidently, I'd already dribbled out some pre-cum, or perhaps something was left over from my fuck with Tyler that morning. Gale repeated the process on the left cheek, smacking it firmly, then dipping his fingers right back down into my crack, down, down, over the asshole, dawdling over it and dipping into it, then down further to my clit before exiting from the side. The whole thing took my breath away and I buried my face into the transom to avoid showing the entire cove that I was drunk on the sensation. Gale brushed up against me while he was working, and I felt his big hard dick strong against my side. He finished and I turned back around and sat down. Tyler released my nipple, leaving it engorged and extended for the entire crew to see.
"It felt like you did areally good job!" I said suggestively.
I would have thought this would have done it and that we would have gotten down to business right then, but evidently Gale wanted me to be just a bit more compliant. Just as Tyler projected, a massive joint was produced and passed from hand to hand amongst the crew. Gene passed it to me, just to be hospitable, I'm sure. I took a long drag and promptly coughed for a good minute, just like the newbie I was. The crew laughed and admitted that it was "very strong weed" so I might ought to take a little slower. I'd already had two beers on our boat and was on my third, so I only took a couple more hits off the blunt before passing it to Tyler. Or was it four, or five. I forget. Tyler demurred from smoking and just sipped his beer: "designated driver," he said. I knew he was holding back to protect me, to make sure this situation didn't go further than I wanted. But that was the question, wasn't it? How far did I want to go? Did I want to tease and leave, or tease and please?
I was buzzing, some from the beer and weed, sure, but infinitely more from the attention, which wasn't coming just from inside the big boat. The entire "adults only" cove had turned its attention to us, watching our little one act play, almost certainly placing their mental wagers on how far it would go. If the men in the cove had their choice, they'd like to see me gang-banged on the broad cushioned transom, a live porn show unexpectedly plopped into an otherwise sedate weekend with the wife or girlfriend. The girlfriends were probably angry at having their men diverted, but a few looked on with unabashed interest, probably wishing they had the guts to do what I was doing or that they were receiving the treatment I was getting.
As for me, I felt like a fucking Goddess. I had never flaunted myself like this in public, never allowed a stranger to publicly touch my most sensitive parts, never had the very evidence of my sexual arousal--my wetness--so boldly revealed to so many, and never, ever, been in total command of the attention of a small army of sex-hungry men. It was a narcotic, and I was completely high on it.
"Ever seen the inside of a big boat like this?" Gene asked.
I canted my eyes toward Tyler, who lifted his eyebrows in a gesture that said: "I told you so."
"No, I can't say that I have," I answered with intentionally fake innocence. I ran my tongue over my top lip slowly and sexily and, with a voice syrupy with seduction, added "I've always wondered what they were like, and what went on inside."
"Well, this is your lucky day then," Gene said pleasantly, acknowledging my open invitation with a smile and a nod. We went into the cabin, Tyler's hand reinserted into mine. Tyler's prediction of their approach was so accurate that it was as if he had choreographed the whole thing. I was shown the kitchen and the surprisingly large shower stall, on which Gene wasted no more than 30 seconds. Gene then opened the big bi-fold door that separated the front and back sections of the cabin and crawled onto the bed. The bed was knee-high and shaped to conform to the front prow of the boat, like a king-sized large triangle squared off at the top. Someone had custom-built eyebolts into the cabinets at strategic positions. There was only one purpose they could serve--to restrain someone. The sight of them took my breath away and I felt myself gush again. This wasn't a boat; it was a floating sex palace.
"Give it try," Gene suggested patting the mattress, and Tyler and I entered the frontmost cabin and laid down on the bed together. It was surprisingly thick and comfortable.
"I had it custom made," Gene said, gauging my reaction. "The original mattress was a piece of crap, so I wanted something better. Since you sleep and do other things on it, a mattress isn't where you pinch pennies. How do you like it?"
"Fabulous," I said continuing in the ultra-slutty voice I'd used to gain access to the cabin. I ran my hand across the thick cover, "the kind of place you'd like to spend an awful lot of time."
"So how about you spend a little time with us then?" Gene asked. "That be okay with you Tyler?"
"She's her own girl," Tyler said quickly. His voice was filled with tension, and I could tell that he didn't mean it. It was more of an automated response. He no more wanted me to lay with these guys than he wanted an ice water enema. He had said it for my benefit because he loved me and wanted me to be free to make my own call.
"I can't very well answer that without seeing what I'm getting into, can I?" I asked, pressing onward. I wasn't sure whether I wanted to see if the crew would really fuck me, or how Tyler would react. Maybe both. "You boys have me at a disadvantage. I've shown you just about everything I have, and you haven't shown me a thing, have you?"
"Not true," Gene said, "you haven't shown us everything. How about we trade?" he said pointing at my bikini bottom and lowering his denim shorts to the ground. He was wearing no underwear, and so was now fully nude, and hairy, and fucking big. He was thick, but an athletic thick, the kind of guy who would have played fullback or a too-short linebacker in high school. He had a rounded gut that had once been nearly all muscle but now trended towards fat. His cock was remarkable and much like the man bearing it--short, but extremely thick, and wide. My pussy drooled for the want of it.
The rest of the crew followed suit immediately and Jeff, the tallest, lankiest and lily-whitest of the crew, made to shut the cabin door. I looked out the back of the big cruiser and saw that two "neighbors," a couple of rough-looking heavily tattooed "biker" types, had swum over and joined us. They were now standing, staring at the four nude men and me.
I had a decision to make. I looked at Tyler, who stared back at me evenly, no hint of approval or condemnation. Honestly, if he'd shown the least hesitation, I would have backed down, put my top back on, and left the boat. The mere lead-up to a gang bang would have been enough of a thrill to set me on edge for hours and make our sex together nuclear. I knew that.
"Don't close the door." I heard myself say, "It'll just get too hot." Each of the four nude men now looked at me with renewed hunger. The verdict, indeed, the sexual meal, had just been delivered, they were about to feast, and they knew it. The two tattooed men on the transom heard the verdict as well. At a minimum they'd have the best floorshow they'd ever seen, and if they got really lucky, they would get a "piece" of the action as well. My heart in my throat, I stood up on my knees on the mattress and slowly reached for the strings tying the right side of my bikini bottom. Looking Gene in the eye, I pulled one of the strings slowly and seductively outward until the knot gave way and the right side of the bikini bottom fell away too. The men could now see nearly all my right ass-cheek and my right hip.
I knew just what I was going to do once I was fully naked. I was going to do a real floor show. I was going to make the rest of the crew and Tyler watch me take that fat meaty cock in my hand and run my tongue up and down it. I had a long tongue, Tyler called it a "Gene Simmons" tongue. I would run the tip of it under his glans and if I were lucky, he'd have a little dribble of pre-cum on the tip that I could lick and make a streamer of so that all the other boys could see it. Then I'd go down on him, at least as far as I could go given how thick the damned thing was. The rest of them would want to be on me in seconds. All of them, except Tyler, were already strumming their cocks and were hard and ready.
I smiled and moved my right hand to the left bikini tie, drawing out the process of undoing the knot. It must have taken me ten seconds to pull the simple cord, I would have taken more if I could. I heard the breathing in the cabin grow quicker and deepen. The boys were entering rutting season, and I was the doe. The bikini unwound completely, and I felt the air on my ass crack and pussy. I pulled the bikini away, leaving myself completely nude, and bent down at the waist towards Gene. This would expose to the crew, the two tatoos, and anyone in the cove with a good enough view or binoculars, my muscular thighs, ass and shaved pussy. I could feel the caress of the air on me, and a little dribble of moisture run down my quim to my clit and onto the bedsheet.
"So, from the look of things," I said nodding to the embedded eyebolts, "you've tried out the mattress," but I haven't. I don't think you can really put something like this to the test without working it over a little, don't you?" Gene knew an invitation when he heard it. He looked briefly at Tyler then situated himself in front of me on the big bed, putting one leg on the right of my now nude body, the other on the left, a not very subtle signal that he wanted me to go down on him.
I moved towards him and reached out with my hands to take him into my mouth. Just then I felt a pat from Tyler on my right rump.
"I've got to go," he said.
"Whaaa??" I said not comprehending, my mind addled by lust, beer and dope.
"I've got to go. I can't stay for this. I'm not saying you can't do it, or shouldn't do it, but I don't want to be part of it. I've got to go."
With that he stood up to leave. Unlike the others, his cock was shriveled into a normal size. It had never inflated an ounce.
"Wait, don't go. PLEASE! DON'T GO. STAY. PLEASE, PLEEEASE!!" I shouted.
Tyler stopped only momentarily, then kissed me on the forehead and said "I've got to go. I can't watch this."
"NOOO, NO, NO, I don't want you to leave, you can't leave, No, No No!"
"Landrie! LANDRIE!!!" I heard my mom shout as she shook my knee. "You're having a bad dream honey! It's okay. It's just a dream." I grogged awake and looked out the car window. All I saw was the hot parched Nevada desert pass by. I put my hand to my head and full recall came back. My parents, little sister and I were all heading to Stanford to drop me off. I had fallen asleep and dreamt. Lord! Had I been moaning like I was in heat? I looked over at my sister Susie, who winked at me. Oh shit! I had been moaning, or maybe my pelvis had been moving against dreamt-of fingers and cocks. At least mom and dad didn't seem to have noticed. And fuck Susie anyway, little bitch had been rummaging through my drawers and stealing my porn haul from uncle Eddie's barn for weeks now. It was a miracle I was able to pull the thing with Tyler off without her learning of it.
Susie leaned over, cupped her hands and whispered "who were you fucking in your dream? It sounded like you were getting it pretty good. Just one guy? Or a bunch?" She leaned back and gave herI've got one on yousmile.
I leaned over, cupped my hands to her ears and whispered, "eleven point five hours and I'm rid of you, forever."
Susie feigned hurt by quivering her big lower lip then laughed at me. I shot her the bird.
I was forced to take stock. Dad had decided that we needed to travel US 50, the "Loneliest Road in America" according to Life Magazine in order to get to Palo Alto. "Denver, Fort Collins, Salt Lake City, Orem, Provo, Delta, Ely, Eureka, then on from there! Piece of cake!" he'd said enthusiastically. My dad said and did everything enthusiastically, even his choices leading to disasters like this one. Life Magazine wasn't wrong. But it wasn't 1986 and the road had gone from lonely to desolate, desperate, and utterly depressing.
I turned away to think through the dream. It was about all I could do other than listen to music or watch something I'd already loaded. Nothing streamed this far away from civilization. I put on some Brahms to calm me down and began thinking through it bit by bit. I probably had one of the worst cases of obsessive-compulsive disorder in history. How else does one go 12 years without missing a day of school and never score a "B?" And why else analyze an erotic dream instead of simply appreciating it? My thong was soaked, it had been a great dream until it ended badly, so good that it was a miracle that I hadn't scented up the whole Suburban. Well,make it useful, I thought.
I knew what had triggered the dream. When Tyler and I had our getaway, the sex had been off-the-charts good. Of course, itwasmy first real full-bore sex, so it might seem like it was off the charts good only because I had nothing to compare it to. But I felt sure that was wrong. I had a gigantic but still ill-defined emotional connection to Tyler. He was my teacher, counselor, coach, mentor, voyeur, prick tease, and now he was my lover. But for how long? Although we most likely would never end up together, we loved one other and we knew it.
When we'd made our weekend on lake Burton, Tyler and I had showered together, and that's where he'd introduced me to anal sex. For over thirty mind-bending minutes he had introduced me to anal, oiling us both up, penetrating me and generally talking filthy and spanking me around to push my lust into the stratosphere. He had talked me through the scenario I'd just dreamt:
"Would you like to show your pussy and tits off to an entire room full of men Landrie? To have them all watching us fuck like this, my cock in your tight little bunghole? All of them wanting you, jerking their cocks? If we'd pushed it, those guys today would have taken you into one of those cabin cruisers and stripped you and laid you down on the bed. They would have sucked your tits Landrie and played with your beautiful little pussy until you'd lost all control and they would have taken turns sucking on your clit then fucking you. And you know what? Everyone in the whole cove would know it because they'd see the boat jumping around and making waves as they screwed you. They wouldn't be satisfied just to cum in your pussy Landrie, they'd want to cum in your mouth. And you would let them, wouldn't you?"
I had answered "yes" to his questions again and again, and I had meant it, at least in that instant. Apparently, the little scenario was good enough for me not only to remember, but to become so deeply enough embedded in my psyche that it led to the dream.
Only, why did Tyler leave in my dream? He was the one who had suggested the whole thing in the first place. Thinking through it, I realized that Tyler was just putting up a brave front and what he really wanted was to have me for himself. He didn't want to share me and the very idea of sharing me was so repugnant that he couldn't bear to see it or think about it. And yet, what was it he'd said at the end "I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, or you can't do it. I just can't be part of it."
And that was the way of it in real life too. We had confessed that we loved one another, but in the next breath admitted that we shouldn't be exclusive. I was nineteen, he was thirty-two. I would be in Palo Alto, while he'd be back home in Kansas. I had almost no experience of any significance with men other than with Tyler. It would be both stupid and short-sighted to of me to commit to him before I knew anything at all about the world. He had agreed very enthusiastically with the decision to not tie each other down. I had subconsciously come to the realization that while Tyler knew I would have eye-opening life experiences with other guys, he would not be the least bit interested in hearing about them.
But his departure in the dream had left me panicked. Once again, this part of the dream wasn't that hard to interpret. Tyler was my "safe zone." When I was with him, I felt comfortable being daring. I had worn the "almost nothing bikini" as he'd nicknamed it on lake Burton, and I had done some teasing with it at the big restaurant on the lake and in the adults only cove. Reality had stopped with me sunbathing topless (but face down) and only momentarily standing up to retrieve my top from Tyler. We had both laughed at the gawking and occasional minor accidents the sight of me in the skimpy little bikini had caused. But now that he was out of the picture and I was alone, I didn't feel so bold. And that is exactly the way it was going to be at Stanford. Initially, at least, I would be alone and figuring out my sexuality all on my own, and that scared the hell out of me.