Wednesday morning...Dress code dismissal day...WOOHOO!!
Yawning even after her morning shower, and second cup of coffee, Piper Cherry paraded about her home in only her G-string. With zero curtains on any window she was the highlight of Hooter's Crossing. Exploring her huge walk in closet for clothes that might fit what both the Principal of Horton-Dexter High School, and her entourage of horny students would find appealing she set aside multiple choices. Strung out over her bedding trying to decide she hears a whine behind her.
"What? Too much material?"
Hands on her hips she looks down at her faithful pooch Rotten staring up at her from the bedroom doorway. A huffed "Woof!" let her know he had to go potty, that and the leash laying at his paws, dropped when he spoke.
"Fuck Me! Why can't you learn to walk yourself? Dammit! Go wake up Mace. Naaa! He always gets stuck walking you doesn't he? Gimme a minute." She finds herself tempted to call the McKellen twins to come walk Rotten when she saw the time, "Still cozy in their beds. Fine! Let's do this." She bends down retrieving his leash and hooks it to his collar. The second she started to stand the dog turned and yanked her off balance. Dancing in step to keep up she followed him to the front door.
"Hey! I might need a robe Shithead." He jumped on the door barking. "I hope the neighborhood watch has their binoculars ready." Opening the door Rotten barely gives her time to keep up. Barefoot in only her navy blue G-string she finds herself out in the middle of her front yard. Shivering at the faint breeze stimulating her nipples she watches Rotten sniff around for just the perfect spot to...stand there.
"Really? Are we like just going to pose for everyone? There are a few neighbors that aren't pervs like the McKellen's, Knox, and Travis." A car pulling out of its garage three houses down makes Piper edgy. "You're lucky Rotten. It's a guy." Driving by slowly the man in his Nissan Pathfinder spotted her in all of her glory and came to a halt in the middle of Epicenter Court. Rolling his window down he chuckled, "Must be the morning chill. My dog hates the dew, he can never take a leak." The man was probably 45 in age with a car salesman vibe, peppered grey hair over a once lush brown.
"If he doesn't hurry up I might beat him to the punch. I just realized I need to tinkle myself."
"Never know it might give him a hint. You know what they say about Alpha's, follow the leader."
"You just wanna see if I pull my panties down and squat." She points at him playfully.
"Gotta say, that would put a smile on my face the rest of the day."
"Uh huh! What's your name Pathfinder?"
"Kieron Daniels, you might know me from the commercials on TV. I own K. Dan's Sedans." He jests. "Car dealership over on Lemon Avenue." Boy did she know how to predict a person's career.
"Oh, that just makes me wanna shop for a new car. Lemon Avenue, seriously?"
"I know, I know! Trust me I'm legit. Family owned car lot, Me and my Dad. I stand by my sales. Mind if I ask...do you always walk your dog naked?"
"I'm not naked." She snaps her G-string band a little too hard and it snaps on one side, "Shit! I loved this G-string. Okay, almost naked." Dropping the string her panties sag on one side revealing more of her bikini area. "Will you go already."
"I guess I better." He chuckled.
"Not you K.Dan. I'm talking to my garden gnome there. Oh, I'm Piper by the way."
"Pleasure to meet you Piper. I hope to see more of you."
"Easy enough." She just peels what was left of her panties off and tosses it at Rotten. "Here use this to pick up your shit, I forgot to bring a baggie."
"That's funny. Should I offer a wolf call or will your pup attack my car?"
"Call of the Mild. Whistle away K.Dan." She poses seductively laughing at herself before growling, "ROTTEN! Dammit Boy!" The dog just sits down and looks at her, timidly sniffing the air.
"Are you always this open?"
"Well, K.Dan, as the saying goes, unlike MY DOG..." She emphasizes toward Rotten trying to coax him into going, "Open to interpretation. What you see is what some men get."
"Damn! That's hot. I think you saw what house I pulled out of, drop by sometime I'll mix some martini's."
"Will do...well maybe do." She sticks her tongue out at him. She loved making guys think they stood a chance. Kieron wasn't a hottie but he wasn't a cube melting in the sun either. Grinning at her he whistled one last time and nodded his hopefulness before driving off. As she fluttered her fingers back at him and shifted in poses for his amusement she felt the leash pull in her hand. Rotten had walked over to her discarded panties and began sniffing. "Ohhhhhh, no you didn't."
She marched right over to him and bent down snatching them up. Scolding him with her fingertip tapping his nose she recited, "Not for puppy. Not for puppy." It was then he squatted and took a healthy shit. Wincing at the odor Piper rolled her eyes. "Now he gives a shit." Grimacing at using her favorite panties to pick up his crap she headed back inside. One last tug on her she halted halfway to her front door, hiking his leg to take a leak on her front yard lamp post. "Uggggggggh!" After taking Rotten back inside she disposed of her doggy bag along with her panties by double bagging them and taking them back outside to her garbage can.
"I need to get a move on. It looks like Josie is getting ready to leave for work." She hears the McKellen's garage door opening up. "Henry must be taking the girls to school again today. If she's heading out this early she's probably meeting Roman." She was dead wrong this time. Josie had plans to meet Reese and a few of his fellow basketball players, but you knew that. There was no end to her besties sexual rendezvouses. "I really hope for Henry's sake he can keep coping with their sex drive. Maybe I should take Roman for a spin myself and see what all the hoopla is. If she's not in love with the guy he must have a hidden talent. Ah well, that's between them." Shrugging she heads back in and washes her hands thoroughly.
Returning to her bedroom she finds Rotten laying on his padded bed on the floor near her dresser. "That's right, you just have yourself a tension free day." Looking over her selection of dresses on her mattress she holds them up in front of her with indecision, "Orange sleeveless halter dress with no back, or wine colored version with deeper cleavage. Hemline Heaven on either one. Help me pick one Rotten. Left or right?" She poses both dresses with eagle wide arms to see which he looked at as a tie breaker. He chose to glance at the orange. "Good choice. Dreamcicle it is."
Hanging her other selections up in her closet she slips the orange dress on, tying it around her neck albeit loosely, and admires herself in her vanity mirror. "No hiding the laser pointers that's for sure." She closely admired her bullet casing nipples, then twists in step to inspect the backside. "I hope Carl can cope with my back showing an awful lot of spine, this dress borders butt crack alley. If it bites me in the ass I'll just..." Her back checked out better in an actual mirror the snug fit sharing her butt crease vibrantly proved easily she had no panties on. "...ask for another nibble. Damn! That's one sexy ass." It wasn't ego, it was fact.
Exploring her front in the mirror she frowns, "Cleavage is open but the wine dress had a deeper cut. Regardless all eyes are going to check the ladies out before even saying good morning to me. Shoes..." She heads back into her closet and peruses her options, "Did my nails last night in canary yellow so I'm good with the orange not clashing with them. Yellow heels? Not feeling them, maybe white...yep." She selected a pair of six inch heels with no toes to highlight her nails, the white thin bands attached to them wound around her lower calves to accent her well toned legs.
"Well, Counsellor, I'm thinking your patients are going to have need of therapy after seeing me in this. My entire back is open clear down to my ass. Another half inch lower it's plumbers crack. Should I wear panties at least?" Caressing her bottom and lower abdomen she frowns, "Naaaa! It's time I honored Josie and my pact of no panties. Carl knows I go without. Cameras have caught me way too many times, so why bother. Let's give my fans what they asked for. Hell, let's give my Detainees what they're begging for. This day just could be the sexiest day yet."
Time running out she fed and watered Rotten in the kitchen and nurtured a bit more coffee before grabbing her cell from it's charging dock and her purse. "Mace must be worn out from all the cheerleaders last night. Poor kid!" If she only knew what her squad of whores had done behind her back she would have scolded Mace. Truthfully it wasn't his fault he had a monster cock and the cheerleaders found creative ways to get it. Who was he to deny so many hot pieces of ass? Heading out to her own garage to start her SUV Piper triggered the garage door remote. To her surprise she found two young ladies outside waiting, holding their book bags. Rolling her window down Piper stuck her head out, "Hitchhiking?"
"Mom left texts and told us to bum a ride. Daddy is busy on his game, and on the phone with his co-designer Tessa." Sable opened up while Dakota was busy texting her friend Andrea comparing notes on what they were wearing, it being Wednesday and Principal Manley allowing the students to dress more openly. With only one day a week to feel the freedom Andrea wanted to make it count.
"Ah! The infamous co-worker. Henry and she have been working pretty hard on his...ummm...war game."
"Frisky isn't a war game Piper." Dakota revealed. She still called Frisque as Frisky. "Daddy finally told us what he's designing. He even let us watch a few clips. Sexy stuff." A bluff on her part, he had done no such thing. They had overheard he and their Mother discussing the game while trapped under their bed forced to listen to them having hardcore sex.
"Wow! I thought he didn't want you girls to think badly of him."
"We...talked him into it." Dakota sheepishly grinned at her already blushing sister. Sable also withheld the truth fearing trouble.
"My ears are burning. Get your asses in before we're late." Piper unlocks the other doors and Sable calls shotgun climbing in the front seat, while Dakota sat in back. Once buckled in the girls instantly noted Piper's very revealing dress.
"Y-you're wearing...that to school?" Sable flared her eyes in awe.
"I am. Are you wearing that?" She points at Dakota's own dress with lots of boobage and the hemline equally as short as Piper's. Being a button down dress she was already boasting a vivid cleavage, just as she had in wearing shirts almost wide open the last two days. "Relax I'm just giving you a taste of your own medicinal. You look gorgeous. You both do." Dakota in a white dress with tiny red blossoms on it, Sable in a lengthier dress to her kneecaps in burgundy.
"Gosh! Mister Manley might send us all home to change." Sable giggled.
"Somehow I doubt that." Piper backs out of her garage and uses her programmed remote to seal her garage door down. Curious, Dakota unfastens her seatbelt and lifts toward the center console to check out Piper's dress.
"Whoa! I want one of those." She points at the opened back. "I think Mom has something similar."
"We need to raid her closet again." Sable grins changing her mind, wanting to fit in with her sister. At least Sable seemed less down this morning. Piper didn't want to bring up the whole cheerleading sideshow. She knew Sable was out of her league but it wasn't going to stop Piper from trying. She could skip the football game on Friday unless she chose to go on her own. Pondering the girl getting her braces out on Friday she hoped that might add to her spark. Time would tell.
"We just went shopping, why do you guys need to do that?"
"Ours aren't as..." Sable fidgets.
"Slutty?" Piper lowered her sunglasses with a grin, "I can live with that."
"Mom was dressing...a little more revealing than usual too the last few days. I'm not even sure what she wore this morning she was gone before we got up. She didn't get home until almost 8:00 last night. Went straight to bed." She frowned at her Mom's seemingly immature routine. The twins aware of Roman now but not acknowledging it only added to their opinion of Josie. They loved and adored their Mother, but it was challenging at times. Changing the topic of her thoughts Dakota pepped up with, "If you two can get away with it why can't the students? I wanna dress sexy." Dakota pleads her case. As if she wasn't sexy now.
"This is Wednesday Dakota. I asked Carl to change the dress code and he did. That's why you're wearing those dresses. Why are you bitching? You had your shirt unbuttoned to your navel Monday and Tuesday both. You got a head start on everybody." Piper grins looking away, knowing that Carl had seen Dakota both days and hadn't said a word to the girl. She merely wanted the girls to put their Principal on the spot at some point over it, so she could laugh at his awkwardness.
"I know." Dakota broke out into a brilliant smile, "It was awesome, but scary." Dakota shivered and knew right then that she would defend the other students rights going forward. Sable agreed with a sideways seated position, she too having had an unbuttoned shirt for a short while just to be a part of the crowd.
"Chilly too I bet." Piper chuckled. "You two know I unbuttoned your shirts in front of your Mother for a reason right? It's because I'm on your sides. No more kiddy clothes for you beautiful young women."
"You should take us shopping again Piper." Sable chuckled. "So, we can buy dresses like you're wearing."
"You said that four minutes ago. Geez Louise! I told you I can do that. Ask your mom for a boost in your allowances and you might be able to afford to share a dress like mine." Piper had to rub it in how expensive her wardrobe was.
"We don't even get allowances, our parents usually just buy what we ask for." Sable scowled, "I don't think Mom would want to buy us...clothes like that."
"Daddy might." Dakota pepped up, then changed expression to that of, "Oh shit!" She did not want Piper to know how the girls were getting closer to their Father on a secret level. A bit...too close in some cases. Even their Father was becoming a shade more exhibitionist in front of them. Of course, they, especially Dakota returned the flavor. Sable? Still on the fence, but getting there.
Knowing that their Dad's co-worker Tessa was trying to get him to incorporate versions of the twins into his porn RPG game, their imaginations were all over the charts. To make matters worse Tessa Harper had even hinted that they should tease their Father even more, that day at Piper's cookout. Dakota at least. Her thoughts that Henry might be persuaded to add the girls actions to his game and stop stressing over the morality of it all.
"Changing the subject..." Piper sighed with a worried glint in her eyes, "How's the new boyfriend?"
"Travis is..." Sable freezes, "Oh, you meant Dakota's boyfriend Angus."
"Hold the phone. You and Pervy Travis?" She put Sable on the spot. As if she hadn't already guessed but found it charming.
"Not really. He asked me out for pizza, but I haven't talked to Mom and Dad about it yet. We just flirt. After yesterday though I'm not sure where we stand. He isn't texting me."
"Maybe Travis just needs time to cope. I'm sure he's worried about those YouBoob videos the students circulated online. Not just because he was caught naked, but you were in a compromising position too."
"I'll never live that down." Sable pouted, "Why am I going to school? I'll be ridiculed all day."
"The cheerleaders didn't ridicule you much last night did they?"
"I guess not. It's early though."
"Worry about it as it happens Kiddo. Just roll with the pinches."
"Punches." Sable corrected her.
"Says you. I bet they pinch harder." Piper razzes her with her tongue, "What about AngASS?" Piper peered into her rearview at Dakota.
"We're not girlfriend/ boyfriend. He's still dating Robin Banks, but she said last night they broke up. I'm not sure until he and I talk. I feel like she's lying. It felt so weird being around her during your cheerleading practice last night. He has asked me out though, a couple times now." The whole Robin Banks being his current girlfriend was preempting their dating. Dakota was trying hard to be smart about it. Of course, Robin did warn her about Angus, yet she was smart enough to know an old girlfriend would always trash talk their past lovers. Angus could speak for himself.
"But, you want him to be right?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSS!" Dakota grew giddy, then silenced just as quickly, "I think so. I just need to be sure of what I'm getting into. Is he trustworthy?"
Piper grit her teeth looking out the drivers door, "Hell no. I can't tell her he and his crew stripped me at Detention yesterday. That would crush her. Bad enough they caught a ride with me five minutes after I got dressed. That could have been a blow to both of us. I love these girls, I just...can't ignore my own needs. Being undressed and touched by 21 guys was...amazing. If they keep their words, which even I know is ify I intend to do more of that. All those magnificent cocks jerking off in front of me...a couple over me...no way am I not experiencing more of that. Fingers crossed I don't destroy friendships here."
"Piper?" Dakota found her neighbor withdrawn. "Should I let Angus ask me out again?"
"When you're sure what you want ask him out, Sade Hawkins style." Blending the singer Sade for her soulful seductive music, and the reverse psychology of girls asking guys. Even though Piper was dealing with Angus in Detention finding him sexy hot herself she was supportive of Dakota's hopefulness. Shameless as Piper was, it did scare her that letting Angus play with her in Detention would come back to haunt her. Hurting Dakota was not what she wanted, but her hormones were just too high to deny.
"I can do that?" She pondered the idea. "When the time is right."
"Nuff said." Piper switched back to Sable, "Back to you Shotgun Sally...Travis asked you out so why haven't you ran it by your parents?"
"I'm not ready just yet. Travis...can be childish. I want a real man." Her tune was changing fast.
"Ohhh! A real man? That's...interesting. So Travis is a no go?"
"I never said that. I'm just keeping my options open. Tawny told me Corey Samson was looking at me, I like him better. He's a football player."
"Even though he tossed Travis in a trash bin? I know Corey. He's was in Detention yesterday. A bad boy type. Travis is better for you I think."
"I like Corey though. I mean...what he did was wrong but...don't confuse me." Sable swats at Piper pouting.
"Why hasn't Corey asked you out then?"
"I'm not sure. He told me yesterday I wasn't his type. I think it's my braces. He doesn't want anyone to make fun of him. Although, he did say he wore braces once too. I'm lost."
"You worry about those braces too much Sable." Dakota chimed in, "They're coming out Friday."
"I know. Maybe he will ask me out once he sees me not wearing them anymore. I really hope he was lying about not being my type."
"Well then, "Piper pondered aloud, "If he's having a hard time getting up the courage to ask you again, put him on the spot, then you should help him relax by showing him you're worth his effort."
"She already did that." Dakota snorts recalling their day a week earlier by Piper's pool when they rescued Travis from drowning. Sable had gotten over her nerves and assisted Travis in...let's just say...relaxing after overtaxing. Mostly on his part. She did watch. So, did Dakota to a point. "Oh! I thought you meant Travis. My bad!"
"My ears are still on fire." Piper chuckled. She was afraid to know the reality behind Dakota's comment. Sable beside Piper fidgeted, rocking back and forth while biting her lip.
"I almost gave Travis a handjob." She blurted out. "He finished."
"Oh Christ! My ears just melted off. Please don't go into detail." Piper just knew it was going to be a messy story.
"A LOT!" Sable emphasized leaning toward Piper grinning devilishly. "More than he did on the bleachers yesterday."
"About Angus...you never answered my question." Piper tuned out Sable letting her pout.
Looking up from her cell after buckling her seatbelt back up Dakota shrugged, "What question? I told you I'm biding my time because of Robin. I haven't lost my virginity since then." She chuckled.
"Oh! Well that's certainly good."
"Maybe this weekend."
"What?" Even Sable had to join that word with her own version. "What?"
"I'm joking! Gawwwwwwd! You guys are so naïve."
"Is he who you'd want to lose it too?" Piper grew curiously nervous.
"I don't know. There's someone I have in mind for that but I don't think he's...thinking like I do." Dakota smirks, "Don't tell Mom."
"My lips are sealed. So are my eyes. Shit I can't drive with my eyes closed." The girls laughed as Piper turned on her stereo and programmed a song list on Spotify. Seconds later they were rocking out to Five Finger Depth Punch, as Piper called them, the mental vision of being fisted made her giggle, not that she wanted that kind of high five. The remainder of the ride was tuning out the world. Sable however contemplated asking out Corey Samson, as well as that notion of losing her own virginity. Travis was on her thoughts too. So was a certain much older man. They were both growing up waaaaay too fast. Auntie Piper felt dead set in the crosshairs.
********
"Okay, I had an idea yesterday." Henry McKellen spoke to Tessa Harper via skype. This early in the morning the busty blond beauty still wore a nightshirt boasting this time Star Trek instead of Star Wars. Unlike many other sci-fi fans she was equal opportunity. Her hair a mess from sleeping and not caring if Henry saw her made him smirk, but he certainly didn't put her down. Even at her worst the kid was drop dead gorgeous. He was actually becoming quite fond of her. Having a hot sexy Russian roommate didn't hurt her chances one bit. Having fucked both young women in his very own kitchen his imaginations were on warp factor seven without the assist of Mr. Sulu.
Everything of late increased his storytelling abilities toward his RPG game Frisque. From his new neighbor's scalding hot everything, to his wife's appetite sexually, to Kelly Herbert's slave dedication episode after episode of the game was coming together hard, in a very delicious way. Having Cheerleaders practicing next door at Piper's was the topping on one hell of a layer cake.
"Decide on the daughter incest?" Tessa interrupted his idea, stretching vividly in front of him in her Trekkie almost nekkie shirt. Her beautiful breasts poising as if to say "Lookie at us." Henry couldn't resist, pausing in thought to watch her. Before she could return her posture to normal her roomie Svetty entered the monitor moving behind Tessa and placing her chin on the girls shoulder. Tessa's hands loitered in the buxom blonds hair while Svetlana reached around devilishly and squeezed her roommates bulging breasts.
"Breakfast is served." Svetty winked at Henry across the server and pulled Tessa's t-shirt up to show him her tits. Wrinkled up over her chest while Svetty teased her flesh Tessa melted and the two girls began kissing right in front of him. Henry just sat back and enjoyed the show. He totally forgot what he intended to tell her about Kelly and the dominance topic. For the next ten minutes he just observed them making out and taking it to the bed behind Tessa's computer desk. "Gotta love bisexuals. From Russia with Lust!"
In studying their sexual ravishing he heard both girls mumbling, "Oh Daddy. Watch us. Play with us Daddy." He knew damn well this was staged to antagonize his thoughts on putting his daughters into Frisque. While he had been mulling it over the idea of actually using his real daughters as template models just seemed too out there. Making matters harder was the fact he overheard Dakota moaning just like Svetty and Tessa concerning the term Daddy. He was already struggling inside that Dakota might have a daddy crush on him. While it felt wrong, it also made him smile. He loved his daughter very much. Deciding this ordeal was not getting much work done he just shut his laptop down and went back to design work on his own. Let the kids play.
********
Pulling into the Horton-Dexter faculty parking Piper shut her music down. Turning to the twins she had to ask. "Alright Munchkin's. Aunt Piper has to ask...underwear on?" She looked straight back at Dakota knowing if anyone was breaking the law it would be her. "I know there's no bra up North, but what about South Dakota?"
"Are you wearing any AUNT Piper?" Dakota resisted showing her, her knees clenched tightly side by side. Although not their real Aunt the girls rather liked the adoption idea.
"Just checking. No I'm not. But, I just don't want any boys getting too intimate with you guys."
"Jealous?" Dakota flipped her tongue out at Piper.
Smirking at her Piper added fuel to the debate, "Sweetie! Miss Cherry could get any man or woman in this burg."
"Got that right." Sable chuckled feeling better in her imbalance of emotions since yesterday. "I'm wearing a thong. No bra though."
"Good. Listen ladies, I'm not telling either of you what and what not to do. You're old enough to make your own decisions. I'm just..." She frowns at herself, "So not Mother Hen. Go peck. Just not pecker."
The girls giggled as Piper rolled her eyes, "I don't know why I felt as if I needed to give you two any peck talk. Just be careful out there. Although you're both foxes, the henhouse is bound to be invaded today. Take a look out there." She pointed at a dozen girls walking from the parking lots, all but one had a short dress like Piper's. Dakota's while short still rode lower than theirs.
"For the record?" Dakota spoke up, "I was wearing panties." She lifts her ass from her seat reaching up under her skirt to yank her own thong down, then peeled it from her pumps. Into her book bag they went. Piper had to pinch the bridge of her nose.
"So seeing all these lovely ladies wearing dresses you presume they're all going CUMmando?"
"Cheerleaders for sure. None of them wore any at practice last night." Sable informed Piper, as if she didn't know. "Especially you Piper."
"Not a good example am I?"
"We're used to it. Remember our Mom?" She pointed out.
"Right! Okay Wenchkins." She switched up the Munchkin thought, these young ladies were no longer kids. "Let's strut the smut." Taking the lead the girls followed. Once the SUV was locked up they trailed behind Piper along the sidewalk. Admiring her orange dress sinking so low on her back the girls giggled at seeing a very faint hint of butt crack. Her wiggle was enough to mesmerize even them. Admiration played into Piper's every step. Not only from the twins, it became evident that every boy Piper passed was glued to her skimpy outfit. The wolf calls were circulating from all sides. Turning to walk backwards, Piper uses her hands as if to introduce the twins to their echoes.
"I give you the McKellen cuties. Whistle away boys."
Jaws dropping the girls noticed the change in the wolves, now eying Dakota and Sable as if they were the best thing since cherry pie. Compliments were sent their way as much as they were Piper's. Hugging one another's arms for support the twins fluttered fingers as if walking the red carpet at the Oscars. Pausing slightly in step they lagged behind Piper as she moved on toward the entrance. She wanted space to flirt more on her own without the girls seeing too much. She knew if the boys outside ran interference she could tease once inside the school.
Scanning her badge to enter the turnstile Piper was greeted by a number of her cheerleaders. Octavia, Deanna, Tawny, and Lily who wore dresses with cleavages expressed in a Dakota way. Skirts so high that their own butt cheeks were tempting the boys long before Piper had the chance.
"Hi Piper." Lily spoke first, "Oh my God! Thank you."
"For what?" Piper smirked, as if she didn't know.
"The dress code change. This is soooo much fun." Lily giggled then whispered, "I've been felt up four times since I got here."
"Only four? You're lagging behind." Lily snickered at the Counsellor's smartass remark.
"I love your dress." Octavia paced around Piper, "Daaaamn girl! No back all bumper." She dared to even step up to Piper from behind and use an index finger to hook her skirt at the lower spine pulling it out to see bare bottom, "Nice twerkers." The other girls just had to see for themselves, soon six boys raced for their own peeks.
"Hey! Bumper stickers. Do you mind?" She laughed and twerked just for the hell of it. As soon as Piper did Octavia hiked her own skirt up to show her chocolate cheeks and did her own twerk for the gathering. It was fun to share in their youthful enthusiasm until it was quickly abandoned by the cranky voice of Home Economics Teacher Elsa. At her age this behavior was taboo. While she knew of Carl Manley's every Wednesday dress code lift, she just knew it would be abused. Piper altered her actions to disperse the guilty pleasure party. "Go on heathens shoo."
"Counsellor Cherry?" Elsa scowled at her dress, "Are we at a night club or are we at a place of higher learning?"
"Live and learn I say Elsa. I know this might be a tad more than you're used to but you must trust me. Loosening up will get your students to act less belligerent. Give them a chance. Besides I'm the new Cheerleading Coach, I was showing Octavia how to twerk for the game on Friday. I know...it shouldn't have been in the hallway, but like I said...loosen up and get on their level to a point and you'll see a huge change in them." Piper looks around to those overhearing her, "Am I right?"
Students acknowledged her and spread the word to go out of their way to be kind and attentive in Elsa's classes. Elsa although not happy withheld her distaste. "We shall see." Taking her leave Elsa headed straight for Carl Manley's office. Piper grit her teeth then giggled along with a mass of students.
From every angle Piper heard two things. "Don't worry Piper we got this." and, "Can we see your ass?" Looking about for safety Piper just hiked her skirt and twerked again, this time her whole ass in view. Silent cheers applauded her perfect moves. Just as swiftly, Piper moved on toward her office to drop off her purse.
Within she spotted Elsa talking to Carl and edged by her to reach her cubicle. Noting Elsa's tone of voice lower to finish her words Piper just sat down at her desk taking out a note pad and pen to jot down three things she had to do today. Mace had forgotten to text her about cable and internet so a reminder for herself was needed. There was just too much going on yesterday to make that call.
Secondly, she wrote down to look up a local T-shirt designer about new shirts for the cheerleaders. If she had to pay extra to get them made by Friday with her own money she would. Piper wanted the game to be perfect. No more of these horrible outfits, they had to go. "Gooo Swallows." She mumbled shaking her head.
Her third note was written specifically for Carl saying, "Hijack Tiffany Martin one more day. Make her take that Psyche test again saying it required closer attention."
Finishing up her chat with Carl, Elsa broke rank and stepped into Piper's space, "I want to apologize Counsellor. I'm just not accustomed to such unorthodox methods in bonding with our students. I'll try to overlook your...approach."
"No need to apologize Elsa I absolutely understand. Our ideals have a large age gap dividing opinions is all. While yes this dress is...youthful, so am I. All I ask is that you give me a chance to work my magic. New tricks, old dogs?"
"You act as if you expect me to bark."
"Only a woof." Piper winked. Elsa winced as Carl lingered over her shoulder smirking. Taking a deep breath Elsa giggled, "Woof!"
"Oh my God! That deserves a hug." Piper stood up and pulled the elderly woman into a tight embrace, "Bless you Elsa. No more woofs though. Elsa was a lioness so try Rawwwr!" With her chin on Piper's shoulder Elsa dug her nails into Piper's lower back and growled, "Roooaaarrr!"
"Dang Elsa!" Piper giggled, "Can I have my DNA back from beneath your nails?"
"I'm sorry I got carried away." Elsa released Piper and blushed. Behind Elsa, Carl mouthed the word, "Lesbian." Eyes bulging Piper grinned sheepishly at Elsa, "MeeeeOUCH!" Their own bond suddenly strengthened Elsa snickered and went back to her den.
"Nailed it!" Piper chuckled at Carl then winced touching her back. Twirling in step to peer over her shoulder at Carl she said, "Did the lioness draw blood?"
"If she had she would have eaten you alive."
"Damn! Kiss my boo boo?"
"Not kissing your ass Counsellor." He shook his head and turned away for his desk, "Nice dress though."
"Too revealing?" She giggled knowing it was.
"You can probably do better."
"Ohhh! That is so a challenge Mister. I'm going for coffee. Want one?"
"Cups full already." He poised his personal coffee cup that said, "I know the Drill." Military career inspired it was cute.
"Be back after I bounce on Roger."
"Don't hurt the guy I need him."
"I need him more." She stuck her tongue out at him.
"Uh huh!"
"Oh! Before I forget." She slaps her note about Tiffany Martin on his chest. "Pep talk!"
Reading it as she abandoned the office Carl shook his head. He might need that Psyche exam himself before year's end.
********
At her locker Dakota McKellen stood proud of herself knowing guys were into her more than they had let on before. Even over the last few days keeping her blouse unbuttoned she knew guys were looking but not many really said much, they just drooled. She needed to hear compliments more for her expanded horizons. Spotting Angus Furlong coming her way acting all moody, with a few of his posse steering clear of him she fidgeted. While she did like Angus, and he did ask her out, the revelation of Robin Banks telling her they broke up must be true. His head hanging low must be his way of showing he was sad over the break up. If that were only true.
Walking right past her without even saying hi she pouted and felt very alone all of a sudden. In his place Corey Samson approached her without notice. "Hey Dakota, nice outfit." Hearing the compliment she perked up until she realized who it was.
"Thanks Corey. You hurt my sisters feelings yesterday." So much for further compliments. He frowned with a shrug.
"I'm just not into her. Now you...maybe."
"Why? I'm her twin. There's not much difference between us unless you mean her braces."
"It's not that. She's just not as..." He had to think about his words, "...open minded, maybe?"
"She had her shirt unbuttoned yesterday for awhile. You didn't notice?"
"She did? I guess not. That's unlike her."
"I know right? She's trying but she's just shy. Give her time. Once her braces come out Friday she might be a whole new person. Anyways, what you did to Travis was wrong."
"The trash can yes. I had nothing to do with tying his nerd ass to the bleachers. I told Manley and Counsellor Cherry that."
"If not you, who?"
"No clue. Honestly!"
"I'll take your word on it." She looks back toward Angus shuffling to his locker, "Any idea why Angus is so down?"
"I heard he and Knox Hardecker had a fist fight. All I know."
"Knox? Where was this?"
"His house I think. Not really sure but I'll find out more before the day's over." He looks down at her opened book bag on the floor and spots her thong crumpled up between books. While she took another look down the hall wondering what prompted Angus to even be in her neighborhood she surmised it was because of Robin. Surely it had nothing to do with herself, to her knowledge he had no idea she even lived by Piper. Unless someone told him. With the first period bell about to ring in ten minutes she turned to notice she was alone, Corey had taken off in her absence. Zipping her bag up after bending to procure it she hadn't even noticed something missing. She would very soon.
********
Teacher's lounge...fifteen minutes before the bell...
"OH SWEET JESUS!" Damon Rice the school's resident Shop Teacher stepped in for a morning snack and spotted Piper Cherry in her orange dress bending forward to get a snack herself, HoHo's of course. That clam was nice and moist.
Sitting in his normal spot Roger Dundee smirked at the middle aged black man with his ballcap backwards. "Just now noticing her?" Roger leered over his shoulder as he sat back slouched in his chair, arms folded over his abs.
"Ohhhh I noticed. Daaaamn Counsellor." Damon grinned as she stood up to face him. "That there is one short dress."
"Short front and back." Roger chuckled.
"So I see. Glad ole' Carl gave you a chance pretty lady."
"Be glad I persuaded him to give me a chance." She sheepishly smirks and takes her cupcakes to the table and drops right into Roger's lap, making his hands release one another to give her room. Bare bottom on his crotch he had to grin.
"My laps available in about two minutes if you get tired of the Science guy and want a real man." Damon beams his pearly whites and plants a dollar in the vending machine selecting a bag of peanuts.
"Oooo! Peanuts envy." She notices his choice when opening them. She hopped on Roger's lap four times just for meanness. Across the table Dewey Knowles just watched and stroked his beard, he always enjoyed Piper's antics.
"Mine's bigger." Damon winked, "Bet on black."
"Are we playing Roulette?" Roger chuckled.
"Nothing red so certainly no one is blushing." She giggled picking icing off of her HoHo. "Is it bigger than this swiss roll?"
"Bigger than all those side by side. Thicker too." Damon boasted tilting his peanut bag up to his lips to feed himself. Mid chew he added, "Creams even sweeter."
"Sounds like he's offering you something Counsellor." Roger winked rubbing his palms along both her legs as she sat there flicking her tongue in the white icing with a seductive look in her eyes.
"You first. If you're no good Saturday I might take him up on his offer."
"Well now!" Damon looked surprised, "You two hookin' up?"
"We are. He's taking me boating."
"Motorboating?"
"That too." She winked. "I might even put his big oar between my tits."
"You're a lucky man Dundee. I guess I'll settle for my girl Patrice. Don't you tell her I said that."
As they prepare for more banter in walked Mimi Alexander making Piper bulge her eyes. "Nooooo! You didn't..." She crawls out of Roger's lap but lets her skirt stay up offering her cheeks to the faculty members. Mimi blushed heavily and cornered Mimi against the coffee machine to lift her chin, "Are those hickies?"
"Maybe." The Mouse in the house squeaked.
"Kevin?" Piper whispered in awe of that possibility.
"No." She flared her eyes, "LeAnne. I stopped by her apartment and she let me borrow more dresses. I...let my guard down."
"You go Princess." Piper hugged her tightly, Mimi's hands surrounding Piper's waist to find no back to her dress, fingers sliding lower until she discovered the top of her skirt. Her eyes bulged at Dewey who nodded a confirmation that her dress dipped into dangerous waters.
"Is there no end?"
"Keep going." Roger laughed.
Mimi was becoming more and more bolder as the days of encouragement continued. Wanting to be a part of the girls, Mimi took the risk and slid her palms beneath the back of Piper's skirt then realized she had no panties on either. Squeezing her cheeks Mimi blushed and squealed. Removing her fingers she just patted Piper's back.
"Damn that was hot." Damon gently shook his head, "Mmmm! Mmmm! Who knew wee lil' Mimi Alexander had it in her."
"Hey! My girl is coming along fabulously." Piper moved to Mimi's side continuing a comforting embrace. Devilishly Piper peers down Mimi's cleavage, "Did you?" In reply Mimi lifted her left hand and tugged her cleavage out for a much better look. Bra unfortunately! " I still love you Squeaky." A swift lift to Mimi's skirt found no panties. "Keep this up." Piper hugged her one last time cheek to cheek.
"Keep these up." Roger patted his lap. Mimi bulged her eyes at his improv, realizing he did indeed have an erection. Within her thoughts she just presumed it was because of Piper Cherry. Feeling Mimi tremble Piper had a brainstorm. Leading Mimi toward Roger she turned her back to the rugged Science teacher then pressed Mimi's shoulders into sitting in his lap. Mimi wanted to faint. Her bare bottom was on the lap of the sexiest man at Horton-Dexter. She could even feel his penis swelling beneath her. Roger knowing she was nervous just whispered, "It's alright Mimi. Just don't pee on me."
"I would never do that." She mumbled.
"Doesn't that feel nice Squeaky Lou?" Piper lifted the Art teacher's chin delicately. The girl nodded beet red but tried to smile at Roger anyway. "Next time...you just take a seat right there without my guiding you. Is that alright Roger Dodger?"
"One knee for each of you."
"HEY!" Dewey Knowles found his nerve, "There's other laps here." In his outburst Mimi hopped up then pushed Piper aside and slid on to Dewey's lap without being encouraged. Tugging his beard with her hand Mimi found her home.
"Odd man out I guess." Damon frowned, "Gonna go call Patrice."
Piper taking the vacancy in Roger's lap giggled, "We should double date sometime."
"I'm in." Dewey slapped his palm on the table, "Wanna go out sometime Mimi?"
Her eyes bulged as wide as they could get. In a squeaky tone she just mumbled, "Yes."
"Saturday after next?" Roger motioned.
"No games that day right?" Piper had to make sure she wasn't stepping on her girls in the squad.
"Nope! All football games are on Friday's. Every other at that." Roger pointed out.
"That work for you Squeaky Lou?"
"Yes." That was all she could manage to say.
"Good for you Wolfman Jack?"
"Wolfman Jack?" Dewey laughed, "Man I haven't heard that name in years. I recall listening to him on the radio as a kid. AWOOOO!" He belted out as Mimi sat shivering. The morning bell ended their planning. Piper reached her arms across the table to reel Mimi in for a welcoming hand squeeze. As they held hands both Roger and Dewey took a sly look down at the girls bare asses. Dewey hesitant to lift it even though he wanted to still saw enough to make his dick rise high. Mimi felt it and smiled brightly.
Roger being bolder just lifted Piper's skirt clear up to her waist and began rubbing. Piper looked back before parting hands with Mimi to see Roger admiring his work. "Getting a head start on Saturday Cap'n Sly?"
"Smooth sailing Counsellor." Her ass was silky soft yet tight and smooth.
Lotion helped.
********
"You look amazing Dakota." The boy sitting next to her eyed her legs, "Awesome legs."
"Thanks Andy." She had gotten five compliments just since she took her seat. Including about her cleavage being unbuttoned, and the scent of her perfume. Peering around at her classmates she saw how the girls were almost mimicking her, cleavage everywhere she looked. Sadly some of the girls had much larger breasts and were swiping her attention. Guys loved big boobs. The only thing in her favor was that Dakota was a hundred times prettier than most of them. It was a toss up really.
While her Geometry teacher Shane Eccles was writing equations on the blackboard a number of girls went as far as to turn in their seats and tug open their shirts and dresses when unbuttoned down. None of them ever revealed their nipples but were very close to it. It was just the thrill of their once a week freedom to take risks. Boys loved it, some girls even loved it being into girls themselves. For some reason though even after the girls brazenly exposed a healthy display of mounds all eyes ended back on Dakota. That alone made her feel special. Giddy even.
While never once blatantly exposing herself in school she had shared a glimpse up her skirt to Mace Belmont, Piper's nephew. Outside of Mace, and the few times her Father had seen her by accident, sometimes accident but not always, the only other boy that had really seen her naked was of all people Travis Herbert. Well, technically Knox Hardecker and Derek "Dip" Poole when they attempted to strip her and her sister's bikini's off by Piper's swimming pool. While none of them would have been her first choice, that day she did let her hormones thrive to the point of letting them touch her. She had thought a lot about that day since and rather grew up inside. She wanted whom she wanted, not the pressure of those pushing her into it.
Still, her hormones of late had been challenging her. Maybe it had to do with what she and Sable had heard while stuck under their parents bed. Hearing the savage sex above was always replayed over and over in her mind. Her Mother's screaming and begging at the pleasure Henry McKellen gave her, just made her wet. Daddy must have been really good to get their Mother to behave as she had. Not only her parents activities but what they talked about drew her in like a moth to a flame.
Henry had mentioned more about his secret RPG game Frisky, as she called it, although in reality Frisque. Concerning his co-worker Tessa Harper's attempt to persuade her Father to put his daughters in his game under incest conditions. Deep down Dakota hoped he might actually do that and then look at her differently going forward. She adored her Father.
"Look!" A whisper activated the curiosity of others, "Dakota's rubbing her pussy." See what happens when you get lost in thought? She hadn't even realized that her hand was up between her legs touching herself. Briefly distracted by the sudden knowledge that she was being watched she withdrew her hand and blushed. Hearing boys huff, "Noooo! Keep going." only made her blush harder. Overheated she at least fanned her opened cleavage for their enjoyment. Her fans were thrilled regardless.
With her skirt in front wrinkled up a bit she started to pull it down but found the expressions of the boys around her pleading for her not to. It wasn't like they could see everything her legs weren't that wide, but the possibility of being seen still made her shiver. Having exposed her cleavage all week this shouldn't bother her, but it did. One or two boys seeing her pussy might be feasible but ten or more? She just lowered her head and sat there. Eyes lifting to peer over her brow to see if they were still hopeful. "Gosh! They...really like looking at me." That they did.
Strangely she found her fanbase doing whatever it took to entice her into showing off more. Everything from notebook paper messages held up saying, "I love you." to "Dare you." The dare part struck like lightning between her thighs. The I love you she knew was only the boys way of saying fuck him. She wasn't ready for sex yet with anyone. Although Angus and her Father did get pictured quite often in her mind. She knew her Father was just a fantasy but if she had that option of losing her virginity to anyone it would be someone she trusted and loved unconditionally. Angus? She was on the fence now that Robin and he had parted ways. No hurry. She had a lot to know about sex before just jumping in.
Shaking her head negatively at the boys brought on frowns and sudden disinterest. There were other girls worth checking out in class. What possessed her to even rub her pussy? That was so unlike her under these conditions. It had to be the freedom of not wearing underwear. She really just needed to put her thong back on. "Yeah, I think I better do that after class."
Another twenty five minutes until the bell she sat there trying to focus on her Teacher instead of the boys. Managing her balancing act between sensibility and temptation she still at least fanned her opened dress when Mister Eccles wasn't looking. Slight temptations were better than nothing she thought. She was of course wrong, if she could read the brains of the boys. Their appetites whet to see Dakota better just would not cease. As the bell rang she closed her Geometry book and lifted her book bag to her desk top, placing her book inside it. Rummaging amid her bag for her thong she quickly realized it was missing. "Oh shit! Did it fall out?" Jaw drooping she tried to recall where it might have gone. She was at her locker the last time she..."Corey Samson? No, no, no, no, no."
Yep! Yep! Yep!
********
After being fucked so good in the hallway before school began Josie McKellen managed her 1st. period class, having to get dressed when her student Tiffany returned after being hijacked by Piper. It was obvious that Carl Manley could not fulfill Piper's request to keep Tiffany out of class a second day. Unable to delight her lovers she just remained hidden behind her desk with the exception of quick moons and tit flashes when the girl wasn't looking. With Reese sitting in front of her sneering at having to keep himself in check she felt bad. Soft shrugs his way she apologized to not only him but the other boys hoping for more of what they got yesterday. She knew her antics would have to be contained, a long talk with Reese was going to crush her. She was going to have to keep their sexual rendezvouses to that every Wednesday morning hookup.
Bell ringing the class got up and departed with sighs of disappointment. Wagging tongues, air fucking in her direction, even artificial spanks were sent her way once Tiffany had left the class. Those that lingered Josie stopped to set the record straight.
"I'm sorry guys. I just can't do anything much around Tiffany. It's the age thing more than anything. I hope you understand. Maybe if Counsellor Cherry can take her another day this week we can play again."
"You owe us Mrs. M." Logan chuckled, "I need my dick sucked again. Best head ever."
"Awww! Thank you Logan."
"Probably the only BJ you've ever gotten." Abe cut up with him.
"So. Still the best." He laughed.
"Keep your heads up guys." Josie sighed using her index finger posed as an erection.
"That's your job Slut." Reese sneered with a smirk.
"I'll do my best." She sheepishly brushed her chin on her shoulder. Her thin camisole stile dress while hardly proper still kept Tiffany from thinking anything amiss. Luckily she was not that observative in the long run. "Reese? Can I have a moment?"
The other students needed encouragement to leave, Josie giggling and shooing them off. Once she and Reese were alone Josie jumped from her seat and threw herself at him, forcing a steamy kiss upon his lips. Accepting her radiant offer he nodded his appreciation once their kiss peeled away.
"Nice!"
"I feel so badly not being able to do more. I want to make you crazy Reese."
"Maybe we should consider meeting early more than just every Wednesday."
"Maybe. The problem I have is I've been ignoring my daughters lately. If I don't bring them to school more often than not it's going to create problems with not only them, but my marriage."
"And, the Coach?"
"He's happy with ten minutes before classes begin and the occasional after school. I've been relying on Counsellor Cherry too much lately in driving the girls to or from school. I just need you to understand that I cannot do things as often as you might want."
"We might want. 1st. period gang and the ballers."
"Yes. All of those. My god Reese I get so wet thinking about what I'm getting away with. I wish...I want to..." She tries finding the right words then settles on, "...the gym was insane. I've never been so turned on in my life. The thrill of being caught just...I get goosebumps."
"So you want to experience that risk of being busted more."
"I think so." She nibbles a fingernail nervously, "YES! YES I DO!"
"Get ready Slut! I'm gonna rock your sweet world."
"I adore you Reese."
"You're just three holes to me." He grows smug, "See you tomorrow." As Reese left her class Josie danced in step, her tits bouncing about vibrantly. Her 2nd. period class catching her had to wonder what she was doing. Minor glimpses of her butt cheeks beneath her camisole dress was enough to spark their imaginations. With far more underage students in this class she really had to behave herself. It wasn't easy. Good thing she had a desk to hide behind, her fingers were busy half the morning.
Pussycat indeed.