I met Matthew in May the spring of 2011. He was a co-worker of one of my cousins and came across my Facebook while searching through his. He left me a message telling me how pretty I am and asking me to meet up sometime if I wanted to.
I figured 'why not.' I didn't have anything going on with anyone at the moment, I hadn't in a while and Matthew seemed very appealing. I inbox him back, leaving my number and telling him to contact me sometime.
I didn't have to wait more than two days before he text me asking to meet up. I discovered that he didn't live more than a mile from me. There was this little park right down the street that was the midway point between our houses.
Instead of just sitting inside, we decided to meet up at the park. We were almost into summer and it was a gorgeous warm night. We agreed to meet at 10pm because he had to work until 8.
Around 9:30, I decided to touch myself up a bit, running a brush through my hair and over my teeth, putting a new coat of eyeliner on and spritzing myself in some Calvin Klein. I wore a low cut V-neck T-shirt and my favorite tight blue jeans, knowing that I was pushing the limit just a little.
When I got to the entrance of the park, he was standing there waiting for me. My mouth dropped, he was so hot! I didn't know what I was expecting but it sure as hell was not that. He had on low rider jeans and a T-shirt that fit tightly around, showing off his six-pack abs.
He had short dirty blonde hair and bright blue eyes with a nice even tan from working outside. And was very tall, towering over me by a good foot, maybe more.
He walked up to me and took my hand,
"Your Facebook picture doesn't do you justice," he said shaking my hand. I didn't know what to say! I just stared at him, until my words caught on.
"I can say the same about you," I said after I was able to catch my breath and stopped drooling.
"What do you want to do?" He asked but I was in a daydream state. One thing popped into my mind but I quickly let that thought go, not letting it linger too long in my head.
"I don't know, it's a beautiful night though."
"It sure is," he said, staring straight into my eyes, his tone deep with that serious pull of sexual tension.
"Let's go for a walk around the park," he finally said. We found the path and followed it.
We were both silent for a few long minutes, nothing but the sound of the night, the crickets alive and awake. As we walked, we both could feel the tension, that electric pull, pulling us closer together. He took my hand, surprising both of us.
When we got to the end of the path we were staring at a set of swings. I released his hand and walked right over and sat, swinging slowly back and forth as he joined the one right next to me.
"This was one of my favorite things to do as a kid. I loved to sit on the swings and just drift back and forth," I said. He looked over at me and smiled.
"I can see that about you," he said. "You are the daydreamer type."
"Yeah, I tend to drop off the planet sometimes." Sometimes, try every day, I said to myself.
"So, tell me a little about yourself."
"I am 25, only child, parents live together but constantly fight, work my ass off for a living..."
"Yes you do," I said quietly under my breath, meaning it in a whole different way. His eyes brightened and liquefied, knowing exactly what I meant.
"What?" I said, feeling my cheeks heat with embarrassment. "A girl has had to have said that to you before, there is no way I am the first."
"You're not, just took me by surprise." I don't know how he doesn't have girls telling him that every day, he was a sight for sore eyes!
He got up and walked over to me, closing the little distance between us. I looked up to him, wondering what he was about to do when he wrapped his hands around the chain of my swing and pulled me straight up to him until I stood. He put his arm around me, resting it on the small of my back, completely closing the distance between us. I didn't know what to do but I could feel what was about to happen. The tension between us was electric! It was like we were both fireworks about to explode.
He gently pushed my hair off my shoulder and buried his nose at the nook of my neck. I could feel him breathing in my scent. I giggled, breaking his spell.
"What?" He asked concern on his face.
"That tickles," I said. He looked into my eyes and smiled his blue eyes pure liquid!
He bent his head once more and this time kissed where he just smelled, his lips soft and smooth. My body couldn't help but shudder with pleasure, surging fast and hard across my body. He looked up at me then continued kissing up along my neck until his lips met the corner of mine.
He stopped, just letting his lips linger. Unable to take it anymore, I plunged my fingers through his hair and pulled his lips to mine, my mouth eager to meet his, hunger, need and want taking me over.
He pulled me even closer to him, crushing my breast into his sculptured chest. His hand at the small of my back moving south, cupping my ass, forcing me up on my tip toes as my lips parted, giving his tongue free access. He tasted so good, sweet like candy.
I could feel my wetness starting to soak through my panties. I knew right where this was heading. I pulled away from him, needing to catch my breath. We looked at each other dazed, both flushed, lips swollen. I wanted him and he wanted me.
"There is a soccer field right up there," he said pointing behind me. He took my hand and led the way. We ran up the little hill and just stopped. It was so beautiful! The air was warm and the stars were shining high.
"Wow," I said, knowing he was thinking the same thing. We walked along the edges of the field, watching the fireflies glow in the depths of the woods. He stopped, starling me as he pulled me to him, meeting my lips once more.
"Can I tell you something without you freaking out?" He asked as he broke the kiss.
"Sure," I said a little breathless.
"I want you so bad, right now, under that soccer goal."
I looked over at the goal then looked down at his pants, seeing the strain of his erection. I couldn't help but feel the excitement in my own sex, knowing I wanted what he wanted.
I took his hand and walked over to the goal, laid down and looked up at that stars, waiting for him to join. He came over and laid down right next to me, shoulder to shoulder, looking up at the stars as I was.
After a minute, I looked over at him, studying the bone structure of his face, the shape of his jaw, the smoothness of his lips, wanting to kiss them until they were pink with tenderness.
He must have known what I was thinking because without warning, he pulled me on top of him, straddling him, my breast tight against his chest, his lips finding mine.
I didn't think I just did. The sexual tension between us was so intense. I ran my hands through his hair, tangling my fingers in it as I felt his tongue protrude my mouth, feeling his dick grow bigger through the confined space behind the zipper of his pants, pressing into my lower belly.
I gently started moving up and the down the hard length of him, wanting more, needing more. All of a sudden the air felt a lot hotter. I broke the kiss, sat up, grabbed the ends of my shirt and ripped it over my head, my long blonde hair falling down the length of my back, my D-cup breast heavy and my nipples hard, very noticeable through my bra.
"You are beautiful," he said as pulled the straps down my arms, sat up, reached around and unhooked my bra, watching the cups fall loose and my tits pop free. He took a hard nipple into his mouth.
"Mmmmmmmmm," I moaned heavily as he swirled his tongue around my hard pink nipple, then pressing a light kiss to the peak between my breasts before taking my other nipple into his hot mouth.
When he released me, I reached down and ripped his shirt off him, not knowing how much more I can take without exploding. I kissed him, starting with his lips then moving down his neck and chest, slowly starting to rub up and down his hard length again.
With very little effort, he rolled me over so he was now on top. He sat up, unzipped his pants and pushed them off, exposing himself and revealing that he liked to go commando. He then reached for mine and did the same, ripping the off right along with my panties, barely noticing the nice black lace thong I was wearing, caring about only one thing.
I looked down at his hard dick; he was big and throbbing, beyond ready to go. He reached down and ran two fingers between my pink swollen lips.
"You are so wet baby! Are you ready?"
"Yes," I said, nodding. He positioned himself over me, the tip of his dick right at my entry. He looked me straight in the eye and very slowly, he pushed in, entering me. I moaned and arched my back, wanting to feel all of him. He was so big but felt so damn good!
"You are so tight!" He said as he pushed the rest of the way in, hitting the limit. He slid out then back in, picking up the pace. The sensation was incredible! He was the perfect size for me, hitting my G-spot with each thrust.
"I'm going to cum," I screamed. He pulled out and sat down next to me.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Get on your hands and knees." I didn't question him, I just did as he asked and knowing what was going to happen, thinking about it just made me wetter.
I stuck my ass out as I felt him move up against me, his hands taking place on my hips and then wham! He trusted inside me so hard, I lost balance.
"Mmmmmmm," I moaned so loud, I could hear my own echo.
"Shhhh baby," he said, then pulled out and trusted back in, this time not so hard. He felt so good! The friction was unbelievable. I moved my ass as he trusted in and out.
"Keep going baby!" I screamed, not wanting it to end but knowing I was close to the brink. I could feel the head of his cock hitting my G-spot, pushing me closer and closer to the edge.
"I'm going to cum," I said, feeling my body start to compulse as he trusted harder and harder. And then that was it, I was lost in a sea of pleasure, my mind mesmerized, my cum covering his dick, my walls pulsing around him.
He pulled out and we laid down, both catching our breaths, looking up at the stars from inside the soccer net.
"That was incredible," I said.
"Yes it was, I want it again, I want you again," he said and looked at me. He got up and got dressed.
"Get dressed," he said, "I have an idea." Oh boy, I thought, knowing the night wasn't over just yet.