Lynn Dawson discovered light after a lengthy stint in darkness. Having fainted outside while witnessing what she presumed was some weather induced hallucination, being in the extreme cold far too long, she resisted the blurry vision and made a disturbing comprehension of her renewed reality. Laying in a bunk within the main base camp housing she not only stared at the ceiling but captured a hint of brewed coffee amid shallow breaths. While the aroma was magical it didn't quite nudge aside the odor of wet fur. Eyelids fluttering, she tilted her head to her right and spotted a large man with a silver ponytail pouring coffee into a mug.
"Welcome back Lynn." He spoke without looking at her. "Blood pressure is back to normal. Just try and remain calm." No blood pressure kit in sight how could he know that. "Fear is natural but you have nothing to worry about. We truly are the good guys." The past not so much, but these days the brothers led a quiet existence.
"Who are you people?" She sat up in far too big of a hurry only to find the world spinning. "Please don't kill me."
"Take it slow Ms. Dawson, I just said we're the good guys. There is no plans on murdering you in any distant future. Let alone eat you like Gravy Train." He calmed her with a single palm directed slowly toward her. "You are among friends; I swear it on my life. A very long life at that." Lucien aka Lucky was immortal, shape changer as well. Wearing a red plaid flannel shirt and jeans he appeared perfectly normal. Yet, she knew he wasn't. Unless she had been imagining it all. She was still struggling with having her daughter Aurora go missing.
"Again ... who? What?"
"I'm Lucien. Yes, my brother and I are werewolves, more shape changers, but we like our wolf forms the most. Harmless werewolves I might add. Well...," He brought her the coffee and carefully handed it to her, "... unless we get cornered, I suppose. We're pretty good at hiding our lives. Hell, we don't even pay taxes. At any rate our brother Gary ... Garameth ... the lead dog in Aurora's pack nicknamed Ghost went missing the same day your daughter Aurora did. We felt him missing from this plain of existence the second he vanished." He taps his temple, "We're all mentally bonded even when we're apart by long distances. Not all of us are like that but it's luckily built into our DNA. Stanos and I hail from Montana, Gary went off on his own a few years back ... reasons I suppose. He made his home here in Last Ditch, Alaska to find freedom yet keep in touch with society in small fashion. Like I said we all share a telepathic link with one another. I can offer at minimal some insight into the night your daughter vanished."
"Tell me ... please." Lynn searched his expression as he mentally suggested she remain calm while he moved closer to take a seat on the bed next to her. He appeared a gentle giant as he rubbed his beard.
"Aurora and the pack went in search of that fallen cargo plane. Stanos and I saw through Gary's mind what he was witnessing. It wasn't pretty. They..." He paused as if hearing something then nodded, "Stanos is at the crash area now. He smells gasoline, blood, and magic."
"Magic?"
"Yes, magic. It's all around us." He ventured a swirling index finger to symbolize their surroundings, "Some circuits more foreign than others. Truthfully, while technically we are werewolves to most, we are so much more than shape shifters because of magic. By the way, I trust you can keep our secret. We really do mean you no harm Lynn."
"If it helps me find my daughter absolutely! As insane as this is." She wisped her blond hair from her eyes, Lucky noticing her green eyes paused to hold his breath, they were lovely at her age of 47. He had to look down at the floor for a moment to avoid making her sense a minor attraction. Too late, she picked up on his temporary fondness just by his shy demeanor, Lynn was far from naïve. Not wanting to appear interested in her Lucien sighed, "Intriguing! Stanos smells Sasquatch."
"Excuse me? Sasquatch as in Bigfoot?" Her green eyes flare wide, "They're real?"
"If werewolves are real, why can't there be a huge hairy bipedal cryptid with the strength of twenty men? Yes, they are quite real, all over the planet. My brother says there were three of them present at the site. Parents and an unborn child. The parents perished but were obviously extracted by the military, we don't sense any other Sasquatch dens for three hundred miles. If others of their species collected their remains Stanos would be aware of their involvement, but getting here that fast would be impossible. Our visions through Gary let us witness their reasons for departure but Stanos is just confirming what he can to see if we missed anything worthy of noting. Some things we already know, others offer questions. One of Garameth's pack, a Russian woman named Anna, known to Aurora as Tailchaser was beheaded by a young boy. Stanos says a Wendigo scent was present, but the male Sasquatch killed its physical form. It's evident by Tailchaser's passing that the boy was possessed by the Wendigo dominating his body as a host."
"What's a wendigo?"
"A magical demon that feeds on human flesh. The one there that day is likely what brought the plane down. Your daughter..." He pauses again spooking Lynn into setting her coffee aside on a table to read his expression.
"Is my daughter dead?"
"No! Well, I can only offer what we saw through Gary, but she was alive when our connection severed. Yes, Stanos senses the increased magic where the stone staircase resided."
"Staircase?"
"Yes! Have you heard stories of strange staircases leading to nowhere only to disappear leaving no proof?"
"No, I really never bought into things like magic."
"It's very real Lynn. The staircase often lends credence toward portals in time and place. Our ancestors told us of such portals appearing and luring in unsuspecting prisoners. This particular portal claimed the boy, your daughter, and her entire pack. Gary followed your daughter, loyal to the end as we know it thus far. It is very possible they are alive out there ... wherever there, might be."
"Aurora is forever gone to me?" Tears fell.
"I have no answer to that. Hope is all any of us have Lynn. We will do whatever we can to find our brother, in turn find Aurora. Obviously, we cannot make promises but ... paws crossed."
"This is a lot to swallow."
"Good thing, I'm not hungry." He winked at her, "Sorry! Poor taste in humor. I won't eat you; I promise." She felt safe with Lucien, but his eyes did lure her sensuality. Worst time ever. Lynn Dawson did feel very alone in the world. He could relate. Now however was not the time.
Hearing something distant Lucien again perks up, "Are you expecting any other flights?"
"Not that I've been notified of. I'm new to this role of caretaker. Truthfully, I only took on this job to find answers. That, and to be close to Aurora if she were still out there somewhere. The military pulled out taking the plane with them and just apologized for my loss, once I arrived. They only looked for her a day. Come on? They could have searched longer than that. That's why I was out on the snowmobile ... out looking. Praying for answers."
"We're here to help Lynn. Until of course even we must conclude that answers are not to be found."
"You mentioned the girl, Anna." Lynn thought for a moment aloud, "Where did she go?"
"Soldiers took her body away. Those of the Sasquatch clan as well. It is there, if we can figure out where they were taken our search begins." The noise of engines become clearer, "We have company."
"Let me call out to them, find out who our visitors are." She crawls off the bunk and goes to the radio. Before she says a word Lucien stands next to her with concern. "Relax Lucien, I won't warn them of you."
"Good! Our flight here was under the radar. Members of..." He stops before indulging too much information.
"Just calm down." She pats his muscular arm and puts the handheld mic up to her lips. "Good day incoming. I wasn't expecting company. Can I get a call sign please?"
"Copy that Last Ditch." A male voice accepted her greeting, "Requesting a landing. Looks like your strip is solid enough to land on in this weather."
"Cleared it this morning with the plow. Hasn't snowed much today. Who may I ask is dropping by?"
A change in voice leads to the gruff tone, that of an older male, "This is General Hayden Harker, retired. I'm here in search of my son, Colonel Antonio Harker."
Jaw dropping Lynn glances at Lucien, this was the first she had heard of missing officers, "Hello General. I'm Lynn Dawson. My daughter went missing that day too. I'm sorry for your loss. Welcome to Last Ditch. Coffee's hot." She hoped Lucien made enough for visitors. "See you at the front door. Knock first and wipe your feet."
"Thank you, Ms. Dawson. I too am sorry for your loss. There shortly." Radio mic's set aside she eyes Lucien. He nodded at her then took his clothes off before her eyes. She tried not to look but come on, Fido was hung like a horse. Erect at that, easily ten inches and thick! Oh, My! Obviously, he found her appealing she thought, or maybe that was just nature of the beast.
"I'll put your clothing in my dresser until they're gone."
Seeing him transform in a bone cracking displacement, fur piercing his flesh, a sight disturbing but remarkable, Lynn watched him turn into a golden retriever? Creasing her brow she grinned, "Not a wolf?" In his final moments he managed to say, "You look like a dog lover. Just wanted ... look better for you."
"So, you can change into other canine breeds. That's truly amazing." He sneezes nodding his snout as his transformation was finalized. Kneeling in front of him Lynn reached over and patted his head, "You're safe with me Lucky." He licked her face. Awkward! She missed the horse, his erection now tiny and less visible. Not that she looked. Gross right? "Sounds grounded. No collar on you Lucky. Shall we look presentable?" She finds a spare dog collar hanging in her storage room and puts it on him. Lucky looked cute. "He's a good puppy." She found it in her to giggle. She knew she needed to laugh at this new reality. Insanity was more than likely on its way.
On the other side of Time? Elsewhere! Somewhen!
A large campfire kept the Roman soldiers warm and hopefully protected from the wildlife that might seek dinner themselves. Still on edge after seeing a dog become a beautiful woman then back again, as well as dealing with a seven-foot beauty named Aurora Dawson that appeared genuinely friendly yet too much of an enigma to trust completely at the moment, every soldier there kept one eye open and remained on guard.
Having been supplied with a hearty meal of a massive buck brought down by the pack of shapeshifting wolves ... well, Malamutes at present, the Romans were digesting and simply coping with their environment. The notice that Aurora's dogs were still out there in the darkness kept their nerves sharp, fearing a sneak attack should they lapse in judgment. While it was true, their General seemed convinced that they were friends due to the wisdom of their paraplegic oracle Odessi Kilpatrick, some were not so believing.
"So, Calahaus?" Aurora sat Indian style watching the General nibbling on a chunk of the deer's hind quarter, her hands behind her supporting her upper body in the decaying grass. "How did your band get here?"
"Our Emperor Hadrian sent us forth into Britannia to construct a wall against the barbarian hordes. Attacked, we rode into a small canyon where we were ambushed. Riding up to battle we found a blinding light around us. When the light faded, we were here. It was as if a trap was sprung upon us that forced us away from all that we knew."
"I've heard of Hadrian's wall, it didn't work. Have you lost anyone since being here?"
"Aye! My troops numbered in the hundreds until attacked many times by creatures unknown."
Across from them rested Odessi now removed from the back of her caretaker Amoreus so that he too may rest without burden. Propped up to sit on her ass by saddles holding her steady at each side, her shield removed for comfort. It was nice to see the girl as she should be, young and beautiful with or without limbs. Helmet off, even her blond hair flowed down over her shoulders, her chest a stunning 36C covered by a small chainmail shirt that offered hints of flesh between chinks. As the night air grew cool a soldier placed his cloak over her to keep her warmer. They all knew how valuable she was.
"Creatures?" Aurora eyed Odessi.
"I am uncertain what to call them. Gargoyles, perhaps? Winged creatures with claws and bludgeoning fists. They raid us when our guard is down, often taking horses from our camp. There are many dangers here, by air or by foot."
"So, we're always on our toes here?"
"Yes. Guards stand ready on shifts while others rest."
"Maybe it might not be a bad idea if I pull my pups in closer just in case, we need support. How do you feel about that General? You have my word they will not attack your men."
Uneasily accepted Calahaus nods his approval, eye contact with Odessi who randomly awoke long enough to share a smile informing him they would all be safer in numbers. Thanking him Aurora peered over her shoulder and sent out a telepathic call, "Alright Puppies come to Momma one at a time and lay down near me. Slowly!" In response, out in the timber Ghost lifts his head to acknowledge her.
"Let's go!" Ghost informs his pack, "One at a time. We make no aggressive moves so, best behavior all of you."
"As if we have any beef with the Tin soldiers. That fire looks inviting." Mathias grumbles. "Living in Alaska ye would think I would not be cold, but for some reason me old bones are achy this night."
"I want to cuddle up to my belly rubber." Luna giggled.
"You need laid." Folly sighs.
"As if you don't." Luna brushes up against Folly, "Bad enough we had to watch the boys here hold Aurora down and brutally take advantage of her. We have needs too guys. Just not, any of you finicky old farts."
"Enough with the hormones." Ghost advised. "None of us could have predicted what Aurora's body chemistry would do to us on this side of ... wherever it is we are. The magic here overwhelmed us when she bled."
"While I feel bad for doing that," Kyoot sighs, ", I think Aurora liked it."
"I HEARD THAT KY!" Aurora laughed telepathically, "Next time use some." KY jelly that is.
"Use some what?" He winced toward the camp following Ghost at twenty paces.
"KY! Damn! No wonder you were never a lead sledder."
"Hardy har har, Den Momma! Wait! You said next time."
"ENOUGH!" Ghost warned them, "That goes for you too Aurora."
"Couldn't resist Ghost." She giggled, "I'm right there with my girl Luna, we ladies have needs. If we're stuck here, there's no shame in something to keep us occupied."
"Coming from the constant virgin." Mathias laughed, Canuck agreeing.
"Hey! I can't help if I heal up down there after sex. At least it doesn't hurt every time I get my cherry popped."
"Aurora! Please! Now is not the time." Ghost reached her and put his snout right into her face. Kissing his nose Aurora smiled, he huffed with an unexpected desire to keep her happy.
"You're right Fabio. Sit with me." Ghost did just that as she scratched him behind the ear. It did feel nice.
Luna prowling in behind Ghost playfully eyed her belly rubber on the other side of the fire. She noticed fear in his eyes and lowered her head shyly. So much for getting cozy, at least not until he trusted her more.
One by one the pack joined the circle of soldiers, laying down peacefully and doing their best to get along. Tension thick, it was obviously going to be a long night. Eying the numbers Aurora realized one of her dogs was missing. "Where's Orion?"
"Right here Aurora." Stepping from the darkness a Herculean man carried firewood into the camp, soldier's rising to their feet not expecting a man. Rippling with muscles Orion stepped past his friends and cautiously dropped the firewood near the blaze. Putting his hands up he merely stood there warming himself. Aurora tilted her gaze to witness Orion's penis dangling between his legs.
"Holy crap! That thing must be over a foot long. Where was he when I got pawed up?"
"Shapeshifter, remember?" Luna giggled, "Trust me he's not that gorgeous in real. You do realize even in our true forms we can apply makeovers."
"Soooo! Are you saying you are crusty and old looking in real life?"
"Of course not! What you saw earlier is little ole' me. Hot blond, hotter in bed."
"Are we going to talk sexually all night long?" Ghost rolled his eyes.
"You have any better ideas to kill the time? It's not as if we have many options until we figure out how to find Kodi Prescott." Aurora flicked his ear with an index finger. "Just relax."
"It's my job to keep everyone safe Aurora."
"You're immortal. Unless I'm way off I think I might be too now, I mean I do adapt to what's around me, if immortality is here, isn't it possible I've added that to my personal genome? You stand guard if that's your choice, but I think everyone here deserves a stress reliever. If Odessi there has a vision on how we can get to Kodi and his whereabouts then that becomes our top priority. Me? I hate to say it but this new me has some serious nympho thoughts. Trust me, I'm trying to resist but it's a constant fire between the ole' legs."
"Those not of magic will perish in touching you." He nods toward the Roman's admiring Orion's massive physique. Being well versed in bisexual tendencies in their era, Orion was pretty well received as much as Luna was. "Lucky dogs!" Aurora thought. Now Orion could fuck her and not be hurt but he seemed to enjoy flaunting his stuff toward the male population more than anyone else. Ghost hearing her thoughts sighed, "Orion prefers men but swings both ways."
"Ah! I figured that out on my own Fabio." She fidgeted her lips, "Let him have his fun. I'll find my own."
"A monumental risk! You are unaware just how your magic works."
"Well, Odessi tells me I adapt to my surroundings. Who knows I might take on shape changing abilities myself, I am around you guys a lot. So, if I roll over in my sleep just give me a dog treat."
"While amusing I must tell you, living as we do is quite exhausting. Maintaining our guise over the centuries has been a challenge."
"I can only imagine. I'm just grateful you guys are friendly. Thanks, by the way..."
"For what?" Garameth winces.
"For protecting me back in Alaska. I could have been killed long before I got that green shit on me."
"We would have fought until our final fatigue. Obviously, we can die, if Tailchaser was beheaded and left in the snow."
"Maybe that's the only way you can die Ghost."
"Perhaps! All of us have faced swords and the like but never once have we lost a limb. We have always healed no matter how badly organs might have been harmed."
"Like I have?" Odessi interrupts through her non eye contact with Aurora. Hearing the girl now fully awake Aurora looks her way with a glint of sadness. "I apologize for intruding."
Ghost sensing their commune without hearing it feels a sudden empathy and gets up slowly walking toward her. A Roman seeing his sudden decision stepped in with sword ready to be drawn. Head hung low Ghost gently continued until laying down next to her. Odessi peering at the Roman named Baronas met eyes with him, sharing her telepathic gaze without actual words heard aloud or otherwise, the effect was relaxing. "He means me no harm Baronas. Thank you for your concern." The soldier although unsure of her true words removed his hand from the swords hilt and stepped back. Watching Orion move around the fire to join a number of his Roman brothers in a touchy-feely manner now kept his attention. Baronas however was on duty and tried his best to ignore the male bonding.
General Calahaus had nodded off after his meal leaving his safety in the hands of his men. As the night waned the horses behind them remained agitated by the werewolves in their midst. Not running away but still edgy. Finally, Aurora decided to stand and stretch her legs, performing jumping jacks for the amusement of the troops she halted her dancing breasts and sighed before walking slowly toward the steeds.
"Shhhh! I won't hurt you guys. I can't touch you, but I want you to feel my sincerity, so I'm going to stand here and play horse whisperer. She speaks telepathically as if they might reply, what she did capture in a vibe was that they did not fear her, only the dogs. One horse, even as a night guard stood near, shyly moved toward Aurora as if seeking to make peace for his fellow horses. He moved directly up to her and butted his head right against her chest. For some reason she let it happen, almost as if the steed knew what he was doing. "Please don't fall over dead." She mumbled. After noting the horse remaining calm Aurora dared to lift a hand and make contact, patting its forehead. At first nothing occurred, then as she removed her hand, she realized her handprint was left on its brow. "Oh, shit!"
No pain felt the horse butted her shoulder this time, seeking more attention. "Glutton for punishment, aren't you, Mister Ed?" The guard Baronas seeing her mark motioned her away, fearing for their safety. Aurora backed away slowly hands in the air, but smiled at the horse, "Nice to meet you, Handsome. Pardon the hand pun." She was talking to the horse, not the guard. All she could do was hope the horse didn't collapse before morning.
Shuffling about Aurora explored the camp and greeted a number of the soldiers hoping they would learn to trust her. With roughly thirty soldiers in the surviving garrison, she was viewed as less a threat than the dogs, more as a Goddess in a sense. She did at first introduce herself as Aphrodite but gave that lie up when gaining trust with the General. Of course, his men still admired her for her beauty, even if she was one tall bitch. Most of them were ranging from 5'6 to 6'5 in height so a few of them were not that far off. Most intimidated, some honorable, others horny fuckers. Those soldiers not into Orion taking it up the ass by the fire seemed drawn to Aurora. All save for Luna's admirer who still found her appealing if she were in her human form. Reading thoughts from him Aurora found him noble and sighed. A good thing her adapting ability in deciphering Greek made things easier.
"Can you hear me, Luna?" Aurora spoke, her loyal bitch lifting her head from her paws to locate her.
"Yes."
"I approve of him. I think his name is Magno."
"I like that name. It has strength." Luna whimpers.
"Change to your human form and sit by him. Just take it slow."
"Thank you, Aurora."
"Have fun Beautiful." Luna stood on all fours and casually walked around her family, Mathias growling under his breath with worry. He was like a father to Luna, keeping her out of trouble all of these years past. Reaching Magno, Luna nudged him with her snout and crawled beneath his arm. Snuggling up she remained in her dog form for the moment, merely seeking comfort in his embrace, eventually licking his face to a hearty smile. Aurora smirked at her choice not to give him reason to fear her further.
Deciding to sit down amongst the other soldiers Aurora stretched out hands holding her upper body and rubbed one leg over the other in a sensual manner. The soldiers merely watched her and drooled. Finally, sensing their appetites she recalled Odessi's vision and told herself, "Come to Momma boys, Caesar just gave you the thumbs up." Falling back into the grass to nestle in Aurora put her freed up hands in motion, rubbing her pussy to spark interest. "Better yet ... cum on Momma boys. You guys need a reason to exist in this heckhole. I'm at your mercy. Service with a smile!"
Palming one breast with a squeeze, she lifted it to her lowered chin and swirled her tongue around her areola. That made a good seven soldiers invest their interest into moving to their knees, exploring her feminine mischief. Moaning softly under her breath led two more men to rise, these soldiers to their feet. Moving closer leather tunics were removed or in some cases just pulled aside to bestow a wide range of sizeable uncircumcised cocks. As others found the courage to join them, Aurora seemingly offering an invitation, the soldiers stroked their dicks in rapid fashion.
Hearing her dogs' thoughts Aurora warned them to behave, that this was all in good fun. Mathias reminding Aurora of her blood's effects should her virginity be taken again, even if at her own fingertips digging deep into her cunt. She took the risk answering him with, "Don't make me cut your balls off Mathias." That shut him up. She knew the risk.
With Orion switching partners even he snapped a glance toward Aurora surrounded by masturbating soldiers. Grinning at her decision Orion mounted his own next choice and wailed on his anus. Tempted to howl Orion merely snarled gritting his teeth. He truly needed this encounter it had been a while since he could cut loose, his wolf brothers not so keen on his sexual preferences, only the girls were bisexual in his pack.
Daring to step ever closer to Aurora's body the group now calculating in at eleven Berjerkers, as she jokingly called them, were ready to rain on her writhing curves. Closing her eyes to enjoy her own inner lust she punctured her hymen yet again, blood coursing over her embedded fingertips. Even in seeing this the men maintained their brutality upon themselves. Blood was nothing to their world. The dogs sniffing the air grew edgy but found the blood not as potent as the first time. Perhaps they too were adapting. Urges to rage out subsided quickly.
"God! I love touching myself." Aurora moaned louder and louder, fearing her vocalization might prove as deafening as her whistle, she pressed her lips tightly together, knowing an orgasm loomed. Her last orgasm ended in creating a blinding light show, this also worried her. Yet so far, her body was staying normal in hue. Should she glow green like the liquid that coated her flesh the soldiers might panic and start growing doubt in their new companions. With a number of Roman loads firing down over her in milky white succulence each droplet, each stream pelting her over sensitive flesh made her body spasm, their cum turning green rather than her body, however the strangeness did not seem to frighten them. Cumming hard her scream startled the entire encampment.
A tender dust like cloud filtered about her in a pale green mist that danced as if the actual Borealis that followed her namesake. It was beautiful, mesmerizing, alluring. More soldiers found it a calling and eased amid their ranks to offer more cum shots over time. Aurora was not done; she had more orgasms within crying out to escape.
Hearing the scream General Calahaus leaped to his feet to witness an even more troubling scene. Sweet oracle Odessi had been stripped nude and was being held up in the air facing to the stars above. Held by her hips her spine arching down at the shoulders, head hanging back with eyes white from ecstasy. The paraplegic beauty was being fucked hard, almost viciously, suspended over the ground. The question remained, who was this massive fair skinned man with long white hair and piercing blue eyes? Sword drawn as if to rescue her Calahaus freezes in step, Odessi's eyes returning to normal and catching his attention.
"What madness is this?"
"This is Garameth, General. Please do not interrupt us." She pleaded telepathically with her mouth gaping wide at the sensations within her. Next to Garameth sat the oracle's now wide-awake caretaker Amoreus watching closely at Garameth's massive cock rippled Odessi's pink pussy wide with each savage thrust, each mind-bending repeal. Odessi was a slobbering mess in her thrill ride. Sadly, Garameth was not home. She had claimed his mind and was controlling his bodily functions against his will. Surely this would not end well.
Literally spinning Odessi over while his cock continuously pounded the girl's tight thighs, she found herself now facing the ground, titties dancing wildly. One hand gripping her hair Garameth held her up long enough to release his opposite hand. Her entire trunk was flying, his grip on her mane, and his embedded beast the only support she had. Odessi Kilpatrick was having the time of her life, her expression enough to stave off interference. Too bad that Garameth was going to beat her ass raw once he had control of himself. For now, he had no choice.
"Odessi?" Calahaus growled, "This is wrong." Calahaus noted his troops hording over Aurora, then Orion fucking his men. Fear creeping into his soul he peered at the wolves. Oddly, they were all sleeping soundly. Only Luna and Orion were thriving, Luna once again revealing her human form, riding Magno's cock and crying out of her own joy. "Madness!"
Madness indeed! Hearing Aurora scream yet again, almost an echo into the night sky Calahaus burst upon the scene, shoving his men around to reach her. Finding her glossy from head to toe in green dew the General dropped his jaw, her body glowing green everywhere their puddled threads of cum resided. Like some ultraviolet light in a hotel room spectacle, which was seventy percent of her body she opened her eyes. After a lengthy period of sealing them tightly she was deciphering her emotions. Peering at the sky her eyes became akin to flashlights only in a green glowing pair of beams that lit up the heavens. All eyes looking up at the stars they were entranced by its swirling beauty.
"I SEE EVERYTHING." Aurora bellows, "All that you have been through." Hesitant eyes lower to spy her writhing body, her hands smearing cum all over herself, sampling flavors, sucking fingertips between thoughts. "Visions! You Romeo boys have been through some serious shit out there. Back in our world as well." Adapting powers in full force at the moment the DNA of every man who had jetted over her was now funneling their life stories within her mind. So many to process she cooed amid crises. "So courageous."
Listening to her words the General motions his men to disperse. Kneeling next to Aurora Calahaus shook his head, her thoughts persistently open to him he witnesses some of their past adventures himself, a gift through Aurora's mindset. Huffing his cheeks, he opts to let her reel in her mental orgasm.
A scream to his right found Luna being cradled in his man Magno's upright clutches, fucking her relentlessly standing up, she clinging to him, legs wrapping his torso. Amid her lost control she hears a mental calling. Snapping back to reality Luna looks toward Aurora then fights to escape Magno, he unwilling to upset her let her go without struggle. Forced to cum at his own hand he watches her race to Aurora's side and crawl into her arms. Caressing her Mistress, fingers finding her sticky, Luna sought answers.
"I am here Aurora."
"So much! So many thoughts! So..." Aurora snaps out of her funk, the lights firing from her gaze subsiding, the green hue left by the jizz returning to normal. Visions gone she shakes her head of the funk. "Damn! That was a trip down everyone's memory lane. I liked that acid trip."
"Are you alright?" Luna caressed her cheek lovingly.
"Yeah I ... GARAMETH!" A sudden surge of adrenalin Aurora sits up to watch her faithful pack leader nutting hard inside Odessi, his bestial side fighting to escape the girl's mind control. Leaping to her feet Aurora abandons Luna and darts past Orion finishing inside his own mount. Observing Garameth growing hair along his back, a facial distortion nearing snout extension Aurora reached him just in time. Slugging him in the jaw so hard he lost consciousness, staggering from a frightful sight of buckling well into transitioning bone dislocations. Mathias and Boogie switching into human form to catch their leader's fall, ease him to the ground, Garameth slowly retreating back to human form. Catching Odessi before she hit the ground Aurora opted to slap the girl out of her controlling nature. Tears falling from her cheeks Odessi herself found sorrow for her actions.
"I'm so sorry. I needed him. I have needs too."
"Try asking next time." Aurora scowled, "You're lucky I got to him, or he might have ripped you apart."
"He will be cross with me. I see it clearly."
"Can you blame him?"
Aurora cradled the girl in her arms sitting with her as Garameth finalized his changing course back to human form. General Calahaus wisely seeing Aurora's motherly concern knelt beside them, Odessi sharing a heartfelt apology for her behavior. He merely tweaked her button nose and thought, "Be more careful my Torch."
"I think I was the Torch back there." Aurora nodded behind her. "That was a serious head trip. You led your men through some pretty insane battles General. Mad respect!" She observes a puzzled look, "I respect you Calahaus. I'm sorry things got carried away." A sympathetic pat on Aurora's shoulder, Calahaus stood tall and set his men straight.
Amoreus now himself claimed Odessi and scolded her, bedding the girl down for the night under his watchful eye, using a blindfold over her gaze to relax her visions. She was out like a torch extinguished for the night.
Watching her other pups slumbering Aurora took a seat next to Garameth as he came down from his loss of mind and body. Hugging her knees thinking about everything as a whole she grew momentarily lost in her mind. Firstly, how could the other dogs sleep through all of that chaos, Blue and Lingo were snoring away as if nothing had transpired. Odessi obviously contained their defense mechanisms, without obstructing Orion and Luna due to their own passions in full throttle. Finding the dynamic duo joining her Orion sat next to Momma Den and chuckled, "I love playing Demigod!"
"Mmmhmm!" Aurora glanced at his monster cock trickling jizz. "Cover that shit up."
"I got more in me." He laughed.
"Save your energy Big Fella. I think Garameth might need held down when he wakes up more." She sees Orion rubbing his beard at the thought, "Keep it in your ... just go limp dammit!" Not on her life.
"Aurora?" Luna pouted on her knees, "Did you not notice something?"
"What do you mean?"
"The General touched you. He is not showing pain or dismemberment."
"Fuck! He did, didn't he? I touched a horse earlier, maybe my body is adapting to human traits again. Still tall, right? I'm not becoming my old 5'7 self, am I?"
"Same!"
"It's sad of me I know, but I don't want to be the old me anymore."
Luna understood. Neither did she! Magno made her smile.
Alaska! A different type of wolf at the door!
"Ms. Dawson? Forgive my unexpected arrival." Hayden Harker kicked the snow from his boots, eying a fireplace holding well-tended flames. "Might I borrow your fire?"
"Absolutely! I understand General." She motions him in, Lucky playing the overly friendly pet demanding attention wagged his tail in playing the role, "We are both missing our children."
"Yes, we are. I knew your daughter, unfortunately, the court case." He grimaced but regardless patted Lucky on the head discouraging him from jumping up.
"We could argue that if you want. We both know that she was tossed out to protect your men."
"I get the aggression, Ms. Dawson. Another time? If there's anything I can do to assist in finding us both answers I will. You have more than my word. Sworn oath!"
"How can you not know some things? The military cleaned that crash site up as if nothing ever happened. Outside of busted up trees there's no proof anything even happened there."
"Not our military branch, I'm afraid. Pisses me off too, believe you me. My boy's mother is a wreck."
"Pardon if I don't really care. You understand, I'm certain."
"We all grieve our own way." He accepts a cup of coffee but is not offered a seat. Standing there he offers a deafening sigh. "For what it's worth, I pray that both of our children are still alive."
"I'll second that motion."
"I'm learning things on my end slowly. Some of my boy's troops are breaking their silence. It will probably get them killed but at least it shows respect. What I do know, I'll share with you."
"And eventually get me killed as well? I'm listening."
"Yes! Understand this might be signing both of our death certificates."
"I've lived."
"As have I! Black Ops! Shadow cabinets took the plane away. I'm ruffling feathers finding as to where. Once I do, I'll show them why I'm not to be trifled with. If there is justice to be had, know I'll strike it."
"You have power over such cabinets?"
"We'll find out. Together!"
"I don't trust you Mister Harker." She looks at Lucien, "Do we Lucky?" Lucien merely wagged his tail and moved to sit next to her feet.
"Normally, I wouldn't either. Right now? We're all we have, Ms. Dawson."
"Oh, we might not be as alone as you think."
Lucky nearly peed on the floor.
False alarm.