*Everyone in this story is 18 or older. Enjoy!
*****
He had spent the day working and then walked five blocks in the rain. It was a cold, disgusting day and he was ready to relax. Nick showed the man his ID and walked inside. He'd been looking forward to this for a long time.
Once inside, the club he could hear the music playing. There were colored lights overhead that gave the whole room a pinkish red glow. The floor was made of hard wood. The club was one large room with various couches of different shapes and sizes scattered about in an unorganized fashion. Also scattered about the room were women dressed in maid's costumes and covered in cum. The sticky white sperm was oozing through the thin fabric of their costumes.
There were a few men on the couch, one of whom was holding onto a leash. The girl wearing the leash was sucking his balls. The room was very crowded and the floor was covered in cum, some of it dripping off the maids. As Nick entered the large room with everyone else, he was told by a woman in a tight bodysuit that he could take his clothes off and place them one of the nearby closets. He did so, stripping down to just his underwear, exposing his toned arms and chest to the rest of the people there. He hesitated, but then took off his pants as well. His cock started swelling at the sight of the girl in the leashes she was told to lick someone else's cum off the floor.
As he kept walking he noticed a box in the corner of the room. It had holes on each side and one on the top. He walked over and placed his cock through one of the holes and immediately felt someone's warm wet tongue lick up his shaft. It felt like white hot electricity.
The girl inside the box had been there for hours, sucking cocks to her little heart's content. There was cum everywhere inside the box. She was glazed with it. It was covering her legs; it was between her breasts, and in her hair. She loved the taste of it too. She must have swallowed at least a gallon, she could feel it sloshing around in her stomach.
Just as Nick was about to move to one of the couches he noticed that the box's door was being opened from the inside. He waited to see who would emerge. There she was, her auburn hair matted and her body shiny underneath the lights. She was wearing a black thong and sheer bra. Her tiny, hard nipples were poking through the wet fabric. When she walked out of the box, she hadn't turned to look at Nick, perhaps she'd thought he already left. Nick rounded the box and met up with her.
He placed a hand on her shoulder and she turned. Without a word, Nick leaned in and started to kiss the girl. He pushed her onto one of the couches and spread her legs. He hesitated again, looking at how gorgeous she was.
"Aren't you going to fuck me?" she asked playfully. His cock twitched at the thought. She smiled, grabbed his cock with her hand and started sliding her fingers up and down his shaft.
Nick couldn't help but moan. Her warm soft hand felt so good. Then the girl over closer to him and guided his cock inside of her wet little pussy. He could feel her tight walls expanding to make room for him. She was so hot he wanted to cum right there.
The girl let go of his cock and allowed him to start fucking her harder now. Another man saw what was happening and grabbed the girl's throat, moving her so that she could suck his cock while still being fucked by Nick. She was gagging and moaning at the same time. It felt so good to have two big cocks inside of her, using her body and filing her with their seed.
The other man came down the girl's throat making her gag and almost choke on his cum. When he left, Nick came inside of her pussy. It was exhilarating, having sex with a stranger while other people watched. He grabbed her and moved her so that she was sitting up against the arm of the couch, then he started to lick her clit.
"Look at that sloppy little cunt," he said pushing two fingers inside of her and fingering her as hard as he could. The girl started squirming and moaning louder.
"C'mon" Nick told the girl, "Cum for me,"
His fingers felt so good in her pussy. He picked up the speed again and she started bucking and came all over his hand. He told her to open her mouth. When she did, he let her lick his fingers clean and then he kissed her, the taste of cum on both their tongues.