Note: this is an illustrated story with photos from a modeling session which took place specifically to complement this text. The photos are included with express permission of the model.
This story occurs after the events of chapter 1, the following night. The backstory of chapter 1 is important to this story line, so please read and enjoy it!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dinner was not exactly at a fancy restaurant, but they were dressing up anyways. They both figured that any meal that didn't involve kids, coloring at the table and breaded chicken shaped like dinosaurs was worth getting into nice clothes for. Sayla wore a lovely dress that clung to her body, her hair down, a little make up ("wow, sexy" was Rob's verdict when he saw her in the bathroom). For his part, Rob was in a snappy-looking shirt and pants. True, they were not dressed for the opera, but this qualified as 'high class" for two busy parents.

As it turns out, the meal was lovely. They were enjoying time as a couple, talking about anything and everything, adult conversation for a change. Before dessert, Sayla excused herself and walked to the back of the restaurant to find the restrooms. As she passed the lounge on the way, she froze in her tracks. Sitting there at the bar with a drink was her "voyeur" from the night before. He was absorbed in the game on the big screen TV and probably never would have noticed Sayla except for the fact she was rooted in place, immediately to his left.
His peripheral vision caught her standing there and he looked over. After a momentary flash of confusion he realized who he was looking at. He turned in his chair to face her and smiled.
"Hello," he said simply.
Sayla didn't know what to do or say. Suddenly flushed and caught off guard, she stammered.
"We're .... having dinner."
She pointed vaguely behind her and quickly continued on to the restroom.
As she scurried past him, he said "Bye?"
In the bathroom Sayla was nearly hyperventilating. She wasn't embarrassed necessarily, just shocked to see him again. She peed, washed up, checked her hair and makeup and took a deep breath, vowing to be a little less dumbstruck when she passed him again. She walked out of the ladies room and was somewhat relieved to see he wasn't at the bar any more. She smiled to herself, remembering the impulsive events of the night before. That was a good bit of fun. She was so turned on after the little show she put on that she had cum in less than a minute under Rob's tongue.
She returned to the dining room and their table, and proceeded to have a heart attack. Because sitting there with her husband was her voyeur! Suddenly weak in the legs, Sayla wobbled back to the table and sat down next to her husband.
Rob was effusive: "Sayla! Jake just introduced himself to me, says you and he have already met! Ha! Empty restaurant, it was easy to guess which table we were at! He's staying for dessert!"
Sayla smiled wanly, still recovering from the shock. Jake ordered another drink as they waited for dessert to arrive. The men seemed entirely fine with this, talking about the hotel, the town, the game that Jake was just watching. No one mentioned what happened on the balcony the previous night. No one seemed to be at all conscious of the fact that Sayla exposed herself to Jake, and Jake masturbated and came in front of Sayla!
She quietly ate her dessert and while still a little nervous she was actually enjoying the chance to see her suitor up close. Jake was indeed a good-looking man. He spoke well, carefully, and gave off a very calm and thoughtful aura. Lovely eyes. Nice body, he clearly kept himself fit. It was actually hard to stay nervous around him; his relaxed approach to life was a bit contagious.
As they finished dessert and the coffee cups were empty there was a break in the conversation.
Jake suddenly blurted out, "Last night was fun!"
Here we go. Sayla swallowed hard and averted her gaze momentarily before smiling back at Jake. "Yes, it was... interesting."
Sayla pictured Jake stroking his cock on the balcony, and cumming onto the grass below. She shifted in her seat a little and then noticed Rob nodding so hard she was worried his head would fall off his shoulders.
After another uncomfortable silence, Jake ventured into a proposal. "Would you two ... be interested in ... trying something more, tonight?"
The response from Sayla was immediate. She talked fast. "Look, that was good harmless fun last night, but we're married and I don't think I ..." Her voice trailed off.
Jake interrupted her before she really got going, hands up, palms facing her. "Whoa, Sayla, I'm just playing for fun. A voyeur and exhibitionist, been doing it a long time. And I can tell that you... both of you... might be interested in it as well. Maybe we could come to a suitable arrangement, something fun that stays inside boundaries we're all ok with?"
Sayla paused and took a deep breath. Her heart was racing a bit as she looked uncertainly at Rob. For his part, Rob's eyes were half bugged out with excitement. He had no idea what Jake had in mind, but was at least willing to listen. He knew Sayla was adventurous, and this may be pushing it, but the potential for some fun was kind of intoxicating. Rob nodded in the affirmative.
Sayla turned to Jake and said, "OK fine, no promises, but what did you have in mind?"
-----------------
Sayla was on the balcony, smoking and pacing. "Rob, shit. I don't know. I can't believe I agreed to this."
Rob reassured her, "I'll be here the whole time, and if you don't like anything that's going on, we just stop and he goes back to his own room."
She stood there looking out into the dark night and sighed. She took one last pull on her cigarette, flicked it into the courtyard, and returned to the room.
"What am I supposed to wear?"
Rob laughed. "I've never done this either, I have no idea. Let's just wait for him to get here, and we can figure it out." With that, there was a knock at the door. Sayla half jumped out of her skin before collecting herself, while Rob opened the door. Jake was there with a bottle of wine and three glasses.
"Who ordered wine?" asked Jake, with some fun in his voice.
"Uh, we don't drink," said Rob.
Jake laughed easily (as he always did, it seemed) and announced there would be more wine for him. He opened the bottle and poured himself a glass. Then they all stood there staring at one another, awkwardly.
"I have a suggestion," said Jake, finally, moments before everyone just about died from the tension. He proposed that out of respect and modesty, Sayla should retire to the bathroom and change into something provocative, something she feels sexy in. She would wear the hotel robe and come back out to the room and uncover whatever she was comfortable with, at the pace she wanted. Sayla was relieved she wouldn't be doing a striptease in full view of both men, and quickly scampered to the bathroom.
She considered her options. She didn't want to be totally naked, but didn't want flannel pyjamas either. She laughed to herself - that was pretty funny. She sifted through the outfits she brought for the trip and settled on a pink one, a negligee with openings for the boobs, and a tight sheer panty. She didn't want ALL the good bits exposed at once. She covered herself in the robe and checked herself in the mirror. Not bad, she thought. She swallowed hard and headed out into the room.
The men had rearranged the furniture while she was dressing. For a moment she froze, trying to assimilate what she was looking at. A chair had been placed facing the bed. Where the chair was facing, pillows had been stacked on the bed, and a towel laid down. She figured out right away, that is where she would be sitting.
Jake had also changed into a robe but she could not tell what was underneath. Rob had stripped down to a t-shirt and loose shorts and she was pretty sure he had an erection poking out. He had, as agreed, set the camera on a tripod so that the whole event could be recorded.
After a final gulp of wine, Jake sat on the chair that faced the bed. He looked at Sayla, as she reluctantly sat on the bed and shimmied so that the pillows were right up against her back.
"No touching, right?" she confirmed.
Jake, calm and reassuring as always, affirmed that this was just for show, to watch, and to be watched. His demeanor was so calm and relaxed, so at ease, it spilled over onto Sayla. She looked at Rob and softly said "ok" and the camera started recording. With a fresh memory card, he figured he had hours of recording time available.
Sayla looked at Jake and loosened her robe. She pulled it aside, revealing her pink outfit, boobs sticking out of the negligee, nipples exposed. Jake licked his lips.

Whether from the sudden reveal or the arousal, she was poking straight out for her voyeur. She spread her legs, showing that she had lovely lacy panties on. Jake's eyes reacted, pupils dilating, as he took in this sexy woman seated just a foot away from him. He loosened his robe and pulled it aside. He was totally naked underneath. His semi erect cock bobbed out, exposed for Sayla to see. She drew in a tight breath at the sight of him, and his equipment. Jake spread his own legs and propped them on the edge of the bed. And so it was that Sayla and Jake were 1 foot apart on the end of the bed, legs spread in front of each other.
Sayla made the first move, playing with her boobs.

She stroked each tit from base to nipple, pinching when she reached the apex. Her nips were already erect but each time she stroked her boobies the nipples seemed to get harder, and longer. She gasped involuntarily at the sensation of playing with her tits in front of a man who was not her husband. It didn't take long for her to warm up to the idea. She could feel a flood forming in her crotch.
Jake just sat back and waited. His cock didn't need attention this instant, and besides he didn't want to blow his load right away. He leaned back and took in the scene, a lovely lady in a sexy pink outfit, playing with her titties right in front of him. His cock grew at the sight, and started to poke up.
Rob on the other hand was loving this. When Jake pulled his robe aside, Rob decided to drop his shorts so he had full access to his own equipment too, and not just the camera. The sight of Sayla playing was eventually going to be too much for him and he wanted to be ready.
Sayla continued to toy with her tits and nipples, getting progressively more aroused. She squirmed, feeling the tight fabric of the panties moving against her ever more swollen clit. She sighed again as she squeezed her nipples. Gazing straight ahead at Jake she could see his cock swelling to full size. He made no attempt to touch it, he just had it out on display for her. She was a married woman, but she looked longingly at that hard cock and bit her tongue, imagining what she would do with it.
And WTF - she suddenly noticed that Rob had his shorts off!! Standing at the camera looking through the viewfinder he had his right hand on his cock, starting a light stroke. Sayla was feeling overwhelmed with all the stimulus in front of her. The familiar stirrings of desire were strong in her loins and she needed to get some relief, so she proceeded to peel off her panties.
Now, totally exposed, right in front of Jake. He could see her pussy lips, her wetness. She had never felt so vulnerable, and so horny at the same time. Jake's heart rate jumped seeing Sayla slide off her panties.

Her exposed pussy, so wet, so luscious, so succulent, right in front of him. It was too much to bear, and he took his cock in his hand and started to stroke. He locked eyes with Sayla as she watched him take the precum from the very tip of his cock and rub it over his swollen red head. His cock bobbed and weaved back and forth as he played with the slippery end. Sayla's eyes never strayed from his swollen dick, while her hand slid down between her legs.
The deal they had concocted was a simple one: they would masturbate together, until they each came. No touching, just watching. Rob would film it, and they would part ways at the end of the night and never speak of it again. Jake wanted to watch her play with herself, and wanted to jack off while she did it; apparently he had done this before. While Sayla had no experience with this, the thought of it had made her more than a little excited. And now, soaking wet and aroused off the charts, she was totally in for the game.
She was turned on watching Jake tease the swollen end of his cock with the precum that was dripping out. Her breathing a little ragged, she could feel her aching swollen clit, her soaked pussy. She split her fingers into a V and started to stroke her pussy lips on either side of her clit.

The electricity in her body as she felt her fingers slide past her button was incredible and she groaned involuntarily. She had rarely been so turned on, and she knew she could come in no time. She stopped for a moment and peeled off her negligee, now totally naked in front of Jake.
Rob had completely given up any pretense of being the photographer. He had stripped his shirt off and was now totally naked, leaning back in a chair and taking the whole scene in. His sexy wife, stroking her kitty and off the edge with lust, in front of a guy who was until moments ago a complete stranger, who was in turn tugging his cock to the edge of desire. Rob could not believe his luck!
Sayla stroked her pussy more quickly. When she masturbates, she usually has her eyes closed and head back in bliss, but right now her eyes were open and focused on the rock hard cock bobbing mere inches from her. Jake was stroking his member more forcibly now and the anticipation that he could come at any moment was pushing Sayla over the edge. In one downstroke of her hand she inserted a finger in her pussy and stroked hard. Another involuntary gasp escaped her mouth as she fucked herself hard with two fingers, then three. She pulled out and started to frig her clit directly, as she reached the edge of her tolerance.
Jake stroked his erect cock from bottom to top, slowly and deliberately, as he watched Sayla rapidly fingering herself.
"Come for me Sayla," he muttered under his breath.
Sayla heard his lusty, deep command and felt herself spill over the edge.
"Oh fuck," she moaned. "Fuck fuck fuck."
She lost control and stroked her clit harder and harder as her orgasm overtook her. She gushed wetness, shook with pleasure, eyes now shut, and she came over and over and over. She lay there, shuddering, panting, and moaning.
Jake and Rob stopped their stroking and just watched. Sexy Sayla, pleasuring herself, out of control and coming all over the place was an amazing sight. Finally Sayla's orgasm subsided, she lay back, panting, soaked pussy, sopping wet hand, swollen red clit. It was the most amazing thing Jake and Rob had ever seen.
Jake resumed his stroking, two feet away from that swollen pussy. Now he stroked the full length of his cock, slowly, bottom to top. He was pretty sure he was going to shoot his load in a minute, the intense heat of Sayla's orgasm still hanging in the room. He leaned back and closed his eyes, aiming to masturbate his cock to an explosion.
Sayla was still so horny she could barely think. Watching Jake stroke his member was intolerably tempting. She sat up and placed her fingertips on the head of his cock.
Jake's eyes snapped open. "I... we... no, uh.."
Sayla replied, quickly, "shut up, new rules."
She wrapped the ends of her fingers around the head of Jake's cock and started to stroke quickly up and down. Jake sighed and sat back, as Sayla's fingers worked magic on the sensitive end of his member.
Rock hard, Jake's cock responded to Sayla's touch. She took more and more of it in her hand until finally she was stroking him bottom to top. Jake was on the edge, trying to hold off. Sayla was getting bold.
"Now YOU come for ME Jake. Come all over me baby."
She said it so breathlessly, with such lust in her voice, that Jake was nearly over the edge just hearing it. She stroked his cock hard with a downstroke, then an upstroke, and she felt his whole body tighten and his cock grow in her hand. She held his cock just below the head and aimed it towards herself. Jake came in one initial giant spurt, on her tits and down her chest. Another spurt onto her lap, in between her legs. The rest dribbled on her hand, and on the floor between them. Jake was half conscious, breathing heavily, as Sayla hung onto his still-hard cock.
Sayla looked over at Rob. Excited, cock in hand, he was eager to join the fun! Sayla shuffled further back on the bed and beckoned Rob over.
"Come here. I want you to fuck me, now."
Rob didn't need to be asked twice. He plunged his cock into Sayla's wet pussy and started to thrust. The urgency and force of his lust took Sayla's breath away. She laid back and clutched the sheets as Rob pounded her pussy. She tried to tighten her muscles to feel him more but he was fucking her so hard and so fast she gave in and just let him bang her brains out. A few more thrusts and she could see his face contorting as he got ready to blow his load.
"On me, baby, cum on me."

He pulled out and in one stroke jacked his whole load onto her tummy and tits. He groaned twice, three times as he emptied his nuts on her. Sayla gasped in pleasure and she felt the hot ropes on cum on her body.
"Fucking amazing," Rob said, as he slumped on top of Sayla, cum and all.
They lay like that for several minutes before one of them remembered that Jake was still in the room. Sayla looked over and there he was, naked, a half-erect dick in his hands. He looked like he had just had the time of his life, as he grinned at his two new friends.
"I think we should do this again," he said.
Neither Rob nor Sayla disagreed.
To be continued...