It was nearing the end of the second semester at University when Michael had just returned to his room, from his Lacrosse training. Michael wasn't your typical first year student; he rarely drank or went out partying and typically kept himself to himself and his cards close to his chest. He was also neither your stereotypical nerd; he enjoyed being outdoors and playing sport and kept himself in good shape, although he tended to be socially awkward around others and especially around girls, coming from an all boys school background.
Michael lived in shared accommodation at the University halls of residence, with whom he resided with 2 other guys and a girl, Lucy.
Lucy was, to all intents and purposes, the complete opposite to Michael; she was very outgoing, confident and definitely the most talkative person in the flat. This being said she found it difficult to connect and converse with Michael with their conversations often being short and to the point with no real meaning to them. In a sense she found Michael rather mysterious and difficult to read. She knew he was not confident being thrown into one-on-one social situations with her and any conversation with even a hint of sexual nature would make him go into his shell even more. This being Lucy she tended to use sexual innuendos a lot, whether intentional or not.
After returning from his training session Michael put away his kit and grabbed what he needed from his room ready to take a shower. The shower was in the communal bathroom, shared by all 4 flat mates, of which the lock was currently broken, which made Michael a bit uneasy. The lock had been so for most of the year now and the group had made it so far without any undo mishaps, which meant Michael was confident enough to take a shower while others were in the flat.
Michael set his towels aside and began to undress; he was by no means on overly muscular guy but kept himself toned in all the right places. As he finished removing the last of his clothes he unusually found himself nursing a semi. While no means the next Ron Jeremy, Michael was fairly well endowed sporting a generous member. Michael went about the routine of preparing the bathroom in order to avoid generating of mould, this being student accommodation nothing really worked as it should. He turned on the shower, as it took an eternity to warm up, then slightly opening the window, as the extractor fan didn't work. In the act of doing so a large gust of wind had blown through causing the bathroom door to unclick from its latch, the noise being masked by the running shower. The door hadn't opened wide enough for it to be noticeable and hence Michael entered the shower without any concern for it to be so.
Michael went about showering, letting the water run through is auburn hair. He began applying the body wash rubbing it into his arms and torso, the combination of the body wash and water created a glistening body, which highlighted his toned features. His hands worked their way down his body to his still semi-erect member. He retracted the foreskin over his slightly engorged head and began to clean in and around his glans. The extra blood flow to his penis meant that the sensitivity was greater than usual and gave it more attention than he usually would. His hardening member against his foam-lathered hands felt really good, as he moved hands up down his length. Michael began to lose track of time as he played with his ever-hardening member.
At this point Lucy had left her room with her earphones in, blasting out some Foo Fighters. She was intensively fixed to her phone screen furiously texting her best friend about the events of the day. As she headed towards the bathroom, unaware that it was currently occupied, she extended one arm, still texting with the other and pushed the door open. As the warm, humid air hit in her face she finally looked up and dropped her phone. What she saw was the glorious sight of Michael with both hands on his erect penis as water cascaded over her body. Lucy had never seen him without a t-shirt on never mind in his birthday suit sporting a full hard on. She began to wonder why he kept this body hidden away all the time.
Before her phone hit the ground, the cord of her earphones snapped taught preventing it from crashing into the floor, which would have certainly alerted him to her presence. As Lucy stared through the mist, beads of sweat beginning to accumulate in her cleavage, she finally snapped out of her trance and backed up out of the bathroom, realising what she was looking at.
As she made her way back to her room, her sexual curiosity, of which she lacked none, got the better of her and slowly sneaked back for a second look. This time she remained outside the bathroom squinting through the mist. She couldn't see the finer details of what was going on, but she could see Michael's outline and her mind filled in the blanks. As Michael's hands still worked their way up and down his member, for what was either a really deep clean or what would probably be classified as masturbating, the distinction between the two had probably been blurred in his brain due to the blood flowing elsewhere. Lucy's hands had also begun to wonder.
Before she knew it, she was fondling her breasts with one hand while the other was making its way through her long brown hair. Her nipples began to harden through her t-shirt as her arousal grew; she threw her head back against the wall, arched her back and threw her hips out in front of her. Her fingers teased her nipples pulling and pinching them while grabbing a handful of her hair to contain her ecstasy. At this point she was no longer focusing on Michael, her head was pointing toward the ceiling with her eyes closed as she used her imagination to create an image of Michael fondling his cock.
Michael to had his eyes closed as the combined feeling of the running water onto the head of his penis and his hands vigorously stroking his shaft began to overwhelm him. He felt his orgasm building as gentle groans escaped his body. On hearing these moans, Lucy reciprocated with her own. She pulled on her hair even harder as her hand made its may down her torso and over her pussy. She felt the wet heat emanate through her leggings, as she slid her fingers through the folds of her pussy.
Michaels pace began to increase as he felt his orgasm building. He felt the sensation being to grow up through his balls, the loudness sound of his groans getting louder. Lucy had already cottoned onto this, from countless previous experiences, and had already slipped a finger inside her pussy. It was at this point another gust of wind made its way through the bathroom causing the door to slam against the frame. The bang was loud enough to snap them both out of their respective euphoria's.
This had caused Michael to turn around in a panic, like a rabbit in the headlights, denying him of his release. He faced the door to notice it slightly ajar; he jumped out the shower without completely washing away the foam and covered himself up with a towel. His erection subsided quickly as the realization that the door had been open this whole time set in. Lucy's reaction was much less frenetic, she opened her eyes and slowly brought them down to the door to realise she could no longer peer into the bathroom. She effortlessly withdrew her finger from her pussy, brought it up to her mouth and pushed it through her pursed lips. Her tongue swirled around her finger as she took in her own juices. After this she slowly peeled herself away from the wall, smirking to herself, as she knew Michael was denied his orgasm. She made her way into her bedroom, stripped off without hesitation and threw herself onto the bed.
Lucy knew she hadn't reached her orgasm and was in a very horny frame of mind to get herself there. She extended her arm into her bottom draw, threw all her panties of out the way and pulled out a penis-like dildo. As she inspected the 9 inches of silicone, she thought that it was roughly the same length of what she had seen only moments earlier. She stroked up and down the length of the dildo a couple of times imagining what it would be like to wrap her hands around Michael's cock. Her pussy was begging to be filled, as she drew the cock down between her perky breasts, down over her belly button finally resting in the lips of her pussy.
By this point Michael had regained some of his composure, but was still playing out a million scenarios in his head of who could have seen or even worse filmed what he was doing. His attention quickly focused to getting back into his room and locking himself away from the world to pretend like nothing had happened. He tip-toed around the bathroom cleaning up after himself, as if cleaning up a crime scene, to make sure there were no signs that he had been in there. He made his way to the door and slowly opened it, hoping it wouldn't creak, peering through the gap in the door to make sure no one else was around. He had no idea that if he had done that only minutes earlier that he would have found Lucy pleasuring herself within a matter of feet from the shower.
He squeezed himself through the gap in the door and leant himself up against the wall, where Lucy had just been, to poke his head around the corner down the hallway. The realisation then hit him that he had to make his way all the way down the corridor, past all his other flat mates' rooms, to his own. He thought to himself whether to sneak down the corridor, but being in the open longer, or whether to sprint down, but at the possibility of alerting the others to his presence. He stepped out from behind the wall and stealthily made his few steps down the hallway and breathed a sigh of relief as he saw no one else, vigorously scanning in front of him. Then suddenly he heard a noise come from one of the rooms, and all poise went out the window as he sprinted to his bedroom. This had caused his towel to become undone and only just about grabbed it as he made to the end of the corridor.
Michael was now in a frantic panic, as he had himself exposed in the open for everyone to see. The panic meant as he opened the door he was much noisier than he ideally wanted to be, he realised this and went with a second hand to be more discreet but in the process completely dropping his towel. As he stood bollock naked, half in his room and half in the hallway, he had no option to get into his room and leave his towel outside. He shut the door behind him and furiously locked the door, again making a lot of noise. He grabbed the duvet off his bed, crawled under his desk, covered himself up and waited for a hole in the ground to swallow him up. He briefly considered going back outside to grab his towel, but couldn't bear himself any more embarrassment.
By this point Lucy had the dildo buried 6 inches into her pussy and was at the other end to Michael on the enjoyment scale. She heard the commotion on going on outside her door, as Michaels' room was right next to hers. She slid the dildo out her pussy and made her way to her door, the thought of putting any clothes on never even crossing her mind. As she opened the door, she saw the towel lying on the floor outside Michael's room. She had a pretty good idea why it was there, considering all the commotion, but her devious mind thought that Michael had left it there intentionally for her and he was currently playing with his gorgeous cock.
Lucy picked up the towel and went back into her room; she knew it was a wrong thing to leave Michael without a towel but her lewd mind had other ideas. As she walked back to her bed, eyeing up her dildo, she used the towel to wipe away the moisture from her pussy. She then spread the towel over her bed, lay on top of it and got back to what she was doing before Michael had rudely interrupted her.
Lucy had some information that Michael did not, and that her other flat mates were not in, and with Michael only through some paper-thin walls she upped the ante on how naughty she could get. As Lucy went back to playing with her dildo, she made the concerted effort to moan out loud, loud enough that Michael couldn't mistake what she was doing. A few feet away Michael, with his head under his duvet, heard so faint noises coming from next door. He was still mightily embarrassed and re-running what had just happened over and over again in his head, but his curiosity of the origin of the noise meant he peeled the duvet down from his head.
As he did so, Lucy brought her free hand down to her clit and began to furiously rub it, inducing even louder moans. The noise into Michael's room was now unmistakably the noise of Lucy pleasuring herself. Michael had heard rumors of Lucy's sexual exploits and made a pretty educated guess at what was going on. Lucy's intended effect was working, as Michael found himself getting harder again. He put his head back under his duvet, to find himself standing at full attention.
Back in Lucy's head, she was imagining Michael lying down on his bed using both hands jerking on his throbbing cock. As she felt her orgasm building, with her moans not dying down, she imagined Michael preparing himself to explode over his body. She brought her self to the edge of ecstasy, as the images of Michael cuming over his chest and abs ran through her mind, which sent her over the edge. As she came, and her orgasmic juices flooded out of her, she involuntary screamed Michael's name as her whole body spasmed in orgasm.
At this point Michael was just about to wrap his hand around his engorging cock, when the sound of his name coming through the walls startled him. As Lucy gradually came down from her orgasm, she saw what she had done to the towel and grinned to herself as she decided what to do with it next.
** **
Sorry if it's a bit long, I only planned on it being a couple of pages but I started really getting into it ;)
Will hopefully be coming back for a second episode if you guys enjoy this one.
Hope you enjoy.