It's 12:30 am and you text me to meet you at the usual spot. You have been out with your friends and aren't ready for the night to end. Feeling good after cigars, whiskey, and laughs, you want to see me, more accurately, feel me.
I dress quickly, making sure to wear something with easy access to all your favorite parts of me. I grab a loose sundress and look at my naked body in the mirror. My DD cup beast are full, with the natural bounce that only God and time can give a woman. They aren't as perky as a 20 year old, but instead have the sensual curve of a grown ass woman who knows how to please and accept pleasure. As I admire my body, I grab a bottle of essential oils I use to keep my skin supple and soft to the touch, and squeeze the oil over my erect nipples. As I slowly rub the oil over my big tits, I start to turn myself own. I softly pinch my rock hard nipples and immediately feel by pussy begin to throb. I close my eyes and imagine the oils is your cum bursting onto my girls. Getting lost in my fantasy I even lick my lips, expecting to taste you.
I slip my dress on. No need for panties or a bra. I've been wet since I read your text, and lubing up my body with oil in anticipation of your strong hands pleasuring my nipples and grabbing my fat ass, has me on the verge of cumming all over myself. I grab my keys and am out the door. Before I know it, I've arrived at the manmade pond that's surrounded by office buildings and sit on the hood of my car awaiting your arrival. Not 30 seconds later you pull up next to me.
You look good enough to eat. I'm taken back to the first time we met. I'm still not sure if it was your full lips or the intellectually stimulating comments on geopolitics coming out of them that turned me on more. As we exchanged ideas and debated the economic possibilities of sub Saharan Africa, the way you licked your lips when I offered a perspective you had not considered made me wet and lose my train of thought. I watched your eyes struggle to maintain contact with mine, instead of watching my cleavage. You so wanted to show you respected my mind, but your body kept betraying you with signs of lust. I leaned over to give you a better view, squeezing your knee to let you know we were on the same wave length intellectually and physically. You had me from that moment. That was almost 15 years ago now, but your mouth still makes me wet.
You walk to me slowly and I part my legs to welcome you. Without a word, you kiss me deeply. Your lips and tongue are soft and I can taste the liquor on you. I pull you in and kiss your neck. You run your hand up my thigh finding what you were searching for. I let out a sigh of pleasure and release as you caress my hot love with your hand. You put your fingers in your mouth to taste me and I feel your dick get harder against my stomach.
You slide the straps of my dress down causing my girls to spill out. My nipples are hard and you slowly circle one with your thumb while the other is in your mouth. I moan with pleasure and feel my pussy fill anew with wetness. You take my hand and lead me to the railing overlooking the pond. You stand behind me and lift my dress. The feeling of the breeze on my swollen pussy makes me moan. You open your pants, pull out your monster and bend me over the railing. I open my legs, almost without thinking, preparing for your entry. You ask me if I want your dick. I moan yes. You slide inside of me and sigh because the pussy is hot, wet and tight...just the way you like it. Even though there is probably no one watching us, the thought that someone might watch makes me even hornier.
Your stroke starts slow, but get faster, harder, deeper. I'm literally covering my mouth with my hand so I don't scream with pleasure. My girls are bouncing to the rhythm of your stroke. You wrap your arm around my waist and ask me if your dick is good. I reply, "yes, daddy." I ask if you like the way I take it and you moan and fuck me harder. I tell you I am coming and you cum with me.