"That was so much fun."
Josie McKellen referred to her first ever threesome with two beautiful young ladies. Between they and her routine basketballers she was covered in sticky cum, Josie was not complaining. Not one bit!
"My dress it sticking to me like glue. I should have rinsed myself in the girls room but Roman is getting impatient with me. At least I cleaned my face and neckline so it wasn't as noticeable. I feel so...adventurous. Roman and Henry both need to step it up or I'm going to look for more days like today. Thankfully Reese has plans for me." She paused to explore her mindset then bubbles forth with, "I'm such a nympho. Dang proud of it." Enjoying her freedom she kicked her shoes back off and traversed the rest of the way to the football field barefoot. She noticed Roman out on the field whistling at his players to liven up and practice their playbook strategies better. It was exhilarating seeing the boys launch into battle plans and scurry about the field like wayward warriors. "Mmmm! This is just like Homer's classic poem the Iliad and the battle of Troy. Just not in dactylic hexameter, more in DICKtylic SEXameter." She giggled. "My little Trojans. Just don't wear them when you attack me with any big horse." Her brain was friend these days. "They give me aCHILLes up my spine." Yeah, her humor was just as awful as Piper Cherry's. Rubbing on each other as often as they did would obviously rub off as well.
The closer Josie got to the sidelines the more distracted Crandell's team got. Once Roman realized Josie was on the other side of a chain link fence in front of the bleachers he instructed them to keep running the play's he improvised to give him time with his girl. Walking over to the fence he grimaced, "I know you. What took you so long?"
"Nothing!" She batted her eyes at him, "I told you I ran into some girls. They were...gabby." More grabby but hey!
"Uh huh! What's all those specks on your chest and shoulders?" He lowers his eyes to see her skirt sticking to her inside leg slightly, more shiny specks on her legs and toes. "Looks like I jizzed on you for a month straight."
"You say the sweetest things." Lashes serenade him like butterflies in heat.
"You get laid?"
"No. Just licked. Everywhere." She fluttered her fingers over her body. "Girls only. The...other stuff...not so much."
"Why didn't you just tell me you looked like hell, I would have let you go on home."
"No, I promised I'd support you, even if we didn't find our usual us time in your office." She pointed out, "Speaking of...we need to be more spontaneous."
"I seem to recall I just fucked you in your classroom. What more do you want?"
"That was so long ago." She razzed him with her tongue, "I don't know Roman...be creative. Take me somewhere besides Horton-Dexter. Do things to me you've never done before. Live a little Roman." Funny she thought of Homer with his name being Roman.
"I'll work on that. Have a seat on the bleachers. I'll be done here in thirty minutes."
"Okay! I'll just watch all those sweaty young men."
"Keep your legs together. I told you not to distract my boys before the big game."
"Too late." She hesitantly directs a finger to the Horton-Dexter Swallows, all of which were looking her way. Shaking his head he gave up and left her to the sidelines. Giggling at his reaction she stepped back to the bleachers and decided to climb up to the fourth row and take a seat, setting her bag and shoes to her right. With Roman's back turned she offered a devious grin and just parted her legs for anyone looking to see up her skirt. Defiance was her middle name.
Out on the field Darryl Priest and Gavin Ruley stepped over to Quarterback Angus Furlong and got his attention, "Yo Angus, Dakota's mom is in the stands."
"Look at that pussy." Gavin looked her way as he moved into position to hike the football. Angus snapped a glance her way but tried not to appear obvious. Wondering if she knew what he and Robin Banks did to Dakota weighed on him. Arrogant one second, feeling kind of lousy the next. Something within him was Jekyll and Hyde ever since the Hardecker situation. He had heard through the grapevine that Josie McKellen was going all the way with people but until he knew for certain he only fantasized. Seeing up her skirt like this was pretty much a clue his grapes were in a bunch.
"She's as sexy as Counsellor Cherry these days. Her wardrobe change is fucking hot." Toby Mellon eased over in the line to share his thoughts.
Calling the play the group dispersed in all directions the second Angus claimed the ball. Deciding to run the ball instead of passing he ran wide along the fence line but in bounds. Flying by Josie she flared her eyes at his athletic agility in dodging the other boys. Her mind was already imagining someone with his build and speed taking her down hard and having no mercy. Her fingers eagerly found her clit and began teasing it with sweet devotion, unfortunately with Roman looking, her activity ceased as fast as it started. Still, she knew a few boys had seen her touching herself.
Tackled finally by Dante Collier Angus got up and brushed himself off in front of Josie, running his hand right over his cupped crotch to see if she might notice. Of course, she did. Wagging a finger at him she mumbled, "Bad boy." Reading lips wasn't his specialty but that one was pretty easily deciphered. At Roman's yell Angus turned back toward the field for another play. Dante having been out for weeks with a broken wrist was just now catching on to what he had missed. Not as dark shall we say as the other members of his team he actually respected Josie, enjoying her classes immensely long before this change in her. He being athletic as well as dramatic he had been in one of Josie's plays his Freshman year. The last few years the budget for the school had omitted any further drama department funding like so many other things. Dante missed being a leading man.
On the sidelines further over some of the boys not actively practicing stood around sharing something which they passed around. Definitely not a football. Was it a glove? Josie realized when it went to a boys nose exactly what it was. "There it is. Roman warned me it was circulating. Oh, you little pricks." She left her things behind on the bleacher and took a stroll over to them. Realizing her main culprit to be the original thief Corey Samson she gripped the fence and got their attention. "HEY! Panty Raider!" Josie was getting good at the nicknames, Piper had an influence on her even in that area. "Are those my daughter's panties?"
Everyone abandoned Corey in the blink of an eye. Acknowledging her by removing his helmet and inhaling Dakota's thong yet again just for meanness he chuckled, "Maybe!"
"Give them to me."
"Oh, I'd love to give it to you Mrs. M." He then rubbed Dakota's thong on his crotch. "Love to give it to Dakota too."
"I said them, not it. You know what I mean! What gives you the right to steal my daughter's underwear? How did you even get those?"
"Right off those sweet thighs of hers in the hallway. Even before Ang..." He was cut off by a brisk hand on his shoulder. Angus Furlong had over heard them and knew of the thong in his possession, he had planned on getting them back after practice to return them to Dakota tomorrow. A peace offering he and Robin planned out once they knew of Corey's thievery. Using this situation to his advantage Angus pushed Corey and barked, "Those are Dakota's? What the fuck are you doing with them? Give them to me Samson before I knock your lungs out your ass."
Impressed by Quarterback's sneak attack, Josie wasn't even thinking hormonally. It was charming that he was defending her baby. She knew of Dakota's crush on the boy but until now she hadn't put much thought into it. Too be honest her only thought on it before today was that Angus had hot buns. He still did but now was not the moment to drool, a fight might be brewing. Hearing Roman's whistle to break it up Corey relented and gave Angus the thong. "Keep the act up." Was all Angus had to tell his friend. Devious Fucker!
"Fuck you Furlong. You can have her little skank panties. Why don't you wear them? I'll just go after Sable's next time." Angus turned back immediately and the shoving escalated until other boys intervened to bust them up. The gentle giant Calvin Knobbs stood between them offensively, a huge roadblock indeed. Once Roman moved in and separated them to a good twenty yards from one another, Angus removed his chin strap, then his helmet. Walking over to Josie he delicately nudged the thong through the fence into her possession.
"Here Mrs. M. Sorry Samson was being such a dick. Ummm? Don't let on to Dakota I...touched her underwear. I really like her."
"I can see that. Thank you for standing up for her."
"Always! I know it's really bad timing but...can I ask Dakota out again? I mean I already did but without permission. Robin and I just finally called it quits."
"Gee I thought you had eyes for me." She winked, "I saw how you boys looked me over after I stepped out of Roman's office this morning. No weight room workout obviously."
"Yeah we forgot we had practice. Next week for sure." He shrugged then paused mid twist of step, "No offense?" He winced scratching his scalp, "You're hard not to look at. Nice nightie by the way."
"It's a chemise. Close enough I suppose."
"I better get back before I say something I'd really like to."
"Oh? You can say what you want I won't think bad of you."
"Better not. I do dig Dakota."
"Last chance." She winces playfully.
"God I wanna tear that dress off of you and fuck every hole you have."
"Mmmm! Is it that hard? I mean was it that hard?"
"That ruin my chances with Dakota?"
"No. Just don't treat her like you want to treat me. I might...bite that off."
"Damn! Can we talk more later?"
"After Roman leaves. I don't want him upset over my distracting you boys any more than I already have. I'll tell him you want to talk to me about Dakota."
"I do actually." He chuckles, "Both of you."
"For just you?" She leers around at the field seeing Darryl and Toby looking their way.
"Uhhh? How do I answer that?"
"With honesty. Is that possible?"
"See all those guys out there?"
"Yes."
"Every fucking one of them wants to bend you over." Her reaction was to stare without expression then sighs. Taking a deep breath she flares her eyes with curiosity.
"I don't know what to say...let's just talk about Dakota first. I need you to understand I'm very protective of her."
"So am I. That pair of underwear should tell you that."
"Alright!" She winks then flutters her knuckles at him to go before Roman had a stroke. "Go play."
"You too." He winks making her batt her lashes at him. As he takes off to rejoin his team she looks to Roman calling him in. After informing the boys what he expected in running plays Roman made his way back to the fence. Leaning on it by curling his fingers within the links he growls and shakes his head.
"What part of don't distract did you not get?"
"What I got was Dakota's panties. Something you could have gotten Mister I called to let Me know." She informed him waving them in front of his face, then gritting her teeth at her insensitive motion toward her daughter, regardless he captured Dakota's scent and winced. "Sorry if I made a scene in doing that. You warned me Corey Samson had them so I just asked for them back. Angus wants to date Dakota."
"Stupid move. Avoid the punk like the bubonic plague."
"Is he that bad? He seemed very polite just now. He got her undies back for me...her, then proceeded to ask my permission to date her. I won't forbid my kids from dating as long as I know they're in good hands."
"Only thing that boys hands are good for is catching and throwing a football. Fair warning Miss Trustworthy."
"Let me be the decision maker on how I see him. You go Coach I'm going back to my bench and..."
"Can you do me a solid? Go sit on the bleachers on the blind side of the field." He points where she should relocate.
"You don't want me to watch you?"
"No I don't want them to watch you."
"Fine! I'll call home and play hide and seek. Do you remember my saying think outside the box and to be more open? To push our limits for a more interesting relationship?"
"Yeah? why?"
"Food for thought." A playful beguiling expression begs that he attempt to read her mind. Shrugging at her Roman just turned his back and waved his knuckles behind his head. He had no clue what she was getting at, nor the time. "Fine! I'll just make my own fun. He's so adorable when he's clueless."
Returning once more to her bag she grabs her things and shuffles to her new seat to the left goal post side with a block designed concession stand obscuring part of the field. She could still see the players and they could see her, just not as easily for any of them, including Roman. Once she found her bench preferring the fourth row up like before, she relaxed and thought about what Angus had just said.
"I must be losing my mind. Even I know not to trust Angus. For all I know he and Corey staged that fight just to get on my good side." Right on the money but she wasn't certain. "The boy is charming I'll give him that. Maybe I should talk with Dakota and see how she really feels about him. If she does want to date him at least she and I can bond over him. If I tell her no she can't date him she would probably do it behind our back anyway. I know I ignored my parents when I was her age."
She huffs her cheeks considering how best to deal with her daughter going forward, factoring in her own desires which would undoubtedly destroy her relationship with not just Dakota but likely Sable. Even Henry would frown at her ignorance. Her lust was getting out of control, but she just couldn't resist the possibilities of a hot young cock. MILF stood for MEN I'D LOVE to FUCK in her mind. They were men if not barely. Sadly, she wasn't picky. The excitement of being wanted by so many was intoxicating.
Discovered, more trailed during her move, the boys looked her way as often as Roman would allow. Sighing she just lifted her skirt up and showed off as she had before. An early evening breeze whipped her chemise about over her skin, her stickiness fading away more and allowing it freedom to roam. Knowing full well that they were talking about her she playfully waved at them. When they could avoid Roman's glare they returned the wave. Some of them even dry humped the air in front of them and acted as if they were spanking her.
"Oh my god! It's true. They do all want me. I can't just sit here and not flirt back I'm so wet I think I'm dripping on the bleacher. Roman would be pissed at me though. Uggggh! Just behave...call Dakota." She talked to herself until she plucked her cell from her purse. Dialing Dakota's number she leaned back against row five awaiting her daughter to answer.
"Mom?" Dakota picked up.
"Hey Honey! What are you guys doing?"
"I'm changing for dinner. Dad's making hot dogs and the Cheesiest."
"Again? Doesn't he know how to make anything else?"
"He knows what we like. Where are you?"
"Sitting on the bleachers by the football field. Roman is holding a practice."
"Ummm? Why are you out there? Is Angus there?" She knew he was she had seen him earlier when Kelly Herbert picked them up from school.
"Yes he is. He asked about you." Josie was on curiosity mode now.
"He did? Oh my god! Mom? What did you say?"
"That I'd consider letting him..." She had to grit her teeth wanting to say, "...fuck me." ,but finished her thought out loud with, "ask you on a proper date. He really likes you."
"I'm going to faint." Dakota grew flustered, "He asked me once before but I told him no, not until he and Robin broke up."
"He just told me they ended it."
"I know. She told me at Cheerleader practice at Piper's."
"So it's old news. How do you feel about him now?"
"I..." Dakota falters thinking of what he and Robin did to her against her locker, "...need a little more time to think about it. Don't you think they should both get over one another first?"
"That's a very grown up thing to say." While talking Josie rubbed her pussy just to rekindle the attention on her actions. The boys shared thumbs up when they could. "If Angus is serious about you he will be patient. Does Robin know he likes you?"
"Yes. She told me she's okay with it if I do go out with him, but I just...want to be sure. Mom?"
"Yes?"
"I let Angus kiss me today. I know what I just said but...I didn't even know how to kiss a boy. I was embarrassed." More embarrassed over Robin kissing her at the same time. She couldn't even admit to that. If she had Josie would have understood having just made out with Annette and Kim in the gym, among other things.
"I'm sure he wasn't worried about how you kissed."
"Promise me you won't tell Daddy. I don't want him to think badly of me."
"I suppose you don't want your Father to know about Corey swiping your panties either."
"You know about that? How?"
"Roman over heard them talking about it and called me. That's why I'm out here. I have your thong back. Can I ask why you weren't wearing it? I know he didn't take it off of you."
"I...wanted to know what it was like going without."
"Commando at school?"
"You do it. Piper does it. The cheerleaders even go without."
"I'm not scolding you Dakota. A week ago I might have, but after our promise not to set rules over wardrobe...I give up. Just be careful."
"You be careful." She retaliated giggling.
While they bantered more, some of the players not so much utilized felt mischievous and snuck away, namely two, Corey Samson himself seeking justification over what he thought was his before Angus changed that outcome, and Nolan Posey one of the lesser talents on the team. Admiring her touching herself they took their cellphones out and videoed her actions for their own satisfaction.
"Shoot!" Josie sat up straight and put her legs together in a hurry, Roman looking her way to make sure she was behaving. He hadn't even missed his skulking players. Corey and Nolan observing her actions realized that the Coach must have instructed her to move yet again so she just scooted over further and finally huffed and whipped her legs around to stick them in between the rows. Her back now to the field it looked silly but she simply just improvised. She continued her talk with Dakota asking what Sable was doing.
Long winded she just leaned her elbows on the bench above her, feet swaying back and forth. Corey and Nolan discussed a plan and tossed a rock over her which when it came crashing to the bleachers made her look away. The second she did both boys bolted to the back of the bleachers and made their way under and toward her for an up close visual of her pussy in full view. Still distracted between the noise and Dakota the boys dared to kneel directly under her and agree to come up beneath her legs and capture them mid swing. Gasping at her legs being gripped she nearly dropped her cell.
"What? Nothing Honey, I almost knocked my shoes off the bleachers is all." She covered herself while trying to look and see who it was under the seating. Tugging her legs toward them her ass slid closer to the planks edge, her skirt rolling up under her. Jaw dropping she found her legs parting further and two separate tongues licking her inside thighs. "Ohhh, shit! Honey? I need to go I'll be home soon. Love you." Once off the phone she tensed up, one tongue had found her labia and was tugging on her lips before burying inside her cunt. "Who are you?" She asked aloud.
"Secret admirers." Nolan chuckled altering his voice to sound unlike himself, "Better yell for the Coach."
"Why would I do that?" She panted, "Fuck that feels good."
"You really are a slut aren't you Mrs. M?"
"Isn't that obvious? Don't stop with your forward pass."
"Can't stay long the Coach will see us." Nolan rubbed her leg as Corey ate her out, two fingers up inside her pussy adding to her enjoyment. She tried to look over her shoulder toward the field but it was only peripheral due to her bad angle.
"Mmmmmmmm ooooooooo yessssssssss! You have one talented tongue whoever you are."
"Dude! I want some before we run out of time." Nolan tapped Corey out. Just the ten seconds between switch off she pouted and cried, "Penalty!"
"Come back." She hinted until Nolan replaced him with his own tongue digging in deep. "F-f-f-fuck! Two talented tongues. Yesssssssssssss! I'm going to cum." In under three minutes Josie squirted on Nolan's face, Corey laughing at his boy's reaction to her warm cascade.
"Dinner is served." Corey chuckled.
"Corey?"
"Hey Mrs. M." He stuck his head up at a sideways angle to let her see him.
"I'm sorry about earlier." She sighed.
"All good. That makes up for it. Oh, tell Dakota I jizzed on her panties."
"Yet you let other boys smell them after?"
"Okay, you got me...I was going to later though." He laughed as Nolan dried his face on his shirt sleeve. "You should let us do this more often."
"Be gentlemen and I might."
"Fuck that. You deserve to be treated like the whore you are."
"Mmmm! We shall see." Dealing with her lover Reese Teller and his similar sexpectations the term did seen accurate. Ready to admit her easily swayed consent she was interrupted by an outburst.
"Shit! Coach is coming, Antoine just waved us away." Nolan moved out first and darted from the bleachers back behind the concession stand. Corey noticing Dakota's thong balled up inside Josie's shoe reached up and stole it again without her noticing as she reeled her legs into a swing and faced herself forward. Corey snuck out just before Roman appeared. Plucking her cell up Josie played it off as still talking to Dakota. She did however blow Roman a kiss to mask her mischief, that and to give the boys time to return to the field.
Nodding at her seemingly harmless reaction Roman turned away. The second he did Josie stood up and lifted her dress up to her shoulders and flashed the boys a full frontal. Counting to ten before sitting down giggling she grabbed her cell again to be safe. "I can't believe I just did that. Now the entire football team has seen me naked. I hope to God Carl doesn't raise hell with me if he hears I did that. Of course not he did tell me to have fun earlier. It's not like he hasn't seen me have sex in the hallway with all of his hidden cameras, I wouldn't be surprised if one was in my classroom too. After all this time I just don't get Carl Manley, Voyeur Supreme."
With the boys having witnessed Josie's insane exhibition the whispers were circulating like pox in socks. One simple carrier led to another in a chain of mischief. After their incredible feat during Detention in stripping Piper Cherry and swaying her into a field of trust, they wanted the same bond with Josie McKellen. Angus as ever the ringleader stressed that whatever they did with Josie must remain amongst those they trusted themselves. Jocks with cocks nobody talks his motto.
They would even keep this current event from Piper Cherry unless she found out some other way. Of course she would, Carl Manley was abreast of everything on his campus. While he didn't volunteer his knowledge to Piper or Josie he didn't lie to them either. All they had to do from now on was ask. Piper hadn't spoken to Josie of her Detention antics either. Yet, at least. Let the sluts have their secrets. Let the boys have their own. The fun was only beginning.
Corey returned to the field after Nolan and spread the word of what they had just done. Approaching Angus during a breather as if praising his leader Corey Samson offered him Dakota's thong again. "Got it back if you wanna whiff. Still smells yummy bro." Seeing it Angus chuckled.
"We're all crazy bastards aren't we? Thanks, tomorrow I'll give it back to Dakota myself and make it look like you and I made peace. I'll tell Mrs. M you swiped it again which isn't a lie but I found out and took it back."
"Can I jizz into it before you take it?"
"No! Jesus Samson, you think I'm going to hold it after you unload on my girls thigh patch?"
"Your girls?"
"Yeah...trust me I'm gonna take Dakota's virginity here real soon. Hell, I think I just landed permission from her mom. Unless Mrs. M changes her mind I'm pretty certain we're all getting some of her too. Let's just gain her trust just like we did Piper. Divide and conquer like Mr. Knowles told us in History."
"Insane bro. You're the man with the plan. Your army marches at dawn." Corey laughed and relinquished the thong. Angus turned away from everyone and stuffed it down his pants, beneath his cup to rest right over his dick. Home sweet home. It was all his now. Wincing at Angus for doing it Corey grit his teeth and walked away. Unknown to Angus, Corey had at least laid his dick inside it envisioning Dakota's cunt. He might not have jizzed in it but there could have easily been a pubic hair hiding in the material. A blond pube in it would look bad if noticed, Angus having brown hair. Shit happens!
"Hey!" Angus had a thought sprinting the short distance to catch up with Corey and now Nolan, "I got a cool idea we can do to Mrs. M before we leave here tonight."
"How can we do much with Crandell eyeballing her and us?" Nolan questioned.
"You aren't running plays. Sneak away after we get the Coach's attention and run over to his truck. Set his car alarm off and we'll send him to check it out. Fuck, break his passenger window he's got insurance. Once he's away we head for the back fence and..." Whispered plans in motion moved about the field until some volunteered to hold back to make things look normal if Roman should look over his shoulder. Huddles were a really good place to form a plan. Once Angus and the team ran a very active play in front of Roman, Nolan took off for the school parking lot not that far away.
Eight minutes later a loud wailing noise filtered through the air catching the attention of everyone. Remaining hidden Nolan had no choice but to stay near his shatter fest to avoid being seen. With his tail lights flashing toward the field Roman scowled, "Give me a break." While normally the alarm might cease its resounding siren the window break kept the alarm at full potential. Once he realized it wasn't stopping he told the team to keep running the play for Friday's game.
Roman taking a walk out across the field, Angus nodded to the first wave to head toward Josie. She had heard the siren but hadn't really thought about whose vehicle it might be coming from, nor did she have a clear view of Roman so she just sat there rubbing her pussy to pass the ball...time. Her mind was on the sexiness of sweaty young men in uniform.
Noticing six boys sprinting her direction she sat up straight with flaring eyes, "What's going on here?" She smiled. As the boys reached her Toby Mellon took the lead with Darryl Priest to his right. Antoine Boss to his right and so on. Right up against the fence all six boys dropped their uniform pants and began stroking a nice array of very healthy erections. "Oh, my!" She smiled from ear to ear. Connecting dots she pointed at them evilly, "Is that alarm Roman's?"
"Yup!" Toby was first to move into the chain link fence and stick his pecker through it, "Glory holes slut. Get over here." With that instruction the other five boys stepped forward and slid their own beasts past the fence line and stabbed outwardly toward her.
"Oh this is priceless." Josie laughed and stood up to descend the bleachers and walk in front of them like a Drill Sargent inspecting her troops. Without touching any of them her hand still hovered right below each dick poking through. "Mmmmm! What am I supposed to do with these charming fellows?"
"Suck us off Mrs. M. We dare you." Danny Wendt seemed hopeful.
"Hmmm? How about we wait a bit before I get that intimate." She didn't say no. "Let's build some trust here first. I have a lot to lose."
"You won't lose us." Maynard Smooth chimed in with his stunning young Denzel looks.
"We won't fail you ever Mrs. M, everyone loves your sexy ass." Darryl tried coaxing her with a wag of his big boy. Enticing her she moved up the line to stand in front of him. Eying his gaze first and foremost she took his cock in her hand and stroked it. Siren still an annoyance she felt safe, between that and obvious lookouts like her basket ballers did each time they played with her. Five gentle strokes she playfully batted her eyes at him, then toward each of them, "Momma like."
"We love Momma." Toby chuckled. In response, being so close to Toby by standing in front of Darryl she took one step over and switched hands on Darryl. Left hand returning to Darryl Priest, right hand now softly stroking Toby's beast.
"Fuck yeah!" Toby complimented her as she licked her upper lip seductively.
"I think these can get bigger. Don't you?" She knew they were tight but she adored a certain shade of purple to inspire her that they truly did want her. Toby was there. Danny Wendt was there. Maynard, Darryl, and Antoine hard to tell they being African American, yet they were solid granite most assuredly. "Be right back." She winked. Turning her attentions on Antoine and Maynard next in line she stroked them softly taking time to spit in her palms to help the friction. "Do tell? How long have you all fantasized about me?" She had to know.
Since Freshman year was the consensus. While far too young back then the thought of years of silent worship made her exceptionally wet. Looking between boys toward the others out on the field for confidence she smiled at their early detection methods. Prompted that she was safe Josie moved on to Danny Wendt and Finn Rice. Finn's crown thick and juicy seemed appealing to her. It too purple now she grinned, "If he gets any bigger you might not be able to pull out." They all laughed at her playful teasing.
"Lick him." Finn winked.
"Should I Daniel?" She asked Danny beside him.
"Mine after." He laughed.
"Is it getting hot out here?" She lifted her dress up and over her head hanging it between the links out of her way. In awe of her perfect body every boy there groaned. She even noticed Antoine and Toby had precum droplets over their urethras. Not wanting to waste their determination she paused Danny and Finn to race over and place an index finger each under their trickles and smear its slickness on her fingertips. Beguiling them she sampled Toby's first licking her right index, "Mmmm! Tastes like melon." She didn't want to sound racist, but it was the boys name.
Tongue wagging over her left finger she enjoyed Antoine's, "Tastes like..."
"Chicken." Finn laughed. "Sorry bro, I couldn't resist." Antoine merely busted up.
"Sample all of us Mrs. M." Danny encouraged her.
"You be patient Daniel. Momma McKellen knows what she wants."
"Gangbanged?" Maynard grinned.
"You hush Smoothie." There was her Piper Cherry influence again with the nicknames. One he'd heard a million times before now.
"Ever try one with us?" Toby grew curious.
"Not today. That's something I'll need to mull over."
"Think hard." Finn prompted.
"Oh trust me I'm thinking harder." She returns to face him then kneels to examine the magnificence of that huge crown. Hands rising to lift it she discovers a pair of swollen balls protruding the chain link below his beast of burden. "Ooooo! He's ready to burst." She pokes it with a fingernail to watch his sack jiggle. "For mwah?"
"FUCK YES! I wanna unload on your face."
"Kiss me hard after and taste yourself?" She teased.
"Hell yes I'd do it." The others grimaced hoping she wouldn't expect the same of them. Another man's jizz was one thing, their own jizz? Technically taboo to most guys, a majority rule amongst men it was likely they had never even contemplated the flavor of their own cum. That was bitch cuisine in their minds.
Reaching over to Danny she guided his cock upward to view his own full scrotum. Her eyes dancing at her knowledge of just how bad the boys wanted her was just too tantalizing to her nympho traits. Starting with Finn she tilted her head at an angle under him and sucked on a balls while stroking his cock above her ear. He had to clench the fence to stand under the touch of her tongue and probing lips. "Damn that's what I'm talking about." After five circular motion mouth tugs she slides her tongue up his cock and over his foreskin. At the crown she flicks his urethra and kisses it. Over to Danny she went, pardon the pun Mister Wendt.
Repeating herself she left him needy and quickly made her way down the line. Never once taking any dick into her throat she imagined herself doing it but knew how time consuming it would be. With the siren of Roman's alarm shut off it was possible he would return. As if on cue her cell rang behind her forcing her attention to waver. Pausing them again she stepped back to the bleachers stretching upward to retrieve her phone. Her ass so perfect facing toward them she heard faint whistles. Standing erect with her feet three steps apart she twisted at her torso to put a finger up to her lips to remain quiet and said, "Everything alright Roman?" She had him on the line.
"Some dumb fuck broke out a window on my truck. I'm picking up glass. Just called Carl about the vandalism. That way he can check the cameras for the culprit."
"Should I come...help?" She pivoted to face her roster and crouched back to her knees in front of Antoine and licked his cock swirling her tongue around the head as she talked.
"Naaa! Just hang out, I'll be there in about ten minutes. Gonna run into the school and find a dust pan and something to sweep up. Try and keep it civil."
"Oh, I'm just sitting here watching my boys play."
"Your boys?"
"You know what I meant." She giggled and moved over to Maynard teasing his foreskin with warm wet tongue lashes. They were all biting their tongues to prevent the Coach hearing them. "Take your time I'll just stay here and...play my game. Hurry back Lover." They all knew anyway that the Coach was fucking her. Their turns soon enough.
"DON'T BE STUPID." He raised his voice.
"Should I just go home?" All the boys shook their heads negatively. Roman merely said no. "Don't worry about me Handsome, I'll just play a game on my phone. Billiards maybe." A big stick and balls were laid out on the table right before her eyes anyway, this misfortunate delay in his return her cue. Hanging up she giggled and stood up to whistle at the other boys on the field. Knowing Roman had gone inside the school Nolan returned like lightning. Too bad he never ran that fast on game day. Informing Angus he motioned the entire team to the fence. In no time at all she had another eleven dicks stabbing at her through the fence. Even Angus.
"Oh my God!" She fanned herself at the most amazing sight in her sexual life. "Catching her heartrate she said, "Everyone stays on that side. I'll be there soon." In a hurry she sets her cell back on the bleacher and raced back. From boy to boy right on down the line she stroked each cock minimally, licking their crowns and foreskin, driving them wild. Reaching Angus she notes something tucked into his pants that he had forgotten. Eying it she winced, "Is that...?"
"I swiped it earlier. He took it from me again." Corey next to Angus took the heat of his friends error in judgment.
"Can I...give it back to Dakota tomorrow? Now that I have it back again I'd like to show her it's my way of caring." Angus went emotional.
"Make sure you do." She smirks then points at Corey, "Blue balls for you." She bypassed him completely.
"But I made you cum. No fair."
"No you didn't, I did." Nolan defended himself.
"Fuck!" This just wasn't Corey Samson's day. He was forced to watch Nolan get the best show yet to return the favor. Josie made the decision to take Nolan's entire six inch cock into her throat. Balls deep, her forehead on the fencing. Nolan endured her sucking two minutes then nutted. Holding his cream on her tongue she showed the others while walking up and down the lineup. Once she knelt in front of Corey she decided his fate, he glad that she changed her mind. Swallowing Corey's cock she smeared Nolan's cum all over Corey's boasting monster. He didn't care even when his team razzed him laughing. "Blew balls." Antoine laughed telling Corey what she had just done. In that verse Josie backed off and spit the remainder of Nolan's nut on Corey's scrotum.
Knowing time was crucial she wagged her tongue and stood tall stretching vividly to crack her back. Returning for her dress she discovered it missing and dropped her jaw. "Shit!" Looking around she located it on the other side of the fence. Guys had stepped back and was unloading on her chemise. She hugged the fence watching in amazement as boy after boy finished themselves off on to it or wiped themselves. "Oh Roman is going to blow a gasket if I wear that while with him. I better just call it a day and sneak away." Once a good nine cocks had abused her dress Big Calvin Knobbs found it in his heart to bring her dress to her, lumbering like a goofy pachyderm, then slinking it through the fence until in her possession.
"Sorry Mrs. M." He winced trying not to get cum on his hands. "We love you."
"I can see that." She lifts her dress up in front of her to see a myriad of splattered stains. Shaking her head she just put the dress on and did a fashion show. A lookout prompting the boys back to the field they resumed practice. Angus hanging back stood holding the fence.
"Hate me?"
"Never! Only if you hurt my daughter."
"That's not never." He laughed, "I get it."
"Oh you will. Just not today." She razzed him collecting her cell, shoes, and purse.
"Gonna tell Dakota?"
"Are you out of your mind? Noooo! Are you going to?"
"Secret's safe. I'll make certain nobody rats you out."
"Good! Keep this all between us and I'm certainly open to more. Roman never ever knows. I'm trying to get him to be open minded but he would never be this open. I don't think we'd even be lovers anymore if he knew I did that to his boys."
"We won't bust you two up. No worries. For the record?"
"Hurry up I need to escape Roman before he sees me like this. No hiding what this is on my dress." She hid the fact of her other ballers cum and that of Annette and Kim in the gymnasium. Roman knew and wasn't happy as it was. Going this extra mile would thoroughly piss him off.
"I'm crazy about Dakota. I'm just..."
"A man. I understand. Nympho to nympho? Just don't rush my baby. Let her decide if you're what she truly wants. I'm not so naïve to know that my genes won't rub off on at least her. I have no say anymore she's an adult. You know their birthday's are coming up soon. If you really do care about her...show it then."
"Birthday present?"
"Just not your birthday suit." She winked. "Save that awhile longer Handsome."
"I'll try. No promises. You're really cool Mrs. M."
"I know. My nips are hard as diamonds."
"Saw that." He laughed, "Suck 'em later?"
"When the time is right." She giggled, "Oh, I thought you meant all of the Swallows out there."
"Them too."
"Okay! Going home to fuck my husband. Roman can wait until tomorrow."
"Night Mrs. M."
"Cover me?" She knew Roman was on his way.
"Every time." He patted his erection.
"Promise?" She laughed.
"Swear it on my goldfish's grave."
"That's cute." So was he. She had to offer one last, "Mmmmm Mmmm!"
"I'll call practice over and we can all walk together. We'll surround you if he shows up."
"Circle jerk?"
"Circle of jerks. Come on around I'll go warn the guys." He points for her to start walking. Not seeing Roman she just started walking across the grass alone. Challenging herself to go it alone without the boys was liberating in her cum soaked condition. Refusing to look back she made it half way before hearing a herd of buffalo...bullshitters at least, run up on her. Calvin Knobbs plucked her up like she weighed nothing and hoisted her up over his shoulders squealing. Seating her atop the elephant he held her legs to keep her in the seat. He could feel her pussy wet and warm on the back of his neck.
"So this is what it's like to be on the winning team." She laughed.
"Trophy Mom!" Finn Rice chimed in.
Maynard Smoothe added, "We'll keep you shiny."
Running with her she had to hold on tighter to Calvin, laying her tits on top of his head and wrapping her arms over his brow. Behind them boys watched her ass as her dress flipped high in the ride. So awesome.
Reaching the parking lot half the boys broke away and headed inside the school to run a block against Roman. Giving the others enough time to carry Josie to her SUV a mere four parking spots from Roman's truck. Seeing the broken window she felt bad. Nolan offered his apology. "No choice. We'll all pitch in with Angus to replace it if his insurance doesn't cover it."
"So...you guys...broke it just to spend time with me?"
"We do what it takes." Corey chuckled.
"You do know there's cameras out here right?" Calvin sits her on her car hood as she points them out. "Which means Carl just saw this valet parking incident. I'll call Carl and cover for you guys, and myself."
"You fuck Manley too?" Antoine winced.
"Oh no! He and I just...get along."
She slid from her car hood and unlocked her vehicle. Hopping in she started up quickly and sat texting as the boys patted her car with goodbyes and trust. Roman having finally retrieved a broom and dustpan got her text and took a moment to read it.
"Boys called the practice. I'm going home Sweetie. Henry asked if I were on my way." She lied but had no desire for him to suspect the worst. Her next thought was even harder. "How do I get past Henry and the girls wearing..." She pinched her white stained chemise looking over all their cum shots, "...them?"
She would worry about any questions when she got home. A stop at a Goodwill store on the way resolved her predicament. New old jeans and a t-shirt did the trick, even if she reeked and got stares at what she wore into the establishment. Discovering some interesting butt zipper jeans, two pair even, she purchased those as well. Using cash to pay for her saviors she left the register smiling. With change laying in her palm she smiled.
"I got a quarter back."
Sneaky bitch.