"Deborah seems nice. I'm glad you asked her out. I can't wait to meet her daughter Coochie."
"Stop getting ahead of yourself. Just because the waitress and I flirted doesn't mean we're going to be anything serious enough to bring her family into it. Besides that's all I need is two eighteen year old's that act fifteen."
"You should Daddy. Like you said I can't be your girlfriend, and daughter both. I think we're getting past that part don't you? I mean I can't be your lover forever even if we both like the sex."
"STOP! Three weeks ago you wanted nothing more than to be in a relationship style thing with me. We both know that's impossible outside of occasional playing around."
"Almost every day Daddy." She reminded him.
"As long as we agree on it I'm good, but long term shouldn't even be a thing."
"Right! I'm good with now and then Daddy. Personally I can't get enough of you, but you're so right." She hugs him from behind as he sits at his computer. "I understand though. Besides I have lots of sex partners these days. Tender is good to me. So are all your friends."
"The friends need to stop tapping your ass. This is getting out of hand."
"Nooooo! I like Greg's big dick. Uncle Mike and Uncle Andy haven't even had me again. They deserve some."
"Fuck it! Do what you want. You're old enough to make your own decisions."
"You can still tell me what to do. I like pleasing you Daddy. Just don't take away people I like teasing and seducing. You created this Mister."
"Monster more than Mister." He chuckles.
"So can I keep playing with Mister Frank? I likey money."
"We'll see. I told him to call and request time as it fits his schedule and his pocket. He made good offers but you can't tell me he's that rich."
"You haven't seen where he lives. I think he's more than just a Cocktologist. He's a plastic surgeon."
"He doesn't look the type to be into anything illegal. I'd say he's invested money well. Stock market kind of stuff."
"Besides, his nephew is squirrely cute." She giggles.
"Robin was it? Wait! I knew that. For the fiftieth time hearing his name."
"Yesss! He snuck in and masturbated..."
"How many times this week are you going to tell me this story? For crying out loud, I get it. Kid crush."
"He's eighteen like me. Shy like me."
"You're not shy anymore."
"I can be. even when I'm not I like acting like I am. It gives guys a really big hard on."
"Everything about you cries BOING!" He over dramatizes his emphasis of her well played seductiveness, hands fluttering in the air.
"You're so silly Daddy. Can I take Robin's virginity?"
"Truth and you know it. Hold up! What? Take his virginity? You're going to risk your job being Frank's play toy by fucking his nephew? Are you out of your mind?" Shaking off the thought he changes the subject, "So how's school been? We haven't talked much the last three days."
"Nothing special." She turns away gritting her teeth. She couldn't tell him of Brett's scheming which led her to being gangbanged in school. Nor, risk her Economics Teachers job for fucking her after the gangbang, in his classroom. Her Dad would blow up at her. Best to zip it. Unlike her butt zipper jeans, those stayed unzipped.
"One more week. Your Mom texted me saying your Graduation gown came in the mail. You need to go over and try it on."
"I don't want to go to Mommy's." She pouts envisioning her Mother's ruthless, sleazebag boyfriend Mark Rapier. He was trying to blackmail Paige like so many others in her life. Most she wanted. Him no way.
"Well I'm making you today or no Medieval Times."
"Noooo! I want to meet Todd. He sent me a message saying his Larper group was getting together out in the woods for a battle. He said if we hit it off I was invited."
"I'm just now hearing about this?"
"About the Larper invite yes. He asked me yesterday. I just forgot to mention it."
"How many other guys are you forgetting to mention?"
She pouts rubbing her toes in the carpet with a lowered gaze. "Lots!"
"Unbelievable. How can I protect you if you don't tell me everything?"
"Because you have Deborah now. I don't want to take up all of your spare time."
"I'll make time. What haven't you told me?"
"The guys from the bus want me to meet them tomorrow for a long bus ride."
"Medieval Times? You expect to do both in one day?"
"Yesss! We can take the bus to Medieval Times. I googled the routes and how many times we switch buses."
"Oh, so I'm riding along when you're getting groped by the college guys." He puckers considering how fun that might be to witness. "I guess we could do that."
"Yay!" She pats her palms together rapidly. "You can use your cell to record me getting felt up."
"What about that scarf costume you made for this Todd guy?"
"It's not done quite. I plan on finishing it while you go on your date tonight. It will give me something to do."
"Speaking of...I don't want to leave you alone. Too many crazies know about you from Tender. They can track you here."
"Please don't tell me you invited Mommy to stay with me."
"Are you kidding me? Hell no! I don't want Paula even knowing I'm dating. Let alone a black woman. She's just a tad racist, thanks to her Skinhead boyfriend. Why do you think he lives in Skokie?"
"I never thought of that. So who is staying with me? Gerry from next door?"
"No." Lonnie chuckles. "I invited Greg over."
"REALLY?" She bounces around with excitement.
"And Joshy."
"OH MY GOD!"
"And, Bryan."
"NOOOOOOO! OH MY GOD! I LOVE YOU SO FREAKING MUCH."
"So much for your scarf project." He laughs.
"I'll wear what I have done. Might need a girdle."
"Saran wrap around the waist thirty times would do the job."
"Oooo! That stuffs see through. Me likey. You so smart Daddy."
"Tacky but we're on a budget."
"No fair! I just made $5,000 dollars."
"Toward your Graduation gift. Shush, or I'll call the guys back and say you have the measles."
"You're such a meanie weinie." She pouts then realizes he said Graduation gift. "What are you getting me?"
"A nice shiny chastity belt."
"Oh, I'll pick that luck Buddy." She pelts his shoulder goofily.
"Nothing would surprise me. So who else have you talked to and made plans with?"
"My calendar is getting full. Mister Frank said he has my play room painted. With a big canopy bed being delivered on Monday. Did I tell you he's building me..."
"YES! Enough about Frank and Robin. I'll allow you over once I talk to him again. Fill me in on the newer guys."
"The shoe store guys want to take me shopping for a Graduation gift. Can I go after I get my diploma?"
"Yes. Newer I said."
"Well...there's the Magician who dresses up like a Clown. He said he wants to meet me at his brother Ronald's."
"Ronald McDonald?" He laughs. "Sounds creepy."
"He was joking. His name is Byron. He's really cute when he's not wearing make-up. Am I wierd thinking that sex with a clown sounds hot?"
"Hopeless! That visual just ruined my evening."
"Nooooo! Go have fun Daddy. You need a night away from work and being here with me."
"Oh, I'm not canceling. I fully intend to tip the waitress."
"She likes my Daddy. I can tell."
"We'll see. You have ten minutes to fill me in on more guys."
"Okay. There's the guy from the Pet Store."
"NO DOGS!"
"He's not a dog."
"You know what I mean. No bringing home a puppy."
"Oh! I thought you meant I might try..."
"ABSOLUTELY NOT!"
"Ewww! No way." She shivers at the thought of bestiality.
"Anyone else?"
"Actually, there is one guy I feel really bad for. I was thinking of going on a sympathy date."
"Huh? What's wrong with him?"
"He's in a wheelchair. He's a War Veteran. No legs. Nice looking though. He's got muscals." She poses flexing her biceps. "His name is Oscar."
"Wow! Strangely, I'm proud of you for not being opposed to handicaps. That deserves a hug." They share a moment. His hands could never not squeeze her bare ass. She adored it.
"There are more. I can tell you tomorrow. You need to get ready for your date."
"Yeah, I better get showered. Go work on your body scarf while you can."
"Okay Daddy." A swift kiss to his cheek she darted to her bedroom.
As he stood up he hears a text ping on his cell. It was from the Old guy at the mall. The Photographer. "Hey It's Micky. You still interested in having Graduation pics done for your daughter? I have a three hour window on Sunday. 2-5PM. Let me know I'll reserve her."
Shrugging he thought it might be a nice surprise. Texting back Lonnie types, "Sounds good. Shoot me an address we'll be there."
"Great! I live in the country." He reveals a lengthy address. "Tell her to bring a few different outfits. We can have some variety."
"I'll be sure to pack her furs." Lonnie chuckles. "She's on a costume kick. Going to Medieval Times tomorrow. She's wearing a body scarf. LOL."
"You do realize Medieval Princesses offer their scarves to a jousting Knight for good luck, right?"
"Aw hell! I guess she might be sitting naked with a turkey leg in her lap. LOL!"
"HA! See you Sunday. Have fun fending off the Royal Guard."
"Thanks Micky."
"No problemo."
Ending the chat Lonnie hits the shower. After a healthy scrub down, and prepping his attire he settles for a dark grey button down shirt he would leave untucked, and black jeans. Dress shoes of black which he spit shined in a flash. Nothing too fancy. Groomed to perfection, he splashes on the best cologne he had available.
Stepping from his bedroom he enters Paige's. She was sitting on her own bed , needle and thread in hand with a bundle of white scarf like material. Looking up at Lonnie her eyes pop out. "You look very handsome Daddy."
"Thanks Punk." He eyes her stitching. Not a straight line in the bunch. Nice try. "Pretty much transparent Kiddo." He pinches the cloth for a closer inspection.
"I'm Queen Thinavere." She giggles, reaching up for a hug goodbye. He leans in to embrace her when he feels a prick on his neck.
"Careful! Watch that needle. You nearly lanced my neckline."
"LANCE ALOT!" She attempts a deep masculine voice.
"Nice try Anna Faris. You've been watching MOM too much."
"She reminds me of me when I grow up."
"Ummm! You're already done growing." He laughs. "I'm going. The guys should be here shortly after dark. If you...condoms. Enforce it."
"I wasn't planning on sex with them. I was going to have them help me sew up my outfit."
"BULLSHIT!" He rolls his eyes.
"You never believe me." She pouts with a shrill whine.
"Not stupid." He taps his temple. "Clean up after yourself. I know how messy you get."
"GO! I order thee to Go." She points.
"Later Queenie."
Lon got into his car and headed out. He was meeting Deb for drinks, being late was not an option. First, well second impressions meant everything to the man.
The second he pulled away Paige ditched her project and ran to her Dad's closet in search of what she called her lucky tank top. The zero sided tank her Father had her wear on Game night weeks ago. She knew it was sexy, and wanted to be appealing, without just answering the door naked.
Perfume coating every inch of her body, including her ass crack and between her toes, she slipped the shirt over her head and sat back down on her bed. Stitching another length of fabric, it seemed like forever before she heard a motorcycle roar up in the driveway. Excitably she jumps up squealing. A look at herself in the mirror, she decided no more pigtails. Tonight, she wanted to be all woman. Ties removed she quickly brushes out her hair. Grimacing at not doing this sooner she was forced to have a few ratty spots. With a smirk she opts for one last removal. Her large framed glasses were put to rest on her dresser. Eyes slightly blurry she foregoes applying contacts and skips along to the living room. Reaching the front door Greg had already opened it.
"You here Youngun'?"
"Right here." She hops up and down in step, fingers clamped together as if praying, held up to her chin. "Hi!"
"Hey there Princess. How ya been?"
"HUGS! I DEMAND HUGS." Her arms flew up toward the burly giant. As he always does Greg lifts her up by her waist and pulls her in for a crushing hug. Mighty arms around her waist. Slender arms about his neck. After a tender moment, she uses her palms to push her upper body outward, right hand moving in to caress his long beard. "Bushy wushy." He had to chuckle at her expression. Lips puckered as she explores his beard. After thirty seconds her mouth storms his. They stood there in the doorway making out for all to see.
As a big white truck pulls up on the curb she looks out over Greg's shoulder. Greg begins to let her down when she whimpers. "Carry me." He holds on to her turning in step to see Prince Bryan stepping into the night light. As Greg carries her out into the yard to meet him her arms stretch for the Farmboy. Passing her off without setting her down Bryan chuckles.
"Upsy Daisy!"
"Higher!" She goofs off hugging him. He lifts her chest up over his head as she snatches his ballcap putting it on backwards. She leans lower and kisses Bryan as well. Greg stood back admiring her ass cheeks peeking from beneath the tank.
"I remember this rag." Greg huffs, reaching out to tug the hemline. He then proceeds to pinch her ass, making her squirm in Bryan's clutches. He kept her aloft looking up at her chest. She uses her free hand to snatch up the sides of her shirt pulling them between her tits. He then devoured a nipple. All she could do was giggle between both men's tortures.
Car lights arriving another pickup truck parks across the street. Out climbs the bodybuilder colossus Joshua. Even as Bryan feasted upon her right nipple Paige waves at the oncoming Rhino. "Josssssshy! Save me!"
Faking a charge he runs toward the two other men. Bryan getting a face full of shirt suddenly turns releasing her dampened nipple. Chuckling Bryan hurls her unexpectedly at Josh. Screaming in flight Josh snatches her out of the air and lifts her even higher to sit on his left shoulder as if a parrot.
"There's my future sex slave."
"Me miss you Joshy." She leans down hugging his scalp. Her weight nothing to him he swings her down in front of him then back up to his other shoulder. She couldn't stop laughing as Bryan's hat fell from her hair. He picked it up off the ground and put it back upon his own head.
"How's my Cutiepie?"
"HORNY! I NEED DICK." She blurts out loud enough for neighbors to hear her. " I want you all to be real meanies to me."
"Want it rough, eh?" Josh grunts. "What say you fellas?"
After a brief introduction between Greg and Bryan they became buds instantly. Agreeing on two things. Giving her what she wanted...and that fucking tank top needed to go. Tilting her over by her spine with mighty hands under her tank, Greg steps in and tugs that eyesore from her body. She was naked outside. She loved it. In their playfulness Josh lifted her way over his head and sat her down on his mouth. Tongue digging into her pussy deep. She gasps and remembers him doing this stunt in her living room. With no ceiling to touch this time she reached for the stars.
Uncaring of being caught the trio of studs stood their ground. technically Lonnie's ground but that was a moot point. Her squeals of his wagging tongue made her moan louder than ever before. Not just because it felt awesome, but because she wanted the world to know her happiness.
As a set of car lights draw near Paige sees a familiar Pizza sign mounted on top of it. Brett Chenowyth was making a delivery down the block. Once paid Brett was forced to drive by. Looking over at her house his eyes bulge. A cell snapped a pic before the guys could yell at him. Paige waved for the photo. In her thoughts she said, "I'm a poster child." She knew that picture would how up for the school to see.
Feeling a finger teasing her anal pucker she tenses up.
"Lower her some. I'll lick that asshole while you gnaw that fucking pussy." Greg chuckled. Kneeling slowly Greg bent over and pried her cheeks apart. As awkward as it was both men tongued her holes. She yelped and praised their attentions like a hungry child searching for a morsel. In her succulent cries Bryan chose to shut her up by placing fingers between her lips. She sucked on two fingers as if it were a dick. Fucking amazing. Another drive by by Brett captured video this time. He had turned his headlights off to avoid detection. The guys didn't truly care. Of course, this time Paige had no clue he was there recording them.
Regretting his clock Brett drove onward to make his next delivery. He had enough good stuff to share already. A call to others offering up her address might get more footage. All he knew was he needed to prove he wasn't a quick shot artist like earlier in the week. His desire for Paige forcing him to cum in her within three minutes. Not fair! He would get a rematch.
Twelve miles away...
Lonnie took a seat at the seedy tavern that Deb requested. Nothing fancy, nothing trouble. A small Blues bar that was frequented by everybody that loved the Rhythm. Sax players on a small stage proving they were possessed by long gone greats. Ordering a beer he enjoys their story. Fifteen minutes slip away when he feels a warm hand slide across his back up into the hair along his neck. Turning he discovers magic.
"Waiting for someone?" Deborah Johnson smiled with her eyes. Her hair long with extensions that offered her an even more stunning allure. A sequined white dress so high up on her thighs, that one wrong move the band might stop playing.
"Only the hottest waitress in the City."
"Oh! Would that be me?" She smirks.
"FUCK YES!" He dares to plant a kiss on her ruby red lips. She accepted without hesitation. Her bulging cleavage rising and falling with every share lash of their tongues. The bartender, a burly black man resembling the Uncles in Fresh Prince of Bel-Aire grunted.
"Get a back seat." He chuckles tapping the bar with a finger. It took a few extra taps to break the couple up.
"You just give me a margarita Wayne. Get this Diva drunk."
"You know the bartender?" Lon cocks a brow.
"Went to school together back in the day. Jealous?"
"Of every guy alive." He chuckles.
"Good! You should be. Show me how bad you want this." She shimmers her fingers over every curve on her near perfect body. A little booty action as she turned made her giggle. Lonnie knew he was in trouble.
"Have a seat." He motions to a barstool next to him.
"You have a seat." She takes his hands and wraps them around her hips to squeeze her ass.
"Comfy." He puckers.
"Soft but tight. Like every inch of this yummy stuff." She busts up laughing then pats his chest, "You buying into my hoochie momma vibe?" Settling down she takes her seat, dangling her clutch purse to rest on the bar. Wayne, returning with her margarita sets a napkin down with her drink.
"Running a tab Boom Boom?" Wayne snickers.
"Boom Boom?" Lon looks to the bartender for clarity.
"Deb can tell ya."
"No Wayne, you just fill the man in. Tell him the gory details of my being 400 pounds and looking for dessert. Always passed by you though." She flutters fingers with a scowl.
"She was never 400 pounds. I won't even attempt to guess her weight, she might jump over this bar and whoop my ass."
Chuckling Lonnie lifts his hands, "So why Boom Boom?"
"You'll find out when I ride that big ole' cock of yours later."
"Say what?" He couldn't stop grinning.
"She blew up our Science lab our junior year. Acid in water, not the other way around."
"Just how you make your drinks Wayne. For the record that big lug saved this hot body."
"It's true. Scars on my back jumping in front of her. I can prove it."
"Naw! I believe you. Thanks for saving Diva here."
"You gonna be my hero too Lonnie Turner?" She sips her drink, winking over her margarita glass.
"I guess time will tell."
As the band finishes their song, a softer Duke Ellington tune draws the audience toward the dance floor. Smiling at the dancers, Lonnie could sense her desire to join them.
"Care to dance Diva?"
"Absolutely Mister Turner." She stands up running her fingers over her skirt smoothing it out. Eying Wayne she points at him. "Don't you micky my drink Wayne. I can pass out on my own."
The bartender nods, "I'll keep an eye on your stuff."
"That stuff. Not this stuff." She points to her purse, before a direct point at her booty. She knew Wayne would drool anyways. He was a good friend.
"You're something." He takes her hand escorting her to a free spot on the dance floor. Pulling her close her chest bunches up against his. He couldn't resist looking down at her bulging melon collies.
"So are you Lonnie Turner." Her eyes sparkled.
"I'm happy you decided to meet me tonight. To be honest after that craziness at IHOP, I figured you might run like hell."
"We really should discuss that sometime. No hurry. " She winks, "That's your business Big Daddy."
"My kid..." She kisses him before he could finish his sentence.
"This is our time Daddy."
"You're right. Those lips of yours are juicy."
"Oh, you haven't tasted the juicy ones yet."
"Can't wait."
He glances around them at the couples on the floor. Wincing at his reaction she feels his hands lower to both of her hips. With flaring eyes she concluded that he was checking for panties.
"Missing in action." She licks her lips.
"Be right back." He slyly crouches as her hands hover above him. Marveling at his boldness, he lifts her skirt in front and buries his face into her gently hairy puss. Kissing her labia with a single lick up over her clit she nearly falls back in her heels. As fast as he offered her some Homance he rose to reclaim his dance partner.
"My! My! You lick divinely."
"Shock you?"
"Only if you dip me."
Laughing with restraint, he dares to dip her backwards. Swooning her yanks her back up to another awaiting kiss. Fanning herself as they make out the song ends. As everyone leaves the floor, they find themselves alone. With an intimate glare she pats his chest. He parts lips deciding that yep the song was over. A faster song led them back to the bar.
Taking their seats, they enjoy each others eyes over their thirst. Sucking on her straw, she strokes it lightly for effect. Licking the hole of his beer bottle he frowns, "Looks bad don't it?"
"Only if that bottle neck is bigger than you are."
"Right! Not even close." Changing the subject he senses Wayne return.
"Another round?"
"Of course." She winks at Lonnie without so much as a glance toward Wayne. As Lon stares at her he polishes his beer off. As he starts to sit the bottle down she wags a finger at him. Hesitating he notes her legs parting, giving his a dimly lit view of his kissing bandit. She doesn't even flinch to see if others are watching. reaching over to tap his bottles neck she tilts her chin, eyes never leaving his.
"Seriously?" He smirks. Unlike her he glances about until she snaps her fingers.
"Nobody is here but us Big Daddy."
Swallowing dryly he lowers his beer bottle toward her pussy, "You sure?"
"Be glad that beer wasn't a draft."
"Whew!" He lines his bottle neck up with her pussy and gently guides it inside her. Her lips howling silently at his penetration she pouts her lips. Focusing he moves the neck in and out five times. Her eyes fluttering, but dedicated, he notes her nipples shred her dress between sequins.
"Like that Big Daddy?"
"Should be my cock."
"Yes it should." She reaches down and guides it out, the neck soaked in her juices. Nudging his hand upward she leads the neck to his lips. Without being told Lonnie licks the neck of the bottle. "That's the way, Big Daddy."
"Christ you taste good."
"Nothing better than freaky foreplay."
As Wayne returns with fresh drinks they settle down. For the next hour they merely learned about each other. Nothing was sacred. Three drinks later they were all over each other again. Her skirt riding high revealing a shiny bare bottom. She didn't even try to hide her cheeks. Bottoms up.
An hour prior, Paige and the Spartans were still waging war. Deciding their uplifting game was fascinating they hadn't let her feet or hands touch the grass since they started her airborne adventure.
Each Gent helping the other contort her into various positions, ranging from two men holding her lower half with one hand each, while their other hand held her legs wide. Bryan now fucking her and massaging her clit vigorously Paige was howling.
Even in the dim glow of the front porch light they could enjoy her sensual beauty. Bryan amazed at his beast, even with a condom on glowed as it spread her cunt lips wide. In and out, in and out. Her soft vocal pleading making her all the more desirable. Hearing her childlike tone beg, "Fuck me Prince Bryan." the Farm boy recalled his Disney Princess out by the lake. Riding his horse while she rode him. Nothing better than a good blue blooded piece of ass.
Shifting positions Greg managed to dangle her upper body down to insert his cock into her mouth. Softly fucking her throat. Her blazing red hair hanging toward the grass. Even it couldn't quite touch the ground. Supporting her entire mid section Josh allowed himself to kiss her chest. Paige turner was in heaven. No seven minutes like the party game.
Going unnoticed some peeping toms had snuck up on foot, hiding in the neighbors bushes. Brett's buddies Aaron and Cody had quietly crept in to video the outdoor foursome. In awe they captured every contorted position the bruisers put Paige in. Even when Bryan nutted in her pussy, he moved away letting Greg take his spot. Rolling her over in mid air Greg stabbed his crown deep and hard. She cried out "OWWWW! Then, don't stop in the same breath. Greg was a mighty warrior. Bigger than even Josh. Her pussy lips were stretched at their maximum circumference. He held her hands behind her back as Bryan knelt under her to support her flight. Josh holding her hair up in a ponytail as she sucked his beast. Even her mouth couldn't stretch any wider. The evening air show was simply magnificent. Breasts swaying from side to side, back and forth. The boys really wished they could join in. Their time would come again after Graduation. She had promised them all. It was clearly evident that she was a woman of her word.
Forty five minutes into their recording session, Aaron and Cody find a older gentleman tapping their shoulders with a ball bat. With a gruff, "Get out of my yard." The two ran like a bear was chasing them. Hearing his bellow the guys looked over. Greg, a ball of sweat smirked.
"Evening Gerry." A mumble from Paige he adds, "Paige says hi Mister Benson."
"You people are bonkers." Gerry Benson headed back inside to watch TV. He knew the game. Poor girl. Poor Gerry.
Back at the bar called BLUES CUES...
After seven drinks Lonnie and Deborah were outside the bar in her Van. Both naked with her side door wide open for air. She rode him like a Pony Express rider a day late for delivery. Her butt cheeks twerking hard with each gyration. Lonnie laying back palming her 38's. She was possessed in her mission. Cumming hard on his cock twice already she didn't seem to run out of steam. Lonnie wasn't getting the opportunity to even be in control.
Finally, as Lonnie detonates inside the ebony Goddess he hears her cell ringing. Without a lag in her rhythm she reaches to her right and grabs her purse. Cell plucked out she answers her caller.
"Best be important Coochie." She puts her on Face Time.
"When you coming home Mommy?"
Lonnie's eyes bulged as his thoughts wandered, "Holy fuck. She sounds just like Paige."
"When Mommy's date is over. Why are you still up?"
"It's only 12:30. No school tomorrow."
"Little busy Sweetheart."
"Are you having sex?"
"Why yes I am. Is that any of your concern?"
"Is he cute Mommy?"
"Ain't bad." She grins at Lonnie. "See?" Deb shows her daughter Lonnie's face. He bulges his eyes and waves at the thin young lady, a spitting image of her Mother, same hair extensions.
"You're fucking a White Guy?" He hears Coochie giggle.
"I already broke that to you Coochie. You be nice. He treats your Momma good."
"Hi White Guy." She vividly waves back at him. "You're right Mommy. He does look like Michael Keaton. Sorry, Mister Turner, I'm only fucking with you." The girl shocks him with a wagging tongue teasing Lonnie. That was followed by lowering her cell screen to show off her braless titties. Eyes wide, Lonnie snarls.
"THAT'S IT!" He nudges Deborah back, her slick pussy escaping his girth. He twists her into laying back with her legs dangling out the van door. Lonnie crawling out to stand nude in the parking lot leans in to replenish Deb's pussy with his cock. "My turn MOMMY."
"Sweet Lord in Heaven. Fuck that pussy Big Daddy." She forgets Coochie is watching. Lost in her drunkenness and his ferocious pounding. He snatches up her cell and sees Coochie's interest in his savagery.
"Your Mom's a little busy right now."
"That's okay. I can talk to you." Coochie sucks on her index finger taunting him.
"Your Mom says you're the same age as my daughter. Week or so younger."
"I still feel seventeen." She bats her eyes at him.
"My kid says that too."
"FUCK ME BIG DADDY!" Deb loses her sanity.
"Wow! You must be really good in bed. In our van at least." Coochie giggles. "I've never heard my Mommy scream like she is right now."
Coochie lowers her camera toward her panties, dipping fingers beneath it to finger herself.
Lonnie was harder than ever, between a daughters teasing and a gorgeous Mother's sweet reality, Lonnie became a beast.
"You like that Mommy?" Lon rams harder, his available finger massaging Deb's clit.
"YES BIG DADDY. Coochie go to bed." She exhales moaning loudly.
"I can't sleep Mommy. I'm bored here all alone." Coochie guides her panties lower to reveal a silky smooth snatch. Lon couldn't believe this was happening. Did Deb know her daughter was doing this? Was she testing him? To see if he had more interest in Coochie than her? Slightly true. Mostly not.
"Gotta go Kid. Hope to meet you soon." Cell shut off Lonnie destroyed Deborah. People leaving the bar drunk were laughing and whistling at their performance. Lonnie gave them what they wanted. Deb screaming orgasm after orgasm. In their final throes Lonnie pulls out in the Knick of time and ravages his cock to a devastating down pour.
The flow of his jizz enough to paint her pussy white. Deborah convulsed all along her van floor. Thank God, she had taken the middle seats out to give them room before tonight.
Staggering back he looks across the street in his liquored up state. Eyes finally focusing he mutters, "Huh!" A 24 hour adult bookstore was directly across the street. Patting Deb's foot he gets her attention. Sitting up in the doorway she finally stands and teeters into his embrace. Hand on her ass he huffs. "We should go over there."
"Buying Mommy a toy?"
"Nope. Buying my little girl something."
"Freak!" She grins kissing his chest.
"Alright I have to ask. Did you get more turned on with your daughter watching us have sex?"
"Didn't you?" She nips his pec with her teeth.
"Fuck it. I'm too drunk to deny anything. Your kid was teasing me while I was fucking you."
"I figured as much. We have a very open communication concerning sex. As long as I know my baby is safe I'm cool with her antics."
"She's done this to your past men?"
"Not really. She was too young with my last few boyfriends."
"Your kid is pretty hot. Nothing compared to her Mom though."
"You better think that Big Daddy." She kisses him hard toppling him to the side of the opened van door. They roamed each other's flesh as neon lights caressed the area. Finally, he coaxes her to get dressed and take a walk with him.
Hearing his own cell Lonnie eyes it. An unknown text led him to stop with Deb on the corner waiting on traffic. She hugged his shoulder as he winces at the number. Opening the text he sees a video.
"What the hell?"
As the video played he saw only a sweet young pussy, with a youthful hand, ramming a vibrator into it. Succulent moans echoed through the air. "Thank you for fucking my Mommy so good." That was it. Quick and simple.
"That was your daughter. How did she get my number?"
"She must have been snooping into my cell. Sorry Big Daddy." Deb pouts.
He narrows his eyes at her before kissing her on the forehead. "I'm not deleting that."
"As long as you play any videos I send you, I'm fine with that." She giggles.
Laughing together Lonnie led her across the street. He had some shopping to do.
Once more at the Turner household...
Josh carried a messy young girl in his arms, her arms circling his neck, legs his torso. She had been exhausted by the mighty three amigos. Taking her indoors Greg drew her a bath. Bryan bathed her, and Josh dried her off. Again carrying her to her bed they lay her down. Stroking her velvety hair she fell fast asleep.
Ten minutes later Lonnie came home barely able to walk under intoxication. Walking through the house he looks in on Paige and her bodyguards.
"What are you fuckers doing?"
Josh looks up from her pieced together damsel dress. He was sewing it. "Don't judge."
Greg and Bryan snickered at the bodybuilder. Bryan was wearing her Hello Kitty slippers. Greg a Princess tiara. Shaking his head, Lonnie tossed a bag into the room with a drunken stare. Without a word he went to bed.
The guys snooping inside the bag found a Medieval looking girdle inside. They crashed on her floor.
Job well done.