Astrid was still turned on by the thrill of flashing herself at the airport, then exposing her nudity to the horny man at the hotel pool and seducing the guy in the next room. This was going to be a wild vacation!
Back in her room later she took a long warm shower, soaping herself all over, relishing the feeling of her warm soft fingers as they gently rubbed between the legs, imagining for a moment they belonged to the mature guy from the pool -- or anyone. Soon she would let someone take her, that she had decided. Her hard little body was aching to be taken and she knew she would start showing it off again at any opportunity.
She dried herself with the soft towel then put on a skimpy white sun-dress and lay on her bed, wondering whether she would dare go out to the beach at midnight to meet the man from the pool, whether she could wait until then, or better to 'help herself' now. She lay for a while, playing with her hair and caressing herself. She wished her best friend Amanda had come with her. But no, she would find plenty to turn her on without her sex-mad buddy. She had an hour before she was supposed to join her parents at the poolside bar for the rest of the evening. Just time for a quick bit of self-service, she thought.
At the centre of the ceiling above her bed was a light fitting; she imagined it had a hidden camera and that all the security guys were watching her. Time to put on a show! She stretched out her legs, keeping them closed together. Her skimpy dress had ridden up to her bikini line so her naked pussy was completely exposed. She looked up and grinned, imagined them watching, looking down at the slim young body, the beautiful shaven slit between the smooth pussy lips. She rubbed her small breasts through the scant material, making her nipples go hard. Then she unhooked the thin straps from her shoulders, pulling it down to bare her breasts. She caressed them lovingly, eyes closed, fingertips pressing the nipples until they were pointing up.
Now she could feel the wetness below. Time to put those fingers to better use! She licked the fingers of her right hand and slowly edged it down between her legs. Stretching out the middle finger she placed the hand onto her mound. Almost immediately the pussy lips spread and she opened her legs a little. One finger slipped inside, just for an instant into her wetness, then she traced it upwards to her swelling clit. Lightly she fingered herself: slow, expert, flicking gently side to side, feeling juices surging inside her. She moaned as the pressure grew, the first wave deep inside, swelling with the flow of blood to her core. Again she imagined all the guys watching, wanting to turn them on.
Then she pushed two fingers inside her, feeling the juices oozing out, using her thumb to rub her clit again -- hard, soft, fast, slow -- until she could not hold back any more, and with a louder moan and arching her back she let herself go and felt the orgasmic wave run through her. With one last thrust and flick the fingers brought her to a hard climax and she squirted her warm honey juices out all over the sheets. She sighed, pulled off the dress and lay back, naked. She looked up at the light fitting, grinned, then lay her arms at her sides, as if in surrender, her young body fully offered up, its proud young pussy oozing juices and wanting more. She wished all the guys watching could come and join her now, to fill her and cover her with cum.
She heard a noise at the window. Looking over, she saw a young man's face at the glass. Must be the guy from the next room, having climbed over the balcony railing. Had he been watching? She saw him grin and knew he had seen that she had caught him out watching her, but he didn't retreat and she didn't move. Instead she sat up and quickly pulled the sheet up to cover her lower body, then lifted her arm to beckon him in. He looked unsure, but she indicated with one finger for him to come in. So he slid open the balcony door and walked in. He was older than her, she guessed, but not much -- a student perhaps. Still, she wanted to see what fun she could have with him, even if she sent him away with nothing more than a cheap thrill.
He was bare-chested, wearing tight shorts and apparently nothing else -- she could see the bulge of his young cock. Temporarily sated, she didn't want that inside her now, but she wanted to see it anyway. She picked up her phone and readied it to take a photo. 'If you want me, show me what you've got.' He grinned. She knew that could have backfired: she could have scared him off; but it seemed to turn him on. She pointed the phone and nodded her head. He stepped closer and reached down to the waistband. She started taking a rapid series of pictures as he began to pull down his shorts, imagining giving Amanda the series later, perhaps -- proof that she already snared a guy on the first day. As he pulled down the pants she saw the tip of his cock appear, then more, then more -- he was fully shaven around the area, as most young guys seemed to be. Suddenly the whole cock sprang free and fell out forwards, as if pointing at her. It wasn't very long but she knew she could make it bigger. She had decided what to do with it and reached out to pull him down on the bed. She took another photo, then a few more with her hand around it, her fingers stroking it, fingertips stroking the pre-cum from the hole then licking her finger.
'Take some pics of me,' Astrid commanded. He clumsily took the phone, then pointed it at her face. But she had moved. She leaned down over him and placed her face just above his groin. She looked up and grinned, seeing him touch the phone screen to take some more. Amanda had said she wanted 'proof': this would be it. She licked the tip of the fast-hardening dick, briefly taking its tip inside her lips. But she felt it quiver immediately. Oh no you don't, she thought, you're not splurging in my mouth that quickly! She moved away and told him to put the phone down and lie flat.
As he lay, he reached over to her breasts, gently stroking them. Next she positioned herself next to his supine body and played with his cock as it gently throbbed. She reached down to her wet pussy, wiped her hand inside until it was soaked with her juices, then wrapped it around the stem of the hardness and began lubricating it. She knew it wouldn't take much to make him come, but she had had enough of him for now, so she stroked him up and down, harder and faster, then slowly caressing the smooth tip with her fingertips, feeling the thing going out of control. Just a few more strokes, she sensed. He moaned and she increased the pace, squeezing and rubbing up and down, sensing him tremble until -- yes! -- she did it: the firm young cock twitched and throbbed once more and the first spurt of white juice shot out; then another, higher. She pulled again. More cum squirted out, up into the air, spattering a few drops onto her face and chest, but mostly falling down over her fingers as she squeezed the last drops out.
She stood up, picked up his shorts from the floor. 'Right, now get out. I might invite you back if you're lucky!' He stood and took the shorts. 'Go on,' she continued as he hurriedly dressed. 'But keep an eye on that balcony -- if I leave a pair of red panties out there that means you can come in again.' He nodded and sheepishly slid out onto the balcony and back to his room. She grinned, then went to find her phone and send some messages and photos to Amanda. Her friend was amused and impressed but demanded more. 'I want more proof! u need to proper fuck someone. Wanna see cum dripping from your honey pussy!' Astrid's reply was 'omg u serious?!' But the truth was it only excited her more and she was determined to live up to the challenge. She wondered if the older guy would really be on the beach waiting for her at midnight. That could be a good session to take snaps of -- proof that she could seduce an older guy too.
Finally it was time to go down to the bar for the evening -- and time to find another guy to expose herself to, surely.
Astrid knew, even without much of a tan, that wearing a short white off-the-shoulder top would draw attention, and just to make sure she paired it with a short white skirt. Her hair was loose and she wore heels. And sure enough as she walked through the bar, a couple of steps behind her parents, she noticed a few men's heads turn. The tall slim young woman in a skimpy white top and short skirt dancing around her upper thighs could not fail to attract admirers, especially as she was wearing only a tiny thong underneath, keen to tease and show off her taut young buttocks and pert breasts.
She caught one handsome middle aged man following her with his eyes while his wife was busy looking at her phone. Astrid gave the man a subtle grin as she passed, loving the attention and excited to do more. She just knew he was checking her out from behind, and that it wouldn't take much to imagine her nude. She felt a tingle inside as she began to anticipate flirting and exhibiting herself again. She relished the idea of using her sexy young body to drive men wild. She felt like she wanted to tease every guy in the room until they were all desperate to fuck her.
The seat she chose at the side of the bar was next to her parents but separate, so that as they spoke to each other she was free to work the room from her chair, which was almost opposite the man who had been checking her out. She knew he was watching as she sipped her tequila sunrise so she made a show of licking her lips and sucking the straw. She smiled as she caught him staring, loving the thrill and sense of power making her bolder. Next she slowly began to spread her legs, certain he could see in between her thighs, up her little skirt to her crotch, where the white triangle of her panties must surely be visible. She felt herself getting wetter, horny, impatient. Next she stood up, made sure he was watching then turned round so that he could see her from behind. She made a show of leaning over as if to pick up something from the chair seat, knowing her short skirt must give a great view of her pert buttocks and the thin white strip of the thong, perhaps even the little bulge of her pussy lips, tightly wrapped by the soft material.
She went to the ladies, passing by his chair and licking her lips again as she went by. She was now quite wet and felt an urge to relieve herself. In the cubicle she pulled down her skirt and pulled off the underwear then set about fingering herself, rubbing her swelling clit and stroking her pussy until she felt the first wave of orgasm pulsing through her. She rubbed harder, using her fingertips to stimulate herself to the point of no return, arching her back and moaning gently as she came, bursts of juices squirting out through her fingers and down her legs. When she was done she pulled her skirt back up and scrunched the soaking panties into her hand.
As she walked back through the bar she saw he was still there and the seat next to him was empty - his wife must have gone to the loo or the bar or to their room. So she walked slowly past his seat, glanced around to make sure no one was looking, then dropped her wet thong into his lap, grinning wickedly at him.
Once she sat down again and saw him look over and smile, she spread her legs again to show him her naked hairless pussy, grinning as his eyes widened. He stood up and her heart missed a beat - was he going to come over? But he just discreetly beckoned her with a finger and walked out of the bar, as if to go for a smoke outside. She made an excuse to her parents and left the room too.
She found him on the path down to the pool where there was a dark recess where the hotel stored some of the poolside furniture at night. He moved into the shadows and signalled her to follow. She quickly joined him there and walked up close. He was about to speak but she put a finger in his lips and whispered 'Just take me. Now!'
They kissed hard and his hands were all over her, grasping her buttocks and fondling her small breasts through the thin material. She reached down and undid his belt and zip then reached inside his trousers and took his hard cock in her fingers. He slid his hands under her tiny skirt and caressed her pussy lips, slipping his fingertips into the wetness.
Suddenly he turned her round and placed her against the wall. She spread her legs and felt juices seeping out as she braced herself. She didn't want to know him and was pleased he just wanted to fuck her there. Moments later she felt the tip of his cock enter her. It was smooth and firm and easily opened her up. By now she was aching to feel it inside and he was losing control, wanting only to take this fine young body for his pleasure. And then he just thrust deep inside, making her gasp and shudder, moving his hardness in deeper and harder, throbbing and thrusting into her wet pussy. She felt a shiver and thrill as another orgasm came and her warm juices flowed over the long hard member up inside her. And then she felt it throb uncontrollably and heard him moan as he pushed right up inside and spurted his load into her, thrusting several times as he emptied himself inside her.
Astrid loved the thrill of being taken at last, especially in this furtive anonymous way. The man gave her a kiss and thanked her, but quickly left her to go back to his seat in the bar. She had to go back to the restroom to wash herself out, so that she wouldn't be walking back into the bar with cum and juices pouring down her legs!
Back in the bar, she saw him again and they gave each other secretive grins as she started thinking about the next seduction or exposure -- it seemed that every sexual moment only made her appetite grow more. And then she saw the older guy from the pool -- the first one she had exposed her naked pussy and breasts too -- pleased that he had reappeared and might really be around later for the secret rendezvous on the beach. She blew him a kiss and he motioned to his wristwatch and gave her a discreet thumbs-up.
Astrid knew this would be a hell of a night, giving herself to two men (at least!) and planning to send photos of herself to her friend to prove her exhibitionist credentials. What a pleasure it was to be a sexy young woman with a fine body and the power to seduce men apparently at will. The thought made her wet again and she was becoming impatient for the midnight beach encounter.