Holden Reese was the lucky second driver to get Monica Gift.
As soon as Shane Brinkwalter brought her back she jumped cars. Holden had a small compact car belonging to his Mom.
"That was so much fun. You should have seen that guy Holden. He was terrified."
"Crazy." He eyes the address on his itinerary.
"Where to now?"
"Foxhill Apartments."
"Ok. So I go topless this time right?" She bites her lip with anticipation.
"That's what Ryan said, well untied at least. You can take it off if you want to."
She immediately removes it with a sigh of freedom. As they drove she dangled it out the window and watched it flap in the breeze.
"Eyes on the road." She giggles catching him looking at her chest.
"I don't know what you're walking into so I'll walk up with you. I'll stay a few steps down. Scream if you need me."
"Right now I don't care who see's me. This is way to much fun."
As they arrive the two park and get out with the pizza and a box of Hot Wings in hand. Walking together they pass a man walking his dog. He merely stared with a smile. She waved at him to be nice. He waved back.
"It's like everyone overlooks my nudity. So awesome." She shivers.
"If you were ugly they would call the cops. People are twisted. If a hot girl shows off they usually let them. It's a fantasy for most people. Besides you look sixteen still. Older guys eat that shit up."
She flared her eyes thinking of Ryan's Dad and his thoughts on the subject. It was something she had to keep to herself.
Heading upstairs they reach the 3rd level. Holden stops and leans her back against the railing. He took the risk and kissed her on the lips. Monica allowed it and tugged at his bottom lip on the release.
"Mmmmm! Let me do this."
"Have fun."
She peels away to step over to the Apartment and knocks.
Seconds later a young woman answers the door. Her eyes bulge wide at the sight of a near naked beauty.
"Well Hello there. Now that's what I call service." The short blond of 25 sparkled.
"Hi. Thick crust Pepperoni and mushroom? A side of Hot Wings."
"Absolutely. Wow! You're stunning. How old are you?"
"Awww! Thank you. I just turned eighteen a few weeks ago."
As they admire each other a Man steps to the door behind her. He was a tall muscular man of 30. The blond hugs him from the side patting his chest.
"Isn't she beautiful Michael? And, barely legal."
His eyes take in Monica while puckering his lips, "Ohhhh, yeah! What made you do this?"
Monica shrugs, "I'm an exhibitionist. Don't tell my Boss. He would fire me on the spot."
"Never crossed our mind." The blond winks, "I'm Lisa. What's your name?"
"Can I keep that secret? It's safer." Monica grins sheepishly.
"Sure! Let's just call you, Beautiful."
"Works for me." She giggles.
"Here I'll take the food. You can come in if you want." Lisa nods with a warm smile.
"Only for a minute. I have other deliveries. Can we leave the door open?"
"Sure. Let me grab my purse." Lisa leaves Michael's side to put the food on a coffee table.
He uses his hand gallantly to offer her entry.
Monica takes a deep breath and enters the apartment. As she passes by Michael he admires her shapely ass.
"Very nice." He compliments her.
Monica looks over her shoulder to note his eyes staring at her bare behind, "Thanks. I hear that a lot."
"So, you do this kind of thing much?"
"More and more. I love the freedom. I love it when guys get worked up over seeing me."
"Already on my way." He confirms.
Monica wags a naughty finger at him, "Your girls in the next room."
"We could be in the next room too if you want." He rubs his chin.
"Open minded much?" Monica grins.
"We're Swinger's. I'll extend a welcome if you ever want to play with us."
Her eyes sparkle at the thought, "Maybe. I'll consider that."
Lisa returns with her money., "Keep the change. After seeing you it's worth it."
Monica expresses a look of awe, "Fifty dollars? Thank you."
"Buying her affections?" Michael winks at Lisa.
"If I could I would."
Michael opts to open the box of Hot Wings while the girls flirt. Eating one his hands get messy. Instead of licking his fingers he has an inspiration.
"The only thing hotter than these wings are those nipples. Mind if I spice those up?"
Lisa chuckles at her Husband, "He's a devious one. Be careful."
Monica shivers then lifts her breasts, "Sure. I'll at least give you guys a taste."
He moves closer and smears the sauce on both of her nipples. He then pulls Lisa next to him.
"One for you. One for me."
Monica smiles from ear to ear as the couple lean in together. Mouths engulf both areolas and tug at the nipples. Monica had to shiver and expel a light moan.
"Holy shit! That gave me goose bumps." Monica flares her eyes.
"Tasty!" Michael nods licking his lips.
Lisa winks at her and goes back for seconds. Her sample lasted for three minutes. Monica fanned herself at the steamy emotions she was building up.
"Okay! Now I'm curious. Can I try that?" Monica eyes Lisa's cleavage. The woman wore a spaghetti string peach colored top. Her tits were a stunning 36C.
"Get the sauce." She dances in step looking over at Michael as she peels her top off of her shoulders and reveals her braless breasts. Her skin was pale and her nipples bright pink and pointy.
Michael returns with smothered fingers and swirls a dab around both nipples. He then waves Monica in to join him on a feast. Side by side Lisa watched them suck on her nipples.
"See what we started, Michael? Our Beautiful likes this."
Monica releases Lisa's nipple with a gentle tug of her lips and sighs, "That would be a yes."
Lisa winks at Monica, "Michael feels left out I think."
"Should we baste him in Hot Sauce?" Monica giggles.
Michael lifts his t-shirt over his head casting it on their sofa, "Bring it on Ladies."
As Monica moves to get the sauce on her fingers from the box Lisa gets sneaky.
The blond unfastens his jeans and tugs they and his boxers down to reveal his beefy eight inch cock.
Monica turns around to witness the reveal and drops her jaw, "Oh hell."
Lisa then journeys over to Monica and shares the sauce from her fingers. Pulling her along with her Lisa crouches down in front of Michael and coats his cock and bulging ball sack in sauce.
Monica hesitates and again fans herself.
"It's alright, Beautiful. Come on down here with me."
"I don't know." Monica hesitates with an uncomfortable shiver, darting her gaze between Michael's hard on and Lisa's tempting smile.
"You don't have to. Nobody is forcing you." Lisa comforts her before lapping her tongue along Michael's ball sack. Her eyes never left Monica's the entire time.
Monica was drenched between her thighs at the sight.
Finally, Monica broke down with a hissing exhale and knelt beside her new friend. Lisa held his cock for her to sample a flick to his crown.
"Go ahead, Beautiful. I don't mind. We can do this together."
Lisa shifts her profile to trail her tongue along Michael's cock on his left. Monica in turn dared herself to dabble on the flesh at his right. Reaching the crown together the girls licked each others lips. That led into a steamy unexpected kiss.
Michael stood over them stroking his cock. He marveled at their erotic chemistry.
After a heated two minutes the girls planted their foreheads against each other giggling.
"Wow!" Monica was breathless.
Unknown to all, Holden had crept up to peek around the frame of the open door. His jaw dropped. What he saw made him realize just how fast this girl could get things done. He began rubbing his own crotch and prayed none of the other neighbors would walk out and catch him.
Inside Michael stroked his cock while the girls sat in awe of each other. He let them have their moment. He knew too much too soon would ruin this magical evening.
Lisa finally spoke, "Never kissed a girl before have you?"
Blushing Monica bit her lower lip, "Never. It was fun though."
"Yes it certainly was. Anytime you want to do it again just drop on over. Strangely enough I say we made a new friend." She looks up at Michael for his nodding agreement.
Monica trembles then glances up at Michael, "I think your man needs your attention."
Michael grins, "I'm good. You two have fun."
Lisa lifts up on her knees and opens her mouth to swallow her husbands cock for a repetition of four throat thrusts. She then stops to wipe her chin, "That will fuel his fire. How about you Beautiful? Want your fire fueled?"
Monica's eyes flare up, "What do you mean?"
The blond shuffles toward her on her knees carefully encouraging her to lay back. Once Monica slithered backward Lisa stretched out between Monica's legs. Without too much resistance the blond untied the left hip strings to Monica's bottoms, peeling the cloth aside for a perfect view of her pussy. Lowering her face into Monica's snatch she began flicking her tongue on Monica's clit. The sensations were nothing like she had experienced before. In a matter of minutes Monica was moaning at the top of her lungs and building up inside. The experience led her to a steamy orgasm.
Above them Michael growled and prepared to detonate all over. Hearing this Lisa leaped up to kneel under his cock with her jaw wide. He primed his cock right on top of her tongue and squirted into her mouth. She accepted his load until Michael had nothing left to offer. Lisa then turned to face Monica showing offr mouth full of snow white jizz.
Monica exhaled abruptly, "That is so Hot."
Winking at Monica the blond used her index finger to coax the girl closer. Monica reluctantly crawled directly toward Lisa until the blond pulled her into another kiss. Sharing Michael's cum between their entwined tongues made both girls squeal with delight.
By the open front door Holden had literally snuck in a video of it on his cell.
In doing so Michael caught his shadow and bellowed, "WHAT THE FUCK!"
Before Michael could grab his pants Holden panicked and ran. The distraction separated the girls to see what was going on.
"Pervert was recording us on his cell." Michael had his boxers on and hopped to the door.
Monica bulged her eyes knowing it must have been Holden.
"Wait! This is my fault. I think that was my friend Holden. He drove me here on this delivery. If it was I'll call him back and make sure he deletes it. I'm soooo sorry. Just don't hurt him."
Lisa settles back on the carpet laughing, "Let him keep it. I for one don't mind being seen."
"You might. I have a State job. I can't let shit like that get out there." Michael huffs.
"You work on Highways. Stop acting like you're a Politician." Lisa shakes her head.
Monica cautiously stands and ties her bottoms back into place.
"No. Let me bring him back. Introduce you and you can delete it yourself. I just don't want you to think badly of me. I had no idea he would do that."
Lisa frowns, "Get him back up here. This could be fun."
Moving to the door Monica steps out and to the railing on looking the parking lot. She see's Holden and waves him back up. The boy was in panic mode. Then his heart raced faster.
Lisa snuck up beside Monica and placed her arm around the girl.
"Holy shit." Monica notices that Lisa too had shed her clothing.
"If he's going to record us lets give him something worth recording."
Lisa turns Monica to take her by the hand down the staircase and into the parking area. At the bottom Lisa waves at Holden as they defiantly walk together toward him.
Holden could see Michael leaning on the stairway railing watching.
"Don't worry about him." Lisa smiles warmly.
"I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself." Holden holds his hands in front of him to protect himself.
Lisa and Monica laugh and hug each other until they reach Holden. Lisa steps in and pats Holden on the cheek
"Don't sweat it Handsome. Michael's harmless. You just caught him off guard. Keep the video. Show your friends how sexy I am."
Monica admired Lisa, "Oh my God, Lisa. I think I'm in love with you. You are exactly what I want to be. Bold and unrestrained."
"Hey! When you have a rockin' body like mine why hide it? Yours is even better so flaunt it Beautiful."
"Awww! You're just lucky I favor my contacts. I wear glasses and look nerdy."
"Sexiest nerd I ever ate out." Lisa giggles wagging her tongue.
Monica flared her eyes, "That was so intense. I might turn lesbian."
The girls laugh as one until Holden winces, "Please don't."
The laughter increased at his expense.
"One for the road?" Lisa puckers her lips.
Monica jumped at the chance to kiss this devastating blond once more.
Holden chose to video even that.
Parting Lisa presses her forehead to Monica's.
"You better visit me."
"I will. I promise."
"Good. Now, for the finale." Lisa turns to Holden and kisses him on the lips. The boy nearly fainted.
Exhaling on her hand afterwards she shakes her head.
"I hope you don't taste Michael on my lips."
Mischievously she turns away waving and wags her ass as she walked back home.
Holden wanted to throw up.
Monica? She wanted to deliver more pizza.