As I was lying there after sex, still sweating but my breathing was back to normal, I started to have an idea. I looked at her as she went to get some water, her smooth curves and toned body it hit me.
"I don't want you to wear clothes anymore." She laughed a bit and looked over her shoulder at me, then turned back to the faucet in the master suite bathroom. She was about 5' 9", big C cup and toned from a lifetime of exercise. Her body was amazing, and she was beautiful on top of all of it. She had kind of curly dark brown hair that came down just past her shoulders, with pale blue eyes. She was one of those girls that it could be painful to look at because she was so pretty. She was also very adventurous in bed, so my suggestion was not all the way off base.
"No, I'm serious. I want you to be naked from here on out."
She smiled, "I have to go to work, and shopping and such. Should I just walk around at my job naked?"
"No, but when you weren't there you should take it off. Go around at the edge of decency if possible, try not to break any laws unless you have to."
"You're funny."
"Go topless in the car and anyplace that you can, wear as little as possible, and since it's summer that will be very easy. But when you are at home or when it's feasible I want you to be naked."
"Your friends sometimes come over. Would you like it if I was naked around them?"
"As long as they are not trying to fuck you, then I'll have to say yes. This isn't about having sex with everyone on earth, just with me. This is because you're so hot that I want to see you constantly."
While she was adventurous in bed, she was somewhat conservative outside of the bedroom. She really never went around underdressed. When we went out she would dress sexy, but never too much and always on par with the rest of the people we hung out with. At work she had a dress code that everyone followed. She was in the finance department of a large furniture outlet, and they wore things that were noticeably not sexy. She was always happy to get home to change, but it was almost always clothes to clothes. After a run or working out she was less conservative. After swimming she was very relaxed in attire, though wearing a bikini is almost naked by itself. She just would never cover up after unless she got cold. From the beach sometimes she would change in the car, which always got me hard. Some of my most special times jerking off was thinking about how the towel was useless covering her up while she changed and eventually she would drop it all together. After sex, and especially after a good long session, she was not conservative at all. She would not get dressed until the next morning, and was never shy about walking around naked. We had sex in the afternoon once time and we didn't have to go anywhere for the rest of the day. She spent the rest of the day fully nude on one of the greatest days of my life.
Cheryl said, "You're probably not going to get dressed now, are you?"
"No. What's the point? We might have sex again and even if not I am comfortable like this after an orgasm."
"So what I'm saying is, tomorrow, you just don't get dressed. Take a shower, put the towel away and stay nude."
"For how long? The whole day?"
"Yes. And, well, every day. Forever."
"I can't be naked like that. I have work on Monday, and we are going out tomorrow night. How am I supposed to stay naked? My girlfriends are coming over Sunday afternoon, and I'm supposed to lounge naked? What are you going to wear?"
"I'm still working out the logistics, but you have to get dressed for work. Your dress code probably doesn't include birthday suits unless your skin looks like khakis and a polo. Saturday night have to work on. At home, you need to be naked."
"Why? What's with the sudden desire to see me in the nude all of the time?"
"You're so amazingly hot, that unless prohibited by law I want to see you nude. I want you to turn into a militant nudist. I want you to show off that amazing body. I have had fantasies where I parade you around places where we don't really know anyone, but now I just want your unabashed nudity. I don't care if our friends know or see or join in."
"What about you? Does this include you walking around naked all of the time too?"
"I will be naked as well if that makes you more comfortable, but this isn't about me. I'll blend in and jump in where necessary. The thing is, nobody wants to see a naked man. Women are much more attractive, and people just don't turn away from the sight of a woman's skin. If you were topless at a public function, people smile. If I am topless, people want me to put a shirt on."
"But we're not talking about topless, are we?"
"In public, sure. At home and where possible beyond that, no. Then we are talking completely nude."
"Lingerie?"
"At home, no. When it gets cold we can address that, but we can just turn the heat up."
"What about when my girlfriends come over. Are you going to be here in the nude then?"
"I can make an appearance if you like, but naked or not, I don't want to be here when they are here. There is a lot of talking and I'd rather bail for the afternoon, which I would have done anyway."
"But for this I should be naked? I should sit around in the nude with my friends?"
"Yes."
"What is my motivation? Why would I agree to this?"
"Because you're young and beautiful and it won't last forever. Get as much mileage out of your youth before time hammers you down. Because it will please me. Because it's so far over the top and crazy wild that it will be fun."
"Fun for you maybe. I'm the naked one."
"Like I said, I plan on being naked with you most of the time. But you'll be naked almost all of the time. There has to be some kind of thrill with that."
We talked about it some more, mostly me demanding some nudity and her thinking of situations where she couldn't. I got so worked up that I jumped on her again and pounded away. I tried not thinking about her naked everywhere, but I couldn't help it when I did and I couldn't last as long as I should have on the third session of the night. Afterward, she looked up at while still panting and said, "You must be really turned on thinking about it."
We slept and the next morning I got up to do the chores around the house. The lawn needed to be mowed and there was always something else outside that needed my attention. I heard her in the shower, and I put on my outdoor working clothes. I went into the kitchen to get some coffee and the shower stopped. I could see from the kitchen into the bedroom mirror that she was naked while she was using the towel to dry her hair off. She twisted the towel onto her head and came out into the living room, naked but for the towel on her head.
"Is this too much clothes for you?"
"No, that's actually what I had in mind." This was unusual for her to be naked at this point. I wanted to run across the room and fuck her right then, but I also wanted to see where this would go. I was sure that I wanted her to never wear clothes again. I was half expecting it to be blown off, and I was now coming to grips with the fact that she might just do it
"How long have you been thinking about this?"
"From the moment I first saw you nearly naked, up to and including right now. I like being nude, as you may have noticed."
"I have noticed your dick freely swinging around sometimes." I have to say, it's a nice dick, at least everyone who has seen it says so. I'm about 8 ½ inches when fully aroused, and I have kept in shape by running at least 3 miles almost every day.
I said, "As soon as I saw you naked I wanted to see you like that always. The way you look normally is breathtaking. You're a beautiful woman and I am lucky to have you. But as soon as I saw you walk around in the nude after sex, I realized that your natural state is to be nude, always."
She looked at me and then turned a little to the side looking coy and slutty at the same time.
"Okay. I'll try it."
I felt bold at that point. I had just talked her into trying nudity around the house, but I also wanted to get on board with all of the rules from last night.
"So you'll be naked all of the time."
"Yes."
"And nearly nude the rest of the time, except for work and such."
"Yes."
"Forever?"
"Yes. The way I look right now is pretty much the only way that you will see me from now on. But...."
Here it comes. A fucking condition.
"...you have to be naked almost all of the time too."
I looked at her all naked, and was about to agree to most anything to keep her looking like that, but I didn't want to have constraints.
"Okay, I told you I would, as long as you are naked from here on out."
"Like right now," she said with an impish smile.
"I'm going to mow the lawn. Notwithstanding any agreement, it's kind of dangerous to not wear protective clothing for this."
She smiled again. "Wear boots, but get an all over tan. You can put on shorts for weed whacking."
I kind of had to go along with this. I told her to be naked, not asked. She looks like she is going to do it, but I have to join in. The thought of it made me reluctantly agree.
"I'll do the back in boots, but when I get out on the road side I'll put on shorts. I don't want to break the law, and if they can see me from the road I think that I am."
"Okay, then the towel goes back on..." and she swung it off of her head.
"Wait, wait!" This close to my dream and I couldn't let it go. "I'll do it."
"If you want me naked all of the time, fine. If you want me to be an exhibitionist, well then fine. If you want me to dress slutty and give up all of my inhibitions, fine. But you have to do it too, because you said you would."
I took off my hat, my shirt and dropped my shorts in almost one movement. I put my hat on, and there I stood in boots, a hat and a smile. Well, I also had a raging hard on with all of this going activity.
"Good enough?"
"After you are done, lose the hat and boots. You look ridiculous."
I said, "Wanna fuck before I get started?"
"I just took a shower and you look like a naked lumberjack. Go away now."
I mowed the lawn around back, did the weed trimming around the edges and even trimmed a bush that had grown out of control. I still had not tackled the front yet, though our neighbors were not close it would be obvious to anyone looking that the guy on the riding mower was not wearing anything. She looked out at me from the sliding door, naked and beautiful, and said, "The front needs it too." She was smiling and wanted to see if I would go all of the way. I really wanted her to stay naked forever, so I hopped on the John Deere and rode around front. The sun shines on that side of the house very well in the morning so as soon as I came around the corner the whole weight of the summer sun hit me, blinding me for a second. I drove back and forth, first close to the house and then more towards the street. I was wildly nervous about getting caught, but at the same time the thrill of nudity and the feel of the sun and breeze on my naked skin was wonderful. I settled in and started paying more attention to what I was doing. I was taking more care to get the grass nice and even and stopped thinking about being naked more and more as I was out there. It took about twenty minutes to mow the front, and as I was finishing up my neighbor, Mrs. Lewis walked by with her dog. I waved as usual, and she waved back. After I noticed her staring at my dick I realized that I was naked.
Mrs. Lewis was a nice enough person; I just didn't know her very well. She was a pretty woman, easily into her fifties and was in shape from her constant dog walking, and was overall a good neighbor. I never knew her husband. I didn't know whether he died or whether she was divorced, and I didn't dare to ask. She kept to her business, and we kept to ours. I had not noticed before how full and round her tits were until this very moment, and as I looked back at her face I realized she was still staring at my dick. She was almost smiling.
I said, "Good morning Mrs. Lewis."
She said, "Umm, hello", but still was spending way too much time looking down.
"Mrs. Lewis? My eyes are up here."
She caught herself and laughed a small laugh. Then she looked me in the eyes, "What are you doing?"
"Yardwork."
"Yes, but you're naked outside in the front of your house."
"After doing the back it seemed a chore to get dressed to do the front."
She smiled at me and said, "I always put my clothes back on to do the front work. You're brave."
Oh. My. God. Mrs. Lewis is a nudist.
She said, drawing a little closer, "My name is Joanna. Mrs. Lewis is too formal anymore."
I smiled at her, "Okay Joanna."
"I'm in a bit of a hurry, so I'll let you go. I hope to see more of you sometime." She stopped for a second, thinking about what she said, and then looked back at me. "Lose the boots when you are done. You look like a naked lumberjack."
"Cheryl said the same thing."
"Oh, is she a nudist too or are you doing this on a bet?"
"Oh she's naked alright."
"Good. I'll swing by later if you don't mind. I had some bananas that were about to turn, so I made a bunch of banana bread. I'll bring some over. Besides, I really never introduced myself when you moved in."
"Okay, thanks." Dammit, now I have a neighbor coming over. I was hoping to keep this on the down low for at least a day while figuring it out, but here it was 4 hours into the forever nudity of Cheryl and I am the one who gets caught. I did notice as she was walking away that Joanna had a great little figure under that track suit.
I went back inside the house and found Cheryl vacuuming the living room, still naked as I had hoped for. I said," I just ran into Mrs. Lewis."
Cheryl looked up at me. "Really? Like that?"
"Her name is Joanna. She's bringing banana bread with her as an ice breaker so she could finally meet us."
"Banana bread?"
"Don't bother putting clothes on for her. I think she's a nudist and would rather hang out with us naked."
"She saw you naked?"
"I was mowing the grass in the front dressed like this as she walked by. I didn't feel like covering up." I thought about that for a second. "Why, if you are the forever nude one, am I the one who gets spotted in the nude first?"
"You're just lucky, I guess." She turned and went back to vacuuming.
I decided that I needed a shower at last. I was dirty and sweaty and had last night's sex still on me. I showered quickly, replaying the events of this morning. I was happy that I might have taken the clothes off of Cheryl at last, hopefully to never return. Getting caught my Mrs. Lewis wasn't part of my plan at all, But I didn't really care at this point. Joanna was cool with it and I wasn't worried about the police coming over, at least not from her. It would be odd hanging out with Joanna in the nude. I had been to a nude beach once and went skinny dipping several times, but I had never sat and had a normal discussion with someone who was naked, especially not when I was naked too. I finished the shower and went into the bedroom and turned on some music while I dried off. I figured that I would stay naked as well. I was comfortable walking around the house like this anyway.
I walked out of the bedroom deep in my own thoughts and realized as soon as I turned the corner into the living room that Cheryl was talking to someone in the kitchen. I thought that Joanna must have had the bread waiting to go, but it was still pretty quick to get here. I saw Cheryl's back as I walked into the kitchen, still naked, and walked around and saw her best friend sitting in a chair, suddenly startled by me.
Alice was wearing shorts and a t-shirt that was straining against her breasts. She was naturally well endowed and very often on some sort of display. I think she took her cues on how to dress from Maxim. It was too late to run from the room and I didn't feel like it. I was hungry, Cheryl was naked still and I said to myself that Alice would just have to deal with it. I stopped only for a moment as I thought about my options, and then walked past Alice to the fridge for a cold bottle of water.
I opened the cap and took a long swig of the water, with my dick jutting out in full view from about 10 feet away from everybody. It was almost impossible to look in direction and not see everything from my head to my toes.
Alice broke the silence. "Hello Rick."
"Hi Alice, so nice of you to come over."
"What is going on here? Cheryl told me that she wasn't going to wear clothes anymore because you asked. Is that true?"
Cheryl said," I told her all about what we were doing, well mostly me, and that I even though I was still coming to terms with it I was starting to like the idea."
Alice jumped in, "Sure, today it sounds like a good idea, but what about in a week? And you're going to do stuff like this in public?"
I looked at Alice, "You dress provocatively all the time. What's the difference if we just are naked most of the time. Nudity isn't totally provocative anyway, just liberating."
Cheryl said, "That's why I'm starting to warm up to it. I have been doing housework and I've been more comfortable like this than if I was wearing anything."
Alice chimed in, "Well you're supposed to housework naked anyway. It helps with weight control and gives you a positive image of yourself." She realized what she said for a second and stopped. I now knew that Alice did her housework nude. I should go by and return something some Saturday morning.
Alice continued, "But is another thing entirely to just abandon clothing altogether. People come over here sometimes and why should they be uncomfortable."
I said, "Well it's our place, and before long people will know that we'll be naked here, at least Cheryl will be, and that they need to be cool with that before coming over. Honestly, I don't see that much of an issue. It's not like we'll be performing sex acts in front of people."
Cheryl smiled, "Not really."
I wondered what she meant by that, but I let it drop for now. "All I did was be honest and tell her that I didn't want her to wear clothes anymore. Not even if I wasn't here. Never."
Alice looked back and forth between us. "I am just shocked by this."
Cheryl smiled, "You should join in."
Alice blushed immediately. I kind of knew this was coming and I am glad it was out there. I felt a little brazen and said to her, "Actually, I don't think you should ever wear clothes again. I am not really in a position for that request when you are out of here, but it is the truth." I paused for a moment as that sunk in. "However, when you are here, you should not wear clothes at all."
Alice almost gasped, "What?" Cheryl smiled and said, "Actually, I agree. When you're here, please be naked."
Alice looked back at Cheryl.
Cheryl said, "I insist. I am going to be naked, he's going to be naked. You're my best friend so you'll be here a bunch like you always have and I welcome that. But from now on you have to be naked."
Those words hung in the air for a second and I decided to jump in. "Alice, you dress sexy or slutty most of the time when you're not at work, and even then I have noticed that you're not afraid to present yourself. You basically just told us that you do housework naked so you're used to the feeling anyway."
Alice said, "But I never just run around nude. And I am always by myself when I take off everything." She paused for a moment, "I don't think that this is something for me."
I was ready to say something when Alice got up and said she needed to use the bathroom. When she left I said to Cheryl, "What did you say to her?"
"I told her that you said that you didn't want me to wear clothes anymore, and that since she was my best friend she could probably accept that I went along with it. We were talking about it for a couple of minutes and then you walked in."
Alice appeared in the doorway, still dressed. "Are you going to be like this from now on?"
Cheryl said, "Well for the foreseeable future at least. I am liking this very much so I might stay like this. It would just be better if we didn't have to hide."
Alice looked at me. "Nice dick." Before I could respond Alice said "Fuck it," and took off her shirt. She dropped her shorts and panties in a moment and put them neatly on the chair she was sitting on. She reached around and undid her bra, and shot her underwear to the floor. In less than a minute she went from no fucking way to totally naked.
She looked at me, "Take a long look buddy. I don't want to catch you drooling over me after this."
Cheryl said, "What's the difference. His 'nice dick' is hanging out there for you to look at. Besides, I'm sure we will all acclimate to being nude as well as being nude if front of each other in no time at all."
I thought that since she invited me, I would look her over. She had an amazing body, and I noticed that her tits stayed in place. "Are your tits real?" She smiled, "No. I had them done several years ago and then once again a little over a year ago."
Cheryl said, "I knew they weren't, but I guess you never saw her before she had the boob job."
Alice looked at me, "They feel great and even jiggle a bit when I walk. They just don't sag at all."
Cheryl said, "You should feel them."
Alice smiled and I just leaned over without any further encouragement and slid my hand over her left tit. I gave it a squeeze and it felt great. A little more firm that Cheryl's, but very nice. I rolled her nipple between my fingers and said, "These are supposed to be less sensitive after the procedure. Is that true?"
Alice didn't bat an eye, even though I was still rubbing her tit, "Oh yes. Much less. That still feels good, but not like before. I was a small B cup, and I could almost orgasm when somebody felt me up."
Everyone became aware at the same time that my hands were having a party on her chest, so I awkwardly stopped. I didn't try to conceal my chubby. Rubbing tits, even fake ones is awesome.
Cheryl said, "Don't worry about it. She had everybody she met feel her tits when she just got them. I spent time with them also"
Alice smiled, "What would you do if your mom came over? Are you going to make her strip too? I know she hasn't been too particular after your dad died about being naked at home, but she doesn't really ever do it on purpose."
Cheryl said, "I don't know. I was thinking about that as soon as you took off your panties."
Alice said call her, and Cheryl said that she would later. The banter went on and escalated into Alice threatening to call and Alice stopping it. I looked at Cheryl and said, "If you call her you can control the message and present it from your point." I thought for a second and looked at Alice and said, "Your mom walks around naked?"
Alice said, "Yeah, sometimes. Topless mostly for about a year after she had her tits done. Now she'll walk into the kitchen naked after a shower or lounging in her bedroom. Not like outside the house or in public."
I knew that her mom had her tits done from the first time I saw them. She was a good looking woman who played tennis regularly for most of her life. When she got in her mid-fifties, and I'm guessing about her age, she must have felt a need to reverse aging on some of her body parts, most notably her tits. She had a big chest like Cheryl, but they were absolutely perfect. We dropped in once and caught her without a bra and they were sitting in place like she was 19 years old. Her headlights were on too, but I maintained good control and didn't stare at them.
Cheryl was dialing. " Hello mom? Hi...just hanging around. Alice is over...she's good....doing some housekeeping....Umm, mom? I was just calling to tell you that I'm going to be naked from now on. Rick asked me to never wear clothes again, and I'm going to just be naked. Yes, Alice is over and she's naked and so is Rick and that's the way we'll stay. We told Alice that she has to be naked when she is here from now on, but that she should do it forever too."
Alice's mouth dropped open involuntarily as Cheryl just threw it all out there. Cheryl could beat around the bush sometimes but this was the most direct that I had ever heard her be.
"..... Yes...Started today....he likes it....I think that Alice likes it too. Yeah, but we had to spend a minute convincing her. I know, I thought it was surprising too."
Alice and I watched as Cheryl listened to her mom on the other end and said uh-huh a lot. Sometimes putting up a finger to shush Alice and I as we muttered some things to each other. It seemed like an eternity before she hung up.
Alice jumped as soon as Cheryl hung up. "Well..What did she say? You were on a long time."
"She said that's great. She said that she always liked being naked, just not all of the time. She said that she was casual about it and if it made us happy and we were having fun then that's okay."
Alice said, "That's it?"
"She also said that she hoped it might bring us closer together, since it levels the playing field and pretention and inhibition, so our relationship will hopefully be more real. Then, she said that she would honor our rules and join in if that's what I wanted. Then she talked a bit about how it might have affected me that she would wash the dishes topless."
Meanwhile, I'm getting excited by thinking about all of this. Cheryl is getting militant about being naked to the point that her big best friend was naked and her mom might do it too. I almost missed that statement about washing dishes topless. "What? Did you know that?"
Alice said, "I saw her do that."
Cheryl said, "I saw her do it a couple of times, but I was gone for those years after dad died. I didn't think she did it regularly. Did she?"
Alice said, " I came over and was coming in the back and saw her through the window. Shades wide open, and clearly most of her visible from the driveway."
I said, "Is that visible from the street?"
"No, you have to be in the driveway, and the fence is pretty high. When I came in she was still drying a pot, and then she went and took her top from the chair and put it on. She said it was a new shirt and she didn't want to get it dirty or wet. I said that's fine, whatever and that was the end of it. She might have been in the habit after the boob job, and I didn't really think much of it."
Cheryl jumped back in. "And, she said that she would honor our wishes if we came over, and that she would be nude with us to make us comfortable."
Both Alice's and my jaw dropped at the same moment.
"And, she said that to honor our wishes, she would make sure that Alice would have to be nude there too. That it was good to try it on. New things and different experiences are good."
Alice said, "She's going to make me be nude at home?"
"And, after she said the new experience thing that she was going to do it too. And that we should come over. For dinner. Sunday."
I had to jump in. "Your mom is taking her clothes off too?"
"Yes. It appears so."
"Why the fuck didn't I tell you to get naked years ago. The whole set of dominoes is falling over. So far today my girlfriend is naked..."
"You told me to do it."
"I found a neighborhood nudist in the street, your best friend is sitting here nude, and now your mother too. Either you all think clothes really suck, or I just am on the luckiest streak ever. I need to play the lottery, though with all of this nudity I think that I may have won already."
Alice said, "Don't forget, you got to feel me up too."
Cheryl frowned, "So has everyone else in town. I am surprised that you waited until now to get him to do it. Didn't you get felt up by an old man?"
"He wasn't that old."
I looked at them, "So what do we do now?"
Cheryl said, "I have stuff to do outside in the garden," she looked at Alice, "want to come and help?"
Alice looked at her, "Outside? Really? I don't know if I'm ready for that. Your back yard isn't the most private place around. I could see right out on the street."
Cheryl said, " It's different outside looking in, and there's not as noticeable unless you're trying to look in like a peeping tom." She took Alice by the arm and pulled her up and outside. "I would like your help."
Alice looked at me, "What are you going to be doing?"
I thought about work for a second, "I really have some things to do for work this weekend, and now is as good a time as any."
The girls went out, and I pulled out my laptop and went to the makeshift office I used off of the living room. After a while I heard some voices outside and decided to take a break and see how the girls were doing. I went outside and saw the girls laying out on our recliners and looking incredibly sexy glistening from sweat and tanning oil. Joanna had come over too and was chatting up the girls. She was sitting there in the nude as well, though I couldn't see her entirely from my angle. There was another woman with them that I thought was Joanna's friend. I saw her once in a while getting out of the car, but I didn't recognize her without the clothes. One small statement, telling Cheryl to never wear clothes again, has thus far produced 4 naked women in my back yard and another one naked in her house waiting for us to come to dinner. I thought about that shaking my head as I walked over to be social.
Joanna saw me coming first. "Glad to see you lost the boots. Much better now."
Cheryl laughed. "No more naked lumberjack."
Joanna said, "This is my friend, Mary. We go back a very long time."
Mary looked to be in her late fifties. She was obviously into fitness, as was Joanna based upon how well their bodies looked. Mary had short blonde hair, with an all over tan and c-cups that defied gravity. I guess that's what women were doing around here when they got older. At least, all the naked ones that I know.
Joanna looked beautiful naked. Her body looked like she was just over thirty. She had probably the best boob job of all of them. Full, round and big and from a distance if you looked at her from the neck down she was almost Playboy material. Her face gave away the years, but without her clothes she was an extremely attractive woman from head to toe. I think she noticed me studying her and said, "Hey. Up here." She was smiling though, and then she turned herself so that I could see her better.
I looked around at the scene in front of me. "This is the greatest backyard party ever."
Cheryl said, "Can I borrow you for a minute?"
I said, "Sure," and she got up from her chair heading back to the house. I would have followed her anywhere. That naked ass glistening from sweat was a sight to see and I floated behind her. We went inside and she grabbed me by the dick and pulled me into the kitchen. She turned around and looked at me. "I'm so fucking horny right now. I need to get fucked. Be quick, I don't want to give too much away, but make sure I stay fucked for a couple of hours at least until everyone leaves and we can get really nasty." She didn't even lean in for a kiss. She turned around and braced herself on the kitchen counter and stuck her ass back towards me. "Fucking fuck me. Right fucking now."
I didn't need any other invitation. I was about as horny as a man could get and as soon as she grabbed me by my dick I was rock hard. I stepped up behind her and I could feel the heat and sweat from her body right through me I slid my dick between her ass cheeks and she let out a small moan, and I slid my dick down through her ass, against her anus where she made a slight breathing sound. I pushed my dick between the lips of her pussy and slid back and forth a couple of times. Her pussy was so wet and hot that it was flowing freely all over my dick, almost dripping off of me. I ducked my knees and slid up right into her. As I slid in she said, "Oh yeah...." She leaned forward and pushed her ass back harder. She spread her legs even more as I began to slowly pump into her. I was stroking long and slow, feeling the heat and wetness of her pussy and stroking her ass. It was absolutely beautiful and I was trying to drink it in without getting too excited. I wanted to last for a while and the feeling was delicious.
Suddenly she stood up and knocked my dick out. She tuned slightly and said, "We aren't making love here. I don't want a long slow session. I want you to pound the fuck out of me. Fuck me, hard."
She eased her ass back out towards me, and I said "Okay, I'll fuck you." I shoved my dick as hard as I could and started so slam fuck her. I was trying to bruise her ass with my pelvis as I slammed again and again deep inside her. She kept saying, "harder...harder..." and I kept hitting her harder and harder. I was letting my mind wander from the sex into how much I was trying to hurt her ass so I wouldn't cum. If she wanted a hard wild ride I was going to give it to her.
I looked up an Alice was standing in the living room looking at us. She must have come in for something or other and had closed the door behind her and froze in her tracks right by the front door. I said, "Hello" awkwardly and then decided I had work to do and conversation could come later. Cheryl looked up at Alice, and then put her head back down on the kitchen counter and bucked wildly against my dick. "Fuck me harder. Harder. Fuck my cunt, fuck me, fuck me harder..."
I said, "I want to fuck you in your ass."
Cheryl reached around and grabbed my dick out of her pussy and put it right on her asshole. "Fuck me in the ass. Tear me apart." I pushed my dick into her tight ass and started to rock it, not as hard as her pussy, but slamming it hard enough that she should be regretting it. I looked back at Alice and she was smiling watching the scene. At this point I no longer gave a fuck who she was or what was going on. I'm ass fucking a woman right in front of her and she was going to get involved or fuck off.
I said to Alice, "Sit down on the ground, spread your legs as far as you can and play with yourself." She smiled a moment, and I looked back to what I was doing as I was starting to get a bit sore from a lack of lubrication. I grabbed a kitchen towel in reach and pulled my dick out. I wiped it quickly and pushed myself back in her hot pussy. She was so wet that I could have fist fucked her without any problem or resistance, and the way she was acting I think she would have loved it too. Cheryl had lifted her head up and I followed her gaze over to the middle of the living room floor. Alice had her legs spread open and was fingering herself watching us. She was leaning back on one arm and had her hand rubbing her pussy and we had a perfect view right up her pussy. The whole scene was getting top be too much. I started to feel the start of an immense orgasm and I said to Cheryl, "Oh my God, this is so fucking hot."
Cheryl said, "Wait, not yet." She pushed me out and pulled me around the corner of the counter. Cheryl got down on her knees and started to suck my dick. We were in full view of Alice where we were positioned. Alice could see from the tips of Cheryl's toes, to the top of her bobbing head. She had a great side view so she could watch my dick going in and out of Cheryl's mouth and I held up Cheryl's hair to make sure the view was as erotic as I could make it. Cheryl looked over at Alice and slid my dick in and out of her mouth. I said to Alice, "Make yourself cum." Alice speeded her hand up and never took her eyes off of my dick and Cheryl's mouth on it. Her breathing got more and more erratic as she watched me get a blowjob 3 feet away and she started to moan and shake as the orgasm swept over her. This was more than I could bear, and I started to cum violently into Cheryl's mouth. Cheryl sucked and sucked every drop, working the shaft of my dick and squeezing my balls to get every drop. She looked up at me as I was still having the last throes of my orgasm, even shooting a small spurt at her chin. She opened her mouth to show me the cum on her tongue, and then smiled as she closed her mouth and swallowed.
Alice said, "That was so fucking hot."
I said, "This whole thing was so erotic I am losing my mind."
Cheryl smiled, "I'm never putting clothes on again."