Chapter 13 – Party Invitation
I ate some of the leftover pizza cold for breakfast and went out into the back yard to feel the air on my body as I ate. I wondered around the fenced off garden and realised I'd never even done this barefoot before, let alone totally nude. Because of the bend in our road and how my house was perched slightly higher, nobody could see into our garden. I knew that from the bathroom window of Mary-Anne's parents' house you could see about three quarters of it, but it had frosted glass so somebody would have to open the window and lean out to see me. I'd done it a couple of times as a teenager to shout on my cousin or my grandparents. If you leant right out you could see the hot-tub and some of the deck area but you would likely fall out if you arched enough to see all of it.
I had left my phone on the outdoor table and as I walked around to the little defunct ornamental fountain I heard it play the familiar bells and whistles sound I had selected. I ran over to pick it up, tossing the pizza rind into the bushes for the animals to fight over, as I went. I looked at the caller display to see that it was a cell number, but not one I knew as it just showed numbers. I answered it with a "Hello?" expecting a cold caller or wrong number.
"Hi T. It's Mary-Anne." I said good morning and silently hoped we were just going to pretend last night didn't happen. She asked if I had slept well and wanted to know if I wanted to come over for a pool party of sorts at her place. I said I was planning on working on my car today as Penny wasn't back until tomorrow and I wouldn't have another weekend to myself for a month or more. Penny asked where I was and I told her I was in the garden. As we were speaking I had padded back out onto the grass and was drifting about, checking out the perfectly manicured garden that Mike maintained in lieu of some rent. The phone went dead and I heard a window creaking open over my shoulder.
"Oh good I can see you!" Maz said out of the bathroom window. She appeared to only be wearing a gown from what I could tell and it was doing a poor job of containing her massive tits. A lot of the soft pliable flesh was on show, every movement exposing more here and there, her body leaning out further and making more cleavage come into view as she spoke. I was sure the edges of her nipples were showing but it was likely fifteen meters and hard to tell for sure. We discussed the party and Maz told me she was going off for three weeks on a training exercise in Newport late Monday, that she wanted to let her hair down before she left. I asked who would be there and was told it would be two of her ship mates, a couple of college friends, Elena and Brad.
I eventually agreed and Mary-Anne told me to be there at 1500 hours and to bring beers or wine. Her window then closed, and she and her magnificent cleavage were gone. A moment later the window creaked open again and Mary-Anne shouted, "Nice dick by the way naturist boy!" and the window closed just as quickly as it had opened. I went inside and realised that with Penny away I'd need to sort out my own clothes for the first time in a week. I dressed and went on with my day. First the market to get more drinks, then the breakers yard to get what some used parts for my car I'd bought online and finished off by stopping for a haircut at a place I know that is open seven days a week. Once home I worked on my car in the garage, replacing the oil, changing filters and treating the under-sills with anti-rust paint. There was no rust to see but I wanted to get it covered before the rust set in and not to have to repair it later; lastly I fitted the dash trim pieces and replacement turn signal cover I'd get from the breakers yard.
By the time I had finished the rest of the pizza for lunch, tidied away my tools and washed the car it was 2pm so I went up to change ready for the party. I settled on a pair of smart knee length shorts, collared short-sleeve shirt and deck shoes. I put on some aftershave and went down to watch TV until it was time to go to Mary-Anne's. At spot on 3pm, fifteen hundred hours, I took the beers from the chiller and walked around to Mary-Anne's. I spotted Brads' orange mustang parked outside on the road and three cars I didn't recognise on the driveway so assumed I must be one of the last to arrive, everybody else being early. Mr and Mrs Fischer's Cadillac was missing so I assumed they were out. Music was just about audible and I thought I heard laughing and chatter.
I knocked on the door and waited a while but nobody came. I could hear voices out back so I went down the side where there is a gate, but it was locked. I shouted over, but again no response, so I called Maz on my cell to say I was here and she answered right away. She apologised saying they were being very noisy and she'd send somebody to let me in as she was serving drinks. I went back to the big wooden front door as requested to wait.
After a minute I heard the big bolts slam open and the door creaked open an inch. I saw Brads face peer around, as if checking it was indeed me, then he pulled it open. I looked down to ensure I didn't trip on the lip of the door and stepped into the large foyer area, saying "What's up Brad?" as the door closed behind me. I looked over to him and nearly dropped my beers. He was stood there totally naked, a confused look on his face. His dick is slightly bigger than mine, curled slightly to the left atop a huge pair of balls, everything clearly visible as he is totally shaved in the groin area, signs of recent razor burn visible at the top.
"Dude... What the fuck?" He said as I stood there looking at him. "Mary said you'd be naked too!" I shrugged and grunted a sound of equal confusion as he stepped closer. "Dude. Mary said you would be naked as you didn't wear clothes anymore, so the rule was no clothes for the guys and the girls can wear as much or as little as they like! I was to be naked so you'd feel more comfortable not being the only one naked. Did you not know the dress code, or have we been had?" I gave Brad a quick run-down of the basics of the last week and told him I was not at all surprised by this, though Mary-Anne had mentioned nothing about coming naked. I also pointed out that I had no intention of walking on our street naked. He said that Mary-Anne was expecting me to come via the back gate like I did as a kid. I told him our side it was blocked these days by a shed I used for car parts and tools that didn't fit in the garage.
"Anyway dude. You stripping off?" I asked who was there and he said there was Elena, Mary, two officer friends of hers, one a Marine MP, the other a women she graduated the Naval Academy with, (he explained that both are on the same ship as her). He went on to say there was a couple he didn't know but said he thought Mary went to college with the woman. Realising now Brad had said 'we' earlier when describing being naked. I asked if there was another guy and he said there was, the college friends husband, a British guy named Charles. "But is he nude?" I asked in a rush. Brad nodded the affirmative. Brad then pointed to four boxes in the corner of the foyer, each about the size of a small microwave with a U-Haul logo on, two filled with neatly folded clothes and topped with shoes. "That one's yours." Brad pointed at the 3rd in line and I realised that Maz had been a very busy girl preparing all this. I asked Brad who the 4th box was for but he shrugged and said he didn't know.
Chapter 14 – The Pool Party
Brad took the beers from me and I stripped off like I do at home, folding my clothes neatly and, like the other two boxes, topping it off with my deck shoes. Naked, I walked through the house to the back yard, butterflies in my stomach and a chill running down my spine. The kitchen opens out into the yard, the house unchanged in the few years since I was last here. I could see the other guests around the pool, but no second naked guy. Brad was stood with Elena who was wearing daisy dukes and a bikini top. Next to them was Mary-Anne who looked to be wearing a bikini top and an apron, her bottom half covered by the base of the apron. Sat on the lawn chairs next to the pool on the other side were two other women, the military ones I had to assume. One was a black woman, wearing a yellow floral summer dress. She looked strong and athletic with a severe haircut and the other was hidden from view. Despite moving about I couldn't see her. Sat on the edge of the pool was curvy woman, lots of visible tattoos, cute features and a mass of curly red hair, she also was in a summer dress only hers was in orange with black butterfly shapes. I then saw a head in the pool going up and down, likely doing lengths.
I looked back at the curvy woman and realised I knew her. She was a few years older now but this was unmistakably Jenny Pennington. Jenny shared classes with me in high-school and also went to the same college as I did. We'd hung out as teenagers quite a lot, usually as Maz being the link between us. Jenny had a reputation for being quite wild and willing to do anything for a bet. Despite having never witnessed this side of her, there were always rumours and stories, one of which was that she blew 7 guys in row to win a dollar, yes, just one dollar.
I saw Brad shake his head and point to the house. I was clearly taking too long and Maz started to walk to the house. I decided to wait for her and she came in through the doors with a Bud Light in each hand. "Oh good, you found the boxes!" I nodded as she handed me a beer. "Come out and meet the guys. We thought you'd run off home." She asked why I'd used the front door and I told her about my parts shed.
I took the beer and Maz took my other hand, leading me out into the hot sun and all the other guests. Elena saw me and she nonchalantly looked down at my dick then she turned back to her conversation with Brad. I figured she was still maybe mad at me, not that I really understood why. First we headed towards Jenny who stood up clumsily from the edge of the pool and met us half way. She gave me bear-hug of a cuddle and kissed my cheek as she explained how it was so good to see me, guessing out loud that it had been five or six years since we'd seen each other. Maz interrupted to say it was at her 18th birthday the last time we'd all been together. Jenny grabbed my naked butt for a few seconds than pulled away. "Well done you on the whole naked thing!" she said. I laughed and said it was actually my girlfriend's idea and she did an exaggerated 'oh really' before going on to say that her husband Charles also liked to please his woman with obedience.
'Obedience' I thought. This sounds like a kink-fest type word, not something associated with naturism at all. Jenny called "Charles!" over her shoulder and pretty much ordered him to come and meet me. Charles swam the last of his length and came out the steps at the front of the pool, the resistance of the water slowing him and creating exaggerated movements as his lower body came into view. As Brad had said, he was indeed naked too. He was over 6ft, very fit and muscular, like an athlete, with a thinning hair-line, well-groomed beard and strong legs. His penis, likely shrunken by the pool water was poking from a dark bush of pubic hair. He strode over confidently and introduced himself as Charles Archer-Pennington. We shook hands as Jenny released me from her grasp and took him by the hand. It felt weird to shake a man's hand whilst he was naked but he didn't seem to think anything of it. He chatted like this was no big deal, like the whole naked thing didn't even register with him.
Jenny told Charles a few short stories from when we were teenagers, like the time I set fire to the science lab having not read the instructions properly, then told him that I was the first guy she'd ever seen jerking off, adding the word wanking after as if translating from American into English. He laughed a typically British sounding laugh of recognition and said again that is was a pleasure to meet me. He asked if all pool parties in America were like this, with naked people all over the place. I corrected him to say naked men, he just laughed as said the night is young. I squeezed Mary-Anne's hand hard, aiming to inflict mild pain as we both knew that another secret was out.
Maz interrupted and said she needed to introduce me to the 'officers club' and we walked over to the two woman sat by the pool in lawn-chairs. Jenny said she'd catch up with me later then told Charles he should go and finish his laps, adding that she didn't want him getting porky from too little exercise. I thought that was rich coming from her. Jenny had always been a bit overweight ever since I knew her. She was the one that always had an extra burger and McDonalds and a pizza to herself when we ordered it. She wasn't horribly overweight, but probably 210lb, 5ft,8, very cute features with bright green eyes, wild curly red hair that tumbled over her shoulders and plenty of tattoos on her arms and legs.
As we walked over I slowed her with a tug of my arm and with quite an angry hushed tone asked her how many other friends had seen me jerking off. "Just a couple!" she replied cheerily. As we got within a couple of meters of the two women described as 'The officers club', they both stood in unison like an admiral had just walked in. Maz, still holding my hand, introduced me to them both as her kinky neighbour, Tony. She went on to say I was the one who inspired her naked boys pool party idea. Both were stood rigid as if at 'attention', and Mary-Anne had to ask them to relax a little and look after me as she went to get everybody fresh drinks.
"Hi." Was all I could muster as the closer woman stepped forward with her hand out and we shook hands. She told me her name was Maxine, but to call her Max. Up close her mocha colour skin was flawless, she wore no make-up but for lipstick from what I could see and I thought her dark eyes, small chest and high cheekbones made her look almost like a model. She looked strong as an ox and not to be messed with though. The other woman said she was Kayla, as she spoke to me there was no pretence at all that she was looking me over, head to toe, lingering on my groin and eventually meeting my eye. I said hello and tried to get Kayla's attention, "So you are in the Navy too Kayla?" She said she was an Ensign on board the Gipper, the same as Fischer (Mary-Anne). I said I'd not heard of the USS Gipper and the two women laughed. "We call our ship 'Gipper' but it's the USS Ronald Reagan." Maxi informed me. I asked if she was on the same ship and she explained that she was a Navy Cop and that only the bigger ships carried MP's aboard usually. She said she was there on the ships last deployment but could be stationed anywhere, currently though she worked on 'the base'.
Kayla was a tall blonde with a lean body and long limbs. She had probably C cup tits that were held in place by a light collared shirt tied in the middle rather than buttoned. This was a classic poolside look I decided and it exposed her flat muscular belly. Under was a short white skirt and she wore white heels. She asked me if this was normal to come here naked for a pool party and I recounted a brief overview of the last week as I had to Brad earlier. Both girls laughed when I finished with, "and then Brad opened the door naked!" They both asked if I was not a bit self-conscious or embarrassed and I said I was for about thirty seconds, but I've learned very quickly that it's easier to go with the flow. I asked if they had come alone or brought along boyfriends. They both again laughed, and for a moment I wondered if they were a couple and I had just put my foot in my mouth. Kayla said she was single and that Maxi was always single, that she was 'married to the corps'.
Just then Charles came over to join us, glass of white wine in hand. He asked the girls how they were and if they needed a 'top-up' on their drinks. Both said they were fine and he asked if they were planning a coup. I guess it was British humour and we didn't get it. Maxi asked him if the water was cold, looking at his dick as she said it. He admitted it was actually okay and saw she was looking at his dick. Despite only showing maybe only two inches or less, he confidently said, "You mean this little chap?" pointing at his groin. "Sadly he's a grower, not a show'er, but don't worry, when action stations are called he gets the job done." Coming from his British accent it gave the whole thing an air of assurance and control. He went on to say he played a lot of 'Rugger' (Rugby) and that 'Rugger Blokes' got their dicks out all the time after a few beers. Being naked no longer bothered him.
Maxi then complimented him on the rest of his body, pointing out his broad muscular chest and strong legs. He thanked her for the compliment and he returned kind words about her appearance which made her smile. Charles asked them if they fancied a skinny dip with him, but both said they were quite happy keeping their clothes on. Again, he said that the night was yet young and left us, stating he needed to check to see if the other ladies needed a top-up. I noted he never asked if I needed more to drink.
I chatted to the girls a little longer and they explained their jobs on board the ship, much of which was done using Navy acronyms and slang. I nodded a lot, gestured I understood and soon in return I was telling them about my work. Before I knew it I'd been there 25 minutes, realising I had no sunscreen on and my skin was starting to burn. I said to the girls I needed to put sunscreen on as I was burning and they said Jenny had a big bottle of it. I excused myself and walked over to where Jenny was talking with Brad and Elena. I politely interrupted and said that I needed sunscreen and was told that she was the one to see about getting some.
Jenny in turn excused us and all but dragged me towards the shaded side of the pool house and a small table that was next to it, on which sat a huge purse and some shopping bags. Jenny fumbled around in the purse and pulled out what indeed was a large bottle of SPF 20 waterproof tanning oil. I put my hand out to receive the bottle but Jenny held onto it and suggested she do my back and shoulders first. I was a bit apprehensive of having her do this, mostly because I was totally naked, but realised it was the sensible thing to do so I said okay and turned around to face the pool and deck area. Elena saw me looking over and our eyes met. She gave a little wave and a smile, and I hoped that meant she was no longer mad at me.
Jenny fumbled about and I heard oil gurgling out of a container, then I flinched as the cool oil was pressed onto my shoulders which made Jenny laugh a little. I shuffled about again as the globules slid down my back. "Hold still!" she demanded.
Starting at my shoulders she slowly covered me with the slick oil being careful not to miss a single inch. I felt she was moving slower than was necessary and it felt quite nice on my back as she massaged more oil into me. Jenny moved slowly as she moved lower to the base of my spine and I was actually enjoying the feeling a lot. As she continued to massage in the oil her hands slid around my sides and moved up higher until my upper arm stopped her movement. Jenny grabbed my wrists and pulled up my arms to ninety degrees, like I was about be searched by a TSA officer. I heard more oil being squeezed from the bottle and, starting at my shoulders, she oiled up my left arm, followed by my right. Her actions on my arms, whilst not sexual, were sensual and I felt my dick stir as she enveloped my wrist.
"Thanks Jenny." I said as she let go of my wrist. I turned to finish the rest of me but she grabbed my upper arm and spun me back to where I was, stating she wasn't done yet. I said I could manage the rest myself but she said I could get a bad sunburn and, following the sound of another squirt of oil, she knelt down and started on the back of my right ankle, moving up to my calf and then did the other leg to the knee. I felt her moving higher this time and she pressed into my lower leg, telling me to part my legs a little. I saw Maz coming over and she asked if I was okay or if I needed another drink. I said I'd get one when I was done here and she looked down at Jenny with a smile. Maz then watched me spread my legs a little.
"You having fun there Jen?" Maz asked her. Jenny peered around and I saw the top of her head as she confirmed that she was. "There are not too many better ways to spend a Sunday afternoon!" Mary-Anne laughed and said she was right. Maz came up to me, kissed me on the cheek, stepped back and said I looked like I was in the Chippendales, all oiled up and ready to dance, though I might need to work on my abs a little first. Jenny laughed at this as Mary-Anne left us, saying that I was welcome to dance if I wanted as the drifted away. This allowed me for the first time to see that Maz had just a very skimpy thong on under her "World's Greatest Chef" apron. Jenny was doing my thighs now and her hands were going right up to my buttocks. It felt amazing and I think I may have let out a barely audible purr of satisfaction. Jenny didn't stop though and more oil, this time squirted directly onto the base of my spine, was applied. She had done too much and it ran down over and between my buttocks. Jenny pawed at my back-side to catch it all and then proceeded to rub it in, pushing her fingers right into to cleft of my cheeks until the tips of her fingers were brushing against my anus.
"Careful Jenny!" I said and realised it was loud enough to make the other guests look our way. She said nothing and continued to massage my butt, then into my thighs. People had looked over, but quickly turned back to their own conversations. This time I felt the tips of her fingers brushing my ball-sack as they slid between my legs. I looked down to see I was already at half-mast and would soon be fully hard if she didn't finish soon. I asked her if she was finished so I could do my front and she said she was nearly done. She massaged and caressed me more and soon I lost the battle with my penis and it was fully up in the air, the foreskin retracted slightly and the main veins on the side throbbing gently.
"I think that's enough Jenny!" I said and she said okay. She stated her hands were covered in oil so she would rub it off on my chest so as not to waste it. I told her I'd need a minute as she stood and walked around in front of me. "Hello Sailor!" She said when she saw my erection. "Did little old me do that?" I nodded and turned to face the pool house as I didn't think anybody else had noticed yet. Jenny followed my motion and we stood face to face, my erection only a foot away from her. Without asking she rubbed her hands on my chest to get off most of the oil but her eyes were locked on my penis the whole time.
I reached down to rearrange myself a little and Jenny said the pool house change room was empty if I need to take care of myself. I said to her that I couldn't believe I'd been spied on. Jenny said it was a sexual awakening for her and I asked if she knew who the other people were who'd seen me jerking off. She said she didn't know if it was her secret to tell. I told her not to be a bitch and tell me, that it wasn't fair. She came closer and whispered two names into my ear, both girls I had taken many classes with in High School, both of whom were hot and who I had jerked off over after I had seen them in their bikinis in Mary-Anne's pool. She assured me it was a secret and as far as she knew none of them ever spoke of it outside the group of girlie voyeurs.
I was still hard and I decided that Jenny was actually being quite kind. She asked if I would mind if she finished the job in hand and do my front too. I asked about Charles and she said he wouldn't mind. She said provided no dick into mouth, pussy or ass ever took place they were open to pretty much anything in their relationship. I agreed to her doing my front, expecting her to finish my chest but she went right for my dick and balls, smothering them in oil and then 'playing' with them. I say playing as she didn't jerk me off, but moved her hands all over, a stroke would happen but there was no return stroke. She would move between cock and balls, manipulating both in her hands and making me incredibly horny. To make it worse she started to explain the whole peeking thing from when we were 17. I stood silently as she told me how they would take turns looking at boys changing, but that I was the prize because I would usually jerk off too. She said another boy had jerked off once, but I was a sure thing every time.
I was throbbing as she continued to massage my dick and balls with one hand and covering the rest of my body with the other. Jenny then told me she would regularly go into the same room to play with her pussy, hoping and praying that I, or one of the other boys, would peek in at her. I said the thought never crossed my mind but that with hindsight it made sense that we might have done, teenage boys being teenage boys. Jenny said she would get herself off and keep a sly eye on the window for movement but it never came, even though she did. This made us both laugh. I told Jenny she needed to stop as I was going to cum if she didn't leave my dick alone. She asked how close I was and I said better to stop now. She squeezed my balls once to the point of where it caused me mild pain, then let go. I cursed at her and she said it was for the best and would help me calm down. Jenny then got on her knees in front of me to finish the fronts of my legs, from behind I worried it would look like she was blowing me, but she too likely thought that and shuffled her body to one side so it was clear she wasn't.
"Finished!" She said and stood back up, wiping her hands on a towel and putting the oil back into her purse. Jenny then suggested we get more drinks as we were both without one and I said that whilst I really needed a drink I should wait for 'this' to go down so as not to cause a scene. "Nonsense, it's a natural thing for a man to get an erection and I'd be more insulted if you hadn't got hard!" I said I didn't want to flaunt it and she said I should be proud of it, adding that, all oiled up, it looked wonderful and was glistening in the sun.
I laughed and said I couldn't. I hardly knew those two Navy ladies, and what about Charles and Brad. Jenny suggested that the men had likely seen plenty of hard dicks in porn and the women had probably seen plenty of naked guys during their time in the Navy with their jobs. Jenny then telling me that Maxine had told her a story of pulling two Marines off hookers mid fuck once because they were AWOL. I still said I wasn't really up for this but she grabbed me by the arm and pulled me towards the others. I stood fast and her grip slipped off my oily arm. She looked at me with a stern expression and said, "Hey Mister! You're coming with me!" I pleaded with her and she simply said I was going to get a hard-on at some point, why not get it over and done with.
Chapter 15 – Games
I gave in. Maz, Jenny and Elena have now already seen me hard, and it wasn't even like this was a first for me this week. I had nothing else to lose so let Jenny walk me to the others arm-in-arm. We approached the deck where everybody else was now congregated sipping drinks and talking. As we approached Elena was the first to look over and she called out, "Jenny that's not fair. You cheated!" I was confused as we merged into the group, my oily hard penis leading the way. We were now stood in a circle and Jenny was again accused of cheating. Charles asked what she had done to cheat, totally ignoring the elephant in the room, that sounds like I am bragging, but you know what I mean.
Jenny said she didn't cheat at all. The rules said nothing about doing something natural that needed to be done to avoid Tony getting a sunburn. She went on to say it would be irresponsible to allow me to burn, particularly on my penis which isn't used to the sun yet. I simply said, "WAIT!" and everybody looked my way. I asked what was happening here, that I felt out of the loop, and what the fuck was happening for Jenny to have cheated? Maz stepped forward and put her hand to my cheek as she apologised and said the girls were bored earlier and came up with a little competition. I said that I felt exploited a little here, my erection bumping her hip as she stepped closer and apologised, but said it was just a bit of fun.
I'm not an idiot and had guessed as to why Jenny had won, she had got me hard. I asked Maz if this was now done or were there more 'games' we should be aware of. She looked around the circle of people and realised we were the centre of attention, something I think actually she was a little embarrassed about it. Elena stepped forward and whispered in my ear. "Where would the fun be if we did that Tony?" Elena grabbed Mary-Anne by the arm and pulled her away from me, leaving the rest of group stood in an awkward silence. It must have been nearly a minute of silence and I was about to suggest it was time I went home when Charles jumped to my rescue and suggested I went for a swim to get rid of my 'little situation'.
It was a good plan but I stood motionless for a bit. Thankfully the 'officers club' stepped forward, took an arm each and led me to the pool. In unison they said not to worry and that they would look after me. When we arrived by the pool Maxi lifted her dress over her head to reveal a simple white bikini, her muscular physique offset by her firm tits and ample butt. She saw me looking her over and gave me a friendly thump, followed by a "HEY! Eyes front Sailor!". Maxi then proceeded to shove me into the deep end of the pool, bombing in after me and giving me a face full of water as I came up for air. I swam away just as I saw Kayla also bombing in on me. She leapt over my head and I followed her body as she flew past, almost as if in slow motion, before she too created a huge wave that swamped me.
Soon Charles had also dived in and Jenny was stripping off her dress to reveal a bright pink one piece with a built-in skirt piece. She sat on the side and slid into the pool and started to chase Charles towards the shallow end as he cautiously kept one stroke ahead. I too swam towards the shallow end but Maxi pounced and dunked me under the water in a playful manner. I broke the surface and got two good strokes in before she landed on me again, dunking me then letting go so I could come up for air. I made another two strokes and, predicting a third dunk, dived under before Maxi could get me again. I had thwarted her attempted dunk, but not to be outdone she grabbed my ankle and lifted it up which spun me around and had me flapping to stay afloat, she let go and before I could twist upright dunked me again.
I was now in water shallow enough to stand so pushed with my feet into an upright position, arranging my stance for the next impending attack. Maxi was gone though. I looked over to see Jenny and Charles kissing in the corner, Kayla swimming towards me and Brad lining up a dive at the far end. I spun in place and couldn't see Maxi at first, that is until she shot out from under the water slightly to my left like a killer whale at Sea-World. I tried a sidestep but the water slowed me down too much and she jumped onto my back, wrapping her legs around my waist. Maxi bear hugged me and, pushing her face into my neck, tried to shake her weight to one side in an effort to put me off balance. I withstood the first two shakes and waded three more steps to shallower water in an attempt to escape. I felt Maxi fully wrap her legs around me and her foot bashed into my erection, Maxi's legs then pressing it from pointing up to a ninety-degree position. Maxi didn't seem to be bothered by my hard dick that was sitting between the vee of her lower legs, the shaking motion of her body making my dick slide back and forth in the vee. This motion on my dick was very nice indeed, but I wasn't wanting to shoot my load from it.
Kayla had now caught up with us but wasn't sure what to do, settling with a few flat palms pushing water into my face. "You're going over!" Maxi whispered in my ear as she more vigorously tried to throw me off my feet and under the water. She then shouted at Kayla to help her get me down and to stop fucking about. Kayla stood upright and simply said; "Fuck you bitch. Can't you even get this mechanic over. How do you manage a 250lb 6ft Marine?"
Maxi saw the red mist at this I think and said I should go down and make it easy on myself. I defied her attempts one more time and I thought she was about to give up as her bear hug let go, one hand going under and around my arm. I used this to shake myself and try to dislodge Maxi from my back and I got another whisper. "Big mistake buddy!" Next I felt a thud of pain as Maxi grabbed at my balls and squeezed them roughly, then twisted a little to press home her authority. I went down like a fat kid on a seesaw, the breath being pushed from me as Maxi squeezed harder. As I went under the water Maxi let go of me completely and flipped to one side as I drifted off grabbing my tender balls.
I broke the water and saw 'The officers club' shoulder to shoulder in front of me laughing their heads off at me. I realised that Kayla was topless, her firm C-cups with small perky nipples pointing out at me. They almost looked like she'd had a boob-job against the rest of her lean frame but my sixth sense assured me they were real. As my eyes lifted to Kayla's she smiled and said "Yes they are real!" I smiled and then looked at Maxi, telling her that hurt. "Next time go down!" she said simply. It was said in such a way that I should have known to go down and got what I deserved. Kayla followed up to say that as a Marine MP the rules were somewhat grey when it came to subduing a suspect in certain situations.
Brad paddled over and I clocked him checking out Kayla's tits and making the same mental decisions I had made just moments before. "Yes. They are real!" I said and the 'officers club' laughed. I realised my dick was still rock hard and didn't seem to have any intention of going down just now. The four of us then were distracted by a slap followed by a squeal. We looked over to see Charles and Jenny walking out of the pool and it looked like Charles had slapped Jenny on the buttocks and she was turning towards him with a mischievous look on her face. Charles made his escape and started to run away from her, his erection pointing out in front of him confirmed he was indeed a grower. The difference in size between his soft and hard states seemed almost unreal. Jenny chased after him but she would never catch him.
Seeing her plight, 'the officers club' jumped into action, swimming over to the steps and out like an alarm had gone off for action stations. Brad and I watched as Charles was hunted down by the three women; and was soon corned, surrendering by putting his arms in the air. Maxi approached and, having slipped a leg behind him, pushed him off balance and onto his side. Jenny grabbed his ankles, Kayla one wrist and Maxi the other. They stretched him out and lifted him up amongst fits of laughter from all four of them. Elena had come over to assist but wasn't seemingly needed so she waited until Jenny offered up his other ankle. Then had him two feet off the floor and spread-eagled, his erection pointing skyward as they shuffled him towards the pool.
Maz also wanted in on this game and sauntered over to them. Brad asked me what they were going to do next and I just shrugged my shoulders, this party was already far from predictable, so I wasn't about to second guess these women. Charles was totally helpless in the grasp of these four women as Maz arrived and put a finger to her chin denoting that she was thinking what to do with the poor guy. Jenny asked her to swap places and they carefully manged to switch without dropping him, Charles suggesting that if they are going to throw him in the pool they do it now.
Jenny ran over to her bag, collected the tanning oil and ran back again, kneeling next to him and leaned over to give him a kiss. Elena said he was getting heavy and the others agreed so Jenny told them to move to the area around the pool, to lower him gently but not to let him go free. The women did as they were told and Jenny moved with them, pulling a cushion off a poolside chair and placing it under her knees. Charles still wasn't seeming to struggle or make any attempt to escape. I don't know if this was due to giving in or knowing what to expect. Brad and I waded over to the edge of the pool for a better view.
Jenny smothered him in oil, way too much in my opinion, pouring it over his belly then moving down and pouring more over his erection. I chuckled at myself for thinking Jenny was a poor judge of the volume of oil needed, then realised it was because this wasn't just for his suntan. She spent a minute covering his body with the slick liquid, eventually her hands making their way to his dick and balls. At first she just massaged his balls gently with one hand whilst pressing her palm into his cock head with the other.
What sounded like a big Harley drove past outside, the heavy grumble of the torquey engine resonating around the garden. As it faded into the distance, I realised that everything was now very quiet except for the squelch of oil between skin and the water sloshing against the side of the pool. Everybody was watching Jenny give her man a slow hand-job and then I realised the need to hold him down was totally a waste of energy. He was going nowhere. Jenny expertly used two hands in alternating, regular motions on his dick from tip to balls. It looked like it must have felt good. I felt motion to my side and Brad was slowly jerking off under the water, small waves being generated by the motion of his shoulder.
Jenny worked her magic for a good ten minutes before Charles started to groan, making it clear he was close to coming. Jenny said something to the women holding his legs but it was in a low voice and she went on to say more but it was hushed and said with urgency. Elena and Mary-Anne semi stood and lifted Charles' legs up and into the air until he was doubled over and our view was now just his back. Brad athletically pressed on the side of the pool and lifted himself out of the water, walking around for a better look, his erect big dick leading the way. I to climbed out and moved around as well, standing next to Brad, my erection also pointing out in front of me, just not as far.
Charles was doubled over and Jenny appeared to be aiming his dick at his head as his groans became louder. Charles had done well to last this long and as he was nearing his orgasm Jenny looked quickly over at Brad and I before saying to Charles, "Open wide honey!" He obeyed without hesitation and Jenny slowed her strokes just before he started to shoot his load. The first shot hit his left cheek and Jenny made a slight alteration to his trajectory in time for the second shot to hit his top lip, the third and fourth impressive shots achieving a 'swoosh' into his wide-open mouth. Small droplets continued to drip out of his dick as the thick cum slid from his lip into his mouth. Charles made a swallowing action and Jenny told him what a good obedient boy he was. Jenny then asked Kayla to push the first, and biggest, load of cum from his cheek to his mouth as her own hands were to oily.
I thought Kayla might be weirded out but she wasn't and, carefully using two fingers, scooped up the cum and pressed it to his lips. It took two goes to get it all and Jenny demanded he suck Kayla's fingers clean of his sticky man slop. Again, without question, he did as he was told and sucked her fingers clean, his tongue coming out to show it was covered in cum then he sucked on her fingers for a few seconds, Kayla letting out a giggle like it was tickling her.
The women lowered Charles back down, stood up and looked our way. Charles just lay there spent and savouring his recent orgasm, small smears of cum glinting in the sun on his upper lip and cheek as it dried. Brad was still Jerking-off very slowly, but I was just stood there with my dick pointing up to the sky and throbbing.
"Who's next?" Jenny said as she came over to us. Brad and I looked at each other, neither of us wanting to volunteer for a mouthful of our own cum. "Don't make it so we have to hold you down boys!" She continued as she got within a half meter of where we stood. Brad stopped touching himself and Mary-Anne came up behind Jenny. She told us not to panic and that Jenny was just teasing us. I don't think she was but she backed off a little and whispered into Maz's ear. Maz nodded and came over, pushing between us and turning so we were in a line with her a half step ahead. She then reached back and grabbed my dick, feeling down until she got to my balls and grabbed them tightly. I'm not sure if it was luck or skill but it was at the point where it was light pain but bearable, anything much more though and I'd be crying out in agony. I assumed she had done the same to Brad as he let out a gasp of air moments later.
Mary-Anne then pulled us by our balls towards the house and the two sun loungers on the deck, shoving us both down so we were laid out, one on each lounger. The others had followed, except Charles who must still be laid out by the pool out of sight, and formed a semi-circle in front of us. Maz ran off saying for nobody to move, as Jenny wiped her hands on a towel. Maz returned less than two minutes later with a small red velvet bag the size of a dinner plate. She undid two tie strings and showed the women the contents. Each one smiled in turn and looked over to Brad and I after as if they had been shown a bag of weapons and deciding which was best. Jenny reached in and pulled out a dildo. It was a real looking type about seven inches long with a pair of balls fixed at the bottom.
I think Jenny had ruined the surprise and Maz snatched it back and returned it to the bag. She then pulled out two sets of handcuffs and some black material. One set of cuffs had pink fluffy bracelets the other orange fluffy bracelets, but I couldn't see what the black material was. Mary-Anne gave the bag to Maxi and whispered into hear ear, then came and knelt in the narrow gap between the loungers. Brad and I didn't move, our erect dicks still pointing up as she again grabbed us by the balls, this time a little firmer and we both groaned. She told us to not move unless told to do so or she would squeeze and for a brief moment squeezed and let go, Brad flinching forward as it happened before laying back with a thud.
There was then a commotion as Maxi handed out items with instructions to each woman. First the back of my lounger was lifted and locked at about thirty degrees; then my arms were cuffed behind me in the void between the raised back piece and the frame; lastly a thick velvet blindfold was put over my eyes as Kayla whispered in my ear that this was going to be fun, but that if I couldn't cope to shout out 'Santa Clause' and they would stop. She continued to whisper that it might actually feel like Christmas though! Mary-Anne then released my balls and it went quiet again. Footsteps were around me and the girls were doing stuff, but that I was their prisoner and at their whim was all I knew. Oh, and that I was horny as fuck!
Chapter 16 – More Games
I had butterflies. Despite the madness of the last few days I hadn't just lost all inhibitions and standards overnight. I was scared, horny and apprehensive, but not worried. I genuinely felt that if Santa was needed to save the day they would honour it and not make me do something beyond my comfort zone or pain barriers.
Next to me I heard Elena whispering and I think it was with Brad. There seemed to be some kind of argument but no matter how hard I strained my hearing I was at a loss to what was being said by Elena. Brad was speaking loudly with one word replies and he had a negative tone in his voice. Eventually though it went quiet and then the girls I think left the area to talk. They were clearly in a heated discussion about something then Brad said "Easter Bunny, Easter Bunny!" and somebody ran over. There was more whispering then the sound of additional motion and I think Brad was being released. Next thing I know something goes over my ears and seconds later I hear narration. I was listening a woman with a sexy voice telling a sex story. It must have been skipped to a middle point as it had no intro, just directly telling me how she was getting fucked in glorious detail, a sexy audiobook I assumed.
My senses were now on fire and concentrating on the words was a little difficult despite her describing how she was riding her man cowgirl, describing in detail the sensation of his big dick stretching her pussy as she ground up and down. It was a hot story for sure but I was more concerned with the real word. I think they must be noise cancelling headphones because during pauses and quiet seconds I could hear nothing from the real world.
I was revived when I felt vibrations on my thigh, then my other thigh. The source of this I guessed to be a vibrator from the red velvet bag, the sensations moving up my body and making me have an involuntary shudder. I went to move my position having forgot I was cuffed in place and achieved nothing, so I lay back and relaxed, the vibrations now on my inner thigh and heading towards my balls. I felt hands on my legs and they were parted so that my legs came off the lounger at the knee and my feet planted on the floor. I felt somebody touching my balls, moving them from under me and moving them forward so that they were more fully exposed.
My heart rate was definitely increasing, and the vibrations were now on my balls. It was nice, not a familiar sensation, but pleasant. I then felt contact on my left nipple, at first I couldn't guess what it was, then I realised it must be a tongue, the warm softness tracing the outside, sucking it inwards, followed by flicks, then repeated. Again very nice. Whoever it was didn't stop as I then felt something on my dick, liquid I thought, but was hard to know. Whatever it was is ran down the shaft onto my balls and making me flinch again. Within a few seconds though I felt a mild burning and tingling sensation, icy but not exactly cold. The next sensation was familiar though. Not as familiar as I would like but definitely a mouth on my dick.
I was still taking in the story in my ears. The woman had now had her first orgasm but wanted more so had jumped off her man and they were now in a 69 position. She described in detail the shape and throbbing of his dick as she licked it carefully, making sure not to make him cum before she was ready for him to do so. She was jumping between this and describing the sensations of her mans' tongue as it pressed at her sensitive clit, then poked between her folds. It was an amazing story and I tried to take it all in despite my own situation.
The mouth soon went away from my dick and I felt more liquid, the same icy yet warm sensation, followed by a warm wet mouth and tongue. In my mind I was wondering if it was a different mouth as the sucking and tongue motion was different this time. I said out loud that I wasn't sure Penny would approve of this, but the sensations didn't stop. Another mouth attacked my other nipple but with a different approach, more nibbles and light bites together with tongue flicks. The mouth on my dick was replaced with the liquid again and then the mouth returned soon after and this mouth was definitely more eager. I couldn't be sure but I was thinking the ladies were taking turns on my dick.
The story in my ears moved on to the next phase and now her man was on top and ramming into her with long deep strokes. She explained in prolonged detail how he would pull to the point where just the tip was inside her then push forward and in to move his length across her clit, her slick pussy juice allowing him to do it with ease. I don't know if he was close to coming but I was. I was groaning from deep within as the mass of sensations enveloped me and I opened my mouth to say I was close just as I was kissed; a sloppy, tongue lapping, dirty kiss and I took a moment before I kissed back. I was sucking air in through my nose and my orgasm was reaching the point of no return as the woman narrating the story described how her orgasm was growing too.
It hit me like a train and we came together. The narrator expressing her orgasm in a way only a woman could, in a way that had my head spinning through my own orgasm. I was grunting and groaning as I felt myself cum into the willing mouth that didn't let go as I let spurt. The mouth slid back as I let go a second and third shot so just the tip was covered but a hand was now on my shaft milking the last of my orgasm out. It was a most glorious orgasm for sure and I felt my shoulders going limp in the chair as I relaxed. The kissing then stopped for a moment and I was able to gasp a few big lungful's of air before the kissing resumed.
The kiss was very different. In two ways. Firstly the lips were thinner and softer, the kiss more delicate, and as the tongue flicked into my mouth I got a taste of something thick and salty. It didn't take me long to realise I was tasting my own cum, my instinct was to pull away but hands went behind my head and held the kiss pressed tighter, more of my cum being pushed into my mouth. We played a game of tongues as I tried to push more back into her mouth, but it wasn't making much of a change. As quickly as I swished some of the thick liquid into her I got the same in return as my tongue retreated and I eventually had to swallow some.
As our kissing began to slow and she would pull away, re-engage and pull away again as I felt hands on my dick again. I was evidently still hard, but my orgasm had left me very sensitive so the hands stroking me made me wriggle. I don't think any of the last minute or two of story had registered and it was now just words in my ears as somebody started to jerk me off quite roughly. It was a real pleasure pain moment and I was twisting my hips to try and escape, loud grunts coming out of my mouth as I considered calling out 'Santa Clause'. I was just a few seconds away when it suddenly stopped.
I realised the vibrations had now gone and I had the taste of cum in my mouth, the kissing had now stopped, and my nipples were now left alone, one of them tingling from the biting it had received. The heat on the blindfold was making me sweat and I had a few itches, all these sensations were likely there but my brain was overloaded during my sexual explosion, masking these lesser sensations. The story was now telling of packing a suitcase for a trip to Europe and not so erotic, but the female narrators husky southern drawl was sexy as hell.
I lay there listening to the story for another ten minutes with nothing else happening. I was alone and had no clue what was going on around me. The story went off at a tangent as she recounted her last trip to Europe, describing how she loved the nude beaches and laying out with her legs spread wide for all the men to see her pussy, watching them through her mirrored sunglasses, loving how they slow down or come close to get a good view. As the story came back to the original timeline where she was deciding if she would need to pack more than one swimsuit, the headphones came off, quickly followed by the blindfold.
Chapter 17 – Replaying youth
I had to shut my eyes, the bright sun shining in on me as I felt the cuffs being released behind me. I pulled my arms around and realised they were sore and I spent the next minute loosening up my shoulder muscles as my eyes began to adjust to the light. I sat up and spun to the side to compose myself, my legs and thighs also aching from the long period wedged in place.
"You okay babe?" It was Mary-Anne. I looked over and she was sat opposite me on the lounger where Brad had been. I said I was all a bit with the fairies and in need of coming back down to earth. She laughed and put her hand on my knee. I was looking around and asked where everybody was. She explained that Elena and Brad had left half an hour ago and everybody else left just now. "It's just the two of us!"
I stood shakily and walked over to the cooler of drinks and found an ice cold Pepsi Zero. I downed half the bottle in three big gulps, then sipped it as I walked about the garden slowly to regain my composure. Maz followed me. "That was that fun?" she stated. I just looked at her and said it was one of the most incredible experiences of my life, but I was feeling guilty that Penny would not be happy about it. Maz laughed and said it was Penny who had suggested much of it. I stopped dead in my tracks and looked at her quizzically. "Honestly!" Maz went on to say that Elena had suggested making you guys get your kit off. I sent Penny an eMail and she was really keen on it. She went on to say that Penny had added some rules but blow-jobs and hand-jobs were allowed as were some photos. Maz quickly said she sent a few pics of me tied up to Penny but none of them showed my face or anything.
I realised I was still nude and suddenly felt very self-conscious which I think Mary-Anne picked up on. She checked I was okay and I said I was, but it was all a bit of a haze. She laughed and we continued our slow walk around the garden and I started to ask her who had kissed me with a mouthful of cum. Maz kept quiet and I stopped again. Maz didn't stop though so I jogged two steps to catch up and asked her again, but she just smiled and said it was a secret. I nagged at her for another minute but she said I should accept that the mystery will make it a better memory. She did say though that they were pouring shots of tequila onto my hard dick and some of them were taking turns to suck it up; this of course now made total sense of those hot and cold sensations
I then asked who had jerked me off after I had cum as it was sore. She made a mess of hiding that it was her, coming up with such a stupid excuse of a reason it's not worth recounting it. I asked her how she would feel if roles were reversed and she just shrugged. Maz asked me if I had liked her friends and was it nice to see Jenny again, was I glad I had come. We chatted into the night, me still nude and she in her swimsuit. Twice I got involuntary erections, but I made no effort to hide them, both times Maz saying she wouldn't mind if I wanted to 'take care of myself', but I resisted it. As it got to ten I realised I was getting cold and said perhaps I should go home and call Penny. Maz said sure but asked for one more thing before I left. I asked her to just say it, particularly as we had little to hide from each other now.
"Can you go to the pool house and do your thing?" I looked at her blankly. "I want to watch you again like I did when we were younger!" I was hard in a few seconds. "Your manhood seems keen!" She pointed out and I said okay, but that she would have to return the favour one day. She said maybe, and it wasn't a fob-off, that she would see if she could get the nerve to do it soon, promising she would try her best. I then stood and walked into the pool house. I took a quick shower and washed away the tanning oil, sweat and dry cum from my body; finishing with one of the big fluffy yellow towels that hung from the hooks.
I moved into the back room, turned on the light and closed the door, my erection still alive. I was desperate not to look up to see if she was there but resisted the urge. I wanted her to get the experience she was after and I was happy to oblige. I recounted many a teen jerk-off in this very room as I began to stroke myself hard, like I did as a teen, just desperate to get to the orgasm. My recent orgasm meant that it was a challenge to get myself off fast, even though I stroked myself hard, keen to give Maz a show of it. I managed a quick look out of the corner of my eye and she was there looking in at me, begging the question of how I had missed it all those years ago.
I kept it up until I felt the familiar sensation coming from my balls and didn't hold out or slow down as I would if alone at home jerking off. I let fly a pitiful cum-shot that sprayed out followed by a small ooze of cum. It was a short powerful orgasm and the pain kicked in early as I let go of my sore dick and it bobbed in front of me. I wiped myself with the towel and looked up. Maz was gone and when I left the pool house she was sat where I had left her less than ten minutes before. She said nothing, I said nothing.
Eventually I was asked if I was hungry, Maz suggesting my earlier 'snack' was likely not enough. I gave a fake laugh and said I was very hungry indeed and reminded her she had said there would be burgers and steaks when I was invited. She apologised and said it just got too late and after Brad left with Elena it all went a bit mad. I again said nothing as we walked to the kitchen where she prepared us both a sandwich. Ham, Swiss and pickles with salad and mayonnaise. We both got a beer and sat back at the table together reminiscing about things we'd done years ago, laughing and stating out loud how dumb we were. As we finished our meal the conversation petered out and we sat there taking in the night sky.
We sat in silence for another few minutes before Maz said, "One more idea!" I looked at her, no words needed to convey I wanted her to just say it. "How about a dare for old times' sake as well?" I shrugged my shoulders to say 'yeah whatever'. At this point we both knew I would do pretty much anything she asked me to do.
"I want you to walk home now. And I will bring your stack of clothes back tomorrow after work." It took my brain a few seconds to calculate her words and I questioned it. I said the neighbours were all decent people and I might get seen. She reminded me it was mostly older people around here who'd be glued to their TV screen, not looking out their windows. We argued over the distance too, but did agree is was more than fifteen meters, less than thirty. I suggested I could cut it down by a third if I cut across the lawns, rather than taking the footpaths but Maz said that made the dare too easy. She reminded me neither of us had fully pulled out of any dare before, though some had been concluded as failed or incomplete. I asked her why she had never suggested any nudity based dares years back and she admitted it was a pointless exercise as she'd seen me naked jerking off many times already and assumed if naked dares were put in the pot she'd end up getting a naked dare herself. She asked me in return and I said I was being respectful.
I stood up and said. "Oh Fuck It!" and walked through the house. Maz followed and I heard her unlock her iPhone. Looking back I saw she was taking a video of me 'streak' and I didn't even care. I collected my keys from my trouser pocket, along with my wallet and phone. Then, following a deep breath, walked out the door. Unlike at my house there was no way to see out before the door swung open so I was taking a risk being so bold. I saw nobody, heard no cars and went for it. As I walked briskly home I looked back at Mary-Anne and gave a wave, followed by blowing a kiss. I was brave but still on edge, so I moved fast, ignoring a call from Mary-Anne to slow down a bit. I moved quickly to my front door where I was safe and sound. I doubted anybody saw me either. Easiest dare ever.
I sat naked on the couch and looked at my phone. I had 3 missed calls, a voicemail notification and about 20 WhatsApp and text messages too. I listened to the voicemail and it was friend from work asking for a lift into work the next day as his car wouldn't start, the guy had a ten-year-old Range Rover that broke down more than it didn't. I text him back to say it was fine.
Every other message and two missed calls were from Penny so I called her back. She answered on the first ring and I started with the usual "Hi, how are you!" but Penny started a tirade of questions, not stopping in time to let me answer before asking the next one. She clearly knew what was going on at Mary-Anne's and wanted to know every detail. So I told her. It took over an hour to get it all out and in doing so I felt a weight off my shoulders because Penny was so happy. She kept saying what a good guy I was and how she was so sad she missed it, that she hoped it was fun and eventually said she would fuck me senseless when she got home.
I read some of my book but put it down after twenty minutes, folding over the page where I started because none of it had gone in. My mind was awash with the events of today and I could feel my skin tingling from what I expected might be a mild sunburn. I gave up when I didn't find the TV remote instantly and went to bed. I guessed I would be up all night but I was whacked and woke to my alarm at seven-thirty.