Eric takes Margo to the Bank. Might as well be the Sperm Bank. Everyone wants to make a deposit.
*
"Writing out bills?"
"Going over my finances." Margo lays her chin on her knuckles while peering at her computer monitor. "I really want to turn the central air on, I'm tired of sweating in places I never imagined I could perspire. I'm just so afraid to with this old house, when Darryl was alive the power bills were astronomical. Even with the $1,800.00 you boys are paying me, it scares me to indulge. I'll need every penny for property taxes next year."
"I wish I could offer more but paying you $450 plus my car payment, gas, and food I'm stretched pretty thin."
"I understand that Eric. I'm not asking for more rent. I'm just happy to have you four here fulltime. For more than money's sake." She smirks, "I'm thoroughly enjoying my sex life."
"So are we." He chuckles, "I'm heading into Wildwood to buy a few groceries. Need anything?"
"Everything. My pantry is empty. Maybe I should rent the pantry space out too."
"There is a solution to that Margo. There are rooms in this mansion that could be turned into living space."
"Rent more rooms out? I don't know. Cabot suggested I turn the house into a bed and breakfast. While that sounds like a viable option that would mean I lose you four as tenants. There simply isn't enough bedrooms."
"What about the attic? I noticed you keep it locked."
"No. The attic is off limits. I store...things up there. Very personal things that I won't get rid of."
"Ah! Darryl's stuff."
"Darryl's and mine."
"How about the loft over that eight car garage? It's massive. Hell, I'd live up there. Room for all four of us if need be."
"It does have heat and a full bath up there. I might consider that." She pops her neck trying to get comfortable after sitting too long at her desk. Noting her discomfort Eric steps behind her to rub her neck and shoulders. Wearing one of her off the shoulder dresses that barely clung to her chest she exhales an extravagant sigh of tension fleeing her body. "I love how you boys always come to my rescue."
"We love ya Margo." He kisses her cheek while continuing his massage.
"You know...I haven't set foot in Wildwood since Darryl's funeral. Would you object to my riding along? I could use some fresh air."
"One condition." He pauses as she awaits his decision.
"Yes?"
"You wear that microthin sundress that you came to the bonfire in. Stiletto heels."
"Mmmm! In the sunlight it's nearly sheer."
"When wet it's totally sheer." He laughs.
"That was a bit overwhelming when you boys dumped ice water over Elliot and I. In front of all of those...men."
"They liked it."
"I know this."
"So did you."
"I liked that they saw me all wet and clingy?"
"Admit it."
"Of course I did. That alone convinced me to belly dance for them...mostly you. It was your suggestion after all."
"And, what went through your mind when all of our friends saw you all wet?"
"How wet I was elsewhere." She giggles patting his hand on her shoulder.
"What about when you stripped out of that dress, using the four of us as a human wall to change into your belly dancing outfit?"
"Truthfully? I expected the four of you to expose me. You surprised me by standing firm."
"Was not easy." He sighs heavily, "I wanted to look."
"I would not have been mad if you had looked."
"What would you have done if we had jumped away and let the party see you naked?"
"I don't know. Smile? Panic? Belly dance nude?" She shivers laughing about it. "Of course, if I had done that then I could never have seduced you boys one at a time like I did. Things would have gone quite differently, don't you think?"
"Probably so. What if the guys at the party had stripped you naked?"
"Eric? I really don't think I would have done any of that if I didn't believe you four wouldn't have saved me."
"What if we had just let them strip you?"
"Then I suppose I would have belly danced in the nude."
"Up close and personal?"
"Of course."
"Everyone groping you?"
"Eric? If you're trying to turn me on it's working."
"Answer me."
"Yes. I would have let them all touch me."
"Everywhere?"
"Yes."
"Would you have touched them?"
"I believe so." She swiveled in her chair to face him and palms his crotch, "Eric? Yes, I would have considered fucking some of them."
"Just some?"
"I'll plead the fifth."
"Tell me."
"As many of them that would have wanted me I suppose."
"That would have been all of them."
"Would you have liked to have seen me fuck them all?"
"Raise my rent if I said FUCK YEA?"
"No. Maybe we should consider another bonfire and test my ambition." She rubs his balls through his sweats.
"You'd do it again?"
"As long as you don't tell your friends that I would be so easy. Let it happen naturally."
"Like how you suckered all four of us into thinking only one of us got you without the others knowing the truth."
"Precisely. It's more fun to rile them up and let things just...happen."
"Okay, you've really gotta stop fondling me."
"You don't want me?" She pouts with a puffed lower lip.
"You know I do. I just need to get to town and get things done. Should I drop you by your bank so you can deposit our rent?"
"Yes, I was going to ask that of you. I think what I'll do is give you boys..."
"MEN!"
"You MEN! I can't help myself. As I was saying, I think I'll give each of you deposit slips and just let you deposit the rent on the first of each month. I can do the rest of my banking from home."
"Sounds like a plan Mom." He sticks his tongue out at her, "Just like I can't help calling you Mom on occasion. Besides, we're in Wildwood most every day." Her hand still cupped his balls, her eyes sparkling with lust.
"Fuck it. SUCK MY COCK SLUT."
"If you denied me I would have been very disappointed."
Pulling his sweats lower, his behemoth cock pops free, bobbing in front of her. Easing him back she slips to her knees and nurtures his erection with both hands before swallowing him nearly whole. He was shocked just how much of his mighty seven she took in. Bug eyed and beet red she gagged and fought for ten minutes, until he shot his mother load down her throat.
"Daaaamn you suck a mean cock."
"I'm a perfectionist." She wipes saliva on her wrist as he helps her to her feet. "I adore giving blowjobs."
"Let's go get changed. Wear that dress, no underwear."
"Stiletto heels might look tacky in that dress."
"You choose. You were the fashion model."
"Barefoot?" She wiggles her brows.
"Might not let you into the grocery store. Or, the bank for that matter."
"Do you really think they would turn me away for not wearing shoes?"
"Worth a shot."
"Worth many shots." She sticks her tongue out at him, as he had earlier.
"Let's stop by Kinison Park and fuck right out in the open."
"I'll bring a picnic blanket." She sheepishly grins with a cheek on her shoulder, lashes batting playfully for his imagination to envision people walking around that might see them.
"One more thing..."
"Yes?"
"Don't you think you should drive one of Darryl's cars before they go bad just sitting? I know Elliot went out and started them so the batteries never went..." He locks up not wanting to use the wrong word and depress her.
"Dead? Like my late husband? I'm not so easily offended Eric. Speak your mind."
"Alright! I just think the cars need to be driven. Just like you do."
"Because you want to be seen in a sports car? With a beautiful woman by your side?"
"Guilty on both parts."
"Which car?"
"Convertible Corvette?"
"Have we looked to see how much gas is in it?"
"Good point. I can scrounge up $20 for gas."
"Enough to get there and back. Wind in my hair sounds exciting."
"My hands in your hair sounds really good."
"Tug hard Handsome Eric."
"At the park. Loud as fuck Bitch."
"Make me loud or I refuse." She razzes him.
"Bitch I'm gonna tear that pussy up."
"Promises, promises. I'll believe it when I feel it." She turns away slyly and wiggles from her office toward her bedroom. On her way down the hall that dress came off and she shuffled nude the rest of the way. Eric Crowe nearly busted another nut. That Cougar certainly knew how to prowl.
Less than thirty minutes later Margo paraded down her staircase in that off white albeit sheer sundress, her body hidden, but with a faint tint of tanned flesh. There was no way to mask those deadly nipple erections, her surgeon was a miracle worker. They would live on forever stimulated. For Eric's pleasure she even left a few buttons undone to express the valley between her mountainous terrain. What excited Eric even more? Ruby red lipstick that accented perfect cock sucking lips. The runway model was a runaway model. No stopping her now.
"I know I ask a lot of questions Margo...but..." He rubs his stubble checking her out as her eyes follow his reaction.
"I will always answer your questions, unless I find the topic too personal." She switches shoulders, draping her thin chain purse beneath her left armpit.
"Long before we were roommates, just Elliot's friends...did you check us out like we do you now?"
"On occasion. I'll admit my curiosities. I didn't think too much on the subject because I truthfully never expected to get too close to any of you."
"When did your thoughts on us being lovers start?"
"I suppose when you boys...men, proposed moving in here to help me. While yes I can certainly use the money the thoughts of four young studs all to myself excited me."
"The day before Elliot's party...when you sent me that belly dancing video from poolside...you were sunbathing nude weren't you?"
"I was." She admitted with a sly grin.
"Did you touch yourself when we spoke over the cell?"
"You know I did."
"I presumed you did but, wasn't sure."
"Eric!" She frowns, "We both know that I masturbated talking to all four of you. Those calls were timed too perfectly not to have been planned."
"You didn't hear it from me." He laughs, "Yeah, we all wondered what you would do. Elliot told us you were gonna lay out so we gave you time to relax before calling."
"I had a sneaky suspicion. I got really turned on talking to you boys while playing. It was difficult not to admit I was, let alone hide my moans."
"You sure put on a good show over the phone. Our first phone sex."
"Not really. None of you masturbated with me."
"Yeah, four guys sitting around without you to watch, it would have looked gay."
"Why do you think I sent pictures of my legs, and video of my belly dancing? It was all I was willing to offer until I knew for certain where everyone stood. At first I had mixed feelings over my desires but after the bonfire I knew I wanted you boys."
"So the truck ride to Philly you wanted to...?"
"Fuck you all? Yes and no. That day as I've said before was emotional. I sat on your laps just to know how badly you all wanted me. I allowed the massaging just to see how all of you would react."
"Massive hardons gave us away, huh?"
"Yours especially if I recall...you let me sit on your uncovered cock. I knew Eric, I just kept it to myself. What possessed you to lower your sweatpants and take that risk? Elliot was sitting right next to me."
"I knew skin on skin would be noticed. You didn't freak out so I just let it ride."
"I might have ridden it if Elliot had not been there." She giggled, "I pictured it."
"We all thought about trying that on the way home."
"Letting me sit on your laps with your dicks out?"
"Yep."
"Mmmm! That might have ruined everything."
"You'd have been mad?"
"Hardly. I meant the separate seductions as you each moved into my home. Just like at the fire if I had sampled you in Brian's truck, the magic would not have been there."
"What made you take your panties off after we pulled over so you could take a piss on the interstate?"
"I decided on taking them off before we ever left the house. My curiosity needed to know if you boys could be trusted enough not to just take me then and there."
"If you hadn't fallen asleep we might have. Crazy thing is, we really do respect you, even though we want you all the time." He watches Margo go to a key bowl by the front door and selects the Corvette ignition key. Wiggling it before his eyes she tosses it at him.
"Well now you have me all the time. So far, I'm feeling very respected. Shall we go?"
"You forget your shoes?"
"Not wearing any. I'm going to prove a point." She winks opening the door. Stepping out into the sunlight her dress proved yet another point, Margo Needy walked essentially nude all the way to the garage. That sundress hid nothing. Eric's whistles made her dance about and express that life was good.
"I hope nobody calls the cops after seeing you streaking."
"Can I tell you a secret Eric?" She walks backwards while speaking.
"Please do."
"Every man in Wildwood has wanted me at one time or another. Darryl flaunted me in dresses like this. You just watch their reactions today, you'll see what I mean."
"I can believe that. So...Darryl liked to show you off?"
"Trophy wife...with zero tarnish."
"What about the women of Wildwood?"
"What about them?"
"Did they ever give you hell for turning their men on?"
"Not to my face. They all wanted Darryl." She laughed.
"Now that Darryl is gone do you think that might have changed?"
"I suppose we'll find out."
Reaching the garage they enter through a side door. Instead of turning on a light in the gloom she hits a garage door opener in front of Darryl's black Corvette convertible. Daylight revealing the beauty of multiple cars she took a moment to trail fingertips over the car's exterior.
"Need a minute?" Eric watched her.
"Thirty seconds. Memories is all. I loved our rides in this car. I would..." She nibbles her lower lip, eyes brightening toward Eric, "Darryl would make me ride naked and show me off to truck drivers. I adored making him happy." A brief frown she sighs, "With Darryl dying in a car crash that seems so wrong now. Even back then he swerved looking over at me far too many times. I'll admit the thoughts now are not so delightful."
"So no nude road trip today?"
"Maybe on the way home. Let my nerves settle a bit. Can we just...enjoy the drive?"
"Absolutely. No pressure Margo. Even if you don't do it, I'm fine. We forgot the picnic blanket."
"One in every trunk." She pats the car lovingly.
"Darryl always planned ahead, huh?"
"More than I'll let you in on." She winks and pats the passenger side door, "Are you going to be a Gentleman and open my door?"
"Oh, yeah! I can do that." He darts to her side and opens it with a courteous swagger, "After you Milady."
"Brownie points Mr. Crowe." She sits down letting him see up her dress. That pussy was smiling back. Once inside he shuts her door and journeys around the front bumper. Hopping in she eases her seat back and smiles at him with her eyes. After a nervous glint, he starts the car, it fired up without resistance.
"Almost a full tank of gas." Eric notes.
"Pull outside the garage then we can put the top down." In gear he vacates the dusty gloom of the garage and stops just beyond the entrance. Margo looking back uses a button programmed into a visor shutting the garage door. Once closed she unhooks the canvas clamps and ignites the retraction mode. Sunlight once again made her dress transparent. Looking her over Eric shakes his head and grins.
"We're so going to get arrested. Of course. there's more than one reason that might happen."
"Oh?"
"I noticed back when Elliot was still here that all of your cars have expired stickers on the plates."
"I hadn't even thought of that. With money tight I put way too many things off. The cars were not that urgent seeing as I don't drive. I wouldn't let Elliot take them out either. After Darryl I worried too much about losing my son the same way. Well...do we risk getting a ticket for the expiration?"
"Up to you. Hot as you are maybe the cops will just give us a warning."
"Unless the Wildwood Police force has changed I highly doubt that." She wiggles her brows, "If anything they might want to strip search me."
"You and Darryl know them that well?"
"Well enough. All of Wildwood was supportive and proud of my husband. Many of them came to me after his funeral and told me if I ever needed anything. ANYTHING! They would be there for me."
"Words of guys that wanna fuck you." Eric chuckles.
"I'm not naïve Eric. I know they do." She wiggles her eye brows at him, "This is why I'll get away with everything."
"So to avoid being arrested you'd fuck a cop?"
"Let's hope it doesn't...come to that. It would not be..." She ends her conversation unfinished for the better, pointing toward the road, "The wind awaits."
Hitting the gas Eric stirs up dust. He didn't apologize for it. Fast cars were every man's dream. Next to fast landlady's. Two dreams for the price of rent. With timber aligning both sides of the road leading in and out the sun became lost then found hundreds of times before reaching the main road four miles away. In that time the topic of conversation became juicier still. Eric was on a roll.
"I gotta know..." He looks at her as she holds her wind swept hair from her sunglasses, "Were you and Darryl...swingers?"
"I'm not going to tell you every gory detail of our sex life." She blushes a bit, "We...had our agreements."
"Meaning he let you play with other guys? You let him play with other girls?"
"Mostly me with other men. Darryl liked to...watch."
"Fuck me!" Eric rubs his crotch trying not to stare at her. "You like being the exhibitionist?"
"Of course. Why do you think I agreed to belly dance for all of your friends. I knew the risks."
"Can we really have another party and see what happens?"
"As long as that rule I set is followed. You cannot warn them ahead of time that I'm willing to go all the way. Promise me that and yes."
"As fun as that sounds I think I kind of want to have you to ourselves." He confesses.
"And, I am fine with the four of you. You all satisfy me perfectly."
"Don't let on to Brian you're willing to do that party. I guarantee he'll instigate a huge gangbang."
"Really? Mmmm!"
"You...really want that?"
"I've never gone that far, but Darryl used to talk about it. I would have done anything he wanted of me."
"You should do everything we want of you." He laughs.
"I haven't done that already? I must be missing something. I think I've done everything you've wanted of me so far."
"You know what I mean. FUCK! Now I need to see you gangbanged."
"Then arrange it following my rules. Do not give me that No Boundaries spiel. I'm letting you boys get away with everything else, the least you can do is let me have my own fun."
"I'm good with that. Wildwood city limits up ahead. Bank first?"
"Please. I don't like carrying cash and checks."
"Which bank?"
"Wildwood Federal."
"That's where I bank."
"Good. I want to go inside just to prove my point to you."
"Ummm! My sister Lily works there as a teller."
"Are you embarrassed to have her meet me?"
"No. I just know she's gonna tell my Mom what you're wearing."
"Momma's boy?"
"Landlady's boy." He laughed, "Fuck it. Let's do this."
Six blocks further Eric pulls into the parking lot of Wildwood Federal Bank and Loan. Avoiding the teller drive thru he parks far enough out of sight to prevent his sister from possibly ever seeing them. Hopping out he races around the 'Vette and opens Margo's door for her. In exitting the car she intentionally loitered with one leg out, one still inside to share in her long legs, expressing the most magnificent pussy alive. Her teasing eyes sparkled at his reaction.
"Should I leave my dress in the car?"
"WHAT? NO WAY! You wouldn't even try that...would you?"
"Not today. I wouldn't want your mother breathing down your neck over being seen with me."
"That's cold Margo."
"Really? The clock by the street said it was 98 degrees out."
"God I love you."
"And, I love you. Roomie." She winks and climbs out to stand next to him as he shuts her door. Arm hook extended, she accepts it graciously and the two walk in together. Eric Crowe was high on sexy. Opening yet another door her dress clouded a bit more now that the sunlight wasn't letting her skin tone slip through. Still the dress was barely covering her hips. She hadn't even buttoned those two top buttons back up. Nipples stabbing as if ready to rob the bank.
Once inside she strutted about shamelessly with her bare feet on the carpet. A male bank teller saw her and bulged his eyes. Before he could say anything a tall middle aged man in a business suit stepped from a side office and just happened to look her way.
"Margo?" He spoke without worry of her attire.
"Jacob. It's wonderful to see you again." She scurries to Jacob Overmeyer's side and hugs him, accompanied by a kiss on the cheek. "It's been ages."
"A little over nine months I believe, since Darryl's funeral. You look as delicious as ever."
"So eat me." She winks as he clears his throat leaning forward to whisper.
"Don't tempt me it's almost lunchtime." He then looks over to Eric who attempted to act casual, "Aren't you young Lily's brother?"
"Yep. I drove Margo in to deposit some money into her account. You don't have to bother Lily I know she's busy."
"Eric doesn't want her to see him with a half naked woman."
"Half? I don't see that much skin." Jacob winks.
In response Margo intentionally unbuttons a third button on her dress, "How about now?"
"Not nearly enough my dear."
"Can we have a chat in your office?" She reaches out for Eric pulling him closer. "The three of us?"
"Absolutely. Step right this way."
As Jacob leads them toward his office Margo takes Eric's hand and plants it firmly on her ass, beneath the skirt line. He shakes his head and pinches her instead. A shrill squeal makes Jacob turn to leer over his shoulder, "Everything alright?"
"Better than alright." Eric smirks.
"He loves playing with my ass Jacob."
"Ah! A beautiful ass it is."
Entering the office, Jacob offers them a seat at his desk, before closing the door Margo prompts him with, "Please leave the door open."
"Trying to get me in trouble? I own the bank." Jacob laughs.
"I know. That cute bank teller is looking me over. Should I deny him Jacob?"
"Tyler? No...I suppose not. Even if he is my nephew."
"Keeping me in the family?" She flirts sitting down in a seat which allowed Tyler to look in and see her. Unhappy with the angle she turns her seat to face sideways. Seated with Eric facing the desk she proves that nothing could stop her mischief. "Foot massage Eric." Her right leg lifts high and plants itself over his arm rest. Her other leg wider giving Tyler his own view of paradise.
"As shameless as ever. SO! How is Elliot?"
"Off in France to study."
"Leaving you all alone out there in the boonies?" Jacob frowned.
"Oh, I'm hardly alone. Eric here and three of Elliot's friends are renting out rooms from me. It's nice to have...men around."
"I see. They must keep you busy."
"Busy enough. Jacob? I have a favor to ask of you. Advice if nothing else."
"Oh? How can I be of service?"
"With Darryl gone I've been soul searching. I need a stable income within the next year. One of my boys here suggested that I consider turning our home into a Bed & Breakfast. What are your thoughts on that idea? Would it be worth the risk?"
"Every venture is a risk. Your home would certainly attract attention out there with nature all around you. I would suggest that you have a designer come out and quote you on whatever you might need to start up. I'm quite certain our community would love to add a new business attraction to our already prospering town."
"Would I be able to get a loan for remodeling? I'm sure that zoning laws would permit new room additions. It's not like I live on a small lot."
"That is true."
"Jacob? Your nephew is looking up my skirt."
"Is he now. Should I be jealous?"
"Always." She blows Tyler a kiss then lifts her left leg higher to place it on small table by the door. Hiking her skirt she rubs her clit for his amusement. "Where was I? Oh, yes! The loan." Eric was in rock hard heaven. So was Tyler.
"Well! I'd need to look over your finances. I know that Darryl's money only extends so far. With your job skills limited to modelling it would probably come down to using your property as collateral. Is that a risk you're willing to take? I mean is Elliot alright with this idea?"
"We haven't talked but once since he went to Paris. This idea needed to be mulled over before I decided on talking to my son."
"You should. Being adopted I'm certain he gets a percentage of the properties worth."
"Of course. I think Elliot will want me to be happy." Her pussy was really happy at her lingering fingertips rubbing ever so sensually. Jacob himself had a hard time resisting her, even if his view was not as good as his nephew's.
"If you like I can put you in touch with some contractors after the appraisal, and see what they can offer you. I have a close friend I can send out to appraise the property." Jacob suggests, "You can show him around."
"Thank you Jacob, I'll await your call. I'm going to deposit my money now. Tyler you say?" Her toes reach up to tickle Eric's earlobe making him react with a grin. "Come along Eric."
"Yes Ma'am." He nods at Jacob who adjusts his tie with a wink. Standing, Margo prowls from the office, with Eric right behind her every step of the way. He couldn't resist her ass, her dress slipping amid her crack was mesmerizing.
Eying Tyler, Margo approaches him with purse in hand. Resting her purse on the counter she tempts the young man with a gently trailing finger between her cleavage. Faithfully, his eyes followed her every trace.
"Hello Tyler. I would like to deposit some checks into my checking account."
"I can do that. Name and account number?"
"Margo Needy. Here's my account number." She opens her wallet then strategically drops her ID card on the floor. Bending over her ass crushed right up on Eric's crotch. Eric in his own lost world gripped her by the hips and rolled his eyes back. Tyler understood very well. Standing back up, card in hand, she slides it toward Tyler. "Butter fingers." Behind her Eric lifts her dress up over her bare ass and steps closer to rub his concealed beast over it. She shivered and looked at Tyler, "It's so warm in here today."
Tugging at her unbuttoned cleavage she fans it wide revealing a thin portion of her left areola. Tyler couldn't figure out what he needed to do. "Here are the checks, all signed and ready." Taking them he had to close his eyes to regain focus. Hearing a loud slap and a tender squeal his eyelids whip wide.
"Can you hurry please. I have a picnic blanket waiting on me at Kinison Park...by the fountain." She emphasized with a bit of flirting.
"Tanning?"
"Her ass." Eric dares to slap her cheek again. She merely smiles sheepishly.
"Nice." Tyler nods at Eric with mad respect.
"Tylerrrr? Hurrrry please."
"Oh, right!" A quick deposit and receipt handed over Margo winks at the boy and turns around to claim Eric's arm. As they walk away Eric couldn't resist. He lifted her skirt up over her cheeks to show Tyler faint red marks where he had spanked her. She wiggled without even looking back. She knew he was watching. So was Jacob from his office. So were two other employees, one a middle aged woman.
"Was that Lily Crowe's brother? "The lady glared suspiciously.
"Yup." Tyler shook his head, "Going to use the restroom. Be right back." The woman suspected that he was going to go beat off. "Kids these days." Entering the men's room Tyler stands at a urinal caught between taking a leak and stroking his dick. Hearing the door open behind him he ignores the other person until he stands next to him in a companion piss.
"How'd you like ole' Margo Needy?"
"Pretty fucking hot, Uncle Jacob. She mentioned going to Kinison Park and having a picnic. The way that guy was all over her I think he's the picnic."
"Possibly. Lunch in thirty minutes. Wanna ride out there?"
"Seriously?"
"I'm the cool Uncle."
"You know her?"
"Her husband and I go way back. Let's just say...I know things."
"Ever...?"
"Fuck her? Naaaa! I love your Aunt Lauren too much."
"Tempted?"
"Ohhh yeah!" A wink shared, the two Overmeyer men shake their snakes and wash up.
After leaving the bank, Eric took time to cruise the usual hangouts of friends from school. Downtown there was a circle that cars used to drive when looking for something to do. Sitting on a brick planter were two familiar faces.
"There's Ben and Greg. Remember them from the bonfire?"
"I do."
Pulling over and letting cars pass, Eric toots the horn to get their attention. Jaws dropping they leaped to their feet and raced over to meet them. Margo went into closure mode, not wanting the boys to presume too much that they bragged to others about how openminded she truly was. Therefore she buttoned up, and held a hand over her lap.
"Sup fellas?" Eric nodded.
"Nice ride. New car?" Ben looks it over.
"Used to be Darryl Needy's."
"The car or his ole' lady?" Greg laughed.
"Both." Margo raises a brow, "I felt like a ride."
"Nice dress. Kind of see through." Greg points at her chest.
"Only when the sun hits it...like now." She lowers her shades.
"Where's your belly dancing outfit?" Ben leaned on the opened window looking closer at Margo.
"Did I need to wear it?"
"Well, no. Just making conversation."
"Did you boys enjoy my belly dancing?"
"HELL YES." Both jumped at the question.
"That party was...interesting I'll admit. I had a hard time keeping my skirt on my hips."
"We noticed. It fell to just above your knees. Good thing you have good reflexes, covering up your..."
"Intimate parts?"
"Yeah, those." Ben smirks, "I bet you panicked when that happened."
"Did I look stressed out?"
"Not really." Ben shrugs, "I mean I wasn't exactly looking at your face to see."
"You were too busy looking at my bare bottom."
"What can I say...nice ass."
"Thank you. I work hard to keep my body in perfect shape. Just ask Eric here. I run three miles a couple times a week. Treadmill religiously. Yoga."
"You need anymore roommates?" Greg chuckles, "Workout partner?"
"I could certainly use the money. For now I'm going to say no. That might be an option worth...exploring." She tilts her sunglasses to reveal lustful eyes.
"Awesome."
"Do either of you have jobs?"
"Male strippers." Greg wiggles his eye brows.
"Hmm! Maybe next time we have a fire you two can wear my belly dancing outfit."
"G-speedos." Eric busts up.
"You would prefer to see them wearing speedos?" She glares at Eric.
"Wait! What? Nooo. Not what I meant."
"I like speedos on men comfortable in their sexuality." She recalls Eric having one in a box the day she helped him move in.
"What's a speedo?" Greg winced.
"The opposite of weirdo, Moron." Ben chuckles.
"Eric? Take me to the park. I want to lay out." Hearing her request Ben and Greg look at Eric for a reaction.
"Picnic blanket here she comes." Eric waves, "See you guys around." Pulling away safely Eric looks over at Margo, "You know they're following us to the park right?"
"On their skateboards? Bicycles? Bus pass?"
"You're hilarious. Wildwood doesn't have buses. Trust me they're gonna get there somehow."
"I'm counting on that."
"Oh yeah?"
"Eric?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm really horny. I think I'll sunbathe nude and masturbate for you. Is that alright?"
"Might fuck you."
"Not today. I know we discussed that, raincheck? Today I just want to be a showoff."
"For my buddies back there?"
"For anyone who watches me."
"Maybe I'll take a walk while you do that. Let people think you're all alone."
"Mmmmm! I like that. My bodyguard behind the tree."
"Stroking his tree trunk." He jests.
"Naughty pine? Faster Eric."
"I haven't even started jerking off."
"The car silly."
"I'm doing the speed limit. Expired sticker remember? Ohhhh! Okay." Accelerator pushed they reached the park in record time. Pointing out the large fountain that added décor to the rustic park, Eric found a parking spot near it and turns the car off. Trunk popped from inside the car, the two of them got out and met at the opened compartment. Inside the trunk was a suitcase.
"Was Darryl planning on taking a trip?"
"No. In all of our cars we kept a travel luggage. Trust me." Her beguiling grip led to unclicking the suitcase and opening it. First thing out was a red and white picnic blanket. "You take this out there where it's nice and sunny. I'll bring the rest."
"On it." Eric sprints out toward the freshly cut grass and chooses a spot near the fountain. As he set about unfolding the blanket Margo procured some toys from the case. Hidden behind a false wall was a rubber dildo and a pair of stiletto heels. When Eric brought up heels earlier she knew she had some in every car. Darryl's must wear list. Putting them on before leaving the trunk she eyed other things in her case. Sighing at the artifacts within she pouts, "This is for you Darryl. I loved our little adventures."
Dildo hidden behind her back she leaves her purse in the trunk and begins an awkward walk through the lawn. Seeing her in heels Eric whistles loudly.
"You were never leaving home without shoes were you?"
"Stripper heels were Darryl's favorite. Eric?"
"Yeah?"
"Take the car and park way over there by the tree line. I'm going to do this for your friends, if they show."
"I thought you didn't want any of them to know you were so easy. What If they don't show?"
"Then, I want to spend time with Darryl."
"Huh?"
She reveals the dildo to him. "This was cast from Darryl's penis. Every toy I own was designed the same way. That way I never forget how he felt. It's a perfect match."
"Damn! That's crazy."
"At least I have this to remember him by."
"That's..."
"Strange?"
"I was gonna say romantic."
"I think so too. Sometimes I lay in bed with candles lit and make love to Darryl. We used to fuck in this park at dusk. Watching the sun go down, it was very romantic."
"Long time until sunset."
"I was only telling you what we liked. Eric? Before you go?"
"What do you need?"
"Kiss me. Put feeling into it."
She drops her toy on to the blanket and embraces Eric with a truly steamy kiss for inspiration, tongues absorbing each other with emotion, their hands all over their bodies. She melts in his embrace. He didn't want to go. Tugging at his lower lip she sighs, "I love you boys soooo much."
"I...we love you too Mom...Margo."
"Always...ALWAYS show me emotion. Kiss me like we're soulmates."
"I can do that."
"Go. Before I change my mind and make love to you. I need a moment alone with my...husband."
"When should I come get you?"
"I'll let you know." One last kiss she peels away and removes her dress. "Eric?"
"Yo?"
"Put my dress in the trunk and do not let me have it back until we get home."
"Whoa! Long time naked." He hesitates briefly, "You know we have to go back through town to get home, right?"
"I want to be free."
"Ok. I'm gonna go jerk off like thirty times watching from a distance."
"Don't get the car messy."
"Gonna happen."
He steals yet another kiss then darts away. Doing as asked her dress is locked up and he moves the car down the road. Parking again, he could see her just fine. It was times like this he needed binoculars. Pondering that he winces, "I wonder?" Popping the trunk again, sure enough he discovered a pair of high powered binoculars. "Darryl you sexy bastard. Pervert Eric on duty to watch her booty."
As if right there with her, Eric watched her laying back touching herself. Back arched at embedded fingers, dildo moving in and out of her mouth. She was a Goddess to behold. Ten minutes into her pleasure Eric hears shuffling behind him.
"Dude! Why are you hiding out here when the landlady's naked over there?" Greg slapped his shoulder.
"FUCK! Don't sneak up on me like that."
"She know you're over here?" Ben asked trying to steal the binoculars.
"Why would I set here if she knew? I'm spying just like you freaks. I told her I was gonna run to the store."
"She's fucking herself right out in the open. Dammmmmn! I knew the belly dancer was hot but...how do you live with that bitch and not wanna fuck her?" Greg prodded.
"Elliot's mom. I respect her."
"Fuck that Crowe." Greg rolled his eyes, "I know you bastards only moved out there with her because you wanted to tap her."
"Wanting to and doing...are two different things. She's awesome." He was trying to do damage control to make her look less easy. Greg pulls his cell out and zooms in recording her pussy with Darryl's dick burrowing in and out. She could be heard all the way across the park.
"Is she calling out her husband's name?"
"Probably. She misses Darryl a lot." Eric covers for her.
Ben, while Greg and Eric banter, discovers the trunk open. Lifting Margo's dress he inhales it to smell her fragrance. Suddenly, he connects a dot, "Why is her dress in the trunk?"
"What?" Eric was busted. "Put that back."
"She's doing this for you, isn't she?" Greg began to figure things out.
"She's doing it for the world Asshat. Margo's a freak. Listen to me, both of you. Do not fuck this up. She wants to belly dance again for everyone that was at the fire. This time that outfit comes off and she's gonna give it up."
The two friends look at each other, uncertain if what he said was true. Ben puts her dress back into the trunk, then explores the suitcase. In it he discovers pictures of she and Darryl in better times. The love evident in their expressions.
"Shit! Car coming through." Greg points out an SUV. Eric instinctively uses the binoculars to view it, "Whoa! It's her Banker and his nephew."
"Stalking her?"
"Just like you two are." Eric nervously laughs.
"Man! He's not even being sneaky. He's parking right there by her." Ben remarks suddenly worried.
"Best seat in the house, unless you're standing over her. I say we go join him." Greg stood tall thinking of doing just that.
"No. Margo told me to stay away and let people see her playing. If she sees you two she might change her mind about the belly dancing party. I don't know about you idiots but I wanna see that."
"Damn! She is a freak."
"Guys? Look at these pictures." Ben returns sharing a hand full of pics. Only one was dirty. Margo was sucking off a cock in it. Darryl in the background watching.
"Darryl Needy was a freak too." Greg felt compelled to reveal.
As the boys lingered there, Eric notes Banker Jacob leaving his SUV and strolling out to watch Margo up close. She didn't stop her moaning, nor her dildo insertions for even a second. Eric was blown away.
"Nice day for that picnic." Jacob Overmeyer stood over Margo.
"I wondered if Tyler caught on to my hint."
"He's in my car over there."
"He can come watch if he wants too. I'm getting close Jacob."
Waving his nephew out, the boy hurries to join them. His eyes instantly glued to Darryl's dick dipping into the well vigorously.
"Hello again young Tyler."
"Fuck you're hot."
"I am working up a sweat. Am I glossy?"
"Getting there. Where's Lily's brother?"
"I sent him away. I had hoped you caught on to my hint earlier. Do you like watching me fuck my pussy Tyler?"
"Definitely."
"You can jack off over me if you want."
"I'd rather fuck you." He nervously laughs. Jacob in response restrains his nephew with a squeeze to his shoulder.
"Slow it down Tiger."
"No. Let him be honest Jacob. I require true feelings."
"Then, fuck yes I wanna cum inside that pink ass pussy." Tyler huffs.
"Mmmmm! What about you Jacob?"
"I'm too old for that. Not that I don't enjoy watching you Margo. Always have, always will."
"I know. You and Darryl knew how to love me."
"Huh?" Tyler winces at his Uncle, "Love her?"
"Long story, not what you think. Tell the boy Margo."
"My husband made me promise to love all men, and make them love me. Do you want to love me Tyler?"
"I LOVE YOU." He belts out at the top of his lungs. She merely smiles.
"I love you too Tyler. Can I cum for you?"
"Go for it."
"Can I fantasize about you Tyler?"
"Why? When I can just fuck you and fulfill that."
"Don't be a dumbass Tyler." Jacob frowns, "She's just teasing you. She likes being watched."
"I do." She coos looking up at them with desire brewing. "Teasing is an art form. Why do you think so many models remain on the runway? They have a need to be desired."
"Runway?" Tyler stands confused, "Right. Fashion model. I'd think you would make more money as a stripper."
"Perhaps. Just enjoy watching me this time Tyler. Can you be satisfied by that much?"
"Sure! I...might go ahead and jerk off. That okay?"
"I offered that already. Please do. Make me cum very hard for you Tyler."
"Like us young guys?" Tyler winces at his Uncle, "Ummm! Kind of weird doing this in front of you Uncle Jacob."
"I'll be in the SUV. If he misbehaves let me know."
"Yes, I adore men your age." A finger to her lips as Jacob turns away lets Tyler feel at ease that she would not tell on him even if he did misbehave. Hearing the car door slam, Tyler harnessing bravery, whips his dick out and moves closer to stand between her legs.
"I really want to fuck you, Mrs. Needy."
"I know you do. Another time perhaps. You can cum on me if you like."
"Oh, that I'm gonna get away with." He chuckles stroking himself into a violent erection.
"You have a very nice cock Tyler."
"I can say the same about every inch of your body. So...how do you and Jacob really know each other?"
"My husband had many friends. Jacob was among them, our banker. Through Jacob many other connections were made in Wildwood."
"Yeah, Uncle Jacob is like the town Mobster. I know he does shady things. I guess you must be shady too."
"I do not think of myself as shady. My husband just liked to show me off."
"Share you with guys?"
"Oh yes. Tyler?"
"Yeah Mrs. Needy?"
"Would you like to rub your cock along my pussy...without penetrating it?"
"Hell yes." He awaits as she removes the dildo and brings it to her mouth to sample her tastes. Seeing the trickling vacancy Tyler reluctantly scooted even closer and drops to his knees between her legs. Leaning over her he rolls his crown amid her scalding hot labia. "Fuck this feels awesome."
"I agree. You can keep doing that until you cum over my clit."
"If we're going this far why can't I just fuck you?"
"Learn resistance Tyler. It will make you want me more."
"Whatever." He closes his eyes and continues the soothing caress along his beastly cock. Hearing her moan and arch her back only made the performance even more enticing.
"Mmmm! Cum on me Tyler." She melts his senses with toes antagonizing his shirt. The stiletto heels deadly should they lose control.
"Almost there."
"I want to cum with you Tyler." She glides a hand from her tit, over her tight tummy, and down to her clit, stimulating herself while her touch also grazes his crown softly as it rises over her knuckles. Margo Needy knew how to turn a guy on.
In his SUV Jacob Overmeyer fondles himself watching them. He was proud of his nephew. He was loving Margo for who she was. A vivid prayer of respect toward Darryl, Jacob spoke of good times. Cumming in private Jacob had to use a wet wipe to clean his steering wheel off, that and his suit pants.
Out beyond the trees Eric Crowe felt a buzz from his cell and looks at it. "Shit! It's my sister."
"Lily?" Ben reacted with a stunned smile.
"Yeah Lily. When are you ever gonna get some balls and ask her out?"
"Dude! She's too good for a guy like me."
"I'll take her." Greg chuckles.
"Leave Lily alone. Ben has my blessing."
"Really?"
"Shut up! I gotta answer or she'll keep blowing my phone up." He points to both of them then answers, "Hey Lily. Wassup?"
"Were you just at the bank?" A soft voice asks.
"Yeah I was. You looked busy so I didn't bother you. I took Elliot Needy's mom to deposit our rent."
"That was the sexy brunette all of the guys here were talking about? Someone told me you were touching her ass."
"Naaaa! That would be inappropriate. She met with your boss about turning her home into a Bed & Breakfast."
Greg using the binoculars sees Tyler cumming all over Margo's pussy. She in turn was screaming at the top of her lungs, gushing at her own tormentations.
"Who was that?" Lily asks.
"Nobody. I'm sitting in her car waiting on her to get her hair done."
"HI LILY." Ben breaks the silence.
Wincing at Ben, Eric nods, "Yeah I'm hanging out with Ben. He wants to take you on a date." In response Ben bulges his eyes and holds his breath.
"He should ask me himself." Was her sole reply.
"Here's your chance Bro." Eric passes the cell off, shocked at Ben snatching up the cell, his friend finally grew those balls.
"Hey Lily. I...I've wanted to ask you like forever if you'd..."
"Friday night. Pizza Hut. You're buying." She beats him to the punch. "Get my number from Eric. Gotta go." He could tell she was giddy but shy. Reeling at such a yes, Ben just held the cell trembling. Eric reclaims his phone before it was dropped.
"Was that hard?"
"It is now. Dude! I swear I'll wear a condom."
Shaking his head Eric frowns, "TMI! Dammit Ben."
"Guys! The Banker's are leaving. Margo is back to using her dildo." Greg stares with the zoom lens.
"Listen up." Eric makes them both absorb his words. "I need you guys to take off without letting Margo see you. Keep things quiet about another bonfire. I'll keep you posted when it is." Eric knew his sister would keep at least Ben quiet for now. Greg was another Brian Hancock, both were compulsive. He would be the one to blab.
"I won't tell anyone." Ben nods, "I owe you one."
"Not me. I owe that cunt my cock in every hole she's got."
Eric toughens up and stands outside the car, gripping Greg by the shirt he takes the binoculars, "Don't make me kick your ass."
"Lighten up Crowe. Just make it happen."
"If you talk it won't happen. She's already warned me. I shouldn't have betrayed her trust telling you two."
"I don't understand that. Look at what she just did with the younger guy. Why would she be this open and not just tell us she wants fucked hard?" Greg shrugged with a bit of confusion.
"Maybe I can explain."
Behind them stood Margo Needy wrapped with her picnic blanket. Eric felt awful and takes off walking, he needed to clear his head, knowing the ride home was going to be a silent treatment.
"GET BACK HERE ERIC." She rallied her voice. It was enough to freeze him in his tracks. As he turns back, hands in his pants pocket he could only muster a negative reaction.
"I knew the boys were back here with you. I'm not blind, nor deaf."
"Hey Mrs. Needy. Nice day to tan." Greg grinned.
"Not allowed at my home." She points at Greg, "I don't like you Greg."
"Never ever?" He lifts a brow, "Looks like you like every guy, but me then."
"Possibly so. I know a weasel when I see one. If you ever want to know me better then you must earn my trust. Otherwise, I disown you."
"So...not never ever?"
"If I find out you spread the word about today I'll make your life hell. Don't think I don't know who your father is."
"WHAT? You know...my dad?"
"I do indeed. County Sheriff in these parts."
"How do you know?" Greg turned pale as Margo walks past them all and looks at her defiled trunk. Seeing pictures setting out she shakes her head at Eric.
"Nosey I see." She lifts the picture of her sucking a dick. Pointing to Greg to join her she takes the picture and places it in his hand, "Share this with your Father."
"Why?"
"You're a smart boy."
"Dude!" Ben bulges his eyes, "I think she's saying...that's your Dad's dick in the picture."
"WHAT? NO FUCKING WAY." He looks at it closely. "You blew...no way."
"Let him decide your fate. If I don't receive a call from him I'll know you didn't show your Father the picture."
"Why would you keep a photo of you and him?"
"I never made the connection until I saw the resemblance. The pic was just a reminder that my husband left me. I rather enjoyed your Father when you were possibly...13."
"Damn! Does my Mom know?"
"Ask her for yourself."
"What the hell?"
"Time to go home Eric. I've made enough points for one day." She makes the journey to the passenger seat and lets herself in. "Give them a ride into town. Let them off in front of the County Sheriff's office." She lets Ben and Greg in before taking the front seat. Eric got inside and started the car. With agitation sensed Eric clams up. Luckily he had help in breaking the silence.
"Eric set me up with his sister Lily." Ben leaned forward over her shoulder.
"That was very nice of him. At least he had someone's back today."
"I'M SORRY!" Eric rolled his eyes and backed out. Spraying gravel Margo refrained from looking his way. The drive through town led to the Sheriff's office. Everyone sat idle for a moment until Margo opened her door and stood up to let the boys abandon her car. Once on the curb, the boys look defeated. She doesn't glance back, instead hopping in and shutting her door. Opening it a second time to free her blanket.
"Drive." She prompts with a pat to Eric's knuckle. He could feel her firm grip loosen as he left the curb. Driving away he felt apologetic again, "Margo...they snuck up on me out there. I'm sorry."
"I'm not mad at you Eric." She peels her picnic blanket from her body and casts it into the backseat. Staring at her nudity Eric drops his jaw.
"You're not?"
"Of course not. Let them think I am."
"Was that pic really of Greg's dad?"
"Nooo! All I did was put doubt in his ear. Now if you let him know the truth I will be mad at you."
"I totally blew it Margo. I'm not even gonna lie about it. They know of the second bonfire."
"Then, we put it off for awhile, until they forget it might happen."
"Maaaan! I really wanna see you get gangbanged."
"The four of you is a gangbang the last I checked."
"I'm talking party style gangbang."
"I know what you want of me. I'm not telling you never. We just plan things better. If Mom is not happy, none of you will be."
"Gotcha Mom."
"I adore you Son." She playfully rubs his chest.
"We going home then?"
"Let's make some truck drivers honk."
"Ohhhh yeah."
The ride home was longer than it should have been. Margo made him pass her road multiple times in order to continue teasing. Two hours later they made it back to the estate. As Eric pulled into the garage safely and shut the car off she felt like giggling.
"You alright?"
"Better than alright." She leers over at him smiling mischievously. In a bold move she unfastens her seatbelt and climbs over his lap to put the seat back. Once room was available she encouraged his cock out and blew him a second time today.
"Ride me." He needed pussy.
"You really need to be more forceful than that."
"Get that fucking cunt on this cock MILF."
"Work in progress." She sighs flicking her tongue over his urethra. Easing upward she straddles his lap and lets him guide his beast up into her. Hands rolling up her spine he clutches her hair and dares to be more forceful. Yanking her head back he kisses her throat hard making her squeal. Riding him became an adventure.
"I love you Eric." She melts.
"Fuck you Cunt. I WANT THAT GANGBANG. Don't make me rape your ass to get it."
"Much better." She smiles, "Two weeks from Friday?"
"I'll make it happen."
"As will I."
"Good thing we didn't take those tents down."
"Eric?" She stares at him to ignite his earlier intensity.
"What?"
"I need all of you to start acting this way. I will obey everyone."
"All four of us?"
"No." She narrows her eyes, "All twenty of you."
"Rough gangbang, huh?"
"Only if you make it that way."
"Fuck you make me so goddamned hard Margo."
"All twenty need to be this hard."
"SWEAR TO ME YOU WON'T CHANGE YOUR MIND."
"Only if you swear to me not to change my mind."
"20 dicks fucking you all night long."
"While you watch?"
"I think Darryl's spirit is possessing me."
"OH MY GOD! Now you need to really fuck me."
"We own this pussy." He laughs.
"If you like."
"I LIKE. I DO." He tugs her hair harder as she rides his dick with enthusiasm, his balls slapping at her violent downward thrusts. The front seat was awkward but it needed to be utilized.
"All young studs. Nobody your age MILF."
"Yes Eric. Nineteen and of age is all I ask."
"You have no say." He pushes her.
"They must be 18 Eric."
"WHAT DID I JUST TELL YOU?" He grips her hair hard and hisses into her face.
"That I have no say in the matter."
"You're ours MILF. We make the decisions."
"Sweet talker." She growls hissing back.
"DON'T TEST ME SLUT!"
"Never Eric."
""Now tell me what I want to hear. SINCERELY!"
"I will fuck whomever you invite. Treat me like the whore you want me to be."
"THE WHORE YOU WANT TO BE."
"Yesssss! I'm going to cum Eric."
"DID I SAY YOU COULD?"
"Noooo! Oh my God Eric...I like this new you." She trembles holding her breath and muscle control.
"NOT ERIC...DARRYL!"
"OH MY GOD DARRYL...I've missed you so."
Forcing her into a kiss he pats her ass to ride harder. As if losing her mind to Darryl she obeys. Forcefully, she gyrates over him feeling every nerve ending screaming out. The powerful kiss destroyed her emotional state. Peeling away their lips Eric snaps, "SCREAM FOR DARRYL."
"DAARRRRRRRRRRYYYLLLLL!" A massive orgasm drowns their privates. Moving onward to dynamic convulsions Margo clings to Eric, "Don't ever leave me again Darryl." Tears fell. Eric stole more kisses to seal the deal.
"That's my girl. Eric here is me now. I own his body. He owns yours as I do. Do you understand?"
"Yes Eric." She pats his cheek, "I like this fantasy. Be Darryl more often."
"Get in that house and unlock the attic."
"What?" She grew haunted suddenly.
"HIDE NOTHING."
"I...Eric..."
"DARRYL!"
"You are not Darryl."
"OBEY ME MARGO."
Kissing his chest softly she climbs from his lap and leaves the car, "Detail the interior."
Confidence waning in her reaction Eric Crowe got dressed and found the necessary cleaning supplies. It took him over an hour before realizing that he hadn't even bought groceries. His belly growling he heads inside for whatever potato chips he had left. Entering he smelled food and found Cabot cooking steaks.
"We went to town and forgot to hit the grocery store." Eric sighed.
"Only have one steak." Cabot frowns.
"I'll survive. Just means I drive back in tomorrow." Upstairs Eric went. At the furthest corner of the second floor he discovered the attic door open. Wincing at her unexpected obedience he went to her bedroom to find her curled up on her bed, she had put on a tank top but that only.
"You opened the attic door."
"You told me too."
"Darryl told you too."
"Welcome home Husband."
"You can lock it back up." Eric didn't need to know that badly what she was hiding.
"No. See for yourselves. Good night Lover."
"Bedtime so early?"
"Please inform the others I have a headache."
"Gotcha." Eric went to his bedroom. A tenth of a bag of Doritos and tap water served as dinner. It was good to play God even for a short while, the power faded. Eric was just Eric.
Margo Needy refused to cry, her smile tentative at best.
"Thank you Darryl."