Winston Bramblenook was your typical milquetoast. A seller of high quality, leather bound literary classics, his daily door to door grind rarely netted him any big sales. From month to month, his meager commission and almost as miniscule hourly wage were barely enough to pay his rent and the few small bills he accrued. His personal life was in even worse shape, and couldn't have been more boring if he was in a coma. Standing at a slightly above average five-ten, the brittle man weighed in at a mere hundred and thirty-eight pounds, sopping wet. If he lifted anything heavier than a box of cereal, his biceps would recoil instantly and grumble vehemently in protest.
Winston was a prudent man, very reasonable and of much more than average intelligence. He had a very large storehouse of common sense in his brainy skull, and he knew the score. He knew that if a woman wanted him, there was probably some ulterior motive, more than likely some foul scheme afoot. It wasn't that he was always a suspicious man, per se, but he was simply a realist. He was scrawny, of only average looks at best, and had nothing really to offer a woman...except his heart. And, sadly, very few women were willing to work their way past his ho-hum exterior to get to that beating gem. At least, that had been his experience.
This being the case, how he could've become entangled in the events I am about to relate, was well beyond his capacity to understand. How could he have allowed himself to become so enmeshed in such a fiasco? Had he been mad? Had his testicles suddenly become engorged with enough semen and hormones to cloud the brain he had always been so proud of? Sadly, he will never know the answers. Suffice it to say, Winston Bramblenook was just like any other man who hadn't had sex in quite some time. Backed up hormones can make thinking a daunting task and level-headed decision making all but impossible, even for a man with Winston's intellect. The poor fellow learned this the hard way.
Even before the unfortunate events took place, his choice of selling territory was not thoughtfully made. Even this decision was hormonally induced. True, it was a subconscious decision that Winston only partially realized was spurred on by recent, testosterone-laced memory, and he therefore couldn't be totally faulted for its unfortunate outcome. Nonetheless, it was a case of creaky, rusting gonads compelling the brain to do unwise things, and poor Winston paid the price.
Thus goaded on by subconscious hormonal scheming, Winston found himself working the sector he himself had requested - to the shocked gasps of both his employer and coworkers - with his suitcase full of classic literature and unrealistic hopes of selling same. The scrawny man found himself wandering the darkened, dangerous, dockside streets of New York City. His boss and coworkers thought he'd either gone insane or had somehow recently acquired a death wish.
And just exactly why was he braving this questionable neighborhood, which callously chewed up men like Winston every night - as little more than a light evening snack - when the darkness crept in? It was because of a woman - and, of course, Winston's clogged sexual plumbing. The object of his carnal affections was none other than the delicious and devious Veronica Van Meers, whom he'd only seen from afar one day as he oversaw the loading of a shipment of books onto a freighter bound for Europe.
The said delectable Ms Van Meers sat on the balcony of her third floor apartment, her long, shapely legs resting comfortably on the wrought iron railing surrounding it. For a woman living in a dockside flat, she was stunningly accoutered in a skin tight black dress - sinfully slitted halfway up her thigh on the right side - succulently clinging fishnet hose and black spike heels that had glistened in the midday sun. Her richly shining, midnight black hair had been up in an elegant bun, showing off her beautiful face. Her eyes were dark and mysterious, but totally inviting. Her lush lips seemed to beckon to Winston, even as her tongue licked them to keep a constant shine on them.
As she lounged back comfortably on her balcony with her legs up, Winston had caught a brief glimpse well up her thigh. He'd blushed, feeling that he'd somehow deflowered the woman. And he'd instantly gotten an erection... which Veronica noticed with a wicked laugh.
As he oversaw the loading of the books, he constantly stole glances of Veronica, all the while sweating nervously and trying to stand in such a way as to see both the dockside cranes and Veronica, while not letting anyone see the bulge in his pants. But the more Winston tried to hide his erection, the more Veronica noticed it, and the more she laughed - and wholeheartedly encouraged that sign of arousal. In fact, to add to his predicament, she purposely spread her legs atop the railing, slipping forward on her lounge chair, bending one leg at the knee, allowing the book salesman an unfettered view up her dress. To Winston's increased fidgeting nervousness - and utter delight - Veronica wore fishnet pantyhose, but no panties. Even from the distance he was from her, Winston could see Veronica's most intimate treasure. Not only was she flaunting it at him, but even the sun seemed to be helping him to view its seductive details, for that fiery globe was at just the right angle to not only shine directly up her thighs, but also to reflect off the railing, as if purposely lighting up that treat for his delighted eyes.
As she watched Winston stare up her dress and self-consciously try to cover his telltale bulge, she chuckled openly and puffed seductively on a cigarette that was comfortably seated in a long, black holder. She seemed so regal, so high society, and yet she brazenly flashed him as he tried with increasing difficulty to concentrate on his job. A royal slut, that's what his mind had somehow labeled her as. But, whether she was a whore or a debutante, she was still way out of his league. He had no doubt of that. So, at the time, he'd just enjoyed the view. What else was there to do? But, when his job was done, and it was time for him to head back to the office for more wares to sell, Veronica waved to him, spreading her legs a bit wider apart, bending BOTH legs at the knees, giving him his best view yet. She then kissed her fingertips, put them down between her legs and briefly tapped them against her exposed sex, and then blew that double kiss - from both pairs of shiny lips - at Winston. He was so aroused he could barely walk. Nonetheless, he tried to keep his composure. He even nodded and smiled up at her as he turned to leave. As he walked away - difficult as that was - he could hear her cruel laughter.
To be sure, this entire encounter never once CONSCIOUSLY entered his thoughts as he wandered down to the docks on the misty night of the most unfortunate incident. But, why else would any sane man brave those rough streets, selling books of all things, and wearing a suit no less?! And how is it poor Winston skipped over most of the flats in the area, making only half-hearted attempts at salesmanship at those apartments he did stop at, as if he were in a hurry and didn't really want to make a sale at all? And why did he stop at every single apartment on the third floor on the dock side of that one particular building? Surely it was a map and a plan clandestinely doled out to his totally oblivious brain by the testosterone trapped in his genitals. His sexual psyche had its own agenda, and was merely putting Winston through his usual bookselling motions before leading him to the real purpose of this nocturnal escapade. And that was, of course, sex...hopefully with the aforementioned delectable Ms Van Meers.
Winston received two death threats, had six doors slammed in his face, was flashed by an eighty year old woman sucking on a stogie, and was propositioned by the ugliest transvestite he'd ever seen, before he came to the door that his sexual subconscious had been leading him to the entire time. All those other doors were just to ease his conscience, to give him the false sense that he truly was trying to sell books in this neighborhood. But now, his hormones had him where they wanted him. Win or lose, his nether region was gearing up for a night of hot, sweaty, nasty tum-bumping ecstasy!
With his heart pounding in his chest, Winston nervously adjusted his tie, took several deep breaths, and rapped lightly on the wooden door before him with trembling knuckles. In the back of his brain, several years worth of congealed testosterone prayed Veronica was home. Even if all she did was laugh in his face, just seeing her up close would provide fodder for many fantasy adventures with her for years to come. Besides which, he'd have proven something to himself. At least he'd TRIED. He could ask no more of himself.
Winston vaguely remembered seeing a light coming from her window, so his hopes were high of at least seeing the lovely Ms Van Meers again, regardless of the outcome. However, all of this might be moot anyway, for there was no answer to his knock. He rapped again, sweat beginning to pop from thousands of pores all over his body. When there was no response to the second knock, his groin started to go back into shutdown mode, and Winston sighed, preparing to leave.
Suddenly, the door flew open. There stood Veronica, in the tightest white blouse and shortest red skirt Winston had ever seen. The sheer, mocha hose she wore were so gossamer as to be almost nonexistent, and her red stiletto heels made her tower a good two inches over the breathless salesman. She puffed on her cigarette holder, smiling at Winston. She laughed a short, quick laugh, during which she exhaled the smoke that was in her lungs. Then she puffed on the holder again, bent down, and blew the smoke into Winston's face. As he tried to keep from coughing, Veronica said calmly, "It's about time you showed up. I thought you'd never get here. Come in, book man, let's see what you have for me. When I see what you've got, I'll show you a few things of my own." Her grin alone gave him a rock-hard chubby.
Veronica's hand shot out at Winston, her long, slim fingers wrapping themselves around his tie. With a tug much stronger than might be expected from such a picture of femininity, those fingers yanked the wide-eyed salesman through the doorway and into the sultry vixen's apartment. As she whirled about with the astonished Winston in tow, one of her legs kicked out behind her - almost as if it had been a well-practiced move - and efficiently slammed the door shut. Winston heard a lock click, and was suddenly unsure if that was a good thing or not.
Veronica continued walking deeper into her flat, dragging Winston behind her like a helpless rag doll, his surprised feet stumbling along trying to catch up with his captive head.
"I knew you'd come back," Veronica said, still dragging Winston through her apartment, "they always do."
Winston stumbled and bumbled along behind her as she steered him briskly through her home. Rooms passed to his right and left at a rate of speed much too high for him to focus on what those rooms might actually contain. He caught glimpses of shelves, furniture, cabinetry and other recognizable items, but the velocity at which Veronica was dragging him did not lend itself to his identifying much more than that. Veronica was talking to him - between puffs on her slim cigarette holder - the entire time she was pulling him along, but the air rushing by his ears, the clomping of his own feet as he fought to keep his balance, and his concern about the uncomfortable tightness of his tie around his neck, all conspired to keep him from truly listening. Not to mention his choking and gasping as cigarette smoke attacked his nostrils and lungs. It all seemed a fascinating - if uncomfortable and possibly fatal - blur to him.
Without warning, Veronica disappeared, and it was only when he felt himself being flung around a corner that he realized she'd simply made a sharp, sudden turn into the very last room of the apartment. When he'd stumbled around the corner after her, his arms flailing for a shot at elusive balance, she reappeared, still yammering away about something. Winston couldn't concentrate on the words, as he was too busy trying to keep his legs under him.
One of Veronica's brightly manicured hands flipped a light switch as she entered the room, but that act did nothing to slow her Winston-dragging advance into the middle of the room. Once in the center of that room, she simply stopped short, let go of the poor man's crumpled tie, and watched him stagger, stumble and fall past her, his momentum causing him to fly forward and down, crumpling into a gasping heap on the floor. When his understandably startled face crashed into the thick fibers of the carpet, his careening backside continued to sail forward, ultimately ending up at a higher elevation than his head...momentarily, anyway. It settled to the floor in its proper anatomical position, but not before the book man heard several vertebrae curse rather loudly.
Eventually, the disheveled Winston gathered himself up, shook the buzzing hornets out of his spinning noggin, and straightened his cockeyed suit jacket. After piecing himself back together - checking for missing or misaligned body parts - and forcing his brain to get its bearings, what he next saw made his loins quiver.
Sitting on the floor, dusting himself off, he was looking directly at Veronica's Queen size bed, the wooden footboard of which was no more than three feet from his perspiring eyeballs. He got an instant boner at the thought of all the action that bed must've seen over the years, and immediately he started swallowing drool. Not only was he in her bedroom - which was erotic enough! - but his quivering pupils were actually given the honor of viewing Veronica's very own love nest! Where she lay at night, silky underthings clinging to her shapely curves. Or perhaps where she lay naked...possibly touching herself...yearning for a man like...him? Suddenly, the crotch of his pants became even tighter than the knot of his tie around his neck. The hormone factory between his legs had called back all essential personnel to begin working overtime!
"So, little book man," Veronica cooed, returning from the vanity at the far end of the room where she'd apparently just crushed out the remains of her cigarette, "you like looking up my dress, do you?" She walked in front of him - squeezing herself between his drooling eyes and the foot of her bed - and stood towering over him, her hands on her well-shaped hips. From his position on the floor, Winston could again see well up her thighs, and it was bringing back fond memories. He sighed wistfully before collecting himself enough to attempt speech.
"Uh..." he stammered, "forgive me...miss...uh...."
"Veronica," she replied, smiling down at him, "Veronica Van Meers. And who might you be, my little pussy peeper?"
"Oh, sorry," his speech again bumbled along, "I'm...I'm Winston Bramblenook, at your service." He started to get up, but Veronica stopped him, pressing the palm of one hand down gently but firmly on the top of his head. Winston hadn't expected the move, and the sudden stoppage of his attempted ascent forced a loud "Urk!" from his already choked throat.
"Stay," Veronica said quietly, "don't get up. Although," she added with a wicked smile, "getting up seems to be something you're quite good at, if I remember correctly...especially when you're peeking up women's dresses. In fact, you seem to be quite happy to see me even as we speak." She chuckled softly as she looked at the bulge in his crumpled pants.
Winston blushed instantly. "Uh...forgive me...I do apologize...for that, and...well...and that day a while back, too. You see...I was...well...I wasn't really...although I'm sure it APPEARED that....I was...well..." His hands rushed to loosen his choking tie. He needed air. He needed to swallow his nervousness, force it down into his stomach so he could breathe. But Veronica wouldn't let him. Not only did she stop him from untying his tie, but she even grabbed it again and gave another solid tug on it, again tightening it around his neck.
"Oh, yes, Winston," she continued, giving his tie short, quick jerks, "it most certainly did appear that you were looking up my dress. Furthermore, it appeared you were enjoying the view quite a bit. Please don't do me the disservice of denying it. You had an erection the size of a crowbar. A rather nice erection, if I remember correctly. Now, are you going to LIE and say you WEREN'T peeking up my dress?" She held his tie tightly wrapped around her clenched fist and, bending over, pulled his face close to hers. Her eyes said, "Lie to me and I'll stomp your balls under my red stiletto heels."
Winston flushed a brighter crimson still. His mind tried to concoct all sorts of lies as to what he was looking at that day - the railing, the reflecting sun, her balcony. He even thought of saying he was a collector of cigarette holders, but that sounded even more lame than the other lies. He fidgeted a bit, wiped sweat from his brow and cleared his throat, stalling tactics until his brain could come up with the right fib. Brave lad. He was almost willing to sacrifice his testicles to preserve his pride.
But then Winston decided that there was no real point in lying. She had him dead to rights, and she didn't look like the type who'd listen to lies and excuses. Besides, he'd come to her apartment in the hopes of...what?... having sex with her? If that was the case, why bother lying at all? What was the point of searching for sex, only to deny you wanted it when you chanced upon it? Wouldn't it make more sense to let her know how much he desired her? Shouldn't he tell her how much she'd turned him on? Hadn't she seen his erection anyway, and boldly flashed him until he couldn't walk straight? Hell, she seemed to know everything he was thinking anyway, so, what was the point? Maybe she WANTED sex, and she was just testing or teasing him. She DID say, "It's about time you got here," and "I thought you'd never arrive," and even said she had lots to show him. That sure sounded like SHE wanted sex, too! Unless Ms Van Meers was simply a cock tease, she was in the market for a hot night as much as he was.
By the time he'd ended his internal battle and decided upon a course of action, so had Veronica.
When Winston finally opened his mouth to speak again - even then not sure what words would come out - his eyes were already becoming privy to some erotically pertinent info. Veronica was no longer standing over him. His tie had been set free, though the knot still hugged his Adam's apple tightly. But the teasing vixen hadn't moved far. No, not at all. And she did indeed have much to show him.
Winston felt steam bubbling from around his eyeballs. His mouth dropped open and his tongue felt like sandpaper with talcum powder on it. He swallowed, true, but most of the moisture his mouth created was dribbling down his chin. The head of his penis was literally chewing at the back of his zipper. It wanted OUT!
Veronica sat before the poor, drooling idiot, grinning down at him even more wickedly than she had that glorious day on her balcony. And she was giving Winston the show of his life.
Leaning back on her elbows on the mattress, Veronica sat on the very edge of the bed with her body twisted to one side and one high-heeled foot balanced via the slim stiletto heel on the top of the footboard. The other leg she had somehow - in a way that would make a contortionist envious - splayed out a good distance in the opposite direction. If Winston had been wearing blinders, his eyes wouldn't have been more directly lured to that oh, so familiar view between Veronica's legs. And she was running true to form...pantyhose with no panties.
As before, Veronica was giving Winston an eyeful. She was brazenly displaying her wares for the drooling book salesman to ogle at. The sheer mocha pantyhose had no reinforced crotch, just a microscopic reinforcement strip that wasn't even thick enough to obscure the moist slit between the pouting lips of Veronica's lovely flower. Oh, how Winston wanted to lick that reinforced strip, pressing his tongue on it hard enough to force it back into that inviting crevice, and then deeper still.
Veronica chuckled at Winston's round, bulging eyeballs. All the while he stared between her legs she moved her thighs hypnotically. Cruelly, she touched herself, her fingers tracing the length of the reinforced strip, then moving it aside slightly so they could caress what it tried vainly to hide. Winston watched this with his tongue hanging out, sitting on the floor, fighting for even an occasional normal breath.
"My," Veronica cooed, "I guess you do like staring up my skirt. I do so enjoy flashing. It's so...invigorating! You like what you see, book man?"
Winston blinked, trying to yank his eyes from the alluring sight before them. His ears were telling him that Veronica was speaking, but his brain was telling them to shut up, so he could gaze at the magic between Veronica's thighs. Needless to say, response to her question was impossible.
"You like my pretty pussy, Winston? You want to get a closer look, maybe even kiss it? Is that something you might enjoy?"
Winston swallowed hard, his head swimming. Little sparks were zapping his temples from his misfiring brain. The room seemed to be tilting and twirling. Everything was hazy...except for that beautiful, pouting prize. It was crystal clear in his vision and in his mind. Every detail of it was - and would be forever - emblazoned in his memory. And those deliciously naughty words, that wicked suggestion from a woman he didn't even know, burrowed into his subconscious, to be replayed over and over again.
"Go on, Winston," Veronica said oh, so softly, knowing full well that a reply was beyond him at this point, "lean forward and give it a kiss. You want to, don't you?"
A small wet spot was forming on the sheer hose, and Winston's lips wanted to taste it. His eyes shot up quickly to Veronica's face, questioning. He couldn't believe she was seriously considering letting him get that close to her womanhood. Flaunting it was one thing, but letting him KISS it?! Yet, there it was, the silent, unspoken permission, the go-ahead, the green light.
Rising out of his sitting position and getting his legs and arms under him, he moved forward slowly on all fours toward that riveting magnet of feminine splendor. The closer he got to it, the more it seemed to invite him in. When he was close enough, Veronica put one hand on the back of his head and guided him forward.
"That's right," she said, "get in there and give it a kiss. If you give it the sweetest, most adorable kiss ever, maybe I'll let you do more than kiss it."
Winston's eyes were completely glazed over by the time his lips made contact with the silky nylon, pressing it back into the moistness behind it. Years of frustration and denial roared to the forefront of his sexual psyche, and he sighed loudly, pressing his face into that warm, moist area, moaning as he kissed the object of his desire. Over and over he shamelessly kissed Veronica's nylon-covered pussy. Looking down, Veronica thoroughly enjoyed the sight of this man planting kiss after adoring kiss between her legs. He was literally shivering with passion, and she was beginning to heat up a bit as well.
"Enough, now," she said sweetly after letting him go on for a bit, "stop kissing my pussy, Winston. That was lovely, but let's consider other possibilities, shall we?"
But Winston was in a zone now. He had his hands on her inner thighs, holding them apart, making sure they couldn't close off this tasty delight and ban his lips from entry. His face was barging relentlessly into that steamy treat, lips hungrily showing their affection for every inch of it. Nylon or no nylon, his lips had found something they were very reluctant to part with.
"I said STOP!" Vanessa shouted. In a blur of motion, she grabbed a handful of Winston's hair and tugged his head back. At the same time, she took her foot off the footboard and brought her thighs quickly together, catching Winston's neck between her knees. Then, snapping her legs out straight around his shoulders, in the blink of an eye she kicked off both stiletto heels. Her now silky-hosed bare feet then came back around and positioned themselves on the poor man's chest, giving him one final push back and away from her.
Poor Winston, eyes still glazed over, ended up sitting on the floor in front of her again, blinking both his surprise and his disappointment. Her feet remained on his chest, a barrier to any further attempted advances up her skirt. The salesman couldn't help but admire her shapely calves and thighs. Even his current position was closer than he'd been to a woman in quite some time, so though the main attraction had come to a screeching halt, he could at least enjoy the look and feel of those nylon-encased legs. How he would have enjoyed rubbing them, or licking all the way up them, from her ankles to her...main attraction.
"Really, Winston!" Veronica huffed, still trying to appear righteously offended, "When a lady tells a gentleman to stop kissing her pussy, the gentleman should stop IMMEDIATELY! What do you take me for...a tramp? I AM more than just a pussy for you to salivate over, you know. REALLY! Please try to control yourself!" She was playing with him, being teasingly melodramatic, but he was too stunned to notice.
Winston could only sit there and continue to blink. His lips had been on Nirvana, and when they were ripped away from it, his brain tissue had somehow dribbled out his ears and nostrils and was no longer able to govern his actions. He was pretty much just a huge glob of clay at that point. And a very disappointed glob of clay, to boot.
Then, suddenly, his eyelids went "Cha-ching! Cha-ching!" He hadn't noticed something before, because his eyes - and therefore his gonads - were transfixed by the mesmerizing enticement between Veronica's legs. But, with an inflating of his extremely pleased eyeballs, Winston finally noticed that minor little item he'd previously overlooked.
So busy had he been sniffing up Veronica's skirt, and nuzzling and smooching her pantyhosed crotch, that he missed yet another treat being broadcast for his pleasure. The tight, white blouse above the oh-so-short crimson skirt was about ninety percent unbuttoned. And the way Veronica was leaning forward on the footboard to scold him, her magnificent breasts had not only bolted free from any confinement whatsoever, but they were jiggling ever so sweetly from her every movement. Winston's pupils began darting to and fro, each one locked on an animated nipple, refusing to let either get out of his sight.
When Veronica noticed Winston's nipple-locked, spastic eyes, she grinned from ear to ear. She stopped pretending to be incensed by his previous behavior, and converted to temptress again at warp speed. Now she began to purposely jiggle her chest, taking great amusement from Winston's seizing eyeballs.
"It's about time you noticed them," she said, cupping her breasts in her hands and fondling them for Winston's benefit. The book man's lower lip began to quiver ever so slightly.
"They ARE lovely, aren't they, Winston?" she continued, licking the tips of her index fingers and circling them around and around her hardened nipples. Winston's eyes, protruding to their limits, threatened to explode from their sockets. But that only made Veronica jack up the heat all the more.
"Well, it's good to know you're not a one-dimensional man, Winston. It's nice to see you interested in something other than my pussy. I mean, after all, if I let you try to satisfy me, you'll have to be able to satisfy ALL of me. Or...would that be a problem?" She pinched her nipples gently, giggling when his pupils dilated in rapid response.
"No...no problem," Winston replied, having to force his tongue to form the words properly.
"Ahh, that's what I like to hear. So, Winston, do you just want to stare at me all night or would you like to do more?"
Winston half expected to wake from a dream. He forced his eyes off Veronica's mesmerizing chest. It wasn't easy, as she was still touching her breasts tantalizingly, teasing him with not the slightest hint of mercy in her heart. Still, he was able to enunciate quite clearly, if a bit brokenly, "More...would...certainly...be...nice."
"Really? And do you think you can please a woman like me?" As she spoke, she moved her feet from Winston's chest up to his shoulders. He didn't notice the move itself, but what came next he did notice, in a far off kind of way. Veronica started tickling his earlobes with her stockinged toes, stroking the sides of his neck with the silky nylon, wiggling her toes to tickle under his chin, all the while giving his bulging eyeballs a tempting breast feast. Just that quickly, poor Winston had become the very definition of "drooling idiot."
Nonetheless, something inside Winston was changing rapidly. Maybe it was pent up desires, backed up hormones. Maybe it was raging testosterone brought to a bubbling boil by Veronica's teasing ways. Or maybe he was realizing that he COULD be attractive to women! Nah, who was he kidding...his hormones were just backed up. And Veronica WAS teasing the shit out of him. If she kept it up, she was NOT going to escape this night un-ravaged! PERIOD...end of story! A man could only be teased so much before he'd have to take ACTION!
Just as Winston realized he was feeling quite manly, Veronica again moved her feet. She slipped her right foot under the neck-choking loop of his crumpled tie, inching her toes up higher and higher until she'd worked them just behind the knot. Once there, she flexed and wiggled her toes until she'd slithered all five of the little devils securely behind the knot, working determinedly to loosen the loop that circled his neck. So enraptured was Winston by Veronica's nipple-tweaking fingers, that he barely noticed her toes digging into the flesh of his neck as they carried out their clandestine duties.
Next, Veronica slid her other foot inside that loop, squeezing it in alongside the first. Now, flexing and wiggling her feet in unison, she worked them both forward and back and side to side until she managed to pull the tie farther and farther away from the salesman's throat, loosening the loop so efficiently that it finally sagged limply below his Adam's apple. Phase one complete, she noted with a grin.
After several minutes of stubborn manipulation, she managed to stretch the loop wide enough that one end of the tie finally slipped through the knot, and the tie no longer held his neck captive. She'd untied it with her feet. With an "Ahhhhhhh" of triumph, she then grabbed the center of the tie with her toes and held it up before Winston's eyes for him to see. Her triumphant foot was directly in front of his face, toes curled tightly around the limp tie, her long leg moving slowly from side to side like a stage hypnotist trying to mesmerize a glassy-eyed participant from the audience. Beyond that tick-tocking tie, Veronica's grinning face beamed both proudly, and mischievously. Winston's eyes, changing focal point from breasts to tie-capturing toes, mirrored the tick-tock movement of that victorious foot. And that, in turn, made Veronica's grin that much wider.
"Just one of my many talents," she said through her grin, "and if you play your cards right, I'll show you more."
Winston grinned a toothy grin in return. "Show me more," he said, "I promise to be good."
"My, my, Winston," she replied, "I do believe you're becoming somewhat randy. That grin on your face is positively lecherous!"
In response he simply said, "Show me more tricks, Veronica, and I'll show you 'randy'." Her wide smile of absolute approval had Winston believing in miracles.
Tossing the tie aside, Veronica again placed the soles of her feet on Winston's chest. But they did not remain there. She slowly slid them down his body until they'd reached the firm bulge between his crossed legs. Winston looked down, watching those stockinged feet move deliberately around that bulge.
"Why, what have we here?" Veronica cooed. "Is that for little old me?" With every passing second, her feet came closer and closer to the pup tent in Winston's pants. He was eager for contact, but decided to keep playing Veronica's game.
"All yours," he said, looking boldly into her eyes, his hormones churning more and more from moment to moment.
Her feet made contact. Impish toes played with the bloated head through the fabric of his pants. She stroked as much of his penis as she could through the pants, her eyes locked onto his. Then, just that quickly, her feet were gone from his screaming erection. But both Winston and Veronica looked at the straining bulge, and its pulsating state - even trapped as his penis was - was starkly obvious to anyone who could see. Winston blushed, but only a little. Veronica licked her lips.
Winston was just on the verge of bemoaning the loss of the stroking feet when Veronica again sat back on the bed, feet on the floor, but her legs rocking in and out, giving him quick glimpses between them. Her shoulders she had pushed back so far that her blouse had intentionally come wide open, causing her breasts to stare back at Winston like two huge eyeballs, the large pink nipples so hard he could have bitten them without the flesh yielding at all. Winston's eyes didn't know where to look first, and ended up settling for quick glimpses between Veronica's legs when the view was afforded, and then probing stares at her tits when it wasn't. Not exactly a bad predicament to be in, he thought to himself.
"Winston, dear," Veronica said in a husky, whispery voice, all the time watching his eyes dart from her pussy to her breasts, "if you would care to stand up, I can show you another trick I'm rather good at."
Winston wasn't sure if he could stand at that point or not. Most certainly, the very act of getting up off the floor would cause him a modicum of pain in his nether regions. And certain...adjustments...would need to be made as he rose in order to keep him from spraining his trapped erection. So, while he indeed rose, he did so gingerly, and with great care. Being able to straighten himself totally upright was a victory in itself, if an excruciatingly, tediously slow one. Veronica enjoyed herself immensely at Winston's expense.
When he finally stood straight - and more than a little proudly - before her, Veronica proceeded with her 'trick'. But first she informed him, "You're too far away. Come here, book man." Before Winston could move, Veronica slipped one foot between his legs, hooking her toes under and behind his crotch. Wiggling her toes just behind his pants-covered scrotum, she drew her foot back toward her, drawing Winston along with it, pulling him closer to her in her own inimitable way. He gave no resistance.
"Good," she said, "now I'll show you the trick. Watch this, and marvel at my dexterity."
She resumed wiggling her toes behind his scrotum...but that was just for fun. It had nothing to do with her trick. For that, she lifted her other foot off the floor and probed the front of Winston's pants. She slipped her toes beneath the over flap of his fly, gliding them along the teeth of the zipper until she found the pull tab. Even with stockings on, she was able to squeeze the tab between her first and second toes and grip it securely enough to pull it down, slowly opening Winston's fly. He watched with amusement...and more than a little excitement.
"Oh, Winston," Veronica said when the zipper was all the way down, "how boring. White boxers? You really have to spice up your taste in underwear. But, I suppose I'll have to overlook such things and get to the..." she grinned, "MEAT of the problem, won't I?"
With both feet working as a well-oiled team once again, she managed to unclasp the hook above his zipper in no time at all. Now, nothing stood between Veronica and Winston's throbbing cock but a flimsy pair of boxers. No contest at all. She grinned up at the blushing salesman and locked her eyes onto his. "Now," she licked her lips, "let's see what you have for me, shall we?"
Before Winston could have stopped her - if he'd even wanted to - Veronica's feet were again working between his legs. Miraculously, she managed to slip BOTH feet into the front slit of his boxers. Immediately, Winston felt those talented feet playing with his penis. Veronica laughed as her stockinged feet stroked and jiggled his pulsing cock. The tips of her toes had enormous fun tickling the bottom of his sack ever so lightly. While it was all maddening for poor Winston, his red-faced look of frustration had Veronica giggling with sadistic joy.
Then, in a move that Winston to this day can't remember feeling or seeing, Veronica's feet pulled that throbbing hardon right out of his boxers and into the glare of her brightly lit bedroom! Sure, Winston half expected that to happen, but not so quickly, and not without him even sensing it! It was like a magician's sudden, flamboyant illusion, where his "wand" suddenly appeared out of nowhere. He wasn't sure if he should ejaculate or applaud!
"Well, now," Veronica sighed, "not so bad, after all. Rather impressive for a book salesman, I must say." She looked briefly up at Winston's face, her eyes twinkling intensified interest. Then she again lowered her sight, eyeing that bobbing tool appreciatively for several long minutes, stroking it with her feet, feeling its firmness and its varied contours against her nylon-covered flesh. Then, the delicious sensations stopped for Winston, as she removed her feet from his pride and joy.
"I must have a closer look at this," she said, putting her feet back down onto the floor. Then she leaned forward on the footboard and brought her face close to Winston's erection. Her eyes took in every detail - it's thickness; it's length; the rough, muscled surface; the engorged veins; the gently bobbing helmet, which had already turned a lovely shade of pinkish purple; the kinky, curly hairs at its base. Then she reached out one hand and slipped it into the opened zipper area of Winston's pants, tugging downward to get a better look at his testicles. They were very attractive indeed, filling his scrotal sack quite admirably - though one could argue that this was due to the fact that they'd been so rarely emptied. So impressed was Veronica by those bloated storage units, that she took Winston's penis in her other hand and held it to one side so she could get a still better look.
"Very nice, Winston," she admitted, again looking up into his eyes, "very nice, indeed. Very lovely balls, sir." If he hadn't been concentrating on trying not to cum all over her hands, he'd have replied with a modest "thank you."
Still leaning forward on the bed, Veronica began fondling his sack. She reveled in the feel of those hairy globes, squeezing them gently and rolling them in her palm. With light fingers she traversed the entire circumference of his balls, gauging their full size and shape. Her fingers went all the way back behind them, enjoying the soft, yielding flesh and its firm, round prisoners. Subconsciously - or not - she began lightly stroking Winston's shaft with the fingers of her other hand.
Winston was getting woozy again. He started teetering precariously, his entire body experiencing little spasms of pleasure. Veronica noticed and looked up at him, thoroughly enjoying the look of ecstasy on his face. She stroked him a bit harder, teasing. She tickled his balls lightly, gently stroking the shallow ravine between them with the tip of one finger. Then she pulled out all the stops.
"Oh, Winston," she teased, "you just have to let me kiss this beautiful cock. Would you mind terribly if I just give it a few soft, gentle kisses? Fair's fair, now; I did let you kiss my pussy."
If Winston had tried to reply, he'd have either choked on his tongue or bitten it clean off. So he simply moaned his response.
"Oh, thank you, Winston," Veronica sighed, "you're so kind to let me put my lips on your lovely cock." Knowing the poor man was about to collapse, she proceeded anyway, keeping a constant vigil lest the man crumple to the floor, more than likely taking her with him. Regardless of the dangers, Veronica wanted to drive him still more toward that brink of insanity. So, she did exactly what she said she was going to do.
She puckered her glossy lips and began kissing every inch of Winston's aching member.
Soft lips warmed his cock from the tiny slit at the tip to the tufts of curly hair at its base. He moaned and swayed, barely able to keep himself upright. Veronica purposely made loud cooing and lip-smacking noises as she smooched his happy penis, hoping the sound of her adoring lips would cause Winston still further sublime agony. It worked, all right, bringing a glistening drop of pre-cum peeking from his tiny slit.
But, just as quickly as it had started, the chubby-kissing stopped. It was a few moments before Winston realized this. He continued to sway and drool for several long moments after it had ended, his brain - having lost a good portion of its blood supply - unable to immediately pick up on the cessation of activity between his legs. When the realization hit home, his eyes opened wide, then blinked their surprise and disappointment. He groaned loudly in frustration. Veronica's eyes sparkled their twisted glee.
When a tottering Winston looked down at Veronica, hoping she was poised to resume kissing his cock, he saw her eyeing it curiously. Somehow, this made him wary. "What...?" was all Winston could come up with, verbally.
"Hmmm? What, dear?" Veronica mumbled, her head cocked to one side. "Oh, I was just wondering how long this lovely penis of yours is. It certainly seems above average, and I'd love to know it's length...just for my own curiosity."
"You...you're not going to measure it?" Winston pleaded, wanting her to get back to kissing it as soon as possible.
"Of course I am," she grinned, "but not the way you think. Not with a ruler, silly."
The look of confusion on Winston's still frustrated face was priceless. And, in truth, this was all part of Veronica's game to make him more and more frustrated by the second...especially AFTER she began measuring his tool.
"Would you mind if I put this lovely penis in my mouth, Winston? I'm a very good judge of a man's size just by putting his erect cock in my mouth. I'll bet I can tell you how long your cock is if you'll be kind enough to slip it into my mouth." Closing her eyes, she leaned forward a bit and opened her mouth wide, knowing exactly what Winston would be more than happy to do. He couldn't believe either his ears or his eyes, so he was slow to react, which, truth be told, was actually part of Veronica's wicked, devious plan.
That was when Winston's knees became jelly-like, and his legs wobbled. His eyes went glassy. Veronica couldn't see this, of course, but she sensed it, and laughed to herself. Poor Winston, so easily played. But, he did manage to say, between gasps, "Another...of...your...talents?"
"Exactly," Veronica laughed, opening her mouth wide again immediately after speaking to once again offer Winston his inviting target. She waited, laughing and calculating in her mind, challenging herself to intuitively know when he would finally act and try to plunge his tool home.
Just as Winston finally got his brain in gear and was about to put his penis into her open mouth, Veronica again frustrated him. She leaned back and spoke again, ending his forward penile lunge with his bobbing cock poking at empty air. "Now make sure you put it all the way in, Winston," she teased unmercifully, "It has to go all the way to the back of my throat, so I can properly judge its length. No, wait, here, let me do it. I know just how far it has to go."
Before Winston - ignoring her words and preparing for another stab at mouth-filling - could ready himself for another forward thrust, Veronica took matters into her own hands once more. She reached forward, cupped Winston's testicles in one palm, and then went right ahead and took his throbbing, erect muscle all the way into her mouth, grabbing it in her other hand and shoving it in so quickly that Winston's legs jerked from surprise. She moved her squeezing lips up and down the shaft briefly, moaning and sighing, her fingers fondling his dangling jewels the entire time. Then, keeping his pulsating shaft deep in her mouth, she made noises like, "hmmmmm" and "ummmm-hmmmmmm" and then nodded with conviction.
"Very nice, Winston," she sighed, popping his cock out of her mouth, "it must be somewhere between eight and nine inches long. Let me suck it a little longer, and I can come up with a more exact number. Relax, this might take a few minutes." Again she circled her lips around his shaft and gobbled him deep.
Even under such brain-destroying circumstances, Winston seemed not to have lost his sense of humor. "Hey..." he forced from his throat, "take...all the...time...you need....Knock....yourself....out."
The "sizing" of Winston's cock took a good bit of time, to his unending glee. He stood there, swaying and watching pretty colors in his head, while Veronica's lips and tongue took stock of all the dimensions of his prime beef. His brain had become congealing rubber cement. Synapses refused to work. He was in la-la land, and he didn't have a care in the world, except whether or not he'd have an orgasm before Veronica stopped measuring his penis.
But, as was Veronica's habit, she again left poor Winston frustrated. She loved toying with him. She removed his cock from her mouth, under the pretext that it had been thoroughly measured, and left him once again high and dry. At least for the time being. He stood there, still swaying, frustrated yet again, his mind slowly recovering, though it didn't want to. Gritting his teeth, closing his eyes tightly, he groaned deep in the pit of his stomach and waited for Veronica's next move.
However, by the time his mind cleared, there was a new discovery to be made. Thankfully, stroking again commenced at his bobbing pole. He sighed. He smiled. He closed his eyes in ecstasy. But something was different. He felt warmth against his back. And something warm was also manipulating his buns. He looked down. Veronica was no longer there in front of him at all! She wasn't leaning over kissing his penis, licking it or orally sizing it; she wasn't grinning up at him while she gobbled him senseless. She was nowhere to be seen! But her hands were very much being felt! Slowly,reality came into focus.
"Looking for me, book man?" came hot words in his ear.
Turning his head to one side, he saw Veronica's leering face beside his own. At some point during his loss of mental acuity, she'd managed to stand up and move behind him. Clever maybe, and she did so with the silence of a stalking cat, but hardly anything to be amazed at. However, that was just the tip of the iceberg!
Veronica was now stroking him brazenly from her position standing directly behind him. Her other hand was the cause of the manipulating sensation on his backside. It was squeezing and fondling his cheeks with extreme interest. But, here's the part that boggled Winston's mind: both he and Veronica were totally naked! One quick look at his own lanky body confirmed his own nakedness. But, Veronica was behind him. How could he tell SHE was naked as well?
First, there was that sensual warmth of her body against his, her front pressed tightly against his back. Second, his cock and buns weren't the only things being stroked. Veronica's right leg was slowly rubbing up and down against his own leg, her skin's warmth and softness oh, so delightful sans the clingy nylon. Her legs were bare, and from the heat radiating onto his back, he was sure the rest of her clothing was history, too. This was confirmed when he saw the discarded clothing on the floor around them, both hers and his.
"How..?" he began, amazed he could question anything with the stimulation on his penis and ass so thoroughly clouding his mind.
"Oh, just another of those tricks I'm so good at," Veronica replied, licking his ear. "While I played with your cock, and you were nearly comatose, my dear, I simply took a few...liberties." Her warm breath caressed his neck and the side of his face. Her equally warm fingers were groping his bottom as boldly as you please. And her other hand...well, it was playing his cock like a flutist belting out a solo!
Inundated by all these sensations, Winston was in dire need of release. If Veronica kept stroking him the way she was, and if her nipples kept poking into his back that way, and if she kept nibbling his ears like that, and if her crotch didn't stop rubbing up against his bare ass...he was going to explode all over the foot of her bed!
But, after all these lean, sexless years, a hand job by this woman - no matter how beautiful and sexy she might be - was NOT what he wanted. He deserved something BETTER, after all the torture she'd put him through. And when he remembered kissing hungrily between her legs, how sweet and tasty that nylon covered slit had been, and how badly he'd wanted to tear through those pantyhose and get at that delectable pussy, one thought came screeching like a banshee into his brain....VERONICA'S PUSSY WAS NOW COMPLETELY NAKED!
No, Winston didn't want a hand job. He wanted PUSSY! He wanted to FUCK pussy! He wanted to fuck VERONICA'S pussy! And he wanted all of that...IMMEDIATELY!
Winston reached down and stopped Veronica from stroking his cock. Gently but firmly removing her hand from his shaft, he looked into her eyes as he started to turn around to face her. At first, she couldn't understand why he'd stop her from stroking him. But, when she saw the hunger in his eyes, saw that evil grin consuming his flushed face, she knew what he wanted. That look of need and lust in his eyes made her heart pound. Her chest heaved with excitement as he finally faced her full on.
Winston's eyes rode her body like a surfer catching the big wave, caressing every inch of her naked flesh along the way. He hungered for her breasts, her ass, her legs...and that bare, succulent pussy. And Veronica could tell he was NOT to be denied! He literally vibrated with lust. Just that look in his eyes alone made her start to dribble between her legs.. She instantly felt her own needs come roaring to the fore, deep down there in that steamy rain forest below her belly.
Sex was imminent. And both Veronica and Winston knew no quarter would be given. Some bones might very well be broken this night. Winston's eyes bore into Veronica's. He grinned a salacious grin. She sighed and sucked her lower lip. In a flash, his hands flew to her breasts and squeezed them, the flesh around her nipples becoming taught and sensitive from that manic grip. Veronica threw her head back in ecstasy as Winston lunged forward, locking his lips on first one nipple, then the other, sucking them hard, licking around them, nibbling them, all the while fondling those tempting globes with needy fingers. Veronica stumbled backward, her bare bottom colliding with a sizable desk. Instead of bouncing off of it, her left leg flew upward, the back of her calf landing on the top of the desk. The combination of those acts caused a lamp to nearly slide off the desk, wobbling from one end of the polished surface to the other, but not quite managing to fall over the edge.
With Veronica's leg up on the desk, Winston's penis seemed to sense paydirt. His conscious mind was not aware of the available target, so consumed was it with tasting those glorious tits. But his penis knew. It bloated and throbbed with anticipation, revving up for the attack, guiding Winston's hips forward and between Veronica's thighs. The target was in the cross hairs. Sequence initiated. Time for that teasing pussy to get soundly stuffed!
Veronica was squirming around on the desk top with Winston's mouth all over her breasts and his hands sharing equal duty on those same breasts and her ripe, juicy ass, when the salesman's lance shot home with a vengeance. The squirming sex kitten yelped with the suddenness of the impalement. But her pussy recovered quickly, sucking that thick cock deep inside itself, squeezing it as relentlessly as Winston's hands squeezed her rejoicing bosom. Her pussy wasn't content to just be fucked. No, her pussy decided to give Winston a blowjob! It sucked him raw, even as he pounded into her like a jackhammer on crack.
Framed photographs leaped down on the lovers from above as the desk banged against the wall repeatedly. Small items on the desk rolled around, some clattering to the floor. Something unidentifiable stabbed Veronica's left cheek, but she hardly felt it. When it failed to capture her attention, the sharp object wandered off elsewhere, leaving Veronica to her own devices. Winston sucking the nipples right off her breasts and ramming her senseless seemed to mute any other sensations for the gasping Veronica. For an indeterminate amount of time, only her lips, breasts and pussy seemed capable of feeling anything...and the sensations they felt infused her with a manic,uncontrollable energy. She clawed at Winston like a hissing cat, and if his lips left her breasts for even an instant, she captured them with her own and nearly sucked the moisture from them.
The desk began to creak and wobble under them. The tap-dancing lamp skittered back and forth on the top of the desk, seemingly not sure where it wanted to be. With a moan of agony, one leg of the desk started to give. Next came a cracking, ominous groan, and the desk tilted downward a few inches at the end where Veronica's hair was flying about in the air. As if in response to the tilting of the desk, the speed of Winston's thrusting suddenly increased tenfold. He slammed into her like a mutant jackrabbit, moaning and gasping, hips pumping faster and faster. He grunted and heaved, teeth clenched with lust, the head of his cock seemingly everywhere at once inside Veronica.
The sudden increase in tempo was making Veronica's neck snap, her head flopping back and forth as if attached to her body by springs or rubber. She could barely breathe, her lungs unable to complete their filling and deflating cycles before her abdomen was pushed up into her chest again and again. She knew Winston had been sexually deprived for a long time, but he was humping her as if his intention was to split her clean in two, not just to fuck her!
Then Veronica discovered the reason for Winston's sudden surge of adrenaline. She would have laughed if it all didn't feel so incredible. The skittish lamp had finally given in to the teetering of the desk. It had fallen over, and the shade had flown off of it, presumably rolling somewhere on the floor now. The still lit bulb was bouncing back and forth between the wall and Winston's right ass cheek. Every time it touched his butt, Winston jerked forward from the searing heat, which caused the bulb to again complete the cycle between wall and cheek. The faster Winston humped, the more frequently the bulb seared him into the next thrusting cycle. End result, Veronica was getting a super-hump, a pain-induced sexual frenzy from Winston's lightbulb-fried, pummeling hips and thighs. But through all the pain, Winston never once considered stopping, repositioning himself or taking his mouth off Veronica's bouncing boobs. He'd finally gotten his cock between Veronica's legs, and NOTHING was going to stop him until he was FINISHED!
Then, with a final groan of capitulation, the desk's legs shattered. Down it went, with Veronica and Winston on top of it. Somehow, Veronica seemed to sense the impending disaster, and, with cobra-like speed, wrapped her legs tightly around Winston's waist. There was no way she was going to let the heat of the moment be dampened by an uncooperative piece of furniture! Though the legs had just about atomized under the stress, the rest of the desk maintained it's structure nicely, thus providing somewhat of a cushion for the humping duo as one and all crashed to the floor. Neither of the heated lovebirds even felt the impact. Even though the wind had been knocked out of them briefly, that didn't lessen the intensity of their amorous fusion one tiny bit, nor did it slow the synchronized thrusting of their groins together over and over again.
After an unguessable amount of time riding the floor-bound desktop missionary style, the lovers' mindless sex play began to induce it to slide along the floor, propelled inch by inch across the soft carpet by the insane couple's non-stop fornication. In no time at all, it ended up next to the foot of Veronica's bed. When it got there, Veronica only vaguely realized it, but her sexual psyche picked up on the situation as a convenient means of acquiring some much needed leverage, a way to switch to a new position, a new angle for pleasure.
Veronica's right hand shot up and latched onto the footboard, giving her some stability. Winston's eyes were wide open, but staring blindly across the room as he heaved and grunted for all he was worth. Next, Veronica's other arm arced up and around Winston's neck, bracing herself more fully for her next move. Still keeping up thrust for thrust with Winston, she held both his neck and the footboard and swung one leg up over his shoulder, clocking him in the ear with her ankle in the process. He never even felt it, or, if he did, he didn't care.
With her leg up like that, Winston's penetration instantly deepened. Veronica's eyes rolled up in her head. It felt as if his insistent penis was knocking on her navel from the inside, poking so hard and deep that it might actually tear out of her belly at any moment. It was sublime.
In her hazy fog of lust, she actually had a logical thought. If one leg up on Winston's shoulder made his penetration so incredibly deep, how much MORE incredible would BOTH legs up on his shoulders feel? Thought and deed were almost simultaneous. Up went her other leg. Again Winston's banging hips didn't miss a beat. And, oh, how right her theory had been! Not only were her eyeballs rolled up into her brain, but she was squealing and panting and snarling. Winston's penis HAD to be tickling her tonsils!
The only tradeoff with this move was that Veronica lost some of her ability to thrust back at Winston, but it seemed he didn't need her help anyway. He was doing a simply splendid job of ramming her.
"Oh, yes!" Veronica cried, "FUCK ME you stud! Fuck me, you incredible book boy!"
Winston didn't reply. But he started thrusting harder and faster, and that was as good an answer as Veronica could've hoped for. And when her eyes finally stopped peeking at her brain and returned to looking at Winston, she saw lust just oozing from him. It wasn't sweat that streamed from his pores - it was pure, trickling LUST! Lust for HER!
But, once again Veronica needed a change. She wanted more control. As fantastic as it was, the current position left everything up to Winston, and she wanted to do more than just supply a convenient opening for him to fill. She not only wanted HIM to fuck HER, but SHE wanted to fuck HIM! Veronica was not one to simply sit back and let a man give her a sound humping. No, she was one who preferred to CONTRIBUTE to the festivities!
Bracing herself again with the footboard, she removed her legs from his shoulders and suddenly lunged up, twisting away from the bed. She caught Winston by surprise and flipped him easily onto his back. Sitting on top of him, she had her hips and bottom taking over the humping reins without a moment's delay. Winston's initial look of solemn disappointment was replaced with a smile of approval when he realized that Veronica just wanted a little variety. Her last position change had turned out very well, so he trusted her judgement. Besides, this position would give his heretofore hardworking hips a break.
"You...like...THIS...Winston?" she asked, gasping and leering down at him. "I...love...to be... on top. I can...fuck you...all night...this way." Winston was absolutely fine with that sentiment, even if now it was his turn to lose a little maneuverability and mobility. He was perfectly happy to allow Veronica to take over the riding chores for a bit.
Winston now had a much better angle for groping Veronica's lovely, bouncing breasts, which jiggled ever so succulently as she slammed herself up and down atop his marauding tool. But, Veronica didn't allow Winston ALL the nipple play. She wanted some, too. So, while her pussy pounded his crotch with sexual fury, she bent down and sucked HIS nipples. This made it more difficult for him to grope her luscious tits, but it was a tradeoff. Her hot mouth on his nipples, and her hot pussy squeezing his cock. It was melting his brain in such a scrumptious way that he decided his fondling fingers could use a rest anyway.
Winston simply lay there on his back, either giddily watching Veronica's chest bounce up and down, or feeling her mouth sucking his nipples. It was all delicious. Veronica used her vaginal muscles to squeeze his penis in a powerful grip, as if trying to somehow suck the cum from his testicles with those very muscles. Winston didn't mind at all.
But, once again, Veronica refused to stay in one position.
"Winston...my dear...have I....ever...showed you...my lovely...bottom? If not...you're about...to receive...a lovely... treat... I'm very...proud of...my ass. I think...you'll...enjoy it."
With that, Veronica whirled on Winston's shaft, moving so deftly and skillfully that she never slipped off of it for even an instant. Before Winston knew it, her back was to him, and she resumed her steadfast humping atop his delighted member.
"Now...look at...this," she gasped, bending over, but not slowing her eager pounding of his cock.
She bent over far enough that she could wrap her arms around Winston's legs, grabbing the backs of his calves with her hands. This afforded him an unfettered, mouth-watering view of her entire glorious backside. As she slid herself up and down his penis, he watched that lush ass rise and fall, the flesh of her cheeks rippling slightly with her efforts.
Her ass was indeed beautiful, round and firm and touchable. And so he did just that, reaching out both hands to fondle that irresistible full moon. This seemed to animate Veronica even more. Gasping and panting, she not only slid herself up and down along his shaft, but she also rotated her hips in a circular motion, wiggling her bottom as she rode his muscle. The rotating served two purposes: it apparently enflamed Winston - judging by the increased groping of his hands - and it caused the head of his penis to literally scour every inch of the inside of her canal...leading to such incredibly delicious sensations. So, up and down went that adorable ass...round and round, and up and down. It was mesmerizing to the ecstatically happy book salesman.
But, an even more delectable view was afforded by this position. As if watching Veronica's ass rise and fall and rotating his captive cock in intriguing circles inside her wasn't enough, something else not only caught his eye, but emblazoned its imprint on his psyche forever.
Bent low with her fine bottom high in the air afforded the desirable view of her sweet, dripping opening being thoroughly stuffed by his hungry cock. Below those kissable cheeks, the lips of her pussy squeezed his member tightly, gliding rapidly up and down his tool on a more than adequate layer of natural lubrication. His shaft glistened wetly as he watched that gorgeous pussy racing along its length, sucking him in deep, slapping loudly into his crotch over and over again. It was as if Veronica's steaming sex was greasing his rod for its own sordid purposes. Not only did it feel incredible, but watching every moment of it unfold before his eyes was something he could only marvel at. The only comparison he could make in his hazy brain was that it was like watching a porn movie and experiencing it at the same time. God, it was grand!
"Oh, God!" Veronica screamed suddenly, "Winston...you MUST...do me....doggie style!...NOW!"
She vacated his penis with such haste that he was momentarily dumbfounded. But, when he saw her climb up onto the bed and get on her hands and knees on the center of the mattress, with that gorgeous ass pointed directly at him, wiggling impatiently, he recovered quickly, jumped to his feet, and bounded onto the bed. He was back inside her in an instant.
He literally flew onto the bed, landing on his knees behind her. His penis made a beeline for the offered orifice, entering her quickly and easily. Less than ten seconds had elapsed from her having gotten off of him on the floor and his sending his rocket home.
And now Winston could play with her tits again, too! Oh, glorious day! Reaching around her, his hands found what they were looking for. Veronica sighed as he again fondled them and pinched those pert nipples. He kissed her neck, her ears, her shoulders. He sucked her earlobes and licked anywhere his tongue could reach. But it was his cock that was doing most of the hard work...or rather, his relentless, pulverizing hips.
"This...what...you...want?" Winston snarled, ramming hard into her, emphasize each word with a potent thrust of his hips.
"Oh yes! Yes! Yes! I...love it! Give me...all you've...got...book man!"
Now Veronica and Winston could again thrust in unison, with greater conviction. And so they did. He bucked into her like a demented stallion. She rocked back to meet his every thrust with equal force.
The bed rocked violently. A few springs even groaned their displeasure. Winston and Veronica groaned for other reasons. The force of Winston's thrusts slowly pushed Veronica around the bed, inch by inch. She crawled on hands and knees all the way to the head of the bed. Once there, she again grabbed for support, clasping both hands firmly onto the headboard, so she could slam back into Winston with even more force. Winston replied by increasing his heated assault on her sex.
Winston finally felt the initial tinglings of impending orgasm. They began as slight chills dancing along his lower spine. But, those tinglings made him want orgasm all the more, made him more mad with desire. A sudden urge to shove his cock all the way to Veronica's temples invaded his brain. He looked down at his invading penis and wanted more. He wanted more penetration. Something inside him said he needed to shoot his entire load as deeply into Veronica as he could. He didn't just want to - he NEEDED to.
Like an unthinking animal, Winston yanked back hard on Veronica's hips. The sudden, unexpected tug ripped her hands free of the headboard, and she slammed to the mattress on her face, the two fluffy pillows flying off either side of the bed and landing almost soundlessly on the floor. Still in severe heat, Veronica didn't care in the slightest about this abrupt, unexpected new set of circumstances. She instantly rolled onto her back, looking up in shock and confusion at Winston - quite annoyed when he momentarily removed his penis from her - yet most certainly still ready to continue their incredible hump.
Wasting no time whatsoever, Winston quickly wrapped his left arm around Veronica's right hip, lifting her off the bed. He then grabbed her left leg by the ankle and held it out wide from her body, drooling at the sight of that moist, waiting flower. The sight of that wet pussy screaming up at him drove him insane. He straddled her other leg and, still holding her up off the bed, slammed his penis home. She squealed loudly and shuddered from head to toe. When he let go of her ankle to grab her other hip for more ramming stability, he again received a kick in the ear as Veronica put her leg once again up on his shoulder. Drooling her lust, she very much approved of her cowboy's creativity under pressure. She was even proud of him!
By this time, however, their position on the bed had shifted, and they were dangerously close to the edge. Still, neither of them noticed or cared. Winston was pounding into Veronica so hard that she was bouncing up and down on the springy mattress, each bounce taking her closer to the edge.
Five minutes into this side-saddle free-for-all, Veronica's upper body was dangling over the side of the bed, her flailing right arm having knocked an alarm clock and another unsuspecting lamp off the bed table, before finally getting a secure grip on the leg of the table. This didn't help, however, as the constant barrage between her legs only made this table as unstable as the desk had become earlier, and it finally toppled over completely.
The sex roared on, both parties oblivious to anything else around them. Winston's penis was filling her so completely that nothing else mattered to Veronica. Like Winston, she was feeling the first stirrings of release, and her brain was focusing on that and that only. Chills swept over her entire body like a million windswept snowflakes, each melting into a droplet of sweat.
Winston was again sucking her nipples, then kissing her mouth, sucking her tongue. She could feel every inch of his erect shaft as it drilled into her core. But it was that delectable helmeted head that brought the most pleasure. She could feel it rush up the entire length of her canal and poke roughly into her womb, only to retreat and allow her stretched walls to relax briefly on its way back out, before ramming its way in again. Over and over that stimulating head sent chills throughout her body. Add to that Winston's hungry mouth and fondling fingers, and she was on the verge.
Veronica's pussy had a mind of its own, gobbling Winston's cock with not only a hunger for the penis itself, but an unquenchable thirst for the liquid it was primed to eject. Her very soul wanted his cum inside her. And she would do ANYTHING to get it.
Veronica squirmed and moaned and snarled her lust, dangling over the bed with her arms almost touching the toppled bed table. Winston pumped and growled above her, his own knees getting ever closer to the edge of the mattress. What happened next was only inevitable. And, as before, neither of these sex-crazed animals noticed.
Winston screamed his orgasm, slamming his hips forward harder and faster, trying to fill Veronica as deeply as was humanly possible. Again holding her off the bed with his arms around her waist, he hopped like a kangaroo as he slammed into her repeatedly, inching ever closer to disaster.
The fury of Winston's orgasm had Veronica flailing and gasping for air. His molten liquids spurting into her made all the chills go away, replacing them with an internal flame that burned deep and hot. As the displaced chills raced to the outer edges of her body, the heat of her orgasm spread out from deep inside, chasing those chills ever further from her bubbling core. Her tiring muscles tensed. Her back arched, lifting her hips up to meet Winston's. With a moan that grew in intensity from second to second, Veronica curled her toes and became stiff as a board for an instant. Then, all hell broke loose.
Winston was grunting and heaving atop Veronica, his genitalia emptying themselves into her, when she suddenly became more animated than he'd seen her all night. Her legs kicked and she bucked and bounced on the bed, her fingers scratching his shoulders and upper arms as she flailed and writhed. Her mouth opened in a soundless cry, but it didn't remain soundless for long. From deep in her lungs the scream came wrenching out, building in intensity until it nearly shook the walls.
At that point, Winston could barely ride her without falling off. Her hips bucked up against him like a bucking bronco, seriously threatening to dislodge him. Only by lowering himself down against her and holding on for dear life, did he avoid being bucked off.
"Oh, God!...Winston! Oh, God! Oh, GOD!" Veronica's hands flew up and grabbed his head. She pulled him to her and kissed him so hard it hurt his mouth. She snorted, breathing through her nose as she kissed him, refusing to give his tasty lips their freedom. All the while she bucked against him and moaned into his mouth.
Suddenly, the world turned upside down. Still locked in embrace, climaxing and madly mauling each other's lips, Winston and Veronica tumbled off the bed. All the way down their hips still slammed into each other, Winston continued to spurt into Veronica, and she continued to welcome every drop, freely giving him her own juices in return.
They rolled around on the floor, kissing and rutting and gasping for air, arms and legs wrapped around each other as their bodies fused at the middle. In the process, a shoe rack had all the shoes kicked out of it and a vanity chair was upended on top of said shoe rack. Framed pictures - in addition to the ones by the desk - that hung on walls they weren't even near also ended up shattered on the floor. They all joined the desk and bed table as victims of this hyperactive tryst. The spastic couple jerked and twitched and flailed about the room, caroming off walls and kicking over large objects, until both of them were on the verge of dehydration.
When they finally stopped rolling around on the floor, the exhausted Winston and Veronica found themselves about three quarters of the way across the room, in the center of the floor, somewhat entangled in their discarded clothing. Somehow, the bedspread had also become twisted in their sweaty arms and legs. They lay there in a heap, gasping and still convulsing, digging out from under clothing and the bed covering. But both of them were smiling from ear to ear. Both felt purged. And Winston had finally gotten his piston greased for the first time in over a decade! One can only imagine how HE felt!
Winston was the first to sit up, groggily looking down at the exhausted Veronica. She laughed as she watched his shirt and jacket topple off his head. He returned the laugh, lifting up her pantyhose, which had wrapped itself around her left leg. When he lifted the hose in the air, it pulled her leg up with it, like the stringed appendage of a marionette. She had to laugh, too.
"Well, book man," she said, still breathing heavily, "I suppose we can't judge our books by their covers, now, can we?"
"No, ma'am," he replied quietly, still basking in the wake of a long-overdue orgasm.
Veronica sat up, smiling as she plucked his tie from his shoulder. "Well, Winston, dear, I vote we have ourselves a cup of coffee and see if we can't rest up for..." she winked..."round two."
Winston nearly jumped her right then and there. After all, when you've not had sex for years, one orgasm simply will not suffice. "I second that vote," he replied, returning her wink.
Standing up a bit shakily, the temporarily wasted duo stretched and rubbed their aches, then shuffled off in the direction of the kitchen. Veronica looked around at the utter mayhem that had once been her bedroom, and shrugged.
"Oh, well, small price to pay for a really good fuck, eh, Winston, dear?"
"I couldn't agree more," he replied, " and I can help you clean up later."
"Good, but...are you any good at repairing things? We seem to have ruined some furniture."
"Me? Heh...I sell books. Tell you what, I'll help you BUY new furniture. How's that?"
"Oh, that would be so sweet of you, dear. I truly would appreciate that."
"Not a problem, Veronica. It's the least I can do...."
Veronica stopped short, holding up her hand, waving him silent. "Shhhh...!" she hissed, her head cocked to one side, ears listening intently. There was the slowly growing sound of footsteps down at the far end of the outside hallway. Veronica's eyes got wider with each footfall that reverberated ever nearer to her door, until recognition had those eyeballs nearly dropping free of their sockets.
"What's wrong?" Winston whispered.
"Oh, no. Oh, no, it can't be. He's supposed to be in Seattle..." A look of fear crossed her lovely face. The footsteps in the hall grew louder still, closer, approaching with a purpose.
"He? He who?" Winston asked, a sliver of fear twitching at his tailbone. Whoever owned the feet making those loud footfalls in the hallway must be something akin to a rhinoceros in size and weight. The twitch skipped up Winston's spine a few inches, waiting patiently to see if it should advance further northward.
Then, from out in the hall came a booming, "Getcher panties off, Sweetcakes...Bruno's home!" followed by boisterous laughter and a poor attempt at whistling.
Veronica's complexion turned four shades whiter. Her eyes grew wide and she looked at Winston as if she were already reading his obituary.
"Okay," Winston said, holding his breath, "so who's this Bruno? Someone you know intimately, it would seem."
"Yes," she replied as if giving condolences, "he's my...well...boyfriend."
The tiny twitch in Winston's spine received the go-ahead to race up along his vertebrae. In fact, it grew into more than just a niggling twitch. It became a full-blown stream of spine-chilling anxiety.
"Your boyfriend? Your...BOYFRIEND?!," he yelled, finally exhaling. Winston turned even paler than Veronica. Somehow, it seemed as if his lungs were unable to suck in air.
"Yes," Veronica replied, "and he's....very jealous."
"Wonderful," Winston sighed, his mind's eye also reading his obit. "Can I assume he's as big as he sounds?"
"Bigger," she replied, shuddering as she pictured him standing next to the scrawny Winston.
"So," Winston said quietly, "basically, I'm a dead man?"
"I believe so," Veronica answered matter-of-factly, her eyes looking at him sadly. "But, if it's any consolation, you were an incredible fuck, Winston."
"Wonderful. I wonder if that'll help get me into heaven. Maybe it'll even look nifty on my tombstone." He looked around, his mind searching for something. He wasn't sure what. His brain was about to go on autopilot, because actual intellectual thought would probably get him killed.
The footsteps in the hallway stopped. There came a pounding on the door that sounded like a car had skidded and smashed into it. "Pussykins, it's your big, studly man. Open the door for Bruno. Are ya naked, babe? C'mon, I haven't had pussy in a week! Open up!"
Winston began sweating profusely...and every drop of it meandered wetly down his naked body to form a carpet-drenching pool at his feet. Vaguely, Winston wondered what death would be like. Winston's gangly frame suddenly became a blur of motion. He rushed about the bedroom like a cartoonish Tazmanian Devil, only his hands popping out of his tornadic funnel to snatch up his scattered clothing piece by piece. Somewhere in that cloud of motion Winston had managed to put on his socks and underwear, but nothing more. All the while, the pounding at the front door became more and more insistent.
"Hey, Ronnie...whatcha waitin' for? Open up the door. Your stud muffin's home. I need me some nookie, babe!"
Veronica could do nothing but stand in the middle of the bedroom and stare vacantly at the speedy Winston. She hadn't a clue what to do. At one point, Winston caught a quick glimpse of her, and her lips were moving silently. He suspected she was praying. It seemed like a sensible thing to do.
Just as Winston had gathered up every last piece of clothing, and somehow located and retrieved his briefcase, a horrendous thud shook the door. It shuddered on its hinges, and one screw sailed out of the center hinge and hopped merrily down the hallway toward the bedroom. Cracks appeared at the two upper corners of the door frame. The scurrying book salesman wanted to weep, but he didn't have the time. Nor did he have any moisture left in his body. He'd left it all in a puddle of sweat on the carpet.
"I'm not jokin' around here, Snugglepants. I'm horny as a rhino here. OPEN UP THE FUKKIN' DOOR!" Bruno seemed to be getting a tad...impatient.
Another blow rocked the door. It heaved inward with a loud groan. More cracks appeared around the door frame. The center of the door splintered in several places. The entire middle hinge now released its hold on the frame and sailed down the hallway, landing at Winston's feet as he rushed blindly about, searching for the room with the balcony. His fear-stricken brain managed to remember the balcony - as a possible escape route to both sweet freedom and restored sanity - but his panic kept him from figuring out which direction would take him toward that much needed exit. Veronica's dragging him down the hallway earlier, keeping him from getting his bearings, didn't help matters much, either. The end result was a skinny, nearly naked man carrying his clothing and briefcase, running about in circles in blind panic, looking for anything that might save his skin. If the situation wasn't so fraught with danger for the poor book salesman, it would have been comical.
"No!" Veronica cried, "Not that way! Over here! No....wait...here....HERE!" She looked like a manic traffic cop, pointing left, then right, Winston's eyes barely focusing on her directions, anyway. Finally, she realized that he did not have time to try the risky jump over the balcony to freedom - and hopefully a long and fruitful life - so she intervened in his pinballing madness and grabbed him by the shoulders, her stabilizing hands putting a sudden end to his whirling dervish antics.
"Quick, get into the armoire!" she screeched in a hissing whisper, "Hurry, that door won't hold Bruno for long."
"But, I'll be trapped," Winston insisted, his pupils dilated with fear.
"Honey," Veronica replied quietly, "you already are. There's no time to escape now. We'll just have to hope Bruno doesn't find you."
That did not reassure Winston in the slightest. However, dazed and unsteady, he slowly staggered in the direction Veronica indicated, to the armoire he previously didn't even know existed. His movements were halting and lethargic, as if his body had finally run out of gas and his zombiefied brain had forthwith gone bye-bye. Veronica opened one of the double doors and he stepped in - or rather, he sort of oozed into the darkened interior. He was taking so long at this endeavor that Veronica put both her hands on his back and shoved him inside, so hard in fact that he slammed face-first into the armoire's rear panel, but never even seemed to notice. His body quaking with fear, he slowly slid down that inside back panel and rotated counterclockwise until he ended up in a sitting position in one corner of the armoire, facing the front doors, eyes staring vacantly. His face was blank, ghostly pale. Shaking her head, feeling sorry for him, yet realizing the need for urgency, Veronica closed the doors quickly behind him. Slumped against the back of the armoire, Winston's retreating mind seemed almost amused when it suggested to him that he might want to get used to the darkness, because, in all likelihood, he'd be dead soon anyway.
"Bruno!" Veronica cried, rushing out of the bedroom and down the hallway, "stop smashing the door! I'm coming, honey, I'M COMING!"
She heard a good deal of grumbling outside the door as she unlocked it, her mind noting the damage Bruno had done to it, and then shuddering inside her skull at the thought of that same damage - or worse - being done to poor Winston. When she opened the door, she jumped back, her nerves still understandably on edge.
"What took you so long, babe? I been hollerin' like a crazy man out here forever! If I don't get some lovin' soon, I'm gonna hafta go hump ol' Nellie Wankerwacker down the road, and you know how SHE skeeves me out! What's up? You don't love your Bruno no more?"
Veronica looked the lumbering hulk over, trying to calm herself before answering. It didn't help much at all. Bruno stood about six foot ten and weighed in excess of three hundred and fifty pounds, most of it pure muscle. How much in excess was anyone's guess. His enormous shoulders barely fit through the doorway, thanks to endless hours in the gym and intermittent injections of illegal body-enhancing substances. You see, Bruno was what you'd call an...enforcer...and those "professionals" needed to be pretty tough at all times. He also had a little bouncer job on the side...but just for relaxation. His muscles had muscles. Only his bulging belly attested to his love for beer. His enormous, square face looked like the mutated offspring of Rocky Balboa and the Terminator, if such a coupling were even possible. Very little intelligence backlit those angry eyes.
Bruno stepped inside, having to duck to clear the top of the door frame and turn to one side to squeeze his massive bulk through the opening. He already had his flannel shirt unbuttoned to the waist, and his grubby jeans unzipped. He really WAS horny, and he looked Veronica up and down as if she was the first woman he'd seen in a decade. Once fully inside, he bent down and kissed the top of her head...and waited for her reply.
"I'm sorry, baby," she cooed, her voice quivering just a bit, "I was...I was...just getting into the shower." Slowly, with a trembling hand, she quietly closed the door behind the lumbering behemoth. Even the faint click of the locking deadbolt jangled her frayed nerves.
"Hey, you know you don't hafta shower for ME, babe. I like ya all hot 'n' sweaty. C'mere, give your Bruno some tongue. We're gonna fuck up a storm tonight, hon. We might even bust up some furniture!" A shudder racked Veronica's entire body.
"Um....honey...baby..." she whispered up toward his chin, "not tonight, okay? I'm kind of tired. Do you mind, sweetums?"
Bruno's broad, square-jawed face changed color, a healthy flesh hue becoming somewhat crimson.
"Yer kiddin', right?" he asked with controlled anger, "I just told you I'm horny as hell, and ya wanna put me off? That ain't like you, babe. You usually can't wait for Bruno to stick it to ya with his big salami. You sick or sumthin'?"
"Yes, that's it," Veronica stammered, "I'm sick. I haven't felt well all..."
"Hey, wait a minute," Bruno's somewhat smallish brain finally kicked in, "howcum ya answered the door all naked? Why dintcha put on a robe or sumthin'? That ain't like you, neither."
"Well, you see? That proves it. I'm not feeling well. Like I said, I've been sick all..."
Bruno's brow furrowed. His eyes became hard as he scanned her from head to toe. He leaned down and sniffed at her, his huge nostrils sucking in the scent of her skin...and much more.
"Nuh uh," he said, glaring at her, standing back up to his full height. "I smell sumthin on ya. Somethin' ain't right."
Veronica was getting more nervous by the millisecond. Her words faltered. "Everything's...fine...honest....honey...sweetie. I'm just..."
"Nope," Bruno interrupted, "ya got a smell on ya...a familiar smell. I'd know that smell anywhere." He leaned down again and stopped with his reddening eyes less than a foot from hers. "Ya got the smell of sex on ya, Ronnie. You been porked tonight, ain't ya?"
"No!" Veronica laughed nervously, "Of course not! What other man could even come close to pleasing me the way you do? Really, Bruno...you're just being silly."
"Nope, I ain't. You got the smell of another man all over ya. You went an' got yourself fucked, dintcha? Some guy poked his salami inta ya, didn't he? Fess up, you been cheatin' on me, aintcha, Pussykins?" When he said "Pussykins," the word hissed out of his mouth, as if he was taking great satisfaction from spitting out some vile cuss word.
"No, Bruno, I swear..."
He wasn't listening. He brushed past her, not an easy thing for him to do in the narrow hallway.
"Where is he? Is he still here? Did the dead meat go home already or is he waitin' here ta die?"
"Bruno, you're just being silly, honest. There's no..."
Bruno's hand shot up, indicating Veronica should immediately embrace silence. Quaking with fear, she followed along behind him silently as he made a stomping, snorting beeline for the bedroom. When he walked through the doorway into it, he stopped short. He grunted. His eyes scanned the room. It didn't take a genius to see that SOMETHING had happened. The desk destroyed, the bed table and shoe rack overturned, chairs and lamps upended , Veronica's clothing scattered all over the floor, her bed a disheveled mess at this time of the evening. But the kicker was the scent of sex.
"It was a burglar," Veronica tried. "I didn't want to alarm you, baby. I know how upset you get..."
Again Bruno's hand demanded silence.
As he lumbered through the room, his keen eyes sought the proof...and found it. On the opposite side of the bed, the carpet was stained with the fluids of lust. Veronica cringed as he bent down to touch the spatters and then bring his fingers up to his nose to sniff at them. He growled deep in the pit of his churning guts.
Slowly Bruno turned to look at Veronica, eyes blazing. His lips curled into a sick smile. He knew he was right, and what's more, he knew he might have a chance at revenge.
"This cum is fresh," he snarled. "Someone shoved his meat in ya just before I got here. In fact, I'll bet I caught ya's by surprise, huh?"
This time, Veronica was speechless entirely on her own. In the armoire, Winston was cringing and praying, and trying desperately not to pass out. Through the tiny crack between the two doors, he could peer out and see the lumbering Neanderthal that was Veronica's muscle bound boyfriend. It had made him quite apprehensive, to say the least.
"I'll bet, too," the immense moron continued, "that he's still here. I'll bet he didn't have time to get away, and he's hidin' somewhere. Am I right, Sugarpants? If I look around, will I find your new boyfriend?" He grinned at her, a cruel, sickly grin. Veronica's mouth moved, but nothing came out.
Inside the armoire, Winston faced a dilemma. His bowels were fighting mightily to let loose, emptying themselves of the remains of his last several meals. Fear had him on the verge of soiling himself in a very big way. But, if he did so, chances are Bruno's obviously sensitive nostrils would easily pick up on the scent, and his last moments of inhaling sweet oxygen in any way, shape, or form would surely be at hand. The flip side of that conundrum was this: if he kept his cheeks clenched tightly enough together to prevent the embarrassing - and dangerous - release, and if Bruno did indeed discover his whereabouts, how would he be able to run from him fast enough to actually escape? Holding one's cheeks together tightly enough to prevent leakage has never, to Winston's knowledge, been conducive to sprinting for one's life. To clench or not to clench, that was poor Winston's life and death dilemma.
Bruno stood up, grinning madly at Veronica. "I wonder," he said softly, "is he under HERE....?" He reached down with one hand and easily lifted the Queen size bed off the floor, flipping it over as if it weighed next to nothing. It came to a crashing halt upside-down on the floor.
Inside the armoire, Winston clenched - hard.
"How about, maybe, inside HERE...!" Bruno tore the closet door off its hinges, dropping the dangling door next to the overturned bed. "Hmmm...guess there's only one place left to try in this room, then I'll check out the rest of the apartment."
Bruno reached the armoire in just three floor-shuddering, giraffe-sized steps. He paused with his hands on the doorknobs. He sniffed the air, then leaned forward and sniffed at the sliver of space between the doors. He grinned. His face reddened. He turned to look back at Veronica, who was about to swoon. A small glob of spittle dribbled downward from his bottom lip to his chin, where it dangled precariously as he grinned at her maliciously.
"Gotcha!" Bruno yelled as he again effortlessly tore doors off their hinges. Lunging forward, his huge, square, fleshy face pushed all the way to the rear of the armoire, his glaring eyeballs ending up just inches from the now standing - though precariously so - Winston's bleached, sweating face. Those eyes were so close to his, in fact, that Winston could actually count the numerous squiggly red blood vessels surrounding Bruno's pupils.
Bruno's head shot back, the expression on his face changing from rage to confusion. He turned to Veronica again, his face a mask of blinking disbelief. "THIS is the man who fucked ya? HIM?!! He's scrawny...a wimp! You prefer HIS dick over mine?"
Again Veronica's mouth moved soundlessly. She was wringing something in her hands, but was unaware of that fact. Only her hands moved. The rest of her, except the noiselessly babbling lips, was frozen with fear.
Immediately, Bruno turned back to his cringing victim. He had to look down, for the weak-kneed Winston had collapsed and was sitting on his butt amidst the armoire's contents. He, too, was wringing something - the sides of his briefcase. When Bruno leaned down - most likely to end his life - Winston rammed his briefcase forward with both hands, slamming it into the man-mountain's face. His intention was to make Bruno howl in pain and stagger about the room, thus facilitating an attempt at escape. Bruno, however, didn't cooperate. He merely looked mildly stunned. He blinked his surprise, then wiped at his nose, to see if it was bleeding. Encountering no damaged tissue, he returned his attention to his prey. Winston's bowels nearly let loose again.
Bruno hauled Winston out of the armoire, holding him by one ankle and dragging him pretty much on his face to the center of the room. Once out in the open, he lifted the salesman up in the air, hoisting him skyward by his skinny calves until his eyes were level with the little man's crotch. Holding the man upside down in his firm grip, he appraised his crotch area, just to ease his own bruised macho ego.
"Hmph!" he said indignantly, "Tiny little cock. Can't even make a bulge in his shorts. I thought so. That's barely big enough to fit up your NOSE, Ronnie. Ya didn't really fuck this twit, didja?"
Veronica smiled sheepishly. Anything requiring higher thought was well beyond her at this point. Her brain had left the building.
Bruno continued to hold the squirming Winston inverted in the air. Moving his hands alternately, he worked them continually up Winston's legs a few inches at a time, until he was holding him by his upper thighs, his legs still wagging in the air above them both. Holding Winston by the thighs with his arms upraised, Bruno could look the upside down book man right in the eyes.
"So, you like fucking my girl, little dick man?" Bruno asked, eyes blazing. Winston was wise enough not to reply. "You think your little wee wee made her happy? Had a good time, didja? Fucked her all over our bedroom, it looks like. Put that tiny little cock in her sweet pussy, didja?" With each word, Bruno's face was turning a brighter and brighter shade of red. "Musta felt really good having your dick in my girl, huh? Think you made a fool out of Bruno, do ya? Huh?"
Winston replied meekly, "No, Mr. Bruno, sir, I swear, I had no idea. SHE'S the one who..."
Veronica finally found words, out of sheer self preservation. "Don't listen to him, Bruno, he RAPED me! He forced his way in here and MADE me have sex with him! Honest, I wouldn't lie to you, baby!"
This theory sat much better with Bruno, who couldn't believe that his darling "Pussykins" could possibly WANT another man. So, this was the "truth" he embraced, much to Winston's dismay.
"Aha!" Bruno exclaimed, "I knew it! I knew ya couldn't fuck a wimp like this unless ya HAD to!"
"No, wait..." Winston tried, "I swear..." His eyes pleaded with Veronica for her to speak the truth, but she had her own life to preserve.
"Shut your skinny little mouth, geekface. My Ronnie don't lie. She loves my dick, and she'd never wanna even SEE your little thing unless you forced her to. I'm gonna teach you to rape my girl. And there ain't gonna be no police involved. You gonna disappear all nice and quiet like. Cuz, ya see, little dick...I'm gonna make you dead. And I'm gonna do that little thing with my very own bare hands. Ain't that nice o' me?"
That was when Winston discovered two things: 1) he did indeed have moisture left in his body, despite all the sweating he'd done, and 2) there were other avenues of escape for bodily wastes besides his tightly clenched sphincter. Fear found a way.
It wasn't his quaking sphincter that sprung a leak, but his shrunken, terrified penis. As he looked into Bruno's enraged face, eye to eye with impending doom, his bladder let loose, efficiently evacuating all the remaining moisture in Winston's trembling body. A thin yellow stream dribbled down onto Bruno's head, spattering noisily on the top of that flat, short-cropped noggin. Winston watched with growing terror as several yellow streams flowed down the sides of Bruno's square head. Bruno's eyes crossed as he watched a drop work its way down the bridge of his nose and dangle off the tip. By the time it gained enough weight and volume to drop off his nose, Bruno's facial flesh had turned an ominous, mottled mixture of enraged reds and purples. The number of blood vessels crowding the whites of his eyes easily doubled. His mouth formed a scowl of pure rage, his teeth clenched together so tightly that they threatened to shatter. Spittle bubbled up at the corners of Bruno's snarling mouth.
"Heh...so sorry...excuse me. That was unintentional, I assure you." Winston babbled meekly, trying his best to look sympathetic and contrite. He only succeeded in looking pathetic. Not surprisingly, his apology had no effect on Bruno whatsoever. Veronica turned away, praying openly now.
Bruno trembled with the purest anger Winston had ever seen when he said slowly and calmly, squeezing the words from between clenched teeth, "Now Bruno gonna make you dead....TWICE!"
When the gist of that illogical sentiment niggled its way into Winston's nearly paralyzed brain, his bladder had yet another spasm. His shriveled penis twitched weakly, and the tiny opening again puckered, anointing the already irate Bruno with a short, meek little burst of concentrated urine. Again spattering down on Bruno's head, this time it chose a new target, raining down instead onto Bruno's throbbing right temple. It circled around impossibly, slithered snakelike along his eyebrow and then suddenly lunged downward directly into his eye. It burned. Bruno finally did howl in pain, and released one of Winston's legs to rub the salty fire from his eye.
That was Winston's one chance. With one leg now having escaped Bruno's iron grip, Winston was free to bring it down from it's lofty altitude and pull his knee back into position for an offensive strike. He aimed his foot directly at Bruno's face and shoved it forward with every ounce of strength his slim body contained. Thankfully, it was enough.
Bruno dropped Winston like a rock and staggered backward, one hand still rubbing his burning eye and the other holding his nose. Winston's heel bone had apparently accomplished what his briefcase couldn't.
Winston scrambled away from the wobbling behemoth, his eyes already madly searching for escape. He no longer sought the balcony, because he knew Bruno would be on him long before he could find it. Any window would do. He'd take his chances with the three story drop. Even if it killed him, he was sure it would be a much more merciful, and infinitely less painful, way to die than at Bruno's hirsute, thick-knuckled hands.
Mercifully, the gods that be allowed him to locate the window. It was within sprinting distance. And Winston didn't even care if his sphincter let loose along the way. That would be someone else's problem. He just wanted to live.
Winston was right about the balcony. He'd never have found it in time. In fact, Bruno moved even more quickly than Winston expected him to. He was only a few feet behind as Winston raced for the window. It was closed, but he was willing to jump through the glass. Again, less painful than Bruno's pounding paws.
A mere ten feet from sweet, blissful escape, Winston encountered an unexpected hindrance to his flight - in the form of his own gangly clumsiness. For no apparent reason - other than the fact that the fates must surely hate him - the toes of his left foot somehow became entangled in the carpeting on the floor, so much so that they dug into one particularly intriguing spot and stayed put, even though the rest of his body insisted on continuing it's forward momentum. Hence, Winston, shock and pain carved bone deep into his face, did an agonizing split, his right foot seeming to hover in the air briefly before it came thudding down, thus allowing his already taxed scrotal area to come crashing to the floor. His face immediately became a painful, fiery red, but when his mouth tried to wail his agony, all that came out was a single, amusingly weak, strained squeal.
With the grace of God, the partially blinded Bruno didn't see all of this until it was too late. His huge bulk and rage-propelled speed had endowed him with momentum - much greater by far than Winston's could ever be - that few things on this planet could've stopped. So, unable to stop short and grab the crumpled and vulnerable Winston, Bruno instead tripped over him and sailed headlong toward the window.
He met the glass at Mach speed, shattering it into a spray of shiny slivers. He was cut in a few places by them, but he had a much bigger problem to contend with. Due to his immense size, he had become stuck in the window, trapped within it's tight wooden frame. He bellowed in rage, squirming and wriggling to break free...and he was making progress to that effect. This worried Winston much.
Winston scrambled to his feet, his groin still throbbing from his ungraceful crotch pounding. Ignoring the pain, he ran up behind Bruno and slammed into him with his shoulder, at full throttle, attempting to shove the bulky goon through the window and, hopefully, down to his long overdue demise. He didn't budge. His meaty buttocks sort of rippled a bit, but then even that slight movement subsided. In fact, all the ill-fated attempt accomplished was to both humor and aggravate the wedged Bruno. Bellowing cruel laughter, the enormous window captive chided, "Nice try, dead meat fuck-face!" Immediately, his squirming and straining to be free continued.
Again and again Winston pushed at Bruno's huge backside, kicking and pounding and screaming like a girl, All it did was make Bruno that much angrier.
"Bruno gonna pound yer ugly face, skinny man! He gonna kick yer balls up to your throat so you choke on 'em! He gonna kill you so bad you gonna BEG him to let you die! You hear me, limp dick?!" Bruno squirmed and squirmed, slowly working himself free of the confining window frame. He was forcing his incredible mass backward centimeter by centimeter. Like the door frame earlier, the wall around the window began to crack. Bruno's escape seemed imminent, as did Winston's untimely demise. Panic again clutched at Winston's heart with icy fingers.
"I'm almost free, little dick!" Bruno snarled, "Oh, boy, I'm gonna hurt ya soooooooo bad! Are ya ready, shit-fer-brains?!"
Winston again went into hyperdrive, his eyes and brain searching for something...ANYTHING...to end this nightmare. When his eyes fell on the shattered desk, something in his brain began to click. The broken legs were useless - but the desk top, it was still intact. And it was possibly heavy enough and solid enough to do what Winston's scrawny body couldn't.
He could barely move it...but that was good. It meant it might just do the trick. Winston lifted it, grunting with the effort. Thank God for adrenaline; without it, he'd never have been able to budge the desk top, let alone actually lift it!
He held it out in front of himself, hunched over from its weight. Aiming it at Bruno's squirming butt, he closed his eyes and prayed. He held his breath as he backed up as far as he could. Then, focusing squarely on the wriggling Bruno, he ran forward with the desk top as fast as he could. He slammed into him with a force that squeezed all the air from his lungs. But, the plan had succeeded. Bruno's backward advance had been halted. In fact, the force of the impact had pushed him forward several inches, negating the fruits of his efforts. Bruno howled in rage, "Keep it up, little man! Oh, Bruno gonna hurt you so bad! He gonna kill you soooo dead! Deader than dead! I'm gonna dance on your corpse, dickface!"
Encouraged by success - and fueled by stark terror - Winston dragged the desk top back across the room, painfully lifted it, and ran forward with it again. WHAM! Bruno's body was forced several more inches out the window. He screamed and ranted and snorted his anger.
"You skinny fuck! Bruno gonna rip you apart! He gonna feed you yer liver! Shove yer own scrawny cock down your throat! You never fuck a woman again, cuz you gonna eat yer own dick!" His fists pounded the outside wall of the building, and his legs kicked and thrashed inside. His entire body squirmed and wriggled in profound rage.
The fifth battering ram effort ended Bruno's tirade. As soon as the desk top collided with his backside, he was shoved free of the window frame, and not only did he fall out the window, but he SAILED gracefully several feet out from it, into the salty evening air before plummeting like a meteorite to the cement below. Scrabbling and clawing for nonexistent purchase, he twisted in mid-air as his body seemed to float in slow motion in a graceful, earthbound arc. Snarling, he gave Winston the finger with both hands as he dropped - his last act of defiance. His collision with the filth-strewn alley floor below was not pretty. His huge mass had made the fall fatal instantly. Even so, as twisted as his body was, both stubborn flip offs were intact and still aimed directly at the gasping Winston.
Finally, Winston could drop his makeshift sledgehammer. Along with released tension, all of the little man's strength vacated his body instantly, and the exhausted fellow sagged to the floor like overcooked spaghetti. His cheeks unclenched for the first time in some thirty minutes or so. Happily, nothing leaked out. It was a great relief. Veronica, previously a gibbering mess, suddenly recovered completely. Her eyes brightened and color came back to her skin. Winston looked at her with amazement. Her instantaneous transformation had the look of the most sophisticated of theatrical special effects wizardry.
"Well, it seems you can handle yourself quite well, Winston," she said, looking as calm and alluring as when he'd first arrived at her apartment. She walked over to her vanity and put a cigarette into its holder, then lit it. She puffed casually, showing off her lush lips as she did so. Her air of self-confidence came rushing back with a vengeance.
Winston still looked at her incredulously.
She exhaled a blue-gray cloud of smoke, and strutted brazenly toward Winston, as if the traumatic events of the last half hour had never even occurred. Her lips glistened around a lascivious grin.
"So, what about that round two?" she asked, sitting on the overturned bed frame in front of Winston. Again she lazily swung her legs out and back, giving him yet another view between them. She sat back as she puffed, making sure the view was unobstructed.
Despite himself, Winston got an erection. Veronica smiled as she noticed it pushing on his boxers. She licked her lips. "Want to break some more furniture, Winston, dear?"
He was amazed at how cold she could be, how quickly she could flip her emotional switch. Her lover had just taken a nose dive out the window and had pretty much fused with the pavement of the alleyway, and here she was flashing her beaver at him again. What kind of woman had he gotten himself involved with?!
Veronica rose from the bed frame. She again flaunted her body as she walked over to him, hips swaying, long legs moving with feline grace. She stood over him, still puffing away. Grinning, she lifted one foot from the floor. As before, she inserted her toes into his boxers and worked his swelling penis out from its hiding place. She played with it with her toes, stroking it, slipping her toes behind it to tickle his testicles. Though he tried to resist, his cock was traitorous. It bloated and throbbed, showing much interest in what Veronica had in mind.
Down on her knees Veronica dropped, looking greedily at the pulsing prize she so single mindedly sought. While she held the cigarette holder in one hand, she reached down with the other and began gently stroking Winston's erection. He shuddered briefly, then sighed. He had every intention of saying, "Unhand me, harlot!" but it instead came out as simply, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh......." It wasn't long before soft lips joined the relentless fingers.
After a few minutes of being stroked and licked, Winston fought through the haze of pleasure and forced his brain to function. It took every ounce of willpower he had in him, but he managed to squeeze actual words from his mouth. "Veronica," he gasped, "the police will be here soon. Your ex-boyfriend is a puddle of goo just down in that alley below. Someone's gonna want some answers."
"Not likely," she replied, bending down to kiss the head of his penis, "the cops never come here, dear. This is the docks. You won't find a cop here after dark. They pretty much let us solve our own problems."
Her lips circled his cock, and up and down they glided, warm and wet and pleasing. He was throbbing harder than ever.
"Now, lets say I sit on this fine piece of book seller meat here and let you fill me up again, and then we can talk about poor Bruno? Okay? What do you say? My pussy is so hot right now, it could just gobble up this sweet cock of yours. And don't you think we could both communicate much better after another orgasm or two? Maybe you'd rather hold onto your comments about Bruno until after I blow you once or twice? Hmmm?"
As she crawled up to him, he wanted desperately to push her away. But he was unable to. His hormones had gotten control of him again, just that quickly. What kind of man was he, to let her seduce him again this way, and after he'd just wasted her goon boyfriend? Alas, his finest efforts to refuse the sultry Veronica were to no avail. Not only was his penis betraying him now, but his entire body refused to obey his commands. Instead, it had decided it was much more fun to obey Veronica's commands.
But, then, fate intervened. Veronica had her sweet, dripping nest hovering just over his roaring chubby, ready to impale itself, when history seemed intent on repeating itself...in spades.
Thunderous footfalls again resounded down the outside hallway. More bellows of rage echoed from wall to wall in piercing shrieks that tore at the very soul.
"Oh, my God!" Winston cried, "Bruno's still alive! What does it take to kill that man?!" He finally found the strength of will to push Veronica away. He pushed her back with both hands and stood up all in one swift movement, which caused Veronica to topple backward and land heavily on her gorgeous rump. She scowled in indignation, but behind that scowl was a tinge of fear.
Winston turned and rushed to look out the window. The crumpled stiff that was once Bruno still flashed him the bird with conviction.
"But..." Winston stammered, "Bruno is still...he's down there...he's dead as a....but then...who...what?"
Veronica listened intently, then slowly asked Winston a question. "You're sure Bruno is dead? You're SURE?"
"I'm looking at him, Veronica. He's a crumpled mess in the alley. He's dead, all right."
Veronica shuddered. "Shit! Dammit! Winston, you'd better get out of here after all." She sidled up to him and held him against her body, rubbing herself against him, touching his penis meaningfully. "But please do come back again, y'hear? Don't be a stranger. A good fuck is hard to find in this neck of the woods."
Pounding, even louder than Bruno's had been, commenced on the door once more. The door groaned. The hinge screws lifted from the frame millimeter by millimeter with each slammed fist. In minutes, the door would buckle and whatever was out there would gain entrance. Winston experienced a frigid case of Deja vu.
"If that's not Bruno out there, then who or WHAT is it?" he gasped, his lungs suddenly constricting with fear. "What kind of people do you keep company with, Veronica?!"
The top of the door caved in with a sharp, wood-splintering sound, the entire upper third of it swiveling inward at an odd angle, as the upper hinge gave out completely, flying off in search of the long gone center hinge. A snarling, ranting voice came from without. "Ronnie, you in there? What's goin' on? Who kilt Bruno? Who snuffed my brudda?"
His question answered, Winston said in disbelief, "Oh, you gotta be kidding. There's TWO of them?"
Veronica sighed, "That creature outside the door is indeed Bruno's brother, Tony. Sorry, love."
"So," Winston asked with a tingle skipping down his spine, "is he as big as his brother?" He cringed, hoping against hope that she would say he was nothing like Bruno at all, perhaps even - oh, please, Lord - even scrawnier than Winston himself. Alas, such was not to be. Winston had used up his allotment of miracles for one night.
Veronica laughed, "Bigger. Bruno's the baby of the family. They call him 'Little Bruno'. Tony makes Bruno look like Tattoo from Fantasy Island, I'm afraid. There are four brothers, actually, and Tony's not even the biggest. That would be Frankie. I'm really so sorry for you, love." She actually did look sympathetic.
Winston's muscles became so rigid with fear that his testicles popped up into his abdominal cavity, apparently running for their lives. Or perhaps they figured Tony was going to kick them up there anyway, so why not get a head start?
"WHO KILT MY LITTLE BRUDDA, DAMMIT?!" came a wall-rattling wail from beyond the door, "Is the fuck in dere wit you, Ronnie? If he is, I'm gonna take a dump down his neck after I rip his fukkin head off!" Another punch and the door caved in completely, sighing with relief at having finally escaped those pounding paws. When Winston saw the grotesque creature in the doorway, he nearly lost his grip on what little sanity he had left. It was so big it couldn't fit in the doorway at all, and had to squeeze itself through, straining and groaning. And that inhuman face! It made the decidedly unattractive Bruno look like the romantic lead in a Hollywood chick flick! Once again, sphincter muscles twitched ominously.
"YOU!" It screeched, glaring at Winston, "Did YOU kill my little brudda? Stay right there, so I can murder ya real good, okay? I hope you like pain, little fella."
Winston didn't wait for Tony to squeeze his entire mass through the door. He gathered up, once again, his clothing and his briefcase, and, clad only in boxers and socks, leaped out the window he'd just shoved Bruno through to his death. It was a simple task, since the accommodating Bruno had stretched out the window frame nicely and graciously removed every last shard of glass from it. Winston's body never even grazed a single sliver of wood or glass, as he sailed through the square opening completely unscathed. Very thoughtful of the lumbering idiot to make this so much easier for him, Winston thought as he flew into the night.
As he sailed into the rather pungent air of the alleyway, his head swiveled around for one last, brief look into the bowels of hell he'd just escaped. His last vision before plunging downward toward the crumpled, bird-flipping carcass of Bruno, was that of the grotesque Tony charging the window like a rampaging T-Rex, salivating and bellowing, his huge arms outstretched, meaty fingers grasping for the already coop-flown Winston. Vaguely, plummeting earthward, Winston wondered what Veronica would tell Tony as to her and himself both being naked and Bruno being...well...a puddle. But then, he decided he didn't want to know.
Upon reaching the floor of the alley, Winston discovered that Bruno had also been kind enough to help him - in the form of a soft, comfy cushion - by softening the blow of his otherwise bone-shattering landing. The fearful book salesman leaped out far enough, and judged his angle well enough, that he landed directly on the crumpled remains of the squashed goon. Humorously, Winston landed butt-first directly between Bruno's upraised middle fingers, on his unmoving chest. He suffered only the uncomfortable sensation of having the air knocked out of him, but he got over that quickly, rolled off of Bruno and bounced from there directly into a dead run.
As he rounded the corner of the alley into the deserted dockside street, he looked back and saw the ranting Tony creature flailing and ranting out the window and slamming his fists against the frame, gouging huge fist-sized holes in it. His bellows followed Winston a good half mile down the darkened street. He shuddered at what Veronica may have told him about how Bruno came to his grisly end, and how Winston was solely responsible.
After running for about a mile, he finally came within eyesight of his parked car. It was just past this one last apartment building. Another block and he was home free, if a little humbled and shaken. Still, he'd gotten the fuck of his life, even though he WAS primed and ready for another before Tony showed up. He'd proven something to himself. That even a scrawny little man like him could bed a super sexy vixen like Veronica - and do so quite ably, thank you very much. Even in his current, predominantly naked condition, he walked tall and proud. One might even say he'd acquired an air of cockiness, strutting down the street like the only rooster in the henhouse.
"Hey, sugar," came a lilting voice that startled him and nearly made him drop his wares, "out kinda late, aren't ya hon? Pretty dangerous part of town for a guy in socks and shorts to be wanderin' about alone. What happened to you, anyway?."
Under a dim porch light, leaning against a wrought iron railing, stood an incredibly gorgeous woman, with curves that made Veronica's pale by comparison. Winston stopped short, nodded his head in acknowledgement, and then started walking again.
"What's your hurry, hon? You look cold. Why not come inside and let me warm you up some?"
Again, Winston stopped short. He turned to say "No thank you," but the words stuck in his throat. He actually pondered the offer! Had he learned nothing from his near death experience with Veronica?
"C'mon, sugar, let Lilly warm you up. I'm very good at warming things up. And I'll be gentle, I promise." She started rubbing her belly, slowly bringing her hand up her tight dress to just under her ample bosom. Then her hand continued upward, and her fingers lightly touched her nipples. A definite stirring occurred behind the flappy opening of Winston's boxers. It was a familiar sensation, from just recently. And that sensation could most aptly be labeled as pure stupidity. The blood was rushing from his usually trustworthy brain directly down to his troublesome penis again. It seemed to be becoming a pattern recently.
"Well," Winston said, twisting to conceal any sign of his budding erection, "I should get home. It's late. But thank you for the offer." There, he managed to get it out after all. Not that he meant a word of it, of course.
"Awww, that's too bad, sugar. Here I am all alone and I have all this warmth to share with a naked man, and you turn me away? That's just so mean of you, honey. Am I not pretty enough for you?"
"You're beautiful," he replied, starting to get antsy now, "but I really do have to go."
"Oh, c'mon, sugar, you look like you need a little...company. You keep trying to hide your interest, but it's really plain to see. Lilly sees all, sugar. Why not come on inside and let me take care of that for you. You won't be sorry." She winked an offer of many delights to come, and blew him a slow, exaggerated kiss.
Now Winston was in trouble. More blood was in his penis than in his brain. His common sense was losing the war. Lilly was looking more and more inviting every second.
"Do you know a Bruno...or a Tony?" Winston asked.
Lilly laughed. "No, sugar, why? Did you want to invite them along? I'd rather you had me all to yourself, sweetie."
"Well," he faltered, "I really should get home." However, by now Winston was purposely standing sideways, proudly and boldly showing her what he had to offer.
Lilly lifted one leg up on the lower bar of the railing, returning the favor, giving Winston a peek at the reinforced elastic top of her beige stocking, and the garter belts that held it firmly in place on her shapely leg. He longed to see more. Then his eyes found her cleavage, ever so much deeper than even Veronica's. So inviting, so tempting, so...energizing.
"You're sure you don't know any Tonys or Brunos?" he asked, his eyes indiscreetly scanning from her breasts to her ankles, his lips curling into a lecherous grin.
"Not a one, sugar," Lilly smiled, then added, "What's YOUR name, sugar?"
"Winston, ma'am...Winston Bramblenook, door to door book salesman, at your service."
"At my service, huh?" she laughed. "Do I get a guarantee with that?" When Winston flushed crimson, she added quickly, "Well, then, Winston Bramblenook, come on up here and show me what ya got. Then I'll show YOU what I'VE got in return. Fair enough?"
Winston was still hovering between safety and recklessness. But, when Lilly turned and climbed the two steps to the landing outside her door, his decision was made. She looked back down at him and swayed her hips ever so slightly, and Winston's eyes zeroed in on her lush rump. He sighed out loud. His penis poked through the hole in his skivvies, as if to get a peek at that fine derriere itself. And once it did, that voyeuristic penis took over.
"Heh..." Winston chuckled to himself, "why not? I could use a little 'warming up'."
"C'mon, then, sugar. C'mon up and get real comfy with Lilly. I'll treat you real, real nice, I promise."
Winston followed her suggestive wink up the steps, trudging along behind her and ogling her backside and stockinged legs. This time, he thought, nothing would go wrong. What happened with Veronica couldn't possibly happen again. Lightning never strikes twice in the same place. This time, his tryst would not be interrupted. He wouldn't go from incredible sex to a near death experience in the blink of an eye. It would be all slap and tickle, with NO repercussions. He was still horny, and Lilly promised Bruno-less and Tony-less release. Yes! Bedding two stunning women in one night! And this time, with no worries! Hallelujah!!
But, as always happens in these situations, a little bit of confidence and a raging hardon keeps the brain from thinking properly. All those years of involuntary abstinence, and now look at him. His newfound confidence was making him not only act recklessly, but was also preventing him from learning from his mistakes. He'd become a cocksure macho man, leaving his keen, logical mind somewhere back in the distant past, and for what? So he could dip his wick in some sweet, hot honeypot! Ahh, how lust makes fools of the unwary.
Poor, misguided Winston. He was thinking with his dick, and that rarely leads to a happy ending, especially for someone like him. For although his theory was tried and true - that lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place -what his overactive hormones and his newfound cockiness were keeping him from seeing clearly was, quite simply...
This wasn't the same place.
END?
"A Walk on the Wild Side" copyright Bacomicfan/Mike, 2005.