The audience went wild. Many of the women left their seats and gathered around the front of the stage in an effort to get a better view. They cheered as they watched Philip's ass being fucked by Joey's thick cock, the dwarf's immense testicles swaying to and fro in time with his thrusts. Every now and then, Rebecca and Maria would slap the bottom of either Joey or Philip if they felt either one was slacking off. Kira held Joey at the base of his penis, using her hand to help keep his cock from dislodging from Philip's asshole.
Philip was reduced to tears. The agony of being sodomized by such a large penis and the discomfort of having to have his mouth ravaged by Luis' equally large tool, made his whole body shudder. Joey and Luis, on the other hand, were so overcome by the drug that they no longer seemed to care about the fact that they were having sex with another man. The two of them were now beginning to enjoy themselves: each man thrusting his prick into Philip's dual orifices with relish. Philip tried to make several efforts to speak, but Bonnie grabbed him by both ears and forced his head back and forth repeatedly so that he was unable to remove his mouth from Luis' cock. Up and down his head went, his face disappearing into the dense triangle of hair around Luis' prick. Cheryl kept one of her hands on Luis' balls, squeezing them gently to encourage more sperm production. The two women giggled each time Bonnie forced his head back, noticing the first traces of precum beginning to collect around Philip's mouth. Over and over his lips glided over the young Latino's prick as his ass was pounded mercilessly from behind. Finally, realizing that his resistance only encouraged his wife to greater effort, Philip began to suck Luis' cock in earnest, so much so that Bonnie removed her hands from his head and allowed him to perform the blowjob on his own.
I almost burst out laughing when I noticed that, contrary to my wishes, both Packi and Pompi were sucking Philip's cock and balls. Packi had swallowed the entire length of his tool down her dainty throat while Pompi sucked on his nuts. Seeing that Philip was now taking his punishment without complaint, I allowed the girls to give him whatever pleasure they desired, since they seemed to be enjoying themselves too. It must have been a mixed blessing for Philip, who had to be having a difficult time deciding which of the various sensations were giving him the most pleasure—or pain.
Luis suddenly mumbled something in Spanish and I knew he was about ready to shoot his load. Bonnie and Cheryl noticed this too and together they helped both men increase their tempo so that Philip's head now became a blur as it rocked to and fro over Luis' pounding cock.
"I want you to swallow every drop, Philip," Bonnie said sweetly. "Just like you've seen me do to you."
"Fuck his mouth!" Cheryl screamed to Luis. "Fill his fucking mouth full of cum!"
With a stifled cry, Luis started to ejaculate. Bonnie immediately forced Philip's head down onto the huge prick, impaling Luis' cock on the back of her husband's throat, allowing his mouth to absorb the full length of the spurting tool, and preventing him from moving upwards.
Philip's face registered shock as the first spurt of semen shot out of Luis' cock and flew into his throat. He swallowed quickly as the thick ropes of cum followed one after the other, focusing all his attention on getting as much of the sticky cream down his throat as possible. Unable to shift his head, he was literally forced to drink the salty fluid in huge gulps without pausing to collect any of the cum in his mouth for fear that he might gag.
"Drink it all down you son of a bitch," Bonnie said as she firmly held his head in place.
Joey was now on the verge of orgasm himself. I could tell that he wanted to pull his cock out of Philip's ass, but Rebecca, Maria, and Kira held him in place, forcing him to erupt inside Philip's quivering sphincter. With a howl, Joey drove his cock all the way into Philip's ass as he let go a continuous stream of sperm deep into Philip's waiting cavity. All of the women laughed as they watched his balls heave up and down with each release of his sperm. Philip bucked his lower body as Joey's hot cum shot into him, trying to dislodge the invasive tool from his tortured asshole. But the girls kept the dwarf's prick deep inside him and refused to let his cock escape.
It was a long orgasm, for both men. At last, when it looked to Bonnie as if Philip were about to gag, she pulled his head off of the still spurting cock and allowed the final remaining shots to splash into his face, coating his feature with a thick, slimy paste. Cheryl continued to masturbate Luis' until his prick was completely drained of sperm, thrilled at her victory over the downtrodden little clown. The two women laughed and congratulated each other as they turned their attention to Philip's rear.
Thick rivulets of sperm were now dripping out of Philip's asshole as Joey's orgasm continued. Finally, the volume of liquid itself forced Joey's prick out of Philip's butt, causing it to slide out with a loud pop. Rebecca and Maria quickly grabbed the squirting prick as stream after stream of creamy sperm shot off in every direction. A few of the spurts landed directly in my hair and I was forced to run away to avoid getting soaked. Joey was aware that I had been hit and he reacted with glee at my baptism by his own juices. The girls managed to coax out several more intense bursts of white before the great prick was finally depleted. By the time it was over, most of the women on stage, including several women in the audience, had been bathed in the little man's cum.
Finally, Philip himself started to orgasm. It was Packi's mouth that swallowed most of his load before Pompi, who rudely pulled his cock out of her partner's mouth, wrapped her tiny mouth around it and absorbed the remainder of his creamy offering. Satisfied with their performance, the two tiny girls got up and took a bow, performing a set of intricate flips before disappearing behind the stage.
Philip fell to the floor in a heap. As much as Bonnie had despised her husband for his terrible behavior, she still loved him; the punishment serving as a form of redemption that softened her to him as it had so often done in the past. Philip would make amends. Bonnie would see to it.
"Are you all right darling?" she asked, as she cradled her husband's head in her lap.
"Yes...Yes, dear," he replied, weakly.
"It's okay now, it's all over," she said, comforting him.
She had several attendants carry Philip into the house and then turned her attention to Joey.
"I want you and your troupe to get the fuck out of here, and I never want to see you or those fucking balls of yours ever again!"
"Not so fast miss," he said defiantly. "There's a matter of 10,000 pounds your husband owes me, and I ain't leavin' here till he's paid up."
Bonnie called out to Alice to retrieve her pocketbook from the house and in a matter of minutes the girl returned with the purse and handed it to my sister.
"To whom do I make out the check?" she asked.
"To me," he replied smugly. "Joey Balls."
She quickly wrote out a check and handed it to the grinning dwarf.
"There's your money," she said. "Take it and get out."
Joey looked at the check and handed it to Kira.
"You know miss," he began, "there are laws against sodomy, even in this sexually liberated country of yours. I've a good mind to report you to the police after what you did to me."
"For your information Mr. Balls, Philip told me that you were bisexual, so don't pretend that you didn't enjoy it. And as far as the police are concerned, my husband owns them, so go right ahead and complain. I really don't give a shit."
She started to walk away from him but he wasn't finished.
"Don't turn your back on me miss, I ain't done talking to you."
My sister abruptly halted, her back toward him.
"Go away before I lose my temper."
I could sense a confrontation was imminent and I advised Joey to do as Bonnie asked.
"I'll leave all right," he said to me, "but not before I've spoken my mind to the lot of you."
Bonnie turned around to face him.
"Say what you've got to say and get out."
It was difficult for all of us to take him seriously being dressed as he was in his ridiculous bushman's hat. But because he had provided us with such superior entertainment, Bonnie must have felt she owed it to him to listen.
"I ain't no wimp like your husband," he said proudly. "I may be small but at least I'm a real man."
A few of the women chuckled.
"What's your definition of a 'real' man?" Bonnie asked with a smirk.
"Simply this: A real man don't take crap from any woman, especially not from a bloody tart like you."
"Oh, really?" Bonnie replied with disdain.
"That's right miss."
"Why don't you go away you little jerk?" Cheryl said.
Ignoring her comment, Joey continued.
"I don't like the fact that I was coerced into performing for this group of voyeurs. You used me, and you used my people, that's what you did. It ain't ethical."
Bonnie was fuming and struggled to keep her temper in check.
"Striking a deal with my husband to purchase stolen drugs is not ethical either you little hypocrite. Now get the fuck off my property or I'll have you thrown out."
"Go ahead and lose your temper miss, I don't mind. You might be able to cuckold your husband, but you can't control me. Nobody controls me, not Joey Balls."
"Yeah, tell 'em Joey!" Luis suddenly exclaimed. "Tell the fucking bitches off!"
"Remember what I told you fuck face!" Maria yelled back at him.
Luis was still tied to the wooden frame and I could tell that he was quite exhausted. Instead of replying, he just hung his head down and laughed incoherently.
"I'd say you were controlled pretty damn well Joey," Rebecca observed. "You performed for us just like a trained monkey."
Joey's face grew dark.
"If that's what you want to believe miss, that's your business. I did what I had to do only so I'd get paid."
"Well, you've been paid," Bonnie reminded him. "Now get the hell out. I won't ask you again."
"I'm happy to be leavin' you miss. Happy indeed. I'll have my men come by first thing tomorrow morning and remove all my stuff off your property."
"Fine. Just go."
Kira said nothing the entire time. I surmised that she chose to remain uninvolved because her paycheck was at stake. So although she seemed inclined to favor Bonnie's position, she remained faithful to Joey simply out of fear of retribution.
Joey started to walk out of the arena but didn't get very far before he stopped dead in his tracks and started shaking.
"What's wrong with you?" Kira asked him.
"I don't know," replied the startled dwarf. "All of a sudden I feel very strange."
In a matter of a few seconds, and to our utter amazement, Joey's cock became fully erect, his balls quivering with the onrush of sperm.
"Look at this!" Alice squealed, pointing to his quickly filling sac.
The little man's entire body began to shake uncontrollably as his hand was forced downward to his crotch.
"Shit!" he screamed, as the drug took possession of him.
I had seen this phenomenon only once and it occurred during my original experiments with male lab rats. I had termed it "involuntary ejaculation" and Joey was showing all the symptoms. Unable to help himself, he grabbed the base of his prick and began stroking it wildly, desperate to cum.
Before any of us could do anything, several thick ropes of sperm came flying out of his cock in our direction. Bonnie took the brunt of the first assault, her legs and upper torso quickly saturated with Joey's hot spunk.
"You fucking pig!" she screamed at him.
Kira stood well out of the way, looking on in disbelief as huge streams of cum shot out of Joey's cock, one after the other.
Both Maria and Cheryl got splashed several times even though they were running away from him. I myself managed to dodge the first several spurts but was finally brought low with a third ejaculation that seemed to go on forever. Most of the sticky fluid fell on my back but Rebecca was not so fortunate. Being closest to Joey, she got hit in the face and hair with three consecutive blasts and ran toward the house, squealing all the way.
Luis was in hysterics. Seeing the people he hated most being covered in Joey's sperm made him cry out with joy.
"Fucking bitches!" he shouted at the top of his lungs. "Viva Joey Balls!"
Maria didn't find this at all funny and decided to make good on her promise.
"Viva Maria!" she exclaimed, as she brought her foot up into his naked sac.
Luis cried out in agony.
Alice had been the only one of us to escape unharmed. She simply stood where she was, admiring the amount of sperm that was flying out of Joey's cock.
"Whoa!" she said as one long strand of cum barely missed her face.
Just then Patti Ann and Michelle came running up.
"Well, Patti Ann," I said. "It's good to see you again."
"I guess I passed out," the girl admitted.
"You missed a great show."
"Seems like it's still going on," she said pointing at Joey.
"This place is turning into a madhouse," Michelle commented.
"Look at him go!" said Patti Ann, as another volley of sperm shot out toward the empty chairs.
"I'm telling you, Christiana," Michelle said, "that stuff of yours is lethal."
"I've got to get back to the lab," I replied. "This shouldn't be happening."
The cum continued to spew out of Joey's prick for a good two minutes. During that time most of the women in the audience had panicked and had left the area for fear of being hit with his spunk.
"I'm going to make that little fuck pay for this!" Bonnie said, as she wiped the sperm from her face with some tissues.
"It wasn't his fault," I said. "It's his reaction to the drug."
"I don't care. I don't like the son of a bitch and I want him out of here now!"
We watched Joey fire off a few more shots of sperm and then it was over.
"This is all your fault you damned bitch!" he said pointing at me.
With strands of cum still hanging off his prick, he suddenly came towards me, anger written all over his face.
"I'm going to break your little neck I am!" he cried out.
Four burly attendants quickly intercepted Joey and managed to restrain him, much to my relief. He was small, but powerful, and I knew he could have hurt me—if he really wanted to.
"How dare you threaten my sister!" Bonnie shouted.
"Look what she's done to me! I'm a bloody freak!"
"You were a freak before you started taking her drug."
"Well, fuck you miss!" Joey spat.
Bonnie's face turned a bright red.
"That's it! You're out of here you little bastard!"
He made a motion to attack my sister, but the four strongmen held him fast.
"I thought you were a gentleman," Bonnie began, "but you're nothing more than a common thug!"
She ordered the men to lift Joey up.
"I think it's time you were leaving."
"Hey!" he protested. "What the fuck are you doin' you crazy bitch? Put me down!"
"Follow me boys," she said as the reluctant dwarf was carried off. The entire entourage followed her to the area behind the stage where the large cannon was standing on the lawn adjacent to the tennis court. Curious to know what was going on, most of the women caught up with us as we hurriedly made our way toward the huge gray howitzer. Joey must have had a premonition about what was to take place because he kicked and screamed all the way.
"Bonnie, what are you going to do to him?" I asked with concern.
"He's going for a ride."
"You don't mean..." I said, glancing at the cannon.
Instead of replying she giggled like a little girl.
"No. You can't do that. Bonnie, it's dangerous!"
Arriving at the cannon, she ordered her attendants to put the little man down.
"If you think I'm goin' in there miss, you're fuckin' crazy," Joey said, nervously.
"You!" she said to one of her attendants. "Do you know how to work this thing?"
"Yes, Ms. Olmstead. All you have to do is..."
"Never mind, just get it ready."
"Bonnie, please," I said. "He could be seriously hurt. He has no protection."
She thought it over for a minute.
"Bonnie!"
"Oh, all right sis!"
She ordered one of her attendants to bring out a uniform and helmet. When Joey saw the clothing he had a fit.
"No! No!" he cried. "I don't want to go in there! Please don't shoot me out of the cannon!"
He started weeping then, cursing Bonnie and all women alike for their hardhearted ways.
The men finally got him dressed and it was a sight to behold. The helmet fit him well enough, but the clothing—a blue and white satin affair that would have normally fit a six-foot tall man—hung off him like a burlap sac. His balls simply couldn't be accommodated for, so the uniform was not zippered shut but rather fastened together with a few safety pins, leaving his two huge testicles exposed to the open air. It was an absolutely ludicrous sight, which caused no end of derision and comments from the crowd. I then saw Rebecca approach, still bearing traces of Joey's ejaculate in her hair.
"Nice outfit Joey," she teased him as she rejoined the group.
Joey's face expressed the terror of a frightened child.
"Please miss, "he said to Bonnie, "I didn't do nothin' to deserve this kind of punishment. Let me walk out of here on my own two good legs."
"I gave you plenty of opportunity to do just that, but you refused," Bonnie replied sternly.
"I was wrong about that miss, I was," he said in an apologetic tone. "Can't we let bygones be bygones?"
"It's too late for that now. You threatened me and my sister and I simply can't let you go without a royal sendoff."
She indicated that Joey was to be helped into the nozzle of the big gun.
"No! Please! Let me go!" he screamed as the four muscular attendants lifted him up and placed him feet first into the giant barrel.
It was a hilarious sight watching him kick and scream as his tiny body was lowered gently into the cannon. Once he was securely placed into the cylinder, one of the men removed Joey's hands from the rim of the cannon, forcing him to slide down into the barrel as it was being raised up.
"Noooo!" he cried, his reverberating voice fading away as he disappeared into the blackness.
"Aim for the pool!" Bonnie ordered the attendant.
The man touched a control on the cannon that raised the giant nozzle up so that it was pointing directly toward the Olympic-sized swimming pool on the opposite end of the lawn—a hundred feet away. Bonnie told him to wait for her to give the command before firing.
"Joey," she said standing at the mouth of the barrel. "Can you hear me?"
"Fuck you, miss!"
His thin voice sounded like it was coming from miles away.
"Bon voyage Joey!" she said excitedly. "I hope you and your balls have a nice trip!"
Bonnie ordered everyone to back away to a safe distance as she gave the order to fire the cannon.
"Don't think I won't pay you back for this," the tiny voice exclaimed," you miserable little fluffers, you fuckin' daughters of whores, you..."
"Fire!" she yelled.
A huge ball of yellow smoke accompanied by a deafening boom made everyone jump out of their skins as the cannon rocked backward from the repercussion. From the tip of the barrel a smallish blur of white and blue flew out over the lawn at incredible speed, the elfin figure cutting a perfect trajectory as it sliced through the air on its way toward the watery target. Several seconds later, Joey's little body had ceased its ascent and was now plummeting headfirst into the deep end of the pool. He hit the surface of the water with such force that a huge tidal wave resulted, drenching the men who were waiting for him to land.
"Perfect shot!" Bonnie said, congratulating the man who had fired the cannon.
As the men retrieved the dazed little man from the pool the crowd cheered and applauded my sister.
"Bonnie, you're too much!" Michelle said laughing. "Just too much!"
We all watched as the attendants escorted Joey to the front gate and then pushed him through it, warning him not to come back.
Kira was still standing with us, laughing right along with the rest of the women at Joey's ignoble exit.
"You're always welcome here," Bonnie said to the Amazon. "But your boss is not."
"I don't blame you Ms. Olmstead," she replied. "Joey was very rude to all of you and he got what he deserved."
"I'm sorry I had to do this, but he had to be taught a lesson."
"Speaking of lessons," Cheryl said. "What about our other little friend over there?"
She pointed to the figure of Luis, who was still hanging suspended from the wooden frame.
"Oh, I forgot about him," Bonnie said, almost as an afterthought.
"You can't leave him hanging like that Bonnie," I said. "Take him down."
"Feeling pity for the man who tried to ruin your career?"
"Please, Bonnie."
"Sure sis, sure," she replied.
She sent several of her men to retrieve and dress the now defunct clown as she gave the order to prepare the cannon for another round of fire.
"Are you going to shoot him into the pool too?" Rebecca asked.
"Not quite," Bonnie replied with a devilish grin.
Luis was led up clothed in a jumpsuit and helmet. He looked disheveled and quite disoriented from his recent ordeal, but that did not stop him from insulting us. I noticed that his hands and feet were not bound, and as such, it took several men to restrain him.
"Go ahead and insult us all you like," Bonnie said to him, "it only makes my task easier."
Luis looked at her as if she were a piece of fresh meat.
"You know what I'd like to do to you right now?" he said hoarsely. "I'd like to fuck your brains out!"
Bonnie laughed.
"I'll bet you would you little prick, but we don't have time for that right now 'cause you're going on a little trip."
"Oh yeah, bitch? You think you're going to do the same thing to me that you did to that little man?"
"Not exactly," she replied coyly. "I have a different destination for you in mind."
All of a sudden his face turned pale as he looked around at the sea of female bodies pressing in all around him.
"Somebody do something!" Luis cried. "Dr. Swensen, don't let her do this to me!"
"Every action has its consequences Luis," I said. "You should have thought about that before you stole my formula."
"Throw the son of a bitch in!" Bonnie ordered her attendants.
"Get away from me you fucking assholes!" he screamed at the men as several pairs of arms reached out to grab him.
Amidst the shouting and cheering of the crowd and amidst Luis' incessant litany of curses, he was finally forced down into the mouth of the cannon.
"Give my regards to all your drug-dealing friends amigo!" Bonnie shouted as she gave the order to fire the cannon once again.
"You fucking bitch!" cried the voice from within the cannon. "I'm going to fuck you up right up your lily white, Swedish ass, you fucking whore, you..."
Fire!"
The cannon jerked back on its supports, and with a great boom spit the former foul-mouthed little clown high into the night sky at tremendous speed. I could still hear him cursing as he sailed through the air toward the pool. But something was wrong. Unlike Joey before him, his trajectory was off. In fact, he overshot the pool entirely and just kept on arcing higher and higher into the sky until he flew straight over the estate wall, landing headfirst into a grove of apple trees just beyond the surrounding hedges.
"God, that felt good!" Bonnie said with a hearty laugh.
The crowd went wild.
Cheryl and Maria did a little impromptu dance to commemorate the event while Rebecca and I hugged each other with glee. The twins momentarily shared in all the excitement but were soon engaged in an argument and thereafter seemed oblivious to what was going on around them. Kira just looked at them and frowned.
"I'd like to borrow this cannon from you Bonnie," Michelle said. "There are a few people I'd like to get rid of myself."
"This thing belongs to Joey Balls," she replied with a smile. "You'll have to ask him, if you can find him!"
We all began squealing like a bunch of hyenas. Simply imagining the sight of the insolent dwarf's recent sojourn through the night sky was enough to provoke fits of laughter from everyone.
"Well, ladies," Bonnie said. "Show's over. Time to go home!"
In took well over an hour for the all people to leave. Bonnie made it a point to say goodbye to everyone and she received many well wishes for her birthday as well as congratulations for disposing of the two fools.
After assuring Michelle that I would look into the matter of the "involuntary ejaculation" problem as soon as possible, she left, hugging me warmly. The maids were now cleaning up the house, running back and forth from room to room trying to wipe off the traces of food and drink from the night's excesses. Rebecca had stayed behind, along with Maria and Cheryl, for a final drink with my sister and me.
"You don't think we killed him do you?" Cheryl asked me.
"Nope," I replied. "One of the attendants told me he saw Luis running away."
"Probably got a few bruises though," Rebecca said.
"I think we bruised his ego a lot more," Bonnie chuckled.
Maria looked thoughtful. "I would watch out for him. He's very crafty. All that clown stuff and everything...I think he will be back."
"There's always that chance Maria," Bonnie said.
"Where's Philip?" I inquired.
"Somewhere in the house doing something."
The five of us sat for moment in silence watching the maids hard at work.
"Sis," Bonnie said suddenly, "I'm sorry for everything. I don't know what's happened to Philip. I thought I knew him better."
"Don't worry about it Bonnie. The formula is safe again in my hands."
"That's not what I mean," she said, her voice growing softer.
The other girls and I remained silent, waiting for her to continue. When she didn't speak, Rebecca broke the silence.
"What's wrong Bonnie?"
My sister took a drink from her glass and spoke slowly.
"I consider all of you my friends, so I feel that I can trust you."
I felt a confession coming on. The girls, anxious to hear what she had to say, encouraged her to continue. Looking straight at me she began.
"There can be no love without trust right? Well, I don' think I can trust Philip anymore."
The maids continued to work around us as we sat silently staring at each other wondering what she was getting at.
"I don't think I can forgive what he did to you sis. He almost turned me against you."
She paused to consider her next words.
"I'm not sure if I love him any longer. In fact, I'm thinking of asking him for a divorce."
At what point my sister had come to this realization I couldn't tell. The events of the day had depleted her energies and she looked very tired, probably saying things she only half believed or hadn't truly thought out.
"Bonnie," I said, "don't even think about that. You've been under a lot of stress today. You need time to relax. Give yourself a day or two and then tell your husband how you feel. Maybe you can work things out."
"Is that your professional advice, doctor?" she said with a slight smile.
"It is."
"That's good advice," Maria stated solemnly. "Listen to your sister."
"Absolutely," Rebecca said. "You don't want to make any decisions about your future until you've had a good night's rest."
Bonnie looked at Cheryl.
"And what do you think lady?"
"I want to be shot out of the cannon!" she blurted out, falling to the floor in hysterics.
All of us started laughing right along with her until Bonnie seemed to have regained some of her normal composure.
"Thanks girl, I really needed that."
Suddenly we heard the sound of screaming coming from an adjoining room. The five of us scrambled to our feet and made a headlong dash toward the source of the commotion. Bonnie was the first one there.
"Oh, my God!" she said as she stood in the doorway leading to her bedroom.
"What is it? I said trying to get a glimpse.
She just stood there in shock.
"For Christ's sake, let us in!" I shouted.
Pushing her aside, the rest of us moved past her into the room.
"Holy fuck!" Rebecca exclaimed.
The two maids looked at us in horror, their faces and clothes looking like they had passed through a car wash.
"I can't fucking believe this! I can't believe it!" Maria exclaimed.
"Wow!" was all Cheryl could say.
There on the bed lay Philip, completely nude. In his hands he held his huge, stiff cock, and it was firing off rope after rope of creamy ejaculate high up in the air—so high that the ceiling above him was completely covered in sperm. Thick globs of his spunk hung precariously from the light fixture above his head and periodically fell down in huge pasty streams onto his body.
"Somebody help me!" he pleaded. "Make it stop!"
"Do something sis!" Bonnie screamed.
"There's nothing I can do," I replied. "He'll stop on his own...eventually."
The maids, who had tried to come to his aid, had gotten drenched with his out of control orgasm and stood there, like the rest of us, in complete awe at the man who was spurting cum like a fountain. He was experiencing the same "involuntary ejaculation" problem that had happened to Joey Balls earlier in the day.
As we watched Philip continue to ejaculate, I knew something would have to be done immediately. If this side effect of EJAX-472 was happening to him and Joey, then it might be happening to my former test subjects as well. For all my good intentions, I felt as if I had opened up a Pandora's box.
About a minute later, Philip's orgasm did indeed end, much to everyone's relief. Bonnie saw to it that the exhausted man was showered and put to bed. She then had the entire room cleaned from top to bottom. The other girls and I helped her as much as we could and then left. As I stood in the doorway saying goodbye, Bonnie took my hand.
"You've got a big problem on your hands sis, much bigger than mine."
"I know," I replied. "It's an anomaly, some strange side effect...I can't account for it."
She placed a small black suitcase in my hands.
"All your stolen goods are in here—the drug, the papers, everything. Take them and find out what the hell is going on. Otherwise you're going to find yourself faced with a ton of lawsuits. And even I may not be able to help you."
"I'll get to work on it first thing in the morning," I said, kissing her on the cheek.
"Good luck sis," she said, as I walked down the steps.
As I made my way to my car I suddenly had a horrible thought. What if the "involuntary ejaculation" problem wasn't the only side effect of EJAX-472? What if there were others? I thought the drug was safe. It had certainly passed the final testing stages with flying colors. But now I was seriously worried that the drug I had unleashed upon the world in order to solve men's sexual dysfunctions would only serve to create new problems: problems that could never be cured by simply swallowing a pill. It was with these thoughts in mind that I sped away into the uncertain darkness.
************
************
John Cardelli looked up at the classroom clock and sighed. It was 3:30 PM and he was glad that this was the last class he would have to teach today. In fact, his class was the only class being held in the entire school: the other classes having all been dismissed a half hour earlier.
St. Bridget's Preparatory School was one of the most highly respected schools in Sweden and John had been teaching French there for the past four years. This advanced class was a special class comprised of all girls—18 to 20 years of age—who represented the intellectual crème de la crème of the school. These girls were destined for great careers awaiting them in politics, government, and foreign services, and some of them, following in the footsteps of their predecessors, would inevitably go on to serve as ambassadors to many foreign countries. They were therefore coddled, indulged, and in most respects, favored amongst the rest of their classmates, and the exemplary status bestowed upon them by their academic superiors only served to exemplify their ruthless determination to succeed, in effect breeding a smoldering arrogance for all things incapable of matching their own sublime standards.
The summer semester was nearing its end and John was looking forward to spending some quality time with his wife during the one-month intermission before the fall semester began. He was feeling tired as of late, too, and he needed some time off to rejuvenate himself. Not because his students ran him ragged as such, but because almost all of them were hopelessly infatuated with the gorgeous 27-year-old teacher and were constantly vying with each other for his attentions. He loved his job, but his extraordinary good looks proved to be more a curse than a blessing where the girls were involved. Normally, his classes included boys, which helped to mediate the overflow of female attention. But today he was the only male in the room, and he would soon be at the mercy of a bevy of adulating females—all 25 of them—most of whom stared at him moony-eyed and sometimes with outright suggestiveness.
This was not to say that John didn't enjoy some of those provocative looks. He was, after all, a very healthy and physically alluring male specimen. He stood just over 5' 11" tall and had a muscular, tanned body. His face was uniformly regular, with high cheekbones, stunning deep-set green eyes, and a smallish, aquiline nose—a nod to his Italian—more precisely, Roman, heritage. If he were wearing a toga instead of three-piece suit, he could have easily been mistaken for a modern-day Marc Antony. And if all the girls' sexual energy could have been harnessed into a single desire, they would have placed him high on a pedestal to join the other immortals in the pantheon of Roman deities.
He looked up from his desk as they started to enter the room, some in pairs, some singly, but all quite loquacious and animated. He would allow them several minutes to seat themselves and prepare their notes—then he would begin. As he looked at them he began to realize just how lovely most of the girls actually were. For some unknown reason, he had paid this seemingly obvious fact little attention hitherto, but he could not help but realize that, out of all the girls in his class, not one was unattractive. Even accounting for mundane physiological differences in height, weight, skin, hair, and eye color, the fact that each of these girls was singularly pretty came as an astonishing, if not belated, revelation. He noticed with interest that several of the girls who sat in the front row did so with their bare legs crossed in a cheesecake-style fashion. His thinly disguised lustful glances were not wasted on the adolescent voluptuaries either, often responding to him by pulling their skirts up a little higher or allowing their shoes to slip from their feet, exposing their lovely toes to him in a sexually subliminal invitation.
It was not as if he were previously immune from such flagrant displays of coquetry. Many nights he had returned home extremely horny, visions of his young students enveloping him in a writhing mass of delectable female flesh. He often went to bed thinking what it would be like to have sex with each of them in turn, feeling their multiple kisses and caresses all at the same moment. These thoughts would predominate in his mind even when he was making love to his wife Ann, who probably would have quickly left him had she any inkling that his passionate and frenzied sexual embraces were induced by the unfulfilled lust for his students rather than her own personal sexual allure. John did, in fact, love his wife, and after seven years of marriage still found her sexually stimulating. However, their lovemaking had grown somewhat stale due to his previous sexual problems—now corrected with the help of EJAX-472—and his wife found his newly restored interest in sex to be something of a hindrance to her own nominal sexual desires. As a result, John's imagination began to make up for the deficit of attention. And now, almost without being consciously aware of it, he desired to increase the latitude of his sexual experimentation beyond the boundaries of his bedroom to include any female or females who gave him the least bit of an invitation to do so. Being a man of principle, however, he suffered greatly with feelings of guilt over his thoughts of conjugal betrayal and had to struggle valiantly to maintain his dignity and professionalism in front of his charges. But even this overt exercise of will was soon to be demolished in the face of a new and more potent factor: the drug that he had been taking for the past two weeks to correct his sexual dysfunction was now going to betray the very body it was supposed to have helped—and he would be unable to do anything about it.
John felt a faint stirring in his genitals as he looked lovingly at the very long legs of one of the girls sitting directly in front of him. Her name was Bridget Veerhoft, and she was nothing like her namesake whose imposing statue graced the front entrance to the school. Bridget was nothing short of beautiful—and sexually mature. At 18 she had already had several dozen boyfriends and he had overheard her say to some of her girlfriends recently that she had masturbated some of them and had found it highly entertaining. He dwelled on this thought as his eyes traversed the length of her nether limbs, licking his lips at the idea of running his tongue between the cracks of her delicately shaped toes all the way up along the vast stretch of her seemingly endless legs to finally rest at the triangle of hair between her thighs. He wondered what it would be like to taste the essence of her, to drink in her vital fluids in the manner of an arachnid, until her blood and bone and flesh were absorbed into his own bloodstream in a terrifying moment of cannibalistic lust. He imagined the tactile pleasure of caressing her long, satiny brunette hair that fell loosely about her shoulders, the cobalt-blue eyes peeking out from behind the mass of curls adorning her face, inviting him, possessing him with their intense gaze. He thrilled at the thought of kissing the full, achingly beautiful mouth, whose lips were parted slightly with unconcealed desire, imagining what it would feel like to have those same lips slowly, inexorably absorb the full length of his now fully erect penis.
"Are you all right Mr. Cardelli?" asked one of the girls.
John quickly drew his gaze away from Bridget, but not before she noticed him staring at her. She smiled at him and ran her tongue over her bottom lip before looking down again into her notebook.
"Yes, yes..." he replied trying not to look obvious. "I'm fine."
He felt flushed, and he was now certain that something strange was going on in his lower body. He could not get up because of his hard on, so he told the girls to go over their notes while he pretended to correct their papers. After a few minutes elapsed, his erection had still not subsided. In fact, he was beginning to feel an overwhelming urge to masturbate. He had not experienced this feeling since the time of the experiment, but even that paled in comparison to his recent morning masturbation rituals, which seemed to come upon him from nowhere and which so greatly troubled his wife. He stupidly ignored the warning signs and now, as the drug was beginning to take possession of him, he grew concerned that he would have to leave the room for a while to relieve his balls of their heavy burden. But how would he do it without the girls noticing the bulge in his pants?
He thought of Ann's comment earlier this morning when she found him in the bathroom jerking off.
"Oh, John! Not again!" she said reprimanding him, but at the same time unable to hide her amusement.
"I should have locked the door," he replied with some measure of shame, but not enough to stop his hand from accomplishing its task.
"You do this every morning now," she said concerned, but still continuing to watch him. "Maybe we should call Dr. Swensen. You know she called here the other day looking for you."
"I know. I have to call her back. What do you think she wants?"
"She probably wants to do a follow-up check up on you and the other men. You'd better call her."
"Okay, as soon as I'm finished in here," he said, trying to placate her.
She frowned as he vigorously continued to pump away at his prick, aiming the head into the toilet bowl.
"You can't stop yourself can you?" she asked.
"If I really wanted to I could."
She didn't seem convinced.
"Okay, then. "Pull your hand away."
"But I'm going to cum soon babe," he said breathing hard.
"I don't care," she replied. "Take your hand off your cock."
John looked at her with desperation in his eyes. It was impossible for him to comply.
"This is serious John."
"I guess it's the drug. It must be controlling me."
With that she watched as his hand flew up and down his pole with increased speed. "You're so beautiful Ann. I want to look at you when I cum."
Ann shook her head numbly, helpless to do anything but watch as her husband relieved himself in front of her.
"You really need to tell the doctor about this," she said, as she got to her knees.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
"What do you think?" she replied. "Shoot it all into my mouth and don't waste a drop."
Locking her hands under her chin, she opened her mouth wide just as John began to cum. Resting his huge prick on her bottom lip, he masturbated himself until he fired off a volley of sperm reminiscent of his performance during the EJAX-472 experiment.
Ann watched wide-eyed as her husband shot what must have been at least two pints of sperm down her throat. Whatever missed her mouth dribbled off her lips into her open palms, and this she eventually drank down with gusto.
She was amazed at the length of his orgasm and the amount of sperm he had ejaculated. In the intervening weeks, he had performed in a more or less normal sexual fashion, but this recent incident made her wary about the drug's supposed benefits and convinced her that if her husband did not contact the doctor about it, she certainly would.
"You have a very pretty nose," he said aloud.
"What did you say Mr. Cardelli?" asked Helga, a cute, flaxen-haired girl with large breasts.
"I didn't say anything," he replied, without taking his eyes off his papers.
"Yes, you did sir." Bridget said. "You said, 'you have a pretty nose.'"
Some of the girls giggled.
"I was just talking to myself. Please get back to work."
"Do you think I have a pretty nose, Mr. Cardelli?" Bridget asked boldly, trying to entice him into a conversation.
John's cock was aching now. The constant straining against his pants was beginning to become uncomfortable and he would have to do something soon.
Slowly looking up from his desk, he made contact with the eyes of his favorite student. To John, a woman might be beautiful in many respects, but if she had an ugly nose, the whole illusion of physical loveliness was ruined. In Bridget's case, her nose was one of the most beautiful things about her. It was small and perfectly straight, both nostrils symmetrical and delicately fashioned. It was a nose that did not draw attention to itself, but when considered as part of the whole, it added immeasurably to the overall effect of pristine beauty.
"It's a lovely nose," he said, smiling at the flirtatious young woman.
Bridget rewarded him with a spectacular smile while simultaneously bouncing her leg up and down over her knee several times.
John watched each arc of her lovely limb as it rose and fell in a graceful and sensuous trajectory. Bridget noticed him looking and kept pumping her leg up and down even as his cock responded in a similar fashion within his pants. There was no doubt in her mind that she had now found his weakness, and she would exploit it to its fullest extent. The other girls noticed his concentration upon Bridget's legs too and began to whisper and giggle amongst themselves. He noticed that several other students in the front row were now also unconsciously (or consciously) mimicking their leggy classmate, hoping to draw his attention their way.
In a concerted effort to get his mind off his lewd thoughts and his insistent erection, John had the girls perform their oral presentations. One by one, each of them stood before the class and delivered her short speech in perfectly fluent French. For several minutes this ploy worked and he began to feel reassured when his mind once more began to concentrate upon his duties. But this was only a momentary respite. Although he was unaware of it at the time, there was a tremendous physiological transformation taking place in his reproductive organs, and his will would soon prove to be an inefficient master when pitted against the overpowering side effects of EJAX-472.
When it was Bridget's turn to speak, John paid particular attention to the way she moved out of her seat, stifling a groan as her skirt lifted itself higher in the process, exposing for a brief moment the white panties underneath. Involuntarily, his hand reached down between his legs and grasped the stiff and throbbing penis that was now undergoing the first stages of "involuntary ejaculation." Several times he tried to draw his hand away, but the build up of sperm was creating an enormous amount of pressure in his testicles. No sooner did he place his hand on his desk than he was immediately compelled to return it to its former position, masturbating himself through his pants.
Bridget delivered her recitation in flawless fashion, turning to look at her teacher several times with eyes full of smoldering sensuality. It was a love poem written by her in a Rabelaisian flavor, and reflected much of the same type of ribald content as the master's own prose; the sole purpose being to impress and eventually win over the handsome man's affections. At one point she actually turned to face him during one of the most erotic passages, trying to gauge his response to her evocative speech even as his own libido was nearing the limits of what he could physically withstand.
The combination of the drug's side effects and Bridget's obvious flirtation were beginning to break down his inhibitions. As he surveyed the young girl's lithe body, he found himself unbuttoning his trousers, desperately seeking to free the monstrous prick that now demanded release. While still watching her, he pulled down his zipper and forced the top of his underwear over his penis, allowing him to firmly grasp the solid slab of muscle.
His cock felt like a firebrand in his hand as he slowly began to stroke it under his desk. There was no doubt in his mind that what he was doing was reprehensible. Yet, knowing this made it even more exciting. He tried to be as circumspect about his self-pleasuring as he could, but soon his breathing began to come in short gasps, his pumping growing more insistent.
He suddenly noticed that some of the girls were looking directly at him and not at Bridget.
"Sir, are you okay?" asked Rachael, a tiny, blonde girl in the second row.
This caused everyone to look at him, including Bridget, who noticed with a mixture of surprise and curiosity that her beloved teacher's hand was out of sight under the desk, moving furiously back and forth. He looked intently at the beautiful girl, his face flushed, and her female instincts told her that he was doing something she had often witnessed before on those occasions when she had offered her own hand to many a frustrated boy's prick.
"Sir?" Rachael asked again.
Regaining his senses momentarily, John's hand flew off his cock and Bridget caught a glimpse of its purple crown as it strained upward just above the horizon of the desk.
Fighting against the uncontrollable urge to cum, John quickly tried to hide his penis under the desk, hoping that Bridget hadn't seen it. But it was too late.
Seizing the opportunity, the girl walked over to him and boldly stared down at his crotch. Putting a hand on his shoulder, she pretended to treat him as if he were sick, calling several other girls to assist her.
"What's wrong sir?" she asked sweetly. "You're all sweaty."
Although both his hands were now resting on the desk, he could feel the incredibly pleasurable sensations continue as though a thousand invisible female hands were stroking him at once. He felt the tip of his prick bounce against the underside of the desk demanding to be touched, and breathed a sigh of relief, thankful that it was safely out of sight. Six or seven girls now surrounded him, happy to be so close to their object of desire.
"I'll be all right," he said, breathing hard. "Please...return to your seats...ladies."
"But your face is all red," said Helga, with a worried look, her big tits almost in his face. "Do you need a doctor?"
"No, no," John replied. "It's just the side effect of some medication I'm taking."
"Let us help you sir," implored Abby, a very talkative 18-year-old with green eyes, very long black hair, and incredibly beautiful hands.
"There's nothing you can do. Just go back and sit down."
Bridget was not about to obey him. She wanted to let all the other girls know what her beloved teacher was hiding beneath his desk, for her own curiosity as much as theirs, and she was not about to let this chance go by.
"I think you should stand up sir," she said almost as a command. "It may help you to breathe better."
With those words the impulsive young woman grabbed the back of his chair with both hands and pulled backwards.
"No! Don't...!" John screeched.
Helga let out a sharp cry.
"Oh my God!" another girl exclaimed.
There, for all the class to see, was John's erect 10-inch prick, sticking out from his pants at an angle, pointing obscenely toward the ceiling. Some of the girls stood there frozen with shock, others reacted with amusement. Bridget, knowing precisely what to expect, but impressed by the size of John's penis, half-smiled, her mouth partly open and her eyes wide and full of anticipation.
"Mr. Cardelli!" she exclaimed, overjoyed that she had induced such a reaction in him.
The rest of the class, eager to get a better look at the object of wonder, quickly rose en masse from their seats and formed a semicircle around the desk. It happened so fast that he didn't know what to do. He froze in his reclined position, reacting with puzzlement at the stubborn sexual appendage that refused to obey his will and that was now the object of scrutiny for the curious group of females surrounding him.
As much as his ethical sensibilities told him that what he was doing was wrong, he made no attempt to hide his genitals from their view. He really couldn't help himself. In fact, he didn't want to help himself. With the drug's side effects now beginning to take hold of his body and mind, all he wanted was for the girls to use his body as they wished, and he was now ready to willingly and lovingly allow himself to become subject to their whim. Part of this sensation he realized was in fact due to the influence of the drug, whose hold upon him was unflinching. But the other part of it was due to his own repressed erotic desires manifesting themselves in deference to whatever semblance of conscience left remaining, the inherent moral barriers that would have forbade such an outrageous act now suppressed by both conscious desire and the effects of the drug. He had become completely subservient to this twin influence, and he was thrilled as he had never been before.
The girls stared at the enormous penis before them, teetering back and forth like a huge oak tree bending in the wind. They made several comments about its size and shape—all complimentary—and spoke very candidly about their own sexual knowledge, which greatly impressed John. Instead of feeling shame, he felt incredibly aroused by their talk and actually began to play with himself in front of them.
"I guess Mr. Cardelli really likes us!" exclaimed Helga, as the entire class broke out into fits of unrestrained laughter.
Bridget noticed that none of the girls left the room, overcome as they were with curiosity over the handsome man's predicament. She looked longingly at his beautiful penis, thinking how wonderful it would be to coax an orgasm out of it, just like she often did with other young boys, only this would be a far greater conquest for her. Knowing that she had exposed his sexual faux pas gave her a great sense of power over him, and she wasted no time in exploiting her advantage.
"It's okay, Mr. Cardelli," she began brazenly. "It's okay if you want to jerk off for us. We wont' tell anybody."
"Yeah, come on sir," said Helga, "we'd like to watch you."
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. These young girls had always seemed so demure and had never given him any hint of the lust that was evidently lurking just under the surface. He was completely dumbfounded and astonished at their aggressive behavior, but it was an invitation he could not refuse.
"I could lose my job," he mumbled, even as his hand worked harder on his prick.
"Don't worry about that sir," Bridget said, watching with fascination as he stroked his immense tool. "Sandy's on the lookout."
Feeling a trifle more secure knowing that one of the girls was keeping watch, he began to masturbate himself in earnest.
As the girls' comments grew more brazen, so did his hand gradually increase its tempo until it raced over his immense length at great speed, causing Abby to giggle.
"Slow down, Mr. Cardelli," she said. "You're going to hurt yourself if you go any faster."
"I can't believe I'm doing this Abby," he said as he took in great gulps of air. "It's the god-damned drug you know. I really can't help it."
"What drug, Mr. Cardelli?" Helga inquired, stroking his hair.
"EJAX-472," he replied with a groan. "It's an experimental male fertility drug. I can't...I can't control it. I'm sorry, girls."
"Don't be sorry sir," said Abby attempting to comfort him. "You're so nice to us all the time. You're always so very nice...and so handsome."
"Yes, we know Abby Gabby," laughed Helga. "We all know you're in love with Mr. Cardelli."
The other girls joined Helga in teasing the naïve teen, but Abby couldn't take her eyes off her beloved teacher now turned exhibitionist.
John's prick was beginning to leak a little clear fluid from its tip as his hand firmly, methodically, worked its way up and down the length of his shaft.
"Oh, God," he moaned in delight.
Bridget jumped up on the desk beside him to watch his performance. To his immense joy, she lifted her skirt and crossed her legs, affording him a most wonderful up-close view of her spectacular limbs.
"I saw you looking at my legs sir," she said with unabashed pride. "I know this turns you on."
"Yes, Bridget, my dear," he replied with infinite gratitude, "it most certainly does."
"You have a really big dick, sir," Rachael remarked, looking over his shoulder.
This made everyone laugh, including John.
"My wife has never complained," he said jokingly, despite his compromised situation.
"It's bigger than any boys' penises I've seen so far," Bridget said, admiring her teacher's technique. "Can you make it shoot really far?"
"Bridget!" Abby said. "That's really rude!"
"No, no, it's okay," John interjected. "Actually, yes, I can."
"How far?" Bridget asked. "Five feet?"
"More like ten."
All the girls received this news with wide-eyed appreciation.
"I can't wait to see this!" Rachael exclaimed, laughing aloud.
As John brought his prick closer to orgasm, whatever shame he felt exposing himself to the girls faded with each stroke. In fact, even though he knew he was going to ejaculate very soon, he struggled desperately to postpone his climax as much as possible so that he could relish the attention he was receiving from the young, admiring voyeurs. Some of these girls had never seen a grown man masturbate, and he enjoyed watching their beguiled expressions even as he encouraged them to ask questions about sex.
"Have any of you ever given a boy a handjob?" he asked, looking straight at Bridget.
"Lots of times," the leggy beauty confessed freely.
"Me too," Helga admitted with a grin. "I love doing it."
Several other girls also admitted that they had masturbated their boyfriends and spoke frankly about it in front of their teacher.
"My brother's girlfriend gave him a handjob in the theater a few weeks ago," Abby blurted out suddenly.
"Oh?" Bridget said. "How do you know that?"
"I was sitting right behind them and I saw everything."
John was pleased that his students had become quite relaxed in his presence, continuing to watch him masturbate but comfortable enough to speak openly about their own sexual experiences. He felt as if he were in a dream: as if all his innermost sexual fantasies had been combined into this one intense moment of pure lust, awaiting only a few final teasing strokes to force him to explode like a supernova. Sitting in his chair with his pants down around his ankles and his huge cock in his hands seemed perfectly natural to him now. It really was no different from the exhibitionistic experiment in which he had recently participated at the Clinic. The only difference was, these were his students!
"Tell me more about your brother," John said to Abby.
"Well, sir," she began, "they didn't know I was watching them because they were kissing so much. After a while my brother started to feel her titties, but she pulled his hands away."
"Boys always do that!" said Helga with feigned annoyance.
"He wouldn't leave her alone, so she finally took out his thing and started to play with it."
"Really?" one of the older girls asked. "Right there in the theater?"
"Uh huh. We were sitting in the last row so no one could see what they were doing."
"Butyousaw them!" Bridget said excitedly. "What did she do?"
Abby halted for a moment as if trying to recall the sequence of events.
"Well, they started kissing again and before you know it, my brother has this enormous...you know."
"Erection," John volunteered between gasps.
"Yes, sir," she said. "It was really big too, almost as big as yours."
The girls reacted to this statement with outright incredulity.
"No ladies, it's possible," he said with assurance. "Some boys do have really big penises."
"Did you have a big one when you were a boy Mr. Cardelli?" Helga asked.
"As big as you see here," he said proudly, feeling his balls fill with the telltale onrush of sperm.
"Wow!" the girl responded as she watched his sac visibly expand. "Your testicles are getting really big now!"
He looked at Bridget and smiled with satisfaction at her lustful reaction to his swelling balls. She seemed very relaxed seated on the desk next to him, her shoes off and her legs swinging back and forth at random. He stared at her beautiful feet as they brushed past his legs and, as if in silent acknowledgment of his desire, she decided to rest both of them on her teacher's lap, using her toes to tickle the underside of his sperm-laden sac.
"Oh God Bridget, that feels wonderful," he moaned softly.
"You're such a tease!" Helga said to the willful girl.
Bridget said nothing. She smiled demurely, preferring to let her actions speak for themselves. She was actually extremely turned on and probably would have allowed him to fuck her then and there if the other girls had not been present. But it was enough that she was giving this beautiful man such immense pleasure, and she would see to it that she would capitalize on this situation at a later time.
"So what happened?" Helga asked Abby.
"What do you think?" the girl replied. "She started to...you know...jerk his thing."
"Keep going," John ordered. "Tell us everything that happened."
"Yes sir," she said. "Well, they were so involved with each other that they didn't even notice me sitting right behind them watching. Before you know it, she's pulling on my brother's thing..."
"Say penis, cock, dick, anything other than 'thing'," John snapped, as he felt himself nearing orgasm. "It sounds silly."
"Yes, sir," the girl said apologetically. "I'm sorry."
His hands were flying up and down his cock now and he was breathing heavily. The urge to cum was out of control, his orgasm only moments away.
Bridget was now using her toes to masturbate the underside of his cock. She watched, along with all the other girls, as John's now fully sperm-swollen sac seemed to stretch to its absolute limit. Even his penis seemed to have grown longer, which at first startled, then pleased, the possessed man.
"Finish your story," he begged the girl.
"Are you going to...you know...make it squirt soon sir?"
"Oh really Abby!" Helga said. "Mr. Cardelli wants you to finish the story!"
"Yes, please!" John begged her once more.
"Well, she kept pulling on his penis for about a minute and then, all of a sudden, some white stuff started shooting out the tip."
"It's called 'cum'," he blurted out between clenched teeth. "Say it...cum."
"Yes sir...cum," she said with emphasis. "I couldn't believe how much he shot out too. They were like these long, stringy strands...you know, like when you pump a bottle of hand lotion very hard? One of them actually shot high up into the air and landed on some girl's hair a few rows in front of us."
The picture was now complete in his mind, the young girl's words adding a powerful and complimentary verbal stimulus to his already overly stimulated cock and balls.
"Oh my God, this is it!" he cried. "This is fucking it!"
Twenty-five pairs of eyes stared down at his furiously pumping fist as he could no longer control the multitude of sperm demanding exit from his agitated balls. Anticipating that they might get hit with the errant spunk, the girls standing directly in front of his desk wisely moved off toward the left and right, leaving a gap where they could safely witness the event unscathed.
Sensing he was now on the verge of orgasm, Bridget rubbed her toes over his shaft even faster, trying to keep in tempo with his frantic stroking. John looked around the room with eyes wide open, sensing the heightened anticipation and amusement of all the girls as his prick was now primed to fire its full supply of sperm. He grabbed Bridget's foot with his hand, using it to jerk himself off, much to her unexpected delight.
"It's okay if you get some on my feet," she said almost in a whisper.
Suddenly he felt all his muscles stiffen at once—just his hand continued its stroking, as if it had a life all its own. The white lava worked its way out of his body, and from deep within he cried aloud as if in exquisite agony. He focused on Bridget's expectant face, even as she focused on his now erupting prick.
In an instant he was greeted with gales of laughter and surprise.
"Oh my God!" Helga shrieked, as she, Bridget, and all the other girls watched the first burst of cum sail across the room and splash into the blackboard on the opposite side. The thick blob of white cream hit the blackboard with such force that little rivulets of sperm branched out in all directions from the point of impact, their slimy tendrils slowly trickling down onto the chalk below, coating everything in its path with its gooey residue.
Neither the girls nor John had time to recover from his first feat of ejaculatory prowess before he was firing off yet another round of sperm—multiple bursts of sticky semen that flew in many directions at once. The girls didn't know where to look first, reacting with amazement as arc after arc of cum found its way out of his prick and onto their desks and their personal belongings. Even the lighting fixture directly above his head was dripping with the white stuff. Abby stood next to her teacher with her eyes focused on his cock, counting each volley of sperm as it found its way upward toward the ceiling. John watched her look down and then up several times as she traced each separate arc of cum on its journey skyward, giggling profusely at the sight.
Bridget's feet in the meantime were dripping with semen. She laughed at each successive burst of goo as it flew across the room, sticking her feet in the path of the oncoming stream, watching it splash into her feet and between her toes.
"Oh, it feels so hot Mr. Cardelli!" she screamed, as yet another thick rope of cum adorned her pretty soles.
All the girls reacted with unbridled joy as they watched Bridget's feet being christened with the sticky white fluid. Suddenly, Helga kneeled down before John and impulsively ran her hand up and down his cream-coated shaft, pulling his own hands away and replacing them with her own.
"I want to do it!" she demanded.
The feeling of the lovely blonde's cool hands on his climaxing prick was more than he could bear. Surrendering himself to her control, he flung himself backward into his chair and watched as she grabbed his cock with both hands and savagely jerked him up and down.
"Watch this!" she said without taking her eyes from his cock.
This unexpected maneuver by Helga made all the girls curious as to what she was going to do. Through all their shock and laughter, they stopped momentarily to examine the handiwork of their lecherous classmate. The ecstatic girl wasted no time.
Firmly holding John by the base of his shaft with one hand, she pulled the skin back taught so that his prick grew to even greater heights, which amazed everyone, including John. It seemed for the moment that he had stopped climaxing, but it was something the girl was doing to him, unaccountable as it was, that was forestalling the continuation of his orgasm.
"It's about time you learned how to do this," Helga said to Abby. "Put your finger right over here."
Abby looked at John with hesitation in her eyes.
"Do as she says," he replied breathlessly, feeling intense pressure once again building up in his balls.
"This is the sensitive part," Helga said as she took the girl's finger and had her begin rubbing the underside of his cock. "It's called the 'glans'."
Still keeping her grip firm on the base of his shaft, she told Abby to rub the glans using only the tip of her index finger. This the girl obligingly did, prompting John to buck his hips wildly up and down.
"I saw my sister do this once," Helga informed the bewildered group.
Abby was thrilled at the opportunity to bring pleasure to her handsome teacher and she looked at him with loving eyes as she teased the sensitive little strip of skin without skipping a beat.
"If you do it this way," Helga said instructing the girl, "you can get a lot more sperm out."
"Jesus Christ girls!" John said as the dual ministrations of the two lovely young women were now bringing him to the brink of an even more powerful orgasm.
He watched in amazement as the tip of Abby's dainty little finger ran up and down his glans with short, intense bursts, her lovely face only inches from his magnificent prick, her girlish laughter provoking him, commanding him to release the abundant white cream now on its inexorable journey upward though his vertical shaft.
John's entire body stiffened as he gripped the sides of his chair hard.
"Here it comes!" said Helga excitedly, as she pulled down hard at the base of his prick.
No sooner had the words escaped her lips than a fiery rope of semen shot out of his cock with great speed, flying straight up into the air. This unexpected reaction at first surprised and then delighted Abby, who, along with all the other girls, squealed with laughter as each flick of her finger produced a subsequent burst of cream.
"Whoa! Mr. Cardelli!" she exclaimed as her fingers coaxed out several more stringy loads in quick succession.
Both girls' hands were now completely covered with cum, but they did not flinch in their duty to their teacher. Wanting to provide him with the maximum amount of pleasure possible, they both grabbed his prick with their hands and jerked him off in unison, provoking yet another dozen or so massive cumshots that bathed everything in the nearby vicinity with a coating of white lacquer. The pleasure was so intense and prolonged that John thought he was going to pass out.
The two young girls continued to milk him furiously as the other girls cheered them on. Bridget had become so overcome with lust that she lowered her face onto the spurting prick, opening her lips wide to let the jets of sperm splash into her mouth. The girls went crazy. John, himself, couldn't believe what she was doing. All he knew was that he wanted her to keep her face there forever so that he could pump gallons of sticky hot sperm into her willing mouth and all over her lovely profile.
"Do it Bridget! Do it!" Helga screamed, as she and Abby directed the creamy streams into the wanton girl's mouth.
Bridget was swallowing very fast now, trying to catch as much of the viscous white fluid as she could. The girls around her watched with rapt fascination as their teacher's huge prick fired off dozens of creamy salvos that were either quickly swallowed or allowed to splash over the beautiful features of the young girl. Helga and Abby could not believe the amount of sperm being ejaculated and were at last overcome with laughter, so much so that they simply fell to the floor in hysterics, leaving Bridget to finish the job. This she did gladly, employing the help of several other girls who had been waiting their chance to get their hands on the stunningly gorgeous man.
John was physically exhausted, but he was far from finished. He watched in awe as seven or eight girls kneeled before him, each taking a turn at sucking his prick. He had stopped ejaculating as soon as Helga and Abby had released him, but as soon as the first girl put him in her mouth, he rewarded her with a hot, creamy burst of joy juice. Swallowing what she could, she then allowed the next girl in line to savor his salty effluences. And so it went on and on for several minutes, with each lovely girl getting to sample his milky white seed.
Suddenly, there was a loud knocking on the door.
Sandy, the girl who had been on lookout but who was now thoroughly absorbed with what was going on in the room, pointed to a female face staring at her through the small glass partition in the door.
"It's Ms. Stedman!" the girl screamed.
It was too late to do anything. The girl had not seen the dean of the school approach until the very last minute. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Walking into the room to investigate the commotion, Ms. Stedman was just in time to see her favorite teacher shoot the last of several stringy loads of cum into the hands of Bridget Veerhoft and her friends. John Cardelli was terminated immediately and arrested on morals charges. The girls were suspended from school indefinitely pending further investigation. In the days following the fiasco, the authorities, the teachers, the parents and their children, all became the focus of a media frenzy that rocked the normally placid community to its foundations.
************
************
It had been a long day and I could no longer focus my attention on my work. The vast piles of notes, specimen samples, lab results, and various medical paraphernalia used during the course of the EJAX-472 experiment lay strewn across my office at the Clinic in haphazard fashion. It was not like me to be so disorderly, but the frustration at not having been able to make any significant progress regarding the recent medical anomalies surrounding my drug had made me distraught and reckless. The two-week follow-up was only two days away, and although I was somewhat mollified to learn that none of my test subjects had reported any incidence of "involuntary ejaculation," which I had witnessed firsthand during my sister's birthday party and which had caused me untold anxiety since then, I was nonetheless completely stymied as to why the effect was occurring at all. Up to this point all my investigations had proved fruitless and had led me to a scientific dead end.
"Did you ever get in touch with that guy Cardelli?" I hollered to Cheryl, who was sitting in an adjacent office sifting through an enormous stack of paperwork.
"Nope," she said mechanically. "I've tried several times today but no one answers."
"Well, keep trying. He's the only one who hasn't been accounted for and I need him here on Friday."
The girl continued to file papers away, exasperated at the disarray.
"This place is a mess!" she said suddenly.
"Did you hear what I said Cheryl?"
"Yes, doctor, I heard you," she replied without looking up. "I'll call him again as soon as I'm done with...with this!"
I looked up in time to see her hurl a handful of files across the room.
"Why don't you take a break right now and give him a call him in about ten minutes."
"I'm sorry," she replied with a shrug. "I've been at this all day and I'm getting nowhere."
"I know exactly how you feel. Go ahead, take a break."
Grateful to be released from the burdensome chore, Cheryl retreated quickly toward the office lounge. I felt almost as bad for my devoted assistant as I did for myself. I rarely indulged in self-pity, but considering the circumstances I allowed myself to wallow in it for a while, almost taking a masochistic delight in feeling so extraordinarily sullen. The two of us, along with Rebecca and Maria, who were occupied with related matters in the lab, had been putting in16-hour days for the past week, and the long hours of research were beginning to take their toll. Not only was the staff involved in trying to solve what I perceived to be a probable design flaw in the genetic coding sequence of the drug, but they also had to prepare for the next series of examinations that were requisite for the further administration of the fertility supplement. This dual nexus of both mental and physical toil seemed to stretch out before me into an indeterminable distance, with the answers to my questions sequestered within an ambiguous landscape cluttered with ill-defined and impossible vistas—the unknown, uncharted lands of pure, abstract thought where solutions were offered to only the very gifted or the very lucky.
The task ahead was daunting: how to discover a remedy for the "involuntary ejaculation" problem and how to accomplish this before my subjects began to suffer the same symptoms as my brother-in-law Philip and the mutant dwarf, Joey Balls: uncontrollable, insistent orgasmic urges that were physically impossible to withstand. For me, it was a race against time. It was not a matter of if, so much aswhenthe drug would exert its influence that concerned me. And this was impossible to determine given the enormous amount of variables involved. Some of the men might never encounter the side effect whatsoever, while others most certainly would. The drug was simply too powerful to allow everyone to escape unscathed. That is why I had insisted on the two-week follow-up. And that is why I was now so utterly overwhelmed and on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
The phone suddenly rang.
"There's a call for you on line one," the receptionist said on the other end. "Do you want to take it?"
"Who is it?"
"A gentleman by the name of Craig Lundquist. He says he met you at your sister's party last week."
"Craig who?"
"Lundquist," she repeated. "He says he was the waiter with the 'special' salad dressing."
"I don't know any Craig Lund..." I stopped in mid-sentence, my mind searching. "Oh, yes...Craig, the waiter," I said smiling to myself. "I remember him. Put him on."
I recalled the handsome young boy's marvelous ejaculatory performance at Bonnie's birthday party—the event that precipitated my investigations into the involuntary ejaculation problem in the first place. His profuse orgasm had startled everyone that day, and at first believing his achievement to be a simple matter of genetics, I soon came to learn that he had been taking EJAX-472 illegally, the drug having gotten into his hands via the unethical manipulations of Bonnie's husband, Philip. My intuition told me that this was not a social call, but was instead related to the drug. As I heard his first tentative words my fears were confirmed, and I listened to him speak with growing anxiety.
"You have to help me Dr. Swensen," he began in a pleading voice. "I don't know what to do."
"Where are you now Craig?"
"I'm home."
"How long have you been taking the drug?"
"A couple of weeks I guess. But I ran out a few days ago. Why?"
"It's very important that you see me. Can you make it to the Clinic on Friday?"
"Yeah, I guess so. But what do I do in the meantime?"
"The first thing I'd advise you to do is to stay home. Don't go out under any circumstances."
"I can do that," he assured me. "But how...how do I deal with the need to...you know...masturbate?"
I could tell that even as we spoke his breathing was becoming increasingly labored.
"What are you doing right now?" I asked him.
A few seconds went by with no response.
"Craig?" I asked again.
"Yeah," he said breathlessly, "I'm here."
"What are you doing right now?" I demanded.
I heard him emit a slight moan before answering.
"I feel guilty admitting this doctor," he stammered, "but I'm...jerking off."
He almost broke out into laughter as he said this, but he quickly resumed breathing hard into the phone. In the background I could hear the sound of his fist pumping rapidly on his penis.
"I'm not surprised," I said calmly. "It's the influence of the drug. Don't try to resist it. Just go ahead and masturbate yourself to orgasm."
"I'm sorry doctor Swensen," he said between gasps. "I'm not trying to be rude. I...I just can't help myself..."
"I realize that. Are you close to ejaculating now?"
No answer.
"Can you tell me what you're feeling at this moment?"
Just then I had to pull the phone away from my ear as Craig let out a scream.
"What is it?" I said alarmed. "What's wrong?"
For a moment all I could hear was a long drawn out moan followed by intermittent laughter.
"Craig!" I shouted into the phone. "What's going on?"
For the next few minutes I stayed on the phone waiting for him to respond but all I could hear was a continual moaning coupled with a tittering laughter. I realized that if he were having an orgasm, he wouldn't be able to speak, and I would have to wait until it was over before he could answer me. I didn't want to hang up until I was sure he was all right.
"Doctor," he said finally, gasping for breath. "Are you still there?"
"Yes, I'm here," I replied, relieved. "Are you okay?"
"Oh my God," he declared. "I just shot about a gallon of sperm onto my bathroom floor! It's...it's unbelievable!"
"Don't be alarmed," I said trying to calm him down. "What you just experienced is a side effect of the EJAX-472 drug."
"But it's so much!" he exclaimed.
"Your sperm volume and length of orgasm is the result of the drug's influence. The fact that you can't control your urge to masturbate is what concerns me now. Please come and see me Friday morning at 9:00 AM. I will need to do a complete physical examination followed by some lab tests. Prepare yourself to be here at the Clinic for the entire day. I suggest you call your physician and have him or her get in touch with me immediately. Meanwhile, if you feel the need to masturbate again, don't fight it. Just relax and do it. I advise however that you stay at home. I'll have one of my assistants pick you up on Friday. She'll get in touch with you tomorrow to make the arrangements."
"No problem doctor," he said sounding a bit calmer. "I'm not going anywhere."
"Good. The last thing any of us needs is for you to have one of these episodes in public."
"I agree. Don't worry. I'll stay put."
As I hung up the phone I heard the sound of raised voices coming from the lounge. At first I thought it was some of my assistants cursing the microwave oven that seemed to go on the blink every so often. But then I realized that somebody had turned up the volume on the television, and what I was in fact hearing was a news report. Before I had a chance to investigate the matter, Rebecca came running into my office screaming.
"You've got to see this!" Hurry up!"
I quickly followed her to the lounge where Maria, Cheryl, and several more of my staff stood glued to the television set. I stopped dead in my tracks. There, escorted by two police officers and being led away in handcuffs was John Cardelli, the amazingly handsome subject of my EJAX-472 experiment. He looked confused and disheveled as the police led him into a squad car. Behind several other people stood his wife Ann, looking every bit as distressed as her husband as she followed him into the vehicle.
"What the hell is going on?" I said.
"Listen!" Cheryl replied.
"...a very disturbing report today," the announcer began, "of sexual misconduct in one of Stockholm's most prestigious educational institutions. Mr. John Cardelli, a 27-year-old French teacher at St. Bridget's Preparatory School, was arrested today at his home on morals charges brought against him by the dean of the school, Ms. Alison Stedman. Mr. Cardelli, who had been teaching at the school for the past four years, was found yesterday with several of his students engaged in what Ms. Stedman described as "lewd and indecent behavior in the manner of a Roman orgy." At the present time he has offered no explanation for his actions and, from what we understand, he will be held at the Hagen Correctional Institution for interrogation. At this time no bail has been set."
I watched in horror as I contemplated the ramifications of this unwelcome news. There was no doubt in my mind that the drug was now manifesting itself at last, despite the fact that I had forbade its further use to all my subjects.
"It's starting and there's not a damn thing I can do about it," I said as I stood there numbly, shaking my head.
"Oh, my God, Christiana," Rebecca said. "Do you think he'll talk?"
"I hope not. If Cardelli tells the police about the drug we're all fucked. All this research will have been for nothing."
I felt my legs give way just then and fell into the nearest chair. "Jesus Christ! What the fuck am I going to do?"
"Well, maybe he won't talk," Maria said. "Maybe he'll try to contact you now."
"That's the worst thing he can do," Rebecca replied. "All his calls from prison will be monitored by the police."
"We have to reach his wife," I said, noticing that my hands were now shaking. "Cheryl," I said, turning to her. "Give Ann Cardelli a call tonight. They won't allow her to stay at the prison for too long. In the meantime, contact all the other subjects and remind them that they are not to go out in public under any circumstances. Tell them to have someone drive them here on Friday. They are not to take public transportation."
"Yes, doctor."
"And another thing...that guy Craig you have a crush on? He'll be here on Friday too."
"Really?" she asked surprised. "Why is he coming here?"
"Because he's got the same fucking problem the rest of them do, that's why."
"How do you know that?" Rebecca inquired.
"I just got off the phone with him. Or let me put it a better way. I was on the phone with him while he got off."
"No way!" she laughed. "You mean he was jackin' while you were yackin'?"
Her unintended joke made us all burst out laughing despite our discomfort.
"Actually, I didn't have to encourage him much," I said through my laughter.
That brief moment of humor acted like a soothing balm upon my beleaguered senses and I was grateful for it. We all returned to our various duties and when I next looked up at the clock it was after 7:00 PM. At that point I told everyone to go home, but I stayed to continue my research. About 7:30 PM the phone rang. It was Ann Cardelli.
"I got your message," she said, her voice full of displeasure. "My husband's in jail because of you."
"I know all about it Ann. I saw it on the news. I'm sorry."
"It's that god-damned drug of yours that made him do it."
"I left several messages with you trying to warn you but your husband ignored them."
There was a slight pause. "I should hate you for what you've done to him, but you're the only one who can help him now, so I guess I should be civil towards you."
"I need you to tell me everything that happened. Can you do that?"
"I can tell you only what he told me."
"That's good enough."
She described to me the event in as much detail as she could before finally breaking down. She was crying so hard that I had to wait several minutes before I could speak.
"Ann...Ann, please listen to me. I am going to help your husband, I promise. But you have to help me. Now, do you know if he said anything to anyone about the drug?"
"As far as I know he's said nothing about it except to me."
I breathed a sigh of relief.
"Do you know if his bail has been set?"
"Yes," she replied feebly. "It's about $5,000."
"Do you have it?"
"We're not all rich like you, Dr. Swensen," she said condescendingly.
"I am going to send a messenger over to your house right now. He will have $5,000 in cash for you to bail your husband out of prison. No one must know about the drug or his relation to the Clinic or myself. Do you understand?"
"Yes."
"Go back to the prison tonight, pay the bailiff the money and get him out of there as quickly as possible. Do not explain anything to him until you can both speak in private. Have him call me as soon as you arrive home."
"I will."
I heard her sob a few times before hanging up the phone and I cursed myself aloud for being the cause, directly or indirectly, of so many people's misery.
I finally left the office after 10:00 PM, exhausted both mentally and physically. I did not sleep well that night. All I could think of was the hurt and disillusionment in Ann Cardelli's voice as she tried to come to terms with her husband's misfortune, and that it was my drug that was to blame for it. The only consolation I had was that John had kept quiet about the experiment. If he had talked, I would have had to deal with the press, and that would have been a nightmare. Although I had done nothing illegal during the course of the experiment, the fact that the drug was now somehow inhibiting the natural voluntary response of its host was enough to bring the curious to my door. It was the last thing I wanted.
At length I finally managed to doze off, but my sleep was plagued with horrific visions. The most disturbing of all was one in which I found myself sidestepping an oncoming swarm of terrified rats that had escaped from the lab seeking vengeance against me for daring to treat their bodies with impunity. I quickly climbed up onto my desk to avoid them but the multitude of vermin seemed to increase exponentially every second until the desk itself was carried upon their backs, and I, along with the desk, was hurled into a vast, inky, black hole. I seemed to fall a very long time until at last I woke up in a cold sweat. It was almost dawn.
Unable to sleep any longer, I got up and made myself breakfast and then showered and dressed. I arrived at the Clinic just after 7:00 AM feeling tired and achy from a poor night's sleep. It would be two hours before anyone would arrive, so I took advantage of my little slice of solitude to pour over my original notes written just prior to my first studies conducted with rats several years earlier.
The animals that I had used in those early experiments were themselves in perfect health and were acting normally, with no sign of adverse levels of toxicity remaining after ingestion of the drug had ceased. Those experiments had predated the human experiments by one year, and no subsequent abnormalities or sexual anomalies had occurred in the male rat population during that 12-month period. The sexual capacity of all the rats had been restored, and this equilibrium had been maintained up to the present time. In the human subjects however, the drug was behaving erratically, almost as if it were reprogramming my original genetic sequence with a new code of its own. But how was that possible? This was the thing I could not understand: how could my own code be overwritten?
"You're working yourself too hard Christiana."
Startled, I turned to see Rebecca standing against my desk.
"Jesus, you scared me," I said catching my breath. "What are you doing here so early?"
"What do you mean?" she replied. "It's 9:00 AM."
I looked up at the clock and was amazed when I realized that two hours had passed.
"Have all the preparations been made for tomorrow?"
"Yes. Shall I run through the details with you now?"
"No. Wait until Maria and Cheryl arrive and then all four of us can sit down together and finalize everything."
"How about we meet in the lab, say around 9:30?"
"Fine."
Rebecca stood there for a moment scrutinizing me.
"What is it?" I said.
"You look tired boss," she observed.
"I have work to do Rebecca," I stated firmly, without looking at her.
She lingered a few seconds unsure of what to do, and sensing I was not in the mood to converse, she walked out of my office with her head down muttering something unintelligible.
I met my three assistants in the lab a half hour later, and as we went over the final preparations for tomorrow's follow-up tests, I could tell that they were concerned for my apparent preoccupation with the mystery concerning the drug. Cheryl especially seemed agitated to the point where she would look at me furtively every few seconds to gauge my responses to her questions about the test. Rebecca and Maria both seemed to regard me with mild apprehension, as if I were going to reprimand them should they displease me in any way. Their combined attempts to humor and patronize me finally took its toll.
"Will all three of you please stop!" I yelled. "I am not going insane if that's what you think!"
Maria looked at Rebecca, then at Cheryl. "We're worried about you doctor."
"I'm worried about me too...and for all of you and this whole god-damned Clinic if we don't get to the bottom of this problem. But treating me with kid gloves is not going to help matters. Do you understand?"
All three women stared at the floor and said nothing.
"Now let's go over tomorrow's schedule. Maria, let's start with you."
"Well," she began, "I couldn't reach that idiot Luis Hernandez for one thing."
"As much as I don't like him, I don't want him to come to any real harm. And I definitely don't like having a loose cannon out there. Bad enough that little shit Joey Balls is roaming free. God knows what's going on with him."
"We can only hope that neither of them has an episode or goes to the police," Cheryl said.
"Yeah," Maria remarked, "hopefullyJoey Balls is out of the country andhopefullyLuis is too afraid to go to the authorities. That's not much to go on."
"Sometimes hope is all we have Maria," I said. "Please continue."
"All of the test subjects, including your sister's husband, will be here tomorrow at 9:00 AM, except for Mr. Cardelli."
"He called me last night. He'll be here."
"How did he get out of jail?" Rebecca asked.
"I bailed him out."
"Oh, Christiana," she said disapprovingly.
"I had to. The longer he remained in there the greater the likelihood he might talk.""How do you know he didn't say anything already?" Maria inquired.
"He didn't. He gave me his word."
"I hope he wasn't lying to you," Rebecca said.
"He's a good man, Rebecca. And besides, we're his only hope now. If he told them the truth he'd bring this whole experiment to an end and any chance of him having a normal life. Not to mention what would happen to each of us."
The women sat there quietly digesting my words. They, like I, were contemplating the ramifications of a life possibly spent behind bars, imprisoned on the charge of reckless endangerment of human life. The possibility of such a fate loomed before us like a black storm cloud gathering on the horizon."Go on, Maria."
"Oh, yes...let's see," she said, scanning her notes. "Craig Lundquist will also be here at 9:00 AM."
At the mention of the handsome boy's name, Cheryl looked at Maria and winked.
"One of Lynette's girls is going to pick him up at his house around 8:00 AM," Rebecca said. "I gave her all the information."
"Very well. As soon as they arrive I want them stripped down and into the showers straight away. I will have Lynette handle that. Maria, it is your responsibility to make certain that all the test subjects are made comfortable and that all their needs are attended to."
"Yes, doctor."
"We can let them have their old rooms. It will probably make them less apprehensive."
"All the rooms have been cleaned and sterilized. I made sure of that yesterday."
Maria looked like a little girl who was trying hard to make an impression on her teacher.
"Thank you," I said. "You will be in charge of all the lab paraphernalia used in the test as well as seeing to the needs of the patients during their stay here. Do you have the list of all the items needing attention?"
"Yes," she replied waving her steno pad in front of her, "right here."
"I want you to go over everything with Rebecca and Cheryl. All procedures are to be double checked, and if you have any problems you are to inform me immediately."
"Yes, doctor."
"Okay, Cheryl. Your turn."
"All the items you listed are in the lab and are ready for use. These include the following: the penis/testicular restraints; the vacuum tubes; the special hand lotion for extended masturbation; six mechanical hands; multi-angle leather recliners; Velcro hand cuffs; calipers; a yardstick..."
I laughed. "We're measuring men here not horses. Go on."
"One dozen new glass beakers—two quart capacity..."
"We know what that's for!" Rebecca smirked.
Maria looked sullen as she recalled the task I had assigned her in the previous test.
"Maybe you could have someone else catch the semen this time doctor."
"It will please you to know that I have employed the services of several of Lynette's girls to take care of that problem. They will try to keep the floor as sperm-free as possible."
"There's something here I don't understand," Cheryl said suddenly. "Mechanical hands?"
"Yes, they were designed to my specifications by a company in England. I haven't had a chance to inspect any of them yet. Would you mind getting one for me? They're over there on the top shelf of the cabinet."
Cheryl waltzed over to the storage cabinet and picked up a rectangular cardboard box about 12 inches in length. She looked at the item curiously.
"Not very heavy," she said, placing the box in my hands.
I pulled the lid open and gently withdrew the device.
"Jesus," Rebecca said. "It looks real!"
All the girls remarked how lifelike the artificial hand looked. The fingers were extremely pliant and the skin felt uncannily like human skin. Cheryl noted wryly that the fingernails were painted red.
"Those guys are going to love these!" she said, running her fingers over the simulated flesh.
"It's made out of latex and is powered by a single battery," I said, admiring the workmanship. "You just attach it to the shaft, press the button, and voila...hands-free masturbation. Simple but efficient."
Maria was laughing. "Well at leastourhands will get a break!"
"That's exactly why I created these," I said. "I know those protracted milkings get all you girls tired out. This way we can let 'mechanical Mary' here do all the work."
"Mechanical Mary! Ha!" Rebecca squealed. "I love it!"
It was the way she said it, rather than the term itself, that made us all break out into fits of laughter.
"It's so nice to see you laugh Dr. Swensen," Cheryl commented.
"Oh, it feels good to laugh, Cheryl," I said, even as the tears began to well up in my eyes.
"No, Christiana, don't." Rebecca said, putting her hand on mine.
"I'm so afraid this whole thing is going to blow up in my face," I said, fighting back the tears. "I'm so scared."
"We're all in this thing together. Right Cheryl?"
"Right!" Cheryl replied.
"Right Maria?"
"Absolutely!" Maria affirmed.
"You see, Chris? We're all with you. And together we're going to find a way out of this mess."
I let the girls talk for a while, as much for their sake as for mine. Several jokes were made and for a time I actually forgot my own troubles. But the undercurrent of doubt remained just under the surface of our brief-lived joy, making the interval of lightheartedness bittersweet.
"You girls have been very good to me. I couldn't ask for better friends."
"Do you feel a little better now?" Cheryl asked.
"Yes, thank you."
Seeing that I was now relatively composed, Rebecca retrieved her palm pilot from the desk. I watched her eyes scroll down the screen.
"I'd like to confirm the list of physicians attending," she said.
"Sure," I said. "Read them off."
"In addition to you and I," she began, "Michelle Olson called to say that she will be assisting."
"Oh," I said surprised. "I thought she was out of the country."
"Her plans changed. She wants to be here to help out."
"Great. Who else?"
"Well, in keeping with the subjects' wishes to have only female doctors present, I contacted Sheila Ford and Jennifer Barlow. They both have volunteered their services."
"Jennifer is a gynecologist," I said. "Why would she want to participate?"
"She did attend the experiment if you recall and she's very interested in your studies with EJAX-472."
"Fine," I said. "If she wants to assist I have no problem with that. Anyone else?"
"Nope, that's it. Oh!" she said, suddenly. "I almost forgot. Sheila asked that her daughter Jill and Jill's friend Laura be allowed to attend. Both girls are going into premed and want to observe."
"Sure, why not? They did help out the last time. Call Sheila and let her know that both of them are welcome."
Rebecca did some quick calculations. "With the addition of the two girls that should bring the total number of audience members to about 50 or so."
"That's enough. This is going to be a more detailed and in-depth study. I really don't want several hundred people in here like the last time."
"Two guys in our x-ray lab asked if they could attend," Maria said.
"No. Out of deference to the subjects' wishes I have decided to forbid any males from participating. They can see it all on video later."
We continued to go over the logistics of the experiment for another half hour and then I sat with Lynette to discuss some last-minute issues regarding the assembly of the prefabricated cubicles in which each test subject would be examined. Lastly, I consulted with the video team who told me that the entire event would be videotaped from behind the smaller outer lab window that divided it from the main lab. It was now 12:00 PM and I was feeling famished. I got my lunch from the cafeteria and returned to my office. I had barely taken a bite from my sandwich when the phone rang.
"Guess who?" sang the sultry voice on the other end.
"Hi sis," I said, chewing on a mouthful of food.
"Okay," she said jokingly. "Whose cock are you chomping on now?"
"I'm having my lunch."
Bonnie laughed. "Well, I just called to let you know that Philip had another incident last night."
"What happened?"
"You know I have the managers and their assistants from my various stores come to dinner here at the house every few months. In all we were about 30 women. Well, the girls and I were having dinner on the lanai and just as we were finishing up, Philip decides to join us. He sat and talked with everyone...you know how charming he can be. Anyway, I noticed that his hand was going like crazy up and down in his lap and the young girl next to him was getting off on it. I knew he was masturbating under the tablecloth but he refused to look at me. He just kept talking to the ladies."
"He could have excused himself," I said.
"I don't think he wanted to," Bonnie replied. "He then pulls his cock out in full view of the girl next to him and she starts laughing. Of course all the women are curious as to what's going on. I told him to stop but he couldn't seem to help himself, or he didn't give a shit. Next thing you know, he starts cumming right there in front of everyone."
"I don't believe this," I said, disturbed at the news.
"The funny thing was you really couldn't see his dick. All you could see was the sperm shooting up in the air. I mean, Christiana, these were really long jets of cum. I think the women were too amazed to run. Everyone just sort of sat there dumbfounded, me included, as we watched him shoot out these long, stringy ropes of sperm, most of which landed right in front of him on the table."
"You must have been horrified."
"Actually, it was more funny than shocking. Ginny Sterns, you remember her, my manager of the East End store, you know...the 50-year-old platinum blonde with the huge tits...she started counting his ejaculations. Can you imagine? Me and the other girls laughed our asses off as we watched her eyes follow each spurt. I think she counted about 30 of them before she finally collapsed on the floor in hysterics."
"I'm sorry Bonnie. I really am," I said apologizing.
"Don't feel too bad sis," she said with a giggle. "He put on a good show."
"Is he ready for tomorrow's experiment?"
"He's all set. I'm driving him to the Clinic myself.""You'll be staying of course."
"Of course."
Before hanging up Bonnie assured me that Philip would remain home and under her supervision until they arrived at the Clinic. I think she was amused by Philip's antics but I knew she was deeply troubled about his involuntary lapses into orgasmic bliss. I knew she didn't want to worry me further, but what she didn't admit outright I nonetheless intimated by the tone of her voice.
I spent the rest of the day making final preparations for the test, forcing myself to work diligently despite my quiet desperation. I examined every single one of the sperm samples taken from the previous experiment using standard electron microscopy and I discovered no apparent anomalies; nothing to point the way toward a possible solution. If tomorrow's experiment failed to shed some light on the problem, I could be faced with a host of lawsuits brought against me by the very people I had tried so hard to help. My research, and my credibility as a scientist, would both be in jeopardy. At last, discouraged that I had made no tangible progress after many hours of research, I said goodnight to my staff around 6:00 PM and went home, expecting my night's rest to be every bit as tormented as all the previous ones since the mystery began.
************
************
Helga Voorman was sitting on a large couch in her living room surrounded by her mother on one side and her father on the other. The attractive blonde kept fidgeting with her school ring, which she wore proudly on the fourth finger of her right hand. It was her only solace now. Not even her parents, normally very protective of their only child, could help her avoid the seemingly endless questioning she had been subjected to over the past hour by the Stockholm police. The two officers, both tall and blonde, stood over her with determined faces, ignoring her discomfort in their pursuit of the truth. As they had done with every girl whom they had interrogated, they promised her that she would be reinstated at school if only she would come forward regarding the truth about John Cardelli and the group sex disaster of the week before. She looked up at them pleadingly, her large blue eyes filling with emotion.
"I've told you everything I know," she said with frustration. "Why can't you just leave it alone?"
Lieutenant Klaus Endland and Sergeant Wilhelm Richter remained impassive. Both men had interviewed almost all of the girls in her French class and had turned up nothing substantial. As a result, the sex pervert known as John Cardelli was now back home in his own house, his wife having bailed him out the night before.
"We can't leave it alone Helga and you know it," said Endland bluntly. "This man Cardelli is a sexual deviate and a child molester..."
"No, he's not!" Helga interrupted. "I told you he never hurt anybody."
"But you can't deny that he exposed himself in front of the entire class."
"He couldn't help himself."
"So you said before."
The Lieutenant paused a moment as if weighing his next question.
"Why do you think he couldn't stop himself, Helga?"
"I don't know."
"She's told you all she knows gentlemen," said Mr. Voorman, on the verge of losing his patience. "I want you both to leave now."
Richter knew that the girl was reaching the limits of her endurance and felt a tinge of pity for the young woman.
"Please," he said to Mr. Voorman, "just a few more questions and then we'll leave." He turned to Endland. "Okay, sir?"
Endland nodded.
"Helga," Richter began gently, "did you notice anything wrong with Mr. Cardelli at any time?"
"I don't know," she said, looking down at her ring. "I guess he looked a little funny."
"How so?"
"Well, when Bridget gave her oral presentation his face got all red and he looked like he was out of breath. But that's because he was...you know..."
She was reluctant to say what she was thinking.
"Because he was masturbating." Richter said, finishing her thought.
"Yes."
"And did you not think his behavior to be completely bizarre?"
"He was just overcome...with lust...you know..."
Mrs. Voorman threw up her hands.
"Do we have to suffer through this whole sordid story all over again?" she asked the two policemen.
"It's okay mom," the girl said, as if trying to recall something. "I think I remember now."
"What do you remember?" Endland asked.
Helga sighed lightly and stopped playing with her ring.
"Mr. Cardelli said that he was on some kind of medication and that's what made him act like that."
"What kind of medication?" Endland inquired.
"I don't remember..." she said, her voice trailing off.
"Try Helga," Richter said. "It's important."
The girl looked momentarily at her mother and then her father, as if they somehow held the clue to the missing information. Several moments passed and then suddenly her face lit up.
"I know what it was!" she exclaimed. "He called it 'EJAX'...yes, EJAX-472!"
Both men looked at each other.
"I've never heard of such a drug," Endland said to Richter. "Have you?"
Richter just shook his head.
"Better call it in and see if forensic has anything on it."
Endland looked at Helga. "Are you sure that's what it's called?"
"Yes, I think so."
"Thank you. This information may prove to be of some help."
As the two men started to leave, Mr. Voorman got up to escort them to the door.
"You are going to see that my daughter gets reinstated at school?" Mr. Voorman asked Endland.
"I wouldn't worry about it Mr. Voorman. If she's as innocent as she claims to be, there shouldn't be any problem."
Both men looked at the girl, but she simply looked the other way.
"She's just a child," Mrs. Voorman added, stroking her daughter's hair.
"In the eyes of the law, your daughter is of legal age and therefore responsible for her actions Mrs. Voorman," Endland said. "But I'm sure in time that the truth will come out. It always does. Good day to you."
Endland looked at Helga one last time but she refused to meet his gaze. The girl was hiding something from him and he could feel it. In fact, all the girls he had interviewed had downplayed their role in the incident, choosing to single out their teacher as the sole culprit. How fickle of them he thought: one moment a beloved teacher, the next a forsaken criminal. But she had given him a lead. This stuff "EJAX-472", whatever it was, might provide the missing part of the puzzle to this strange case. He and his partner hurried back to the station with a sense of urgency, eager to discover the identity of this mysterious drug. It was the first time he had felt a sense of hope since the investigation began.
************
************
It had been a long time since Luis Ramon Hernandez had been forced to steal to support his habit. An avid drug user, he usually had no trouble scoring enough stuff to keep him on cloud nine. His job as a shipping clerk paid moderately well, and he could afford to keep an ample supply on hand at all times. However, his recent experience with the accursed EJAX-472 drug had left him vulnerable. He dared not go out during daylight hours because he feared that he would have another one of his "involuntary ejaculation" attacks that began when Dr. Swensen and her sister had forced him into having his dick sucked by that miserable, traitorous gringo, Philip Olmstead. Thinking back on that day, he shuddered with disgust.
Even now, as he casually walked down a dark, nondescript street toward one of the small magazine shops that stood inconspicuously between a row of other squalid little establishments in the western quadrant of Stockholm, he could still feel the bruises on his back side, reminding him of the ignominious exit he had made from the Olmstead estate a week earlier. He remembered with terror the deafening roar and the irresistible onslaught of air as the cannon exploded, the jeers of the crowd following him even as he sped over the vast expanse of lawn and over the fence into the waiting branches of a large apple tree. He remembered clinging desperately to one of the uppermost limbs until it broke from under his weight, sending him hurtling down through the thicker layers of branches beneath, landing at last on his back on a knoll of damp grass somewhere in the middle of the orchard.
The physical pain he had suffered that day was excruciating, and he swore an oath to himself that Dr. Christiana Swensen and all those associated with her were going to pay for his humiliating defeat. He knew that the injuries he suffered would soon disappear in time, but the psychological aftereffects were far more devastating. He had been humiliated publicly and his manhood degraded. Such an affront against his person could not be forgiven—ever. And unlike the patchwork of scars and bruises that adorned his body, such injuries would never heal. How he was going to exact revenge against his persecutors he did not know. He was not good at planning. Even now, as he felt for the pistol that was shouldered under his jacket, he had no plan other than pointing a gun at someone's face, demanding money, and quickly escaping on foot. Luis had no head for analytical details and absolutely no patience with himself or the world in general. This made for a deadly combination.
He walked into the store and stood directly in front of the magazine display, which he peered over furtively, watching intently as the young woman behind the cash register made change for an elderly man. He would wait until the man left the store and then he would make his move. He did not want to hurt the girl. In fact, he thought her rather pretty and felt somewhat ashamed that she would forever after think of him as nothing more that a common hoodlum. But this personal self-analysis was merely a trifling fancy. He needed money and he needed it desperately. Not only for his own miserable survival, but also to fund his campaign of revenge against the one woman who had shown him the most kindness he had ever experienced from any human being.
As the elderly man made his way toward the door, Luis felt an overwhelming urge to push him from behind in order to facilitate his exit. He restrained himself however and once the door closed behind the old man he grabbed a magazine and headed quickly toward the counter. The girl, a very pretty teen-aged blonde, looked at him and smiled, unaware that he was now reaching for his gun.
"Will that be all sir?" she asked.
Luis made no answer.
"Sir?" she asked again.
His hand fell away from his chest and to his side as he inhaled a great draught of air. Something was happening in his genital region. He knew what it was and he knew there was no way to stop it.
"Oh, no. Not now!" he exclaimed.
"What's wrong?" the girl asked, alarmed. "Are you sick or something?"
Without answering her, Luis fell back into a rack of newspapers as he felt the first influx of sperm begin to coalesce in his testicles. The sensation swept over him like a tidal wave and he had to hold onto the display rack to prevent himself from falling down.
"Somebody help me!" he screamed.
The girl panicked and ran outside trying to solicit aid from any passersby. There was only one other person within earshot, a middle-aged woman across the street carrying several parcels in her arms. Upon hearing the girl's frantic cries, the woman ran to her aid and rushed into the store behind her.
They found Luis sprawled out on the floor, his pants pulled down around his ankles and his fist violently tugging away at his prick. His face was contorted in pain and it seemed as if he could hardly breathe. Both women looked at each other stupefied.
"Good heavens!" the middle-aged woman cried. "What's wrong with him?"
"I don't know!" the girl replied.
"Did you call the police? Look at him!"
The girl stood there watching but made no reply.
"Call the police for heaven's sake!" the woman screeched.
Tearing herself away from the bizarre sight, the girl ran behind the cash register and dialed quickly.
"Hello, police? Please send somebody right now to 11 Studer Way," she insisted. "There's a guy in my store...he's jerking off...yes, that's what I said. He's jerking off in the store. Yes, yes! Jerking off...masturbating. No...I don't know. He's having some kind of fit. Please, hurry up!"
She hung up the phone and came around the counter.
"They're on their way," she said.
Both women were now standing about 10 feet away from Luis, looking on helplessly as the troubled young man rocked his body from side to side as if he were having an epileptic fit.
"Why is he doing that?" the middle-aged woman asked as she focused on his erect penis.
"I have no idea," the girl replied, equally dumbfounded. "But I'm not going anywhere near him."
"Neither am I," the woman agreed.
It had been a wise decision on the part of both of them. For no sooner had they reached a lull in their conversation than Luis starting moaning aloud as the first in a series of stupendous ejaculations commenced. The women watched in horror as rope after rope of sperm shot out of the tip of his agitated cock and sailed high into the air, forming a spectacular train of white-hot globules that coated the entire ceiling immediately above, and everything else beneath it, with a gooey, opalescent paste.
"Jesus Christ!" said the woman spellbound. "Is it ever going to stop?"
"It doesn't even look real," the girl said, disbelievingly.
"Looks real enough to me!" the woman exclaimed, sidestepping a misguided arc of sperm that missed her face by inches. "Move back! Move back!"
The girl was slower to respond and, as a result, was hit with a thick strand of semen that clung to her dress and hung there as a testimonial to her lethargy.
"Oh, shit!" she squealed, examining the stain on her dress.
The older woman quickly grabbed her and pulled her toward the door, out of harm's way. "There's something definitely wrong here. No man can ejaculate like that."
As if in answer to the woman's observation, another volley of cum—this time seven rapid bursts of white following upon one another in rapid succession—flew outward at an angle parallel to the floor and bathed everything in its path with its slimy residue.
"I think he just did," the girl said, overcome with amazement.
Luis' orgasm continued for several more minutes. Sometimes it appeared to the women that his convulsions has ceased, but these brief and deceptively inactive periods were nothing more than the drug manifesting itself for another launch of its sperm-laden cargo, forcing out another entire series of ejaculations, each one more volatile than the one before. Throughout it all, Luis was forced to take in air so quickly as to preclude speech. It felt to him as if he were pedaling a bike rapidly up a mountain, yet the pleasure he derived from his orgasm nullified any perceived physical distress outside of his rapid and labored breathing. He was not aware of time and space, or the two horrified women who continued to observe him from across the room. All he wanted to do was to make the orgasm last as long as possible, irregardless of anything else.
Suddenly the girl rushed to the door, the sound of a police siren drawing closer.
"Oh, thank God," she said with relief. "They're here!"
As the patrol car pulled up in front of the store, Luis' orgasm began to subside. He rose to his feet slowly, unsure of where he was and what to do.
"Don't you go anywhere," the woman said to him. "The police are here. They'll deal with you now."
The purpose of his failed escapade slowly coming back to him now, Luis scanned the immediate area looking for another way out. He saw his chance. Directly behind the register was a small foyer leading to a staircase that opened up onto the street in the back of the building. He made a run for it. At the same time two policemen noticed his attempt to flee and scrambled to intercept him.
Not realizing until too late that the floor beneath him was completely saturated with his sticky sperm, Luis took one step and skidded right into the waiting arms of one of the cops. He struggled in vain as another officer cuffed his hands.
"You wouldn't have gotten very far my friend," said the tall policeman. "We have the back covered too."
Luis turned around to see another tall policeman enter from the back door.
"Let me go," the young man said. "I didn't do nothing!"
"Oh yeah? But you were going to weren't you?" said a third officer as he retrieved the pistol from Luis' holster.
Upon seeing the gun, the young girl looked at the older woman and shuddered.
The tall policeman who had entered from the back door came around the counter and surveyed the area where Luis had relinquished his immense load.
"What the fuck is all this shit?" he said looking up, as huge globs of cum continued to drip in long, gelatinous strands down to the floor below.
"It's sperm sir," the other tall man replied. "The same thing I saw at St. Bridget's."
The other officer fell silent, shaking his head in disbelief at the amount of fluid surrounding him. "Read the son of a bitch his rights," he said at last in disgust.
"You can't lock me up mother fuckers!" Luis screamed. "I'm an innocent man!"
The tall officer by the counter casually walked over to Luis and looked down upon him. "What is your name?"
"I am Luis Ramon Hernandez," came the defiant response.
"I am Lieutenant Endland and this is my partner Sergeant Richter. I want you to tell us everything you know about EJAX-472."
End of Chapter 5