I needed new shoes for work. I detest shopping malls, crowds, shops...
I went to the first shoe shop in the mall, a discount chain which had only one other customer. I wasn't fussy - plain black would do.
I was in shorts, tee shirt, socks and runners. In this shop, men's shoes were at the back, children's at the front and two aisles of women's in between. In one of the aisles a short, slim Asian woman was sitting on the bench trying on half a dozen pairs, sitting and trying another. She wore a short pink skirt, and while I waited for service I watched this woman deliberate, then try again. But what piqued my interest was that as she sat looking at the shoes, she frequently opened her thighs and from my angle I could see pussy. That's right, no panties, just sweet Asian pussy with just a few wisps of jet black hair.
I'm sure she didn't realise she was giving me a show and it was some minutes before 'my' assistant came to help. By then my swelling cock was making a tent in my shorts which I hastily rearranged for comfort and to hide it.
This girl was slim, medium height, with dark hair and hazel eyes. She was quite pretty, even with a few pimples so I guessed her age as late teens. I was twenty-two at the time.
She wore the uniform of the chain - black pants, black blouse.
"Hi, I'm Angel. What can I help you with today."
"Hi Angel. These, or these, in my size."
"OK, we should have both. Let me measure you."
She knelt at my feet and I noticed with glee that her blouse failed to properly cover her small, pert titties in their little black lace bra. She reached under the bench I was sitting on to pull out the measuring device, and somehow her dangling earring got caught on the fabric of the seat.
Three things happened in just seconds as a result.
First, I could now see both her creamy-white little tits right down to where her flat tummy disappeared inside her pants. Second, she was now just a foot away from my semi-hardon, which I'm sure she had by now noticed. Third, as I turned on the bench to try to help her, my loose shorts leg opened slightly and she was in the perfect position to see my balls.
Angel unhooked the earring from her ear and managed to untangle it from the bench seat.
"You OK?"
"Yeah, yeah. Thanks. Um, I'll be back in a sec."
I rearranged my shorts, and by now the Asian lass had left leaving her reject choices strewn on the floor.
Angel came back.
"Now, lets try that again..."
She knelt, and my jaw dropped. While she was away she'd removed the bra. She was leaning forwards, making no attempt to measure my feet - clearly she was showing me down her front, the whole thing as before but now with unobstructed view of her little titties. They were pert and pointy, with tiny pink nipples pointing straight out.
She stayed like that for ten or fifteen seconds, then resumed the sale process. My mind was in a spin, but within minutes I'd bought the shoes. As she handed the bag to me over the counter, this little strumpet told me: "My shift finishes in ten. See you at the Chook Stop?"
"OK. In ten."
I wasn't sure what she had in mind, but I was ready to bet it wasn't fried chicken.
I waited nervously and twelve minutes passed before Angel appeared. She walked straight to me and sat.
"Um, I'm Dave. You want a drink or something?"
"OK. Coke."
I got two Cokes.
"Dave?"
"Yeah?"
"You like to watch right?"
"Umm Hmm."
She leaned closer: "I like to be watched. And you got hard looking at me. It's not the same with my boyfriend. Not, y'know, naughty enough. Sooo..."
"Go on."
"Wanna play?"
Fuck, was I dead? Of course I wanted to play!
"Ooh yeah. What's the game?"
She giggled.
"Come with me..."
We left most of our Cokes there, and in my haste I almost forgot my new shoes as well. I followed her towards the exit, then she took a hard left towards the loading docks behind the shops. I followed meekly.
She opened a gate with a code stick on the lanyard around her neck, checked whether we'd been seen, and led me inside.
Amongst various cartons and crates she found a spot where we couldn't be seen easily if somebody came out into the yard, then abruptly turned towards me. With an impish smile, she undid her blouse and opened it to reveal those perky titties I'd seen earlier. Perfect shape, gorgeous little pink nipples, already hard with excitement.
She threw the lanyard behind her neck to get it out of the way, leaned back onto a pile of crates and beckoned me towards her. As I got close she reached for my shorts, pulled the string and pushed them down to reveal my aching boner.
Deftly she took me in both hands and began pulling and rubbing at it. I reached for her mound, but she pushed my hand away. OK, I thought, hand job it is then.
I looked eagerly at her tits as she wanked me for two or three minutes, and I began to build towards ejaculation. She sensed it and drew me closer.
"You close?"
"Yeah."
A few more strokes and I felt it boiling in me, I stared at her tits longingly, and then it came. Ropes of jizz shot out of my twitching cock, which she expertly aimed so that I creamed her titties and chest.
Gasping for breath, the feeling passed and without a word little Angel wiped my cum off with a tissue, dropped it and buttoned up her blouse.
She left, looking back over her shoulder.
"See ya, Dave! Don't forget your shoes!"