AUTHOR'S NOTES:
This is part of my Neil and Debbie series. Deb and I write our stories together. Her memory is better than mine, and I put the words 'on paper'. This narrative has elements of our real life experiences, occasionally spiced with fantasy. You might be able to guess which is which.
The hottest action is near the end of the story.
All characters are (well) over the age of eighteen.
* * * * *
It's amazing how a forty-five minute drive can transport you back two hundred years.
As I piloted Debbie's XC90 up the endless turns and switchbacks of "Appalachian Trail Drive", I clicked the four buttons that would open all of the Volvo's windows, and reached up to open the sunroof.
We inhaled the musty odor of damp soil and humus, the occasional sweet fragrance of a wild rose, and the coffee-bean hint of a far distant skunk. The trees closed over us and we drove through a sun-dappled tunnel of maple, birch, and ash. As the road's elevation increased chestnuts and red oaks towered above us through the open roof, while last year's fall foliage decomposed into rich earthy mulch at their base.
"Makes me wonder why we live and work where we do, doesn't it?" asked Deb. "Wouldn't a cabin deep in these woods be just perfect?"
I reached for her hand and squeezed. "It's still one of our retirement options," I reminded her. "Remember the list we made?"
"Yes, but retirement is, what...a hundred years away?"
"Less than twenty," I corrected her. "And less than fifteen years if we're lucky."
We'd left home less than an hour ago, and we were both awestruck by the stark contrast between the pastoral forests of the Shenandoah region, and the urban sprawl that is northern Virginia.
Our not-quite-McMansion was in one of the nation's busiest business hubs. The picture-perfect planned neighborhood we called home was shoehorned into an area surrounded by countless government contractors and the hub of the military industrial complex. Two dozen Fortune-500 companies were headquartered within a few miles from us, and nine of the twenty highest-mean-income American cities are in suburban Washington.
The cost of living in our area is insane and the pace of life is frenetic—which had driven my wife and me to a long weekend of hiking along through the forests that line the Appalachian Trail.
"Seriously, though," she asked. "Could you live out here? It's so isolated!"
The big tires cracked fallen twigs, and indianagrass brushed the side mirrors as the road narrowed. "In a heartbeat," I answered.
We could hear woodpeckers hammering at dried bark, and as we rounded a sharp left-hand turn a deer flicked its white tail at us and scampered soundlessly into the bushes.
"Is isolation such a bad thing? Think about it...we could find a place that's completely private, which would suit our nudist lifestyle. As long there's some place with shops and restaurants within a fifteen-minute drive...what else would we need?"
"I don't know, Neil," she said as the roofline of the Blackburn Center came into view. "There's a lot to consider-"
"Let's discuss it after the hike."
We parked, hauled out our well-used backpacks and hiking poles and did a last-minute check. Cell phones off to preserve the batteries. Hiking boot laces tied tight and tucked out of the way. We made our way to the trailhead, passed the Blackburn shelter, and headed north along the Appalachian Trail.
The logistics of getting my car to the Washington Monument State Park in Maryland this morning had been complex and had cost us half day. It was getting late now, but that wouldn't be a problem. We planned to spend the night at the David Lesser shelter just short three miles north, and we would set off on a tough fifteen miles tomorrow. The sun sets well after 8:00 pm in late May, so we had plenty of time.
The state line for West Virginia was probably a few hundred yards to our left, and the winding Shenandoah River was less than two miles west. We'd planned this hike for a long time, and although we were less than an hour from home and work, we couldn't be further away.
Yes, I could live here.
When the path is narrow, I usually let Debbie hike ahead of me. She can set the pace, and of course, I get to enjoy the view of her heart-shaped butt and her athletic legs. But the trail was wide here and we walked side by side.
"You recognize this part of the trail?" I asked as we settled into an easy pace. "We've been here before."
"No way'" she gasped. "Is this...are we going to the same shelter?"
"Yep. Hard to think that it was more than two decades ago, but yes, this THE shelter."
"I don't suppose we'll have the same surprise as last time," she laughed.
* * * * *
It must have been twenty-four years ago. Debbie and I had been engaged for a few months, and our wedding was set for early the next year. At the time I had lofty plans of section-hiking the entire Appalachian Trail, and I'd brought my sexy young bride-to-be on a part of the trail that was new to me.
We'd slogged northward through fourteen very hot, tough miles. Debbie wasn't yet an experienced hiker. Her feet were killing her and all she wanted to do was pull her boots off and lie down. At last we approached the David Lesser Memorial shelter where we would camp for the night. I would give my fiancé a foot massage and apply new moleskin protection to her heels in the morning, before setting off for Harpers Ferry.
As we turned off the main trail it was obvious that we wouldn't be alone. A fire was smoldering in a pit and there were faint, unintelligible noises.
I gasped and grabbed Deb's arm. "Shhh!" I urged in a harsh whisper. "Stop!"
"What's wrong?" Her eyes darted around, looking for the bears or rattlers I'd advised her about before we left.
"Quiet. Come this way." We stepped off the trail and pushed our way through the thicket until the open front of the three-sided wooden cabin came into view.
"Get down," I urged her, and knelt quietly. I slipped my binoculars from my shoulder, dodged to get a clear view, spun the focus ring, and whispered "Bingo!"
"Dammit, Neil, what the hell-"
"Grab your binoculars. You'll see," I chuckled.
"Oh-my-God!"
"Shhh!"
I'd been right about the noises I'd heard. We'd almost stumbled into a hard-core love-in.
A young twenty-something guy was naked except for his hiking boots, and was balls-deep into a woman who was lying on what looked like an unrolled sleeping bag. A third, older guy leaned over her with his cock apparently half way down her throat.
We couldn't see the woman's face from this angle. She looked to be well padded, probably at least twenty years older than the stud who was now pumping into her with increased intensity, grunting loudly. Was the older guy her husband or boyfriend? She had one hand on her pussy, probably diddling her clit. The other hand stroked the cock that pushed its head against the inside of her cheek with a visible bulge.
"We can't do this, Neil. This is spying. It's wrong!"
"Shhh."
"Babe, we need to leave." Her binoculars were still glued to her eyes.
"And go where? We have no idea how long they'll be-"
"Okay."
I smiled. Deb's late mother had raised her in what amounted to a home-spun finishing school. The family had been wealthy and Deb's Mom would do anything to assimilate them into the upper levels of Washington, DC's society. She'd crafted her twin daughters' upbringing to give the impression that the family was from old-money. Emily Post manners, old-school values, the attitude of the untouchables.
"You're a peeping Tom," I teased.
"Shhh!"
The older guy yelled something unintelligible. He wrapped his fingers around the woman's hand and pumped vigorously. We heard a loud "Ugh!", and he jerked spasmodically. The woman slurped, took most of his cum in her mouth. He pulled his cock free and gave it three or four hard pumps, and a rope of semen crossed her breasts.
"Jeeezuz!" whispered Deb.
The woman played with the cum on her breasts, and in less than a minute, the younger guy's grunts stopped and he froze, then pulled back, and emitting a feral yell he thrust almost violently into her pussy.
He stood there for a few moments, then stroked deliberately in and out a few times, and slowly withdrew. His flaccid penis was soaked in cum and we could see the sperm leaking from her, down to her ass crack.
The woman pulled her feet almost up to her butt cheeks, spread her knees still further, and rubbed furiously at her clit. The older guy leaned over and sucked her right nipple and the younger guy had reached for a towel and was wiping his genitals down.
We could see the action clearly from our vantage point. As the cum leaked from her she dabbed it up with her fingers and used it as a lube over her clit. Two fingers of her left hand held her hood open, and the fingers of her right hand were a blur as she masturbated herself to orgasm.
I looked over at Deb. Her breaths were quick and shallow, and the sweat on her brow wasn't just from the hike. Her tired arms shook as she held the binoculars to her eyes.
"Having fun?" I whispered.
"Shhh!"
There was an unrestrained squeal, and I raised the glasses in time to see the woman pressing both hands to her vagina. Her back arched and her butt cheeks lifted several inches from the makeshift mattress.
She emitted another short yelp then collapsed, holding both hands protectively over her genitals. Her full breasts rose and fell as she panted.
"Time to get out of Dodge," I said. Deb and I backed quietly out of the undergrowth and headed back toward the white blazes of the main trail.
Some time ago, a tree had fallen across the path a few hundred yards to the south. The maintenance volunteers from PATC had sawed away a gap to allow unrestricted passage to hikers, but right now, the trunk to the west side provided a welcome bench. Deb and I sat, and as I handed her a water bottle, she gave me a strange look.
"What?" I asked.
"You called me a peeping Tom!" She accused.
"I don't think wild horses could have ripped those binoculars away from you."
"God...I know better than that." She shook her head slowly. "But damn, that was something to see!"
"So you enjoyed being a peeping Tom?"
She just looked at me, then she threw hear head back and laughed. The musical peals of her laughter broke the tension, and we relaxed and waited.
It must have been ten minutes later when the young guy stepped into view. Dressed in hiking shorts a T-shirt and shouldering a full pack of gear he came up the side path, turned north, and strode out of sight away from us.
After another three or four minutes the older couple came up the side path and headed south, toward us. We sat there quietly, just a pair of fellow hikers relaxing over a water. As they passed us, I nodded and gave a cursory "How ya doin'" greeting. They returned the greeting with a smile, strode past, rounded a curve and were gone.
"Well that's interesting," exclaimed Deb. "The guy goes up that way, and the couple comes down this way?"
The scene at the hut never left us.
In twenty-plus years of marriage, we often speculated, joked, and fantasized about it.
Was it a chance encounter of three random, horny hikers who had sex and then parted ways? My theory was that the older couple had been fucking, the younger guy walked in on them and they invited him to join the fun.
Or did they know each other? And—was the older couple married?
Deb thought they'd camped together at the shelter for a few days, and got to know each other in the biblical sense. Or maybe they'd planned to meet for a tryst and then went their own ways?
And the question that always intrigued Debbie and fueled her private fantasies when she masturbated: What would have happened if I hadn't heard the noises, and we'd barged in on the three-way?
In reality, we would have probably apologized and backed out as quickly as we could. But oh, the possibilities!
The David Lesser Memorial Shelter had occupied a mythical place in our intimate lives for over two decades.
* * * * *
Now, in a late May many years later, we'd be seeing the place for the first time since that strange experience.
Debbie and I had completed several dozen hikes in our married life. She preferred day hikes, and preferably not too strenuous. She was fit and strong and was a regular in the gym, but she didn't have the hardened trail experience I'd gained from regular strenuous sorties and from climbing mountains.
Our friends accused us of being health and fitness freaks.
This weekend's three-day excursion would be the toughest Deb had taken on in a few years, so I planned to go slowly and let her set the pace. But even at our casual gait, we were less than two miles in before we caught up with a group of four heavily laden hikers.
From the size of their packs they were obviously on a multi-day backpacking excursion, and I assumed they'd be heading for the same shelter we were. They looked like two couples, one in their twenties, and one perhaps in their late thirties.
"You guys also heading for the Lesser shelter?" I asked as we closed in on them.
"Yep. And I think we're almost there. You too?" The older woman asked. She was a trim five-foot-nothing brunette with over-sized breasts and an easy smile.
"We are," I answered. "We're just on a three-day walk. Lesser, then Garvey, then to our car at the monument. You look pretty loaded up. You through-hiking?"
"They are." She pointed her hiking pole at the younger couple. "My husband and I are section hiking, but we're doing it two weeks at a time."
There was the usual trail small-talk. How far along were they with their section hike? Did they have trail-names? How did they fare on the notoriously difficult "roller coaster" section of the trail, just south of Blackburn?
We arrived at the shelter fifteen minutes later. It was still essentially the same format that Deb and I had seen so long ago. A rustic three-sided cabin with a concrete floor and a wide deck overlooking the tent pads. But it had been rebuilt and had windows in the gables, and there was a separate shelter over a trestle table with benches.
Deb looked around, obviously remembering the strange three-way we'd seen here. Her gaze went out into the woods and I knew she was trying to identify the spot where we'd hidden and watched. I squeezed her hand, and whispered "what are you thinking about?"
She just smiled.
We formalized introductions. The older pair was Mac and Megan. She was olive skinned and elfin, and looked top-heavy with breasts that might have been surgically enhanced. She did most of the talking. He was a fireplug. Short, close-cropped blonde hair and ice-blue eyes, with the physique of a body builder.
"You former military, Mac?" I asked as we shook hands.
"Artillery. Were you also in?"
"Signals - but I was in the RAF."
"I thought I detected an accent." It's rare for people to pick that up. I'd left Scotland and arrived in the USA in my early twenties and worked hard at losing any traces of the British lilt from my speech. "I spent two years as a foreign liaison at the 3rd in Albermarle, in Northumberland, England," he explained.
The younger couple were physical therapists, who'd married soon after graduating a few years ago. Scott looked like the quintessential jock, tall with rangy legs and broad shoulders, and a square jaw with a cleft chin. I smiled as Debbie dragged out the introduction with small talk about his college (UNC) and where they lived (Raleigh, North Carolina). I estimated their age at mid- to late-twenties.
His wife Sarah was a tall, elegant redhead who'd enjoyed minor success as a basketball player before turning to physical therapy. She and Scott worked together, and had started their adventure at Springer Mountain in March. They'd met the older couple three days ago and planned to hike together to PenMar, the Pennsylvania / Maryland border on the Mason-Dixon line. Mac and Megan would end their hike there and head back home to New Jersey.
The overcast sky threatened rain, so we agreed that we'd all sleep in the shelter. Scott and I got a fire going. Someone had left an aluminum pot behind so Mac followed the signs and made the steep hike to the fresh water spring just a quarter of a mile away, scrubbed the pot clean, filled it, and brought it back to the shelter where he pumped the water through my filter and set it on a grid to boil.
The coffee he served would probably result in a health inspection if it had been served in a restaurant, but on the trail it tasted like heaven.
Dinner for Deb and me was a few protein bars, a few strips of beef jerky, and an apple each. As the sun went down, we joined the others at the trestle table and shared stories of the trail. Debbie produced a bag of cookies, which were appreciated, but it was the bottle of Kahlua coffee liqueur that made her the most popular hiker in camp.
The Kahlua was finished in less than an hour, and I didn't tell them I'd packed a second bottle. It's a heavy addition to any hiker's pack, but long experience had shown me that a decent liqueur is always appreciated, it always loosens conversation, and it's always worth the extra burden.
The conversation was lively and loud. The topics grew more bawdy. Megan was the life of the party with a quick wit and an easy laugh. She also seemed to be the most affected by the alcohol and any inhibitions were soon swept away as she told us that she and Mac were nudists, and kept us amused with stories of the reactions when she tells people about their lifestyle. Scott contributed tales of frat life. Streaking the sororities, strip poker games, and nude camping trips. Deb and I are nudists too, but we keep that to ourselves.
Deb nudged me and cast her eyes toward Scott and Sarah. It was impossible to be sure, but it seemed obvious to me that under cover of darkness, Scott's hand was wandering up Sarah's thigh under the table. I watched them from the corner of my eye as Megan entertained us with a story of her and Mac and half a dozen other Appalachian Trail hikers being caught by a park ranger while bathing nude in a river in South Carolina. Sarah gave a brief gasp, and Deb nudged me again. Megan paused at the end of her latest story.
"So tomorrow," Mac said, abruptly changing the subject. "I'd suggest we take off around seven o'clock." Sarah stood quickly, straightened her hiking shorts, and started clearing the remnants of her and Scott's dinner. The fire had died to a gentle glow but I was sure her face was flushed.
"Neil and Deborah, I hope you'll be hiking with us?"
"Yes, we were hoping you'd be cool with that," I answered.
The plans for the next day were quickly settled. Early start, lunch at Harpers Ferry after nine miles, a long rest after the stiff climb up to the Weverton Cliffs outlook, then the last few miles to the Ed Garvey shelter.
After cleaning up I laid out Deb's and my self-inflating sleeping pads side by side and we all retired around 10:00 pm. Six people sleeping side-by-side made things pretty cozy. Sarah shone her flashlight on Debbie and I as we squeezed into our double sleeping bag. "Dammit, Scotty," she exclaimed. "I want a sleeping bag like that!"
Megan sat up and shone another flashlight on us. "Me too! Mac, as soon as we get home, we're ordering one of those!"
"Why?" He asked. "We just bought these!"
Sarah answered for her. "One word, Mac. Nookie!"
There was a roar of laughter, a brief round of "good nights", and I heard snoring within minutes. Through the trees a new moon hovered close to the horizon and without flashlights, the darkness was almost complete.
There was a gentle rustle as Debbie and I quietly removed the PJ pants we'd brought. We always sleep nude. She turned her back to me and I spooned in behind her. My hard-on was nestled into her butt crack and up her back, and. I snaked my arm over her and cupped a breast, and gently massaged her nipple.
She raised her right knee and slipped her hand down. I couldn't see or even feel anything, but my mind's eye had a clear vision of her movements between her thighs.
I knew she was re-playing the vision of that three-way we'd witnessed in this hut so long ago. I wondered if she was imagining that she was a participant rather than a secret observer.
My wife and I have an open masturbation policy. We encourage each other to jack off, or "jill off" in Debbie's case, any time we like and as often as we like. I do it a lot more than she does and she jokes that I'm a chronic masturbator. But tonight it was her turn.
Our day-to-day sex lives were frankly quite boring except for one saving grace. For as long as we've been together we've had a tendency to do something crazy and out of character every few months. It's usually a spontaneous escapade, and often after a few drinks. We're pretty straight-laced, we're both business professionals, socially conservative, and our friends see us as the ultimate straight-arrow couple. They'd be shocked if they learned how many exciting and very sexy experiences we'd collected over the years.
Deb's open acceptance of sexual adventures came with her absolute trust that neither of us would do anything to harm our marriage. And that was just one of the reasons that after more than two decades I still loved her beyond anything else.
She tried to suppress her movements. She scooped the juices that flowed from her vulva and rubbed her clit quickly, quietly, moving only her fingers, keeping it as quiet and low key as possible.
Mac and Megan slept just inches away. Scott and Sarah were barely six feet away. The sleeping bag suppressed the wet, squelching sounds.
I could feel the tension in her shoulder and back muscles, felt the quick movements as she massaged her clit, sensed her breath coming faster as her climax approached. Pre-cum welled at the tip of my cock, escaped, and ran across her back.
Deb can be a screamer, but as her orgasm approached she bit her lower lip and held her breath, then suddenly froze. She shoved her butt hard against me, held her hand still, and I felt her body vibrate as the waves of her climax washed over her.
Then as if an electric circuit had been cut, she went limp. Her knee came down, her hand now trapped comfortably in place over her vagina, the muscles relaxed, and she let out a huge sigh.
I pushed my cock harder into her butt crack and kissed the back of her neck lightly.
"Oh, God, Deborah, that sounded nice!" It was Sarah's voice, from the other side of the hut. "Good night," she sighed, and there was a rustle as she turned over.
Deb turned to me and suppressed a giggle. I gave her a good night cuddle and kissed the back of her neck again. After five minutes I heard the deep breathing or the light snores of five tired, mildly inebriated hikers, and the woody timbre of a pair of great horned owls calling to each other from opposite sides of the camp.
* * * * *
There was a sharp nip to the early May morning. I was the first up and rebuilt the campfire and had coffee ready in time to watch the others groan and stretch and start climbing reluctantly out of their sleeping bags.
I was interested to see that both Mac and Megan were naked as they emerged from their sleeping bags. Mac's hairy, nude body was less than three feet from where Debbie sat, still in her sleeping bag, and I smiled as her eyes grew. Megan was trim, I guessed that her full breasts would rate at least a C-cup, and her pubis was shaved. Or perhaps she'd had the same laser treatment as Debbie. They reached for hiking clothes and fleece jackets and hid their nudity in less than a minute.
Coffee. A quick breakfast around the campfire. Very little conversation. Ten minutes to roll up the sleeping bags and pads and hoist our backpacks. A quick inspection to see that nothing had been left behind. Sand and water to douse the campfire. It was still chilly when we set off and it seemed that no one was fully awake yet. Perhaps I should have made the coffee stronger.
The western sky was a deep cobalt and careless dabs of a cosmic paintbrush had traced an arc of silver-white streaks of high-altitude cirrus. It warmed up quickly and a thick humidity was setting in, and there was almost no sound. Tufted titmice fluttered in the canopy above us, and half a dozen turkey buzzards circled silently over unseen carrion far to the north. A red-bellied woodpecker tapped its tattoo on a trunk ahead of us, and took off in a flurry as we approached.
I took the lead, followed by Debbie. We carried the lightest packs, and I tried to keep a moderate two-and-a-half mile per hour pace. Military-man Mac was behind Deb, then chatty Meg, now silent. The twenty-somethings, Scott and Sarah were on sweep.
The Appalachian Trail weaves across the border between Virginia and West Virginia. We passed a sign telling us that we were now in West Virginia, and Meg shattered the silence by breaking into song. The John Denver ballad "Country Roads" was written about this exact area.
She sang it badly but loudly and enthusiastically, and soon we all broke our morning silence and joined in the chorus. Looking around me I reflected that Denver was right. This place is almost heaven. The Shenandoah River, the Blue Ridge Mountains...the spiritual heart of West Virginia.
The trail was mostly downhill as we descended toward the Potomac River. But it wasn't easy. We crossed WV-Route-9 at Keyes Gap, and after half a mile the trail became very rocky and I was thankful that I'd insisted that Deb bring a pair of hiking poles. It's easy to twist an ankle here.
Megan's chatter continued as we picked our way across the rocks. She was a registered nurse who worked night shift in their local ER and had us laughing at the strange cases she'd seen. Women with hickeys that had become infected right next to the jugular vein. Men whose butt plugs had broken off and had to be surgically extracted. The woman giving her husband oral sex on the New Jersey Turnpike, when he lost concentration and ran headlong into a toll booth.
I was sure there must be countless other strange cases that didn't involve sex, but Megan didn't bother to describe them.
It was unseasonably hot for May and the sweat was running uncomfortable down my back.
We crossed the Shenandoah River on the US-340 bridge and climbed the ridge above the old town of Harpers Ferry at the confluence of the Shenandoah and the Potomac. It felt odd, but we followed blue blazes on telephone poles through the town center, to the Appalachian Trail Conservancy headquarters. We must have taken a dozen pictures outside the old stone building, but those photos at the ATC-HQ are a rite of passage to serious hikers.
Lunch at one of the town's diners was a pleasure, though it felt odd being in a crowded diner so soon after the isolation of the trail. After burgers and frozen custard and refilling our water bottles and Camelbak bladders we crossed the old rail bridge and picked up the tow path on the Maryland side of the Potomac.
The stretch along the towpath is scenic but boring, and we were thankful to cross Keep Tryst after three and a half miles, scramble under the US-340 bridge, and hit the switchbacks that would take us up a thousand feet to the overlook at the top of Weverton Cliffs.
Mac and Scott took point, followed by the ladies, and I was on sweep. The trail up that section is very steep and uneven, and although the view to the south is appealing, your attention needs to be focused on the path immediately ahead. That loose rock, the tree limbs felled in the storm last week, the sudden incline at each sharp turn—all conspire to hurt the unwary hiker.
We came to a particularly tricky switchback where the trail took a hairpin bend to the right. An uneven pile of rocks covered the first ten feet after the turn. Sarah had just rounded the bend and was already picking her way forward when I heard a loud squeal, and she went down with a thump.
"Oww, shit, shit!"She recovered herself, hobbled to a fallen log and cradled her foot.
The group crowded around her but Megan, the registered nurse, quickly took charge. I pulled an Ace bandage roll from my pack and worked with Megan to pull off Sarah's boot and sock, douse the foot in cold water, dry it, and apply the compression wrap. Debbie was kneeling beside me and held Sarah's leg up. Sarah's husband Scott kneeled behind her offering comfort and support. She leaned her head back against his chest and closed her eyes and gritted her teeth while Megan and I applied the wrap.
I moved Sarah's knee outward to give Megan room to work. I was supposed to be helping Megan apply the Ace wrap, but couldn't help admiring the shapely leg, the slim ankle in my hands, trim thigh that disappeared under loose-fitting hiking shorts and—I did a double-take.
Sara was hiking commando. No panties.
Her shorts hung a full eight or nine inches below the crotch, but now they flopped open and it was impossible to miss the slit of her vagina. Her inner labia peeked out invitingly, half hidden by short-trimmed peach colored fuzz.
It probably took less than a second for me to see, absorb the details, curb my reaction, and continue wrapping Sarah's ankle.
Had Debbie or Megan seen it as well? Not that I knew too much about the subject but I was surprised that any woman would hike without underwear. But her shorts were very loose and there probably wasn't much friction. I glanced up again, and that beautiful young pussy was still in full view.
I've always been a sucker for protruding inner lips, and I couldn't help thinking they would make a great mouthful. I wish she'd been shaved, though.
Megan clipped the end of the bandage, and as I trimmed the overlaps so there were no high spots, the image was seared in my mind. I knew my thoughts were inappropriate. My wife was right next to me. I was helping a nurse, apply first aid to an injury. The patient was in pain. But that crocodilian section of my brain stirred the blood and I tried unsuccessfully to suppress the hard-on that was swelling against my own hiking pants.
We helped Sarah stand, and before tying her bootlaces, we supported her while she took a few experimental steps.
"You guys are good!" She exclaimed. "It feels fine. I'll be okay as long as I take it easy."
We tied her laces carefully. Tight enough to provide lateral support, loose enough to avoid constriction against the sock and the bandage.
The pace was much slower now. Mac was on point again, then Sarah. Her husband Scott was immediately behind her, ready to offer support if she stumbled.
"Go ahead, guys, I'll catch up." It was Debbie. "I just need to fix my laces." I hung back with her as the others went ahead.
Megan slowed and looked at Debbie and me. "Did you see that?" She asked. "I couldn't keep my eyes off her!" She threw her head back and laughed, and strode out to catch up with Scott.
As Deb finished re-tying her laces, she asked "I suppose you also enjoyed the view?"
"Wonderful vista," I joked. "I could see all the way into the valley. Pity that the shrubbery blocked the deepest parts of the glen."
"God, you men are so damned primitive!" She cuffed me playfully as we stepped out to catch the others.
The view from the Weverton outlook is one of the best on the Mid-Atlantic section of the trail.
The Potomac River snakes in from one side, the Shenandoah from the other. The picturesque village of Harpers Ferry looks like a toy town, with the road approaching from the east, and the Blue Ridge Mountains to the west. A train came into view along the Washington/Chicago line and the muted rumble was hypnotically peaceful to the six of us perched high on that eyrie.
Scott was massaging Sarah's ankle. It was useful having physical therapists in the group.
Debbie and I shared a Gatorade and an oats-and-honey bar. I put my arms around her shoulders and we sat there soaking it in. No words were needed.
After half an hour Megan asked, "How's the ankle, Sarah?"
"It's hurting a bit more now, but I think I'll be okay."
"That's because we haven't been moving. I think it will loosen up as we walk. And the next camp isn't far."
"Two miles," I confirmed. "It's a bit rocky, so you might want to use your hiking poles for support."
"I'll massage it again when we get into camp," said Scott.
Her ankle held up well, but as I watched her cautious progress I couldn't clear my mind of the image of her soft ginger fuzz and that inviting young vagina.
We reached the Ed Garvey shelter about two hours before dusk. I set up Deb's and my self-inflating sleeping mats and laid out our double sleeping bag. The sun slanted into the open side of the shelter, and everyone collapsed for a nap.
By the time the sun went down I'd woken, started a fire and had coffee ready. Sarah's ankle had stiffened and she limped slightly, but I was sure she'd be okay in a day or two. A sprain like that hurts like hell at first but usually heals quickly.
Dinner at the trestle table was again a quick affair, but there were cheers all round when I pulled out a second bottle of Kahlua. Megan was back to her stories about risqué behavior landing people in the ER. It turned out that Mac and I are both frequent business travelers, and we traded the typical road warrior stories of being stuck in airports overnight, interminable delays on the tarmac, and rental car breakdowns.
The Kahlua had done its work and inhibitions fell away. In a déjà vu from last night, Deb nudged me and once again cast her eyes toward Scott and Sarah. Like last night, the couple was taking advantage of the dark, and under the table their hands were on or near one another's genitals. After another round of Kahlua, Scott and Sarah excused themselves. Sarah said she needed the privy and Scott would escort her in case she hurt her ankle again.
Chatty Megan carried most of the conversation while the rest of us polished off the liqueur.
Scott and Sarah came back to the table after twenty minutes.
"Oh no!" exclaimed Megan. You silly kids!
"What?" asked Scott.
"They just sneaked away for a quickie!"
"What?" Mac's head snapped around. Sarah blushed.
"For God's sake, you didn't need to do that!", Meg exclaimed. "We're all friends here, and we're all adults! If you want to have sex—just have sex! You don't need to hide it from us!"
"We weren't-" Sarah stammered.
"Honey," interrupted Megan. "You have grass in your hair and your T-shirt is inside out!"
"Busted!" laughed Scott.
"Oh shit," said Sarah with a broad smile. She stood, whipped her T-shirt off, turned it the right way around, and pulled it on again.
No bra. B-cup, I guessed.
"See?" asked Megan. "There's no need to be shy! I wish people could just be more open. Sex is as natural as eating or breathing. Why do we have to hide it?"
"Well, you've got my attention now!" Laughed Scott.
Megan laughed again. "I'm not suggesting anything by that. I guess it's just that until now, there's been no nookie on this trail!"
"Not true," said Sarah. "Last night, Neil and Deb were-"
"Not Neil," I corrected.
"Debbie!" yelled Megan. "Good for you, girl, I'm proud of you!"
The conversation wound down quickly. The alcohol, the long hike, the heat of the day and the warm night were making my eyelids heavy and I was ready to turn in.
The sleeping arrangement was the same as last night. Deb and I at one end, Scott and Sarah at the other, Mac and Meg in the middle. Tonight there was no shyness. Mac and Megan calmly stripped off in front of us all, climbed into their sleeping bags nude and turned off their flashlight.
The darkness was absolute.
As we settled in, I heard a lot of rustling from the middle. Mac whispered something to Megan, and she giggled in reply.
"Hey you two," said Sarah, and she did her best to mimic Megan: "For God's sake, we're all friends here, and we're all adults. If you want to have sex—just have sex! You don't need to hide it from us!"
Megan's easy laughter would be one of the enduring memories of this hike. "Mac's a bit tired and needs his beauty sleep. Maybe tomorrow." She laughed again. "Good night, everyone.
Hiking the Appalachian Trail has always been about getting back to basics. Just me, the trees, the soft sounds of the forest, and taking care of the most basic food and shelter needs. But on this trip the unexpected camaraderie had been half the pleasure, and the sexual tension was as thick as the humidity.
* * * * *
When we woke, Sarah's ankle was hurting, but I knew it would ease up as she started walking. Megan unwrapped the bandage and re-applied it. Scott massaged the ankle for a while, then Meg and I re-applied the compression wrap.
Courtesy of her seating position, there was no view down the valley this morning.
The original plan had been to hike sixteen miles to the Pine Knob shelter, but Debbie and I would peeling off around mile twelve, where I'd parked my car at the Washington Monument State Park.
Sarah's ankle caused a change in plans. Instead, we would hike nine miles to the Rocky Run shelter where they would spend the afternoon and night, and Deb and I would continue alone, completing the final three miles to my car.
The trail is fairly flat and open here and we moved at an easy stroll. It felt more like July than May. The heat and the thick humidity had us sweating openly.
"I hope we make it to the car!" Said Deb, pointing to the sky in the west as we crossed the Gathland State Park, with its strange monument for civil war correspondents. It was clear that the weather was about to change.
The trail took us up a gentle rise, then down the thousand-foot, one and a half miles from the peak at Lamb's Knoll. Sarah struggled on this section, but her reward was arriving at the Rocky Run shelter soon after our descent.
There are two shelters here. The original was built in the 1940s and sleeps six, with a raised concrete floor in a three-sided log cabin. The new one isn't luxurious but it's beautifully built and features a raised wood floor, a loft, and a covered deck.
The cloud cover looked increasingly threatening, so Debbie and I wolfed down a quick lunch, then hoisted our packs and bade farewell to our companions.
It was a long, heartfelt goodbye. We'd become good friends in our two short days together. We'd miss Mac's friendly disposition, Megan's chit-chat and her easy laugh, and Scott and Sarah's good looks and youthful enthusiasm.
We were anxious to beat the weather, and I persuaded Debbie to take the lead and to set the quickest pace that would be comfortable for her. Three miles. We could do it in an hour if we maintained a brisk pace. But I doubted the weather would hold that long.
We were fifteen minutes from Rocky Run when there was a flash of lightning just ahead of Deb, followed immediately by a deafening peal of thunder. The sudden rainfall was so intense it felt like someone was emptying a giant bucket over us.
The path turned into a river within minutes, and we had to walk along the raised edge just to keep our feet relatively dry. I kicked myself mentally. When we were packing for the trip, I decided to keep our backpacks as light as possible and left our rain gear at home. A stupid, amateurish mistake that I would not make again.
After less than ten minutes I caught Deb's arm. We huddled together and I said "Let's go back. In this muck, it's going to take over an hour to get to the car. The shelter is just twenty minutes that way," I pointed south.
She nodded, and without another word, we went back. The wind whipped up now, and along with the torrential rainfall, it sounded like a freight train was rushing unseen through the forest. We slopped through puddles, we bent our heads against the rain, and our hiking poles sank into the mud as we tried to maintain balance on the uneven path.
It was miserable.
I'd trekked through worse weather but Debbie had always been a fair weather hiker, and I knew she wasn't happy. The only consolation was that it was still hot and there was no chill to the rain.
It took a full half hour to trudge back to the relative safety of Rocky Run, and the wooden sign tacked to a tree was a welcome relief.
We turned right to approach the shelter, and I stopped abruptly, causing Debbie to crash into me.
"What-"
"Shhh!"
It was like a flashback to twenty-four years ago. The two couples were naked on the floor of the cabin. Mac and Megan were in a missionary position, and his muscular body was pumping away vigorously. Megan was on her knees just a few feet away, and Scott had taken her from behind.
There was another thunderclap and the rainfall was relentless.
Deb looked at me, the question in her eyes. Move on or go back?
"Fuck it, I'm not staying out here in this weather," I said. I took her arm and we quickly closed the last hundred feet or so to the hut.
We clumped onto the deck. Sarah was the first to see us and squealed.
Megan looked up and said "Oh, shit! Mac, stop-"
"Sorry, guys, the rain was just too much." I dumped my backpack onto the floor of the covered deck.
"Mac, get off!" panted Megan.
"No," I said firmly. "Megan, we're all friends here, and we're all adults! If you want to have sex—just have sex! You don't need to hide it from us!"
There was that laugh again. Mac had paused but didn't get off Megan.
"Seriously, guys, please don't stop. We just need to get out of these wet clothes-" I paused. This might get interesting.
I helped Debbie get her backpack off, then unbuttoned her hiking shirt and pulled it away. Her bra came off next, then her hiking shorts and finally her panties. I reached into my pack. Old hiker's trick: You always carry one spare set of clothes and a dry towel, sealed in a plastic shopping bag. At times like this, it might be the only dry fabric available. It was warm, though Debbie shivered as I toweled her down.
I stripped off, took the towel from Deb, and dried myself as much as possible. We stood naked on the shack's covered balcony, just out of the immediate downpour, and the scene before us was magnificent.
Mac had his arms straight and was pumping slowly into Megan. His cock was clearly visible, her swollen pussy lips clinging to it as he pulled out. He plunged back into her, ground his hairy body against her shaven mons and we could see his heavy balls caressing his wife's ass. Meg had her arms outstretched, fingers clasped behind Mac's neck, and stared into his eyes. She gasped slightly as he plowed into her again.
Sarah was still on her knees with Scott kneeling behind her, his hands on her butt cheeks, thrusting in and out of her at high speed and causing her small tits to jiggle.
I put my arm around Deb's shoulder, and we just stood there, watching as the rain hammered loudly against the steel roof.
The rhythm had been established. Mac moved in and out of his wife with deep, deliberate strokes. Scott and Sarah's youthful energy was evident from their unyielding, fast thrusting action.
Deb had her left hand on her right nipple, and her right hand had snaked down to her clit. I don't think she knew she was doing it. My cock stood proud before me and nestled against Deb's waist as we watched.
Meg took her hands away from Mac's neck and wrapped her fingers around his cock. God, I thought, I know how that feels. Surely he couldn't be far from orgasm.
Then, as if we couldn't be more surprised, Sarah suddenly called out. "Mac, Meg, is it time?"
Deb looked at me, and I shrugged.
"I'm up for it if you are," answered Mac.
Scott pulled back from his wife, extracting his long, hard penis, and Deb gasped as she saw his eight or more inches dripping with his wife's juices. Sarah turned around and lay back on the sleeping bag she was using as a mattress, naked except for the Ace wrap on her foot, and covered her pussy with both hands. She pushed her fingers between the lips and pawed aggressively at her vulva.
Mac kneeled up, also extricating himself from Megan, and looked across at Sarah with a smile.
It took about ten seconds for the guys to change places.
Scott approached Megan cautiously and rubbed the head of his cock against the older woman's shaved pussy. "Do it, Scott, don't be shy," commanded Meg. "Put that thing into me!"
I whispered to Deb, barely audible above the clatter of the rain, "There must have been a really interesting conversation after we left!"
Scott leaned forward and took his weight on his elbows, trapping Meg's full tits against his chest. He raised his butt, then slowly pushed downward until it seemed he would have Megan nailed to the wooden floor beneath them.
Deb's eyes were on Scott's trim, muscular rump. My eyes were on Deb, who was now openly massaging her clit.
Mac took Sarah in the same way he had with his wife. He leaned over her with straightened arms so her tits were exposed. We had a clear view as his short, thick penis, still dripping with Megan's juices, parted Sarah's pussy lips and spread them wide as he slid into her. She had room to move her hand to her pussy and clamp Mac's cock between two fingers as he moved in and out of her. Her other hand massaged her breasts, alternating between the left and the right. Her nipples were tiny, the small areola were a delicate pink surrounded by a gentle sprinkle of freckles.
Standing watching, Debbie moved her hand from her own nipple and took my hard-on in her hand, and began to stroke it, gently, absently. Her other hand was still on her clit.
"Oh, fuuuuck!" It was Sarah. She was rubbing her clit furiously now. Mac still plunged into her, but Sarah bucked under him in the throes of her climax. "Jesus!" she yelled, with complete abandon. There was no one else out here to hear her. She squealed, then collapsed, panting, her fingers still working her pussy.
Mac pulled his cock out of her and pumped it hard and fast for maybe ten seconds, and a stream of cum landed on Sarah's breasts. A second ejaculation landed on her belly, and a third on her mons, right above her clit, mixing in with the strawberry-blonde curls of her pubic hairs.
"Jesus, Mac, that's nice!" She rubbed her hands across her belly and her tits, spreading the cum liberally across herself. Mac smiled, kneeled back, and looked across at his wife.
Scott was still slamming hard and fast into Meg, and the slurp-slurp of their combined juices were audible over the rain and the wind. Meg was the next to climax. She shook uncontrollably under Scott with a soft "oh, oh, oh!" escaping as she struggled for breath.
She recovered quickly, though, and put her hands on Scott's shoulders and pushed him back. Confused, Scott kneeled up, and Megan flipped over and took his cock into her mouth.
Scott's head fell back and his eyes rolled in ecstasy. Megan obviously knew what she was doing. She had his knob in her mouth and we could see her tongue swirling, while her hand pumped the base of his shaft.
Sarah in the meantime came up behind Scott, put her arms around him, and teased his nipples.
The older woman sucking his cock while his wife caressed him from behind was too much for Scott. "Meg, I'm...I'm-"
Meg nodded, stopped the swirling motion, and her cheeks hollowed as she started sucking.
"Ooaagghh!!" It was a loud, primitive yell, and Meg's cheeks changed shape as she was filled with Scott's cum. She swallowed, then slurped, and licked his shaft as tendrils of his ejaculate ran downward toward his balls.
"Jesus, Meg, that was...that was...that was something..." panted Scott.
There was silence for a few moments, then I let out a deep breath, and said "Wow!"
Megan's immediate laughter broke the tension.
The four of them shuffled around, leaning back against the wooden walls. Mac stroked his wet cock slowly. Sarah stroked herself gently while Scott rubbed her thigh.
"Okay, no-fair!" exclaimed Megan. "Neil, Debbie, it's your turn!"
Deb and I had tried swinging about four years before. We had some incredible experiences and loved it, but loosely-related circumstances caused it to end badly and we'd decided that we would remain monogamous. (See my story "Swinging Twins".)
"Come on, Neil, show the lady a good time!"
"Yeah, come on, Neil! We can see that you're both ready!" yelled Sarah, pointing at my undisguised hard-on. "God, look at you - you're ready to go!" She indicated a glob of pre-cum hanging from the tip of my knob.
Deb had an apprehensive look in her eyes. "Just me and you, hon," I assured her. "Why not?" She gave me a nervous smile.
"Yeah - good for you, sweetie!" yelled Megan. "Come on guys, make space..."
I quickly took my sleeping pad from my backpack and unrolled it. Deb was apprehensive, but quickly took her place on the pad, sitting Indian-style.
I kneeled before her, wrapped my arms around her neck, and whispered again: "Just you and me." She nodded, and lay back. In the short time we'd been part of the swinging lifestyle she had been cautious in the beginning, but her enthusiasm quickly overtook mine. But after that experience, we'd agreed that "playing with others" would no longer be part of our lives.
Deb lay back and I leaned forward, hovering over her. She was looking up at me, and I held her gaze as I took my hard-on in my hand and guided it to the softness of her slit. I rubbed gently up and down and mixed my pre-cum with her the juices of her excitement. It only took three of four strokes before my knob was slick and with our combined wetness.
She mouthed "I love you".
I pushed my cock firmly against her clit, felt the little nub against the tip, and watched as she winced slightly.
"Love you too, honey."
Then I pushed my shaft lengthwise into her slit, the tip exposed over her mons, and the back of my cock almost encased as her pussy lips closed over me. I stroked up and down several times, rubbing the length of my tool up her clit, then down again, then up. I paused as the base of my cock pressured her clit and my balls rested against her opening, then slid downward again, and with a quick thrust, pushed the crown into her...and held it there for a few seconds.
"Neil, you're teasing her!" It was Megan. I'd almost forgotten about our four hiking companions in various states of post-coital relaxation.
Deb giggled. "She's right, babe. Come on-just fuck me!" How could I deny such a clear request? The only time Debbie uses profanities is when we're in the bedroom. I pulled out so only the tip was in contact with her inner labia, then pushed in about two inches, spreading our natural lubrication. Then out, and in an inch further.
Deb was breathing hard by the time I bottomed out, and she moved her knees apart as far as possible, but I could see she was straining.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"My legs are sore," she said. "Don't worry, I'll be okay."
"Guys!" It was Megan again. "The lady is uncomfortable. We need you be gentlemen, and help her!"
Scott shuffled over to us on the right, and Mac came in from the left.
"That's it," encouraged Med. "Hold her legs!"
Scott and Mac each held one of Debbie's legs aloft so her toes pointed to the stormy sky, and spread them wide.
I held my body away from Deb, leaving a gap between us, and watched her tits move with a life of their own as I pumped slowly in and out of her.
With her thighs spread so wide open and our upper bodies separated, I had unrestricted movement and had a wonderful view of my tool plunging into her. I watched her pussy lips clinging to my shaft as I withdrew, saw my dripping cock exposed, then enjoyed seeing her lips suck inward as I pushed back into her.
Mac was massaging Deb's thigh as he held her leg up, and he and Scott had an even better close-up view than I did.
Taking advantage of the gap between our bodies, Debbie moved her hands to her pussy and used one hand to pull her hood aside while the other rubbed circles around her tiny, sensitive clit. Her upper arms cradled her breasts and pushed the nipples up so they pointed skyward, long and hard and rosy-pink.
"Oh Christ, that's hot," said Scott under his breath.
I looked around briefly. Sarah leaned against the wall of the shelter, her legs stretched out, feet wide apart, and her hand firmly planted against her vulva. There were still traces of Mac's cum on her chest and belly. Meg was on her knees beside us, and as I watched she pinched Deb's nipple between two fingers, then massaged her areola. Scott and Mac were still holding her legs up, their eyes glued to the where my cock plunged deep into Deb's wet pussy, and where her fingers now flew across her clit.
I caught her eyes again, and she smiled. "You okay?" I asked softly.
"Ohhh yes! Come for me, honey. Come. Come, Neil, just come."
I stroked in and out, in and out, the tight tunnel massaged my glans and the folds cloyed wetly to my shaft.
"Come, babe. Come for me. Come!" She repeated.
Megan picked up Deb's mantra, and said "Come!" As I stroked inward, she repeated, "come!." I pulled out, thrust in again, and she said it again "come!"
Soon the others joined in with Meg, and on each inward lunge I heard the four of them: "Come, come, come!"
I knew I wouldn't last much longer but the chant continued, and each time I drove my cock into my wife all four of them repeated: "COME!" I withdrew and pushed in again, and they yelled in unison "COME!" Out, in, and "COME!"
"No pressure," I thought!
Rain still hammered against the steel roof and the wind chilled my back where the sweat ran down in trails. Mac's hand was still rubbing Deb's outer thigh, and as I watched he moved his fingers around the bottom of her raised leg and rubbed that delicate spot between her vagina and the rosebud of her ass. My balls smacked against his fingers as I plunged inward.
I thrust into Deb. "Come!" I pulled out, pushed back in again, and the four of them yelled: "Come!"
The pressure at the base of my cock was building, and I felt the familiar thrill along the length of my shaft. I pushed harder and faster, and the group's chants sped up to match the pace. "COME...COME...COME, COME, COME!"
One more powerful shove and I was as deep into my wife as nature would allow, and I yelled "Hoooaaahh!" I froze, and felt the sperm rush up the base of my cock, and pour deep into Debbie.
"Yeah!" yelled Megan. "Suddenly the four of them were cheering as if I'd scored a touchdown. Sarah clapped enthusiastically. I gave Deb a few more spasmodic thrusts as I drained myself into her and felt my erection soften.
Scott held his hand up for a high-five. "Great performance, Neil," joked Meg.
I was exhausted and extracted my tool from my wife's vagina. The cum pooled and ran from her, slow and thick.
I leaned over and kissed Deb, deep and long, our tongues moving slowly together.
"Okay, you love birds, this isn't over!" Yelled Megan. "Neil, we enjoyed watching you get your rocks off, but Debbie hasn't come yet!"
We didn't break our kiss. Deb giggled, and my tongue explored her mouth, rubbed her teeth, licked the insides of her cheeks, and danced again with her tongue.
"Yeah, Deborah, you still need to come!" called Sarah.
Deb and I broke the kiss. She looked around and asked. "What do you want me to do?"
"Masturbate!" called Sarah!
"Yeah, we want to see you rub one out," countered Meg.
I had an idea, and knew it was guaranteed to bring Deb to climax in no time at all. "Hold on, ladies," I said in a firm voice. There's something that we almost never do, but I know it will drive Debbie crazy.
She looked at me with a curious expression. I smiled at her, winked, and said quietly: "Have fun."
I shuffled back a few feet, then lowered my face to Debbie's cunt and gave it a long, loving lick, from just above her rosebud all the way up to her clit, scooping up cum as I went. Then I raised my head and let the cum drip from my tongue, back onto her clit.
"Jesus," gasped Sarah, and moved in for a closer look. "Holy Christ, he's licking his cum off her!" She looked up. "Scott, I want that! You have to do that to me sometime!"
"Wait!" instructed Megan.
She shifted herself around and sat cross-legged, lifted Deb's head and cradled it in her lap. Sarah moved in, and lying prone on the sleeping bags, closed her mouth over Deb's left breast and gently played her tongue in circles around Debbie's nipple.
I licked the outer edges of Deb's pussy lips, run my tongue up the depths of her slit, and lapped and swallowed the cum that leaked from her.
With Deb's head nestled in her lap, Meg leaned over and offered a breast. Deb took Megan's full breast in two hands, closed her mouth over it and her cheeks hollowed as she sucked.
I came up for air and took a few seconds to look around. I focused on the details. I wanted to remember this for a long time.
My wife's head was in Megan's lap and she was sucking Meg's breast. Sarah had her mouth over Deb's tit and made suckling sounds as she played. I had a butt cheek in each hand and was sucking Debbie's clit, lapping up my own cum. Mac and Scott still held Deb's legs up and wide open, and Mac's hand was roaming over Deb's mons, moving his thumb toward her clit.
I could taste the slightly salty flavor of my sperm. I could taste the rainwater that had soaked us earlier. I could taste the slightly salty perspiration from our hasty hike back to the shelter. I could smell her leaking juices. I could feel the heat radiating from her, spreading over my cheeks. I could see her fingers flying across her clit, red and engorged. I could feel Mac's fingers trying to get into the mix somewhere, anywhere, now massaging the inside of her thigh.
I held her butt cheeks in my hands and spread her pussy open with my thumbs and inserted my tongue as deep into her tunnel as I could, withdrew more sperm, then spread it around her and licked it up again. I could hear the rain easing up on the roof, heard Sarah sucking and slurping at Deb's left breast.
And I could hear Debbie breathing faster, felt the intensity increase as she jilled-off, felt her butt cheeks clench.
It was time. She was on the verge. I slipped a thumb deep into her cunt, moved it around to pick up as much cum and pussy juice as I could, then withdrew it and inserted it firmly into her ass.
Her reaction was immediate. As the howl of the wind eased and the storm slowly abated, the climax built in Debbie and flooded over her like a tsunami.
She wailed loudly and her hips bucked up and down and I could hardly keep my tongue on her. I kept my thumb in her ass and watched as her head rocked from side to side on Megan's lap, her face covered by Meg's pendulous tits.
Debbie isn't a squirter but her juices were flowing freely now and I lapped them up as they ran from her.
Then, as she always does, Deb collapsed and for a moment she was as limp as a ragdoll while she caught her breath.
"God damn, sweetie, that was beautiful," said Megan. Deb laughed breathlessly.
I rocked back and stood, and Mac and Scott released her legs. Mac found the towel I'd used earlier and passed it to Deb, who sat up and used it to wipe herself down.
* * * * *
The rain had stopped now, and Deb and I were dressed in dry clothes. I hoisted my backpack and prepared to leave. Our second round of farewells was more poignant than the first, but we finally left the Rocky Run shelter and headed north for my car.
As we hiked northward we pulled on hats to fend off the worst of the fat rain drops that fell from the canopy, we slogged through muddy puddles and swished past wet vines and made it back to my car after a slow and tiring ninety minutes.
The drive back to the Blackburn shelter took almost two hours down wet country roads and I had to wake Debbie when we got back to her car so we could drive home in a two-car convoy.
The first thing we did when arriving home was to jump in the shower. We both got online afterward and sent messages to our respective employers that we'd 'come down with something' over the weekend and would not be coming to work on Monday.
Ignoring the backpacks dripping in the hallway, we climbed into bed. I was already hard and Deb was already wet with anticipation. She lay back and I positioned myself between her legs, ready to enter her.
"I need someone to hold my legs up," she chuckled. "By the way, Neil-"
"Yeah?"
"Did you get contact details for Meg and Mac, or Scotty and Sarah? Phone numbers, email addresses?"
"No, didn't you?"
"No. I don't even know their last names."
"Probably just as well," I mused as I entered her.
* * * * *
AUTHOR'S NOTE:
Debbie and I would very much appreciate your rating. A positive rating, we hope.
Feel free to leave comments as well.