I'd had an argument with the guy I was seeing, while we were out on a date. We weren't far from Dan's place, and I decided I wanted to talk to Dan about it, so I told Dave to take me there. He could wait in the parking lot while we talked.
I went up the stairs to his door and knocked on it. He didn't seem to be in the best of moods. I tried to tell him what was going on, but he just said "give me your shoes."
I asked why, and he started to close the door.
"Wait, wait," I said, stopping him closing the door.
I gave him my sneakers and he said "Wait there," and closed the fucking door anyway!
He opened the door again and said "socks."
"What's this about?" I asked. And he went to close the door again.
"Wait," I said, "can I have my shoes back?"
He said "no," and closed the door.
I took my socks off and knocked again. He took them and closed the door again!
He opened the door again and said "shirt."
I asked if I could just come in, and he asked if I was going to fight him every time.
"Fine," I said, looking around to see if anybody was watching, and took my coat and shirt off. I gave him the shirt and put my coat back on. He closed the door again!
He opened the door and I asked if I could come in now. He said no, and I asked for my clothes back, and he said no again. I had to get my stuff back, or try and explain what had gone on to Dave.
He asked for my bra, and I checked to see if there was anybody behind me or anything, and said no. He closed the door again!
I knocked on the door and asked if we had to do this, and he said yes.
I pulled my bra straps down my arms and unhooked it, and gave it to him. I pulled my coat tight around me, but to be honest standing here was starting to turn me on.
"Happy now?" I asked, and he sad he was and closed the door on me. I had to do whatever it took to get my clothes back now.
When he opened the door again, he asked for my jeans. I said I wasn't going to completely strip off in his entrance way, and he just stood there, waiting. I looked around to make sure nobody else was there, then took my jeans off and gave them to him. He took them and closed the door again.
When the door opened again, I looked at him, hoping he was going to let me in, but he asked for my panties. And then he just waited. Fine, I thought, and took them off and gave them to him. I asked if I could come in, and he said no and closed the door again. I stood out there in just my coat, and felt a shiver of anticipation running down my spine. I wanted to be away from this, but I also wanted to see what was going to happen next.
"Can I come in now?" I asked when he opened the door.
He told me to undo my coat. I told him I didn't want to be naked, and he just told me to undo my coat.
I had to get in there, so I steeled myself and undid it. He opened it up and just stared at me for a second, then told me to hold it there while he played with my tits. It was like an electric shock went through me, I was scared, but sooo turned on right now.
He told me to hold my coat open wider, then kissed my nipples!
Then he let me in. As soon as the door was closed, he took my coat and hung it up, then I followed him in to the living room.
The curtains were open, and I didn't want anybody seeing in, but he didn't seem to care and went and sat on the sofa. I couldn't see anybody looking in, and my clothes were there, in a neat pile.
I thought I could probably have a little fun, so I went and sat on his lap.
"It seems unfair that I'm naked, and you're fully clothed," I said.
He took his shoes off!
I told him that's not what I meant and knelt down on the floor and started unbuttoning his jeans.
He asked if I was bothered about Dave, but I wasn't - I wanted his cock, as all this teasing was getting to me.
I managed to get his jeans and underwear down, and started playing with his cock. I licked up and down the shaft, and around the head, then started sucking it properly. I'd been at it like a minute when there was a knock on the door.
"Go and see who that is," he said.
I stopped sucking and said "Seriously?" and he said he wasn't expecting anybody.
I told Dan it was Dave, and he asked if I wanted to invite him in. When I said no, he said to go and tell him I was busy. I started to get my clothes, but he said no, I was to go naked, like I was, and said he'd go and tell him I was sucking his cock if I'd prefer.
Fine. I went to the door again and opened it a crack. I told him we were in the middle of something, and to go and wait for me. He asked how long I was going to be, and I said "15 minutes," and that got rid of him.
Dan was standing behind me, and I told him we had 15 minutes, and we went back to the sofa. He'd pulled his jeans up, so I had to pull them down again. While I was at it, I pulled his T-shirt up and his underwear down, then pushed him back onto the sofa and climbed on - the time for foreplay was past. I pushed my tits into his face, as he always likes to suck on them, and started rubbing his cock against my pussy to get it nice and wet. When he was ready, I pushed him inside me. God, it felt good, after all the run up to it, and he was playing with my tits. It didn't take long before I came.
I climbed off him, and was going to clean up before going down on him. I asked for a washcloth, but he told me to use my shirt. Fuck that - I used his shirt.
He told me it had been 5 minutes, so I started sucking his cock again. I was really getting in to it when he came, and caught me by surprise - I coughed and struggled to swallow it all down.
I started to get dressed again, and asked if I could use his toothbrush so Dave wouldn't smell cum on my breath, but he said I could kiss Dave tasting of his cum, which was lovely. He was getting dressed too by now, and I looked at the clock to see it had probably been closer to 25 minutes! I grabbed my coat and ran for the door, letting it slam on my way down the stairs.
Luckily Dave was still waiting for me. I told him I was feeling much better after talking to Dan, and to take me home. He had some mints in the car, so I sucked one of those before giving him a good night kiss and heading up to bed by myself.