I looked at Jim and thought about his curvy brunette wife, naked in their marriage bed, flat on her back, legs spread wide, waiting for me to crawl between them and fuck her. Her husband would be busy at work, busting his butt making a few dollars overtime, doing the warehouse job I was getting ready to assign him. While he was steering a forklift, moving pallets of goods, I'd be driving my cock into his pretty wife's pussy, using her for my pleasure. Not that Vicki minds being used. The bitch loves it. She's willing to do anything sexual, no matter how nasty.
Jim has no idea the faithful, loving wife of his mind is a lying, cheating slut in reality. Like a lot of men, he puts his wife up on a pedestal. Guys like me meet women like her down in the gutter when she isn't playing the role of being virtuous.
I've been fucking Vicki for over a year now. The first time was at the company Christmas party. We had one of those spur of the moment exchanges of looks conveying lust. Her husband Jim was passed out drunk somewhere, and within minutes of getting together, we were in a darkened empty office groping each other like mad while undoing our clothes amid tight embraces and hot passionate kisses.
Unbuttoning her blouse to the navel, I fanned it open and pushed Vicki's black lacy bra up and over her big breasts. Dipping my face down, I mouthed a nipple while she cradled the back of my head with one hand, moaning and urging me to fuck her. I backed her up against a desk, toppling her on top of it. Reaching under the disarray of her skirt, with Vicki's help, I jerked her black bikini panties down and off. The crotch was damp from pussy juice.
Her thighs fell open automatically, exposing her moist hairy pussy to my view, ready and waiting to be fucked. I unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants, and shoved them along with my underwear down past my butt, freeing my stiff cock. Scooting her soft butt to the edge of the desk, Vicki lay back, legs still dangling wide open, making herself available for use. I shuffled forward until my cockhead was brushing her pubic hair. Grasping my thick, hard shaft with one hand, she inserted the tip of my cockhead it into her hot hole. With the flex of my hips, I was fucking my warehouse foreman's wife. She was that easy.
Neither of us lasted long that first time. Within minutes, Vicki's sexy body had gone tense, hands clutching my buttocks to pull me tight inside her as she climaxed. I was quick to follow, spurting jet after jet of hot cum into her wet pussy, making it sloppy wet with my semen.
Spent, I noticed two men standing at the open doorway, watching with interest. One was Lee, an older black guy; and the other was Kenny, a young white man with body builder's muscles. Both men worked in the warehouse. Obviously, they knew me and recognized Vicki as the pretty wife of their immediate supervisor.
At the moment, I could care less what they witnessed; I just hoped they didn't blab to Jim about catching me fucking his hot wife. If they did, I'd play it by ear and deal with it. I figured Vicki felt the same.
Whatever the future brought, it didn't matter right now. Not to her, nor me. All that counted was fucking each other. Vicki was already starting to roll her ass, working her slippery pussy on my cock. After dumping my load inside Vicki, I'd only deflated slightly, staying hard enough to begin fucking her again.
"Oh, yeah, baby, you feel good," I said, working my hips faster to the sound of my hardening cock sluicing in and out of her wet pussy.
"Hmm, fuck me," she breathed, her body writhing on the desk top. I pushed my cock deep to the balls inside Vicki, grinding my pelvis into her twitching crotch while leaning over her to eagerly swap a hot passionate kiss.
"Do him, you cheating bitch," a voice spoke out next to me. It was Lee. He'd moved alongside the desk to watch me fucking Jim's wife. Behind him stood Kenny, eyes glued to the action, one hand rubbing a bulge in the front of his pants.
Startled by Lee's words, I straightened and hesitated, almost coming to a stop in fucking Vicki. She groaned in protest, overpowered by lust, begging me to fuck her roughly.
"Go ahead, man," Lee said. "Fuck the married slut like she wants. Give her another creampie." Cum was oozing out from Vicki's cunt past my thrusting cock. Lee reached down and squeezed one of Vicki's large bare breasts, his black fingers digging into the white skin in stark contrast. She didn't resist Lee's touch. Her response was just to moan. "You love to fuck, don't you, bitch," he said, his comment more a statement than question. "You spread easy for any hard dick."
Removing his hand, Lee slapped Vicki's tit, making the fleshy orb jiggle from impact as he stepped back. "We don't intend to interrupt your fun," he said to me. "We're leaving and we'll shut the door behind us on the way out. Plus, don't worry about us telling her husband."
"But, we need to talk later, working out arrangements," he added, still speaking to me rather than Vicki, as if I was in control of her. "I've wanted to fuck this slut for a long time. She's made me rock hard more than once, coming down the warehouse to visit hubby during summer. Teasing everybody, wearing tight shorts and flimsy halter tops to flash those big tits and show off that fine ass."
He jerked a thumb back at Kenny. "My man feels the same way."
I could understand both men's erotic thoughts. I'd fantasized about getting nasty with Vicki, too. I was also aware of doing a poor job multi-tasking, if that's what you wanted to call it; fucking Vicki and talking with Lee at the same time. Neither was getting the right amount of my attention. "Don't tell me. I'm not married to Vicki. I can't speak for her. And I wouldn't if she was my wife."
"Fair enough," Lee said, glancing down at Vicki squirming in desire on my stiff dick stuck inside her curvy body. "Kenny and I intend to use you how we want, slut. If you say no, we'll chat with your husband. I don't expect that conversation to go well." He gave me a sharp look, checking my reaction. I didn't offer any, concentrating on fucking Vicki. She was beginning to rotate her hips now, riding my cock in slick wet circles with her juicy cum-filled pussy.
"But, it's up to you, bitch," Lee finished with a shrug of unconcern. From his facial expression, however, it was apparent he was looking forward to taking my place between Vicki's soft thighs. I could care less. Lee, Kenny, or anybody else, could fuck her if she let them. Vicki was just a piece of ass, not my woman. She was Jim's wife and his worry.
Lee and Kenny simply walked away. Going through the doorway, Lee lied about shutting the door. He left it ajar.
I didn't let it bother me. If someone else came to the door, so be it. I sank back into the pleasure of using Vicki's hot craving body. Raising her shapely legs on top of my shoulders, she was moaning and babbling, hands pulling at me as I humped her hard and fast, my dick gliding easily within her gooey pussy. Vicki stiffened with a grunt and her sloppy gash suddenly felt swampy wet, drenched with steamy fluid gushing from a body-shuddering orgasm.
"That's it, baby. Coat that cock with pussy juice," I urged, jamming my dick deep in Vicki's hot cunt until my balls were lolling against her upturned ass. My cockhead spit cum. Both of us held still, enjoying the sensation of my throbbing cock spewing semen into her waiting, willing pussy.
As the last weak squirt of cum dribbled out from my cockhead, Vicki began gently rolling her butt, milking my shrinking cock. "You want all that cum, baby?" I asked before feeling my cock slither from her oozing pussy, pushed out by spasms of her clenching vagina. Vicki's pussy was literally a fucking mess. I idly wondered if she was on birth control pills.
I stood erect, arranging my clothes. Bending down, I picked up Vicki's bikini panties. She held out a hand to take them. Ignoring her, I stuffed them into a back pocket of my pants, telling her with a smile, "Yeah, I'm one of those guys snatching panties from the first time as a trophy. I hope you don't mind." Not that I gave a shit if she did. I was going to keep them anyway. Jim could buy her a replacement. After this encounter, I'd let her have her panties back after striping them off.
At the time, I confidently surmised we'd meet again. That proved to be true. I also figured future dealings involving Lee, Kenny, Vicki, and her wimp husband Jim, might become complicated, troublesome, or both.
I wasn't wrong on that, either.