Author's Note:
This is my first story, so my apologies for all the mistakes. Your feedback and suggestions and votes will be greatly appreciated and will help improve my next effort!
This is a true story. So let me know if you'd like to hear more of my adventures. I'm also thinking about writing fiction.
*********
I've been reading erotic stories about exhibitionism for a while now, and they turn me on like nothing else. Usually, I imagine myself doing the things the women I read about are doing and masturbate furiously imaging the hijinks I could get up to.
And then I return to my life, shy 22-year old woman that I am.
That all changed on a Thursday this summer.
I'm Jenn. I graduated in the spring with a part-time internship in HR and a job at Starbucks to pay the bills. To save on rent, I moved into an apartment I found through friends-of-friends. Matt, my new roommate, was a year older and, most importantly, paid more than half of the rent because he had a big room while mine was basically a closet.
Halfway through the summer, I was single, reading more and more of these exhibitionist stories, and getting sexually frustrated. So I decided to take matters into my own hands. Or, rather, out of them.
I thought about my life and about the life of the women - probably fictional, but still - whose exploits I fantasized about. And I decided to start at home. I knew better than to fuck my roommate, but I could still tease, right? Right.
So I decided to change my behavior in the apartment. No more bras at home, for one. And instead of taking clothes to the shower with me, I'd walk to and from the bathroom I shared with Matt in only a towel. And when lounging around the apartment, I'd show more skin. So I started cooking and sitting around in a tank top and short athletic shorts.
This was a good start for me. Walking to my room from the shower was a little thrill every day. And I caught Matt starting at my legs a couple of times.
But I also found myself spending more time in my (tiny) room. That was the shy me I wanted to conquer, so I made a further resolution. I'd be in the living room if I wasn't asleep.
So I started to quietly read erotic stories in the living room while Matt made his dinner and played video games. And found myself mindlessly touching my pussy and tits before realizing and stopping.
Matt didn't (I don't think) notice me touching myself, but he sure did notice my legs and my bra-free tits. He started to spend more time hanging out with me in our living room, too, which was probably related to my outfits.
One morning, on my way back from the shower, wrapped only in my towel, Matt insisted on having a conversation about breakfast. I mean, he just offered me coffee, but it was clearly an attempt to keep me in the kitchen in just my towel.
So we chatted for a couple of minutes over coffee. Me, with just my towel showing a fair amount of cleavage and ending only a third of the way down my thighs, and Matt in baggy gym shorts and an undershirt. I caught a glance at his crotch as I went into my room to get dressed, and there was a definite bulge.
This was fun! I couldn't help but touch myself as I got dressed, knowing that it would be a long day before I could come home and work out my frustrations with my fingers and vibrator.
That evening, I came home at like 6pm both starving for dinner and exactly as horny as I thought I'd be. The thought of Matt's boner coming from my pretty mild exhibition was running through my head all day and I needed some release. But I also needed not to get fired, so I kept it in my pants.
Anyhow, I was ready to fuck just about anything when I came home that night, but I was also starving.
Matt was there, friendly as ever. He'd changed out of his work clothes into the gym shorts and undershirt again, and was eating ramen and playing video games in the living room. He greeted me warmly and asked about my day.
"I'm fucking starving," I said, not telling him that I was starving for cock, too.
But I also needed out of my uncomfortable work clothes. So I dashed into my room to change back into shorts and a tank.
While in there, I did my best not to masturbate. I might have rubbed a little on my clit, but I kept it under control. And I decided to up my teasing game. I love a good tease, whether I'm the teaser or the one being teased. It just turns me on so much more to get only a taste of what I want.
So I slipped into my sexiest black thong and put my running shorts on over it. And threw on a white tank top before going out to cook a quick dinner. I had a plan.
I'm no gourmet chef - dinner was me throwing pasta sauce I'd made over the weekend on leftover pasta from earlier in the week and heating it in the microwave while I grabbed some greens from the fridge and poured olive oil and vinegar on them for a salad. Simple, easy, fast.
As my dinner came together, I reached for a bottle of wine - red and cheap, like I like it - and started to pour myself a glass. I stood facing the counter and the sink, with my back to Matt in the living room.
And when the microwave beeped, I spilled the wine all over myself, getting big spots on my shorts and tank top.
"Fuck, shit, fuck!" I cursed, drawing Matt's attention to my predicament.
I pulled down my shorts, exposing my barely-covered ass to Matt, and put them on the counter and immediately sprinkled them with salt - that's what my mom taught me to do for red wine stains.
There was red wine on my shirt, too, so I peeled that off, too and started salting it. Then I put an arm across my tits so as not to give Matt any more of a show, and turned to him.
"Can I borrow your shirt, Matt? I've spilled wine all over mine."
Matt looked me up and down, taking in my nearly-naked form, and stripped off his shirt. He tossed it to me, and then it was my turn to stare. His abs looked good - Matt was sexy in just his gym shorts!
I turned around to pull Matt's shirt over my head, finish treating the stains, and get my dinner. And also to catch my breath. This was the most daring thing I'd ever done, showing myself nearly naked to my roommate. I had started the day horny and was just getting wetter and wetter.
I decided that I wasn't done. Matt's shirt came halfway down my thighs, which just wouldn't do if I wanted to put on a show - even an accidental-seeming one. So I tied the shirt up at my waist with a hair tie like every girl learns at summer camp. Back to exposing my thong, I grabbed dinner and my wine and joined Matt in the living room.
He was back to playing his video games, and I caught up on facebook and news while eating. After ten or so minutes, Matt asked if it was ok to have some people over the next night.
"Of course," I said.
"Good, because I've already invited everyone. And Charlie should be by in a few minutes to drop off some beers."
Charlie was my favorite of Matt's friends. He was handsome, smart, and had a smile that made me melt. I'd met him a couple of times before and was getting a kinda slow-burn crush on him.
He worked at a chain of bars, where he was in charge of their beer supply. That meant that when beer was almost expired, he had to get rid of it. Which usually meant bringing it to parties. Charlie was a good friend for a bunch of reasons.
I told Matt that I had plans later that night, so I wouldn't be around.
"You're welcome to join us for a beer before you head out, though," Matt said, "especially if you wear that outfit."
I blushed. "What?" I teased back, "you want your sexy minx roommate to tease the bros?"
"I'm sure Charlie wouldn't mind," Matt teased.
Earlier in the summer, after a few beers on the couch with Matt, I'd told him that I thought Charlie was cute, and Matt hadn't let it go.
I blushed even more.
"I dare you to stay on this couch like that when Charlie drops the beer off," Matt continued. "And offer him a beer."
Shit, I thought, Matt's on to me. He knows that I'm getting off on teasing. But he's playing along and being cool about it. This could be fun.
I nodded.
Just then, the doorbell rang. Matt stood to open the door for Charlie, who came in with two cases.
"Hey Jenn," he said, mostly to my legs.
"Hi Charlie," I called. "Come in and stay a while! Have a beer!"
He laughed and joined me and Matt in the living room.
We talked about work and about the news and about anything other than my missing pants.
Charlie asked if I was going to be hanging out with the boys the next night, and I told him that I was instead going out with some girlfriends to get drunk and flirt and maybe make out with a stranger in the dark corner of a bar.
We were two beers in and I was feeling it a little, losing some inhibitions.
And I was already so turned on from my whole day of teasing. The evening in my thong and showing off for Matt and now also Charlie had me quivering. The beers were going straight to my pussy.
"We could do that here!" Charlie suggested. "I can wear a mask and that corner by the TV is pretty dark."
"I won't make out with a complete stranger. He's gonna have to dance with me first."
Matt rolled his eyes, but when Charlie pulled out his phone to play DJ, he bid us goodnight, leaving me alone with Charlie in the living room.
Charlie put his hands out to me, welcoming me into his arms.
I stepped into his arms, wrapped my hands around his neck, and we swayed with the music. Charlie's hands started at my hips, where his fingers grazed the waist of my thong but were mostly on the bare skin between my thong and Matt's t-shirt.
As we danced, his hands, to my pleasure, moved slowly until he had fingers on each of my ass cheeks, but kept his palms on the waistband of my thong.
Charlie's touch was electrifying. I wanted to take his hands and move them to where I wanted them. My nipples, my neck, inside my pussy. Instead, I leaned into him and imagined. Imagined Charlie on my bed and impaling myself on his hard cock. Imagining Charlie bending me over the kitchen counter and taking me from behind. Imagining him lifting me up, moving my thong aside, and fucking me against the wall.
He spoke, breaking the silence.
"What?" I asked, distracted from my daydreams.
"Do you usually hang out with Matt dressed like this?" Charlie ventured, asking the question he'd obviously been thinking for an hour.
"Just before you came over, actually, I spilled wine all over my shirt and shorts, so had to borrow Matt's shirt."
"And decided to forgo a new pair of shorts?"
"Well, it was just Matt."
"And me."
"And then you, too."
I moved closer to Charlie, feeling his hardening bulge press into my belly.
"Do you mind?" I asked.
"Oh no," he said, hastily. "But does Matt mind that you're borrowing his shirt for the whole night?"
Charlie's hands moved to finger the hem of Matt's shirt at my waist.
"Shouldn't you return it to him?" Matt asked, teasing pulling my shirt up just an inch.
"Maybe when you go home," I whispered, leaning close, "I'll sneak into Matt's room and return both the shirt and this thong."
I moved my hands to my hips and played at pulling my thong down.
"You'd like me to strip for Matt, wouldn't you."
"I guess I'll have to sleep over, then. I wouldn't want to leave you alone with my buddy Matt. What if you took advantage of him?"
Charlie's hands were creeping up my sides, bringing the shirt up with them and exposing more of my belly. He stopped when his thumbs rested, ever so gently, on the underside of my breasts.
I was putty in his hands, I realized as I moaned.
Gently, he pushed me against the wall and leaned in for a kiss, which I returned enthusiastically.
Charlie pressed himself against me while we made out, his hands gently running along the underside of my breasts and his hardening cock pressing against my belly.
I moaned again as my hands found his ass to pull him closer.
I got more and more turned on as he kissed me, nibbled my neck, and caressed me. But I also had a moment of lucid thought, a tiny bit of blood flowing to my brain and not just my pussy. I loved this, yes, but I'd see Charlie again tomorrow and if I sent him home now, I'd be even more turned on when I teased him the next day.
Somehow, my rational pursuit of sexual arousal beat out my animal mind, and I gently pushed Charlie back.
"Charlie," I breathed, "I've got work in the morning."
I promised that I wouldn't leave before he arrived the following night, and then he was out the door and I was, a moment later, naked in my bed, rubbing my aching pussy.
I needed to get laid soon, but I loved making myself work for it.
Anyhow, that was Wednesday night, and I promised the story about the Thursday night that changed my summer. It was the next night, when I was planning to head out and Matt was having friends over.
*******
The day started as had become the usual, with me in only a towel, drinking coffee with Matt, who slyly (but respectfully) ogled me.
My day at work was nothing special. I mean, I thought about masturbating in the ladies' room when my mind wandered to the night before and what I wanted to do to Charlie, but I didn't do anything about it.
When I got home, Matt was preparing for his guests. He'd gotten a couple of bottles of booze to complement the beer Charlie had left in the fridge and was putting out snacks.
"The boys'll be here in like twenty," he said, offering me a beer.
I sipped the beer and watched Matt play host while thinking about my plans for the night.
Charlie was coming over, I remembered, and I bet he'd fuck me at the end of the night if I wanted him to. And I needed to get laid.
Or, I could put on a sexy dress and pick up some strange man at the bar with my girlfriends. I was young and sexy and could probably have my pick of any number of cute guys.
I thought about wearing a short, low-cut dress and getting felt up in the bar by some handsome stranger. And I daydreamed about dancing on the bar - maybe I'd show the goods to the whole bar!
I was jolted out of my reverie when the doorbell rang. Shit, I thought, realizing that I still needed a shower and the place was about to be filled with Matt's buddies. So I downed the last of my beer and dashed to my bedroom, where I stripped and wrapped myself in my towel. I made it to the bathroom just as Matt and his guest came in.
As I put my towel on the rack and admired my naked form in the mirror, the realization of what I'd done dawned on me. By the time I got out of the shower, Matt's buddies would all be in the kitchen and living room and would probably stare at me as I tried to make it back to my room in only a towel.
Between the fantasizing I'd done on the couch and the anticipation of showing a lot of skin to whomever Matt had invited over and the teasing I'd done over the last few days, my pussy was on fire. I had to basically drag my hands away from my tits and pussy to get into the shower, and couldn't think of anything but how I wanted to get fucked as I bathed.
I was nervous as I got out of the shower. Was I really going through with this? The men outside the bathroom door weren't just Matt and Charlie. I didn't know who was there and was getting nervous about wearing just a towel in front of all these strangers. But when I looked around the bathroom, there was nothing other than a towel to cover myself. I could go out there naked or in a towel.
I chose the towel - but just naming to myself that I could walk into a room full of men stark naked did send shivers down my spine.
When I came out of the shower, there were three guys plus Matt and Charlie in the kitchen, and judging by the empties, they were each a beer in. The bottle of Jack on the counter was open, too, so I guess they didn't waste any time.
I knew a couple of them. Charlie looked me up and down and smiled. Jake was a friend of Matt's from work. The other two I didn't know. Suddenly I was nervous, and made a beeline towards my bedroom.
"Jenn!" Charlie called. "Come say hi." He had already poured me a shot and held it out with his winning smile.
And that's how I met Raj, also from Matt's work, and Tom, a friend of Raj's who had hung out with the gang before.
I couldn't be rude and leave a conversation that just started, so I decided to stay for a minute, or at least that's what I told myself as I took the shot Charlie handed me.
Liquid courage, I guess.
Anyhow, my towel covered everything, I began to reason. I'd made sure of it before leaving the bath. It was securely tucked between my tits, showing some cleavage - but not too much. And came about a third of the way down my thighs. Covered my ass with like two inches to spare.
Charlie was standing close and the boys were fun, so I decided that I didn't need to rush to the bar with my girlfriends. Charlie poured me another glass of whiskey and invited me to join them to play trivial pursuit in the living room.
I readily agreed. The drinks and my arousal had me eager for their attention.
All of a sudden, I was self-conscious. How was I going to sit? I figured out out, though. I crossed my legs, probably showing a boatload of bare thigh.
I'm pretty good at trivia, so it wasn't long before I'd gotten a bunch of wedges. Charlie was keeping up, though. It was close. After a while, and spectacularly good luck, I landed on the right square to get my last wedge and like an idiot blurted out the wrong answer super cockily. Before I could correct myself, Raj announced I was wrong.
I cursed. And babbled on about what an idiot I had to be to say such an obviously wrong answer without thinking. The alcohol had gone to my head, I guess. Usually I've got a better filter.
"Why don't we just give Jenn a do-over?" Charlie asked. "It was a silly mistake."
"Really?" I asked, relieved.
"Of course," Charlie replied, "but you'll have to give me a kiss."
I didn't need much inducement. So I stood up and walked to where he sat on the couch and leaned over to kiss his cheek.
Which wasn't what he'd meant. I knew that, but figured I'd tease him.
"No," he said, "give me a proper kiss."
And I decided to show him a proper kiss. I got onto the couch, straddling his lap. My tits were at his chin and I ground myself onto his lap.
Which is when I remembered I was wearing only a towel. I guess really was feeling the drinks. With a shudder, I felt his jeans rubbing right against my wet pussy.
I moaned. And then Charlie's hands were at my waist, holding me to him, and I pressed against him again and he thrust his hips and I was dry humping Charlie in front of the other guys.
And then Charlie, flirt that he is, asked for his kiss.
So I kissed him. It was great. And then I realized where I was and that all the guys were watching me make out with Charlie.
So I broke off our kiss and told Raj to read me the new question, but didn't move from Charlie's lap.
Still on Charlie's lap, I got the question right and went on to dominate the end of the game. That's when I finally got up, said that I had to go, and went back to my room.
Charlie also stood up. "Do you need help zipping your dress up?" he asked, coyly inviting himself to my room with me.
I was feeling really flirty and super turned on and still pretty buzzed, so I said yes and let him come into the bedroom with me.
Which was super crazy for me. I mean, I had boyfriends in college and had even had a one-night stand, but this was something else. In a room full of guys, I was practically naked and was bringing one of them (and I hardly knew Charlie, even though we'd made out the night before) to my bedroom where everyone thought I was just going to fuck him right then and there.
And boy, did I want to fuck him.
But I'd promised my friends that I'd go out with them and was already running really late, having played all that nearly-naked trivial pursuit. I may have been horny as fuck and buzzed, but I was still going to show up for my friends.
So I wasn't going to fuck him, but I sure as hell was going to have fun with him.
As I led Charlie to my bedroom, I considered what to do to him if I wasn't going to fuck him. I could drop my towel for him and then get dressed while he watched, but that seemed like a recipe to end up riding him if I was honest with myself. I could kiss him a little and then kick him out, but that seemed mean.
I decided to continue teasing him. And teasing myself just as much.
When I closed the bedroom door behind us, I immediately took charge, directing him to sit on the bed. Then I found a bandana and fashioned it into a blindfold and put it over his eyes.
"Don't touch the blindfold, Charlie," I warned.
And then I dropped the towel.
Naked in my bedroom with a fully-clothed man, I knew what I wanted. But I'd have to settle for second best, because what I wanted was to fuck him six ways from Sunday.
"Charlie," I said, "you're going to leave your hands where I put them."
"You got it."
"You know what I'm wearing, Charlie?"
"Did you lose the towel?"
"I did."
Something stirred in Charlie's pants.
Which reminded me that the denim had been rough on my most delicate parts.
"Take your pants off, but leave the underpants on," I ordered, getting used to being in control.
He complied, returning to sit on the bed in his boxer briefs, which clearly outlined his hard cock.
I wanted that cock inside of me, but had decided it wasn't going to happen just then. Instead, I straddled him, just like on the couch, rubbing my naked (and wet!) pussy against his hard cock through his boxer briefs.
I moved his hands to my bare waist and he pulled me hard against his cock.
I was starting to breathe heavily. I pushed Charlie to lay flat on the bed and held my hands against his chest, arching my back to grind my clit on his hardness.
All of a sudden, my orgasm washed over me. I cried out, and then collapsed on top of Charlie.
As my breathing returned to normal, I sat up.
"Thanks, babe," I said, "but I've got to run."
I stood up.
"Stay put," I instructed, "just for another moment."
I pulled the dress I'd planned on wearing that evening over my head. It was a skater dress from Forever 21 that came almost halfway down my thighs, covered my chest completely, but in a way that showed off my tits, and had a back made entirely of lace. In red. It was a sexy dress.
"Zip me up?" I asked, lifting Charlie's blindfold and turning my back to him.
When he'd put the finishing touch on my wardrobe, I turned to face him and immediately blushed. He followed my gaze to his crotch and saw the obvious wet patch on his boxer briefs.
His face lit up in a smile.
"You could come with, you know," I started.
"Yeah?" He asked.
"Yeah," I continued, hatching a plan. "My girlfriends and I are going to the bar to meet new men. It'd be fun to run into you there. They don't need to know that you're not a stranger."
"Not a stranger anymore," he corrected with a wink.
I slapped his shoulder playfully.
"So you're coming? We'll have to enter separately so my friends don't think I've brought a date."
He came with, promising he'd see me there in just a bit.
******
So I dashed through the living room, waving a goodnight to the boys and headed to the bar to meet my girlfriends.
Ashley and Jessica were already there and a drink and a half in. I apologized and sidled up to their table, explaining that Matt had insisted I stay in for a pre-game shot.
They had already scoped out the bar and found a couple of cute guys they thought could be fun for an evening. But the boys weren't coming over, despite Jessica and Ashley making eye contact and playing with their hair.
"Really?" I asked, "In the 21st century, you have to wait for a man to flirt with you?"
"Finish your drinks," I continued, sounding braver than I was, "we're going over there."
And so I dragged them to the table of four cute boys who they'd been eyeing.
"Buy us another round?" I asked by way of introduction, and one of the boys called a waiter over to take our orders.
While Jessica and Ashley flirted, I kept my eye out for my handsome stranger who had promised to come flirt with me. After a couple of minutes of rather inane conversation that Jessica and Ashley seemed to be enjoying, I spotted Charlie at the bar. He caught my eye and winked.
I let him stew there for a while.
As we finished our drinks, it seemed like everyone was getting on well enough to get another round, but I didn't want to be stuck at the table.
"Let's dance!" I suggested, pulling Jessica and Ashley with me to the dance floor. They grabbed their favorite boys, and soon the three of us and the four boys were dancing.
I looked to the bar, hoping that Charlie would see me and rescue me from this group. He wasn't at the bar because he'd already sidled alongside me.
"Wanna dance?" he asked, taking my hands.
Charlie could dance! This wasn't the dancing we'd done the previous night, which was basically an excuse to press our bodies together. He was actually leading and dancing with me and he had moves.
Charlie spun me around and around until I was getting dizzy and giggly, and then he held me close while I found my legs again. His stiffening cock against my butt reminded me of what I wanted, and I ground my ass back into him.
I had an idea.
"Buy me a drink?" I asked, figuring if it had worked on the boys earlier, why should I mess with a perfectly good line.
Charlie took me to the bar, where I hopped up onto a bar stool while he ordered me a whiskey, neat. I spun on the stool to face away from the bartender and show my legs to the bar, and then I spread my legs wide enough to fit Charlie between them.
I pulled him close to me between my legs. The stool was the perfect height. My pussy was right at the level of his cock, and his face was just where I needed it to kiss.
I kissed him. And grabbed his butt, pulling him close enough to me that I could feel the heat from his crotch and he could probably feel the heat from mine.
I took one of Charlie's hands and brought it to my bare thigh, just below the hem of my dress.
"Touch me," I whispered.
His hand slowly eased up my thigh, and I got hotter and hotter in anticipation of what he'd find.
I skipped underwear when getting dressed that evening with the hopes that it would make the night more fun, and it was about to.
Charlie found my bare pussy with his fingers, and we gasped together, me with the electricity of his touch and him probably in pleased surprise.
"You're wet," he observed, sliding a finger along my very wet slit.
The bartender returned with whiskey for me, and Charlie paid for it and picked up the glass while I caught my breath.
He handed me the whiskey and put his hand back at my pussy.
I took a long sip of the whiskey and let the drink's heat run down my throat, past my belly, and pool at my pussy.
"Touch me," I whispered again.
Charlie obliged. His fingers teased my lips open and brushed on my clit. As he slid a finger inside of me I gasped.
Perhaps too loudly for a public bar, I thought, as I suddenly was jarred into self-conscious awareness of my surroundings.
I took another gulp of whiskey and checked if anyone had noticed us. The people sitting on either side of me were in their own conversations, facing away from us, and the place was dark. We're safe, I decided to myself, and gave Charlie the whiskey to set down with his free hand.
I wasn't sure I'd be able to hold the glass up much longer.
I returned my attention to Charlie's fingers.
He slowly pulled his finger out of my pussy, and then slowly back in. Then again, a little faster. Then a second finger joined the first and Charlie was gently finger-fucking me in a bar.
I leaned back on my stool and my head rolled back involuntarily.
Charlie took the opportunity to, while maintaining his pace, ravage my neck with kisses. His hot breath on my neck, his gentle kisses, and his fingers fucking me had me so turned on, right there in the middle of the bar.
And it just got worse. He moved his thumb to my clit and the only reason I didn't scream in pleasure was because his mouth was covering mine, kissing me like I'd never been kissed.
And then he curved his fingers inside of me, stimulating my g-spot with his fingers and my clit with his thumb and I was cumming and cumming and cumming.
Charlie kissed me softly as I came down from my orgasm and he disentangled his fingers from my pussy.
"Let's get out of here," I insisted, "now."
And so, leaving a huge wet spot on the stool, we snuck out of the bar without saying goodnight to my friends and their paramours.
I kissed Charlie again right outside the bar. "You've got magical hands," I panted.
He just smiled.
"Can I take you home?" I asked, leading him there. "There's a favor I need to return."
He kept smiling.
I really did need to return that favor. I'd cum twice now by his hands, and he'd been hard and frustrated since the night before. And besides, I'd seen the outline of that cock in his boxer briefs and felt it pressing against me the night before and a whole lot that night.
"What're you thinking about with that big smile on your face?" Charlie asked, interrupting my reverie.
I blushed. Was I really that obvious? Did I really get a goofy grin on my face when thinking about his cock? I decided that I was going to be brave tonight, since I'd already been much braver than usual.
So I stopped, and grabbing Charlie by the belt, I pulled him close to me.
"I was thinking about your cock," I hissed.
"What were you thinking about it?"
"I was thinking about how much I want to see it and taste it and ride it."
"Yeah?"
"Yes. I was thinking about all the things I want to do to your cock."
I crouched in front of him, holding on to his belt to keep my balance, and putting my face level with his bulge, which was growing conspicuous.
I moved one hand to touch it.
"I was thinking about touching it," I continued, running a finger along its length.
"Oh," his cock flexed.
"And maybe," I said, kissing his cock through his jeans, "maybe I'll kiss your thick cock."
My arousal was getting the better of my (diminishing) sense of propriety. I needed to kiss that cock, right here on the sidewalk.
I unzipped his fly and fished his cock out of his boxer briefs.
It was a lovely cock, standing thick and long and in my face. I kissed the tip.
Charlie moaned.
I kissed it again, and licked from his balls to the tip.
"Jenn," he growled.
I needed that cock in my mouth.
Fuck teasing, I thought, and took him in my mouth. I engulfed his length down my throat, fingering his balls while sucking the life out of him.
It didn't take long before he was ready to explode.
"Jenn," he moaned, and I knew that meant he was going to cum.
I wanted to taste it, to devour him, so as the first warm shot hit the back of my throat, I pulled him closer and swallowed each load of semen as he pumped into my mouth.
When he was done and limp, I tucked him back into his pants and stood back up.
"Come home with me," I insisted again.
We only made it three more blocks before Charlie insisted we stop.
He pushed me against a lamppost and kissed me.
I moaned and pulled him close.
His hands found my breasts as mine found his crotch.
"Charlie!" I gasped in surprise as I traced my fingers along his once-again rock-hard cock.
His fingers found my pussy again as I unfastened his belt and tugged his pants and boxer briefs down far enough to unleash his cock into the cool night air.
Charlie lifted me up against the lamppost, his strong hands on my ass holding me up while I wrapped my legs around his waist and fumbled for his cock.
I lined up his cock with the entrance of my hungry wet pussy.
"Are you going to fuck me against this lamppost?" I teased, rubbing the tip of his cock along my slit.
He thrust into me.
"Oh, Charlie," I called out as his cock entered me.
But it didn't last. In our still pretty drunk state, we couldn't get a rhythm going or find the right angle.
"Just fuck me at home," I said, picking myself up off the ground and starting to jog. "But come quick, before I fuck you on the sidewalk."
Charlie ran after me, holding his pants up as he jogged.
When we burst into my kitchen a minute later, there was no sign that Matt was still awake. The boys must have all gone home or out to a bar or something.
So I just leaned over the arm of the couch and flipped my skirt up to show Charlie my wet pussy aching for his cock.
He didn't need any more of a hint. Thirty seconds after we'd entered my place, he was balls deep and I was moaning.
Charlie rammed his cock into me, hitting all the right places, and he leaned forward to put a finger on my clit, too.
I bucked and came hard, for the third time that night. My climax triggered Charlie's, too, and as I came, I felt him burst inside me and fill me with his hot cum.
We collapsed on the couch.
"I needed that," I said, leaking our combined fluids down my legs.