From my earlier stories, you know I have been having sex with the boy from next door and have made my husband a cuckold. My husband only has himself to blame (or credit) for the situation we are in now. After more than 20 years of faithful marriage I am now having a new cock fill me and thrill me.
My husband introduced me to porn as I know it now. We both enjoy videos and sexy images... together and separately. He encouraged me to act more slutty with him... dressing sexier, teasing men and women... introducing me to anal sex. When we watch movies (Italian are our favorites) he often asks if I would like to be one of the actresses in the movie... wearing beautiful lingerie... sucking on a large cock... having multiple men at the same time etc. He has planted these thoughts in my head. And that has led to my changing behavior this summer.
Keith, the boy next door (he's almost 19 and on his way to college soon), and I get together a couple of times a week for sex. Sometimes we have hours and sometimes it's just something quick. I enjoy his youthful enthusiasm and hard cock that seems to always be ready for action. We have always gotten together when my husband is away for a while and I tell him about it after. He has eaten Keith's cum from my pussy more than once.
My husband seems to enjoy hearing about my adventures so much I thought it was a shame he couldn't see for himself. I thought about video but that seems complicated in ways I don't even want to think about. The best answer was to have my husband watch me have sex with my young lover. When I suggested the idea one night, he seemed to be very open to the idea. The idea was for me to invite Keith over for sex and my husband would hide in the closet with a nice view of our bed.
I invited Keith over for Saturday afternoon. I told him we wouldn't have too long but I was anxious to see him.
Since this would be a show for my husband, I had him pick out my lingerie, clothes and heels. We showered together and I had him shave my legs and pussy. I wanted him to participate in my infidelity.
While I was putting on my makeup, I had him iron the skirt and blouse I would be wearing. I started getting dressed by putting on a garter belt, bra and stockings. I was actually feeling a little nervous and my pussy was already dripping.
I told my husband how wet I was and decided to show him by running a finger over my pussy with my legs spread wide. I slid a finger into my cunt, sending a chill through my body... and then I withdrew the slick finger and presented it to my husbands mouth. He eagerly sucked on it. I could have fingered myself to a massive orgasm right then but I knew there were better things ahead!
I was going to wear panties but then decided to skip them. Instead, I ran the satin over my moist slit and handed them to my husband. I told him he could smell them while he was watching me get fucked. (I also knew he'd be rubbing the satin on his cock). I slipped on a tight black skirt and a light blue silk blouse. The last touch was for my husband to slip my high heels on to my nylon covered feet.
We only had a few minutes before my lover would arrive. I had some last minute instructions for my husband. Holding his cock through his pants, I told him he could stroke himself but he couldn't cum. I wanted that load for myself!
He positioned himself in the closet with the door slightly open and a good view of the bed.
When Keith arrived, I met him at the front door and gave him a warm passionate kiss. I was more excited than usual and I wanted him to know it. I felt his hard cock pushing against me through our clothes and I quickly led him by the hand to the bedroom. It was showtime! I've seen enough movies by now that I know what my husband likes to see and I was going to put on a show.
I led Keith to the side of the bed and kissed him again. He was holding my ass while I worked the front of his pants open. I made sure he was standing sideways to the closet so my husband would have a good view of me dropping to my knees and taking that beautiful cock in my mouth.
I started to worship his cock... telling him how much I loved the feel of it... how hard it was. I kissed and licked the shaft. I sucked the head and licked his balls. He was oozing precum that I swirled on my tongue. I knew he was getting close so I backed off and stood up. He opened my blouse and lifted my tits out of my bra eagerly sucking on my nipples. I was laying back on the bed with my legs toward the closet. Keith continued to suck my nipples and was easing a finger in and out of my sopping wet pussy.
I was hoping my husband had a clear view of it. In case he didn't, I was very vocal... telling Keith how good it felt... that my nipples were hard as rocks and my pussy was so wet etc.
I shifted and told him I needed him inside me. I told him to lie back in the bed... his 8" hard cock was standing straight in the air. I turned around so I was facing the closet door and slowly lowered myself onto him. I spread my legs wide and started moving up and down the shaft.
I looked straight at the opening of the closet door... I wanted my husband to look me in the eye as his wife's pussy was taken by another man. I was telling Keith how great his cock felt... how much I needed it. Keith was holding my ass as I bounced up and down on him.
I was enjoying putting on a show and I could feel a pretty big orgasm building in me. I closed my eyes and sat down fully on his cock and rubbed back and forth. This way, he was really deep in me and my clit rubbed on his balls. That was all it took for me to go over the edge and come like crazy.
I screamed.. 'I'm cumming!! Oh my god you make me cum so good!' I collapsed back on him and tried to catch my breath. His cock was still very hard and very deep inside me.
After I caught my breath, I said 'it's your turn!' I got off him and it was my turn to lie on my back. I've learned he likes to stand beside the bed and hold my legs or waist as he fucks me and this is one of the best ways to get him to cum. I shifted to the side of the bed, spread my legs wide in the air and guided him back into me. I was still wearing my skirt that was bunched up around my waist. My blouse was open and I still had on my bra and garter belt of course.
As I looked up at Keith I put my high heels up on his shoulders. He was fucking me with abandon now. Holding my waist his cock was firing into me at a rapid pace. I was telling him how much I wanted him to cum. He usually cums in my mouth, pussy or ass but this time, I wanted him to shoot it on me. I wanted to see him cum and of course, I wanted my husband to see it too.
As he got close I told him to cum on me... begging him to shower me with cum! That seemed to send him over the edge. His cum shot did not disappoint! He pulled out of my pussy and as I looked down, the first jet landed on my stomach but the second hit me in the face! He kept shooting 5 or 6 more jets.. covering my chest, my skirt and garter belt. As he settled down, I shifted to take his cock in my mouth to clean the remaining cum off his cock head.
I told him how great it was but that we didn't have much time so he should go. He quickly gathered his clothes and I walked him to the front door. I gave him a quick kiss and said 'until next time!'
I walked back to the bedroom...still covered in cum... and opened the closet door. My husband was standing there with his pants off and my panties wrapped around his hard cock.
I led him to the bed and told him to clean me. He started with the cum on my tits and bra and worked his way down to my stomach. My belly button was a pool of cum. I told him to clean my garter belt with his tongue.
It is a very powerful feeling to have your husbands head in your hands as he cleans your lovers cum. I had him move lower to my mound which had cum on it but I also needed another orgasm. I held his head tight against me... I wasn't sure if he could breathe but I was too far gone to care.
I came very hard on his mouth.
I got on my hands and knees and asked him 'now, please fuck your slut'. He got behind me and easily slid into my sopping wet hole. I knew he wouldn't last long... especially when I started asking if he liked the show. He came inside me in less than 60 seconds.
So he liked the show! And I enjoyed being an 'actress'! Who knows what's next...
Love Maria