Everyone in this story is over 18 years of age.
She knew it was risky.
She knew there was a chance she might get caught.
It wasn't going to stop her.
She justified it by thinking that she wasn't hurting anyone and she would be careful.
But she couldn't stop thinking about it, she got excited and very wet each time she thought about ways she might actually be able to try it.
What was so weird, she had never even thought about trying it until that night recently when she accidentally discovered it on that porn site.
It had been late, her parents were asleep, and she had been studying for hours. She happened to google on her laptop about "sexy things a person could do alone."
She had scrolled through numerous topics before finding, "Driving naked."
She watched a couple of videos and immediately thought it was really hot.
She had been brought up and continued to live in a very strict household, her parents would freak out, if they knew what she was looking at, "probably send me to a convent," she laughed.
She got up and locked her door, taking a moment to strip off her jeans, plain white cotton panties, her socks, her t-shirt and plain bra. Then she stood looking at herself naked in front of her mirror thinking about her experience with sex or her lack of and the desires that she had.
At almost 20 years old, she wasn't a virgin, which would have killed her parents, had they known. Years ago, her mother had put her on "the pill" to control her period and she had been told not to tell her father, one of the few times her mother had done something that her father didn't know about.
It wasn't that her mother was liberal minded, not one bit, her mother had threatened her several times about the fact the pill was only to regulate her periods, it wasn't a license to indulge in sex. Her parents were prudes, they tried to control every waking moment of her life, and she was starting to rebel against them, especially at night.
Although, legally she was an adult, that did not hold much weight in their house, so she learned about sex via the internet, and she learned a lot.
Her parents were in bed most nights before 10 pm, leaving her time to learn about various erotica sites, porn channels, and as a result she was likely more sexually aware and active than most young women her age, except she was usually alone.
Surprisingly though, they had let her date after she turned eighteen, although boys from their church. Of course, hormones being hormones one night after the movies her boyfriend and her fumbled in the backseat of his car, one thing led to another and they had sex.
She wouldn't have called it making love because it had not been for love and in fact, she would barely call it sex, although he did cum inside her. It wasn't exactly memorable and he didn't seem to have been particularly interested in her getting anything from it.
It was disappointing and given her limited choices, not something she wanted to try again anytime soon. They broke up shortly afterwards.
She had a much better time with her girlfriend Mary.
Mary came from a very similar background to her, although several months older than her, Mary was even more inexperienced, her parents would not even allow the internet into their home and as a result she became Mary's resource for all things sexual.
Plus, Mary had been her friend since kindergarten, they did everything together, they went on vacations with each others family, they had sleep overs, and shared everything.
One night, shortly after her tryst with her boyfriend, Mary and her had gotten a little silly and they were wrestling and one thing led to another and somehow, they had kissed each other.
As kisses go, the first one was more like a brother/sister kiss or a sister/sister kiss and not much better than when she was with her ex-boyfriend. Still, they were smart girls and it didn't take them long to make the kisses longer, to get tongues involved, and start breathing very heavily.
That first session was limited to kissing; however, the following weekend, Mary's parents were away and they let her stay over, in their most horrible of nightmares about their daughters, neither Mary's parents or her parents could possibly imagine their daughters exploring girl on girl sex.
Which is exactly was they did after supper that night. She didn't consider herself to be a lesbian, she and Mary were just friends, although she had to admit, her nightly masturbating sessions usually involved Mary or her Aunt Jenny as the subject of her teenage fantasies.
Sharing the story of her first attempt at normal sex as they laid in Mary's bed, Mary had listened fascinated and was disappointed for her that it hadn't been very satisfying.
In one of those quiet moments that can change your life, Mary had asked her, "What would have made it better?"
She explained they had started off okay, they kissed and hugged at the beginning, she had tried to get him to French kiss her, she laughed that their first kissing session was better than what she experienced with him. She said it was pretty obvious that he wasn't as experienced as he had led her to believe.
She said she loved the idea of kissing open mouthed, of lips moving together, tongues penetrating each others lips and mouths, and she had thought about it a lot, even reading the WikiHow page over and over, and practicing it in her mind. Mary smiled and said their other sleepover last weekend, was pretty awesome and said she liked French kissing too.
As she explained more, Mary started to squirm a little as she got excited. Mary had never really kissed anyone other than her, previously Mary's experience had been limited to quick pecks on the cheeks.
She explained that it would have been so much better if he had held her head while they kissed, had used his hands and fingers to caress her body. She would have liked it, if he had attempted as they kissed, to undo her blouse and play with her boobs, she had nice 34B's and they were very sensitive.
Wikihow and the incognito pages in her computer had taught her a lot, but it wasn't the same as actually doing it; Mary was the only person she knew that she could tell about what she had wished he had done to her.
As she told Mary these things, she hadn't realized at first that she was touching herself as she spoke, acting out the parts she wished her boyfriend had done. She noticed Mary's eyes were huge as she rubbed her breasts through the thin fabric of her short nightie and now aware that Mary was watching, she started to act out the roles on purpose.
"And then what did you want him to do?" Mary asked anxiously.
She continued describing how she had wanted him to touch her breasts, to use his fingertips to gently make little circles on her skin, to take his fingers and thumbs and squeeze her nipples, to pinch and pull on them, alternating between being rough and being gentle. She noticed Mary's breathing increasing and her own heartbeat becoming was becoming more rapid.
What she didn't tell Mary, at least not that first time, was that this is what she did to herself many nights when her parents were asleep and her door was closed; this and thoughts about so much more. Those porn sites were so helpful, she smiled inwardly.
Mary watched her pinching and pulling on her nipples, she noticed them engorge with blood and grow to almost twice the size that they were and to the point where both nubs were very pronounced and making very obvious bumps in her nightie.
Next, she talked about wanting his hands to move down her flat tummy and then to place his hand over her pussy, using his fingers to trace the outline of her pussy in the front of her panties. Her own breathing was much more rapid now and a tiny moan escaped her lips as she continued to act out the parts for Mary.
Then she turned to Mary and said, "Would you like to know what I wanted him to do after that?"
Mary was flushed and little beads of sweat were forming on her forehead, and her chest above her nightie neckline was bright red, "Yes, Lisa, I want to know everything."
"Okay," she said smiling, "I'm going to need you to pretend to be me, okay?"
"I'll do anything," Mary said in a low whisper. At this point, Mary so horny that she had started to rub her pussy right in front of her.
"Okay, you can't tell anyone, okay?" she looked at Mary with an anxious smile on her face.
"I won't, you know that, I never said anything about our practice kissing," Mary said trying to imagine what was coming next and was almost shaking in anticipation.
"Okay, take off your nightie," Mary looked at her for a moment, and then wordlessly pulled it up over her head.
"Mary, you are so beautiful," she said as she looked at her naked friend, taking in the erect nipples, flat stomach, pale skin, her bare pussy, and curvy ass.
Although she had been shaving herself for a long time, Mary had only started after her 18th birthday, and no one, except her now, actually had ever seen it this way.
She remembered saying to Mary, "Okay, close your eyes and lie down, just relax and enjoy this ..."
Mary laid down with her eyes closed, her skin covered in tiny goosebumps.
She looked at her friend, they could have been sisters, they were that alike. She bent down and kissed Mary on the lips and Mary whimpered slightly as her lips parted and her tongue entered Mary's mouth.
She moved down and licked and kissed Mary's neck, paused to nibble on her ear lobes, like she had seen on-line, Mary must have liked it because she spread her legs farther apart and she could see the wetness starting to glisten on Mary's bare pussy.
Moving down Mary's body just liked she had explained a few minutes ago; she did the things to Mary, that she had wanted her boyfriend to do to her. She licked, suckled, pinched and pulled on Mary's breasts and then moved down Mary's body; Mary could barely control herself.
Mary's whimpering and moaning began almost non-stop as her body arched and twisted in response to her actions, if only her former boyfriend had done this, but he hadn't and now she was discovering, as was Mary, why sex between two women can be pretty awesome.
While still focusing on her tender breasts and nipples, Lisa moved her hand down Mary's flat stomach to just above top of her pussy. Mary reached down and grabbed Lisa's hand and then used it to cup her pussy, holding her hand in place as Mary thrust her hips out to push her fingers against Mary's soaked pussy.
Mary's breathing turned into a series of pants and then Mary sharply inhaled as she moved her tongue down Mary's tummy.
Kissing, licking, and softly biting, she was simply doing to Mary what she had dreamed about so many nights after secretly watching porn on her laptop. It's not that she was experienced, this was all new to her, but she was thoughtful and took her time.
She found Mary's taste amazing and tried to remember everything she had seen on-line but eventually just did what she thought she would like if a woman was eating her. Using her tongue to delve in and around the folds of her pussy, she found Mary was getting wetter and wetter. Then pushing against Mary's sex with her face, she used it to create sensations that Mary was obviously enjoying.
Mary couldn't control herself and she felt her first real orgasm ripple through her body, the aftershocks felt like what happened when she threw a big rock into the water. It felt so incredible, she pulled Lisa up to her face and kissed her on the lips, her mouth open and they french kissed, their arms wrapping around each other. The rest of the night was spent kissing, caressing, fondling and they actually made love as opposed to what had happened with her former boyfriend.
That had been more than a year ago, looking back, their first time had been very good and each time since they seemed to improve and they both always had orgasms. Just saying that word made her tingle, she loved the feeling of coming and the momentary loss of control, and the electric feeling deep inside her.
In secret, at least two or three times a month, they had continued to find ways to be with each other for making love and exploring new things, including experimenting with different household things as vibrators. Mary had even let her play with her ass and several times she had Mary orgasm after kissing her there and even penetrating her tiny rosebud with her fingers and tongue.
Mary was the only person she was active with, but eventually Mary had convinced her parents to let her date, and had started dating a guy. Mary had told her that they had experimented with oral sex and had regular sex several times.
Considering everything, maybe she was a lesbian, it was fun with Mary and she noticed that almost all of her fantasies involved women, particularly Mary or her Aunt Jenny. Her relationship with Mary was more of a "friend with benefits" type of arrangement because her parents were so strict. Any other opportunities were pretty limited because she was going a university that was within walking distance of her house.
Thinking about her Aunt Jenny, she was pretty sure that Jenny had no idea that her niece fantasized about her. Jenny was everything her mother wasn't, although they were both 44 and identical twins. Jenny was fun, she was sexy in a MILF kind of way, she was divorced after being married since she was 18, and she had a son, but he lived with his dad.
She knew Jenny dated a lot had dated a lot, but not as much recently and it gave her a little hope, she just didn't know how to do anything about it.
Jenny had always seemed to have had a soft spot for her, she figured it was because her mom was such a prude, that she needed someone on her side. Jenny had bought her a small bikini last year, and it was something she based many fantasies on, Jenny had helped her pick it out, actually going in the change room with her when she was naked. Her parents had let her visit her aunt alone several times and Jenny had told her many stories about her sexploits as they sat around in Jenny's hot tub sometimes wearing bathing suits and sometimes not. Each time Jenny swore her to secrecy, knowing how her parents would react.
Although there was always the hint of sexual attraction, Aunt Jenny, had always been respectful, going to the edge of what was okay, but never over it. She could hope though.
Drawn back to the present, she ran her fingers over her naked body enjoying the sensations that she could create, her mind filled with naughty thoughts from her explorations of the world of soft-porn and some hard-core scenes that she was sure would have made even Jenny blush.
It was ironic, it was only because of her parents' strict control of her life that she explored this darker world.
At 5.9 she was tall, she weighted about 120 pounds and it was distributed nicely in a 34 x 24 x 34 frame, people told her she was pretty. In high school she had been the quiet type and only dated in her senior year, with that one guy.
Her long blonde hair was usually in a pony tail, and her blue eyes were almost gray, her skin was smooth and thanks to Aunt Jenny's advice, the only hair she had was on her head, she had shaved everything bare since her earliest days, her breasts were small but were incredibly sensitive, so much so, that she quite often kept bandages on them to reduce the friction from her bra.
She exercised and her tummy was flat with some abs definition, her hips and ass had nice curvy shapes and running her hands over her cheeks right now they felt tight and firm, her legs were shapely and toned and led to her tiny feet that she fantasized about someone kissing and sucking on.
She returned to her computer, searched and found several clips of women of all ages, shapes, and sizes, driving in various states of being naked and masturbating. With each clip she got more and more turned on, until the point where she moved to her bed and buried her fingers between her thighs.
Imagining herself in her mother's car, being naked, she rubbed her little pussy and pinched her tits making her shiver and come within minutes, flooding her pussy with her juices; then she laid back, pulled the sheets over her and fell asleep naked as she did many nights.
A knock on the door from her mother, woke her up.
"Why is this door locked, Lisa, it's time to get up, are you awake?"
Grabbing her robe, she quickly put it on and answered the door, "Sorry mom, I didn't realize it was locked," she lied.
Her mother blew in the room and opened the blinds, "It's time to get up, I know it's Saturday, but I have some errands I need you to run, "Can you drive to your aunt Jen's, and drop off some books for her, first thing this morning after breakfast?"
"Sure, let me have a shower, get dressed, and grab a bagel, okay?" she said, suddenly aware that if her mother happened to somehow bump her laptop, that the images for the porn site might still be there.
Her mother though was too focused and breezed out of the room as quickly as she came in.
She took a deep breath, "That would have been hard to explain."
Then another thought came into her head. "Maybe the 30 minutes drive out to the country might be just the time to try it, traffic might be lighter, and its early," she got goosebumps just thinking about driving her mom's car in the nude.
Thinking about it even more, she could feel the wetness between her thighs and that her hands were actually shaking.
She grabbed her clothes and considered leaving her bra and panties in her room, but her mother would notice and then she would get the lecture again about them not wanting her to become a slut, and she didn't want to go through that again.
Even though quite often as soon as she left the house, she would take her bra off, she had become quite skilled at doing that without having to take her top off, Mary thought it was very sexy and she agreed.
She often left her panties off and loved the feeling of her smooth naked skin rubbing on the seams of her jeans or the fresh breeze on her pussy on warm days when she wore a dress or a skirt.
After a quick shower, that's all her parents allowed her, because they had told her dozens of times, they didn't want to her to play with herself in the shower, she laughed, "If they only knew."
She put on a light top, shorts, and sandals, she ate a quick toasted bagel with some orange juice and was getting in the car.
Her hands continued to shake a little as she climbed behind the wheel, she took a deep breath and steadied her hands, she waved to her mom and pulled the car out of the driveway.
At the first stop light, she reached up under the top and undid her bra and pulled it out just as the light changed to green. "Step 1," she smiled, feeling her freed nipples rubbing deliciously against the cotton fabric of her top. She laid the bra on the seat beside her. She looked in the mirror and noticed the huge smile on her face, she couldn't stop smiling.
Next, she slipped the sandals off, and drove barefoot.
She was tempted to take something off at each traffic light, but she decided to wait until she approached the edge of town, at the last stoplight before the country, she wiggled out of her shorts and pulled them down her long legs and over her feet. She did one foot at a time so she could still work the gas and brake pedals.
Running a finger up the cleft in her panties, she felt the wetness that was making a dark shape on the white fabric and she shivered.
A horn honked behind her as she realized the light had changed to green. Her heart jumped into her throat and then she started again.
Traffic was very light and as she drove, she managed to get her thumbs under the waist band of her panties and pulled them down to her knees.
Worried about getting into an accident she pulled over onto the shoulder and removed her panties, she saw her wetness glistening in the sunlight and got even more excited. Should she take off her top now?
Her heart was racing, the road was virtually empty, and the seats in the car were relatively low.
Taking a chance with her hands shaking she pulled her top off and put it on the seat.
A car appeared out of nowhere and zoomed past, rocking the car with the slipstream, she almost screamed, she closed her eyes and focused for a moment.
She wished Mary could see her now, her pussy felt like it was dripping.
Taking her phone, she took a selfie to enjoy later on, and then took two more.
Putting her seat belt back on, she felt the shoulder strap push against her skin, the lap belt crossed her hips just above her pussy.
She checked the mirror and pulled out, she was totally naked and she was driving, this was so naughty.
She was so turned on.
With her free hand, she rubbed her nipples and had to force herself not to close her eyes because of the delicious sensations.
Running her fingers along her cunt, using that word, made her feel even more naughty, she knew she was getting the upholstery wet. How could she explain that to her mom?
She didn't care, several cars drove by and no one even noticed her bare shoulders and the tops of her breasts that were visible.
Pulling up to a stop sign, she was lost in her own little sexy world when she noticed some cyclists coming up behind her. The first one pulled up next to her car followed by a second one just as she pulled ahead to make the turn.
He happened to glance at her car just as she pulled away and in that second their eyes locked and she saw the surprise on his face as it registered in his mind, he was looking at a naked woman behind the wheel.
She saw his eyes drop to her tits and he would have had to have been blind not to see how hard her nipples were, she almost came just from that.
The feeling that she had been seen was almost as intoxicating as being naked and now the wetness between her legs only intensified. She knew she just had to stop someplace and masturbate, she felt like she might come just from touching her nipples, but she wanted more.
She found a gravel side road a few miles up the main road and pulled off onto it, finding a quiet spot, she pulled over and immediately began rubbing her little pussy with both hands.
Despite the risk she closed her eyes and as her fingers worked and circled her vagina and hard little clit, she moaned out loud and came hard.
"Holy shit, that was incredible," it had literally only taken her a minute to come.
Slowly composing herself, she noticed the dark wet spot on the upholstery was now huge and wondered again how she might explain that, and about the scent in the car, the scent of one very turned on young woman.
Now that her breathing was coming back to normal, she tried to decide whether to get dressed or take another chance and keep driving naked.
She wanted to leave her clothes off as long as possible, without getting caught. She figured she could save time by tucking her bra and panties beneath the seat and just putting her top and shorts back on when she came to Aunt Jenny's house.
The sensitively of her now red and a little puffy pussy made the decision for her, she felt so naughty, and thinking back to the cyclist, knowing that someone might see her actually turned her on so much more, that there was no way she could not continue to drive naked.
Pulling back onto the gravel road and turning around then getting back onto the main road, she felt so exposed that her knees were actually shaking with excitement.
She was so lost in the experience, she didn't think of the time, and driving with two fingers working her pussy, she lost track of where she was and realized in a shock that she was actually almost at her aunt's house and suddenly, she became aware she had left it too long to get dressed.
Yes, Aunt Jenny had seen her naked and they had talked about sex, but getting caught naked in a car was different. There wasn't anywhere to pull over and now there was a car behind her. She was right at her aunt's house and she had to signal.
Panic stuck her as she saw her aunt wave, Jenny was in her garden, maybe she could quickly park and zip her clothes back on before Jenny saw her. As cool as Jenny was, finding her niece naked with a dark very obvious wet spot on the seat would be something that even Jenny wouldn't understand and might tell her mom about.
The panic only intensified as she realized Jenny was already walking towards the driveway as she realized she was going to be caught, there was nothing she could do, and she was in serious trouble. The funny thing was that her pussy was now absolutely throbbing and her nipples were fully engorged and were the biggest she had ever seen them.
Jenny approached the car; Lisa was her favourite and had always been. She knew the restrictions that her sister put her under as well as her brother-in-law and she had always tried to support Lisa and to cut her some slack. In Jenny's mind, in some deep dark corner, she also knew that her niece was very attractive and on some lonely quiet nights recently now that she was over eighteen, Lisa had been the subject of some of her sexual fantasies.
Jenny thought about the hot tub, the stories that she had told her niece, they really were harmless, and the fact that sometimes they were naked was just fun, wasn't it? Her sister kept Lisa on too tight of a leash, she was almost twenty for god sake; the girl was fantastic, smart, pretty, a good student, and Jenny thought, "damn hot in that little bikini."
The only woman that Jenny had ever actually been naked with was Lisa, all her life she had never been even remotely interested in women, until that first night in the hot tub. Jenny remembered trying to force the image from her mind after that night, and found lately her fantasies would always seem to come back to Lisa.
It had been a spur of the moment thing to go into the change room with Lisa while she tried on that little bikini. Jenny made her promise only to wear it at her house, her sister would have screamed bloody murder had she seen how much of Lisa's chest was exposed, the little triangle of cloth that barely covered her shaved little pussy, and the string that passed for fabric that ran between those two delicious ass cheeks of Lisa's tight butt.
Jenny, had only just barely been able to force herself not to kiss Lisa then and there, as well as each time she had seen her since, and she was afraid those feelings were only becoming stronger.
Now, Lisa was here, she had hoped they might have time for a nice visit, and maybe some other things too. Jenny had no idea if Lisa felt anything towards her, and she didn't want to scare her. Maybe Lisa would give her some kind of sign.
The smile on Jenny's face turned to shock as she saw the bare shoulders of her niece and the look of absolute terror on Lisa's face. Jenny could see Lisa was really scared; it only made her approach the car faster, concerned now that something was really wrong.
The car wasn't even stopped before Jenny's mouth dropped wide open, she saw through the car window, she saw everything: her beautiful niece, smart and caring Lisa, Lisa who was an honour's student, Lisa who was at the top of her class in university, Lisa who everyone was very proud of, Lisa who was sitting in her sisters car, completely naked.
The driver's side window was down and Jenny saw that Lisa was very, very aroused, Jenny's own body reacted before she could comprehend what she was seeing. Jenny could feel a tingling in her own pussy.
Jenny thought she should be shocked, she should be mad, she should be calling her sister; but she felt none of those things, she only knew how attracted to this young woman she felt. She knew it was wrong but that didn't stop her from feeling the way she did.
Lisa looked so scared and embarrassed; she began to cry again and Jenny just said, "Lisa, just relax, I'm not going to tell anyone," Jenny couldn't help but notice how big and hard Lisa's nipples were, see the dark wet spot on the seat, and the sweet fragrance of Lisa's pussy.
"Well, I had asked for a sign," she thought to herself and she had to stifle her smile.
Jenny knew the right thing to do was to get Lisa to get dressed, give her a lecture on how dumb this was, and to consider telling her mother.
All of those things flashed through her mind in less than a second, and then Jenny leaned through the window of the car and took Lisa's head in her hands and kissed her hard on the lips.
Of all of the reactions that she had considered, Lisa never figured on this one, no matter how many times she may have dreamt about Aunt Jenny.
Her aunt's experienced mouth was so different than Mary's, she closed her eyes as Jenny's tongue explored her mouth and lips. She moaned out loud as the kiss continued.
Jenny, stopped, looked at her, and laughed.
"Lisa, what am I supposed to do with you, as your aunt I should be telling you how wrong this is, I should call your mother, and you should be punished," she paused for a second or two and said, "But all I want to do is take you inside to my bedroom and kiss you from your lips to your toes."
She did not expect this, but she was so turned on, to be caught, to be naked, and to have her aunt who she had fantasied about say that she wanted to take her into bed, was just so unexpected and just so incredible."
Taking a chance without even thinking, she said, "If you want to, since I should be punished, will you spank me?"
Actually, saying that out loud, almost made her cum right then and there, she hadn't been spanked since she was a little girl, but the idea of it made her even wetter.
Jenny said, "No one deserves to be spanked more than you, leave your clothes in the car and come with little lady," and she opened the door and took Lisa by the hand. Anyone driving past at that moment would have seen a very sexy older woman, holding hands with a very beautiful younger woman, who was very naked.
Jenny kissed Lisa on the mouth again, in the sunshine, in the middle of her driveway, and not caring if anyone saw them.
She let Jenny pull her into the house, pausing only for a moment for Jenny to kick off her shoes. Jenny led her to a wing chair in her living room and sat down.
"Okay Lisa, across my knee," Jenny said pretending to be angry.
"You were found, naked in your mom's car, obviously you were masturbating, I saw the big wet mark on the upholstery, how are we going to explain that, you naughty girl?" Jenny said.
Her nipples were rock hard and her pussy was so wet and slippery with her juices, she thought she might cum right there, but she leaned over Jenny's lap with her ass up in the air.
Jenny, looked down at the almost perfect teenage ass and lightly ran her fingertips over the pale skin.
She, felt her aunt's touch and closed her eyes, the room was cool but she thought her body was on fire, she felt Jenny's finger tips stroking her ass. Small circles and larger circles, a finger ran up the crack of her ass from her drenched pussy to her rosebud, lingered on her asshole, then up the rest of the way to the start of her ass.
The room echoed with a loud moan that she recognized as her own voice, then "slap" and her ass stung from Jenny's hand. The pain was real and Jenny didn't hold back, "slap, slap, slap," she was one the verge of crying out from the spanking, but then something weird happened, even as the slapping continued and her ass now had several outlines of Jenny's hand quite visible on the now very red skin.
Jenny, could see the results of her spanking, Lisa's ass had several large imprints of her hand on each cheek, and she could hear Lisa crying, but all of a sudden Lisa's body started to go rigid and shake.
"OOOHHH MMMYYY GGGOOODDD." Lisa screamed, "DDDOOONNNTTTT SSSTTTOOOPPP," and Lisa cried in a voice so loud that Jenny thought her neighbours might hear.
Jenny's lap was drenched as Lisa squirted so much liquid that Jenny could not believe it. Jenny could feel Lisa's heart beating from the beginning to the end of the orgasm.
She laid across Jenny's lap, like a rag doll for a few moments, catching her breath while Jenny ran her finger nails along her back, neither of them could have imagined the chain of events that lead them both to this moment, but neither was going to waste them.
She pulled herself up and around so she was sitting facing Jenny on her lap, her long legs around Jenny's waist, and then they kissed. Deep, long, soulful kisses, Jenny could not believe how much pent up sexual energy her niece had, she was like a wild cat.
She pulled Jenny to her feet and began to unbutton her blouse, never breaking their kiss. Her tongue swirled around Jenny's and their lips danced against one another's.
Jenny couldn't wait and ripped the final buttons as she tore off her blouse, she reached behind her aunt's back and deftly undid her bra, much like she had practiced with Mary, allowing Jenny's breasts to become free, she leaned down and took Jenny's nipples into her mouth.
Jenny closed her eyes as Lisa's tongue, lips, and teeth found and circled her nipples. Alternating softly suckling on them she would then lightly bite and pull on them. Jenny inhaled sharply as Lisa's mouth worked magic on her breasts, first one and then the other.
All the while, she used one set of fingers to rub up against her aunt's pussy, first in broad motions, all five digits pressed against the denim of Jenny's crotch, sometimes moving up and down and other times cupping Jenny's pussy and pushing against Jenny's body.
Jenny couldn't believe that she could be so turned on by a woman, much less her teenage niece, but she was and she could feel her knees buckling from the pleasure.
Jenny then felt the fingers changing from broad strokes to more focused strokes as five fingers became one or two as her niece now applied more pressure to the very visible and increasing wet area of her aunt's shorts.
Jenny didn't realize the moans she could hear were her own and then she busily started to undo her shorts. Jenny broke Lisa's kiss only long enough to pull her shorts and soaked panties down her thighs before kissing her again.
She used one foot to push her aunt's panties down her legs, feeling the wetness in the crotch area and smiling. Jenny stepped out of the panties, one leg at a time until she was now as naked as Lisa.
She pushed her aunt back onto the chair and knelt in front of her. Lowering her head to between her aunt's thighs, Jenny could feel her hot breath on her pussy, then then Jenny felt the soft warmth of her tongue on her pussy.
She slowly ran her tongue up the length of Jenny's pussy, then she circled the tip in and around the petals of Jenny's folds. Jenny had only ever had men do this before and very few of them took the time that she was. Eyes closed; Jenny knew this was wrong on so many levels except the one that she felt right now.
Jenny ran her fingernails down her back, leaving long furrows of reddened skin in their wake. She moved her tongue the way she wanted it done to her, making Jenny's body arch, twist and buck in pleasure. She took her time, using her tongue and fingers to make every sense in Jenny's body come alive.
To Jenny, her finger tips seemed to be everywhere, the pressure of her face, of her nose, and most sensually her tongue making Jenny groan and whimper in pleasure.
Jenny felt the waves building, subtly at first, hardly even aware that it was happening. As Lisa's rhythm continued, Jenny become more aware of the force that was building. One of those sets of fingers, found her ass and the added pleasure pushed her further up the wave.
She let her fingers linger between her aunt's cheeks, slowly moving this way and that before moving around her little asshole. Jenny felt those fingers circling and stroking her rosebud. She used Jenny's own wetness to lubricate her fingers and then penetrated that sexy ass.
That moment was too much, the wave broke and Jenny felt her world explode as the she pushed her tongue deeper in Jenny's pussy, there was a scream, she heard her aunt shout, "LLLIIISSSAAA", as loud as she had screamed herself earlier.
Jenny's fingernails left scratches in her skin, and her aunt's thighs tightened around her face, and then Jenny's back arched another time and Jenny came and came.
Several moments passed, Jenny sat on the chair, exhausted, Lisa resting with her head still between Jenny's thighs. She savored the sweet fragrance of her aunt; it had been quite a morning.
The atmosphere was broken after a few minutes when Jenny's phone buzzed, slowly her aunt picked up the phone, "Hello .... Yes, she dropped off the books ... yes, she is still here ... she was just having someone to eat, I mean something to eat ... No, she's no bother ... she quite a girl ... I'm going to get her to help around here if you won't miss her for a while ... okay, bye."
Running her fingers through Lisa's hair, Jenny said, "Okay you naughty girl, have a few hours, let's go to my bed."