I waited patiently, mouth open. Made sure I was available for every drop that you offered me. It was important, I knew, to let you decide where that would be.
Underneath my knees I could feel the slightly uncomfortable friction of a carpet rug made more for standing than kneeling. In some instances, the discomfort would have taken over the experience - I've always been particular about fabrics. But here it only fanned the flames.
Your eyes locked onto mine as the hand that was rubbing your cock, still slick with my wetness, held it out towards me, the speed of rubbing increasing. An offering, and a demand.
A hunger already satiated buzzed through me - tension building from your gaze and gliding down until it dripped from my well-fucked pussy. The beginnings of a new game.
I practiced keeping my eyes open, as long as I could, fighting the protective instinct against the spray I knew was coming. Kept my mouth open, tongue dipping out with its own beckoning. Waited until the spray came.
The first first spurt hit my cheek, and I could feel it dripping down my face, in the path tears usually fall, as the second one took my tongue up on its request for attention. As your cum filled my mouth, and slowed to a trickle, you took your cock and wiped it on my face, leaving the final dribbles as a glistening layer on my skin.
"Good girl", you said. "Time to go to dinner now, let's get dressed."
I began to walk into the bathroom, habit propelling me, until I heard your voice behind me.
"Not so fast. I said, get dressed. Go to the bathroom if you need, brush your hair - but I did not give you permission to wash your face."
I trembled slightly, feeling the hint of a blush rise. Stopped in front of the mirror to examine my face. The momentum of the first spurt had been fast enough that most of it had worked its way off my face, landing on my chest, a drop resting on the top of my still peaked nipple. But a sheen remained where it traveled, and on the other cheek, where my skin had been used for your cleaning. My lips, still puffy from kisses, told an obvious tale of fucking.
I wondered whether the people we saw out would think I had been crying or fucking, or if they would even notice anything. I wondered which of those I was most afraid of - the knowing, or the not knowing.
It didn't really matter either way. The point, after all, was not their participation. You already had all you needed to win this round: my knowledge that they could know. That the evidence of our play was on my face, that the game was by no means complete.
I put on clothes with this in mind. Boots just tall enough to be fun, but practical enough for walking. My light green silk skirt whose slit goes high enough to create opportunity. A cozy sweater with the perfect drape. No bra. I wouldn't be cold, but I also wouldn't be completely covered. Brushed my tangled hair into a low bun, putting my cheeks on display. Added my favorite earrings. Two can play this game.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After a few blocks of walking, we arrived at the restaurant. Our table was outdoors, tucked into a little nook, a heat lamp providing warmth and lighting.
Already feeling the arousal blooming, I knew immediately this location would be a blessing and a curse. Fewer people could see us, but it would be easier for you to tease me. My appetite turned towards anticipation moreso than calories, though I liked the food here, and I appreciated that you never sacrificed quality for games. Hedonism was welcome in every way.
We sat down next to each other, in a move I used to find cringe and now found more sexy than sweet. I mentioned that I wasn't that hungry and you shot a teasing smile at me.
"Not hungry, really? I think there's at least one part of you that's more than a little bit hungry"
As you smirked at me, your hand found its way between my legs, slipping gracefully through the slit in my skirt and landing one finger on my already soaked panties. I felt your touch like a jolt through my system, the bolt of energy it generated contrasting with the lightness and stillness of the touch itself.
Satisfied with my response, your hand went back to parse the menu, as you casually contemplated options. Miso pasta, crudo, roasted veggies, homemade bread. Our waiter arrived, bearing cups and water and specials, and I waited through a speech I normally enjoy hearing with about 25 percent attention. Soon enough, the order was in, and your hand took up its place on the inside of my thigh. Too close for relaxation, and definitely not enough to satisfy.
You turned to me, taking in the extra brightness in my eyes, a giveaway of my arousal state. Leaned in and told me, "Your face looks so beautiful with my come all over it. And your nipples, so ready to play. I wonder what expression your face will be making by the time our appetizers arrive. I bet it's you that will be ready to be eaten .... But too bad. You'll have to wait"
Your hand moved in from its place on my thigh, stopping briefly to graze my underwear before dancing on the skin around it, your fingers finding their way to the edge of my panties and slipping underneath. I couldn't stop myself from responding, a gasp coming out of my mouth as my hips moved towards a feeling I knew was still too far away.
"Careful," you said. "Wouldn't want to give yourself away." But my wants were quickly replacing any sense of shame and I stared you down, defiantly, and said "Maybe I don't mind."
You laughed, not surprised, and took the cue, your fingers exploring more, the tip of one hooking itself inside me, just enough to hint at what was eventually coming. I tilted my hips, rolling them as much as I could in place to chase more feeling, deeper penetration or a graze of my clit, but got only bits of what I wanted before your fingers would pull away, dancing on my pussy but never lingering in one place.
Our food arrived and you politely thanked the waiter, your fingers continuing their dance while I practiced smiling benevolently regardless of the energy dancing through me. As our waiter turned and walked away, you pulled your fingers out of my panties and turned and fed them to me.
"Eat."
I licked myself off of you, vainly relishing my own taste and the power I knew it had over you. I might be the one being teased now, but we both knew you'd have your turn another day.
The food was delicious and I managed to eat enough to satiate a less wild hunger. Knew having more energy would be a good idea for the rest of the evening. Your attention was focused on calories, and the reprieve from your hand's attention woke me up to my own need to eat.
Finally, the plates were cleared and our waiter, who seemed to know to give us space but also not suspect anything too risque, showed back up.
"Any dessert for the two of you today?"
You turned to me, the smirk returning in just a hint on your face, as you asked, seemingly innocently "Are you hungry for some type of dessert today?"
"Oh I think we need some dessert today" I responded.
Turning to the waiter I pointed to the chocolate crumble with yogurt mousse and passion fruit sherbet. "Is this as good as it seems?"
Thankfully, the waiter's face moved into a resounding yes nod. "Yeah, it's one of my favorites. The sherbet is amazing and the flavors and textures balance perfectly."
"Great," I said, "We'll split that! Thanks"
Our task complete and menus given away, I turned back to find you laughing as you asked me "Looking to extend your suffering?"
"Hardly" I responded. "I was thinking more like having the best of both worlds. Delicious flavors melding in my mouth, and your fingers back inside me"
"Well, who am I to ruin such a beautiful plan," you said, moving your hand back down to check in on my pussy again, this time moving my now useless panties aside so I could feel the light breeze of air flitting over me as your fingers worked their way through my folds, caressing each layer as you moved closer towards the center, barely stopping to graze the hood of my clit in the spot you knew I liked the most. The point, after all, was the tease.
With your legs blocking the view of mine from other patrons just enough to create a feeling of safety, I let my legs spread open, making more room for your fingers to play, my face telling the story of your journey as little moans escaped my mouth while I tried to keep our game out of sight.
One tucked its way inside me, crimping up towards my belly till it found the top edge of the walnut textured sponge that by the end of the night would be my pleasure and my undoing. For now, it was just enough touch to hint at what could be, and the angle of the table meant I would have to wait for the real thing. My hips didn't give a shit about the table, and moved up and down, searching, by now, practically starving.
In my haze I saw the waiter approaching with our dessert, and pulled myself back together as much as I could, thanking them politely and quickly.
Your unoccupied hand took a spoonful off the plate and offered it to my mouth while your finger tapped insistently but lightly on my g spot. I let my mouth close around the spoon, licking it clean, savoring the melding of sensations within me. Never one to shy away from gluttony.
The rest of the bites were more efficiently shared, as my look of bliss finally motivated you to end the teasing and move us to a location where you would have more access. The look on your face as you licked my cum off your fingers told me exactly what you wanted.
In quick order, we procured the check, paid, and headed out. The blocks moved quickly, thankfully. My body felt grateful for a little movement to get all the energy that had built up flowing.
Soon we were home, and your hand pulled me swiftly into the living room, the bedroom much too far away. My sweater and skirt were off before I knew it, your hands peeling off the panties that had long since lost any efficacy. Now naked, I found myself being moved towards the round chair you loved: lots of space, and an easy edge to hook a leg over.
Sure enough, that was your move. We have fucked on this chair a million times before but it never gets old. Your hands moved with familiar ease, arranging my legs for maximum access while still making sure it was comfortable for me.
Before your lips moved to graze my nipples, you looked back up at me and said "It was so hot tonight, watching you there with my come still on your face, mouth open trying not to moan too loudly, pussy so wet I could have fucked you in the middle of that dining room while everyone there listened to your voice change tone as you came"
With that, your tongue flitted over one nipple, one hand circling the other, and my throat, finally free to make noise, let out a guttural moan of relief. Your mouth suckled one nipple, nipping it occasionally to feel my body jump in pleasure and the hint of pain, your hand done circling, now twisting the other nipple in your fingers as I lifted my hips as high as I could, practically begging.
"Pleaseeeee" my voice groaned out, overloaded but also wanting more. I felt your laugh as a vibration on my nipple, but the hand on the other nipple moved down, obligingly, taking a slow swoop through my folds, finally landing on the hood of my clit, where it stroked lightly.
My moans grew louder and more plaintive, and your face looked up at me, desperate to move off an edge I had been on all evening.
"Is there something you want from me?" you asked, and I let out a deep breath so I could muster the ability to answer.
"I want your mouth on me. I want your fingers inside me" I said, and a finger that was already there pressed deeper as you asked me. "What do we say when we want something?"
I was beyond caring about dignity. "Please, please put your mouth on my pussy, I need it..." the request trailed into heavy breathin. The pace was already rapid but picked up quickly when your mouth moved down to lick around my clit, two of your fingers already curled into my pussy, rubbing against the spot you could only partially access at the restaurant. When your tongue moved toward the spot on my clit's hood that hits that sweet spot of sensation for me, the combination of fingers and tongue shifted my breathing faster, building it into waves of energy that rose quickly after an evening of teasing.
You weren't quite done with the tease, though. Just as the tone of my moans shifted again, at once shrill and low, pulsing with breath and energy, you pulled your tongue off of my clit and buried it into my pussy, dragging your fingers, covered in my wetness, to circle the little star of my asshole. My throat opened to let out a sound of both desire and frustration, as the combination of the sensations flooded through me at a level just high enough to maintain the energy but not quite enough to tip me over the edge without a change.
The finger that had been circling my asshole pressed in an inch, aided by the slickness of my juices, as your tongue slowly worked its way back to the spot of my clit I craved. My voice cracked as my moans grew louder again, my hips bucking against your mouth and finger, wanting everything that was so close to me. Your other hand joined the parade, filling my now empty pussy with two fingers, curling them to tap against my g spot as my breath transformed into a rolling moan interspersed with squeaks, my body melting into liquid bliss.
Your mouth, knowing I was close to the edge, finally allowed me to get there, shifting finally from its stroking on the hood of my clit to close your mouth over my clit itself, licking it until my senses flew into overload and my body shook with the built up energy from the night, my voice crying out, already raw from moaning but with so much that needed to express.
Your fingers kept tapping against my gspot as my hips rose and fell with the tremors, drawing out the type of orgasm you knew I loved most - a cracking explosion as it opened, and long rolling waves to ride out the wake. Slowly, my body settled and your face moved up from my clit to my mouth with light kisses as your fingers came out of my body, now languid. Your mouth pressed onto mine, lips filling my taste buds with my own cum, as I realized your pants were still on and tried to pull them down with one hand, wanting the only form of closeness our games hadn't yet offered me.
I could feel the hardness of your cock against my body through the fabric, and my goal was motivation enough for you to make quick work of the button and zipper, my hand continually pushing until your pants and boxers fell onto the floor below us.
My leg still hooked over the edge of the sofa, I pulled your mouth against mine with one hand and used the other to guide your cock into my pussy. As your length filled me, eased by the ongoing tremors and wetness still flowing from my pussy, my body rumbled with satisfied pleasure, content to receive, the movement of your cock gently stimulating nerves still flickering with energy.
My hands moved to hold your shoulders close to me, wanting somehow to pull your body inside of me. My legs wrapped around your waist. No escape.
I knew it wouldn't take long - I wasn't the only one turned on by our games, and the sound of your voice groaning told me your own release wasn't far away.
I decided to crank up the energy a bit and moved my mouth away from yours, till I could speak into your ear just loud enough to be heard over your moaning. "I want your cum inside me, coating my pussy. All day I've been thinking of how hot it was to have your cum on my face, how happy I was when you came in my mouth, but now I want your cum dripping out of me, I want you to come so hard and after you finish, I want you to take a photo of me, covered in your cum, completely yours, dripping with you and so satisfied."
This last bit sent your thrusts out of their controlled movements and into a spastic jerking as your voice shook with pleasure. I held my legs tightly around you, making sure every drop stayed inside me until you stopped moving, spent. We stayed there, all cum and sweat, for a few minutes, until you gathered enough energy to remember my final offering.
When I'm feeling hungry, I send you that picture.