Trophy Girlfriend
by Vanessa Evans
Part 1
Cora is gorgeous, everyone but her says so. Twenty one years old, slim, 154cm tall, 34A 24 33 figure, cute little bubble butt, shoulder length blonde hair and an angelic face that is so beautiful that she has had a few offers of modelling jobs for cosmetics companies. But Cora has never been interested modelling, all that she has ever wanted was a cute guy for a boyfriend who she could love, worship and one day have a baby with.
Cora met Caleb one night at a party and she was really happy when he asked her to go on a date with him. Even though he was nearly 10 years older than her their romance blossomed and five months later she moved into his house with him.
Early in their relationship Cora discovered that Caleb preferred her to wear skirts all the time, and the shorter the better. Whenever she wore miniskirts or microskirts their love making was much more intense after they got to somewhere private where they could ravish each other's bodies. Cora quickly picked up on this and soon only wore very short skirts and dresses for their dates, especially as he would help her choose the clothes that he bought for her. She soon realised that she no longer had any trousers or shorts in her wardrobe but that didn't worry her, her man was happy so she was happy.
Cora was also happy that at her office job there was no dress code and the girls there often wore miniskirts so miniskirts at work was not a problem although she sometimes got the odd comment about her pokey nipples because the blouses that she started buying were made of thinner material and she often didn't bother with a bra, especially if she was meeting Caleb..
By the time Cora moved into Caleb's house on the outskirts of a city suburb she had also discovered that Caleb preferred her to not wear underwear as well. The not wearing a bra anytime wasn't much of a loss to her as she had never liked them and didn't need one because her 'A' cup breasts didn't need any support.
The not wearing knickers was a bit more of a challenge for her. With her wearing such short skirts being knickerless worried her as she didn't want to risk inadvertently flashing her shaved pussy, but she'd caught her cute man and she wanted to keep him so she went along with his wishes.
Cora soon discovered that being knickerless wasn't such a big deal. She knew that she must have had accidents and people had seen her shaved pussy but her world hadn't come to an end. In fact Caleb's desire to ravish her body had increased so she decided that going commando was well worth the possible embarrassment if she saw someone looking at her bare pussy.
Early on in their relationship Cora had realised that Caleb was basically a very independent person who didn't include her in some decision making that she would have liked to be involved in but he always made light of any comments that she made, telling her that she'd be happy with things the way that they were, and she was.
Both of them had their nights out with their mates, although Cora only went out with her mates once per week, Caleb was out with his mates 2 or 3 nights a week, albeit some of those night were at the gym toning his 6-pack body, the body that Cora liked so much.
Caleb tried to get Cora to go to the gym with him but she wasn't very keen so he didn't push it. He decided to keep that idea until he thought that she was either starting to lose her gorgeous figure or her resistance waned.
One time when Cora was out with some of her friends one of them told her that Caleb treated her like some sort of trophy girlfriend, just there for him to show her off. This hurt Cora but the more she thought about it the more she realised that it was probably true.
Although Caleb often told Cora that he loved her she had this nagging feeling that her friend was right, there was something that she couldn't put her finger on that was missing from what she had always thought a normal relationship would be like.
Having said all the above, Cora was happy with her life with Caleb, especially when he took her to places where he would take every opportunity to introduce her to all sorts of people. She was happy when he told her that he was showing everyone what a beautiful girlfriend he had and made light of any accidental exposure of her tits or pussy that happened when they were in such company due to Caleb wanting Cora to wear next to nothing and revealing dresses with no underwear.
When they were alone at home Caleb soon had Cora wearing nothing at all, even when she had to go out into the back garden. This worried Cora at first but Caleb soon convinced her that their neighbours weren't at home very often and had no reason to look out of their back bedroom windows during the day.
On sunny days when Cora wasn't working Caleb often phoned Cora from his work and 'suggested' that she sunbathe naked, telling her that an all-over tan made her look even more beautiful.
The house that they live in is fitted with surveillance cameras and when he was out Caleb often monitored what Cora was doing at home and if she was still wearing a clothes he would phone her and remind her that she was supposed to be naked.
During some of those phone calls Cora could hear other men talking and she wondered if Caleb was showing the live feeds from the security system to the men around him. Cora asked him about this one time and Caleb just replied,
"Cora, you have a beautiful body that you should be proud of and not be ashamed to let it be seen by anyone."
Cora didn't press her query any further but she assumed that her suspicions were correct. She wasn't too happy about it but she wasn't about to put their relationship at risk.
Caleb's 'boys' nights out with his close group of male friends weren't always to pubs or clubs, sometimes they were to one of the guy's houses for cards nights or to watch many of the big games on the TV. Caleb had told Cora about these nights soon after their relationship started and it didn't bother her, just so long as he kept taking her out and he was happy for her to go out with her friends whenever he was going out with his friends.
The first time that Cora got concerned about these 'boys' nights was about a month after she had moved in with Caleb. His mates were coming round that Friday evening and none of her mates were available for her to go out with.
"That's okay honey," Caleb said when she gave him her bad news, "you can stay here and be our hostess for the evening, keeping us topped up with beer and snacks. Some of the other guy's girls often act as hostess' for us, they enjoy their man showing them off to his mates."
"Okay, but I hope that you aren't expecting me to me your naked hostess, that you'll be happy for me to wear at least a dress."
"Of course honey. You can wear as much or as little as you want, but it would be nice if you were to let them see that gorgeous all-over tan that is coming along nicely."
Cora just knew that in spite of what he had said, he was expecting her to be their naked hostess.
When the big night arrived Cora put on a dress just before Caleb's mates were due to arrive but the look that Caleb gave her made her very aware that he wasn't happy so she reluctantly took it off, telling him that she was just trying it on to see if it still fit her. She then stood at Caleb's side, totally naked and with a red face when his 3 friends arrived. She was embarrassed, this was very different to the accidental exposures to strangers that she had previously experienced.
Cora was a little surprised when none of the guys seemed surprised that she was naked, in fact one of them said that she looked better than his girlfriend and another accused Caleb of lying, adding that Cora had an amazing body. By then Cora was again wondering if she wasn't the only naked girlfriend to act as a hostess for the 'boys' nights.
After the introductions Caleb asked Cora to get drinks for the guys and it was only after she'd put a couple of beer bottles down on the coffee table that she realised that the guys behind her were able to see her pussy between her butt cheeks as she bent over. When she bent over in front of Caleb he ran a finger along her slit causing her to jump and nearly drop the bottle that she had in her hand.
"Caleb, don't do that, you're embarrassing me." Cora said when she stood up straight.
"Relax honey," Caleb replied, "No one is going to rape you, we're all good friends here."
That reply worried Cora a little and she had a quick flash of an image in her mind of the guys there gang-banging her. She shook her head to get rid of the image, thinking that Caleb would never let anything like that happen to her.
The big game on the TV soon started and Cora was ignored for a lot of the time apart from when the guys wanted more beer or snacks. In fact it got to the stage that Cora was bored and actually wanting some attention from the guys. A couple of times she went and stood in between the TV and the guys and asked them if they needed more beer.
Cora soon realised that she wasn't a priority to all of the guys right then, even though she was totally naked in front of them.
Although Cora had been embarrassed when the guys had arrived, she had also been a bit aroused. She couldn't understand how her pussy had been wet and tingling as Caleb had introduced the guys to her.
It wasn't long before the embarrassment diminished, even disappearing, and the arousal increased. One time when she was stood behind the guys, their concentration on the TV being 100 percent, Cora realised that the fingers on her right hand were actually absent-mindedly toying with her slit and clit. Cora quickly moved her hand away from her pussy wondering what the hell was wrong with her.
The match finally came to an end and the guys got more serious about their drinking and their interest in Cora increased. She quickly noticed this and she was surprised that she didn't get embarrassed, quite the reverse, she was liking the attention that she was getting. Caleb called her over and told her to sit on his knee, which she did, facing the others and careful to keep her knees together.
Cora's sitting there went on for about 30 minutes, only broken by a trip to the kitchen to get some more beers. When she got back to Caleb Cora didn't realise that when she sat on his knee, she was a bit relaxed and didn't clamp her knees together. It was only after Caleb put a hand on her knee and then started stroking her inner thigh that she realised that she had subconsciously set herself up for him to do that.
What's more, Cora was enjoying what Caleb was doing to her.
The conversations went on, even including Cora when the subject wasn't football, and before long Cora realised that the side of Caleb's hand was actually rubbing up and down her slit and she was opening her legs to allow him better access.
"Stop that Caleb," Cora whispered, "one of them might see."
"That's okay Cora, they won't mind. It's not like they haven't seen one of us doing it before."
Cora was confused, but she didn't close her knees. She wondered if the other guys there had groped their naked girlfriends when the guys were watching them. Was it something that happened often?
Caleb continued, in fact his fingers rubbed her clit and penetrated her vagina causing her to get really embarrassed. The last thing that she wanted was to have an orgasm with Caleb's friends watching.
Just as Cora was about to cum Caleb stopped, removed his hand and said,
"Okay guys, it's time for the games to start. Cora, can you go and find something that we can use as a blindfold?"
Cora was now confused as well as still being both highly aroused and embarrassed but she got up and did as requested. Caleb was stood when Cora returned and even more confused when Caleb started putting the blindfold on her.
"At least I don't have to see the faces of the 3 guys." Cora thought, along with, "What the hell's going on here?"
"Okay guys, you know how to play this game, Cora darling, I'm going to lay you flat on your back on the coffee table. Just relax and go with the flow. No one is going to hurt you, in fact you will find it a very enjoyable experience."
Cora just couldn't be any more confused but she went along with his instructions even though she would be naked on her back in front of Caleb's mates.
"Make yourself comfortable Cora. Now just relax, I promise you that it will be very enjoyable."
Cora just lay there with her legs closed. She was still aroused from Caleb's previous administrations but that arousal was sort of in limbo. She both had and hadn't wanted Caleb to make her cum but he'd stopped at the last second, denying her of the orgasm that she'd both wanted and dreaded.
Cora gasped and a hand rested on her stomach.
"Now Cora," Caleb said, "this hand is going to explore your body. When I ask you, I want you to tell me who's hand it is."
Everything was sort of okay until Caleb said that last little bit. She'd assumed that it was Caleb's hand and that he was just going to caress her body and, at worst, continue what he had started earlier and give her the release that her body, not her brain, wanted. She had resigned herself to having an orgasm from Caleb's fingers but at that time at least her pussy was partially hidden because she was sat on his knee. But now she was starting to panic a little bit. She almost prayed that Caleb was just messing around with her head, that it was his hand and not anyone else's. Caleb wouldn't willingly let any other man put his hands on her naked body, would he?
The hand caressed around her stomach in circles. Cora was tense because of the fear that it wasn't Caleb's hand. Slowly that tension decreased as the hand gently moved around. She gasped a little as the hand slowly went over her bald pubes but didn't touch her slit or clit.
The circles went up a little then slowly got bigger until the hand touched the bottom of her tits.
By that time all the tension had gone out of Cora and she was starting to enjoy the feelings. It was a bit like having a massage at the spa that she and her friends had gone to about a year ago, but this hand belonged to a man.
The circles got bigger, taking in her whole breasts and the front of her slit. She'd gasped when the hand slowly moved over her nipples and again when it rubbed over her clit.
All Cora wanted by then was for that hand, that she really did hope that it belonged to Caleb, to move down and rub just little circles around her clit. She became oblivious to her surroundings, imagining that it WAS Caleb's hand and that they were the only ones in the room.
What Cora hadn't realised was that her legs had involuntarily opened wide to give the hand better access to her pussy, but the hand was teasing her by rubbing over her clit then up and over her nipples then back down to her clit. Again and again the hand did the big circle teasing her until she just wanted the hand to finish her off.
Finally, the fingers of the hand invaded her vagina, the thumb rubbing her clit, and the orgasm that had slowly built up inside her right from the front door opening and her meeting Caleb's mates, exploded out of her. She screamed. "YES, YES," as she totally lost control of her body, it shaking and jerking.
The waves of pleasure started to subside and embarrassment started to take over.
"Oh my gawd," Cora thought, "what must these guys think of me, it's a good job that I've got this blindfold on because I never want to see any of them again."
Then after a couple of seconds her thought added.
"I really do hope that that hand was Caleb's."
There was another few seconds silence then Caleb asked,
"So Cora, who do you think that the hand belonged to?"
"You of course Caleb."
"Wrong, no Cora, it wasn't my hand."
Poor Cora was mortified. Someone else's hand had just made her cum in front of the love of her life, not to mention his mates. Cora's face had more heat in it that even her pussy at that moment.
"No Caleb, stop messing with me, that was your hand."
"No it wasn't Cora."
"Seriously, that wasn't you hand Caleb?"
Cora was in denial. She knew that Caleb wouldn't lie to her but she just didn't want to believe it.
"Come on Cora, have a guess."
Cora was stunned. How could Caleb let one of his mates do that to her? But she knew that she would have to say a name. Was it Harry or George or Jack? Cora hadn't a clue but she had to give a name.
"George." Cora quietly replied.
"Wrong." Caleb replied. Then without even a slight pause, "I guess that we'll have to start again and see if you get it right this time Cora."
"WHAT!? Caleb no, you can't be serious, please don't do this to me."
"Cora darling, don't try to tell me that you didn't enjoy that, that was one of the most intense orgasm that I have ever seen you have."
Cora was again mortified. This couldn't be happening to her, but at the same time it was a good orgasm, one of the best she had ever had. She lay there wondering how, or even if she wanted to stop what was happening to her. Before she could come to a conclusion she felt another hand of her bare stomach.
Cora gasped again and suddenly all thoughts of stopping what was happening to her disappeared.
This second hand wasn't as either gentle, or patient, but Cora was still on a bit of a high from her first mystery hand induced orgasm and as the hand went down to her pussy Cora realised that her legs were still wide apart. Or had she closed them after the orgasm and then opened them again for this second hand. Cora just didn't know and she rapidly wasn't caring.
Her second orgasm wasn't as intense but never-the-less, was good, in spite of the circumstances.
As it subsided Cora again heard Caleb ask her who the hand belonged to, but this time Cora was both hoping that she got it right and hoping that she got it wrong. As she waited for Caleb to tell her she again wondered what was wrong with her, she was half hoping that another of the guys would do the same to her.
Cora always knew that she liked long sex sessions and liked it when Caleb made her cum multiple times during their love making, but this was different and she was starting to realise that she was enjoying it. She wanted to kill Caleb for doing this to her but at the same time she wanted it to continue and culminate in Caleb fucking her brains out.
"Harry." Cora finally answered, but this time she was hoping that she was wrong.
"Wrong." Caleb replied, "oh well, I guess that we'll have to have another go."
Cora didn't get the chance to decide if she wanted it or not because another hand was immediately on her bare stomach.
This third hand wasn't much for the preliminaries and after tweaking her nipples a couple of times it went to her clit. The hand's owner obviously liked playing with clits because it concentrated on that part of her anatomy and again it didn't take long for Cora to feel that wonderful feeling of an orgasm building and then arriving.
This time though, as soon as Cora's orgasm hit her, the hand's fingers started finger-fucking her. Rapid thrusts and withdrawals kept the orgasm going on and on. Cora was sweating long before the fingers finally stopped and withdrew leaving Cara to slowly come down from her elongated high.
Totally exhausted, Cora finally said,
"Jack."
"Wrong my darling." Caleb replied. Then added, "Would you like a rest before we go on to the round 2 of the game?"
Cora knew that she should have exploded at Caleb for putting her in this position but all she could manage was a quiet,
"Yes please."
Caleb pulled Cora up into a sitting position, Cora not even thinking about closing her legs. When Caleb took the blindfold off Cora she opened her eyes and saw the 3 guys sitting on the sofa at her feet. All 6 eyes were glued to her still pulsating, spread pussy.
Cora should have closed her legs but she didn't, she just didn't care. Also, she was sort of liked them looking at her pussy.
Caleb returned with a glass of water which Cora downed quite quickly then asked for a vodka which too disappeared quite quickly.
"Ready for round 2 Cora?" Caleb asked.
"What's round 2?" Cora asked but didn't get an answer.
Instead she felt the blindfold going back on then Caleb's hands gently pressing her back into the laying position, Cora not even thinking about her still spread legs.
"Same as before darling, let it happen then guess who."
Cora couldn't decide if it was going to be more of the same, or if they were actually going to fuck her. She knew that she should object but she was still enjoying the afterglow of the first round so she just lay there waiting, half expecting to feel a cock pressing into her vagina.
Cora felt hands spread her legs even wider and she braced herself for the impending cock to enter her. However, she got a bit of a shock when instead of feeling denim or hairy thighs on the insides of her thighs, she felt face stubble right at the top close to her pussy.
"Oh fuck." Cora said as a tongue slid up one side of her vulva.
"Oh my gawd." Were Cora's next words, then
"Oh, oh, oh." As the tongue flicked her clit.
Cora quickly established that the guy who's head was between her legs liked to eat pussy and was good at it, as good as Caleb. Could it be Caleb? Cora tried to look for, sorry, feel the things that Caleb did to her but her brain just wasn't working properly.
As the tongue went in and out of her vaginal entrance, licked up and down her slit and flicked, chewed and sucked her clit, Cora just couldn't think straight, all her brain could do was concentrate on the orgasm that was about to explode inside her.
And explode it did. Her hips went up off the table then her whole body started jerking. It was a good job that whoever the tongue belonged to was holding onto her thighs other wise she would have ended up on the floor.
Finally the waves receded leaving Cora with just gentle, little waves of after-shock to jolt her body more times.
"Who was that Cora?" Caleb asked.
"Well if that wasn't you Caleb, you have some serious competition."
Cora heard all 4 guys laugh a little then Caleb asked,
"So was that me who just made you cum Cora or one of the others?"
"Yes Caleb, it must have been you."
"Wrong." Caleb replied, "I guess we'll just have to have another go. You're not very good at this guessing game are you Cora?"
Cora was confused, was there really some one else who was as good as Caleb at eating pussy? There must be, and Cora was looking forward to it being Caleb's turn. But then she realised that only 3 hands had made her cum but there were 4 guys there. Who had missed out on the hand job and was that the mouth of the fourth guy? Was Caleb telling a lie and that was him who had just eaten her pussy?
Well Cora didn't get the chance to think about the answers to her unspoken questions, she felt more face stubble on the inside of her thighs and just knew that her pussy was about to be eaten again.
This time the tongue wasn't as capable as the first one, good, but not as good. Even though she had just been brought to an awesome orgasm only minutes ago, she knew that this guy was going to take longer for her to reach her climax. But reach it she did, again loudly announcing that she was about to, and then actually cumming.
There was no way that it was Caleb that had just made her cum, the tongue just wasn't as effective as Caleb's is so when Caleb asked her who's tongue it was she replied,
"Harry."
"Wrong." Caleb replied. "Cora honey, you've guessed wrong every time so far, I'm starting to think that maybe you are enjoying the game so much that you are deliberately guessing wrong so that you can have another go."
"No, no, I'm trying but I just can't tell with this bloody blindfold on."
"Well Cora, you have one more chance to get it right. We are only going to play the first 2 rounds tonight because this is your first time playing this game. The next time that you play it will be 3 rounds. Now darling, keep those legs spread as wide as you can and brace yourself for your last chance to win."
Cora was now more confused than before. She had been masturbated by 3 hands but there were 4 guys there. A third guy was starting to eat her pussy and he was to be the last. Why not all 4? A third round of the game? What would that be? Caleb couldn't possibly let his mates actually fuck her, and in front of the others, could he? If the third round wasn't actual fucking then what the hell was it? And what was the prize for guessing correctly? If fucking was round 3 the prize couldn't be the lucky guy fucking her.
Poor Cora was very confused, but she couldn't concentrate on working out the answers because the tongue on her pussy was making good progress at making her cum. Her body was more than willing to cum again but her brain was confused. This sort of thing wasn't supposed to be happening, not to her, a respectable girl with a respectable boyfriend, but here she was with a third tongue of the evening about to make her cum.
Soon the pleasure that the tongue was giving her pussy made it impossible for her to think about the situation and her brain gave way to the pleasure in her pussy and shortly afterwards she reached her sixth climax of the evening. Even after Cora and Caleb's torrid sex marathons 6 was a lot during one session and as the waves of pleasure receded Cora realised that she was drained. She just lay there, her legs still far apart.
Caleb recognised Cora's state and let her have a couple of minutes rest before asking her which of the guys had just made her cum.
"Peter." Cora replied.
"Who the fuck is Peter?" Caleb asked.
"What? Err no, I don't know any Peters, George."
"Wrong." Caleb replied. "Well Cora, since you look totally knackered we'd better call it a night. Maybe we'll have a round 3 the next time, and maybe you'll guess 1 right name. Come on guys, your taxi will be waiting for you. Say goodnight Cora."
"Goodnight Cora." All 3 guys said as the got up to leave.
As they walked passed Cora the first 2 to pass her reached down and tweaked one of her nipples as they gave her a few words of praise for being such a good sport. The third guy ran a finger along her spread slit causing her to moan as he triggered a little mini orgasm in her. Cora thought she heard him say,
"I'm looking forward to fucking that."
A few minutes later Caleb retuned to Cora, took the blindfold off her and asked her if she was okay.
"I don't know, I'm confused but all I want to do right now is sleep, can you carry me up to bed please?"
Caleb did carry her up but it was a good 30 minutes before Cora got to sleep because Caleb wanted to fuck her. In spite of her lack of energy, Cora had had 6 orgasms but not one cock inside her, and she wanted one.
Cora was too tired to participate as much as she usually did but Caleb did his best to make it a memorable fuck and he did managed to make her cum one final time before she fell asleep with Caleb's cock still inside her.
*****
SATURDAY
Cora woke with her brain working overtime. She still had a lot of unanswered questions and thoughts about the previous evening. Although she had really enjoyed cumming so many times it was all wrong, it should never have happened, but it had and she couldn't deny enjoying it.
Then the specific questions came flooding back.
"Had one of the hands or mouths been Caleb's?"
"Would round 3 have been actual fucking her?"
"What would have been her prize for guessing a name correctly?"
"Did she want it to happen again?"
"Was Caleb going to make her play the game again?"
"Was Caleb going to let his mates fuck her?"
"Did she want Caleb's mates to fuck her?"
"Why hadn't Caleb taken his turn making her cum?"
"Was she really thinking that she'd enjoyed the experience?"
Before Cora could think of any more questions she felt a hand move to over her chest and started playing with her tits as Caleb said,
"Morning gorgeous, how are you feeling?"
"Confused Caleb. Last night did I guess any of the names correctly, or were you just saying that I got it wrong just so that someone else could make me cum?"
The truth was that Cora was never going to be told that she had guessed correctly even if she had, none of the girlfriends had ever been told that they'd guessed correctly, the guys just wanted to have their fun with the girls, making them cum multiple times each night.
"Well my darling, that is something that you will never know. You know that I love you don't you?"
"Yes Caleb, and I love you too but why did you make me play that game? It was so wrong, other couples don't do things like that."
"How do you know that other couples don't play games like that, just because people don't talk about it doesn't mean that it doesn't happen."
"Fair point."
"But you did enjoy it didn't you Cora?"
"No, well yes, but your friends all made me cum."
"Would you rather that it was strangers Cora?"
"No, I don't know, maybe it would be better if it was strangers because I would never have to see them again. I don't know if I can face your mates again, they must be thinking that I'm some sort of slut."
"I can guarantee that they are not thinking that, they all believe that you are a normal, healthy, beautiful girl who likes to have some uninhibited fun and they all believe that there is absolutely nothing wrong with that."
"So do you and your mates do the same to their girlfriends?"
"Of course, we only date girls who like to enjoy life. I knew that you love things like that during our first fuck, down that alleyway and you didn't try to cover yourself when those drunks walked by."
"Yes, I will always remember our first fuck, you stripped me naked and those guys stared at me with my little tits wobbling with each of your thrusts."
"The fact that you didn't freak out told me a lot about you Cora."
"Are you sure that I wasn't just too drunk to realise that they were there."
"Oh you realised Cora, you came almost as soon as you saw them."
"Last night." Cora started to say but Caleb interrupted,
"I organised that for you because I knew that you would love it, and don't you dare deny it. As for my mates girlfriends, I'm not going to answer that, let's just say that they are happy. When you meet them you can ask them."
Cora couldn't deny that she'd enjoyed the evening and assumed that the other 3 guy's girlfriends did the same for them.
"So how many times did YOU make me cum yesterday Caleb?" Cora asked trying to find out more information.
"Twice." Caleb replied as his hand moved down from her right nipple to her pussy, Cora automatically spreading her legs to give him access.
Cora was a bit relieved that 2 of her orgasms were induced by her boyfriend, until Caleb continued,
"Once before we got up in the morning and then again when I carried you to bed."
"Well at least I now know that it was the 3 mates that had brought her off twice each." Cora thought.
"Those 3 guys went home with a case of blue balls but their girlfriends would take care of that for them."
Cora smiled at that comment and was starting to feel more happy with everything that had happened, even if she didn't have answers to all her questions. Or maybe it was because Caleb's fingers were raising her arousal level at that moment.
Cora rolled on top of Caleb and pulled her knees up beside Caleb's waist.
"Like this or reverse?" Cora asked.
"Reverse." Caleb replied.
Cora got up, turned around then went down on her knees either side of his and impaled herself on his cock.
As she went up and down Cora leant back and Caleb grabbed her tits.
It was a long, slow fuck but very satisfying for both of them.
Once they had both cum Cora lay back with her back on Caleb's chest. Waiting for his cock to go soft and slip out of her Cora asked what was planned for the day.
"We're going to town to buy you a new dress."
"Any special reason or do you just want to make me happy, not that I'm not happy, I love every second that I'm with you."
"Next weekend I'm taking you to a Summer Ball and I want you to be dressed in a way that everyone can see that I have a girlfriend with an amazing body."
"You're not planning to get me naked at a Summer Ball with hundreds of people there are you Caleb?"
"As much as I would like to, no, I just want you in the perfect dress. I have in mind what I want and we are going to look for it."
"It sounds like you should just get some latex paint and cover me from neck to ankles."
"No Cora, that's for your Halloween outfit."
"You're going to take me to Halloween party wearing just paint!? Oh my gawd Caleb, what have I got myself into?"
"No Cora, not just paint, I'm going to get you a butt plug with a tail and you'll be going as Cat Woman."
"Oh, that makes it a lot less embarrassing." Cora replied sarcastically. "Everyone will be able to see my clit."
"Yes, and it will be sticking out quite proudly because I'll keep giving it a flick. I might even forget to paint your pussy so that it is easily noticeable."
"Are you deliberately trying to embarrass me Caleb?"
"No, just show your amazing body to everyone, let them know that I am proud of you, and you should be proud of your body Cora, it's totally amazing."
"I am proud of it and it's all yours Caleb, are you ready for another fuck?"
"Not now Cora, we need to get into town, the dress I want for you might be difficult to find."
"Well if we can't find it and you tell me what it's like I might be able to make it."
"It is quite basic, but we'll see what we can find."
Suspecting that she would be getting dressed and undressed quite often, Cora wore just a strapless summer dress that is only held up by the elasticated top.
It took 3 shops before they found even one dress that was vaguely like what Caleb imagined but it gave Cora an idea of what Caleb was looking for and Cora was a little concerned. If her suspicions were right she would be accidentally flashing her tits and pussy quite a lot. However, Cora didn't want to disappoint her boyfriend so they kept looking and it took 4 more shops before they found a dress almost like Caleb wanted.
It may have taken 7 shops and Cora getting naked in each of those shops but Caleb was just about happy. However, Cora wasn't too happy, her suspicions were confirmed, especially when Caleb told her what 'minor' modifications he wanted her to make to the dress. She just hoped that she wouldn't have to move around much at the Summer Ball.
*****
The following day Cora set about making the modifications that Caleb wanted then put the dress on and called for Caleb. When he got to her Cora said,
"Seriously Caleb, you want me to wear this to a Summer Ball? Look at it, it's sleeveless, the split in the middle of the skirt part at the front comes right up to my pubic bone, it's open sided from the floor right up to my armpits and the 'V' necks go right down to my belly button at the front and down to the crack of my butt at the back. My tits are covered by material that is less than 10 cm wide where my nipples are and the material is so thin that it hugs my nipples, when it's actually covering them. It's a good job that it's black, at least it isn't see-through but all it will take for the top to fall to my waist is a gentle push of the shoulder straps. It's a good job that it has this white rope round my waist that will at least keep it in place when I'm just standing."
"Stand still Cora." Caleb ordered.
She did.
"See, your tits and pussy are covered, what's the problem?"
Keeping her lower half motionless, Cora turned her upper torso to the right, then to the left, then back straight ahead.
"See." Cora said looking down at her chest, "both my tits are out."
Before Caleb could answer Cora walked to the other side of the room and back. As she walked Caleb could see her pussy as the sides of the skirt parted and floated behind her. Standing in front of Caleb Cora said,
"And you want me to wear this in public, I'll get arrested."
"No you won't Cora, it's perfect, just what I wanted. You did a great job with the modifications."
"But everyone there will see my tits and pussy."
"Possibly, but that will be by accidents, you won't be deliberately flashing them."
"Even so."
"Cora, I can guarantee that no one there will complain, well maybe a few older women who will be jealous of your amazing body, but they aren't worth listening to. As for the men there, every one of them will be super jealous of me, they'll love staring at you, and me seeing them long to get their hands on you will make me super horny."
"But."
"But nothing, it's perfect, you're perfect Cora."
Caleb moved closer to Cora, put his hands on her shoulders and pushed the material on her shoulders out causing the dress to drop to her waist, then he pulled on the ends of the cotton rope and the whole dress dropped to the floor. Caleb kissed her and carried her to the bed where they made long, passionate love.
*****
The following Friday evening Caleb was out with his mates and Cora was out with some of hers. Cora wondered if Caleb and his friends were out drinking or at one of their houses playing the same game that they'd played at Caleb's house, and if they were playing round 3, and if Caleb was fucking one of his mates girlfriend.
After the girls had been drinking for a while one of them asked Cora if she was okay, telling her that she looked pre-occupied. For the next 10 minutes Cora told all of them everything that had happened the previous Friday evening.
All but one of them were jealous and wished that it had been them. The one that didn't say she was jealous, Wendy, told Cora that what was happening to her was candualism, that Caleb was just using her for his own gratification, getting off by strangers seeing her naked. She continued say that it wasn't normal for a man to want to display his girlfriend naked and let other men have sexual relations with her.
Wendy was immediately verbally attacked by the other girls who rallied to Cora's defence, two of them telling Wendy that she shouldn't knock it until she'd tried it and that they'd happily swap places with Cora.
Then Cora told them about the dress that she would be wearing to the Summer Ball the following night.
Wendy again had her say,
"That's disgusting, I told you that it was candualism, you should wear a proper dress, one that covers you properly, and you should wear proper underwear. It just proves my previous point that he is using you for his, and other men's, pleasure."
Again, Wendy was verbally attacked by the other girls and by the time they had finished with her, and Cora had got more jealousy comments, Cora was a lot happier. So what if Caleb was showing her off for his pleasure? It made him happy and therefore her happy, besides Cora was starting to like other men seeing her naked, playing with her body and making her cum. And on top of all that, most of her friends were a bit jealous of her, they too sounded like they would like their boyfriends to show their naked bodies.
Cora was starting to think that the games that Caleb and his mates played with their girlfriends wasn't as abnormal as she had first thought, maybe there were thousands of couples around the country doing the same thing but managing to keep quiet about it.
When Caleb arrived home Cora was already asleep in bed, but not for long. Cora woke to the feeling of Caleb's cock penetrating her vagina.
"Hmm, that's nice." Cora said when she was wide awake.
What followed was another passionate love making session which took what was on Cora's mind right out of her head.
*****