I arrived at the pub called High Stakes a few minutes early and found a table. Neither Megan nor I had ever been here, so this would be a new experience for both of us. I found an empty table in view of the door and sat down to wait for Megan to arrive. A barmaid came by a few minutes later and I ordered a Margarita and let her know that I was expected a friend to join me in a few minutes.
Tonight was ladies night out. Steve was off with a few friends from work, and, as I often do on these nights, I met with Megan for a couple of drinks and some serious girl talk. I was excited to be meeting with her tonight, I'd been shopping over the weekend and I wanted to tell her of a few of my great finds, and especially about the new bikini I'd bought. It was fairly naughty, but I thought I'd surprise Steve with it the first chance I got.
I was looking around the bar, people watching to kill the time until Megan arrived, when I noticed a dark complexioned man, possibly Greek or Turkish, with jet black hair and strikingly dark eyes. When I first noticed him, I somehow had the idea that he'd been watching me for awhile. Our eyes locked for a moment, and he raised his eyebrows and smiled.
I dropped my eyes then, but not quickly enough, apparently, because the man got up from his seat and was walking directly towards my table. Not wanting to encourage the stranger, I kept my eyes averted, or tried to, but I found myself being drawn back to those strikingly beautiful eyes.
The stranger pulled out the chair directly across from me and began to sit down as he asked, "Is this seat taken?" He seemed unconcerned with what my answer might be. I tried to protest, telling him that I was meeting a friend tonight, but he quieted me with, "Well then, that is my loss, for I shall be deprived of your company all too soon. But what is the harm then? We can talk until your very fortunate friend arrives, can we not?"
I smiled nervously at that, not exactly sure how to respond, and decided to just let it go. After all, Megan would be here in a few minutes, and this stranger would be on his way.
The stranger made a quick gesture in the air that I did not understand, but a few minutes later a barmaid arrived with two drinks on a tray. One was a Margarita, and the other was whatever he was drinking. I looked down at my drink and found that it was a little over half empty.
"My name's Alec, by the way," he offered, holding out his hand. "Stefanie," I replied and reached out to shake his hand. But as soon as he had my hand in his, he drew it to his lips and kissed the back of it, much to my surprise." I was not sure whether he intended to be chivalrous or forward, but either way, his action made me nervous and I withdrew my hand as quickly as I could.
I looked at my watch then and realized that Megan was a half hour late and excused myself to send her a text message.
"I'm at High Stakes, where are you?" I texted.
As soon as I looked up from my iPhone, Alec chimed in with, "Listen, a few friends and I are arranging a poker game here tonight. You and your friend are welcome to join us if you'd like.
I was about to decline his offer when my phone beeped and Megan's response was on the screen. "Is that tonight? I thought it was tomorrow. Sorry, can't make it tonight."
"Well, that's that!" I thought to myself, "Girl's Night Out will be ending a little early tonight." But I guess Alec figured out what the texting was about, or maybe he noticed the look of disappointment on my face, because he asked, "Aww, your friend can't make it? Well, you're still invited to join us if you'd like. The game will be starting in about a half hour, and you can meet the other players in the meantime." It all sounded so reasonable, so low key. If not for the fact that I didn't play poker, I might even have accepted.
"But," I hesitated, "I don't know how to play poker. I'm afraid I wouldn't be much fun for your friends." But the gleam in Alec's eye seemed to say he thought I'd be plenty of fun for him and his friends. But I paid that look no attention.
"Oh, don't worry about that, Stefanie." He assured me, "Poker can be picked up in five minutes, and we never play a serious game. It's just for fun." He winked at me. "Look, you tell me what your limit is, and I'll make sure you don't lose more than that. Okay? And, who knows, beginner's luck could be on your side and you'll end up being the winner tonight.
"Well, I don't know," I said, but then I looked at those striking eyes again and his smile that seemed to say it would all be all right, and came to a decision. "Oh, what the heck! At least it's better than going home to an empty house."
And Alec reached out and patted my hand, "That's my girl! Come on, I'll introduce you to the other players.
As I stood up to follow Alec to his table, I reached for my drink and found that the first was empty and I'd started on the second without even realizing it. "Careful," I said to myself, "Women who drink too much in bars can find themselves in a lot of trouble when in the company of strangers." Sure, I knew that, and I made a mental note that this would be my last drink for the evening.
As we walked across the pub, I noticed three men at the table we were walking toward. Perhaps these were to be my poker companions for the evening. I quipped to myself, almost as if I were a single woman on the prowl, "Not bad Stef, you could certainly do worse for yourself in the company department." And it was true. As we drew near, the three men stood to be introduced and to greet me. They all seemed to be a fine group of gentlemen, and I began to feel more at ease.
First there was Rocco. He was about 5'6" and slightly stocky and maybe 40 years old. Then there was Jason, tall, probably over 6'5" and a very handsome black man. Finally there was a German gentleman that Alec introduced simply as Ev. Ev was about 6' and looked like he must work out some. All four men were dressed as if they were businessmen ready for an evening of leisure and entertainment. I guessed that they might even be all employed by the same business concern.
We sat and chatted for awhile, during which time the others learned that this would be my first experience playing poker. There were a few amiable sounding laughs at that, but Alec spoke up and informed his friends that he was duty bound to protect me from losing too much. It was only fair he said, since this was my first time playing after all, and the others all agreed.
Then, Ev broke out a deck of cards and began to talk about the basics of poker. He started by talking about what made a good and bad poker hand. How two pair beat one pair and that three of a kind beat two pair, and so on. Once I had the basic hands down, he began to explain how 5-card stud and 5-card draw ere played. He explained that these were the only 2 games they played with the exception of 7-card stud, which was a simple extension of the five card version. We even played a few trial hands, betting toothpicks rather than money, so I could get a feel for how things might go in a real game.
Finally, it was time for the real game to start. Alec ordered drinks all around, but I refused, staying with my limit of two drinks so I would be able to keep my head about me amid all this testosterone.
Alec explained the betting limit which the players all accepted as a means of limiting any player's losses. After all, this was intended to be a friendly and social game. Nobody was out to hurt anyone; the intent of the game was to simply have a good time with friends.
Then, we cut the deck for high card and Jason, who was seated directly to my left, won the cut and the right to deal first. He announced the game as 5-card stud and reminded all players to ante up. After we each had thrown a chip in, he dealt out a face-down and face-up card to each of us. Alec had the high card showing and so, was able to make the first bet. I had a low card in the hole, but a matching card showing, so I started with a hidden pair. Once Alec had bet, Ev and Rocco called, and so did I. Finally, Jason called the bet as well and then dealt another face up card. Betting went around the table again, and this time I made a modest raise to the bet, which everyone else called. Jason made the comment, "The lady must be hiding a pair, or, she's looking to lose her money right from the start. Amid the inevitable chuckles, I did my best to keep a straight face and said nothing.
The last card dealt for that hand gave me a three of a kind, adding to my hidden pair. When it was my turn to bet, I raised the maximum. Everyone called, except Rocco, who raised my raise. "Let's see if she's got what it takes, guys!" He said with a laugh. I raised the maximum again and ended up winning the hand, along with a lot of chips!
As I showed my cards and claimed my chips I was ecstatic! I couldn't help noticing the glances around the table. I guess they were realizing that the "Little Lady" was not to be reckoned with after all.
Of the next four hands, I won one big hand and a smaller one, and lost two, but neither was a significant loss. I was beginning to amass a fairly large pile of chips in front of me and had to admit, I was really enjoying myself tonight.
I took a small swallow of my drink and noticed for the first time that I was feeling fairly tipsy. Unfortunately, it was not until I thought back on the evening's events that I realized that someone, probably Jason, had been refilling my drink while my attention was elsewhere. I suspected this because I ended up a lot more drunk than I should have with just the two drinks I was aware of.
At this point, Ev, who had been losing fairly steadily and was now down to only a few chips, had a suggestion. "Hey fellas," he began, giving me a sly wink, "How about we change the rules for the evening? Let's be done with the limits and say that from now on, you can bet anything you brought with you tonight. It's either that, or I'll have to retire soon." I saw that Rocco and Jason began to nod their agreement almost immediately, and then added their voices as well. That is, until Alec silenced them by reminding them of his promise to me. His voice was very sincere, and everyone else at the table seemed really disappointed, but had to agree. A promise was a promise, after all.
But then, emboldened by the alcohol I'd consumed, not to mention the pile of chips I had in front of me, I suggested that we go along with Ev's suggestion so he could continue playing. And then, Jason leaned toward me and whispered something in my ear behind a conspiratorially cupped hand. "That's an excellent suggestion Jason!" I said with magnanimity, "Let's institute another rule. No one is allowed to leave the table until the evening is over unless they have lost everything!"
"Everything?" Alec asked.
"Everything!" I replied. The men looked from one to another, and after a few shrugs, began to agree to the new rule.
And that is where my luck began to change. Call it bad karma or the (bad) luck of the draw, but from then on my luck went downhill, from bad to worse. In only a half hour I'd gone from Queen of The Hill to the night's biggest loser. On one particular hand of 5-card draw, out of desperation I'd chanced, successfully, a one card draw trying to turn two pair into a full house and put the last of my money into the pot as my opening bet after the draw. I knew I would win this hand, if only no one raised me. It was not to be though. Alec raised my bet, and I was forced to throw my hand in, as I had nothing left to bet.
Alec fixed me with his eyes and demanded, "Stefanie! What are you doing?"
"Well," I tried to explain, suddenly feeling very small, "I have no money left to bet with, I can't even call your raise, so I guess I'll be leaving now." After being so high, it was hard being brought down so low, and so quickly. I didn't want to lose this hand, and I knew I could win it if I only had something to bet with.
"Nonsense!" Alec exclaimed. "By your very own rule, no one is allowed to leave the table unless they have lost everything. Have you lost everything Stefanie?" Alec was no longer gazing into my eyes. Now he was glaring pointedly at my blouse. My right hand went to the top of my blouse as if I was trying to prevent Alec from taking it off me, but Alec hadn't even moved. Still, a fear was beginning to grow within me that this game had gotten out of control; that I might be in this game more deeply than I wanted to be.
By now, all four men around the table were staring at me, wanting to know what I would do, but content to let Alec drive things, which he did by saying, "Oh, you don't have to bet your blouse Stefanie, you could just bet your shoes if you would be more comfortable with that."
I thought about that for a minute, and decided that my full house had to be a sure winning hand, so even if I bet my shoes, which I'd paid a pretty penny for, by the way, I'd be getting them back just as soon as I'd won the pot. I took a deep breath, shaking a little, "Okay, I'll call your bet with my shoes..." But Alec was shaking his head disapprovingly. Not good enough Stefanie. You'll need to take your shoes off and put them on the table for it to be a legitimate bet. That's the way poker is played."
Alec gazed at me then, his eyes almost hypnotic. Slowly, I nodded. Alec had won. With fingers that quivered, I bent down and unlatched my shoes, slid them off me feet, and placed them on the table. "Okay, better?" I asked, a little annoyed, and then went on without waiting for an answer, "I call you bet, and I raise..." But again, there was the disapproving shake of the head, but this time it came from all four heads around the table.
But again, it was Alec that spoke, "Your shoes will suffice to calmly bet, but if you wish to raise, I'm afraid you'll have to contribute something else. I think your pantyhose would be a sufficient raise. Don't you?"
I sighed. Sure, I could settle with just calling Alec's bet, but I wanted to get as much cash back with this one hand as possible. I didn't want to find myself in the position of having to bet clothing again. I pushed my chair back, every eye on me from the poker table, and not a few from tables nearby, as they all wanted to see what the girl who'd had a little too much to drink would do. Unfortunately, there was no modest way to do this, so I opted to do it as quickly as possible and have it over with. I raised my skirt nearly to the waist and hooked my thumbs under the band of my pantyhose at either hip, and then, as quickly as I could, began to roll the hose over my hips and down my legs.
Unfortunately, during the first part of this process, everyone in the bar could see my panties, and my cheeks took on a warm flush, only not from alcohol, but from humiliation. Once the pantyhose were down to my knees I sat back down and slid them fairly easily off my legs and tossed them onto the poker table, into the pot. "Okay," I said, looking around the bar to see who was watching, and seeing if I could spot the few people who whistled when the pantyhose came off my legs, "Called and raised!"
Jason and Rocco folded on my raise, but Alec raised my bet again, which caused Ev to fold as well. When Alec raised my bet, I guess my jaw kind of dropped open. I couldn't believe that Alec would do this to me. Only a short time earlier, Alec had pledged to not let me lose more than I was comfortable with. Now he was betting against me when my clothes were at stake.
I guess the alcohol had clouded my judgment a little, or maybe more than a little, but there was an element of pride involved as well. I knew I had the winning hand, and I wasn't going to let him do this to me, especially not after going back on his promise.
"So, Stefanie," Alec said calmly, his eyes evaluating my every move, "Do you wish to call my bet?"
"No," I answered him with conviction; I will raise you, because I know I have the winning hand."
Alec continued to gaze at me with those bewitching eyes of his as he said, "Well, we shall see, I suppose.
Maybe it's not what he meant, but since I would refuse to back down, I supposed that Alec would see, along with the rest of the bar, because as long as he continued to raise, I would be force to remove my clothing, one piece at a time, until I was left naked.
Before I stood up, I took another swallow of my Margarita, and then began to unbutton my blouse. But then, Alec stood up and stepped around the table to stand in front of me. "No," he said, "Allow me." And with no hesitation at all he reached for the buttons of my blouse, brushing my hands away, and began to slowly undo the buttons, one at a time. His eyes locked with mine and I found it impossible to tear my eyes away from his, much less protest what he was doing. As he undid the buttons, his hands brushed against my breasts. It may have been intentional, or it may have been simply that my chest was heaving as I gasped for air. I wanted to stop him, wanted to call this whole crazy thing off, but I couldn't even speak.
When he finished with the buttons, Alec slid his hands under the blouse at my shoulders and slid it down my arms and held on to it to keep it from falling on the floor. I could feel that my eyes were wide, so wide I must have looked like a frightened doe. And like a deer caught in a driver's headlights, I felt completely paralyzed, out of control of the situation.
Alec didn't even ask what piece of clothing I would be removing next, he just leaned toward my ear as he reached behind my back to unfasten my bra and whispered, "You're doing just fine Stefanie. Now, just let this happen, okay?" And he kept assuring me, "You'll be just fine."
I felt a whimper forming in my throat as he unfastened my bra, and all on its own, the whimper broke free of my throat as he slid the bra straps off of my shoulders and my bra was no longer covering me, but in Alec's hand.
Dumbly, I looked first at my bra and then at my naked chest, and immediately moved my arms to cover myself. But when I did, Alec handed my clothing and told me, "It is proper for you to call and raise my bet yourself, if that is what you want to do." And then he walked casually back to his seat and sat down.
I followed Alec's lead and sat down as well before I threw my blouse and bra onto the table. As I asked a question, I noticed the large grin on Jason's face as he stared at my breasts, or what he could see of them, anyway. "Okay," I began, "But if I call and raise, will you raise me again, or just call, so we can finally end this hand?"
Alec shook his head solemnly and explained, "I never reveal what I may or may not do in a poker game. If you want to know the answer you have to raise my bet and find out." And then, looking at my flushed face and chest he leaned forward in his chair and added, "I will say this. The way this hand is going, I think that you will get what it is that you are looking for." And then he sat back again, a queer smile on his lips.
I nodded, not sure exactly what he might have meant, but I knew that I had to go on, to see this through now. I was already too far in to turn back now. If there was only one way out of this, then I was ready for that. I threw my blouse and bra into the center of the table, and said, looking directly into Alec's eyes, challenging him, I call your bet, and raise again."
Alec smiled at that. He obviously knew I would follow through because he had already counted the chips out for his next bet. There were two stacks. He pushed the first stack to the center of the table and said, "Call." And then he paused as his eyes bore into me, hypnotizing me. He pushed the second stack in and said, "And raise."
I sat there frozen, unable to move. The eyes of the other players were all upon me, not to mention those from nearby tables who had turned their chairs around to watch. I seemed to be drawing an audience. The tequila in my veins made clear thinking more difficult, but at the same time, the lowering of my inhibitions made what I was doing easier.
And then there was Alec. The way he had stood in front of me and undressed me was so hot! He was making me horny as hell. As he had slipped the straps of my bra off of my shoulders and exposed my breasts, the way he enticed me into letting him do it, droplets of my juices began to run down my thighs. And it was at that moment that I realized I had not worn panties this evening. Sometimes I didn't. I liked the way it made me feel sexy not to wear them, kind of flirty, and a little naughty. There was no harm in it, after all.
But now, that changed everything. I could call Alec's bet, but I had nothing left to raise with. I told Alec so. Ha answered, understanding, "I see. Stefanie, do you want to raise my bet one last time?" I did. It was important to me, not just to get my clothes back, to win a substantial portion of the chips on the table as well. But, and this is the part that confused me, I wanted Alec to undress me as well. I had never been unfaithful to my husband, but Alec had put me under a spell somehow, and somehow I knew that however the poker game ended, the evening would end with him. He was so dominating, but in such a gentle way, I needed to feel that again.
"Yes'," I stammered, as the act of speaking the word out loud made it more real and brought my intentions into clear focus in my alcohol fogged mind, "I want to raise your bet, one last time."
"I will make an exception then," Alec began magnanimously, and tell you that after your raise, I will call your bet and raise it no further, and then we shall see who the winner is, and who the loser." Alec paused for a moment before he dropped his bombshell, "But, since you have nothing left to bet with, you will give your word that if you lose this hand, you will allow my friends and I to take turns with you. When we are finished, you will get your clothes back and be free to go. If you should win the hand, you will get your clothes and all of the money in the pot. If you wish to leave then, you may. Is it a bet?"
What he had just suggested was beyond outrageous! How could Alec even suggest such a thing? But, what choice did I have? I couldn't very well drive home wearing only a skirt, could I? No, as outrageous as Alec's conditions were, I had no choice but to agree. But maybe I could add one little condition of my own.
I"I agree to your terms, but with one condition. If everyone at the table is to have a turn with me, then everyone at the table should put their chips in the pot as well. We'll make this the 'winner takes all' hand." It wasn't much, but I felt the need for at least a small moral victory in all of this, as ironic as that sounded.
Alec looked around the table to the other players, and gave a nearly imperceptible nod. At his nod, each of the players in turn pushed their stacks of chips to the center of the table, all the while watching me, with expectant grins on their faces. Did they know already who would win this hand? How could they, unless the game had been rigged somehow? But my thoughts were interrupted when I felt Alec grabbing my arm gently and urging me to stand. Funny, I hadn't even noticed him leaving his seat.
As I stood up, Alec turned me to face him and demanded in a low voice, his desire for me evident by the bulge in his pants. "Now Stefanie, it is time to show me what sort of woman you are. If you are going to do this, remove your skirt and put it into the pot. And then, we shall reveal our hands."
By this time, my breath was coming out in short little pants, and it was all I could do to force my hands to the zipper at the top of my skirt and slide it down. My hands were shaking so badly it was hard to grasp the zipper, but after a few tries, I managed to unzip it all the way. As I felt the skirt falling away from my hips and to the floor, I felt embarrassment of course, but not as much as I thought I would. After all, I'd already been naked from the waist up and was beginning to feel used to it. No, as the skirt slipped off of me, I found myself searching Alec's eyes for approval. He put his hands on my shoulders and took a step back and looked down my body. We would see my pussy and my legs, and that there were tracks of moisture, where my juices had dripped down my inner thighs. Would he know that he was the reason those juices were there? Would he know that I wanted him, to feel him inside me? And then his eyes moved back up my body, pausing at my breasts before meeting my searching eyes. And his eyes told the whole story, and I knew then that whatever else happened before, this evening would end with Alec.
I stepped out of my skirt and tossed it into the center of the table, my eyes never once leaving Alec's. He told me then, "Sit down Stefanie, I call your bet. Now we will reveal our hands." As I sat down, Alec went back to his seat and pushed his chips into the pot, and said, "I call your bet Stephanie, time to show and tell."
I picked up my hand, a full house, tens over fours, and laid them out on the table, "Full house," I announced. Alec seemed surprised to see such a good hand, and I knew in that moment that I had won, and began to reach for my clothes. But the tone of his voice stopped me as he spoke. "Full house is a very good hand Stephanie, and almost a sure winner, but not always," and he turned over his cards for me to see, and announced, "I have a nine high straight flush. You have lost the hand Stephanie, and now you must fulfill the agreement we made if you should lose." And Alec just sat there, gazing at me and waiting for me to speak.
I was stunned! How could a full house be a losing hand? I considered again the possibility of some sort of foul play, but decided not to voice my suspicions. I'd never be able to prove anything, and they would only accuse me of trying to back out of my side of the bet. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly and said, "Okay, I'm ready. Alec? I'd like you to go first, please." Somehow I thought that having Alec take me first would make the rest easier, but Alec only shook his head.
"No Stefanie, you don't make the rules here. That privilege goes to the winner, not to the loser. So, why don't you turn your chair around and we'll get started." I hesitated for a moment. Not knowing what Alec had in mind made me nervous, but I knew I would have to follow his orders eventually, so I complied with his demand as he kept talking. Ev, Rocco, you take a spot on either side of Stefanie; I think she'd like to give each of you a blowjob. By the time I had my chair turned; Ev and Rocco had positioned themselves on either side of my chair, facing me, and were in the process of unzipping their pants and pulling their shorts down over their hips. Then they pushed their hips forward eagerly, so that their erections were only inches from my mouth.
With my chair turned away from the poker table, I could see that a lot of people were watching the action now, and some of the men already had their hands inside their pants where they were massaging their stiffening members. I couldn't believe I was doing this. Here I was, stark naked, in front of a barroom full of men and women, and I was about to perform fellatio on two men as dozens of others looked on. My sense of humiliation was incredible, but there was something else that drove me on, something I didn't understand, but part of me seemed to enjoy the chance to perform too.
I licked my lips and gave each cock a tentative lick. The tastes were foreign to me. Since my marriage, I had been faithful was used only to my husband's cock.
As I wrapped one hand around the base of each erect cock, I thought about how wickedly dirty this was, which only seemed to excite me more, but one thing seemed wrong, and I knew what it was. Looking up at Ev and Rocco, and using my hands which were still holding their erect members, I gently pushed then away from me as I slid off of the chair and dropped to my knees on the floor. My action drew many smiles from the onlookers and led to several comments among them, but I wasn't really paying attention. I was too immersed in what was right in front of me.
I then drew the men closer t me, leading them by their cocks, and moved my parted lips toward Ev's throbbing member and drew the head of his cock experimentally between my lips. As I did so, I tasted the head with my tongue, and then swirled m tongue around it before pushing my head forward and sucking more of his cock into my mouth. I also moved my hand up Rocco's cock and massaged the shaft, squeezing it tightly and then releasing it before I began sliding it up and down the shaft and paying special attention to the head as my fingers ran over it. After a minute or so of this I began sucking on Rocco's cock and jerking off Ev. After only a few minutes, both men seemed incredibly worked up and I could feel their erections twitching in my hand and in my mouth.
While still giving the cock in my hand enough attention to keep it in it's fully aroused state, I began sucking harder on the cock in my mouth and driving it as far back against my throat as I could without gagging on it. I also kept my tongue swirling up and down the shaft as I pumped on it with my mouth. Just then, Ev, whose cock I was sucking on, moaned and grabbed my hair at the back of my head and forced my head forward just as his cock began spurting its hot load onto the back of my throat. I tried desperately to swallow it to avoid choking, but I couldn't keep up with it and some of his cum dribbled down my chin and onto my breast. As Ev's orgasm began to subside he relaxed his hand at the back of my head and I was able to pull my head back and free his cock.
As I turned my attention to Rocco, I took to pumping Ev's cock for the last few drops of cum which I let fall on my cheek while rubbing his cock against my face. But soon, my attention was fully on Rocco and his throbbing member was in my mouth and receiving the same treatment as Ev's only moments ago. It didn't take much time at all before Rocco's cock began to jerk violently as his orgasm was ready to explode into my mouth. But Rocco had another idea. Like Ev, he grabbed my hair, but he pulled downward, forcing my face up. He then withdrew his cock from my mouth with the first spurt of cum which landed on my face and in my hair. He had hold of his cock then and made sure that his load of cum covered my face as much as possible. And whenever I felt his cum land near my mouth, I licked the hot, acidic liquid into my mouth and swallowed it.
Finally, when it was all over, I took the head of Rocco's cock again in my mouth ad licked the last of his cum from him, while looking up into his eyes. I could tell that he was well satisfied with my performance.
Just as I licked the last drop of cum from Rocco's cock, the voice of Alec came to me and praised my for fulfilling my end of the bet, but then he assured me that I wasn't even half finished yet. I can't say whether I was more frightened at what he might demand, or more turned on in anticipation of it. I was finding this exhibition to be at once incredibly humiliating and incredibly hot was well. By this time my pussy was sopping wet and there were glistening trails down both of my thighs.
Just then, Alec told Jason that it was his turn, and I wondered if I was to be expected to take his cock into my mouth as well. I had a momentary fear that Alec would demand that I deep throat him, and if Jason was as well hung as some black guys I had heard about, I just wasn't sure if I could manage it. But then, Alec spoke to me from behind my back, "Now Stefanie, you need to lie on the floor with your head toward the table. Pull your knees up and spread your legs wide. I want Jason to have plenty of room when he enters you.
"Oh my God!" I thought, "Is Jason going to fuck me right here?" As I got down from my knees to lay on my back, Jason came and stood next to me as he unbuckled his belt and undid his pants. As he lowered his pants I could see the bulge of his cock through his underwear, and it was larger than anything I'd seen before. Not that it was huge, but my experience with cocks, especially black ones, is not that great.
As Jason dropped his underwear and revealed his cock, I remembered to open my legs as Alec had told me to. And the first look I got at Jason's member, sent a buzzing tingle through my pussy, because now I could see that Jason wasn't even fully erect yet, and already he was at least 10" long, and I began to have serious doubts that I would be able to accommodate him once his cock was fully erect.
And then, Jason stepped between my spread legs and got down on his knees. As he moved closer so that he could stroke my pussy with the head of his cock, I noticed the size of the head. It was huge, and it seemed to be getting bigger. As his erection grew, his cock didn't grow any more in length, but its girth was now beginning to take my breath away just to contemplate having my pussy stretched my that massive piece of throbbing meat.
Jason held his cock in his hand and gazed at me. My breath was coming in short gasps, even before he touched me, and my eyes must have been as big as saucers as I stared at the monster he held in his hand. And then he moved the head of his cock to my pussy and began to stroke my outer lips with it. The sensation, and mostly the anticipation of what must inevitably come next, was incredibly erotic. I knew that when he filled me with his manhood it was going to hurt, and yet, I was anxious for it to happen. And he was increasing the pressure of his caress now, as the head of his cock forced my outer lips apart and he brushed past the entrance to my vagina and then over my clit, causing my body to shake and me to bite my lower lip.
His cock seemed to be really hard now, and the head of it looked almost the size of a doorknob to me. He told me, "Spread your lips apart for me Steffi." And I reached my hands down and pulled my lips apart for him, and tried to relax my quivering muscles.
On the next stroke downward he pushed forward at the entrance to my vagina and the head of his cock began to force it's way inside ever so slowly. As the head of Jason's cock pushed past the opening I held my breath. I had never been stretched so far before, and there was pain, but it was manageable. As the head pushed inside I let go of my breath and panted a few times, getting used to the pressure and stretching. But then, he pulled back out, and the feeling of emptiness was like nothing I'd ever experienced.
Before Jason entered me again, he bounced the head of his cock a few times against my clit, and then gathered some more lubrication by running his cock up and down the slit of my pussy. When he was again poised at my entrance, he was not as slow, nor as gentle. This time he pushed much harder, forcing the head of his cock in a few inches. I let out a loud gasp. Not only was I not expecting the suddenness of his thrust, I was not expecting the pain either. This time I sensed the stretching almost as a burning sensation, and I knew it was not from lack of lubrication.
He withdrew a short way now and began to push again, deeper and deeper he went. And I was propped up on my shoulders, watching as his member slowly began to disappear inside me. I can't even describe the incredible feeling of fullness I felt as he forced his entire length past my pussy lips and stretched me in ways I didn't know I could be stretched. Even as he forced his way in, all the way to the hilt, the pain began to transform into a kind of pleasurable sensation that I have never had before. I could still feel the pan, but that was only a small part of what I was feeling. The sensations were so intense I thought I would go insane, but still I wanted more. I wanted it all!
"Oh God Jason, fuck me with that thing." I moaned. And slowly, he started to fuck me. He started slowly, with very short strokes and his entire length buried inside me, and at the same time, he reached up with one hand and took a handful of tit and began to massage it roughly. And then, leaning down toward my chest, he sucked my nipple into his mouth and began to suck on it, hard! And all the while, the action with his cock was becoming more intense, with longer strokes and more forcefully as well. I could feel his balls bounce against my butt each time he rammed into me.
I was nearly out of control now, the intensity of his fucking, his mouth roughly sucking on my tit, and just the whole scene of being fucked her on the floor of a bar as dozens of people watched, it was all too much for me. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for long. As the strokes of his cock inside me became longer and more forceful, my grasp on sanity began steadily to weaken. I had been moaning almost since his cock first entered my pussy, and now they were becoming more intense. Finally, with my head thrashing back and forth, I could resist no longer and with a high pitched yell my entire body began to spasm out of control. And as it did so, I could feel the hot liquid of his cum beginning to fill me.
Jason pulled my body from the floor then as if I were weightless to him and pulled me upright against his body so that my pussy slid down to fully envelop his erupting cock. My legs naturally wrapped around his tight ass as his hips jerked upward with each spasm.
Finally, our quaking bodies quieted, and Jason continued to hold me. My arms and legs were wrapped around him, and my tits were crushed against his chest while my pussy continued to tingle and quiver around his slowly receding manhood.
Finally, I began to become aware once more of the people around me and realized that more than a few were applauding my performance with Jason. Embarrassed, I hid my face behind his wide shoulder.
After another minute or so, I noticed that Alec was standing behind me, and that he was holding his jacket in his hands. He leaned down and spoke to me in a quiet voice, "It's been quite a night hasn't it? The game is over now. I will take you back to my apartment where you may clean up, and then you will get your clothes back and you can go home. You can cover yourself with my jacket while we go to my car." And he held his jacket out for me.
It was so strange, talking to one man while sitting in the lap of another, my legs wrapped around him and with my pussy filled with his manhood. I searched Alec's face, trying to decide whether he intended to take me sexually as well. He had not said that he would, and it was Alec I had been wanting from the moment this evening had begun to turn sexual.
I whispered something lewd into Jason's ear, something that made him smile, and then began to awkwardly disengage myself from him. As I began to pull away from him as I got my legs under me, I felt his cock slide out of my pussy. I had to sigh at the feeling of loss.
As I got to my feet, Jason slid back on the floor and stood up as well, towering over me as I accepted Alec's jacket and allowed him to lead me toward the exit. Fortunately, it was toward the rear exit, which led to a private parking lot, and not out onto the street. As we reached his car, he opened the front door for me and then the back door, where he tossed my clothes.
Alec got in the driver's seat, started the engine, and we were off. I had no idea where he was taking me, but as long as I was under Alec's spell, I was willing to go wherever he led. It was quiet in the car for the first few minutes. I was about to open the subject of where we were going and if we would be together that night, when Alex spoke up, I really enjoyed watching you tonight Steffie. See, that's the thing about me Steffie. I like to watch."
That was a disappointment. I had waited the whole evening to be with Alec, and now he seemed to be saying that it wasn't his thing. "Does that mean you don't want to be with me Alec?" I asked, while trying to mask my disappointment.
I turned to look at his face as he drove, and he said, "It's no that Steffie, but I need to see a girl perform a number of times before I can be with her myself. Do you want to be with me?"
I didn't trust myself to answer, so I just nodded my head and finally answered with the single quietly spoken word, "Yes."
"When we get to my apartment, we'll exchange cell phone numbers. You'll be hearing from me."
As we drove to Alec's apartment, he became ever more aloof, and we hardly spoke another ward between then and the time I left, except to exchange phone numbers.
I arrived home before Steve arrived and decided that tonight I would not wait up for him, mostly because I wasn't sure how I would handle any conversation we might have with questions like, "So, how was your evening?" Instead, I got into bed and wondered how and when Alec would contact me.
*
(This story will be continued with more encounters between Stefanie and Alec. Stay tuned.)