Resa looked out over the water as the sun slowly melted into the horizon. Not just her favourite time of day but her favourite time of year as well, late autumn where the air just starts to get crisp and it makes sense to relax in the hot tub she was currently luxuriating in. She had come up to this lake the previous summer with her husband, Jim, but it was really showing its colours now. The leaves were even more golden in hue than normal as the setting sun blazed through them. She breathed in the scent of colder weather to come, fresh in the air.
She turned to her husband, who was slowly sliding his cock in and out of the beautiful young woman beside her. She was bent at the waist and had her hands on the side of the tub as he hooked his hands around her hips, pulling deep into her as she pushed her ass back into him with a look of ecstasy on her face. She watched the two of them and felt nothing but love and contentment. She knew exactly how she got here but she was still a little dizzy taking it all in.
She was pretty sure she could trace it back to the bathroom reno. They had been in their house for about 10 years and had renovated almost every room in it, kitchen, bedroom, all of the living spaces. They had finally got around to doing their ensuite and were going all out. They had been planning to go away for their twentieth anniversary but a bunch of stuff got in the way, so they decided to splurge on the bathroom.
The reason Resa could trace it back to the reno was remembering the moment Jim had been following her through a home improvement store. She was looking for a very particular wall mirror but couldn't remember where she had seen it. Jim was not paying attention to the mirrors as he was more interested in watching her beautiful, round ass sway from side to side in the tight, patterned yoga pants she was wearing.
She had stopped in front of a wall of mirrors and was scanning them intently. "Are those new pants?" he asked quietly as he came up behind her.
"Maybe," she blushed a little, "do you like them?"
"Yes, me and every other guy in here, I think." He looked at her reflection in the mirrors as she searched, a small smile curling her lips. He also noticed that she was wearing a tight top under her light jacket that was cut a bit lower than normal, displaying the top of her amazing cleavage. Resa had been the epitome of 'the girl next door' when they met, cute features with large, round eyes and a ready smile. She had also been completely oblivious of the impact her amazing body had on the men around her.
Over their twenty plus years together, she had matured into something more, still cute and fun, but a bit curvier - breasts that could fairly be described as large and a rounder ass but still with that hourglass waist that he loved grabbing when he took her from behind. She usually dressed pretty casually when they ran errands but he wasn't complaining about her new, tighter, sportier look.
They carried on through the store picking up a few more bits and pieces. Jim split off and headed over to the plumbing aisle to pick up some pipe cement and returned to find his wife in the lighting aisle. She was at the other end and as he started to walk towards her, she was reaching up for a light fixture. Her shirt lifted slightly, exposing her midriff as her breasts stretched the fabric of her shirt.
Jim stopped from a distance so he could watch the reactions of the men around her. Two guys had just stopped what they were doing and were staring openly while a third guy came over to help her reach the light. He handed her the light and she ran her hand down his arm as she thanked him. Jim felt a weird combination of jealousy and arousal as he watched her gentle flirting with the guy who grabbed the light.
She turned and spotted Jim and started walking towards him, again with that sway in her hips. Jim noticed that all three guys were now just staring at her ass as if hypnotized. She was almost giggling as she hustled Jim around the corner.
"You're right about these pants," she laughed.
It took stops at two more stores to find the mirror she had been looking for. She swayed through the aisles while Jim hung back, watching the men checking her out as she would bend over to check price tags or pick something up, a mischievous smile on her face the whole time. After finally finding the mirror and paying, Jim drove home with his wife's hand on his thigh, just lightly pressed against his crotch for almost the entire drive. He was definitely getting a bit suspicious about what she was up to. He stared at her ass again as she swayed into the house, this time she looked over her shoulder to make sure he was watching.
"Happy anniversary," Jim laughed as he handed her the mirror when they got inside.
"Very funny, I've gotyourpresent right here," she smiled as she smacked the side of her ass.
He moved over to her, took the mirror back and set it on the floor. He pushed his body into hers as she backed against the hallway wall. He kissed her firmly and she let out a muffled sigh as his tongue danced across hers. He moved to kissing her neck before he spoke, "I'm not complaining, but what's going on?"
"What do you mean?" she replied innocently.
He moved his hand up to cup her breast and gently squeezed her nipple through the fabric. She gasped as his other hand grabbed a handful of her ass. "These new, tighter clothes, teasing those poor guys at the stores. You seem a bit... heightened," he breathed into her neck.
"I guess I've been feeling a bit old. I wanted to see if I still have it."
"Old? Forty-three is still young as far as I'm concerned."
"That's only because you're forty-four," she laughed. "It's just that nobody I know around my age has been married for twenty years."
"That's just because a bunch of them are divorced. Believe me, you still have it, just look at the way those guys couldn't keep their eyes off you at the stores."
"I suppose."
"You didn't seem to mind the attention," Jim said as he slipped his hand into the front of her yoga pants, sliding down inside her underwear until his fingers found her already slick opening. Resa gasped as he easily slid a finger inside her. "Hmm, it seems like you liked teasing those guys," Jim said as he felt just how wet she was.
Jim knew all of her buttons, lightly kissing her neck, squeezing a nipple with one hand and circling her clit with the other. It didn't take long before she was moaning and shaking her way through an intense orgasm.
Jim looked into his wife's eyes which were just returning to focus after her ecstasy. He knew her well enough to know that there was something else that was still on her mind but he let it slide. It was kind of their way to talk about things. They both preferred to mention something, let it percolate and return to the discussion later. He knew there was something under the surface but she would come back to it when she was ready.
Jim kissed her flushed lips and they carried on to the bathroom to discuss what was left to do before he started preparing for the next big job, tiling the shower. He spent the rest of the day sealing all of the joints in the waterproof membrane he had installed in the shower surround the day before.
They were lying in bed together that night and Jim could tell that something was still on Resa's mind. She had a book propped up in her lap but she hadn't turned a page in ten minutes. She finally put her book down, rolled over to him and put her hand on his chest. "Do you think we got married too young?" she asked softly.
"I don't think so. Why?"
"Well, when I was out with the girls the other night, after a few drinks, the conversation turned to sex. Don't get me wrong, I love our sex life but I didn't have much to add to the conversation, experience-wise. Everyone else was telling stories about college and all the crazy stuff they had done before getting married."
"I thought guys weren't supposed to know what happened on girl's night."
"Very funny," she said sarcastically. "I'm serious. Do you feel like you missed out on... sexual stuff because we were so young?"
"Sure, the guys tell stories about all the stuff they did but I wouldn't trade any of that for the last twenty years." Jim wasn't totally sure where this was going but he felt like he had a hunch. "Did something come up in the conversation that you wished you had done? Something that maybe turned you on a little?"
"Maybe," she smiled. Her hand was wandering its way down his chest at this point. "It might have been a couple of things."
Jim always thought she was so sexy when she was being a bit coy. "You know, we're only just over forty, we've got time to fulfill some fantasies, but we really should do it before we're too old."
"I know, it's just that we couldn't fulfill this fantasy on our own."
"Well, now you've piqued my interest," Jim replied with genuine curiosity. "What was it?"
"I'm not sure I want to say, you might not be into it."
"You can't drop a hint like that and then not tell me," Jim laughed. "I promise, no judgement from me."
"Fine," she said as her hand continued over his stomach. "Cheryl was telling us about a threesome she had in college and I felt a bit jealous."
"You were jealous of Cheryl having a threesome? Isn't that supposed to be everyman'sfantasy?"
She laughed, "I think men usually fantasize about two women. Cheryl was talking about her with two guys." Her hand had now reached his boxers and she was slowly dragging her fingernails up and down the outline of his rapidly hardening cock through the fabric.
"Oh," Jim paused. "What about it made you jealous?"
"To be honest, it just sounded so dirty, like something good girls and good wives wouldn't do. I kinda feel like I missed out on that." She paused a little before continuing, "And, to be blunt, I loved the thought of being, what is it called, spit-roasted?"
She was batting her eyelashes while she looked at him and Jim was amazed that she could sound so innocent while describing such a lewd act. "You mean having one guy fucking you while you blow the other?"
"Yeah, that." She gave an involuntary shiver. "I didn't really know what that was when Cheryl said it. I mean, I kinda figured it out but I looked it up when I got home."
"That must have been entertaining," Jim laughed.
"I'll say. That might have had something to do with my 'heightened' state today, I got a bit turned on," she blushed. "Have you ever fantasized about having a threesome?"
"I feel like this is a trap," Jim laughed.
"Seriously."
"Well, yes, of course I have." He smiled.
His wife's eyes sharpened, "Who is the other woman?"
"Thisisa trap," Jim laughed again. He noticed his wife tense up a little so he quickly carried on, "You're assuming that I've only fantasized about having a threesome with two women."
Resa's eyes widened a little, "You've fantasized about a threesome with two guys and a girl?"
"Yes, specifically me and another guy fucking you," Jim admitted.
"You have?" she grinned as she reached up the leg of his boxers, lightly caressing his balls with her hand as she moved it further up. "And what's your favourite part?"
"My favourite part?"
"Yeah, when you imagine that, what turns you on the most?"
Jim paused, unsure of how she would react, but it felt like a night for confessions. "I think watching you, on your knees, with a cock in each hand, looking up at me as you take turns sucking us off."
"Mmmm, that sounds pretty fucking hot, I thought about that as well," she said as she moved her hand up to grip the shaft of his cock, starting to gently pump it up and down. The gears were turning in her head as she thought more about it. She was very quiet for a moment before looking up at him with another coy smile. "I think I get that though." She got up on her knees and playfully tugged his underwear off. "You do like watching me suck your cock, don't you?"
"You know I do," he smiled.
She knew he loved it, and she loved him watching her. She always kept the lights on, watching the desire and lust in his eyes as he reacted to what she was doing with her lips, with her tongue, with her mouth. Twenty years of blowing him and she still loved his scent, his taste, all his favourite spots that she knew how to tease. She also loved the sense of power she had, controlling his pleasure, controlling his release.
She thought about the threesome again and imagined herself kneeling in front of two men, their eyes watching her in anticipation as she stroked her hands up and down the hard, slick shafts of their cocks. She had another involuntary shiver and smiled mischievously at her husband as she pushed his legs apart and lowered herself between them. "So you like to imagine watching me suck other men's cocks?"
"Yes," moaned Jim.
His cock was rock hard in her hand and she held it straight up as she placed her tongue at the base of the shaft and licked all the way to the tip without taking her eyes off his. "You get off on imagining your wife as a dirty little slut?"
"Oh fuck yes," Jim moaned.
She let out a moan and closed her eyes as she lowered her head over the tip of his cock and took him as deep as she could. She slowly started to bob her head up and down, swirling her tongue around the underside of his swollen head. She took pauses from sucking to look into his eyes as he watched her worship his cock with her tongue. She couldn't believe how wet she was getting imagining being that dirty little slut for her husband. Having him watch her, performing for him. She had always been the 'good girl' and the thought of being so naughty was thrilling. She moved her free hand to her pussy and pushed two fingers inside her already dripping opening.
She took him deep into her mouth again pushing him closer and closer to his orgasm. She finally pulled her mouth off his cock and got a wicked grin on her face. "And where do they finish, these other cocks that I'm sucking?" she purred as she continued her stroking and licking.
"Oh, pretty much everywhere, on your tits, in your mouth, on your face." Jim grinned.
"On my face?", she said in mock surprise. "You are such a dirty old man, imagining me sucking another man's hard cock into my pretty little mouth. Jerking it until it shoots its sticky load all over my face. Is that what you want to see? Your slutty little wife, covered in another man's cum?" She knew exactly what she was doing. She didn't talk dirty often, but hearing that sent Jim over the edge and he didn't hold back. His cock launched rope after rope of cum into the air as he grunted in time with her stroking. Resa had brought herself along, timing her climax with Jim's as she stared into his eyes.
~~~~~~~
Over the next couple of weeks, Jim could tell that the buzz they both had from talking about their fantasies was lingering - lots of flirting and amazing sex. Resa even surprised him one morning as he came out of the shower. She dropped to her knees to blow him and then watched him watching her in the bathroom mirror - just to heighten the effect of it being someone else's cock.
"Whose cock would this be?" she asked one night as she lay on the bed with Jim's face buried between her thighs.
"Um...I hadn't really thought that far down the road", he mumbled into her pussy.
"Nobody we know for sure."
"Agreed, that would be unnecessarily complicated."
"But I don't know about some rando either, dating apps would be weird too," she said.
He moved up from her pussy to kneel by her head and she hungrily took his cock into her mouth. Jim leaned over her to pull her vibrator out of the bedside table and he started teasing her clit with it before sliding it inside her, fucking her with it as she lay on the bed. She moaned relentlessly, writhing on the fake cock he was pumping in and out of her as she sucked his real cock into her mouth.
"But you want it, don't you," Jim said.
"Fuck yes," she moaned as she pulled his cock out of her mouth to slide her tongue up and down his shaft. "I want to be your dirty little cock slut," Jim pushed the fake cock deep into her. "Oh fuck, I want you to watch me be a dirty little cock slut." She was rubbing her clit as Jim continued to fuck her with the fake dick until she finally cried out as she came. She panted through her orgasm, continuing to lick his cock while moaning the whole time. She looked up into Jim's eyes, "Do you want to watch me be a slut? Do you want to watch me suck another man's cock?"
"Yeah, I do," Jim grunted as she continued to lick his shaft.
"Fuck, I want it too, I want you to watch him cum all over my tits," she moaned. "I want you to watch me on my knees, squeezing my tits together while I beg for his load."
Picturing the scene in his head made Jim lose control and he came suddenly, launching his cum over the side of her cheek as she tongued the underside of his cock. She looked him in the eyes and sucked him into her mouth, swallowing the last few spurts as the rest ran down the side of her face.
~~~~~~~
The next day, Resa was having trouble concentrating on anything but what they had talked about the night before. She was beginning to think that the idea was turning her on more than Jim, if that was possible. She was sure that he wanted this to actually happen - it may have started as sexy banter, but it had felt more serious each time they played it out.
She had started the day with a plan to run some errands and then meet a friend for coffee but she found her mind wandering. The excitement of new sexual experiences made her recollect the beginning of her sexual exploration. Resa had gotten together with Jim when they were young, but she wasn't a virgin. She thought back to high school and remembered the thrill of everything that was new about sex. Her boyfriend at the time had been new to it all as well as she fondly remembered the two of them discovering all the things they liked. Her first time giving head stuck out in her mind from those days.
They had been parked on a deserted road in her car. They were in the backseat, hands fumbling and making out in the dark, the windows foggy with their combined body heat as she tugged at his cock with her hand. Her friends had talked about how much guys enjoyed blowjobs and she wanted to see for herself. She bent down to take him in her mouth and she loved it from the first second. That first touch of the smooth, taut skin of his cock passing her lips to her tongue. His moans sent shockwaves down her body and she absolutely loved the feel of his pulsing cock as he came in her mouth. She even loved his haphazard attempts to repay the favour.
Their relationship kind of played itself out and they broke up senior year. She had a couple of other short-term boyfriends after that and then she went off to College. She had a few sexual encounters there but they had been pretty disappointing, just guys fucking whoever they could for their own sense of conquest. She met Jim in class and knew he was different from the start. For one, he talked about things other than himself and second, when she took him to her bed, he was the first man who seemed to care about her pleasure. Even thinking about him now made her warm inside.
After all the years of being married to Jim, she knew she hadn't exactly let herself go, she still worked out and kept fit but she had realized she did take Jim's affection a bit for granted. He loved her and lusted after her regardless of what she wore or how she looked and she knew that. It wasn't until the girl's night that she realized she wanted to up her game a bit - to be sexier for her husband but also for herself. To feel fully alive again.
Hearing Jim's fantasy about a threesome with another guy had only driven that higher. Lots of other crazy stuff had been discussed with her girlfriends that night but the thought of having two guys at the same time had burned itself into her head. The fact that Jim had the same kinds of thoughts had made it even hotter. She realized that she never felt like she was in a rut with Jim but these thoughts of bringing that new feeling back to sex had her more excited than she had been in years.
For now, this excitement was manifesting itself as a perpetual state of arousal. It seemed to be all she could think of, intruding on everything she was doing. She had started her errands at the grocery store and found herself in the produce section, trying to not stare at the guy picking over the apples.
He was taller than her, fit and wearing slightly sweaty gym clothes like he had just been for a run. She immediately thought about being sweaty with him. She thought about their slick bodies sliding across each other's as they fucked. She wondered what his cock looked like. Was he circumcised? Curved? Thick? So many mysteries.
On her next stop, she was at the garden centre to get some garden supplies - new plants and some fertilizer for the garden at the front of the house. The young man who worked in the greenhouses had been very helpful, and she had admired his broad shoulders as he loaded the bags into her car.
She wasn't normally attracted to stocky guys but her libido was working in overdrive as she pictured herself on her knees, his hands twined into her hair as she sucked his cock. They made eye contact momentarily and she blushed furiously. He obviously couldn't have known exactly what was running through her head but she felt her cheeks redden all the same. She thanked him for his help, quickly getting in the car before she got even more embarrassed.
Her final stop was meeting up with a friend from work for a coffee. They had been meaning to do it for weeks but had both been busy and she had been delighted to finally arrange a time. They lined up at the counter and Resa smiled slightly as she saw the young man across the counter.
This guy was more in line with her usual preferences, tall and nicely built with a warm smile. She would have taken notice of his eyes but they were pretty much locked on the bit of cleavage that was showing at the top of her shirt. He looked up, embarrassed at being caught, but she gave him a quick wink and proceeded to order her and her friend's drinks. Her pulse raced as she ran her eyes over his body as he punched their order in.
Her friend had stifled a laugh while at the counter but couldn't help herself as they walked back to a table outside on the veranda.
"That guy was totally eye-fucking you!" she laughed as they sat down.
Resa laughed as well, "Yes, I noticed." Resa had met Alisha at work almost a year ago and they had hit it off as friends right away. There was a fair age gap between them with Alisha being almost 15 years younger but it didn't seem to affect their dynamic. They just got along really well and out of all of her friends, Alisha was the one Resa felt most comfortable talking to about anything.
"I can't say I blame him though. You look pretty amazing today," Alisha smirked.
"Thank you."
"Like, you're not showing a lot of skin but those tight clothes make it pretty easy for me to picture you naked."
"Shut up! And stop picturing me naked," Resa laughed.
"So, why the new look?"
"Just a bit of self-care I think. I just want to feel good about me."
"Yeah, having guys staring at my tits always makes me feel better about myself," Alisha laughed sarcastically.
"With breasts like mine, guys are going to look no matter what." Resa replied flatly.
"True," Alisha acknowledged. "How does Jim feel about the new look?"
"He likes it," Resa smiled.
"How does he feel about the extra attention you're getting?"
"He likes it, I think he likes it a lot actually."
"Oh?"
Resa looked around before lowering her voice, "Remember Cheryl talking about having a threesome with two guys when she was in college? Well, Jim and I were talking about that a few nights ago and he admitted that he had fantasized about that with me. That he was extremely turned on by the thought of...," Resa looked around again, "...watching me suck another guy's cock."
"Oh fuck, and what about you?" Alisha smiled.
"Oh my god, it's all I've thought about since he said it."
"Yeah I get that, cause now I'm picturing you naked with a cock in your mouth," Alisha laughed.
Resa coughed into her cup as she was about to take a sip. "You're awful," she laughed. "Have you ever done that? Two guys?" she asked quietly.
"No, two girls and a guy and to be honest I was more into her than him, but that was before I got married."
Resa paused and Alisha looked away, the mood souring slightly as the topic of her marriage came up. Resa knew that Alisha was unhappy in her marriage and she was pretty sure that her husband had been cheating on her but it hadn't all come out into the open yet. Resa thought that Alisha wanted a divorce but was still reckoning with the feeling that so much of her adult life to this point had been a mistake.
"You're a strong woman," Resa said.
"I know, but I don't know that I'm ready to move on."
They shared a silent moment, looking at each other before Resa moved the conversation to some gentle griping about colleagues and projects at their office.
After a hug goodbye, Resa returned to her car still thinking about Alisha's marriage. She knew that Alisha was strong enough to handle the divorce but Resa wanted to make sure she was there for her when it finally happened. She thought about her own marriage and how lucky she felt to have Jim. He was a great friend as well as a great lover. She didn't know exactly what was going to happen next but she knew she was excited.
Her mind returned to her fantasies from the morning as she sat in her car with the last of her coffee. She thought about the young guy at the coffee shop again, imagining dragging him into the back room to drop to her knees. She couldn't remember what anyone other Jim felt like but she wanted to. She wanted to know how big his cock would be, whether she would need both hands to stroke it, how hard it would feel. She wanted to know if he would cum in her mouth or just jerk himself all over her tits.
She reached into the front of her pants as she sat there, slowly pressing her fingers lower and lower as she looked around. There were plenty of people walking to and from their cars but everybody had their own cares and they weren't paying any attention to the woman sitting in the SUV in the corner of the lot. Her fingers were on her clit as she started to think about the coffee guy again - until the image of him was suddenly replaced by Alisha. Images of Alisha, in a threesome with another couple.
She pictured Alisha's head between the woman's legs and then in her mind it was her own legs, she was looking down as Alisha gently explored her with her tongue. Resa had never fantasized about another woman before, never mind a friend. She was in such an elevated sexual state that she went with the fantasy, picturing her hands in Alisha's hair as she pulled her closer, imagining her mouth and tongue fully pressing into her.
She looked around the parking lot again and noticed an older man getting out of his car in the next row. He looked like he was waiting for someone, just standing outside his car looking around. She kept her fingers on herself, wondering if he would have any idea what she was doing. She thought it would be impossible to tell but then his eyes scanned past hers and did a little double-take as they snapped back.
She knew her cheeks were flush and her lips were a rosy shade of red but she thought that it would look like she was just wearing makeup. Her mouth was also slightly open as she was breathing quite heavily at this point. A younger man might not have spotted the signs but she thought the older man might be experienced enough to know she was aroused.
She thought if he was ten feet closer he could probably also spot her nipples poking the fabric of her shirt. He looked away to avoid staring but kept glancing back at her as she continued to circle her clit with her fingers. She switched from fantasizing about Alisha to imagining this man coming closer, close enough to look through the window until suddenly she was coming hard at the thought of him watching her finger herself.
She lifted the coffee cup in front of her face as she tried to hide her reaction to her orgasm but when she looked back at him he was staring right at her. 'He couldn't know,' she thought. They looked at each other a moment longer until an older woman walked up and got in the other side of his car. As he got in the driver's side, he looked back to wink at her.
"Fuck, here I was thinking I was being sneaky," she muttered out loud. She put her coffee down and started the car to drive home. It wasn't a long drive and when she got home she saw that Jim was still out. She was still aroused from the parking lot and was desperately hoping he would be there to fuck her. Wasting no time, she went to the bedroom, took off her clothes and pulled out her vibrator to satisfy herself again.
Jim had been out most of the day, running his own errands and picking up some more materials for the bathroom reno. As soon as he came in the front door he heard Resa holler from their bedroom, "Are you alone?"
"Yes!" he yelled back as he closed the door.
"Then get in here and fuck me," she shouted, not quite loud enough for the neighbours to hear, he hoped. 'That's a bit unusual,' he thought, as he put his painting supplies down and walked down the hall. Although never shy about letting him know what she wanted in bed, she wasn't usually quite this direct and demanding. He walked into their bedroom and she was sprawled on the bed, completely naked. Her face was flushed and he guessed that she had been naked for a while.
"This is your fault," she snapped cheekily as she rolled over onto her hands and knees, lifting her beautiful round ass into the air. Her fingers were busy massaging her pussy as he stripped off his clothes.
"I'm not complaining, but what, exactly, is my fault?" he said as he climbed onto the bed and positioned his already hardening cock at her entrance.
"Before we started talking about threesomes and other men, I used to be able run errands without thinking about fucking everyone I saw. Is this what it's like to be a man?" she asked, "Thinking about sex all the time?"
"Pretty much," Jim laughed as he slid the head of his cock up and down her well lubricated opening before pushing himself into her warmth. She stopped talking for a second and took a sharp breath as she felt his cock fill her.
"Well, it's exhausting," she sighed, "I've masturbated twice today and it still wasn't enough. I'm just glad you came home when you did."
"Me too!" he grinned as he began to thrust in and out of her slick pussy. She was pushing her ass back into him, encouraging him to fuck her harder.
"So you're one hundred percent serious about this?" she asked. "Because at this point, I'm not sure I'll be able to think straight without doing something about it."
Jim had been thinking about this as they had been playing it out over the last few weeks. He had been really interrogating himself about whether this was something he actually wanted or just something fun to role play. He honestly thought his wife was the sexiest woman in the world and the thought of watching her have sex with someone else was incredibly intoxicating. He also accepted that it was a bit of ego stroking for him as well. Seeing those guys at the hardware store lusting after her couldn't help but make him proud of how hot his wife was.
"Do you love me?" Jim asked.
"You know I do."
"Then tell me. Tell me you love me and that if either one of us has a problem with it, we'll stop."
"I love you. More than you'll ever know," she said. "I agree, I want to try this but if either one of us has a problem, it stops. I still can't imagine how it would even happen though, I mean, how many guys would want someone my age?"
He chuckled as he watched her ass ripple with every thrust. "Are you forgetting the guys at the hardware store? I think you underestimate your assets," he said as he playfully slapped her ass. "With this ass, those tits and a mouth made to suck cock, believe me, you undo one button on your shirt and tell a guy you want to blow him and his pants will be down before you can blink."
She laughed out loud - she was a little shocked at his graphic description but she knew he was right, every one of those guys at the hardware stores absolutely wanted to fuck her.
The stimulating conversation was moving things along quite quickly. "Oh fuck," he said as he thrust faster, approaching his orgasm.
"Yes, baby, go!" she cried as he continued to thrust until he spasmed and shot his load inside her, the contractions of her third orgasm of the day pulsing around his throbbing cock.
He slowed his thrusts as he continued to squeeze her ass. "What man out there wouldn't want some of that?" he said as he slapped it again. "I can prove it," he said. "Put on something nice and we'll go out for dinner."
~~~~~~~
They hopped in the shower to refresh and Jim got dressed and waited downstairs. Resa came downstairs a while later dressed very nicely but quite conservatively. She had on a nice pencil skirt that showed off her ass and a tight, high neck sweater that highlighted the curves of her full breasts. She looked fantastic but Jim thought it wouldn't hurt to show a bit of cleavage to guarantee that this was going to work as he had hoped. "What about that white button up blouse you have with the black blazer?" he suggested helpfully.
She arched an eyebrow, "You mean the one that acts like a push-up bra?"
"Yeah, that one," he smiled innocently. He knew she wouldn't look slutty, but definitely like a woman who was confident in her sex appeal. He waited downstairs until she came back down the stairs looking incredibly hot. He realized with a moment of panic that every guy out there with was going to be all over her. "Can you apply for a job in my office?" he asked. "Just so you can give me blowjobs under my desk and tease me all day."
"Shut up," she laughed. "It's not too much is it? I don't want to look like I'm trying too hard."
"You look perfect, let's go."
They headed over to a new Korean fusion restaurant downtown that they had been wanting to try out. Jim grabbed the door for her and let her walk inside ahead of him. There was another couple waiting in the lobby and he caught the guy sneak a glance at Resa's breasts before quickly looking away. The young waiter walking by was less circumspect and got an eyeful before almost crashing into the corner of a wall. 'Oh this is going to be easy,' Jim thought.
They enjoyed a nice meal together, sitting right next to each other in a cozy booth, their hands on each others' thighs, squeezing each other with some nerves and some excitement. The waiter who noticed her at the door just so happened to be their waiter for the evening. Jim was unsure as to whether that was coincidence or if the waiter had arranged it, but he didn't mind. The waiter was youngish, maybe twenty-five and quite tall and lean. Jim would have thought him too cute for his wife's tastes but she was definitely checking him out as well.
As they waited for their dinner to arrive, Jim would wait until the young waiter was in view and then pull the end of her skirt a little higher under the table. She would look at Jim, then over at the waiter as she pushed forward trying to get her husband's fingers closer to her pussy. He could tell she wanted this bad.
The waiter was nothing but polite and helpful throughout the meal but Jim could sense his eyes lingering on Resa. Jim also noticed the flirty little smile she gave him when he asked how her meal was.
"That waiter is definitely interested in you," Jim smiled, "and I can prove it." He decided to head to the washroom, thinking it might give him a chance to come over. Jim took his time, making sure to give them ample opportunity for a private chat and sure enough, as Jim was returning to the table, the waiter was smiling at his wife and quickly slipping his phone back into his pocket. The waiter briskly walked away, trying to look busy as Jim approached the table. For her part, Resa was blushing slightly and Jim was pretty sure another button had popped open on her blouse.
"You were right," she smiled. "That nice young waiter came to chat while you were in the bathroom."
"Told you," Jim smiled. "What did he say?"
"He asked if there was anything else I needed while giving me a pretty good once over with his eyes."
"And what did you say you needed?"
"I said I needed a bit of fun, and then squeezed my tits together a little and asked if he knew where I might find some." She was giggling at this point, a little tipsy but mostly excited at the feeling of being desired by a hot, young guy. "I was just giving him my number when you came back."
"I figured as much, he looked a bit sheepish when he walked away."
They shared a delicious dessert and as they left the restaurant, Resa caught the waiter's eyes one more time before going outside.
Jim glanced at Resa in the passenger seat on the drive home and thought she looked a bit uneasy. "Are you okay?" Jim asked.
"Yes, just thinking that he's pretty young."
"He's easily in his mid twenties, totally an adult, and one who definitely wants to fuck you," Jim laughed.
"You wouldn't feel like you were taking advantage of a woman that young?"
"No, that's definitely an adult, heck, that's older than when we got married. I think you should revel in the fact that you can attract a hot, young guy. You wanted to know if you still have it and I think that should make it pretty clear." She sat back in her seat and smiled the rest of the way home.
Jim heard a ping on her phone later that night as they were reading together on the couch. She picked up her phone and smiled. "Isn't he an eager beaver?" she laughed. He leaned over to look at her phone and she smiled again, "Don't worry, you'll get to see everything, no secrets."
The waiter had messaged that he had just finished work and asked what kind of fun she was looking for.
"Maybe just some flirty texts for now but let's see where it goes," she replied.
"How flirty?" he asked, followed by a photo of his pants with a very noticeable bulge in them.
"Oh, that's pretty flirty," she texted. "Did thinking of me do that to you?" she asked with feigned innocence.
"Hell yeah it did," he replied, "you are one of the hottest women I've ever met."
"Do you have a thing for older women?"
"I like that they usually know what they want."
"It sounds like you have experience, what do they usually want?"
"Same as you, a bit of fun."
"And do you give it to them?" She laughed at her double entendre, enjoying the slow burn of the conversation.
"LOL," he replied. "It's happened a couple of times. Maybe they just like feeling desired."
"My husband desires me, but also desires me to do other things. What about me caught your eye?" she asked.
"I'd like to say it was your beautiful eyes staring at me as I served you, but I think it was pretty obvious that your breasts were the first thing I noticed when you came into the restaurant. I just about broke my nose on that wall."
She suddenly bounced off the couch and ran to the bathroom. She came back and showed Jim the photo she had taken in the mirror. She had unbuttoned her shirt all the way down so that you could see the full curve of her breasts disappear into her bra. She had cropped it so you could just see her slightly open mouth at the top of the frame. It was fucking hot. "These old things?" she texted.
"Damn," he replied. This time he sent a photo of his hand on his crotch, pulling the fabric tight over an obviously rock hard cock.
Jim gave the guy points for not going right to a dick pic, but he knew his wife was pretty worked up by this point.
"Show me," she texted.
The next ping was a photo of his hand gripping the base of his smooth cock. There was a good few inches of it sticking out past the end of his hand, a little bit of precum already at the tip.
"Oh my, that is a nice cock, I bet it would look fantastic fucking my tits," she texted. This time she went into the bathroom and closed the door. She messaged her husband a screenshot. She had taken her shirt and bra off and managed to snap a photo of her fingers covering her nipples as she squeezed her tits together.
Jim had seen them a thousand times but never like this. He was overwhelmed by the thought of her getting excited as the waiter looked at that photo. He rubbed his dick through his pants, waiting for the next message.
"Would you like that?" she asked. "Would you like to fuck my tits? I'd get your cock so wet, spitting and drooling all over it, squeezing my tits around it while you fucked them back and forth."
"Oh man, I'd love that."
"Are you stroking your cock right now?"
"Fuck yeah, I am," he replied.
"Yeah," she texted. "I think I'd like that, feeling that smooth wet cock pressed between my tits, feeling you pump harder and faster until you cum all over them. I bet you'd cum a lot wouldn't you, nice young cock like that would probably shoot a full load wouldn't it."
"That's a dirty fucking mouth you got, what else does it do?"
"Oh, lots of things," she replied, "all the things men seem to like the most. Are you getting close?"
"Yeah."
"Show me," she said. "I wanna see you cum for me."
The next message was a video clip of him lying on his back stroking his cock until it twitched and pumped some healthy strands of cum onto his stomach.
Jim heard her cry out in the bathroom - he knew she must have been fingering herself pretty furiously and it sounded to him like she had liked what she saw.
"Oh my god, I just came so hard watching that. I'm going to make my husband fuck me tonight but I'll be thinking of you and your beautiful cock. Send me a message tomorrow, whenever you want but show me something hot and I'll return the favour."
She was good to her word and did make her husband fuck her that night. Jim wasn't sure he was going to be able to keep up with her. He thought it might be a good thing to have some help satisfying her newfound desires.
~~~~~~~
The next day, Resa was so excited about receiving a message from the waiter that she could hardly focus. She ran through work on autopilot, trying to blame her husband for putting this idea into her head. She knew that it was her desires that were driving this forward but she was still very distracted, even earning a questioning look from her boss in a meeting that she didn't feel fully aware of. She had been thinking about what she would send back and hadn't come up with anything yet. Finally, just before four o' clock, the waiter's message came through.
She had asked for something hot, but she hadn't expected what she was looking at. It was a short video of him reflected in what she thought was a bathroom mirror. He was holding his phone in one hand while the other was holding the ponytail of the woman who was on her knees, bobbing her head up and down on his cock. Resa could only see the back of her head but she was still transfixed.
The waiter's eyes were locked on hers through the camera, seeming to stare right at her. It was an incredibly erotic sight, she couldn't see his cock, but she was already imagining being right where this mystery woman was. She felt a small sting of jealousy as she realized that she wanted to be the one on her knees. She wanted to be the one to please him.
"Did your husband fuck you hard last night?" he texted.
Ah, 'turn about is fair play', she thought. "Yes he did, he bent me over the back of the couch and fucked my brains out. I was thinking of you though, that it was your hands pulling on my hips as you pounded your hard cock into me."
"I wish it was. Where does your husband fit into this?" he asked.
"He knows what I'm doing. He wants me to be happy, and I think doing some very dirty things with you would make me happy," she replied. "Who's your friend?"
"She works at the restaurant, we have a 'friends with benefits' kind of thing going. She caught me looking at your photos and dragged me in here. I thought it was pretty hot, you thinking of me while fucking your husband and me thinking of you while getting my dick sucked."
"Is she good at it?" she asked with honest curiosity.
"Yes, she is. Are you good at it?
"No complaints from my husband," she replied, "but I wish that was me there right now, on my knees so I could show you. As for now, I think I owe you something hot in return." She had taken some selfies but she didn't think she had anything to match what he had sent. She quickly went to the office washroom. She removed her panties and filmed an up close video of her hand strategically covering her pussy. She was gently moving her hand, sliding her fingers around her opening but never revealing too much. It was very hot but also very intimate.
"I want to taste you," he replied.
She knew it had all been leading to meeting in person but this really felt like the start of something more than sexting. She wanted to be with him, she wanted his tongue all over her. "What are you doing Saturday night?" she asked.
"I've got a shift at the restaurant til eleven."
"Can I pick you up after?"
"Absolutely, I'll meet you out front."
She was on her tiptoes all week wondering why the hell she hadn't suggested a closer night. Jim wasn't complaining, she had been all over him, wanting sex every night. He was almost looking forward to a night off on Saturday.
~~~~~~~
Friday finally came around and Jim knew Resa would be absolutely on edge with anticipation for tomorrow night. He was at work and it was just after lunch when his phone buzzed. He picked it up assuming it was her talking about tomorrow night. Instead, it was a photo of their tree guy in their backyard pruning the branches on the plum tree in the back corner. She added the caption, 'He's kind of cute.'
'Umm, what?' thought Jim. "How cute?" he replied.
"Cute enough to have some fun with," she texted back, with a photo of her in the bathroom mirror wearing her favourite lingerie. "Cool?" she asked.
"What about your date with the waiter?"
"Oh, I'm keeping that date but this is a cock in my backyard right now, and I'm horny as fuck!" she replied. "Besides, I want some practice before meeting up with him."
Practice, Jim laughed to himself. He wanted to remind her that she had been sucking his cock for the last 20 years but he guessed that she wanted to prove that it wasn't just him that she could please, she wanted to know that she could please other men as well.
"So, cool?" she asked again.
"Very cool," he replied with a heart emoji.
Jim tried to get back to work but really only sat there staring at his phone for what felt like an eternity as he wondered what was happening. After a while, his phone buzzed again. There was no text, just a video clip. He clicked play and there were his wife's beautiful lips, stretched around a rather thick cock.
The video was only about five seconds long but he watched it over and over, poring over every detail. The glimpse of her favourite lingerie peeking out from under her housecoat. Her amazing cleavage swaying back and forth as she jerked the tree guy's cock with her hand. The way her fingers didn't quite touch as they circled his shaft. And the smile on her face as she popped his cock out of her mouth at the end. He was still watching the video when another text came in - a photo of her smiling proudly with a generous load of cum all over her neck and down onto her tits. Jim looked at the time and had to give the guy credit -- he didn't think he would have lasted that long.
"I'm cleaning up," she said, "get home soon."
Jim still had a meeting he couldn't get out of but he excused himself as soon as he could and drove home, lucky not to crash into someone with his mind racing to fill in the details of her sordid little afternoon. He thought it was kind of lucky he had the meeting, the tree guy's van was gone when he got there, he thought that might have been a bit awkward if they crossed paths in the driveway.
He got out of his car and saw her peeking through the blinds, smiling giddily. He opened the door and was hugged immediately with murmurs of 'I love you' and 'did you like it?'
They kissed and he said, "Of course, but first things first, how did it happen?"
"Pretty much like you said it would, I went outside, showed a little cleavage, said I wanted to blow him and he said 'sure'.
"I'm going to need more detail than that," Jim laughed.
"Well, like I texted you, I saw him and thought he was cute so I went and changed into something sexy and put my housecoat on over top in case the neighbours looked out. By the time I got back downstairs, he was on a ladder trimming some of the higher branches. I walked outside and asked if he needed anything," she said.
While she was recounting the story, she had dragged Jim over to the couch and was now tugging on his belt while she continued.
"He kept looking up at the tree and said he was fine so I got closer and opened up the housecoat a bit to make sure he'd get an eyeful. I stood next to him and said 'Be careful up there, I wouldn't want you to fall.' I put my hand on his leg and slid it up his thigh. That got his attention, he looked down and I think he liked what he saw because his pants started to twitch," she giggled.
At this point in telling the story, she had freed Jim's cock and had sat him down on the couch. She lay down on the couch next to him and started slowly stroking his cock.
"My face was just about level with his crotch and I stared at it as I asked him again if there was anything I could help with," she continued. "You would have been so proud of me, I flicked my eyes up to his and lightly brushed my lips with my tongue. He was standing there kind of slack-jawed so I moved my finger up to trace the outline of his cock in his pants and said, 'Maybe there's something you can help me with?' He just kind of nodded silently," she laughed.
"I'm sure he did," Jim stammered as she was almost absent-mindedly continuing to stroke his cock.
"I led him into the rec room and told him that you were a pervert and that you wanted to watch me suck another man's dick. I think he would have done anything at this point, I was rubbing my hand on the outside of his pants and could feel how hard he was getting. I told him that you only had one request - evidence. I handed him my phone and got down on my knees. I had already thought about recording the selfie video to tease you. Did you enjoy what I sent you?"
Jim moaned, "I just about killed the battery on my phone watching it."
"Do you want to watch the whole thing?" she asked shyly as if she hadn't just blown a stranger in their house.
She pulled her phone out and cued up the video. It started with the frame pointing right at her breasts as she was lowering herself to her knees with her hands on the tree guy's belt. She looked a little nervous but she was glowing with excitement as well. "Are you recording? I'm in focus?" she asked the tree guy.
He mumbled 'Um-hmm' and she carried on, working his belt loose and undoing the button on his jeans and slowly sliding the zipper down. Resa obviously knew her husband would be watching so she was putting on an amazing show, her lips parting in anticipation as she pulled his pants down and then hooking her fingers over the elastic of his underwear.
She looked up at this point, knowing that she was getting closer to the line of no going back. She kept looking at the camera as she pulled the waistband forward and over his cock, which sprang out towards her face, finally happy to be free of its confines. It was maybe a little shorter than Jim's but definitely thicker.
Back on the couch, Jim was holding the phone so they could both watch while she lay beside him with her face in his lap. Her tongue was lightly flicking around the head of his cock as they lay, transfixed by the video.
In the video, she had pulled the tree guy's underwear all the way down now and was sliding her hands back up his legs. She cupped his balls with one hand as she wrapped the other hand around the base of his shaft. Resa felt a dirty little thrill run right down to her pussy as she felt the first cock that wasn't her husband's in over 20 years. The tree guy let out a small moan which made her smile as she moved forward towards his cock.
She held it straight up as she flattened her tongue right above his balls and dragged it up the shaft to the tip. She gave a few light flicks of her tongue on the head and with the slightest of pauses, plunged it into her mouth. Jim just about came right there as he heard the sultry moan that escaped his wife's lips as she sucked the tree guy as deep as she could. The head of his cock pushed her cheek out as she sucked hard and Jim could see that she was swirling her tongue around like she knew he liked.
Jim thought that the tree guy was doing a good job filming, far better than he would have done. She pulled the tree guy's cock out of her mouth and asked him to hand her the phone. This was where she recorded the clip she had sent. Jim had memorized every part of this scene, trying to burn it into his memory forever he hoped. Tree guy laughed a little and commented on how lucky her husband was to have such a sexy wife who was willing to do this to fulfill his fantasy.
"You don't know the half of it," she laughed. "I'm an amazing fuck as well."
She finished sending Jim the clip and handed the phone back to the tree guy. "I do think, however, that I need to be careful that I don't start enjoying this more than him. I'll be sucking dicks all over the place," she chuckled as she got back to business. She looked back in the camera again as she got back to licking and sucking his cock.
She moved her hands down to her housecoat, sliding it off her shoulders and then tugging at the straps of her lingerie, pulling them down until her magnificent breasts spilled into view. Tree guy was lasting a while but it was obvious to Jim that she was taking her time, sucking mixed with stroking and a firm squeeze if she thought he was getting too close. She looked up at the tree guy this time as she worked his cock with just her mouth. Her hands were running all over her breasts, squeezing them and pinching her pink nipples until they stood firm and erect.
"Do you like my tits?" she asked.
"Fuck yeah!" he responded.
"I want you to cum all over them," she gasped as she popped her mouth off his cock. "Can you do that for me? Just don't miss the money shot," she warned with a devilish smile. She grabbed his cock with one hand and held it on her tongue as she pumped it. "Come on, cum for me," she panted, her face a bit slick with sweat.
Jim could tell the tree guy was getting close because the camera started to shake a little as her speed increased. It was a lot to take in - his beautiful wife, one hand squeezing her breast as she stroked the tree guy faster, sucking and licking the tip. She looked as amazing as he had thought she would - better than any porn Jim had ever seen.
The camera was very shaky now as he finally grunted, "Fuuuuck!"
She quickly aimed his cock at her tits as he let loose several huge strands of cum that splashed on her chest and ran down into her cleavage. She pumped and squeezed every last drop out of him with a wicked smile on her face. "I'm not even going to ask if you enjoyed that," she smirked. "Thank you for your help," she laughed as she leaned back to admire the mess on her body. "Bye baby," she said to the camera.
"Holy shit!" Jim exclaimed. "That was absolutely amazing. That was the sexiest fucking thing I've ever seen."
"I think you're just so happy to see a dick in my mouth, you don't even care whose it is," she laughed. "I may have watched a bit of porn to get some pointers," she added, sheepishly.
"And?"
"And some parts I liked and some parts I ignored. I think I like the dirty talk though - it seems to cause as much of a reaction as actually touching. I'm going to work on that."
"Why don't you climb on my dick and work on that right now?" Jim smiled.
"Yes sir," she said in mock submission. "Would sir like to suck my tits while I bounce my ass on his cock?
Jim held his cock as she lowered herself down. She was so wet, he slid inside in one motion. He knew he wouldn't last long. "I love you," he beamed as he looked up at her.
"I know," she smiled back. "Now shut up and fuck me."
~~~~~~~
The next morning was the day of her date with the waiter. Jim noticed she had been quiet for most of the day, not unhappy but obviously thinking about something. He had just finished another row of the large tiles in the bathroom and came into the kitchen to find her sitting at the table, staring into her coffee.
"What's up?" he asked.
Resa had been running it through her head all morning, trying to figure out how to broach this. "I think we need to talk about the ground rules again. I really enjoyed giving the tree guy that blowjob but I also really, really wanted to do more. I didn't because we hadn't discussed that."
Jim was beginning to realize that something had truly awoken in her. "What doyouwant?" he asked. "I mean, you fulfilled my fantasy of watching you with another guy. What do you want next?"
"I still want to do that for you... and me," she blushed, "but I want more as well. I feel like I want to explore some things, some with you and some with other people. Would you be okay with that?"
"Are you talking about an open marriage?" Jim asked. He was a bit hesitant because there were so many unknowns, but he knew he'd be an asshole and a fool to say no. She had fulfilled his desires, he thought it was only fair for her to explore hers.
"I'm not sure. Do you want to have sex with other women?" she asked quietly.
Jim laughed, "I don't know. I hadn't really thought of that. Anyway, I think I'd have a tougher time finding a partner than you have."
"I think you're underestimating your assets," she laughed. "I'm sure we could find a hot young waitress with a thing for distinguished older gentlemen." she smiled.
Jim smiled in return and paused while he thought this through. He got up to make himself a cup of tea and sat down at the table again. "I want you to be happy," he said, honestly. "I want you to feel free to explore and know that I'll love you always. I'm excited, this is a new side of you and I don't want you to be worried about what I'm thinking while you're out. The only thing I'll ask is that you tell me everything when you get home - no secrets."
"Can I still send you videos?" she smiled.
"You better!" he laughed. She climbed onto his lap and gave him a big hug.
"Thank you and I love you," she murmured into his neck. "You're too good to me, I promise I will reward you with something special - I already have a few things in mind," she said, suggestively.
"Any hints?" Jim laughed.
"No, but I guarantee you're going to fucking love it."
~~~~~~~
She was much more relaxed for the rest of the day until it came time to get ready for her date with the waiter. Jim walked past the bedroom and saw every dress she owned on the bed. When she finally came downstairs, he had another brief moment of panic, he always knew she was sexy but now she was dressing and acting like she knew it as well. Every guy who saw her would want her. She had picked out a snug knit dress that she had bought online for a New Year's party a few years ago but had been too shy to wear when she had tried it on at home. He could see why see chose it. It had a fairly low scoop neck and it flattered her curves perfectly. It also wouldn't require much effort to get out of the way. He met her at the door and ran his hand around her hip and over her beautiful ass. "No underwear?" he asked in mock surprise. "What have you got planned?"
She lightly smacked his hand away and said, "Don't worry, you'll find out. My cab's here, don't wait up." She giggled a little as she brushed his lips with a kiss on the way out the door.
She walked down the driveway to the cab. She hopped inside and the driver said, "Downtown, right miss?"
"Miss," she laughed. "I'm more ma'am than miss but I appreciate the thought. Yes, downtown please, the new restaurant on Fifth."
She noticed the driver adjust his rear view mirror slightly as he pulled away. She made eye contact with him and saw his eyes flick down to the top of her breasts. She wondered if men had always looked at her like this and she had never noticed. Maybe it was her newfound confidence in her sexiness that was making the difference. She laughed a little inside, the dress probably had something to do with it as well - she didn't exactly look like she was going to get milk and eggs from the grocery store.
She took notice of the driver for the first time as well. A man into his early middle age but with no excess fat on him. It was a thin but not unfriendly face that kept glancing at her in the mirror.
"Busy night?" she asked to break the tension.
"Steady," he replied. "Busy enough, but not too busy." The words were small talk, innocuous enough, but the desire in his eyes was not. Not desire, she thought, lust. Pure lust in the eyes of a man she had just met. Her husband was right, any man could be hers.
"Right here is perfect," she said as they pulled up to the front of the restaurant. They only had to wait a minute until the waiter pulled the door open and sat in the empty seat behind the driver. The driver's eyebrow arched a little when he saw how young the waiter was and arched a little bit more when he saw him lean in for a passionate kiss. She titled her head up for the kiss, curving her back and pushing her breasts to the top of her dress. He put his hand right above her hip to pull her close and she let out a gasp.
"To the Kerrington Hotel on Bay Street please," she said to the driver. His eyes flashed to hers once more. Whatever the driver thought before, he now knew exactly what was going on.
The waiter had moved to kissing her neck while his hand had moved to her bare thigh, sliding it up until it ran into the hem of her dress. "You look amazing," he said.
"Thank you," she replied. "I was hoping you would like this dress."
He leaned in again to kiss her neck while he caressed the deeper curve of her inner thigh. "Is the driver watching?" he whispered.
"Yes," she replied as she spread her legs slightly.
"Are you wearing any panties?" he asked.
"Of course not," she whispered.
"Do you want to put on a show for him?" he whispered back.
She hesitated for a second or two. She had said earlier that doing dirty things with the waiter would make her happy and this definitely felt dirty, but so hot. "Yes," she moaned, a little louder than she meant to. She locked eyes with the driver again and flicked her eyes downward.
He picked up on her signal and adjusted his mirror even lower.
The waiter still had his face buried in her neck, kissing up and down and gently sucking on her ear. His hand pulled on her thigh and she eased forward, spreading her legs for him. She pulled her dress up to her hips until her pussy, slick and wet was right there for the driver to see. The waiter slid his hand further up her thigh until his fingers rested right beside her opening.
"Can I touch you?" he asked.
"Yes," she moaned again as she closed her eyes.
He moved his fingers to either side of her slit and began to slide them up and down, teasing and pushing gently, driving her crazy with the anticipation of his full touch.
She looked in the mirror again and she wasn't sure how they were going to get where they were going. The driver was watching the road one second and watching her the next - it was a good thing the streets were quiet.
The waiter finally moved his kisses back to her mouth, exploring with his tongue as she flicked it with hers and sucked it deep into her mouth. Two of his fingers suddenly dipped into her opening and she let out another moan. His pulled them out, slick with her wetness and began to slide them around her outer lips.
She wondered what had come over her and what her husband would think when she told him about how fucking hot she got getting fingered by the waiter while the driver watched. Then she remembered him saying that she could do what she wanted. And she really wanted this - to be watched, to be displayed, to be pleasured. She stopped worrying and pushed her pussy forward again, grinding onto the waiter's fingers which were now freely exploring her opening. He pushed his fingers further inside, using his thumb to firmly press on her clit as she writhed in ecstasy.
"We are almost there," the driver said quietly.
"Around the block," she panted. "Go around the block."
Her orgasm hit after the second corner and didn't stop until they were rounding the last turn in front of the hotel. The dirty thrill of being watched while she came only added to its intensity. As she came down from her peak, she realized how loud she had been and she also realized that she didn't care. When they came to a stop, the waiter removed his hand and she took a minute to compose herself and slide her dress back down.
"Thank you," she said to the driver as she paid, leaving a generous tip. He in return handed her a business card and said, "If you need a ride anywhere else, you can contact me directly here." She looked into his eyes directly this time and saw the lust there, burning even brighter. She tucked the card into her purse and stepped out the door the waiter had been holding for her.
"Have you done that before?" the waiter asked as they walked inside.
"No," she laughed. "That was definitely a first."
He waited patiently in the lobby looking at some artwork as she checked in at the desk. He walked over to meet her as she approached the elevators to their room.
"You enjoyed it though? Being watched by a stranger?" he asked as they stepped into the elevator.
"What do you think?" she laughed again. She moved to the elevator window which looked out over the atrium of the hotel.
"I think you have a bit of an exhibitionist in you," he said. "I think you like being watched and not just by your husband. I think you like it more than you realize." He moved behind her, pressing himself against her ass until her breasts were pushed against the glass. "I think you would like it if I fucked you right here, maybe a maid or some guests would see you take my cock."
"My husband gets so turned on when he watches me. I guess I'm starting to get that too."
"Your husband knows about this? He is okay with it?"
"He is. He knows that I love him and that this is fun for both of us. He gets to fulfill his fantasy of watching me with other men and I get to fully explore my sexuality. He really only has one request, that I share some photos or videos of my encounters so he can see what I've been up to."
She reached behind her to feel his cock through his pants as his hands reached around to cup her breasts. He felt their weight in his hands as his lips dragged across the back of her neck. Luckily, they arrived at their floor before things really got out of hand. She stepped out towards their room, finally a little nervous about what came next.
She had booked a suite and she was impressed when she opened the door. Modern furniture, a huge bed and a full height window at the end of the room overlooking the city. She walked the length of the room to the window, admiring the view and wondering if anyone out there could see her.
The waiter came up behind her, turned her to face him and pushed her back against the glass. He held her arms against the window as he kissed her mouth and neck and the tops of her breasts. His breath was hot and his arms strong as he pinned her there. She writhed under his attentions as he worked his way back up her neck. He released her arms, reached for the bottom of her dress and started to lift it up her trembling body.
She couldn't fault his urgency. He had been very patient and focussed on her pleasure in the cab and she now wanted to repay the favour. He pulled the dress over her head and she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra, dropping it to reveal her fully naked body.
"You are a very beautiful woman," he said as he stepped back to take her all in.
"You don't mind some of my age showing compared to your 'friend'," she asked.
"Not at all, she is also beautiful, but your beauty is that of a woman, ripened to perfection."
'A little corny,' she thought, but she didn't really care, she wanted him.
"Well, this seems a little unfair," she said as she trailed a finger around her bare nipple. You with your clothes on and all. He stepped forward and she unbuttoned his shirt as he started to undo his belt. He was lean with smooth muscles and she kissed his chest as she pushed his shirt over his shoulders to admire his firm, young body.
She trailed her fingers down his stomach as she lowered herself down his body until she was on her knees, her back almost against the glass behind her. She looked up at him, hands resting on her thighs, waiting patiently for him to finish removing his pants. She had seen his cock on her phone but as he released it from his underwear, it was so much more magnificent. It was smooth and sleek, a bit longer than her husband's but maybe a touch thinner. It was beautiful and she ached to feel it in her mouth. A subconscious moan escaped her lips.
"So your husband likes to watch, does he? Hand me your phone." She grabbed her purse and handed her phone to him.
"How about we start right here," he said as he started recording. She slid her hands up his legs to wrap them around his beautiful cock but before she could, he collected both of her wrists in one hand and pushed them against the glass over her head. She let out a small gasp. His grip was firm on her wrists -- she wasn't uncomfortable, but she was also not in control. Her mouth opened in anticipation as she alternated looking up at him and at his cock which was only a few inches in front of her face.
She had definitely been in charge with the tree guy but now the waiter was in complete control and her pussy was getting sopping wet again as she waited for what came next.
"Do you want to suck it?" he asked.
"Yes," she whimpered. She leaned forward, trying to take it in her mouth but he pulled back.
"Tell me," he said, not sternly, but with no doubt about who was in charge.
"I want to suck your cock," she breathed. "I want to feel it in my mouth. Fuck, I want you to rub it on my face, I want to taste you," she said in a near whisper as she stared at it. "Please," she said as she looked up at him. "Please fuck my mouth."
"You want me to fuck your mouth?"
"Yes," she whispered again. She leaned her head back against the window and opened her mouth waiting for him. God, this felt so dirty, but so hot. She knew her husband would explode when he saw this video.
The waiter finally moved toward her, teasing her, with his cock just out of reach of her mouth. He bumped it into her lips, smearing his precum all over them and she hungrily licked it off. She looked up at him again and he pushed his cock in as far as he could. She closed her eyes and savoured his taste as he slowly started to slide his cock in and out of her mouth. It was as good as she had imagined and she pressed her tongue under the tip as it pushed into her mouth again.
She took in all the sensations of the moment - the soft carpet under her knees and the cool glass of the window on her back. She imagined that someone out there could see her, watching the waiter push his cock in and out of her mouth, watching her tits bounce back and forth as he increased his pace. She was getting lost in the sensation of being used like this and let out a deep moan as she imagined all those potential eyes on the other side of the glass watching her be the sluttiest version of herself.
The waiter pulled his cock out of her mouth and rested its wet length across her face. She reached for it with her tongue to lick the shaft. He pushed closer to her until her tongue was on his balls and she greedily sucked one into her mouth. She was dizzy, so intoxicated by this feeling, imagining how dirty and slutty she looked not only for her imagined watchers but also for her husband. "Oh, fuck yes," she breathed.
The waiter pulled back and thrust his cock into her waiting mouth again. He was going faster now and she sucked him as hard as she could on each stroke. Suddenly, he pulled out and stepped back. Her mouth was hanging open as she looked up at him wondering if something was wrong.
"Where do you want me to cum," he asked.
She paused for a second. "Wherever you want," she said, honestly.
"No," he said firmly. "Don't think, just answer. Where do you want me to cum?"
"My mouth," she replied instantly. "I want you to cum in my mouth. I want it all."
He pushed his cock towards her again and she willingly took it into her mouth, sucking and slurping as his rhythm increased. The back of her head was just starting to bump the window with each thrust as he went as deep as she could take it. His breathing was getting ragged as she looked up at him. He was truly fucking her mouth now and her saliva dripped off his cock with every stroke, splashing down onto her tits.
Suddenly, she felt a tightening in his cock, heard him groan loudly and then thick jets of cum launched down her throat. She swallowed as much as she could but he kept cumming until it spilled out of the corners of her mouth and onto her breasts. She was still sucking as he pulled out and released her arms. The last of his cum spilled out of her mouth as she knelt there panting heavily.
Her arms were a bit sore but she moved them to her breasts and rubbed the cum around her nipples as the waiter stepped back to frame the entire mess that she was.
"Your husband is a fucking lucky man," the waiter said. "That was the most amazing blowjob I have ever had."
"Can I get a signed statement to that effect," she laughed. She stood up a little shakily and leaned against the window. "I think I'd like to clean up," she said. She grabbed his semi-hard cock and pulled him into the bathroom. She was thrilled to see it had a large walk-in shower with a rain head and several body sprays. She turned the water on, got in and began to rinse herself. The waiter got in at the other end and she turned to him to run her hands around her breasts and stomach under his lustful gaze.
"I seem to remember something about you wanting to taste me," she smiled as she moved her hands to her pussy. She pulled back the hood of her clitoris. "I have been told that I am especially delicious right there." She closed her eyes and leaned back, gasping as the water from the rain head struck her exposed flesh. The sensation was lovely, but soon replaced by the pressure of the waiter's tongue on her. She let out a squeal of pleasure as he lapped at her, softly at first but then with increasing intensity. He explored her, using his lips and tongue as she pulled her outer lips back with her fingers. He thrust his tongue inside her before bringing it up to flick at her clit. She let out a hiss and her legs wobbled slightly.
He quickly grabbed her thigh and lifted it over his shoulder to support her as he drove his face further into her. She, in return, grabbed his hair and pulled him even closer. 'He's good' she thought. She didn't think he was as good as her husband but she had taken 20 years to train him. The waiter was, in her opinion, better than any twenty-something guy had a right to be.
He spent a while using every part of his mouth and tongue to pleasure her until he started thrusting his tongue in and out of her opening and she cried out, "Oh, fuck yes!" She was close and the waiter knew it. He slid his tongue up to her swollen clit and sucked it into his mouth. He flicked his tongue over it before driving his tongue firmly onto it, pushing it from side to side as her orgasm exploded over her. Her other leg gave out, and he now fully supported her as she continued to convulse on his face.
He kept licking her until her orgasm subsided, then lowered her leg and stood to kiss her, her juices fresh on his lips as their tongues met. After a moment to collect her breath, she asked, "How... how did you get so good at that?
"You remember my 'friend'," he smiled. "She is very direct about what she likes - I just paid attention."
"Can you pass a thank you on to her for me?"
The waiter was now stroking his recovering cock. He turned her towards the glass of the shower door and she put her hands her hands up on the glass as he pushed her towards it.
"Do you want the camera again?" he asked.
"No," she said. "This is just for me."
She could see herself in the bathroom mirror as he came right up behind her. "Bend over, show me that ass," he said. She obediently pushed her ass back towards him and stepped her legs apart - a good little slut awaiting her reward. He positioned his now hard cock and guided himself into her slick opening.
She gasped, "Oh, fuck." This was the first time any cock other than her husband's had been in her pussy in over 20 years. She didn't want to think about how old the waiter was then, she just wanted to enjoy the feeling of his smooth, hard cock pistoning in and out of her.
She watched her breasts pressed firmly against the glass in the mirror with this hot young man looking at her over her shoulder. Her husband had always made her feel desired but this was different. Their marriage was a loving partnership built of many pieces but this was pure animal attraction and lust.
The waiter massaged her ass with his hands as he started to fuck her harder. She felt her climax approaching again as she watched his face contorting with pleasure in the mirror. "Harder, " she begged. "Please fuck me harder."
The waiter had now hooked his hands around her hips and was pounding his cock as deep as he could. She bent over further and started to flick her clit with her fingers. Another orgasm rippled through her body and her legs almost betrayed her again. He thrust his cock into her twice more before he bottomed out and stopped. She felt his cock pulse heavily and a warmth fill her as he came, this time it was the waiter's knees wobbling with the intensity of his orgasm.
After cleaning up again, they lay together on the bed for a while, her head resting on his chest. She was thinking about what she wanted from these encounters beyond the sex. She had enjoyed seducing the tree guy and being in control, but she also got so hot by being submissive with the waiter. She knew the only way to figure out what she really wanted was to try more things. She had figured one thing out though - she liked being watched.