Author's Note:This second chapter can be read as a stand-alone work, but it will make more sense, and you will enjoy it more if you start with the first chapter to gain context. All characters involved in sexual activities are 18 or older. Although inspired by real experiences and circumstances, any relation to actual persons or events is purely coincidental.
__________________
The day after Sadie, Joy, and I visited Plato's Retreat sex club, we were somehow both energized and exhausted. After spending several hours nude together amid the hedonistic wonderland, we felt more open and natural around each other. What had always been a comfortable, close friendship now had an undercurrent of unacknowledged sexual tension.
Tara, the youngest of our roommates at 18, had chosen not to join us but sent us off with encouragement and our promise to tell her the details of the visit. After we returned, she asked us a barrage of questions about our experience. Although sexually inexperienced and modest about her eye-catching figure, her quest for information and sexual details of ours and others seemed insatiable. She was captivated by the descriptions of the bodies, atmosphere, and sexual activities we witnessed.
Our respective memories of the evening were enhanced as we relived the events we witnessed from our own perspectives. The nudity, the sex, the writhing mass of human bodies in various degrees of fornication. We shared our personal reactions and whether we were aroused by the situation with Tara and each other. But, of course, we omitted some details. I did, anyway. And, well, so did Sadie. Maybe Joy as well—I didn't know for sure because I can't say if she did.
But we did more than just discuss our adventure. What I thought of as the "Plato's Effect" began to alter our attitudes and behavior—as if our experience at Plato's caused our inhibitions to vanish and our libidos to blossom. It started after our return from the club when my ordinarily discreet and modest girlfriend Joy stripped naked and fucked me with lights on and blinds open. And unbeknownst to Joy, we were joined by an audience of one when Sadie watched us from just feet away, openly self-pleasuring herself. I didn't know what to make of these developments, but absolutely wasn't complaining... ours is not to reason why.
The four of us were close friends, and our New York City one-bedroom apartment seemed cozier and more relaxed than before—a friendly, comfortable place. A place where we connected and shared personal and intimate thoughts and feelings without judgment or critique. But also with a fair dose of naughtiness and mischief.
That next night we cooked a light meal together for dinner, accompanied by cold sparkling wine—a Cava—which was refreshing in the oppressive summer heat. Refreshing, tasty, and easy to imbibe more than we realized. After dinner, we were all feeling pretty loose. We lounged, chatted, laughed, and enjoyed a relaxing evening without particular plans or obligations. Which, of course, left a void to be filled by our indecorous imaginations.
At one point, Tara got up and went to the kitchen to get some snacks and more wine. As Joy, Sadie, and I watched her, we quietly speculated how she would have reacted to the previous night's visit to Plato's Retreat.
"I think she would have freaked out," Joy mused. "She hasn't had a serious boyfriend, hasn't had sex or anything close to it, and probably hasn't seen an adult man naked in real life—maybe not even a pic, for all we know."
I was skeptical about her never even seeing a photo but remained silent.
Sadie concurred. "Yeah, she needs to live a little before she can handle a visit to Plato's, even if she just watched like we did." She flashed a meaningful glance at me, a micro-moment of shared secrets. "Otherwise, I think she would be scarred for life."
We all chuckled at the thought of our innocent and inexperienced Tara having her first exposure to actual sex at a full-blown orgy.
"Though I think it would do her some good to live a little, Sadie said. "Personally, I think she needs to get laid." We all laughed and nodded to that sentiment.
I listened to this exchange with interest, enjoying the general direction of the discussion.
Tara returned and set down a wine bottle, chips, and chocolate. She looks at us with suspicion. "What are you three talking about so quietly—plotting another sex-venture?"
We shook our heads and probably looked guilty. "Just reminiscing about last night a bit, no secret plots," Joy replied.
Tara looked skeptical. "Whatever. Anyway, I need to visit the little girl's room, but I was wondering if we wanted to play a game or something, maybe cards—something fun. So let me know what you think. I'll be right back."
Sadie, Joy, and I all nodded and said it sounded like a good idea. Then, as Tara walked away, we all looked at each other—mischievous grins spontaneously appeared as we all thought along the same lines.
Joy ruminated. "A card game. Hmm, afuncard game." She lifted her eyebrows up and down in an exaggerated way.
Sadie said, "Like poker, maybe." Looking at the two of us, she continued. "Like..."
We all said in unison, "Strip poker!" We laughed, then glanced at each other, took a breath, and then all blurted out exactly together, "Jinx!" We cracked up again at our own wit. We were definitely a bit buzzed.
I shook my head, "I can't see Tara going for that. Or... what do you guys think?" I looked back and forth between Sadie and Joy.
"Well, she did go with us to buy Plato's t-shirts, Sadie said. "Maybe she's more adventurous than we think."
I shrugged, and we silently pondered that for a moment.
Joy said, "And it would be fun—and a challenge." She chuckled, "Well, we've all seen each other nude, so nothing left to the imagination there. Seems only fair that Tara isn't left out."
I nodded approvingly and smiled as I noted that Sadie also nodded in agreement. "So, how should we bring up the idea, what's the approach?" I asked, and glanced at the others, seeking their counsel. "We weren't hatching a secret plot before, but we never said we wouldn't ever do so." We all smirked at the observation.
Sadie said, "I think we bring the subject up and make it sound natural and unplanned. Make it sound adventurous and fun, not threatening. So she might go along with the idea, especially if we all agree."
Joy nodded in agreement. "Yes, that's good." She leaned forward conspiratorially, made her "I've got a plan" face, and outlined her idea.
"Ok, so, Sadie, you suggest it as the older and more 'mature' one of us." We all grinned at the irony of that. "And I will say, 'I will if you will,' and we go back and forth a bit like that as if considering it for the first time, then we say YES, and see if she goes along."
They both looked at me, and I shrugged and grinned. "I love it! And I might add that you two are quite devious!"
Tara returned, and we all got refills of drinks. Joy grabbed a deck of cards and asked, "Who's ready for some fun?"
We all nodded and lifted our glasses in a toast. Muttered over each other. "Fun. Cheers. Here here," and the like.
"So, what say you," Joy continued with a contemplative look. "What are you in the mood for? What d'you want to play?" She looked at each of us. "I don't know about you, but I'm kind of sick of the same old, same old."
As if on cue, Sadie proposed that we play strip poker. And, as if enacting a scripted scene in a play, the exchange happened almost exactly as we had planned. Joy feigned interest with some reluctance. I stayed neutral but open to the idea, Sadie encouraged, and Tara seemed cautiously intrigued. Finally, Joy said, "I will if you will," to Tara. She nodded encouragingly and smiled at Tara.
Tara bit her lip in contemplation, then agreed, parroting back Joy's offer. "Ok, why not?" She shrugged. "If you play, I'll give it a go. I've never played strip poker." Tara had a twinkle of excitement in her eyes and seemed eager to play, which I did not expect but was glad to see.
I picked up the cards and shuffled them. "So, I think it will get pretty complicated if we try bidding and bluffing using clothes. And I'm a bit buzzed, so why don't we simplify things. How about we just deal five cards and not bid, draw, or exchange cards. The person with the worst hand has to take off a piece of clothing."
Joy laughed. "Well, we won't have to think so much that way, which is probably good."
Sadie added, "Oh, and let's make it a bit more interesting. The one with the highest individual card, regardless of the rest of their hand, takes a drink. They then get to ask the person with the lowest card a 'truth' question, which must be answered, and answered truthfully."
The three women smiled and nodded in agreement with no hint of nervousness or reluctance. We were all somewhat tipsy, but their interest didn't seem to be alcohol driven. We had drunk maybe just enough to remove inhibitions that wanted to be removed anyway. I was just happy to be there!
I felt a buzz of excitement.This is amazing; I can't believe it. Maybe I'll finally see Tara naked. That would be so great. But I wonder if she'll actually go that far.I was also eager to see both Sadie and Joy nude again in this very different situation.
Joy, ever the planner, sorted out the number of articles of clothing we each had to start with to make it "fair," whatever that meant in this context, and we began.
The first several hands fairly evenly distributed the worst—and losing—and the highest—drinking and questioning—among us. Socks had been put on for the game and were the first to come off, then a headband (which we ruled didn't count). Meanwhile, the "truth" questions started innocuously, such as "what do you wear to sleep in," or "tell us about your first childhood crush."
Then Joy lost and pulled off her shirt, so she only had a bra on top and shorts below. I had the highest card. I took a drink and asked Sadie, "Tell us who, when, and where you first had sex."
Sadie pinched her lips and looked up in thought. "Son of my mom's best friend, 16, our basement guest bedroom."
I lifted my glass in salute. "To young love... or maybe just young lust." We all drank.
I lost my shirt, and since I had nothing under was the first to show some "real" skin. We each had approximately the same number of high cards and were very dutiful in taking our drinks.
Our questions became more personal. We learned that Joy first had an orgasm when she was 12, I had sex with 4 women and Sadie with 7 men, and Tara walked in on her parents having sex (but didn't see actual sex). Sadie had oral sex with a woman, Tara thought Prince was sexier than Michael Jackson, I spied on my neighbor sunbathing nude, and Joy had only masturbated with her fingers (no toys). The combination of intimate questions and gradual stripping created an erotically charged atmosphere.
Sadie then lost twice in a row, losing her shirt, then shorts, so she was left wearing only her bra and panties. Her bra was simple, white with a tiny little bow in the middle, and her knickers were white with lacy edges and top, high cut on sides, barely covering her mound.
I couldn't help taking a moment to remember how Sadie looked nude, how her small breasts drooped just slightly without a bra, and her nipples were a deep pink, round, and tilted upward. And that her pussy was framed with trimmed sandy-blonde pubic hair.I can't wait to see her nude again ...
I felt a slap on my leg, then Joy held her hand to her mouth and called on a pretend radio. "Earth to Mac, your turn to deal." I laughed and dealt the cards.
Tara lost next and unexpectedly chose to take off her shorts instead of her shirt. I watched her with appreciation.Well, that's interesting—is she teasing, or maybe she isn't wearing a bra? I'm sure she is. I wonder why she didn't take off her shirt first?
Tara was wearing simple white panties, no frills or lace, but which looked naughty peeking out from under her shirt. She sat cross-legged, which prompted me to imagine what her sex must look like sitting like that. Only a thin layer of white cotton covered her pussy, and I could see a faint hint of dark pubic hair through the fabric.
I lost the next hand and was down to my underwear. I tried to think non-sexual thoughts because I was nervous I would get hard during the game, and I resolved not to do so. This was a daunting, if not insurmountable, endeavor in light of the game we were playing.
Fortunately, I made it through the next four hands. Sadie, however, was not so fortunate. She lost next, and we all looked expectantly to see what she would do since she was only wearing a bra and panties.
Sadie stood, swayed her hips like a stripper, and slipped her thumbs under the waistband of her panties as if to pull them down. Then she spun, unhooked her bra instead, pulled it off, and tossed it away smoothly, revealing her pert handful-sized boobs with a shimmy and laugh.
We all clapped in encouragement and appreciation. Sadie did a mock curtsey and sat back down. Her areolae tightened, and her nipples stiffened in response to being in the open air, pointing slightly up as I remembered.
Tara lost next and, not surprisingly, took off her shirt, so she was left in her bra and panties. She seemed relaxed about her minimal level of dress. I enjoyed her attitude but did not expect it based on her past modesty. I reasoned that her underwear covered more than her beach bikini, so she likely didn't consider it particularly risqué. That was my theory for her comfort level. I, however, found her far sexier sitting in our living room in only her underwear than in a bikini on a beach. Location, location, location, as they say.
Joy lost her shorts, so she joined Tara in the bikini look. I joked that, luckily, our apartment was clothing optional since Sadie and I were topless and wouldn't want to get into trouble. My comment triggered another playful leg slap from Joy—though I'm not sure exactly why.
The next hand had a "moment of truth" element, as whoever lost would have to show some private parts—or all in Sadie's case. I was only wearing my boxers, Sadie only her panties, and Tara and Joy were down to only bra and panties.
We seemed to have forgotten the drinking and "truth" questions part of the game as we got caught up and focused on our slow physical reveals.
Sadie dealt, and Tara lost. She had never been nude or even topless with a man and was faced with fully baring her boobs in mixed company for the first time. We waited, suddenly quiet, wondering if she would chicken out or go for it. I sat, eyes glued, not wanting to miss a moment.Damn, I've dreamed of this, seeing Tara's tits, seeing her nipples. Please, please go for it—show us. Please don't stop now.
Tara did not disappoint but did surprise us.
She stood. "Well, in for a penny, in for a pound."
Not to be totally outdone by Sadie's little stripper moves, Tara twirled around twice, showing her long, toned legs, firm abs, perky butt, and full breasts. Her wavy brown-auburn hair floated loose and settled just past her bust. She stopped and shimmied her shoulders as she bent forward slightly and gave a pretend air kiss. Then, with a wink, she paused and looked at each of us, her green eyes shining.
Then, instead of taking off her bra as we expected, she swiftly pulled down and kicked off her panties. She proudly faced us, a triumphant grin lighting up her face. Bottomless. Stunned, I took in her fully exposed vulva.Holy shit—she's showing her pussy. Wow, surprise. A Damn hot surprise. Damn.
We were astonished that Tara chose to expose her pussy before her boobs. But, even more surprising—to me at least—was that she was carefully groomed and partially shaved.
Based on Tara's sexual inexperience, I had made incorrect assumptions about the look of her pussy. I was obviously mistaken. Contrary to expectation, her dark curly pubic hair was neatly trimmed short and shaved into a wide landing strip, with her labia lips completely bare. It was a look I'd only seen in porn or "men's" magazines, and even then, infrequently.
Her slightly wavy inner lips protruded visibly—not far, but enough to be seen. Her little hood barely hid her clit, which peeked out like a shy animal afraid to venture into the open. And, though it might have been a trick of the light, I saw a tiny drop of moisture clinging to the bottom of her labia.
My thoughts raced.My god, so hot. Bare pussy lips...Tara? Oh, man, she looks so sexy. So tasty—I would love to slather my tongue on her pussy.I couldn't tear my eyes away. It was so unexpected and wonderfully sexy that she would freely show us her most intimate treasure without reticence. And that she did so "out-of-order" to my expectations.

My cock twitched and grew, its seemingly independent mind not obeying my attempts to stay flaccid. Semi-erect and pressing against my boxers, its outline was visible to anyone who may have bothered to look.
My star-gazing at Tara's naked pussy was broken by Sadie calling out with a laugh, "Nice haircut, girl!" Her interjection broke the ice and allowed us to continue the game, with me only sporting a partial but unpredictable erection.
I had trouble focusing on the cards as I tried to surreptitiously peek at Tara's exposed pussy without being too obvious. I did not want to embarrass myself or Tara, or—more importantly—not piss off Joy by too blatantly staring at another woman's crotch. But finally, my luck ran out, and I lost the next hand.
Under the peer pressure created by Sadie and Tara's shows for their grand reveals, I stood, acting nonchalant but quaking inside. I nervously looked down at the three beautiful women at my feet and absorbed the image. Joy wearing a bra and panties, her straight black hair caressing her shoulders, white fabric in stark contrast to her tawny skin. Sadie was topless in panties, round blue eyes twinkling, pink nipples visibly erect on soft pouting tits. And Tara, in a bra with no panties—her long auburn-brown hair cascading down and framing her still-covered boobs, pussy uncovered with its trimmed patch of dark pubes and bare labia. She smiled as she looked up at me expectantly.
That tableau is permanently imprinted in my mind. It has provided many hours of "self-help" assistance over the years.
In the spirit of the game, I played it up. First, I turned away and gyrated my hips as I pulled my boxers down, giving them a full moon. Then, I spun around to reveal my then (finally) nearly flaccid dick and balls, taking a "ta-da" pose and giving a little shake. The ladies playfully clapped, saying, "Don't point that thing at me," or "Watch where you swing that thing—you could put an eye out" type comments. Then I sat.
Joy lost her top next, which she removed, accompanied by a sexy strip-tease dance. Her pink-tinged brown nipples contrasted with her golden skin and became more defined as they hardened in the open air. Her boobs were lighter than her sun-kissed body, with subtle bikini-top tan lines highlighting the swell of her boobs and her nipples.
She sat next to Tara, which lined up the three partially nude women: topless, bottomless, and topless. I sat there, the only fully nude one, enjoying the view and aware of my dick moving around. It repeatedly swelled slightly, then deflated, as if confused about where it was or what it should do.
My interest became laser-focused as Tara lost next and stood again—this time hopefully to reveal her nude body in its full glory. She confidently unhooked her bra, did a little strip tease with the shoulder straps, then smiled as she let it drop to the floor.
Tara's boobs were magnificent. Firm and only slightly tear-shaped, large but not huge. Her rich pink areolae were dark enough to contrast against her pale smooth skin and were round and perfect for her tits. Her nipples reacted to the open air—or maybe to her arousal—by hardening and standing out like little pencil erasers.
She had a smooth, taut stomach and hips nicely curving out from her narrow waist. The total package: all long, well-toned, and enough softness in her butt, hips, and boobs to ensure maximum femininity. Combined with her well-groomed pussy and bare lips, she looked delicious.
My cock pulsed and moved around from side to side like an elephant's trunk playing in the water. I became visibly semi-erect.Damn, Joy might get pissed if I get hard over a different girl instead of her.I tried to minimize the damage by leaning forward for the cards. It didn't work.
Sadie, always helpful, felt the need to point out my discomfort. "Looks like someone's little man likes what he sees, I think!"
I cringed with embarrassment and made some lame attempt at humor to deflect the attention from my arousal. I joked. "My one-eyed monk has trouble seeing and is only trying to get a better look."
"More like a snake charmer has coaxed out the Cobra, ready to strike!" Sadie replied, laughing along with Tara.
Sadie lost her panties next. Mimicking my strip, she turned her back to us and slid her panties down slowly—hips swaying—then let them drop to her ankles, which gave us a perfect view of her nude from the back. Rather than kick her knickers off her feet, she bent forward to her toes with straight legs and slipped them off with her hand. This allowed us to see her pussy lips peeking out between her ass cheeks, nicely framed by downy light-colored pubic hair. She wiggled her butt playfully in that exposed position, then stood.
Keeping her back to us, she looked over her shoulder in a "Betty Boop" pose. Then she laughed, turned to face us fully frontal, and took a "ta-da" pose with arms raised—similar to what I had done—before sitting again. My appreciation of her sexy petite body was undiminished in this encore presentation. I loved seeing her naked as much as I had the previous day at Plato's Retreat.
"Well, shit," came Joy's voice from my side, "I'm the only person not nude. So what do we do, like, just play until I lose? Seems kind of anti-climactic, so why bother?"
I felt a pang of disappointment, thinking Joy was ending the game. But I'd misread her intent. Instead, my spirits lifted as Joy stood, lifted her arms over her head, and slowly turned full circle like a music box dancer. But one with sensuously circling hips. Her compact breasts swayed with her movement, her black hair tickling her nipples. I felt a flutter deep in my belly in response to her sensuality.
We all whistled and egged her on. Finally, she pulled off her panties and tossed them onto my lap, joining the rest of us in our full nudity. She stood with her hands on her hips, chin lifted to the side in a power pose. Presenting herself in her feminine glory. Smiling suggestively.
I never tired of seeing Joy's exposed pussy, so soft and inviting. Her feathery black pubic hair naturally allowed a view of her labia and formed a fan-shaped crown above. Her smooth inner lips extended slightly beyond her outer ones like flower petals opening to the morning sun. Her whole genital area glistened with arousal.
My cock responded like Pavlov's Dog and sprung to full attention, which at this point, I simply gave up trying to hide. Joy smirked as she watched, pleased with herself, flattered that my first full-fledged hard-on of the evening was for her. She turned one more revolution to allow us an extra view, then crossed her legs and gracefully sat back down without using her hands. It must be a dancer's skill.
We sat for a moment, nude, wondering exactly what we were supposed to do next. Our perverted mission to get Tara nude had succeeded beyond expectations, but we hadn't planned beyond that.
I lifted a glass to break the silence. "Cheers to beautiful women everywhere—but especially to the three gorgeous ones right here!"
I looked from woman to woman, savoring their naked bodies. My cock remained rock hard, aided by the vision before me. Three sets of pussy lips, swollen and all glimmering with wetness; three-toned feminine bodies; and three pairs of breasts with aroused erect nipples.
The ladies laughed and tipped their heads in acknowledgment of my compliments. We all drank, then Tara abruptly said, "I fancy some ice cream," and jumped up, towering over us on her long beautiful legs.
I delighted in watching Tara's breasts bounce with her sudden movement and her glorious pussy hovering just above eye level. From my vantage point, I clearly saw that her bare labia were swollen and moist—another visual treat for me.
Joy, Sadie, and I sat, grinning and looking back and forth at each other, not fully believing the evening's turn. We didn't speak, just enjoyed the moment and waited to see what would happen.
Tara promptly returned with a carton of vanilla ice cream and four spoons. "Num, dig in," she invited us.
We each grabbed a spoon and scooped right out of the carton. I glanced at Joy and watched her boobs slightly jiggle as she reached forward and lifted her hand to eat. The temptation was too great. I took a finger full of ice cream and smeared it onto her nipple, eliciting a surprised squeal of protest.
We all laughed hard while Joy looked down at herself and shook her head in protest. Tara evidently thought this a great idea because, without missing a beat, she dipped her hand into the carton and scooped three fingers full of ice cream. Then, she turned and wiped it on Sadie's boob, covering most of it, which elicited more squeals of protest and laughter.
I jumped. "Aayah," I exclaimed, as I felt ice cold on my cock. Joy had retaliated and smeared my entire dick with a handful of ice cream with a twist of her hand.
So, naturally, things devolved into a free-for-all ice cream food fight—or food smear—as we all joined in the pandemonium. Like a badly choreographed dance with everyone off the music and with random timing, we smeared ice cream directly on each other's boobs, butts, pussies, and my balls and cock. We all surreptitiously touched each other sexually under cover of playing, laughing, and squealing throughout.
In under a minute, the carton was nearly empty. We were wet, sticky, and dripping, mostly in places not typically exposed in public or mixed company. Then, breathing heavily from the exertion and laughter, we paused to collect ourselves, still chuckling.
Sadie broke the momentary lull and proclaimed, as only Sadie would, "Ok, truth or dare time!" She looked at each of us in turn. "And I DARE... Mac... to lick the ice cream off of Joy's nipples!"
All eyes turned to me.Well, I guess we're playing Truth or Dare now.I looked wide-eyed at Joy and saw amusement mixed with desire—but no reluctance. Instead, she smiled, flipped her straight black hair over her shoulder, and sat straight. She lifted her chin challengingly and arched her back, pushing her ice cream-covered tits forward—an offering for me to taste.
I took a moment to drink in Joy's darker breasts and nipples smeared with the whiteness of the melted ice cream.Mmm, like where this is going.
I shrugged and smiled with a glance at Tara and Sadie. Then, without a word, I leaned over and ran my tongue over Joy's closest nipple. I circled it with my tongue, took it between my lips, and gently sucked. I admittedly took longer and licked more thoroughly than necessary to clean off the ice cream. I then swiftly ran my tongue over and around her entire boob. As all eyes watched with delight, I also "cleaned" her other one. Finally, I sat back smugly and saw three lovely nude women with varying degrees of lust and excitement on their faces. My cock quivered in response to their attention.
Joy spoke up next. "Now, I DARE, Sadie," pausing for effect before turning her head toward Tara sharply. "To lick Tara's boobs and nipples!"
I perked up at this, and my cock pulsed in anticipation of what I imagined would be an erotic visual treat. Sadie, Joy, and I reflexively looked down at Tara's ice cream-drizzled tits. We waited expectantly, unsure how Tara would react to this level of intimacy. We were all aware that this would be her first sexual contact involving her bare breasts, even if only as a "game." And by mouth. And by a woman.
Tara sat motionless as uncertainty flickered briefly across her face, replaced by a look of resolve and a hint of playfulness. She sat upright, with her full breasts thrust outward as Joy had done. With a smile and mock posh voice, she said to Sadie, "Dessert is served, M'Lady." Tara's eyes twinkled with anticipation.
In a sing-song voice, Sadie laughed and said, "Easy peasy, lemon squeezy—I've got this dare, so you beware."
I wasn't sure about the little rhyme, but my loins loved the spirit of our game. A warm wave spasmed deep in my balls in appreciation.
Sadie reached over and lifted one of Tara's full breasts with one hand, its nipple erect and smeared with ice cream. Watching that simple act was enough to cause my cock to throb. Joy and I stared, mesmerized, as Sadie leaned in and met Tara's nipple with her lips. She first gave it a chaste peck, then ran her tongue around the areola and across and over the swell of the beefy mammary.
Sadie moved to Tara's other boob and repeated the pattern, with the added treat of watching her lift Tara's tit to lick under its mounded flesh. Then, returning to the first, she slid her tongue along and back to the nipple. She then took the entire nipple and suckled it like a baby, making a slightly exaggerated slurping sound.
By then, my cock stood like a steel flagpole, throbbing with the rhythm of Sadie's sucking. We all laughed together at the last flourish of slurping. I felt Joy's hand on my thigh, and her touch almost set me off as we both gazed in arousal at the scene playing before us. Finally, Sadie finished and sat back; we looked at Tara expectantly.
Tara looked around, her face flushed and beads of sweat on her brow. She then gave a devilish smile—a naughty look as if she had become possessed by some kinky gremlin. "I DARE Joy... to lick the ice cream off of..." and looked around slowly as if weighing her options before making a decision. She surprised us again when she did not say, "Mac's something-or-other," as we expected. Instead, with a huge grin, she said, "Sadie's pussy!"
Taken aback at both the dare and that it was Tara who said it, we all looked at each other, wondering what would happen.
Tara—looking pleased with herself—grinned and looked at Joy. "Well, do we get a show, or do you hog everything for your fancy sex club?"
Sadie made the decision and acted before anyone else reacted. Laughing, she rocked back onto her elbows and opened her legs. "Sounds fun, so what the hell." Her position displayed her ice cream-drizzled labia through her matted blonde pubes.
Then, looking at Joy, she said, "Ready when you are." She followed with a wide lascivious grin and an exaggerated tongue swipe along her lips.
Joy swallowed and muttered to herself as if bolstering her confidence. "All right, well, I'm not going to be the one to chicken out here." Then louder to the group, she said, "Ok, so... easy peasy, here I go."
I briefly wondered where the lame rhymes came from but started to appreciate them as precursors to delightful sexual displays. I turned my attention to Joy as she pulled onto her hands and knees. She started crawling towards Sadie's waiting treasure, her hips and ass swaying sensuously. Her swollen pussy peeked out between her legs as if smiling at me.
As I watched Joy slink toward Sadie, my mind briefly drifted. I knew Joy had never been with a woman—unlike many, Joy had not "experimented" with girls in junior high or sometime in the past. I pondered that; girls always characterize and downplay some prior lesbian experiences as having "experimented" when younger. And yet, they could still be "straight." I didn't think men were subject to the same standards, at least not then.
Shaking my head clear of distracting thoughts, I refocused on Joy. This would be Joy's first taste of another woman's pussy—an enticing and delicious idea, to me, at least. Joy perched on all fours, her face hovering above Sadie's sex, which glistened with a mix of pussy juice and melted ice cream.
I loved seeing Joy's mouth just inches from Sadie's moist labia. But, equally as much, I also envied her physically being in that position. I could imagine the delectable treat that awaited her.Mmm, I'd love to taste Sadie's pussy.Finally, Joy lowered onto her elbows with her ass still high and leaned forward between Sadie's open legs. She parted her lips and snaked her tongue out for her first contact.
Tara moved closer for a better view, leaning over to within a foot of the action. I was torn between shifting closer to see the girl-on-girl oral fun and remaining to watch Joy's sexy ass sway with her movement. Maybe take advantage of the offerings she presented there, framed by her thighs and bum cheeks. Joy's pussy was slightly open, the pink of her inner lips showing against her darker outer skin. So inviting and wet, seemingly calling to me.
My little head wanted nothing more than to slide into Joy's wet vagina as she licked another woman's pussy—a major fantasy come true. The idea made my cock throb and stretch as hard as ever before. But my large head trumped that option, fully aware that viewing lesbian cunnilingus up close might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I caressed Joy's ass as I moved forward, stroking lightly between her legs and running a finger along her moist slit. I leaned closer to see Joy's lips arrive at Sadie's sex.
I stroked Joy's ass absently and watched her tentatively lick the outside of Sadie's vulva. First, up one side, over the top through Sadie's fine, downy pubic hair, then back down the other side, making a half circle. Sadie gave a low moan of pleasure as Joy flattened her tongue and slid it up the face of Sadie's outer labia, cleaning and licking one lip, then the other. Joy then slowly slid the tip of her tongue along Sadie's folds and up the middle, pausing every now and then to collect smears of sticky ice cream.
Joy's tongue reached Sadie's clit, which had swollen and extended beyond its little hood. She ran her tongue across it, causing Sadie's body to undulate, then slowly circled it. At the same time, Joy tickled her finger lightly up and around Sadie's folds, then pressed slightly between her pussy lips. Joy began flicking her tongue rapidly across Sadie's clit, then alternated between rapid flicking and gently sucking it like a tiny cock. Sadie's breath became notably ragged as her body trembled with pleasure.
Joy first teased the opening of Sadie's vagina with her finger, then pressed inside. As Joy slid her finger inside Sadie's wet entrance, Sadie's pelvis contracted sharply, and she caught her breath.
Enthralled and aroused, Tara and I watched as Joy pulled her finger out of Sadie's vagina and licked the pussy juices coating it. She then slid it back into Sadie's tunnel and resumed tonguing her clit. I felt like I was in a fantasy dream—this was sexier than anything I'd seen before. My cock throbbed with each breath as I watched my beautiful sexy girlfriend lick and finger another woman. In front of everyone, without reserve or shyness. A woman expressing unreserved libido—a "post-Plato's" woman. I was rock hard and craving... something.
Any pretense of "cleaning ice cream" forgotten, Joy's intense ministrations caused Sadie's body to writhe. Sadie thrust her hips forward as if inviting more penetration, more stimulation. Joy continued lapping Sadie's clit, faster and more forcefully, then pressed her finger into Sadie's vagina as far as possible. She added a second finger and thrust in and out in coordination with her tongue.
Unable to resist, I stopped caressing Joy's rear and moved up Sadie's torso. I ran my hand lightly over Sadie's petite tits, drawn to their aroused swell and erect nipples. I gently cupped her breast and squeezed, feeling the soft fullness in my hand, her hard nipples pressing firmly on my palm. I had been longing to touch Sadie's nipples ever since first seeing them outlined through her shirt fabric. My longing increased after seeing Sadie nude at Plato's, making my touch all the more rewarding.
I don't think anyone—including Sadie herself—even realized I had joined in the fun by stroking her due to the intense sexual pleasure between her legs. I resisted the temptation to use my lips and tongue and returned my full attention to the oral feasting below.
A low guttural moan began deep in Sadie's throat, and she started bucking her hips, her small breasts jiggling and rocking. Sadie grabbed the back of Joy's head and mashed her face into her pussy. Sadie panted. "OH, shit,... yah, that's it, don't stop."
Sadie's entire body writhed and quaked as her orgasm exploded out from her groin. Then, legs trembling, she cried, "Ah FUCK uck, uck, oh, man... oooh." Then she collapsed, breathing heavily, her tits rising and falling like ocean waves.
I nearly came from watching Sadie cum so hard—so near and with another woman. With my Joy at that. I was transfixed seeing Sadie lying on her back, legs spread with a drenched open pussy on display. I had a flashback of a woman we saw in a similar position at Plato's, who had just been fucked and filled with semen. My arousal broiled deep in my groin as I mentally conflated the two images.
Joy sat back on her heels with an adorable self-satisfied grin, breasts heaving from exertion. Tara stared wide-eyed at Sadie's pulsing pussy, fascinated and also breathing heavily—but from arousal rather than physical exertion.
I was stunned to see Tara reach out and lightly touch Sadie's glistening pussy with her finger. She moistened it, brought it slowly to her lips, and tentatively tasted it! I struggled and failed to reconcile what was happening with all my preconceptions.My god, this is Tara. She-who-is-saving-herself sexually. I can't believe this.But I loved every second.
Tara abruptly sat back up and looked around at us as if just awoken from a trance. She appeared slightly bewildered, then pleased, with a quirky smile playing on her lips.
I caressed Joy's hair, turned her to me, and gave her a deep kiss, only belatedly realizing I would taste Sadie's pussy as I did. And I did, and it was delicious.
We sat a moment, catching our breath, each in our own thoughts. Sadie, however, was not ready to stop. Though she personally was sated, she wasn't quite finished playing our game.
Sadie looked around and said, "Hey, someone hasn't had her dare yet. So, I DARE...TARA, to lick the ice cream off of... Mac's cock!"
No one moved. No one said anything. We all stared at Sadie, amazed. She had dared the inexperienced virgin in the group to give what was tantamount to a blow job to a man. In front of her friends. This would mean Tara's first physical contact with a cock would be sexual. With her mouth. With me.
My mind reeled with multiple jumbled thoughts.Holy shit, this is getting crazy. Crazy fun. Too far? Tara would want her first experience to be more meaningful, maybe, I think. Would Joy be ok with this? Damn, this is so hot. I want to feel Tara's lips on my cock—I think I'll cum quickly. I'll wait and see what the others do.
We all looked at Tara, whose luminescent green eyes flashed a mix of confusion, excitement, doubt, and mischief. Then, her face lit up with a quirky little smile that I was starting to fall in love with. Her mouth moved as if trying to speak, then she swallowed, nodded her head with conviction, and simply said, "I can do that... yes, I would like to do that. I accept the dare, yes."
My cock lurched when she said that—I was edging from the evening of sexual escalation and couldn't think straight. I glanced at Joy questioningly, and she nodded with approval, her eyes glinting with lust.
Then I turned to Tara and asked, "Are you sure about this? It's ok if you don't want to, really."
Joy told Tara, "Hey, we understand either way, but it's good with me if you do. I think you've earned the right to do—or not—just about anything here tonight if anyone has!" She nodded to me and glanced over at Sadie. "And if you say yes, we will be your best cheerleaders!" I loved Joy for that.
Sadie waved her arms in a faux cheer. "Yay, team, get that cream," and we all burst out laughing.
Tara looked from one of us to the other, nodding and still smiling. Then, with a confident and slightly cocky look, she chanted, "A yes is a yes, a dare is a dare, you say I must go, so I now make it so."
Again with the hokey rhymes,I thought fleetingly.Do girls work these things out secretly somewhere I don't know about?
With a big grin, Joy commanded, "Go get that cream, girl!"
I chuckled at the double entendre and blew a kiss to Joy.
We laughed with relief. Then, with the tension broken, we slipped back into fun and games mode. Sadie began another "cheer," and Joy joined in. "Go, go, go, lick that dick... go, go, go, lick that dick!" Then they roared with laughter, and I smiled and waited, horny as hell. My cock quivered with anticipation, and warmth radiated from my belly.
Tara crawled over to me. I leaned back onto my elbows so she would have easier access to my crotch, and I could still see and watch. My cock was as hard as I ever remember, a soldier standing stiff at attention, awaiting further orders.
To our knowledge, Tara had never seen or touched an erect penis in real life before. This suspicion was confirmed when she stared at my rigid pole like an alien encountering a new life form for the first time. She first reached her hand out and touched my dick with her fingertips, watching it sway as she gently pressed it and spring back as she pulled away, causing her to smile. Her touch made my cock ache with arousal.
Tara ran her finger along the side of my dick, scooped off a sticky smear of ice cream, and licked it. She then took it between her thumb and two fingers, feeling its hardness, and moved it around slowly as if testing the gear pattern of a car's stick shift. I watched her with fascination and lust and felt my cock twitch, swell, and pulsate. I slowed my breathing as I fought to control my primal response to her touch.
Tara then wrapped her thumb and fingers around my rigid pole, gripping it fully. She didn't stroke it—she just felt it, squeezed it, seemingly noting the texture of the firm muscle enveloped by velvety soft outer skin. Tara looked up at Joy, who smiled and nodded in encouragement. Tara next slid her gripping hand down to the base, reached her tongue out, and touched the side of my shaft—first a little lick, then up the entire length, gradually adding pressure.
My dick throbbed in response, startling her, then when it repeated, she smiled, pleased with herself. She lapped up and down the length of my shaft, literally licking the ice cream off, sometimes using her lips, other times her flattened tongue.

In waves, multiple sensations of pleasure rippled along my turgid rod and through my body. Tara's warm wet tongue against my hypersensitive skin sent electric impulses radiating from deep in my groin. I muttered, "Ah, god, that's nice."
Tara reached my cock's tip and started to lick awkwardly like an ice cream cone, prompting Joy to say in a low voice, "It works better if you take it into your mouth to suck, like a lollipop. But remember to be careful with your teeth."
Ever the avid student, Tara nodded silently. She slipped my cock head into her mouth, swirled her tongue around the head, and sucked it deeper inside her warm orifice. Very unlike how I'd ever sucked a lollipop. Her warm, smooth, wetness surrounded and enveloped me, causing my dick to tingle with pleasure as Tara's mouth and tongue caressed and tasted me.
The visual of my cock disappearing into Tara's mouth added to the eroticism and heightened my physical gratification. I murmured, partially offering direction and also just expressing pleasure. "Oh, god, nice, that's good. Yeah, like that. Mmm, like that."
Tara took my encouragement to heart. She took me deeper into her mouth, then started sliding my cock almost out of her mouth, sucking as she pulled away. She seemed to instinctively know how to use her mouth for maximum stimulation.
Joy whispered something to her. Tara nodded, gripped the base of my shaft, and pumped her hand up and down while she continued sucking my rigid penis. Warmth spread from my balls, through my cock, and out into my body as Tara licked, sucked, and pumped my pole—it felt warm, wet, and so good.
I hummed in quiet pleasure as Tara paused, lifted my balls, and licked the ice cream off each in turn. She muttered to herself. "Have to be thorough here!"
Tara resumed sucking my pulsing rod. I couldn't believe this was her first blowjob; it felt phenomenal. Like fucking a vagina, but with suction—and a tongue. And lips. And teeth—ok, not really at all like a vagina. But oh, so good. I felt my balls tighten and my long overdue orgasm start to build deep down, the tension and pleasure increasing as Tara pumped and sucked like a pro.
"Mmm, I'm not going to last, too far gone... gonna cum... soon," I said breathlessly. I held back as best I could.
Tara pulled my dick out of her mouth and held me like a joystick. Sounding slightly panicked, she asked, "What do I do? Where does it squirt?"
Joy began, "Aim it anywhere you feel comfor—"
But Sadie interrupted. "You should take it in yourmouthand swallow what you can! Careful not to choke, though!"
Sadie smiled devilishly at Joy, who shook her head in resignation, chuckling.
I scrunched my eyes, and my body and cock clenched as I desperately tried not to explode in Tara's hand.Oh, god, oh, god. Back in your mouth, in your mouth. Please, back in your mouth, in your mouth, quick.
Tara looked fleetingly back and forth between Joy and Sadie. Then, with a determined look plunged my now painfully throbbing cock back into her mouth, sucking and stroking me fast and hard.
I welcomed the return to Tara's enveloping lips. I panted with relief, "Oh, thank god. Ok, here I come."
My balls contracted, and I felt my semen rocket up and explode out the tip of my cock, jetting deep into Tara's mouth. She gagged slightly and pulled me halfway out. But then she turned slightly, sending my next spurts toward her cheek instead of straight down her throat. She swallowed frantically, trying to keep up with the repeated streams of cum I pumped into her.
Glancing over, I saw Sadie and Joy leaning forward, eyes full of lust and amazement as they watched Tara masterfully work my cock. They were masturbating, hands and fingers rubbing their own clits, panting with arousal. I noted their contrasting pussies: Sadie's pale skin with light and downy pubes and Joy's tawny skin with black and feathery pubes. Both sexy and succulent looking. Both were sopping wet with arousal.
I was jerked from my moment of sexual reverie as I felt, then looked down and saw a trickle of cum dribbling out of the sides of Tara's lips and down my shaft. I was amazed at how much of my length she could take. Tara was milking my cock, suckling like a hungry babe at a breast, keeping in and swallowing most of my cream. My dick pulsated, and my belly quivered in response.
"God, Tara, that was incredible! I mean, shit, you sure you haven't been doing this—a lot—before now? Amazing."
She smiled around my cock, but didn't stop her gentle ministrations.
I lay back and enjoyed the warmth of Tara suckling my slowly softening dick. She swirled her tongue gently as if marking her conquest and savoring the victory of her first blowjob success.
A moan caught my attention, and I saw Sadie with her fingers inside her pussy, slowly sliding in and out, dripping wet with her juice. She looked dreamily at Tara, then at me, and gave a content sigh. "That was so hot, I just came—again—along with you."
Joy, her own climax unrealized, sat back up, looked from Sadie to me, and smiled broadly. Then, she returned her attention to Tara's lips on my cock. "Someone seems to have discovered a new taste treat."
My dick continued to soften in Tara's mouth, spent. Finally, my cock head became too sensitive, so I pulled back and out. "Tara, that was awesome," I said. "I think I'm pretty cleaned up there now, thank you." With a wink, I added, "Both the ice cream and 'Mac' cream."
Tara responded by playfully batting my dick. "Well, I've done my bit. I'll turn you back over to Joy now." She sat back, beaming, a smug look of accomplishment grazing her face.
We all noted each other's ice cream, cum, sweat, and pussy-juice covered bodies and matted hair. We grinned, shook our heads, and reached an unspoken consensus that "game time" was over. Then, as if responding to some silent command, we all stood and moved to the bathroom to clean up.
We all crowded into the shower and helped soap and wash each other—with some helpful extra soaping of "naughty bits" and sensual caressing. But we managed to refrain from anything overtly sexual. We shut the water off and stood together, dripping wet.
We all hugged, briefly pressing and sliding our wet, nude bodies together, relishing the intimacy of physical contact. Breasts pressing against breasts, nipples dueling nipples, my cock against stomachs and backs, hands cupping bum cheeks—someone's hand cupped my balls. Then, after drying off, we all kissed each other good night gently on the lips.
Joy and I stood nude, with our arms looped around each other next to the sleeper sofa, as Sadie and Tara headed into the bedroom. I sighed. "Wow, that was incredible." I stretched. "Man, I'm gonna sleep like a log tonight."
I then felt Joy's hand on my cock. "Maybe so, big boy—but not yet." She looked up at me with hooded eyes. "It was so hot seeing Tara suck you off. Seeing you with her—and when I ate out Sadie—just the whole night, I loved it. It was incredible. So hot. And it seemed so right, to be all together, to be together like we were."
Joy caressed my fast-recovering cock sensuously. "Tonight was like a buffet of sex: sucking, licking, fingering, stroking, lesbian, straight—but there's one important activity missing—the main event." She led me by my cock to the bed, turned, and lay down on her back. She spread her legs, revealing her wet, swollen pussy—offering an "open" invitation. "And, now, I'm so ready to be fucked."
I smiled in complete agreement; my cock pulsed, yearning for the luscious tunnel before me. I paused to admire the delicious offering before me and to reflect on the evening's escapades.
I loved what awaited me and loved what we had all just done.Amazedby what we had all just done. Especially Tara—particularly in light of her previous sexual reticence. She seemed caught up in Plato's ripple effect with the rest of us. Her sexual reserve seemed bent, if not shattered—and she had not even been to the club.
Sadie, Tara, Joy. So many possibilities—I was very much looking forward to the rest of the summer. But at that moment, I had more immediate needs to attend to and refocused on the golden goddess awaiting me on the bed.
"Time for tonight's grand finale," Joy said. "And please leave the light on."
End... for now
_________________
Thanks to those who encouraged me to continue with this story or have silently enjoyed it and left positive ratings. I appreciate constructive feedback, responses, comments, and messages, even if I cannot respond to them all. Anything that aids improvement in my writing is welcome and appreciated. Stay tuned for more...