One of my ex boyfriends identified my exhibitionist streak very early in our relationship. In fact I think the relationship began due to my exhibitionism but that is another story.
He loved to work out ways of involving my interest in our sex lives in very inventive ways. The simplest was giving me what he called mallgasms. We would spend time in the mall with him trying to ensure that I flashed as many men (and boys) as possible. I would never be allowed to wear panties and my skirt had been modified so that he could access my bottom and pussy while looking relatively innocent.
I remember the first time well. He had teased me sexually before we even got to town. He was quite aggressive at exposing me when we got to the mall. He had not touched me for over an hour when he sat us down on a small bench at the top of the escalator. Even so I was highly aroused and felt the slipperiness between my legs as I walked. He positioned us as if we were enjoying an innocent cuddle but his hand was able to play with my pussy without being detected.
He set about arousing me as much as possible. In addition to fingering my very wet pussy he also remembered and fantasized about things we had done. He said he was going to force me to orgasm right in front of a witness. I was coiled like a spring and ready to explode on his fingers. He teased me about how cumming in front of someone would appeal to my exhibitionism. I knew he was very right.
We could see the whole escalator and as a man started the accent my boyfriend said that this was the man. It was not the first time this man had come up and past us, he had shown great interest in us the first time. The idea of being forced to orgasm in front of this stranger was overpowering. I wasn't even sure I could hold it back until he reached us.
"You are to make eye contact with him, smile and keep you eyes open while you cum. Do you understand?"
I could barely reply but it was not really necessary. The man held my gaze well before he left the escalator. He seemed to be looking straight into my soul. I was sure he knew that I was about to orgasm and I was determined to show him. I kept looking in his direction but wasn't sure if my eyes were open. I tried to stop my hips from thrusting but this was difficult as the violent spasms threatened to dismantle me.
I know I was moaning loudly and my boyfriend laughed as he covered my mouth with his hand. As my orgasm hit full force he pinched my nose meaning I could not breath. It made the orgasm even more intense. I have to admit it was an extraordinary orgasm: strong, violent, long lasting, devastating and deeply satisfying.
It must have been ten minutes before I could consider trying to walk on my shaking legs. My boyfriend promised to fuck me silly when we got home and he did not disappoint.
I think we repeated this two or three more times. On a holiday he insisted on fucking me on the hotel balcony. We could be seen and heard from at least 50 of the hotel rooms around. I enjoyed it and got many knowing smiles the next day. After we broke up I missed the sex and am ashamed to admit that I offered to have sex with him with no strings attached. I knew his new girlfriend and it appealed to get one over on her.
He agreed saying we would meet at the mall and take things from there. I wanted to be fucked by his gorgeous cock not fingered in public. He said no problem he knew where we could slip into a changing room, which offered some privacy.
We sneaked in on the pretense of me trying on a skirt. We were in the last cubicle where no one would pass by accidently. He sat on the chair facing the curtain and pulled his trousers and pants down to his ankles. He insisted that I mounted him also facing the curtain with no clothes on. To be honest I was so excited he could have insisted on almost anything. His big prick fucked me slowly and deeply and I was quickly right on the edge of cumming.
"Just imagine there is someone standing in front of us watching us fuck. I think you would cum like an express train wouldn't you?"
"You know I would I am so close and I do love an audience."
I was confident no one would hear us as we had not heard anyone enter the area. That was until the curtain pulled open and his girlfriend stepped forward.
"You told me she was a complete slut but I did not believe you could convince her to fuck right here in public."
He had hold of me so I could not get away. I don't think I would have dismounted even if I could have. I was seconds from a full-blooded orgasm. She stepped forward again and slapped me across the face. She seemed to enjoy this and repeated it three more times. As these were landing I was powerless to control a long powerful orgasm flowing through my body.
"Don't you dare cum inside her, she doesn't deserve it."
I didn't really understand this comment but he pushed me off his lap onto all fours. She closed her legs around my head and neck holding me still.
"Now you can come inside her but do so in her bowels."
I was no anal virgin but was taken back by this. I was being held between a woman's legs while her boyfriend was about to enter my bottom. My orgasm had left me sexually satisfied and even his entering my bottom did nothing to change this. He fucked me firmly but not viciously and I could sense him building to his much-needed climax. The grip was now more around my neck and she had pulled me up underneath her. As she moved again my neck was covered in warm fluids. She was pissing on me.
He obviously saw what was happening and lasted only a few more strokes before pushing very deep and squirting inside me. They were nowhere to be seen by the time I regained enough composure to look outside the cubicle. It was probably the only time in my life that the words of Mr. Spiers rang true in my head. It was a defeated me that crept out of the area feeling very vulnerable as one of them had taken my panties and bra.