The ship's nurse pulled back the ice bag from Jonathan's face, and asked, "How exactly did this happen again?"
Jonathan took a deep breath and told his story one more time, "I was coming down the stairwell by the pool deck... I slipped... I fell... boom hit my face." The contempt in Jonathan's words were palpable.
The nurse looked at him suspiciously. "Uh-huh... I see... Well it's a good thing we happened to have a top Dentist from the state of Florida on board. He should be here any minute. Just lay your head back and try to relax" The kind nurse turned down the lights in the room and left quietly. Squeaking shoes were the only sound that could be heard above the slow drone of the ship's engines.
The pounding headache in Jonathan's skull relented slightly as he tilted his head back on the soft headrest. He closed his eyes and tried to remember exactly what happened after the hottest moment of his life with Kat and his best friend Clayton. He remembered everything right up to the moment they walked out into the hallway... Then the next thing he knew he was being brought here with Clayton saying he fell on a stairwell, and his tooth was in a cup of whole milk.
"Thank you SO much Dr. Brown for being willing to see the poor young man on your vacation!" The quiet room suddenly burst forth with light and sound causing Jonathan to wince and turn away from the commotion. He squinted with one eye open to see an older gentleman regarding the glass of milk, and then he looked over to see Kat staring at him intently.
"HOLY SHIT!" he screamed and started to walk his buttocks up the back of the dental chair. His knee hit the small tray over his waist, sending dental implements cascading down onto the floor.
"Oh sweetie... it will be ok" Kat purred and gently patted Jonathan's ankle. "Try to relax. This is my good friend Dr. Brown. He is one of the top dentists in Florida and He will be able to save your tooth from that NASTY fall you took!"
Jonathan's eyes were both open now as he snapped his focus back and forth from Kat to the Doctor, and back again. He didn't know if he should be turned on by Kat's presence or terrified another accident would befall him. He hated dentists anyway, and the conflicting fear of the new tools being placed on the tray he knocked over - coupled with Kat's cleavage spilling out the top of her silken sun dress- made him a complete emotional wreck.
"Doctor... can you save his tooth?" Kat asked placing her hand next to her neck.
"I believe so! That was some very quick thinking of your husband to put the tooth in a glass of whole milk. If we can get this reset in time, I believe a full recovery is possible." Dr. Brown looked at Jonathan and continued, "you are a very lucky young man!"
Jonathan nodded his head and looked past the Dentist to see Kat standing up and straightening the shoulders of her sun dress. The sleeves cascaded softly around her arms, and the billowy fabric went down across her waist and below where he could see from his reclined position. Just then an incredibly sharp pain shot through his jaw as the Doctor began his work.
"OW!! OW ow ow OWwwwwwCH!" Jonathan cried.
"Don't worry son, that will help with the pain very shortly" said the Dr. Brown. He had excellent bedside manner and Jonathan found himself slightly relaxing as a warm sensation began to spread along his lower face.
Once again Jonathan looked past the Doctor, and this time Kat's demeanor was entirely different. She was slowly shifting from side to side and ran her hand up the side of her face. She only broke eye contact after running her fingers through her hair and then bringing her fingers down across her lips causing them to part slightly. She nibbled on one of her polished nails, and then once again stared directly at Jonathan with a look of pure lust.
"OHhhhhh ho ha... iws dis gowna tawk wong?" Jonathan said trying to ignore her.
"Oh that depends on you son... but it shouldn't be more than 45 minutes or so. Please try to relax." Another shot of pain traversed Jonathan's upper jaw this time.
Another glance down to Kat saw her slowly sitting down on the roller stool used earlier by the nurse. The doctor was intently staring into Jonathan's mouth, but Kat closed her eyes and began to run her hands up and down her sides, occasionally cupping her breasts. She would tilt her head to the side and crack her eyes open to regard Jonathan who was not relaxing in the slightest.
"Son... this medication will NOT work unless you try to stay calm." The doctor placed a small device on Jonathan's fingertip and a rhythmic beeping filled the room. "I can only give you so much before we need to progress to possible sedation... "
Just the word 'sedation' made the rhythmic beeping tempo to speed up slightly. The warm sensation in Jonathan's upper and lower jaw was spreading and he could no longer feel his tongue. It was as if it was no longer even present in his mouth.
He began to wonder if he could accidentally swallow it, when he once again looked down towards his feet to see Kat slowly spreading her legs and pushing the fabric of her dress down firmly against the surface of the stool she was sitting on. Her hand started to rub her sex, and she extended her long tongue out to her other arm that was holding the side of her head and pulling her hair back from her face.
The beeping rapidly increased and Jonathan did his best to communicate, "Dowcta... Dowcta... cawn wee pweese haw soom pwi... wa... cee?"
"Son... please... CALM yourself" Dr. Brown said firmly.
Springing from her seat, Kat said with the utmost concern "Oh Doctor is there ANYTHING I can do?"
Dr. Brown looked over his shoulder warmly at Kat. "Oh no -but thank you. This man has an apparent bad case of 'White coat syndrome'!"
Kat and the doctor chuckled to each other and the Doctor focused back on Jonathan... who had his eyes wide open staring at Kat. The heart rate monitor slowly kept increasing its pace as Kat's hand slowly made its way up Jonathan's bare thigh. Inch by inch Kat's sharp nails scratched their way up past his knee... and then past the bottom of his shorts... and then INTO his shorts.
Jonathan began to struggle once again walking his buttocks up the back of the dentist chair, and the heart monitor began to sound an alarm.
"SIT STILL OR YOU WILL GET HURT!" Dr. Brown yelled.
"But DOWCTA!" Jonathan protested just as Kat's hand made contact with his semi-erection. "GAAAAA!" he screamed.
"That's it... " and Dr. Brown spun around punching the button on the phone nearby. "NURSE! Get me Dr. Killian, and please call a code grey."
"Yes Doctor" the nurse replied, and Jonathan heard her call "Dr. Killian... Dr. Killian we have a code grey in room 502... Code Grey, 502."
"Will he be ok Doctor?" Kat said oozing concern.
"Yes yes... this poor lad just can't seem to calm down. We are going to have to sedate him." As the doctor finished speaking, the room's doors once again burst open with another man and several more nurses.
Through the fog of voices blurting out all sorts of medical lingo, Jonathan was rolled over on his side, and he felt a sharp stick just below the line of his shorts that had been unceremoniously pulled down. When he was flopped back over, his vision began to slightly blur. In addition all the sounds of the room began to fade. He felt as if he were falling off a cliff and into a valley of pillows. As the darkness of sleep filled in the edges of his vision, he saw Kat once more regarding him with a sense of amusement. The last thing he saw before fading off into oblivion was Kat slowly winking at him and blowing him a soft kiss.
*****************
Two uneventful days passed as the ship dropped off the passengers who were unable to extend their cruise for the additional week that was bought and paid for by Kat and her Husband. For those who remained, the excitement was palpable. After all... how often does one get to go to a privately owned island for free? Rumors buzzed all around about the generosity of the gift, and what would be discovered on the island. Some said that waterfalls, both natural and manmade were dotted all around the groomed walking paths. Others said that all the plants on the island were imported for two reasons: appearance and/or medicinal purposes. All agreed that it would be an adventure like no other.
One person on the ship who was NOT impressed was Daisy. Daisy was a very attractive woman who had spent her life trying to overcome her looks and get people to notice the quality of her person, and NOT her body. Through school she had been a late bloomer, and the experience taught her that almost everyone judges you by your looks. She had once been a stick of a girl, and after a fateful summer, she came back to school a well formed woman. Suddenly the boys who paid her no mind before were now tripping over themselves to walk her to class. The girls who cherished her as a friend before (everyone needs an ugly friend) were now hateful conniving bitches who viewed her as a threat. She harnessed her hatred of all those fake people and channeled it into being one of the most button down, tight ass, hard wired, organization freaks out there. She never went out without her hair up, and her womanly figure held down. She never did any job without knowing every detail, and most importantly, she never EVER let her feeling get in the way of cold, hard facts... unless of course her feelings were the familiar rage against the beautiful people she so loathed.
Daisy looked into her mirror at her delicate features and put on makeup with darker colors that made her look much older and much less attractive than she really was. When she was done, she sat up and put on a sports bra that held her large cup breasts as flat as possible against her chest so they could not be seen beneath her uniform. Once she had all of her clothing properly addressed, and she had her hair properly restrained in her customary bun, Daisy snapped on her ID badge that sported a picture of her without even a hint of a smile. Above her name was her title: "Public Relations Director".
Being a PR director suited her personality perfectly. If a passenger was seeking her input it was usually over a problem. No one ever needs public relations when things are going well. She was needed if there was a problem OR if there was someone to impress. The no-nonsense attitude she carried from high school served her well, and she could solve almost any situation without any emotion and without any hassle. Passengers responded well to her robotic attitude, and rarely questioned her decisions. Deep down inside however, Daisy was building layer after layer of resentment for the super rich. Now, as she stepped out from her cabin, and into the din of excitement over this so called "mystery island" she could barely keep her disdain in check.
As the PR director, she had seen rich people come and go. As far as she was concerned, they were all alike:. Snooty, contemptuous, and intellectually vapid. How anyone could think that literally BUYING additional time for the passengers would garner her support was beyond arrogance. In fact, when this woman financing the mystery trip... name of: Kat... came on board, Daisy made sure to be somewhere else. When the captain hosted the dinner in Honor of Kat... it's funny how Daisy had a stomach bug. Daisy resolved in her mind long ago that she didn't want to SEE Kat, or even be on the same deck as her for as long as Kat was on board.
As Daisy checked the itinerary for the island stay, she gawked at the lavishness of the dining schedule. "The old hag probably has to be in bed by 8, and can't eat half of these food without upsetting her delicate digestive needs" Daisy snuffed in contempt. She had no idea how old Kat was, but being THIS rich... the bitch had to be pushing 80.
Daisy took a deep breath, and reminded herself that she needed to do her job... even if it was an additional week. The bonus pay wasn't anything to sneeze at, so she would just mind her own business... avoid the VIP's and then cry all the way to the bank.
***********************
Jonathan curled back his lips to regard his now semi-healed tooth. While still very tender, he at least looked normal except for the still black and blue face. If one were to look closely they would still be able to make out each of the knuckles from an excessively jealous husband who happens to be a very large and strong gorilla. After exercising his jaw a few times, Jonathan popped another one of the pain pills the doctor prescribed and headed out the door. He checked his watch to make sure that he was not late. Kat was very specific about him being on the main pier at 2:00 pm local time.
***********************
On the other side of the island, Clayton hurriedly splashed on some of the new cologne that Kat had sent to his room. The bottle looked very expensive, and the fragrance smelled of money. He found himself as excited as ever to see Kat again. Having had sex for the first time a few days ago was like firing up the engine of a race car. He was now more eager than ever to do it again. He glanced down at the perfumed note on his dresser and smiled at the large red lip prints on it. Opening it up for the 100th time, he read:
"Clayton, meet me on the main pier at 2:00 in the afternoon SHARP. I have so much to show you on my island. Please do not be late. Kisses... Kat"
"Kisses... bah!" Clayton smiled at himself in the mirror. "Hopefully a lot more than that!"
***********************
The protected natural harbor was incredibly deep and clear. One could stand on the pier and look straight down over 40' to the ocean floor below. Private tug boats were moored off to the side of the cruise ship, and the custom made debarking platform had long since been stowed away. The lucky passengers were dispersed all over the private island to enjoy it's exquisite grandeur. At this moment all was quiet and calm except for the distant chime of a seaward buoy, the occasional call of a seagull, and the running footsteps of two young men about to see each other for the first time since their tryst with Kat in front of 100's of passengers.
"Clayton!" Jonathan yelled. "Dude! Over here!" He was waving frantically to his friend and pointing at his watch. Within seconds, Clayton arrived to the prescribed spot. The two stood silently for a moment until the large harbor clock chimed.
"Bong... Bong... " Several seagulls shot to the air from the sides of the bell tower and squawked loudly.
"We made it!" the young men said in unison as they glanced around nervously. Silence began to creep in around them once again.
"Your note did say 2:00 right?" Jonathan said as he pushed his tongue up against his tooth.
"Yep... " said Clayton... "try to be patient will ya?"
About that time, a distant rumble could be heard. It sounded like a possible freight train except for the fact that it harmonized up and down as if on the waves of the ocean. The rumble turned into a loud growl that was coming from the entrance to the harbor. Both young men looked into the sun and shaded their eyes as they caught a glimpse of an offshore cigarette style boat racing into the harbor. It was clear that all three of the engines of the boat were running at nearly top speed, because even at a distance the sound bounced off the tall mountainous walls of the harbor and echoed all about.
As the boat slowed to an idle, a large wave crested and splashed over the exhaust pipes, causing a very bubbly and powerful sound. The racing engines would have much preferred to continue pushing the boat for hours on end. Any self respecting male's attention would have been completely consumed by the exotic yellow, orange, and white boat, however Clayton and Jonathan both had their attention squarely focused on Kat, who was standing at the bow of the racing vessel holding a coiled rope in her hands. She was wearing a one piece swimsuit that appeared rather modest from the front, but when Kat tossed the rope towards the young men, they both saw that the entire side of her figure was exposed from her shoulder, all the way down to the string at her hip.
As the rope flew gracefully through the air, both of the dumbstruck boys on the pier stared at the side impressive breast as it slowly moved in a way every man wants to see. Time slowed to a crawl, and Kat's warm smile slowly spread across her white teeth. With the grace of a movie star, Kat raised her arm and waved her fingertips at the young men, and like puppy dogs going for a walk, both Clayton and Jonathan raised their arms in unison to wave back.
Meanwhile, the driver of the boat became enraged, as the rope sailed past both of the guffawing young men and fell harmlessly into the water beyond them. He jammed the engines into reverse and spun the steering wheel several times over in order to keep the boat lined up with the pier while bringing it to an unassisted stop. He glared up at the oblivious barnacles who were both extending their hands to Kat.
"Every fucking time" he mumbled under his breath, as his arms strained against the weight of the boat. He was frantically trying to keep the boat steady as well as fasten the remaining ropes to the pier tie-downs. Even in his frantically busy state, he found himself stealing a quick look at Kat's body as she gracefully stepped up and off the boat onto the pier. The driver then cursed himself and prayed that no one saw his moment of indiscretion. If there was one thing he knew about his job: it was that even one wayward look could get you fired by Kat's husband... or worse. The driver swallowed his heart back down and continued with his duties.
"Hi boys!" Kat said and gave them both a warm... if not lingering hug.
"Hi!... " Clayton and Jonathan said in unison.
Kat took one hand from each of them and spun them around so her perfect ass was in clear view of her driver. The driver tried his best to look away, but she was so perfect he once again took a quick glance. "I am so fired" he thought to himself.
"So are you ready for your surprise?" Kat asked as she studied the faces of her two young bucks. She could tell they were barely able to speak while trying not to stare below her chin. "Well... " she continued, "... we are going to go to my favorite place on this island. Are you ready?"
"Hell yeah!" Clayton blurted out uncharacteristically.
Kat smiled at him and took his arm, "THATS my boy!" and she quicly bounded back into the boat with Clayton not far behind. Jonathan's ego felt a bit bruised, but he got a private show of Kat's naked side as she bounced into the boat. Seeing such a large amount of flesh teasing out the side of her swim suit quickly made him feel better.
The driver had just finished securing the boat to coast guard standards when he heard Kat and her two guests get back in. Kat briskly walked past him, and the unspoken command to get underway was clear. The driver took a deep breath and quickly started to undo what he had just done and prayed the entire time he was performing to Kat's liking. He quickly stowed away the perfectly white ropes and fired up all three engines once again. Within minutes, the salty air was once again racing past as he guided them around the leeward side of the island.
Kat looked over her shoulder at the Clayton who was thoroughly enjoying his powerboat ride. His dark brown hair flopped around in the wind and his clothes were pressed up tightly against his. Kat let her eyes drift down a bit until she found what she was looking for... that particular bulge that formed just below his waist. She looked back up into his eyes and smiled to herself before traversing over to Jonathan.
To no surprise, Jonathan's eyes were fixated on her. They were nowhere near her eyes however, and in fact were several miles south. The poor boy simply couldn't help himself and was staring full on at her breasts as they gently bounced up and down, side to side from the motion of the waves below. Kat giggled to herself and lowered her eyes down to find his smaller bulge had become quite the little tent peg in his pants. Kat laughed out loud and looked forward again. In the corner of her eye against the chrome rail, she saw the driver quickly look up as he started his turn into what appeared to be a natural stone archway into an overgrown area of vines and other hanging plants.
**************************
The gurgle of the engines halted as the mirror finished water was broken only by the tiny waves off the bow of the massive powerboat. Ever so slowly forward progress was halted and all that could be heard was the sound of a waterfall in the distance.
Kat looked at the driver, and told him "Remember: I want you back here at the set time we discussed earlier... no sooner, and no later... is that clear?"
The driver nodded his head respectfully and said, "of course madam"
Kat's expression softened quickly and she once again took hold of one hand of each of her new toys. She walked backwards across the walkway down the long nose of the boat as she looked back and forth between them, pulling them along.
"Now I want you both to relax. This is going to be a highlight of your life that you will remember forever. Do not hold back... don't have any reservations... think of this as your own fantasy island." The blank stares from the young men frustrated Kat, but she recovered quickly, "... never mind. Before your time. Hope you can swim!"
With that, Kat turned and performed a graceful swan dive into the crystal clear water. After a tiny splash, her perfect form slid silently below the surface as she gently blew tiny bubbles from her nose before surfacing again. She turned and smoothed her wet hair across the back of her head while looking up Clayton and Jonathan. She tilted her head in encouragement at the two fully clothed young men.
Clayton was the first to jump in. He made a large splash, but still performed what could be considered a dive. He came to the surface several feet away from Kat's location and quickly wiped the water from his eyes while loudly clearing the water from his nose. Jonathan followed soon after with a very loud and unceremonious belly flop. Even though he had a shirt on, the slap of the water against his skin made even the driver of the boat cringe. Jonathan surface noisily - coughing and sputtering - but still following Kat like a good boy.
Kat giggled as she turned and began to swim silently to the nearby pebble beach shoreline. Once she felt the soft round pebbles beneath her feet, she gracefully stood up and walked out of the water. Both young men behind her were once again transfixed with her body as the water cascaded across her curves and fell to her feet. In the late afternoon light she was a picture of both loveliness and raw sexual power. In the distance Kat could hear the powerboat leaving, and once she felt there was sufficient distance, she turned to face the young studs that were just now clamoring out of the water with their heavy clothes stuck to their bodies.
"Now boys, I want you to listen carefully. You must do everything I say and I promise you, this will be the most amazing experience of your life" With this, she reached over into a small key box that was part of a large tiki torch. Inside there were 2 small vials with a dark liquid inside. She took out both vials, and gave one to Clayton and one to Jonathan.
"I want you to drink everything in these bottles." She said with a smile. "Now I know what you're probably wondering: what is it? Well, my husband and I are very big on the medicinal uses for native plants and this is something new we've been working on. You two will be some of the first to try it." Before she could even finish, Clayton had already emptied the bottle and swallowed every last drop with a smile and a shudder.
"I like your enthusiasm!" Kat purred and looked him up and down.
Jonathan saw this, and quickly drank his down as well. Soon after he coughed very loudly and apparently sneezed at the same time... Kat wasn't sure which. Regardless it appeared AND sounded painful, and Kat's brow furled up in concern.
"You ok sweetie?" she asked and stepped forward to rub his back as he was bent over still.
"I'm fine!" Jonathan said as he rocketed back up to an upright position. His watering red eyes and redder than normal sunburned completion betrayed the fire that was consuming him from the inside.
"You sure?"
"Yeah... uh huh... *cough* never better"
"So what was that Kat?" Clayton asked.
"It's called 'Bois Bande Rum'. You see... Bois Bande is considered by the locals to be a type of natural viagra that works on both men and women. My husband and I figured out a way to concentrate it for well beyond any previous level of potency - all without any ill effects." Kat gave Jonathan a couple sharp slaps to the back, "We decided to put it into a slightly alcoholic drink for a little extra kick." Jonathan smiled meekly as Kat continued, " It can be used by anyone, anytime, and it is totally natural!"
Kat took a few steps back out in front of the rapidly warming gentlemen, and in one smooth motion, reached her hands up inside the loops of her swimsuit and quickly peeled the top down to her waist exposing her perfect breasts in the late afternoon sun. The shadows of leaves softly blowing in the sea breeze danced across her breasts and accentuated their size and perfect shape. Kat stood there and let the view sink in to the four eyeballs that were staring at her. After a few more seconds, Kat gently slid her upside down palms up her hips, across her waist and then cupped each breast... pushing them up and to the center so her nipples almost shared a seductive kiss. She then lifted her left breast slightly higher and lowered her head just enough so her long extended tongue just touched her rapidly hardening nipple. She gave it a few flicks and then looked upon her studs with as much lust as she could.
The reaction with both was very quick and visibly apparent. Clayton's now familiar bulge started to extend downward, while Jonathan's tent peg began to form once again. Kat smiled and said, "You boys might want to follow me." She turned on her heal and started to walk towards the sound of the waterfall, while slowly peeling off the remaining portion of her split one piece suit.
Without hesitation, both young men followed rapidly developing the largest erections of their lives.
**************************
"She wants me to do WHAT?" Daisy said in disgust.
A subordinate took a deep breath and carefully considered her words. "I am just reading this letter of instruction Daisy... don't shoot the messenger. It says right here the owner of the island wants you to go to the far West side of the island and be part of a product test for this new Ale that they plan to offer on our ships! It says you need to be there at 4:00 SHARP"
Daisy thought about it again, "So this old hag wants me... to drink some godforsaken homemade beer... as a guinea pig for our company"
"Basically... yeah." Said the fearful subordinate. "It says here... in this file that Kat has reviewed all the personnel files and chose you specifically due to your background and abilities as a public relations professional."
Daisy considered the bonus check before she did anything else. The size of the check softened her attitude, and she blurted out an exacerbated "FINE!!... Give me the map... "
******************************
Daisy hated long road trips. She hated bugs. She hated nature.
Unfortunately she was neck deep in all three. She had been riding around in a bouncy WWII era jeep for what seemed to be hours on end. The windshield for some fucking reason was laid flat on the hood allowing every single juicy tropical bug to fly into her teeth and face. All around her were green vines, all sorts of plants, and countless noisy birds.
Daisy was ready to give the uber-rich and ancient fossil known as Kat a piece of her mind when they met. She didn't care at this point if she was going to get fired. She had HAD IT. No fucking way was ANY dollar amount worth this sort of torture.
The jeep bounced to a stop and the driver smiled cordially at Daisy as he pointed to a cabin carved into the trunk of a HUGE tree.
"Really?" Daisy said. "Here? So Where's the handicap ramp there... Mr. 7up?" Just as she turned to see the reaction of the driver his tires began to spin in a muddy area of the road sending large clumps of thick, heavy clay all over her pristine white and blue uniform.
"Ffffffffffffuck!! You bastard!!" Daisy yelled sending squawking birds overhead flying in all directions.
"Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggghh!" she screamed at the top of her lungs.
Defeated - Daisy started to squeegee off large clumps of mud from her uniform, and make her way to the tree cabin. She walked up the three steps and entered through the wicker door prepared to unload her mind with both barrels blazing.
"Who the fuck do you... " Inside was a modest table setting with an old style oil lamp gently burning in the middle of the table. No one else was there.
"... think you are." Daisy felt deflated. Yelling at a table and chairs did not have a soothing effect.
She looked around and saw a note written on heavy parchment paper that was sitting next to the oil lamp. Mounted on the wall was a medicine cabinet of sorts with a crescent moon carved in the door. Frustrated, dirty, and entirely shaken being alone in nature Daisy sat down, and began to cry.
Between heavy sobs and shattered deep breaths, Daisy wiped the uncharacteristic tears from her eyes and reached out to unfold the note to see what it said. The writing inside was exquisite and said:
Daisy,
Thank you for being willing to test our new 'Bois Bande Rum' that will soon be offered on all cruise lines under your supervision. As the acting public relations officer, please drink one bottle and then follow the trail outside down to our focus group. There we would appreciate any feedback you may have on the quality of the drink.
Sincerely,
Kat
Daisy was incensed. She was now an isolated product tester in some forsaken jungle on some rich witch's private island. She had never been so mad in her life. She read the note again and focused on the word "Rum".
"Daisy... " she thought to herself... "maybe now is a good time to start drinking." She ripped open the small wooden cabinet and saw 4 small bottles inside filled with a dark liquid. She snorted and counted the chairs surrounding the table.
"Four chairs... four bottles... the bitch can't even count how many guests she needed to invite." Daisy twisted off the lid of the first bottle and drank the dark liquid down.
"Gack!! " she said involuntarily... "That's HORRIBLE!" Daisy coughed several times before the warm alcoholic beverage began to pour into her stomach. A pleasant warm sensation began to spread out into her entire body making her a tad less angry. She looked at the label which had a cruise ship on it. Above the ship fireworks were exploding in the air with hundreds of tiny people lining the rail.
"Well it tastes like shit, but sure does feel nice afterwards... " Daisy thought to herself. She reached in the cabinet and took the second bottle out. A distance echo of a voice that sounded just like hers sounded in her head "maybe now is a good time to start drinking... " and she guzzled the second bottle down with less of the "Gack!" and more of the pleasant warmth. In fact, it was getting warm enough that she actually undid the top button of her uniform.
"Fuck it!" she said. "No one's around to see it anyway!"
This time the warmth was even more intense and Daisy was beginning to see the benefit of this new drink. She normally would have been very much by the book, but suddenly she didn't care so much about rules or regulations. She reached up into the cabinet once more and... to save time... took the remaining two bottles from the shelf and slammed them on the small table.
In quick succession, Daisy twisted off both caps, and slammed both bottles down until she had a nice row of 4 empty bottles before her. Always the neat freak, she lined the bottle caps up perfectly with each bottle and then realized she wasn't feeling drunk at all. The warmth she was feeling was something else... something she couldn't quite decide on.
"Well this is something to report to the focus group!" she thought as she stood up with no dizziness whatsoever. "Who the hell would want to drink some sort of strange rum without getting drunk?" She quickly left the small hut and looked around once again at the area where she had been left off. There off to the sunward side she saw a railing that opened up to what appeared to be some sort of trail that was passable through the thick jungle.
With an inordinate amount of confidence and almost zero caution, Daisy charged off down the trail through the thick growth of the jungle. The soft pebbles beneath her heels were not very supportive of such footwear, so she took them off. To her surprise, the pebbles actually felt very good to the soles of her feet and especially the heels as she walked along. The rocks seemed to be heated almost, and she found that warm sensation starting to move around her body once again. As she considered this phenomenon, she could hear the sound of the waterfall getting louder and louder. Before long, she came to a slight clearing where she could finally see the location of the water as it fell to the receiving pool below. What greeted her eyes next was the one thing she did NOT expect to see.
There before her in a pool of water, and surrounded by a misty halo of rainbows was a man reclining on one of the smooth rocks that had been polished by the waterfall. He was entirely nude and sporting the biggest erection Daisy had EVER seen. At least she THOUGHT it was the biggest she had ever seen... she was only getting a view of it every so often, because leaning over the man was an incredibly beautiful woman who was servicing his penis with what the common vernacular would say was a 'blow job'. Daisy had always thought the idea was somewhat revolting, but she knew all her girlfriends seemed to enjoy it... and this incredibly sexy woman seemed to be enjoying it... VERY much. Daisy's shock didn't end there... for behind the woman was a blond man who was also naked. It appeared as if... yes... no doubt about it. He was having SEX with that woman WHILE she is giving a... blowjob... to the other man!
"OH... my GAWD!!" Daisy mumbled to herself as she moved in to get a better view. She couldn't take her eyes off the man reclined on the rock. He was in his own world as the woman continued to move up and down along his impressive length. Daisy was amazed at his girth as well. How this woman was able to take it down as far as she was... it was simply amazing. Even through the din of the falling water Daisy could occasionally hear the slap of the man having sex with the woman. His pelvis was moving in and out rather rapidly, and the slapping sound was accompanied by ripples up the woman's ass as he pounded into her. Daisy also found herself staring at the woman's dangling breasts as they moved back and forth and side to side. The rhythm of the motion was hypnotic and highly... erotic. Daisy caught herself licking her lips at the thought of latching on to such impressive specimens of the female form.
The warm sensation had had been following Daisy ever since she drank all four drinks was now becoming something more. She didn't much care that she was surrounded by nature. The bugs seem to have disappeared ever since she started seeing these tiki torches. The road trip she had taken was no longer even in her memories as she watched the three lovers. She felt a red hot desire well up between her legs and she started to run her hand up the inside of her leg, never taking her eyes off the impressive peni... fuck it... COCK that kept disappearing down the woman's throat. Oh how badly she wanted to join them!
That cock looked so good as it pulsed in the rainbow light of the water fall. The woman's hair was stuck to her back as the blonde man behind her continued hammering her forward and down to the balls of the reclining stud. Every once in a while the woman would lean back and take that heavy cock and slap it against her face. Daisy was now fingering herself as best she could through her uniform. She found it entirely too constraining, and started to strip of each constrictive layer until she reached her incredibly tight sports bra. Once she released the quad hooks holding the back of it together, Daisy felt the full weight and incredible sensual feeling of her breasts being entirely free. The warm air surrounding each of them was erotic enough, but when Daisy started to cup them and tug on them like the blonde man was doing from behind the woman as he fucked her... Daisy had never known such a feeling.
Daisy started to feel the urge to recline, figuring she would have better access to her own sex that way. She found another smooth rock within perfect view of the 3 lovers as they switched positions. Now the large cocked man was fucking the woman, and she was taking the blond man down to his balls repeatedly. She was moaning much louder now and could be heard above the waterfall. Daisy was rubbing her pussy furiously and enjoying the waves of pleasure that were beginning to wash over her entire body.
She watched as the incredibly huge cock was pulled from the woman's pussy and slapped heavily on each of her ass cheeks before plunging once again deeply into her womb. The woman would momentarily look over her shoulder when this occurred to give her approval to such slutty treatment. The blond man was turning more aggressive as well and was placing his hand on the back of the woman's head forcing her down on his smaller cock. When she would come up for air, thick strands of her saliva dribbled off her chin as she looked directly into his eyes before devouring him once more. Daisy began to fuck herself with her fingers and roughly tweak her nipples in an effort to find satisfaction. She had never known such desire before. She felt completely out of control and she liked it. She wanted to fuck someone... anyone... she wanted to have a woman lick her pussy... she wanted to take down a cock and taste cum... she was an animal on the loose.
Daisy looked down one final time at the waterfall lovers. She watched to see the woman cumming repeatedly as her pussy convulsed around the thick cock that was violating her pussy again and again. The woman's body shook as she exploded with pleasure, and cried out into the sunset. Her eyes had rolled over into the back of her head and her mouth hung open as the blond man continued to face fuck her again and again. His balls were hitting her chin as she continued to cum. The action of her two lovers pushing her over the cliff of bliss again and again.
Just as Daisy was about to make herself cum for the first time in years, the woman signaled to her two studs that she wanted to have them stand in front of her. Daisy watched as the two men stood on either side of the woman and she took hold of their cocks. She moved her hands up and down the full length of each one faster and faster. She would look back and forth into the eyes of each man and gauge when he was about to release his load onto her. Just before he was about to find his release, the woman would stop and hold him tightly until he regained control. She did this to both men repeatedly and Daisy could not take it anymore. Ever since she was a teenager and saw a bootleg porno movie, she was fascinated with how men shoot sperm out when they come. This woman had two studs ready to blow and she kept teasing them mercilessly!
Daisy tilted her head back and began to find her own sweet release right there in the jungle. The fingers on her pussy were a blur, and the other hand was pulling the nipple tight on her large breast. The sensation of the two points of pleasure pushed her beyond the point of no return and she started to quiver in place. In the distance she heard the men begin to bellow out into the wild, and with the last vestige of control she had, Daisy lifted her head to see the results of a true cock slut receiving the fruits of her labor and skill. Daisy watched as the larger cock began to spew forth its milky contents all over the woman's breasts. Multiple pulses of energy pushed copious amounts of cum out the tip and down the woman's fingers. Daisy watched as long strings began to extend from the woman's hand down into the water. The sight was so erotic Daisy began to have a second orgasm. As an overwhelming amount of pleasure exploded into her sex once again, Daisy could scarcely believe her eyes as the second smaller cock began to rifle off multiple shots of cum that impacted the woman's face from top to bottom. The number was too high to count in her hedonistic condition, but Daisy could fully see the results. The woman smiled as thick globs of cum fell down both of her cheeks and onto her breast to join up with the semen that was already there.
The baptized woman seemed entirely satisfied with herself when she then looked directly into Daisy's eyes. Daisy didn't' believe it at first, but the woman winked at her- and then pursed her cum covered slips to blow a kiss in Daisy's direction. Seeing such a sexual woman, in such a state... and blowing kisses towards her... sent Daisy into her third and final orgasm that was bigger than the first two combined. She didn't know whether she should keep furiously working her pussy or if she should hold on to her breasts for dear life as the pleasure inside her nearly made her pass out with delight.
As darkness began to close in around her, Daisy found she had no choice but to fall off into a very deep and very aroused form of sexual coma where she and the mystery woman were both serviced by cocks of all sizes... big and small it did not matter. As long as the end result was a warm fountain of precious cum, Daisy and the woman would be satisfied like the true sluts they were deep down inside.