Since puberty, I've always been turned on by the idea of exhibitionism, but almost always too shy to try it. They say what happens to you when you are young imprints your desires throughout life, and this is the case with me.
When I was barely 18 and still a virgin, girls consumed my every thought. I became friends with the literal girl next door (an older woman at 19), who happened to have a pool. I spent most of the summer going over to her house and swimming. Looking back, I realize that she was interested in me, but at the time I was too dumb to know what flirting was.
We used to play tag in the water, and one day she was more aggressive than usual, and started wrestling with me in the deep end. We were playfully dunking each other, when she suddenly swam under me and tugged my suit down, and then swam to the wall and hopped out. My penis, which was usually half erect anyway, immediately sprung up, and I was left naked in the water.
I felt a mixture of fear, excitement and anticipation. Long story short, she taunted me with my suit until I swallowed deeply and got out of the pool, rushing over to my towel and wrapping it around me. She certainly got an eyeful of my cock, and as soon as I got my towel on, I regretted covering up so quickly, but was feeling too shy and bashful to drop it again. I mumbled a good bye and rushed home to masturbate, not realizing I could have done something with her.
It was the most exciting moment of my sexual life to that point, and I've thought about that day since then, cursing myself for not showing off more. Flash forward 25 odd years, and I am still fascinated by exhibitionism, but as unlikely to try it as I was when I was 15. Even at 40, the most I've ever done was take off my shirt, or maybe skip underwear while working in the garden.
As part of my recent mid-life crisis, I decided that I should start working out to right the proportions of my 6-foot-plus frame. After 6 months of dedicated exercise, I was feeling better about myself, seeing less fat and more muscle reflected in the mirror. With my new confidence, I started thinking more about showing off my newly-sculpted body. It began with dropping my towel in the steam room and sauna as a test. I didn't get turned on by guys in the locker room, but I liked the feeling of walking around nude. My wife liked the change in my body as well, and our sex life had never been better. I felt more comfortable around her as well, and started leaving clothes off around the house too, with the blinds up.
Susan (my wife) has always kept in shape, but she stepped it up once I started working out. I noticed that she too started wearing less clothes around the house, and seemed less shy showing off her body. I started thinking more and more about exhibitionism, and began to wonder if Susan might share some of my desires. I've always been the aggressive one in the marriage, but I noticed that Susan was becoming more direct with what she wanted sexually.
Mirrors are unforgiving and the extra body hair that had cropped up in the last few years now bothered me. In fact, the more I looked in the mirror, the more I thought about maybe getting my chest and back waxed. Then, I thought about maybe my pubic hair, too? I did the math in my head, and realized that no woman other than my wife had seen my penis in 16 years. Why not kill two birds with one stone and fulfill my 25 year old fantasy at the same time?
It was time to live out my Clothed Female/Nude Male dream. Just thinking about it gave me a surge of adrenaline and made my cock swell. Over the next week, the CFNM fantasies came fast and furious, as did I while thinking about them.
Surfing the web for a salon, I knew that I definitely wanted a woman to take care of me and I wanted to be sure I got some personal attention. After creating a whole fantasy, I didn't want to show up to some spa and get shuffled in and out in 30 minutes without a chance to show off a bit. I also didn't want to go to someone's trailer and be subjected to a dirty bed or worse.
Finally, I found an ad:
Gentlemen: I am a Licensed Aesthetician of 16 years who does Men's Grooming in my studio situated in my home. Women love a manscaped man and you will love being hairless too! I sit and chat with clients before treatments so that they are comfortable before we begin. I specialize in the "Brozilian" wax (the waxing of the male genitals, including the crack). Let me help you show off a new body!
I was happy to see that not only was she attractive, but she had this in her FAQ:
Q: "What if I get an erection?" A: "It's natural for some men to become excited while getting waxed, and it is entirely normal. In fact, an erection is helpful for me to clean the hairs off of the shaft of your penis. I operate in a completely clinical environment and no sexual favors are offered. This is not an erotic service!"
Seeing the warning made me feel better as not only does she see erections but also she won't think that I am some kind of creep if I get hard while she is working.
Taking a deep breath, I called the number provided, and got an answering machine with a lovely soothing voice on it. I left a message, and after a few emails and texts, I had an appointment.
The week before the appointment I was in the gym as much as possible so that I would look good. When the appointment day came, I woke up feeling nervous, like I was going on a date. I laid out my clothes: black boxer briefs, a tight cut solid t-shirt, jeans, and sneakers, no socks.
I drove to the appointment, with a raging hard on, but luckily my nerves turned me flaccid as I rang the bell to a little bungalow. A few seconds later, a 40ish plain, but attractive in a MILF-next-door kind of way, woman answered the door. She was about 5 ft. 9in., with brown hair down to her shoulders, hazel eyes, and dressed in what I can only describe as a hippie kaftan with a slight V-neck and slits up the side; showing well-toned ankles down to her bare feet, which added to the gentle vibe of the house. There was a sparkle in her eyes that put me at ease immediately.
I was straining to keep my eyes on her face, but also noticed that her breasts looked remarkably perky for someone her age, so she was either surgically enhanced, or she had some remarkable undergarments on. My cock began to stiffen and I needed a diversion.
Forcing words into my dry mouth I said, "Hi, I'm John... your 2 o'clock."
"Hello, I'm Caroline. I'm glad you found the place all right. Come on through," she said, as she led me into the waiting room.
My nerves got the better of me, and I fumbled at the door, tripping over the door jam. As I did, my arm swung out, and my hand grazed her ass. I couldn't help but feel it a bit, and it was clear that she worked out. Immediately, any blood in my cock rushed to my face and I turned bright red.
"Ssssorry!" I sputtered, "I tripped on the door here."
She looked back and laughed, "Don't worry about it. I should probably get that marked."
We sat down in the chairs, and Caroline asked, "So what are you here to do?"
Immediately, a hundred responses rushed through my head: Show you my cock. Whip out my wang. Come all over that kaftan.
Instead, I said, "Well, I'm a little nervous as I've never done this before, but I want to get waxed. I've been working out and want to show it off a bit better."
"Sure," she said, "you mentioned on the phone you wanted a massage and a back wax, right? That's no problem. What else are you interested in? Chest? Armpits? Legs?"
"Just my back really, though I am interested in some manscaping on my chest and maybe armpits. I don't think I'm interested in going hairless on my legs."
Caroline replied "Not a problem. It may be better to start with a simple shave, since waxing all of those areas at once can be very painful. Is that it? Back and a shave for chest and armpit? Anything else?"
At this point I turned red again, and almost backed out. I stammered, and looked down at my lap, "Well ummm also..."
She laughed again, a sound I was already growing to like, "Are you interested in trimming or waxing your pubic area? Don't be shy. I do it all the time."
I could only nod yes; relieved I didn't have to say it.
"Stand up, and show me what we are working with. Tell me what needs to be waxed."
I turned bright red again, thinking that she wanted me to drop my pants right there in the room, in front of the window.
"No, not your pants, just take off your shirt and show me your back, so I know if we need to shave you before we wax. We have enough time to see the rest in private," she said, smiling.
Relieved, I stood up and took off my shirt, glad I had spent the extra time in the gym. She ran her hand lightly across my chest, feeling my hair, and I couldn't help feel a little charge.
"Turn around."
I turned, and showed her my back, felt her hand skim across my skin again, and then felt her pull my waistband away from my ass briefly before the band snapped back into place.
"Sorry, I just wanted to see how far your hair went down, I hope I didn't surprise you," she said. "This looks simple. We will start with the massage to get some oil worked into your back, and then follow with a wax and a shave. Go into the other room, and drop your drawers."
She smiled again, "Actually just take off your pants and shoes, leave on your underwear and I will be right in."
Finding it hard to believe that my fantasy was coming true, I went through the only other door in the room, and found myself in a small massage, waxing room. There was a standard massage table, but with stirrups on them, unusual, but I was guessing it was so a person could put up their legs for waxing their pubic hair or ass. I dropped my shirt on the only chair in the room, followed by my shoes and jeans. There I was, in my boxer briefs, with an erection starting to rise. I was close to fulfilling my fantasy of being naked in front of Caroline. I decided that I should sit on the massage table, to cover up the growing bulge in my briefs.
I sat down and not 30 seconds later, she entered the room.
"Let's get started. I'll begin the massage with your back using some extra oil, and then finish up on your front. We can then wax your back, and shave whatever you decide needs attention on the front," she said with another small smile, adding, "Whatever you are comfortable with."
"That's great," I squeaked, "should I lay down?"
"I've never massaged anyone sitting up," she replied, grinning.
I started to turn, when all of a sudden she grabbed a hold of her sleeve, pulling her arm inside the kaftan, and shrugging it off her shoulders.
Yes! This is it! She will be nude under that and proceed to blow me and fuck me silly because she is feeling horny today. It's going to be just like some porno!!!
However, as the kaftan fell to the ground, it became clear that she was dressed, wearing a pair of ¾- length tight yoga pants that showed off her well-toned calves, and a tight yoga top that came down to above her belly button, leaving a strip of skin between her top and bottoms. The sight was still great, and my cock gave another twitch upward. I quickly covered it by moving my legs around, and rolling onto my stomach, ready for the massage. She draped me with a sheet, and with no further preliminaries, started the massage, but the whole time, I kept thinking about what was underneath the yoga outfit.
Finally, she told me to turn over and we continued with me on my back where now I could see her top much better. I kept peeking to figure out if she had a bra on and a few glimpses of the tops of her breasts, I decided the answer was no, a decision that only made my cock get harder. I was just hoping that the boxer briefs and the sheet were hiding my erection, since I suddenly nervous about showing anything.
She finished the massage and told me to roll back over to my stomach, so the waxing could start. She had warned me that it would be painful, so I was bracing myself for the pain. I got the sense that she thought it was a little funny that I would soon be wincing under her hands, so was determined to stay as calm as possible.
Caroline snapped on rubber gloves and said, "Let's get to work."
I felt the warm wax going on my back, which felt wonderful, but the warmth was quickly followed by the most awful ripping feel on my skin. I've never felt anything like it, and I sucked in my breath. Whatever erection I had immediately shriveled, as my balls retreated backwards and I felt burning on my back.
"How was that?" Caroline asked with a little too much glee in her voice. "That was the first strip - only about 9 more to go."
"Uggg," I choked out. "I'm not enjoying it as much as you are."
I started rethinking the whole CFNM fantasy, and almost got up and left. However, she started again, and unless I'm mistaken, started pulling harder and harder; enjoying my discomfort. The tearing on my skin kept going, and I could feel endorphins releasing, which gave me some relief from the pain, but the burning sensation on my back was put me on edge, taking away whatever excitement I had felt previously.
Minutes later, though it felt like an hour, Caroline announced, "Your back is almost done. If it's okay, I'd like to pull the top of your briefs down a little, just to be sure we got all of your back hair."
"Sure," I said, as I felt the cool rush of air on the top of my ass, taking my attention away from the pain.
She slid my boxers down my ass, and it certainly felt like more than just a little of me was showing. She rubbed her hand along my skin, and maybe it was my imagination, but it felt like her gloved hands lingered on me a little too long. After all the ripping, it was a nice change, and I could feel myself getting excited again.
"Just a little cleanup here," she said as she put dab of wax on the top of my ass and ripped it off. I thought that was it, but she continued with 4 more strips, moving down my ass, and I felt the burning again, as my sensitive skin had the hair torn from it.
Caroline then took off the gloves and said, "All done, and time for the fun part: more oil on your back to calm down your skin. Why don't you take off your boxers so we don't get any oil them—just stay under the sheet."
This is exactly what I was waiting for and my cock started swelling again, as I nodded my head and reached under the sheet to pull down my boxers and drop them on the floor. While I was taking them down, I moved my body around a bit and snagged the sheet, so it started sliding off, leaving more of my ass exposed. I tried to be casual about it but felt the same charge as I did when my suit got pulled off or walking around naked at the gym.
Caroline turned back around and if she noticed that the sheet had slipped, she didn't say a word. I felt wonderful hot oil on my skin, and soothing massage all over my back. It felt like heaven compared to the waxing. As she was finishing, I felt her hands drift down to my ass, grazing my ass crack, and dipping between my ass cheeks, massaging inside the crack. With my ass half uncovered, and my hard cock digging into my stomach, I gasped again.
"Turn over," she commanded, "Let's get to work on your front. I'm assuming that after feeling the wax on your back, you want to stick with your decision and just a shave your chest?"
I lifted my head up and said, "Discretion being the better part of valor, I think I can only take a shave... I might pass out if you waxed any more areas."
This prompted a throaty laugh from Caroline, and then I realized that this was it. My hard cock wasn't going to be hidden by the sheet soon, and it was now or never to live my fantasy. Swallowing hard, I turned over holding onto the sheet, making sure it didn't slip off.
I made it with my dick still covered, and I don't think she noticed my throbbing cock, though I was sure that would change once she got down to my stomach with the razor.
I lay on the table with my chest exposed, and said, "Shave away... just leave some hair there, I don't want just fuzz." She looked at me and smiled, holding the razor up in the air, turning it on and off. I got the feeling that she was taunting me at this point, and my cock gave a jump with each brief hum of the razor.
Looking at my chest, she tweaked one of my nipples with her finger. "With all this hair, I'll have to be careful, I don't want to shave one of them off." I groaned a bit when she touched me, which prompted another smile.
Caroline put down the razor and reached down with both hands and pinched my nipples HARD, twisting as she did. I was surprised, but there was something pleasing about her actions at the same time. If possible, my cock got even harder. I could feel it throbbing under the sheet as I gasped, and looked at her in shock.
"There you go. I'll be sure to miss them now." She smiled as she said that, and all joking aside, she was gentle as she ran the razor over my chest, asking several times if the length of the shave was right, and if it hurt at all to tell her. I noticed that as she got closer to my waist her breathing got a bit more ragged, and I wondered if she could see my hard-on under the sheet. I was hoping the answer was yes.
When done, she snapped off the razor and said, "Okay, the moment of truth. Do I continue the shave down below, or have you had enough punishment for one day? Personally, I like a man who is cleaned up a bit... makes it easier to see what's going on."
"Well, not to brag, but I've never had a woman have trouble finding anything in my pants. That said, I'm obviously a glutton for punishment, so let's keep the razor going-- though if you thought I was worried about my nipples, I'm even more worried about the boys down below."
Caroline laughed. "Don't worry, you're in good hands. I haven't lost one yet. But, don't tell me you are a glutton for punishment if you don't mean it. I have tools that make the back waxing feel like a massage. So, should you do the unveiling or should I?"
I turned red again. "Um, before you do, I have something to tell you—I'm um, a little, um well, excited. The good news is that it should make it harder to run anything over."
"Oh, John, don't worry, I've known that was under there since we started the massage. I saw you twisting around trying to cover up, and thought that might be the case." I got such a charge to hear that she knew my secret, that I decided there was no time like the present to fulfill my fantasy.
And with that, I sat up and dropped the sheet. I was now sitting naked in front of Caroline, my cock throbbing and jumping with every breath; pointing at her like a horny signpost.
"It's good to know I can still excite a guy this easily, and you actually made this a bit better for me. Your scrotum is tight, so, easy to shave, and I can easily remove the hairs from your shaft this way." She added, giving me a wink, "I will say that I can see why you have no worries about getting that monster lost in the weeds. I bet you don't get complaints. If I didn't know better, I might think that a little pain turned you on, or you just like it when people get a good view of your goods."
If possible, I turned even redder in the face, and to recover, replied, "That was my plan all along. I wanted to make the shaving easy for you, so figured I might as well get hard to simplify things. So um, do I have to handle it, or do you, um, take charge?"
Caroline just laughed again. "Don't worry, Hon. I've touched enough of them to know what to do. Just sit back and relax, I'm good at taking charge."
And with that, I laid back, in front of this sensual woman, with my cock throbbing and bouncing in the air. I was hoping that I didn't come as soon as she touched me.
"If you don't mind, I'm going to skip the gloves—they stick sometimes, and I don't want to pull your skin," she said. I could only gulp in response.
I felt her bare fingers slowly grasp the head of my cock, and slide it to the side as the razor started up, and buzzed away the hair on my left side. I could feel my penis lightly pulsing in her hand as she slowly she guided my cock over to the left as she buzzed the hair on my right side.
"Be still," she purred, and I felt her fingers close around my shaft, as she pulled my aching cock downward and the razor began shaving the hair at the top of my pubic area. The sound of the razor, her warm breath on my shaft, the feel of her fingers... all were exciting me beyond belief, and I was trying hard not to spurt all over. She let go suddenly, and my dick snapped back, hitting my stomach, and I winced a little.
"Now for the scrotum, which is very sensitive, so be very still, unless you want to get hurt," she said with a wicked smile. "While I'm down there, how about your taint? Should I trim things?"
I could only blurt out "Whatever you think is best. You're the boss."
"I guess I am," she said, with the same half smile. "Don't forget that what I say goes, at least as long as I have the razor."
If possible, the renewed buzz of the razor made me even more excited. I could not get enough of this amazing feeling. The vibration of the razor, the cool feel of Caroline's fingers on my aching cock, and the fact that I was completely nude in front of this sexy woman all combined to drive me even wilder.
Her hand pressed my cock into my stomach, stretching the skin of my scrotum even tighter. She ran the razor along my balls, shaving them down gently. I felt her move her hand back and forth, massaging my shaft up and down. At this point, I was sure than nothing was accidental, and she was teasing me on purpose. Unable to suppress feeling of pleasure, I let out a groan.
The razor then dipped down to my taint, as her hand grasped my scrotum, pulling it up out of the way and then squeezing my balls suddenly, and hard.
I flinched at the sudden pain as I felt it spread through my stomach. She continued squeezing, more than necessary to just grasp them, and I let out a grunt, part pain, and part pleasure.
"What's the matter, John? Does that hurt? I can stop if you want, but you did say I was the boss."
The last thing I wanted her to do was stop, and I knew at this point that she was enjoying the little game she started, so I just said, "No, it's fine, keep going."
"John, I asked if it was too much pain... or maybe it was enough—which was it?" she asked with a sharper tone.
I looked up, a little surprised at the change in her, but Caroline was still smiling, so I said, "It's fine, it's just enough pain, no problem."
She finished, and I heard the razor click off. I lay back, enjoying the cool rush of air over my now almost hairless balls, cock, taint, and chest. She let go of my balls, and as much as I was glad the pain had stopped, I missed the touch of her hand already. My cock was twitching, like I was about to come. I was glad that we were done with the shaving, or I was going to explode.
"Now, John, I need to clean up that shaft. You have a few stray hairs there."
Caroline took tweezers, and grasping my cock head again, went to work pulling them out. I would never have guessed that a few tiny hairs would hurt so much coming out, but they did. I could feel her breath on me as she leaned in closely to get them, and I felt her nylon-clad chest brush against my legs. At this point, I was just praying that I would be able to hold out a little more. My cock was aching and I could feel the orgasm building in my balls.
Finally after a few more excruciating minutes, alternating between pleasure of her holding my shaft and the pain, of her pulling hairs, she straightened up and said, "One last step."
She went back over to her table of oils, and brought a big bottle over to the massage table.
"Since your penis and taint are so sensitive, I'll rub some oil on them so you don't get irritated."
She pumped out a handful of oil, and started rubbing my now almost-bare pubic area, touching everything but my aching cock. Down my thighs she went, cupping my scrotum, and pressing on my taint. She got some more oil, and went to my ass, her fingers dancing at the edge of my anus as they quickly dipped in. Back up she went with more oil, massaging my balls, squeezing them to give me another shot of pain. At this point, my head was spinning. I have never been one to like pain, or be submissive, but I was turning into putty in her hands. I would have done anything she suggested, just to be able to come.
"Almost there." She smiled. "Just need to get the shaft so you don't get an infected hair."
With both hands she grasped my shaft, and smoothed her hands up and down it, teasing my cock until I groaned with pleasure. The head of my cock was bright red and engorged, and the shaft was so hard it was aching. I just wanted to come and release the pressure.
And then she stood up and removed her hands from my cock.
"Done," she announced. "You can get dressed now, and we'll settle up."
There I was, left naked on the table, my cock covered in oil and twitching like it was going to set off immediately. When I say that I have never been that hard without coming, I am not exaggerating. My cock felt enormous, and I could feel my balls pressing into my body, as they got ready to spurt.
I must have look confused, because Caroline asked, "What's the matter? I finished the treatment so you can get dressed—were you expecting more? What did you think was going to happen?"
I couldn't help it. My cock hurt so much that I had to come or I was going to burst. I figured that this was as good a time as any to finish my CFNM fantasy. Looking her in the eyes, I slowly started stroking my cock.
Without breaking eye contact, I said, "I understand, no erotic services from you, but do you mind if I have a few minutes by myself?"
The implication was clear — if she left I was going to masturbate. I was hoping against hope that she would stay and watch.
"It seems to me that you might be more interested if I stayed in the room, wouldn't you? I think you are the kind of guy who likes to show off and that's why you came here. You didn't hesitate to take off your shirt and slide down your briefs."
I just looked at her and didn't say a word, keeping my hand on my cock.
"Answer me, John. Do you like women to look at your cock? Tell me the truth."
"I do like someone watching. Please just let me finish. I feel like I'm going to burst," I begged with my hand on my cock, slowly stroking it up and down.
I saw that she was looking at my rock hard cock now, with that same small smile on her lips. To this day I'm not sure why I thought I needed her permission, but for some reason it was very important that she approve of my dick stroking.
Caroline was looking more interested, and then said, "Stop. Take your hand off your penis. Did you mean it before when you said I was boss?"
Startled, I put my hand to my side. I wasn't sure what was turning this woman who I thought was a slightly horny hippie into a taskmaster, but at this point I didn't care. I just wanted to come and I wanted her to watch me do it.
"Um, yeah sure, I guess you are the boss."
"It doesn't seem like you are sure, John, so I will ask one more time. Did you mean it when you said I was the boss?"
"Yes I did," I replied, just wanting to say anything to keep this fantasy going.
"Good. Then lay there, hands at your sides and I will be right back. We will finish our session then."
She turned and left the room. For some reason, I didn't touch my penis or my body, just lay there, hands at my side, with my cock at attention. My mind was racing as to where she was going. Locking the doors? Getting naked? Calling the police?
Finally, after what felt like a lifetime, Caroline came back in the room and shut the door. She was still dressed, with the same smile on her face.
When she saw me laying there, with my cock in the breeze, her smile got wider.
"Good. I guess I am the boss. It's good to know you can follow instructions. Now where were we? I think you were telling me how you liked a woman watching you stroke that cock of yours, right? A bit of an exhibitionist are you? "
All I could reply was, "Yes, I am. Having you watch me is making my cock ache. Please can I come?"
"Not yet. First you need to answer something else for me. Did you like the pain of the waxing?"
"Um, I don't know," I said. "I liked the oil after, and the wax was not as bad as it could have been."
"How about when I grabbed your balls? Did you like that, John?"
I felt myself get embarrassed again, but I was beyond caring. "Um, yeah I liked that. It felt nice; you turning me on and making me hurt at the same time. I've never felt that before."
Caroline said, "Two more questions. How did it feel when I was touching your asshole? Did you like that?"
"Um yeah, I did. I've never really felt that before either. I liked when you rubbed my taint and my ass crack." I was telling her whatever she wanted to hear. I just wanted to rub my cock and finally get off.
"Last one. Do you trust me? Am I the boss in here?"
I couldn't figure out why she kept asking me that, but I said, "Sure, I mean I hardly know you, but I trust you—you are the boss."
And with that I got her widest smile yet. "Good. So if you trust me, I'll let you finish yourself. I'd love to see you come, since I've been looking at that cock for so long this afternoon. I have two rules: First you can't touch me, and second, I want you to do something for me. Agree?"
I could only nod yes, since my hands were itching to get back to my cock. I could feel the anticipation of weeks building up as I realized this beautiful woman wanted to see me come.
"Good. I want you to stand up for a minute, and turn around so I can admire my job. Then I want you to get back on the table after I put the stirrups up. I want you to put your feet in them while you jerk off."
Without answering, I slid off the table and stood in front of her. My cock was still throbbing and red, and pointing out in front of me. Caroline looked at me, smiling, and reached out and touched the head of my cock. Slowly she twisted my cock one way, and then the other, looking at my now shaved pubic hair.
"Turn around," she said, and it sounded more like a command that a request. Nodding, I turned around, standing with my back towards her.
"Good," she said. "Next time, I think I need to wax that ass - a little too much hair for my taste."
I felt her touching my back, running her hand on the sensitive skin.
"I did a good job, if I say so myself." And with that, I felt a hard SLAP, SLAP, SLAP on my backside. I winced from the blows, wondering what the fuck was going on. "Don't worry dear John, you will get used to it."
Thinking she meant the waxing, I just said, "Yes."
"Lie back down," she said as she slid out the stirrups. "Now put your feet in."
Without hesitating, I lifted up my legs and put my feet in the stirrups. It was a tight squeeze, since they were clearly not made for a 6-foot plus man. My knees were in the air, and I could feel the air on my freshly cleaned scrotum and taint. My ass must have been open to her view, but I didn't care.
"Caroline, can I do it? Can I jerk off now?"
"Go ahead, John, but slowly. I might as well get a nice show, if I have to clean it up."
Staring at Caroline and wondering what was under that yoga outfit, I started stroking my cock, slowly up and down. I had been on the edge so long; I knew this was not going to take long. I kept stroking, watching her watching me, feeling the come building in my balls, when suddenly she said, "Stop!"
Startled, I stopped, and watched and she came closer to me.
"You are about to come, aren't you?"
I nodded yes.
"Good. I want to see it up close. Don't worry about where you come."
I smiled, wondering if she realized how much was going to shoot out of my cock.
"Okay, start again. This might help you finish up," she said as she took her right hand and grabbed my balls, squeezing with all of her strength.
I was shocked, but not too shocked to let go of my dick. The pain was spreading through my lower body, but it only made me harder and closer to coming. I realized that I was fast becoming addicted to the pain she was inflicting, and turned on by her aggression at the same time. I knew she could feel my orgasm building up in my balls, and I started gasping. I was moving my hand as fast as I could at this point, stroking my cock, wanting to splash Caroline with my come.
In a matter of seconds after she grabbed my balls, I started shaking and spurting what felt like gallons of semen. I saw spots in front of my eyes, as I shot ropes of hot sperm all over Caroline. She didn't flinch, she just stood there staring at my dick, holding my scrotum tightly, letting my come fall over her chest and face.
Totally spent and sweaty, my legs were quivering from my orgasm, and I looked up to see Caroline smiling broadly. She kept squeezing my balls until every last bit of come had drained out of me. Finally, she released me, and I realized that I again missed the pain now that it was over. Her face and chest were covered in my come, but she made no move to wipe it away.
"Delicious," is all she said, before leaving the room.
I lay there for a few minutes before getting the sheet to mop up the last of the come off the table and me. I was trying to process what had just happened. Not only had I just masturbated in front of a stranger, but I let her do whatever she wanted to me, and loved the pain that resulted.
I reached down for my boxers, before I realized that they wet with semen. Shrugging, I put on my jeans without them, and slipped on my sneakers and went through the door.
Caroline was sitting at her desk, cleaned up and in her kaftan again, with a receipt in her hand.
"Here you go. One massage, one waxing, and some manscaping."
Startled at the sudden business attitude, I reached for my wallet, got out some cash and handed it to her.
"Thanks," she said. "Here's your change, and my card in case you want to come back."
"Um, thanks, Here's a tip." I passed her a twenty. She took it and bent slightly to put in the drawer. When she did, I got a quick glimpse down her front, and noticed that she was completely nude under the kaftan. I could see her breasts and down to her bare stomach. Obviously, she had taken off her semen-covered top. Even though I had just come more than I had in months, my cock gave a leap, and started getting hard again.
"It will be a bit itchy as it grows in, but that's natural," Caroline said as she walked me to the door. "Just make an appointment when it grows out and I'll be happy to give you another waxing. It's not often I get clients who enjoy the process so much."
She held her arms up for a hug. I leaned in and put my arms around her, my hands, slipping down her back. Before she busted me, I quickly straightened up, but not before she gave my dick one last pat over my pants.
"See you soon," she said, smiling that half smile I had gotten used to.
Stammering, I said, "Thanks, I'll call you in a few weeks when it grows out."
Out in the car, I pulled out her card which read, "Caroline Everson, Licensed Aesthetician. Waxing, bleaching, massage" Under the phone number she had written, "Don't forget - I'm your boss."
To be continued...