One summers evening many years ago, whilst in my early 20s I caught site of a peeping tom spying on my girlfriend and I having sex in the car.
My girl was on top riding my hard cock, i suddenly became aware of a young man about 20 peeping above the car door, he must of got a great viewpoint of my glistening love juice soaked cock and the rear of my girl bobbing up and down my shaft.
I didnt react and didnt let my girl know we were being watched, I surprised myself to find that i was so excited that a man was staring at my hard cock and balls with my girl impaling herself vigorously.
Eventually this man must have lost his nerve and quietly retreated, but this encounter left me so excited that i could not forget about it.
My then girl was completely oblivious to this, but i was transfixed and excited by the fact that my hard cock had been seen by another man.
A few weeks went by and i kept thinking of this incident, i wanted it to happen again, but the strange thing was, was that i didnt want my girlfriend with me...i wanted to be watched masturbating myself by a man.
Eventually i plucked up the nerve to go back to the same spot, which is a known lovers lane area and see if the man would reappear and spy on me.
What i didnt know was how he would react to seeing a lone male masturbating in the car, would he make fun, gesticulating and be abusive...but my curiosity and excitement won the day and i would go as the sun was setting.
I pulled into the quiet wooded area just off the road, the nearest properties being about a quarter of a mile away.
I locked the doors of the car from inside but lowered the window an inch so i may be able to hear anyone creeping up on the car in the woods outside.
It was now completely dark, I was in the drivers seat with the seat back all the way flat, the radio was playing very low so i could still hear outside and the dashboard lights emitted just enough light so someone looking into the car could see what was going on. My pants belt was unbuckled and lowered halfway down my thighs, back then in the late 80s i wore tanga styled underwear, which cupped and shaped the male anatomy into a nice bulging pouch.
I was so nervous but excited, anyone out there in the dark peering into cars had to be equally as perverted as myself i thought, this only added to my excitement.
After what seemed to be an hour of stroking and caressing my swollen cock and leaking several globules of clear precum into my briefs, i heard a twig snap and the sounds of what might be clothing brushing through shrubs, and then through the corner of my eyes i could make out a silhouette of a man shape against the slightly lighter night sky about 3ft from the car door.
My hand caressing my now expanding bulge, my cock straining to be released, i could feel another precum globule leak from my slit and soak into my tanga briefs leaving an ever expanding dark patch of wetness, i unbuttoned a few buttons on my shirt exposing my hairless smooth chest so i could squeeze and pull my nipple,
My breathing was erratic as i was both nervous but excited and very much turned on.
It was now that i thought any minute i would be met with shouts of abuse, calling me wanker! Perv!...but no, i was aware that the silhouette was now low down close to the window just above the door, he was getting a closer look.
I was trembling with excitement and my confidence grew, i eased my briefs down exposing fully my swollen 7 inch very hard cock which sprang up flat against my flat smooth belly dribbling more droplets of clear goo into my navel.
Scooping up this slippery precum and coating my cock head making it glisten in the dashboard light.
I slowly stroked my hardened love rod and arched my back upwards out of the seat whilst pinching my nipple with my other hand, i began to moan softly each stroke of my cock bringing me nearer to me cumming, i could not hold back too long as this situation was so hot and horny for me, just the thought of another man seeing and watching me masturbating and ejaculating excited me like nothing before.
A few more minutes of stroking my swollen aching shaft went by and the first feelings of my imminent orgasm started, i hoped the man outside was enjoying my show, i hoped he could see every detail, he thinks that i dont know he is there...but i do and i am getting off on him watching me about to spurt my cum juice all over my fist and belly.
I moan a little louder arch my back towards the window a few more strokes, my balls tighten my lower abdomen tightens and my great pleasure wave of lust travels from deep within up through my twitching cock, my balls clenching and relaxing acting as a pump to spew out my sticky fluid, rope after rope of my sticky cum splashes onto my belly, coating my fist and running between my fingers, one jet catches me on my cheek and several others follow onto my bare chest. My sticky love goo hot on my body glistening in the low light, i scooped the big droplet of cum from my cheek and slid it into my mouth, i have always enjoyed the salty taste of my own cum.
Raising my cum drenched hand to my mouth i began to lick it clean, also scooping up the streaks and pools of my sticky fluid from my spunk spattered belly then i jumped as there was a knock on the car window followed by a face shouting, "Did you enjoy that"! Then the man pressed his hard cock flat against the door window for a few seconds before running off through the woods into the dark.
The truth is i thoroughly enjoyed myself and it excited me to no end a man watching me cum so hard and knowing he also was turned on too judging by his hard cock thrusted on my window.
I repeated this many times in other lover lane areas and had many exciting experiences.
This was the start of me realising i was bisexual, from here i fantasised about being masturbated by another man, me masturbating another man and later having full sex with a man, but these are other stories i want to tell later.