(The fifth in a weekly series)
Through all of these times, Luna studied for her high school exams. It may not seem that way but you can assume that whenever she wasn't at the store or on a photo shoot she was studying online or by herself at Grandma's. There really wasn't anything else to do given the importance of the exams and the importance of the money for her family. When she sent what was left of fifteen hundred dollars after tax to her parents they were so grateful, it almost made the day worthwhile.
"I can't believe I had to make a donation to the government for getting undressed with that boy," Luna complained to Sammy about the tax. It was Friday, and they were alone. Things had been unexpectedly quiet and they were looking at the final draft of the photo book.
"You look good though," Sammy said, a huge understatement. It was ridiculous that a young woman like Luna got her kit off and let herself be felt up by a stranger for porn. It just didn't happen, not with a girl that pretty, that stylish, and with that body. It was kind of like when Maria Ozawa first came on the porn scene (before she 'rounded out') and you're thinking wow, how does someone that gorgeous need to stoop to something like this? And not just nude, but publicly letting guys touch. It was amazing to see someone special like Luna being used for porn.
"Can I ask a favor?" Luna asked as they went through the shots of her being felt up.
"Sure."
"I want... a different memory than that."
"What do you mean?"
"The memory of that guy doing that to me... it makes me dry. But you...," Luna tried to explain, "Can you be the most recent guy that touched me, not that guy?"
"Ah... are you asking me to do that to you?" Sammy asked, looking at the photos.
"Do you mind? It's not for a photo shoot, of course, we can just do it, not to put it into a photo album or anything. I don't want that guy to be the most recent guy that touched my body. It's messing with my... sleep time."
Sammy looked at the clock. Still an hour til closing.
"If we did this," Sammy asked, "I would keep my pants on too, right, like Nathan?"
"If you want. I just want to be touched by someone I like."
"Okay," Sammy smiled. "Go find a dress in the costume room. Get out of your jeans and t-shirt and into something I can reach in and under."
"No underwear?" Luna smiled.
"Of course. I'll feel you up out in the shop. Would that work?"
"I can try!" Luna grinned.
When she came out, Sammy nodded. Short flared skirt, loose short t-shirt. With the skirt waist being elastic, Luna pulled it down and off behind the counter.
"Oh, that's better," she smiled as Sammy stood behind her and gripped her bare ass with both hands. "Now I feel good. I was worried, you said you were not going to touch me again."
Sammy ignored the comment. His hands played everywhere, squeezing her breasts, thumbing her nipples, cupping her mound, dipping in for wetness, and rolling her clit.
"Customer!" Luna squealed as someone pulled into the car park. Sammy pulled his finger from his staff and picked up her skirt, putting it in a drawer.
"What are you doing?" she whispered. "The counter is too low."
"Too late now," Sammy said, ducking into hiding in his office grinning, just before a young couple came in with real film to process. There was no avoiding getting one of the delivery bags off the back shelf. Thankfully the girlfriend was looking at the print items in the display cabinet, so only the guy saw her bare ass and slit.
"Ah, baby, do you mind waiting near the car? My laptop is in it," the guy asked the girl. She shrugged and stepped out.
"Thank you," Luna blushed.
"You are beautiful," the guy nodded. "Can I see again?"
Luna looked out the front window to see if it was clear, then stepped away from the register for him. She loved the look on his face at seeing her bare pussy again. Luna walked around to his side of the counter to the front window, looking to see where the girl was. She was a safe distance away in the car.
"Why are you...?" the guy asked, happily staring. Luna was wickedly gorgeous with a shaved pussy, the last thing he expected to see that day.
"I'm here alone. I was trying some costumes on from the studio."
"I see," the guy said without really seeing. Luna moved back to finish packing away the film and printing out the receipt. She walked around the counter again to give it to him, smiling at how happy he was to see her like that.
"Can I fuck you?" he flat-out asked.
"No!" Luna laughed. "Anyway, you have a girlfriend. Your film will be here Tuesday."
"Will you be here Tuesday?"
"Go," Luna pushed him playfully.
Reluctantly the guy left and Sammy came out laughing.
"Wow, you did so well! Did you see the look on his face? You should have done this, baby," Sammy said, pulling her t-shirt up and off.
"He would never have left the store if I took my top off."
"True."
Only a few more customers came in before closing. Luna scrambled to get dressed each time, only once more getting caught with her breasts still out. Luckily it was an elderly guy who just smiled. After closing, Sammy lay her back on the bed in the studio and drank her pussy to orgasm. Luna thought of Rui as she arched her back on the same bed, squealing equally loudly.
"Oh god, thank you so much," Luna said, kissing him madly afterward. The taste of her cunt on him made the experience even better.
That night at home in bed, Luna was cured. She was able to drink from herself over and over, even her insides were starting to tingle when she fingered herself. Flirting with a man she liked and sensing how hard he was for her satisfied her entirely. Luna felt balanced again.
Sammy, on the other hand, was feeling unbearably unbalanced. Luna was driving him crazy. He badly wanted to bed her properly, over and over. Resisting the urge was killing him. There was only one short-term solution in front of him. Christina wasn't Luna, but she was the same age and was the closest substitute. If Luna had never arrived in their town, Christina would have been the godsend rather than the alternate, right?
"Hi, it's Sammy," he said over the phone.
"I was wondering when you would call me," Christina said happily.
"This is probably an odd request, and I'm guessing you have plans already, it's Friday night I know... but would you be interested in going parking tonight?"
Christina laughed. "Parking? Oh my god, yeah, okay."
"Are you free?" Sammy's heart leaped.
"I can try."
"Your boyfriend, he's not around tonight?"
"Pfft. Friday night is his night with the boys. The only time I see him on a Friday is if he sneaks into my room drunk through the window after the bars shut."
"That happens?"
"Not too often," Chrissy said. "But at least he can last longer when he's drunk. Where do you want to go?"
"How will you manage it? What will tell your folks?" Sammy asked back instead of answering.
"I'm fine, I've got girlfriends that will cover for me. But what about you? Aren't you married?"
"I'm fine," Sammy said confidently -- though in reality, he had yet to think of what he would tell Sue. "Where shall I pick you up? Can you do nine?"
"In front of the library? It will be quiet there," Christina suggested. "And just to be sure, by parking, you mean I should bring condoms with me, right?"
"If you have them."
"Are we really going to do it in the car?"
"Sure. Romance, nostalgia, it will be like living in the fifties."
Christina laughed. "I don't know what that means."
"Nine o'clock," Sammy simply said in return.
It was reckless, for sure. Sneaking off to get into Chrissy's pants was hardly going to solve his infatuation with Luna, but maybe pounding Chrissy as Luna's proxy would ease his anxiety. Luckily Sue was yawning and ready for an early night after dinner. Knowing the answer before he asked, Sammy gave her the choice of him joining her for an early night in bed and fucking her rotten, or him going down to the bar to watch a game.
"Go, watch your game!" Sue chose, of course. "But leave your car at the bar if you drink too much, we can get it in the morning."
"Yes ma'am."
Chrissy was right on time, waiting by the steps in a summer shirt and cotton shorts. She surprised Sammy by leaning over to take him in a clinch immediately as she got into the car. Sammy had expected he would need time to massage them through a period of awkwardness, but Chrissy solved that by immediately sticking her tongue in his mouth.
"I thought you wouldn't call. I thought you had just used me for sex," she smiled. A brief pang of guilt flushed through Sammy. A brief one. He was absolutely using her for sex and was hoping he could close his eyes and pretend it was Luna.
"Really? That's what I thought!" Sammy countered, nicely confusing the girl. "I was afraid to call because I worried you had just wanted sex that one evening."
"No! We said we would see each other again," Christina defended herself.
"Well, we're together now. Shall we go find somewhere quiet? What time do you need to be home?"
"School is finished for me, I don't have a curfew anymore."
"Really? No exams?"
Chrissy shook her head. "No. Mine's all practicals."
"Well, that's lovely."
As they drove they talked as people for the first time, rather than photographer and muse. It was nice, and in the absence of Luna, Sammy may have felt a pang for Chrissy instead. And there was no doubt that as they parked in a quiet place in the hills by the quarry, Chrissy looked beautiful in the moonlight.
"When you get out of the lights of town, it's amazing how dark it isn't," Chrissy said. Confusing as the sentence may have been, Sammy understood what she meant. In the absence of bright light, low light is surprisingly bright.
"Do you want to undress me?" Chrissy asked, leaning back in the front seat.
"I'd rather watch you unpackage yourself. Undress what you want me to touch."
Certainly, Luna wasn't the only babe in town, Christina had a special beauty, too. As she undid her shirt buttons and unclipped her front-opening bra, the bright moon on her young tits was spectacular. Sammy wished he'd brought his camera gear to capture it, though it would have taken so long to set the exposure and sit Christina still that the moment would have been lost.
Christina looked at him as if to ask if he wanted to start, but Sammy nodded at her pants. Chrissy smiled and undid her button and zip, pulling her shorts down, then taking her panties off.
"You really are okay with boys fucking you, huh?" Sammy smiled.
Chrissy came close to put her arms around his neck and kiss him. "I'm still not really that used to it."
"Yeah?"
"Still feels strange to have it in there. For so many years it's just fooling around and touching and stuff, right? When I finally let a guy go in there, it does feel weird still."
"But you let it happen?" Sammy grinned.
"Hmm. It's what you guys want, right, to stick it in me?"
"I do," Sammy admitted. "Let's get in the back."
With both front seats pulled and tilted forward as far as they go, it left plenty of room in the back for a tryst. Sammy had Chrissy undress him and take her shirt and bra off.
"I want you naked when you're fucked."
"Okay," Chrissy said, "I like undressing for sex, too."
She gripped his cock and tugged as they kissed, tongues entwined.
"Suck it," Sammy told her, and Chrissy obeyed, licking his shaft and bobbing her head in the half-light. Sammy maneuvered her around to gorge on her pussy as she sucked him. Her cunt was delicious and flowed a river of juice. By the time they stopped fooling around and he pushed her pelvis to his, Sammy's cock melted inside without resistance.
"Oh, you feel like you've been fucked a lot," Sammy said to her ear as she sat on his lap, facing him, cunt full of cock.
"Not that often!" Chrissy defended herself. "Does it really feel that big to you? Guys want a tight pussy, right?"
"Yours is good for fucking, don't worry," Sammy said, kissing her mouth as she ground her teen hips on his cock. For Sammy, it was wonderful to hold the tiny ass of a teenager as she humped his cock. For Christina, it was wonderful to get a proper fucking from an experienced man. He nailed her under, over, and behind. It went long enough for Chrissy to build up to her own cum -- something her boyfriend could never last long enough to give her. Sammy knew what was going on. Once Christina had shaken and shuddered, she revered him. Chrissy would do anything and everything he asked. Sammy fucked her cunt, then her mouth, then her cunt then her mouth, over and over, making her drink down her own juice. And finally, to make it a huge night for Chrissy, he spread her face down on the car bonnet and fucked and came in her ass -- the first time Chrissy had ever had anything up there.
"Oh my god," Chrissy moaned after it was done, laying on the bonnet with sperm trickling out of her rear.
"First time you've been ass fucked?" Sammy asked, standing back, looking at the gorgeous young naked thing he'd taken all the holes of.
"Yes," Chrissy shuddered. "I can't believe I did that. I didn't think I'd ever do that."
"Give your boyfriend a try?" Sammy suggested.
"I could never. He'd suspect someone taught me how."
"Which they have," Sammy laughed. "Anyway, you two are going to break up, no? Aren't you moving to different sides of the country?"
"He wants a long-distance relationship," Christina said, slowing peeling herself from the bonnet and tenderly sitting up straight. Whoa, she looked gorgeous, naked in the moonlight. "But I'm not sure it's a good idea."
"You're going to get fucked by someone," Sammy came to the point. "No way are guys around you going to let you live a chaste life with a boyfriend on the other side of the country. If you don't have a boyfriend on your arm, you're going to get laid all the time."
"I know. I'm not very good at saying no," Chrissy smiled. "I didn't even make you wear a condom, and I have no protection. I could have got pregnant."
"There's still time," Sammy said cheekily.
"I worry your penis is too dirty," Chrissy flinched. "It's been up my..."
"Yeah, I have sanitized wipes in the glove compartment."
Like a darling, Christina went and got them and carefully washed him clean -- getting him hard again in the process. This time when she turned and presented, Sammy took her vagina as she pressed her face into the bonnet.
"How many cocks have you had in here?" he asked, holding her hips and slowly pulling in and out, feeling the pussy slide on his shaft.
"I don't want to say."
"Huh? Why not?" Sammy asked.
"I'm afraid you'll feel bad about me."
"Really? Why? Can't be that many, you're only eighteen. You've had less than a year fucking guys, right?"
"Of course! I would never have sex before eighteen, who would do that! But..."
"But since then, you've had so many guys?"
"Just one night."
"Oh, what's that mean?" Sammy said, pushing in deep and holding. "What happened?"
Chrissy sighed. "My boyfriend took me to a party, older people were there. They gave us something. He passed out, but I was still awake. Those guys put me in a room, and oh, god, they all took a turn."
"Wow! Got pregnant?"
"No. Thankfully. They kept saying don't mess me up for the next guy, keep me clean for the next guy, so they all came on my face or chest. At least it could have been worse."
"How many were there, how many fucks?" Sammy said, completely wound up by the thought.
"I don't know. I think some of them did it more than once."
"You must have some idea. Two? Twenty?"
"Seven maybe? I really couldn't work it out, I was so wasted."
"Oh my god," Sammy said. He was pumping harder at her pussy, thinking about Chrissy being used for a gang-bang. "No wonder you're stretched. Did your boyfriend find out?"
"No! Of course not! He would have died if he knew that."
"So what did you do? How did he not know?"
"He was gone when I came out of that room in the morning. He thought I'd left, so he went home not knowing I was still there, getting fucked."
"Wow. Wow," Sammy said, pumping at her hard, stunned by the story. "Did you like it?"
"I don't know. It wasn't bad bad. I didn't feel guilty, I hadn't asked for it, it just happened. Those guys loved me doing it, hard not to feel a bit flattered by some of the things they said about having sex with me. One guy was nice, helped me shower in the morning, find my clothes, and got me back to my girlfriend's house I was meant to stay that night."
The rest of their fuck was in silence, but for the grunting. Sammy had never been so hard fucking a girl, and Chrissy got the full brunt of his lust. The thought of Christina serving all comers for a night was a nuclear aphrodisiac for him. The thwap-thwap-thwap of his pelvis against her ass and thighs as he nailed her brutally, echoed into the night. When he finally came, deep up her pussy, he very nearly howled at the moon.
"Oh god," Sammy groaned, "Oh shit. You're not protected... shit."
Chrissy wasn't listening. Sammy hadn't realized that he'd driven Chrissy to cum, too. She was still convulsing on his cock, not listening to a word he said. As he stepped back and out of her, Sammy prayed that most of his potent sperm had been spent on the first cum, and only the harmless stragglers were left to ejaculate into her pussy.
They dressed in silence, each doing their own. Chrissy paused to catch the sperm that was gurgling out from both places between her legs with a tissue before finally pulling her pants back up.
"What if I'm pregnant?" she asked on the way back into town.
"It would be unlucky," Sammy shrugged. "The second cum wouldnt be much. Most of it would have gone into your ass."
"I can't believe I've been fucked there," Chrissy giggled.
"How does it feel?"
"Okay, I guess," Chrissy said. "Doesn't hurt. Just a bit weird, like my vagina when guys first went in there."
"You'll fuck in the ass again, then?"
"I'm not going to ask for it. But if a guy wants to... he can, I guess."
"When you get where you're going, there are going to be some lucky guys around that meet you."
"I'm still here," Chrissy pouted. "Are you going to fuck me again?"
"You want to?"
"Of course!"
"You like it?" Sammy smiled.
"Hmmm," Chrissy nodded. "I like you make me cum. No one else has done that."
"Or pregnant. No one else has done that either."
Christina held her abdomen. "Oh god, can you imagine? You better not cum in me next time."
"No," Sammy agreed.
He dropped her back at the Library steps, kissing a long goodnight. Sammy promised to take her somewhere nice if they undressed again, that 'parking' was a once-off experience, not a lifestyle. Back home Sammy managed to get into the shower before Sue realized he was in the house. She commended him on not stinking of alcohol, and Sammy just smiled.
As he went to sleep, he confirmed his instincts had been correct. Sleeping with Chrissy was just for fun, he wasn't sipping down an emotional rabbit hole. When she left for her new school far away, that would be that. He would miss holding her little teen ass as she bounced on his cock, but that was it. If it had been Luna he'd been with that night, oh what a mess he would be in. If was Luna he had just cum in, he'd almost hope she got pregnant so he could trap her into staying with him. It was awful, right? Projecting his desire for Luna onto Chrissy was a sensible and practical compromise.
Saturday at the shop was busier, and cumming twice in Christina the night before had taken the edge off the craziness of Sammy's passion for Luna. Luna wore the same costume pieces again but with brisk trade, she was only able to get naked twice, and even then she got caught with her tits out trying to scramble her clothes back on.
"Some customer will tell Sue," Luna worried after closing time, in the studio, sat on Sammy's lap, naked, facing him.
"Yes, we better be more careful from now on."
Sue was picking them both up at five-thirty, so Sammy kept away from Luna's pussy to avoid having her stench on him in the car. Instead, he held her ass and buried her breasts in his mouth, and kissed her mouth with his tongue wrapped in hers.
"I love you," Luna said as she put her panties and bra back on with three minutes to pick up.
"I know. And you know I'm not allowed to love you back, right?"
"I know," Luna grinned, pulling on her jeans. "But you do."
"I do?" Sammy smiled.
"You do," she said, giving him a kiss.
The following Friday Luna was hoping for a quiet day in the shop again. She was looking forward to being felt up and kissed by Sammy but she didn't want to get caught naked by a customer. And for half a day it went to plan. Luna had her 'uniform' on, giving Sammy easy access to her body, and there were good opportunities to be naked for him.
Surprisingly though, Luna saw Sue's car pull in while Sammy was kneeling on the floor with his face buried in her slit. Fortunately, her top was on, all Luna needed to do was scramble her skirt up while Sammy dashed to the bathroom to wash his face.
"What's up?" Luna asked, trying to appear unflustered, despite having sopping wet inside thighs.
"Where's Sammy?"
"Out the back."
Sue went through, leaving Luna in the shop.
"What's up?" Sammy asked, also trying to appear unflustered.
"Just had a call from Bully. The shoot is a hit. They adore Luna. The genuine uniform, the genuine school, the soccer goals, they loved it all."
"That's great."
"They want a sequel already."
"Wow."
"Luna visits in the hospital and feels so bad for him that she lets him fuck her."
"Ah," Sammy said. "That's..."
"A big step," Sue finished the sentence. "She doesn't even like Nathan, she couldn't wait to get away from him."
"No chance for a substitute?"
"No," Sue said.
"Bandages wrapped around the face from the injury? Then we can swap him."
"If he was going to have bandages around his face he would already have them at the end of the first photobook. His face was showing in the hospital there!"
"I don't think she would fuck him. Or anyone," Sammy sighed. "How much? Got to be more for penile penetration right?"
"Five thousand."
"Hmm. Could give her three, us fifteen. Nathan would be fine for five hundred again. Little bastard would probably do it for free," Sammy scoffed.
"Anyway, I wanted to come and talk to you but I think I'm going to call them back and say no. The best we could do is another CMNF."
"Yeah. Fucking is a big step anyway, and you throw in who she'd have to do it with... I agree. I think we could maybe get her to agree on another CMNF, but not fucking."
Sue went back to her car and left. As Sammy came back out there was a customer, but as soon as they left Luna cheekily pulled her t-shirt up and off.
"Your tits," Sammy laughed. "They are so fucking good. The bites look amazing on them."
"You can give me some more," Luna said.
"Better not. What if we get another photoshoot? We will need bite-free breasts for them,"
"Do you have some work?"
"Only for our customers, graduation shots, an anniversary."
"Nothing for me?" Luna asked.
"You need the money, right?"
"My parents do."
"Hmm," Sammy said, "The only order we have is for something we don't hunk you're ready for?"
"What do you mean?"
"The artistic term is penile penetration," Sammy explained.
"Ah, I see," Luna nodded.
"I can still suck your tits," Sammy smiled, "But let's allow them to clean up in case any topless orders come in."
"Okay," Luna said, giving them to him.
Later that night at home, Sue got a phone call. She put it on speaker so Sammy could hear.
"Ten thousand for the shoot. The same number of frames. She visits him in the hospital until time to check out. Then she helps him to the car, but drives him to a park or field or forest or whatever you find, has to be outdoors, and she takes a blanket and fucks him rotten."
"CMNF or all nude?" Sue asked
"All nude, both of them," Billy said, "But it needs to be outdoor so it fits their other category."
"Discharge," Sammy said. "Not check out."
"What?"
"Doesn't matter. Does it have to be Nathan as the guy?"
"Can't continue a story if it's different. Why? You can't get him?"
"We can get him," Sue assured. It wasn't Nathan that would be the problem.
Their next call was to Luna.
"Honey, can you come next door a moment?" Sue asked her.
With the three of them sitting around the kitchen table, Sammy started the negotiation.
"Earlier today I said the only piece of work for you was for penile penetration, right?"
"Yes," Luna blushed.
"How do you feel about it?" Sue asked.
"Sammy said I wasn't ready," Luna answered.
"Okay, but what do you think? Are you ready?"
"What job is it?"
"Fundamentally we take photos of you with an erection in you, and the guy leaving his semen behind."
"I have to get pregnant?" Luna's eyes widened.
"Of course not. We'll make sure you're protected."
"What is it? What's the job? Who is it, who would... do it to me?"
Sue and Sammy looked at each other.
"It's a sequel."
"Sequel?"
"A continuation of the story with Nathan."
"Oh."
There was silence for a time. Sammy got up and poured them all two fingers of Baileys in port glasses.
"Seven thousand dollars for you," Sue said.
"Oh wow. Wow."
"What do you think?"
"Wow. Seven thousand. Where would I tell my parents it came from?"
"Do you think you could do it?" Sue asked, ignoring the concern.
Luna shook her head.
"Not with Nathan. I don't think I could."
"But Luna," Sue pressed, "If you're going to do it, it has to be with him. We can't substitute. It's a sequel."
"No, not him-him, not him at all, just not him... first."
"I don't get it," Sammy squinted.
"I don't know what I'm doing! I don't know how," Luna blurted out.
"You're a virgin?" Sue gasped.
"I don't know what I'm doing," Luna said again. "And I don't want my first time to be with Nathan. I mean, if it wasn't my first time, I wouldn't like it, of course, but it would just be a job, right? I don't need to like him for him to have sex with me for money, we did that already. But don't make me have my first time with Nathan. Please. And I need... some guidance. Don't make it him to teach me."
Sammy and Sue looked at each other, astounded. It wasn't a response they expected.
"Ah, okay," Sue said, brain spinning. "Do you... have a boyfriend that can... help teach you?"
"No," she shook her head.
"Oh. Perhaps... some boy you like?"
Luna thought of the boy that came into the store with his girlfriend and asked if he could fuck her. She shook her head. No way could it be him.
"No."
"Shit," Sue couldn't help but say. If they were to shoot, they would have to get it done before the client lost interest.
"You do it," she said to Sammy.
"What?" he shrieked.
"You do it. Help her out. There's no one else."
"Do what?"
"Teach her how to have sex."
"Don't be ridiculous. She doesn't have to do it at all," Sammy pointed out. "Luna can pass up the work."
"Seven thousand for her family. Two and a half thousand for our family. Don be selfish. Help her out. You don't mind, do you Luna?"
"Sue. Stop. You're telling me to have sex with Luna. Our staff."
"You'll be gentle with her. Teach her. Anyone else will just nail the poor girl. Seriously, Luna, you won't mind if Sammy teaches you how to fuck, will you?"
"No, I don't mind," Luna smiled. Sammy knew this was playing into her hands.
"You guys," Sammy shook his head. "Are you serious? You seriously want me to have sex with Luna?"
"Help her. Don't be self-centered. If you don't do it, either the money is gone, or she puts herself in danger practicing with some random guy."
"What do you want?" Sammy looked at Luna, knowing the answer.
"I don't want Nathan to be my first," she begged.
"Gee. Can we think about this properly? Give it a day. Please," Sam asked.
So the decision was deferred. That night in bed, Sue and Sammy went around the houses on the topic.
"Why would we put ourselves in jeopardy for the sake of one deal?" Sammy said. "Do we need that money so bad?"
"She does. Her family does."
"This will hurt us. You and me. After it's done, you'll hate me for doing it."
"Oh come on, I had that week at Stone's beach house," Sue said.
"Shit! Come on. That's ancient. That was before Tommy was even born. And I was there watching you do it."
"And you liked it, right? All your friends passing me around for the week, showing off at how hot your babe was."
"What happened back then has nothing to do with this now."
"I'm saying it's your turn to enjoy one and do the girl a favor. I had my turn."
"So you did enjoy it, huh? After all those years saying you persevered for my sake, you did actually enjoy it?"
"Six guys taking turns cumming in me? It was the best week of my life baby," Sue grinned.
"Seven guys," Sammy corrected her.
"How was it seven? Two in our car, four in the other car. Six."
"Plus me!" Sammy yelled.
"Oh, you. Yes, obviously you came in me too."
"You should have been honest, said you enjoyed it, you could have done it more."
"Well, I got pregnant, right?"
"Hmmm," Sammy nodded knowingly. They had to do a DNA test on their son to make sure it was Sammy's. "We didn't know that at the time. You should have just said you liked it."
"Anyway," Sue deflected, "Go and do Luna a favor, so we can get on with the work."
"Let's see how we feel tomorrow," was his response.
Next instalment "The Photo Shop -- Getting Laid" will be submitted for approval next Wednesday Dec 14, 2022!
Its a 'live' series, so suggestions welcome - as long as its quick!