My name is Vi, my husband Jed and I are workaholics, at least that is what our friends think. We watched each week as summer rolled by, when they took vacations and holidays, and we stayed behind building our business and dreaming of a tropical get away. Finally, I called a travel agent and booked us a week in the islands, we were fortunate enough to find one suite left, the agent told us there was a convention but he assured us the balcony was private and had amazing ocean and beach views.
Next thing you know we're relaxing on the beach, fresh fruity rum drinks in our hands, and enjoying the waves crashing against the sand. Jed and I were avid joggers, very athletic compared to our friends in out age group (Mid 30s). On the weekends, we did half marathons, hiking and lately several of the mudder obstacle courses, it was one of the reason a vacation never seemed pressing.
Jed was born with a naturally muscular frame, all six feet of it, with smoking green eyes and reddish brown hair. I was endowed with a large bosom, but as a woman had to be religious about food and exercise to keep the weight off. Jed teased me about " liking big butts" but I was jealous of my boyish behind, and wanted to keep it.
As I was saying, we were just lazing around when this woman approached us, she was tall, her blond hair braided tightly into two rows down her back. She was young, thin, and my first reflex was to glance over and see of Jed was ogling her. No worries, his eyes were closed behind the sunglasses.
"Hi, I'm Siggy" she said, warmly, "Are you two here for the convention? I don't see your wrist bands." I looked and sure enough, she had a white wrist band with a gold pineapple on it. She had a slight accent, German or Swedish, I guessed.
"No, were just here on our own, enjoying the peace and quiet." I said, hoping she'd go away.
"Oh, that explains it!" She seemed relieved, "You are so young! They are all so old, we must have booked the wrong week!"
By this time, my husband sat up and inquired "Wrong week? What convention?"
Well. Cutting to the chase: Siggy and her husband were part of a partner swapping swinger group out of Oslo, Norway, but seemed to have been scheduled for "Senior Week" accidentally. The pineapple wristband was like a membership token, signaling the couple's availability for a swap. We'd noticed them all over the place earlier, in the arms of seeming retirees, never thinking what they meant, as most other guests just left us alone. While she talked, she waived over to her husband, playing in the surf, and he jogged over to say hello.
'Fin" he said, sticking out his hand to Jed. "Ya, it's like watching sea elephants mating!" He said, referring to the other, older and out of shape conventioneers. Siggy shushed him, embarrassed, but Jed laughed heartily. They shook, and I noticed that Fin was tall, lean, his ripped frame dripping with sea water. His blond hair was close cropped, and his body was almost hairless. It was like the poster for "Rocky IV" had come to life.
Well, Jed was fully engaged in conversation, now, there was no stopping him, so we all sunned ourselves, played in the surf and talked until dinner time, when Siggy suggested we join them. After dinner, Siggy mentioned they had a small, interior room with no windows, and then before I could stop him, Jed invited them up to see the sunset from our balcony. Next thing I knew, we're lounging in the sunset with fresh drinks in our hands. It was a wonderful evening, and after sunset Siggy and Fin excused themselves and left Jed and I alone. We snuggled and then made love, falling asleep in each other's arms.
The next morning, we slept in late, we'd just finished showering and were getting ready for breakfast when there was a knock on the door. "Room Service" I heard, glancing over a Jed; he shrugged.
Fin came in and headed to the balcony, a basket under one arm and a pot of coffee under the other. Siggy said "We thought we're save you from standing in the buffet line with the sea elephants!" She said, laughing. The coffee smelled wonderful and the basket held a variety of tidbits, I looked over at Jed but he just shrugged again and started in on the meal.
It was a sweet thing to do, and it was a lovely breakfast. After we cleaned up, Jed mentioned we were headed out to the beach, and Fin suggested we should apply sunscreen here, before we go. Then, Siggy stood up, and dropped her bikini top, stepping out of her bottoms, while Fin rubbed a coconut scented tanning oil into her skin. She put her suit back on, and did his chest and shoulders, back and neck. It was quite a show.
His hands dripping with oil, he turned to me and asked "Would you like a little, too?" Before either Jed or I could protest, Siggy said "Fin! Do not be so forward! Here, I'll do Vi." and she stepped behind me and applied oil to my back. I was about to stop her, but her hands felt so soft and firm, unlike my husbands meaty paws, these were lacy delicate but strong, gently massaging the oil into my neck and shoulders, down my back to just below my bikini line. "You have such a beautiful neck" She said, almost absently, and carefully made sure every inch was covered.
When Jed and I performed this ritual, we were often in a hurry, or focused on not getting sunburn, very professorial. Here, Siggy was taking her time, she seemed to enjoy the routine as much I did receiving it. I glanced up to see Jed and Fin trading sunscreen applications, but these two muscular guys were goofing off and flexing for no reason, and once Fin discovered Jed was ticklish, found it amusing to keep triggering Jed into a laughing spell. Boys will be boys, I guess.
We spent the morning exploring the beaches and playing in the waves, despite my original misgivings, Fin and Siggy were great company. Always the explorer, Jed found a secluded sandy cove and we discovered a cache of smooth, colorful sea glass. I picked up a fistful of the colorful pebbles, shiny and sparkling in the sun, and handed Siggy a few of the larger ones, dropping those remaining into my pocket. I kept thinking about Siggy's fingers massaging oil into my neck and down my back, her soft, but firm touch, gentile tracing the oil across the lines of my spine. I started looking at her in a different light, and not as a platonic friend..
Later, we freshened our drinks and headed back to the room, out on the balcony, Siggy sat next to me, nibbling at the tasty morsels from lunch and watching the surf. Our bodies were touching on the recliner, we were watching our boys talk, but I was very aware of Siggy's body next to mine, her accidental contacts, the way she laughed and poked me when the boys did something goofy. Then, she looked at me, looked in my eyes, and gently wet her fingers and I felt her touch my lips and clean away a few errant crumbs from lunch. I found relished her touch, surprising myself, and parted my lips to allow her to brush the crumbs away. Her fingers traced around my lips, I gently licked her fingertips and that caused her to gasp slightly, but instead of pulling back she inserted a finger gently into my mouth. I sucked it, slowly, not half aware of what I was doing, lost in kind of a dream state. She leaned in and her lips touched mine, gently, tentatively, and the world stopped. I was only aware of Siggy, her deep breathing in and out, her sweet breath, her soft lips touching mine. At some level, I was vaguely aware of Jed making a sound of surprise, then Fin taking his arm, and motioning him to quiet, as is they has come across a spotted fawn and were afraid of startling it.
I don't know how long we had been softly caressing each other's oiled skin, I turned my head toward to hers and brushed my lips against hers again. I ran my fingers through her hair, gently pulling her towards me as I kissed her with more passion. Her lips pressed against mine with soft, sweet eroticism, then parting as I slipped my tongue between them to taste her.
Encouraged when her tongue met mine I slid closer, my breasts pressing against the soft fullness of her own. I slid my hand up and touched one through her bikini top and moaned into her mouth. The unexpected weight and softness, the hardness of her nipple pressed into my palm had the ache running through me and settling between my thighs. I pulled my lips from her mouth and kissed softly down her neck.
I had never made out with a woman before, never lusted after, or been interested in one sexually, but here I was, in front of my husband and a stranger, kissing and fondling another woman, and wanting to take if farther.
My hands rose to pull the bikini straps from her shoulders, tugging them down so I could place my mouth against her soft skin of her breast. Her back arched and a deep groan escaped her lips as I took her nipple in my mouth, swirling my tongue against it and sucking on it as my hand squeezed at its twin. I caught the erect button between my teeth, and she slid her hand down my belly to feel my arousal as she moaned softly. I heard her gasp, and I started to push against her exploring fingers, the wetness of my soft velvety pussy lips a clear indication I was as turned on as she.
I slipped my fingers under the elastic of her bikini bottoms and let it rest for a moment against her slit, feeling the heat and seeping wetness against my hand. Returning my mouth to her lips I felt an overwhelming urge to taste her sex, for the first time, to lower my face into her sweet womanhood.
With her lips still warm against mine I increased the pressure of my hand against her pussy and gasped as I felt her grind against me. She parted her long toned legs and my finger slid within her slit, into the pool of wetness that gathered there. I found her clit and teased my finger over it, down the length of her pussy, running over but not entering her, and back up again, over and over.
She pulled her lips from mine and buried her head in the place when my neck met my shoulders and met, her breath hot against my skin. Her hips were circling and thrusting up to meet my hand. She squirmed trying to settle my palm against her clit but I wouldn't let her, I was intoxicated by the sensation of her warm wetness coating my fingers and needed more time to explore. I returned my mouth to her full breasts, suckling each in turn until they were hard and throbbing.
My nibbles and kisses turned to nips and soft bites and I was enthralled to see that it only had her grinding against my hand and moaning loader. I rubbed her clit a little and took her nipple between my teeth, dragging them over the sensitive flesh, biting down as I thrust a finger into her tight female sex.
I glanced over to see Jed and Fin were watching us in rapt fascination, their erections straining against the tight material of each of their swimsuits. It was somehow so erotic realizing I was performing for my husband, and a stranger, at the same time. I helped Siggy lower herself back into the lounge chair, and I sank back myself, spreading my legs and untying my bikini strings as I did. We moved into a side-by-side 69 position, I put my head close to her bare and smooth womanhood, as she did to mine. Tentatively, I took a taste, licking another woman for the first time. I found it electric, tantalizing, and I was eager for more.
Siggy's talents on my pussy were very different than Jed's, She was eager, but delicately, no scratchy beard or rough tongue, just a soft, warm sensation, playful tickling, gentile penetration, it felt amazing, sensual, erotic. I felt my body shake and quiver, as if lightning was coursing through me, from my toes to my head. This was a new type of orgasm, a slow burn and stoking a growing fire, not the thunder and power I felt from Jed. My body was awash in tiny sweet tremors.
I started to lick her wetness in response, perhaps a little too eagerly, like Jed did to me, I felt Siggy pull back a little, so then I started to mirror her technique: Soft, slow, touching, tasting, and she responded in kind. We were locked in a feedback loop of increasing sexual energy, until it climaxed into a body-shaking orgasms we seemed to reach simultaneously. We sat up and kissed, I tasted myself on her lips, and savored the sweetness of her touch, grinning like a fool, I'm sure.
Siggy and I were now laying head to hips on the reclining lounge, nude, our oiled chests heaving from the thrill and exertion, Fin, nude and fully hard, approached Siggy, she spread her legs in anticipation and he smoothly took his place between them. I watched as this young viking slid his manhood past Siggy's wet and swollen pussy lips and penetrated her deeply in a smooth powerful stroke. Her pussy stretched to take him in, causing her to gasp and writhe, until they pressed each of their pelvis' together. I'm not much for visual pornography, but the site of his manhood sliding out, wet and glistening in the sun, then plunging in again, over and over, each time eliciting a sensual reaction from Siggy. Soft moans, tiny cries, her hips rotating to receive him.
Shortly after Fin and Siggy began to make love, Jed approached me from the other side, his rigid cock bobbing and swinging as he walked, tiny drops of pre cum getting flung out, trailing spiderweb sticky threads as they fell. I spread my legs in eager readiness, to take my husband's passion. Siggy turned her head slightly, as my wet pussy was bared and open to the sunlight, so I rotated towards her to offer her a better view. Jed Grasped his penis in hand, and spread my wet pussy lips with his other hand, and teased my opening with his smooth slick cock head. I loved this part, because the tease really got me keyed up, and the anticipation of the first penetration was almost unbearable. Jed leaned over to me and kissed me, sweetly, then with more passion, and we shared Siggy's flavor between us.
Jed made love to me, my body touching Siggy while I enjoyed my husband's attentions. I watched Fin and Siggy together, voyeuristic, I suppose, but so erotic and passionate, shameless, and free. Our husbands pounded us in the same rhythm, like dancers or acrobats, I could feel Siggy's passion rise, as our body's touched, her orgasm getting close, and mine was not far behind. Fin's hips thrust into Siggy with increased power, Siggy responded by crying out in pleasure and her body shook with her climax. That set Fin off, he grunted and stiffened up, pumping his cock into her as deeply as possible. Feeling Siggy orgasm right next to me seemed to trigger my own, and It was a powerful one! I felt it from my toes, my legs shaking, my chest heaving, until it washed over me like a wave. Then, I could feel Jed's dick get harder and his hips pounded me furiously, until he shot his hot sticky load deep into my womb. Over and over again, I could feel his hot cock pump and his jism squirt out, and filling me up. We lay there, both couples, kind of snuggling and enjoying the afterglow, as we slowly recovered. Siggy and I cleaned up, but no one was in any hurry to get dressed, until it was time to order fresh drinks.
Exhausted, in a good way, we kind of lounged around until the sun set, sipping out drinks and just enjoying the sounds of surf and sea birds. There was the sound of reggae music drifting over the beach, and voices of party goers getting loud, then soft, as the evening wore on. Eventually, Siggy and Fin thanked us for a wonderful evening, and departed.
The next morning, we slept in, then cleaned up and went to find breakfast. There was no sign of Fin or Siggy, we inquired at the front desk and learned they had located the convention party they were looking for at a nearby island, and jumped onto a shuttle seaplane earlier that morning. I was sad to learn they departed, but in a way, relieved as well. Jed and I had our sexual adventure, it was as close to a swap as either of us were comfortable with. Jed and I were good together, no need to risk that. Jed did, of course, mention how hot he found it watching Siggy and myself, and asked if I wanted to repeat that experience; I assured him it was a spontaneous, if erotic, experiment, nothing more. He kissed me, gently, and we spent the remaining passionate nights thinking about the future, not the past.