All characters in this story that participate in sexual activity are at least 18 years old.
My name is Susan Walker and I am a forty year old, happily married mother of two. Tommy is my twenty two year old son, who is home from college for a couple of weeks, and Krissy is my twenty one year old daughter who still lives at home with my husband and I.
At my age, when most women are putting on a few pounds, I am still the same weight as when I was attending modeling college when I was eighteen years old. At the school I met my husband and we decided to get married. I had my two kids soon afterwards, then went back into swimsuit modeling for the next ten years.
Anyway, I suggested to my daughter that she also gets into modeling and she said she would love to. Today at eleven o'clock she has an appointment downtown for her physical checkup, and her first paid photography session. If everything goes well she will become one of their elite fashion models specializing in women's underwear, swimsuits and nudity for their website. What I mean by nudity is that she will have to pose naked with a handsome male model that is wearing clothing from the client's catalog.
Well, it is about seven o'clock in the morning, and I have to get out of bed and make sure Krissy is awake and getting ready for the busy day ahead of us. I pull the satin sheet away from me and look over at my son Tommy. He has got the tightest little ass for a grown man. I can't resist touching him and spend a few seconds running my hands all over his muscular back, then gently squeeze his white ass cheeks a few times.
After getting out of bed, I stand in front of the full length mirror to admire my perfect little body. I am almost forty one years old and there is not one ounce of fat on me. My breasts are still firm and my stomach is flat just like when I was in my twenties. I run a brush through my long blond hair then walk naked down the hallway to my daughter's room.
Krissy is still sleeping so I sit on the edge of the bed and pull the sheet away from her naked body, then I lean over and give her a quick kiss on the cheek.
She opens her eyes slowly, then says "Mom, is that the only kiss I am going to get this morning? Give me a better one!"
I lean further over to kiss her on the mouth, then she grabs my arm and pulls me on top of her. I straddle her hips, then lower myself down so I am resting on my elbows.
I tell her "Behave yourself Krissy! We don't have time this morning to play around!"
She replies "Just give me one good kiss, then I will get up and take a shower."
I lower myself down closer to her and my long blond hair cascades down around us. Our lips touch, then I stick my tongue into her mouth. Krissy closes her lips and begins to suck on it for a few seconds, then she opens her mouth and we start french kissing.
After a few minutes she says "Mom, you have been sleeping with Tommy the past few days because Daddy is out of town, and we have not had time to be together for very long because of interruptions. Would you give me a quick orgasm right now? I know I will do better today at the photography session if I was feeling more relaxed!"
I think for a second, then say "Well, okay, but we have to do it quickly because we do not want to be late on your first day at work!" I climb off her and get on my knees next to the bed, then tell Krissy to sit on the edge and spread her legs apart.
Krissy sits up and scoots as close to the edge of the bed as she can in front of me. After she gets positioned, I lean forward and start sucking and gently biting her left nipple, then I move over and do the same thing to the right one. Krissy is starting to moan softly as I work my way down to her belly button and swirl my tongue around inside it.
After a few seconds I drop my head down to her sweet, young pussy and bury my face in it. Krissy immediately lets out a load moan and grabs the back of my head with both of her hands. She pulls me closer to her pussy as she whips her long blond hair around her face and continues moaning loudly.
After about four or five minutes she screams "Jesus Christ Mom! I am just about ready to orgasm! Please don't stop!" Another few minutes go by then Krissy lets go of my head and flops back on the bed.
I wait a second, then give her pussy one last kiss and stand up. I look down at my daughter, and she has this glazed look on her face. She smiles at me as I grasp her wrist and pull her off the bed and onto her feet. We walk naked down the hallway to the big shower room and I start the water to get it nice and warm.
We take a quick shower and are busy toweling ourselves off in front of the big mirror when my son Tommy walks in. Krissy is looking in the mirror admiring her naked body and brushing her hair as Tommy walks up behind her. He puts his arms around her and begins playing with her tits and kissing her neck.
I tell him "Tommy, keep your hands off Krissy this morning! I don't want you to put any marks on her neck like you do sometimes! Now, get in the shower and hurry because you will be driving us downtown in just a few minutes!"
He reluctantly puts his hands down to his sides and walks over into the shower area. After a couple of minutes Tommy steps out of the shower and walks towards me with his huge, ten inch cock bouncing around in front of him. He stops behind me, places his hands on my hips and starts running his cock up and down between my ass cheeks. I slap his hand and tell him to let go of me, but he pushes me face down on the bathroom counter and holds me there while he grabs a bottle of baby oil and squirts some between my ass cheeks. I know what he is planning on doing, and he is only holding me down with one hand, so I quickly push myself up from the counter and start running towards the door.
I almost make it to the hallway, but he grabs my long hair which stops me in my tracks. I yell at him to let go of me, but he grabs me by the shoulders and pushes me back down on the counter top. My breasts are bulging out the sides of me from the pressure is placing on my back and I squirm around trying to get out from underneath his powerful hands.
I scream at him "Tommy, let me up! We don't have time right now! You can fuck me in the ass later today!"
Meanwhile, Krissy is sitting on the bench watching us.
She says "Oh Mom, relax! We have plenty of time, besides I just love to watch Tommy's big cock going in and out of your tight asshole!"
Krissy notices her brother is having a hard time controlling me as he tries to put some more baby oil on my asshole, so she gets up from the bench and holds my wrists tightly.
I am so pissed off that I scream at them "You kids are out of control! Let me up right now you fucking perverts!"
Tommy puts the baby oil back on the counter then grabs hold of his cock and presses it against my asshole. I try to constrict my anal muscles, but he forcefully pushes past them. His cock pops in and I can feel it filling up the inside of me. He must have put about four or five inches in me, then he pulls it out the way out. I think he is done, but he shoves it back in and I can feel it sliding even further inside me. I plead with him to stop, but he has both his hands on my hips and continues pulling me closer to him.
Tommy suddenly stops and says "Krissy, you can let go of her now I am all the way in."
My daughter releases her grip from my wrists, then Tommy reaches up underneath me and grabs my tits. He stands straight up and pulls me up with him. He starts kissing my neck as he plunges his cock in and out of my asshole while I look at myself in the mirror. My hair is all messed up, so I pick up a brush and run it through my hair a few times, then set is back down.
I am really starting to enjoy this now and begin moaning loudly. Krissy is standing next to us watching while she is jamming two of her fingers in and out of her pussy. Tommy then moves us backwards to the wooden bench and he sits down with me on his lap. He releases his grip from my tits and I plant my feet firmly on the tile floor and begin to bounce up and down on his hard cock.
I turn my head around and see Tommy is just sitting there watching me, so I say to him "I bet you like watching your big cock going in and out of your mother's asshole you mother fucking son of a bitch!"
Krissy stops playing with herself, gets on her knees between my legs and sticks out her tongue. Now, every time I bounce up and down on my son's cock, my daughter's tongue slides along my pussy lips. Suddenly Tommy's cock erupts in my ass and I can feel it pulsate over and over. Pressure is building up inside me, then a huge gush of sperm shoots out my ass all over Tommy's lower stomach.
This immediately triggers the orgasm that was building up inside me, so I lean back against my son's chest.
After a few seconds I regain my composure and say "Well, we better get dressed and hit the road! Today is a very special day for Krissy and I don't want us to be late!"
I try to get up, but Tommy grabs hold of my hips and starts thrusting his cock upwards into me again. Jesus Christ, his cock is still hard as it was a few minutes ago! I immediately jump up to break his grip on my hips and run out of the bathroom and down the hallway to my bedroom. Tommy is right behind me, but I am a little quicker and slam the door shut.
I wait a few seconds, then open and yell "Both of you hurry up and meet me down at the car in ten minutes! That is an order!"
Soon the three of us are driving on the interstate towards downtown. Krissy is in the back seat and every now and then I turn around to talk with her. Suddenly, I notice that she has on her bra and panties!
I tell her "Krissy, I thought I told you not to wear a bra or panties today! You have a photography session this afternoon and your bra and panties leave marks on your skin that show up in the pictures! Take them off right now before it is too late!"
Krissy says "But Mom, it is too cramped back here! Can't we wait until we get downtown?"
Tommy is driving, so I tell him to pull over at the rest stop ahead. We park near the rest rooms and Krissy gets out of the car and starts walking towards them. I quickly yell at her to come back and I jump out and walk over to her.
I say to her "We don't have time for you to walk all the way to the rest rooms. Just take off your bra and panties right here.
Krissy says "But Mom, there must be two dozen people walking around!"
I reach up and quickly unbutton the front of her dress and push it over her shoulders. Then I pull it down off her and drape it over my arm. Krissy hesitates for a second, then reaches behind her and unclasps the bra, she hands it to me then pushes her panties down and steps out of them.
Truckers who have been parked at the rest stop begin sounding their loud horns and a crowd of people have stopped and are looking at my daughter standing naked in the middle of the parking lot. I help Krissy put her dress back on, give her a quick kiss and we get back on the interstate.
We arrive in the middle of the busy downtown area right on time and we find a space in the parking garage. The elevator ride to the tenth floor was fun, then the door opens and we walk into a very large reception area with several couches and comfortable looking chairs. We are immediately greeted by a beautiful, oriental looking young girl and she invites Krissy and I to come with her to the physical examination room. I tell Tommy to sit down and read a magazine, then assure him will not be too long.
The young girl leads us down a long hallway, opens the door for us, then says the doctor will be with us shortly. As soon as Krissy and I sit down, a very beautiful woman about thirty years old wearing a doctor's lab coat enters the room. She introduces herself by shaking our hands, then turns around and gets Krissy's chart.
She reads it briefly, then says "Miss Krissy, please take off your pretty dress and stand in the middle of the room."
My daughter gets up, unbuttons her dress, hands it to me, then takes a few steps to the middle of the room. The female doctor sets her chart on the counter, then puts on a pair of latex gloves and walks over behind Krissy. She runs her hands back and forth over Krissy's shoulders then up and down her sides. Then, the doctor gets down on her knees, gently grasps Krissy's ass cheeks and pulls them apart so she can see her asshole.
As the doctor is doing this, the bottom of her lab coat rides up and I can clearly see that she is not wearing any panties. The doctor then sticks one finger into Krissy's ass and asks her if she feels any pain. Krissy says no, then the doctor gets back on her feet and walks around in front of her.
The doctor pushes my daughter's long blond hair away from her face so it is draped over her shoulders, then leans forward and kisses the nape of her neck on one side, then does the same thing to the other. The doctor then stands back a little bit, reaches out with both hands and starts feeling Krissy's breasts.
The doctor says "Oh, your breasts are very nice! They are just right for your height, weight and frame size! I especially like how your nipples really perk up when I touch them!"
The doctor instructs Krissy to get on the examination table and raise her knees up.
My daughter does like she is told, then the doctor looks over at me and says "Mrs Walker, I always like to be more comfortable when I examine new patients. Is it all right with you if I take off my lab coat?"
I respond "Oh please doctor, just act like I am not even in the room!"
The beautiful doctor steps directly in front of me about three feet away and starts unbuttoning her lab coat. She looks down at me as she unhooks the last button and pulls it back off her shoulders. Jesus Christ what a fantastic naked body she has! Perfect tits with hard, dark brown nipples and a smooth shaved pussy. I almost reach out to touch her, but I just smile at her and comment on her lovely figure.
The doctor then turns around and walks over to the examination table. She puts one knee on the soft cushion, then hops up and straddles my daughter. She moves forward a little bit so she is directly above her and looks straight down in her eyes.
I notice her full breasts are hanging down and touching Krissy's as she says "Krissy, do you like to have sex with girls?"
Krissy replies "Yes," then the doctor asks "When is the last time you had sex with a girl, and what is her name?"
Krissy looks over at me and I say "Go ahead Krissy, answer the doctor!"
My daughter waits a second, then says "I love having sex with girls, and my Mom and I had sex this morning!"
The doctor looks over at me, smiles, then looks back down at Krissy.
As the doctor continues to casually move her naked breasts back and forth against Krissy's, she says "Miss Krissy, I have to check your pussy to make sure it tastes good and smells sweet. Do you mind if I do that?"
Krissy says "Oh no doctor, I do not mind! Please let me know what you think about my pussy!"
The doctor lowers her head they start to passionately tongue kiss each other. Krissy begins moaning softly and after a couple of minutes, they break their kiss and the doctor slowly backs off the table. She takes time to suck on one of Krissy's nipples, then the other one. Once she is on her feet, the doctor immediately buries her face in Krissy's sweet pussy and begins to feverishly lick it. My daughter raises her hips up and she is moaning loudly like she is really enjoying herself.
Suddenly, the examination room door opens and the oriental girl appears in the doorway.
She takes a quick look, then yells down the hallway "Doctor Stevens! Natasha is playing doctor again! Come quickly!"
The girl that I thought was our doctor quickly grabs her lab coat from the floor, pulls it over her shoulders and runs out of the room.
Within a couple of seconds, an older man about sixty years old walks into the room. He introduces himself as our doctor and apologizes for letting something of this nature happen to us.
He says "I am sorry Mrs Walker! One of the models likes to play doctor on occasion! This is such a big office building that I can't keep track of who is walking around. Please forgive us and I will start the examination right now. All I have to do is give your daughter a quick visual exam and take her blood pressure. It should take no longer than two minutes."
About five minutes later, I am sitting with my son and daughter in the reception area. The oriental girl opens a door and says that our photography session has been moved forward because of what happened earlier and they are ready to start. I ask her if my son can come with us, and she says because of what happened earlier, he can be in the photo session also.
She escorts us down to the end of the hallway and opens the door for us. We walk and see about six or seven people milling around adjusting their expensive cameras. It is pretty dark in here and our eyes take a minute or so to adjust to the dim lighting.
Just then, an extremely attractive young girl walks up to us and says "Hi, my name is Keally, and I will be the photography session director for the next hour. Please have a seat over here Mrs Walker and Tommy while I take Krissy back stage to get her ready."
While my son and I wait, a couple of men bring out a carpet that looks exactly like real grass. Then, they bring out a picnic table and place it in the middle. Keally returns in a couple of minutes and invites me to look through one of their cameras. I am amazed that the stage looks exactly like someone's backyard with a picnic table and a privacy fence behind it!
For the next half hour my daughter has pictures taken of her in different styles and colors of bikinis and underwear.
Then, I hear Keally say "Okay, let's set up for the nude shots!"
Suddenly, the main door to the room opens up and about ten to fifteen people file in and sit in the movie theater seats located all the way at the back of the room. I turn around to look at them and see that they are all professional looking people with suit coats and ties. As I turn back around Krissy walks onto the set with a pitcher of lemonade and a glass. Her white cotton dress is so sheer that you can see right through it. She straddles the seat of the picnic table then takes the pitcher and fills up the glass. Next, she takes a swallow of the lemonade while looking into the camera, then holds the ice cold glass up next to her cheek and moves it back and forth.
I hear the people behind us talking and they are saying how beautiful my daughter looks on camera. Krissy then refills the glass, looks directly into the camera again and pours it down the front of her dress!
Her nipples immediately get harder than normal and you can see right through the material! I hear a couple of gasps from behind me as Krissy stands up and begins to unbutton her dress. After the last button, she pulls it down off her shoulders revealing her perfect little body. The crowd behind me applauds and cheers. I hear one of them say "That girl really knows how to pose for the camera!"
Then the lights turn on and the people behind me get to their feet and leave the room.
Keally comes over to me and says "I am glad they all left! Now it is time to get some really sexy shots of your daughter for our adult rated clothing line. Krissy has agreed to pose naked with your son for one thousand dollars cash. You can pick it up at the reception window on your way out. Please sign this paperwork that your son and daughter are over the age of twenty one."
As I sign the paperwork, Keally grabs my son's hand and takes him to his dressing room. The place becomes busy and the green carpet is taken out revealing the cement floor underneath. Then, one of the guys rolls out a brand new Harley Davidson motorcycle and parks it in the center of the stage area.
Keally comes back a few minutes later and invites me to look through one of the cameras again.
I tell her "That looks exactly like a motorcycle parked in someone's garage!"
She takes my hand, escorts me back to my seat, then says "Mrs Walker, during these adult photo sessions, I like to direct them while I am naked. Is that okay with if I undress now?"
I tell here to go right ahead, so she quickly unbuttons her blouse, tosses it onto the chair next to me. Then she unzips her skirt, pushes it down to her ankles, steps out of it and places it on top of her blouse.
Jesus Christ what a fantastic body she has!
She casually leans over in front of me, resting both her hands on my knees and says "You son and daughter are perfect for this part I am going to direct. We are adding a complete line of leather clothing aimed at motorcycle enthusiasts."
She continues talking, but I can't keep my eyes off her perfect little breasts hanging down in front of me. She gives me a quick kiss then walks over into the bright light to begin directing. When she gets to the motorcycle, she turns around, puts her hands on her hips and looks back and forth at the six people handling the cameras.
She says to them "Okay guys get ready! The photo session officially starts now!"
Keally steps away from the motorcycle just as my son and daughter come from their changing rooms and walk towards it. My children look so sexy in their leather motorcycle outfits! Tommy has on a black vest that does not have any buttons on it, black pants and black boots. Krissy has on a matching vest without buttons, a short black skirt and is not wearing anything on her feet. Tommy gets on the motorcycle, holds onto the handlebars and looks directly into the main camera while Krissy pretends like she is kissing him on the cheek. After a few seconds, Keally steps from the darkness and walks over to Krissy. She pulls the leather vest off her, then turns around, and tells the camera guys to take more pictures.
After the bright flashes die down, Keally gets back on stage unzips Krissy's skirt and throws it over on the floor. She saying something to Krissy that I can't quite hear, but I can see her right hand moving up and down Krissy's smooth pussy. After a few seconds, she says something to Tommy, then steps off the stage again. While still on the motorcycle, Tommy turns his head towards Krissy, then she gets up close to him and looks into his eyes.
Keally then says "Now!," and they begin kissing each other while Tommy fondles his sisters white ass cheeks.
Keally yells "Cut! That was a good take!," then she walks up to Tommy and tells him to get off the motorcycle.
I hear one of the camera guys whisper to his buddy "Are those two models really brother and sister? I heard Keally talking about it to someone in the hallway just before she came in!"
I look over at them and say "Yes guys, those are my kids and I am their mother."
Another guy says "Wow lady, you got some good looking models in your family!"
I look back over at the stage and watch as Keally pulls off my son's leather vest, unzips his pants and bends over to push them away from his feet. Then, she stands up straight, grabs Tommy's cock and starts stroking back and forth while she talks to him and Krissy.
I think to myself "Wow! This Keally girl really has a unique style of directing! She begins by stripping out of her clothes and walks around naked, and now she is jacking off my son in front of the entire film crew while they take pictures and video of her!"
All of a sudden I see Keally point towards me, then my daughter walks over to me and says "Mom, Keally wants me to suck Tommy's cock in front of all these people. Is that okay with you?"
I tell her "Go ahead and do anything she wants you to do! This is a good lesson to you! Never interfere with the director! Now, get back up there and do your best! I am proud of you!"
As Krissy walks back to the stage I notice Keally and Tommy are passionately kissing each other while she continues stroking his cock. The camera crew stays busy taking pictures even though Keally has not told them to start yet. As Krissy rejoins her brother on stage, Keally stops stroking Tommy's cock and starts giving Krissy instructions about what to do in this next scene. Keally then gets down on her knees in front of Tommy her arms down to her sides, opens her mouth and Tommy pushes his cock inside her a couple of inches while she looks upwards into his eyes.
They hold still for a few seconds while the camera guys take some photos, then Keally pulls her head back and Tommy's big cock pops out of her mouth. Keally then gets back on her feet, walks over to the corner of the stage and gets a professional set of police handcuffs. Krissy turns around to let Keally clasp them onto her wrists, then she helps Krissy get down to her knees in front of her brother.
After a few more instructions, Keally walks towards the cameras and says "Okay, get ready guys! One, two, three, start!"
Krissy looks upwards into her brother's eyes, then he moves a little closer to her open mouth.
The tip of his cock moves just past her lips and teeth, then Keally yells "Okay Tommy, hold it right there for a second!"
The camera flashes light up the room while Krissy has her brother's huge cock stuffed in her little mouth.
Then Keally says "Okay Krissy, keep your brother's cock in your mouth the best you can and look over here at the cameras!"
Krissy turns her head sideways a little and looks directly into the cameras flashing at her.
Keally gives more directions by saying "Okay, hold it there Krissy while your brother pushes his cock harder inside your mouth so your cheek on this side is bulging outwards!"
Tommy pushes harder like he was told to do, but Krissy is starting to fall over on her side because she has her arms handcuffed behind her back.
Keally yells "Stop pictures everyone until we get set up for the next scene!"
Keally returns to the stage, uses a key to free Krissy's wrists, then helps her to her feet. I hear Keally ask them if they would do one more session with Tommy's cock buried in Krissy's pussy. Krissy immediately looks over at me, and I tell her that it is okay with me. After hearing that, Keally instructs some of the crew to take away the motorcycle and bring out the six foot by eight foot rubber mat.
After the mat is placed in the middle of the stage, Keally gets on it and lays down on her back. She tells Tommy to get between her legs, then tells Krissy to kneel next to her.
Keally continues "When I tell the guys to start shooting I want Krissy to hop on my face so I can start licking her pussy, and I want Tommy to immediately push his cock into me."
Keally then looks over at the camera guys and says "Okay, one, two, three, start!" Krissy immediately swings a leg over Keally's face as Tommy shoves his hard cock inside Keally's pussy.
Krissy starts moaning loudly and whips her hair around her face while Tommy begins fucking Keally. They continue doing this for a couple of minutes, then suddenly Keally gently pushes Krissy away from her and she tells Tommy that he can stop now.
Tommy stops for a few seconds, but does not pull his cock out of her, so she says again "You can stop now Tommy! Pull your cock out of me!"
The tension mounts in the room as everyone waits to see what Tommy is going to do. He slowly pushes his cock in her as far as he can, then suddenly starts vigorously fucking the hell out of her. Keally starts struggling to get out from underneath him but he pins her wrists against the rubber mat.
Again Keally says "Tommy, get off me! You are supposed to be fucking your sister, not me! Get off me right now!"
Tommy ignores her pleading and continues ramming his huge cock into her tight pussy over and over. Over and over he rams his cock into her as she struggles to get him off her.
A couple of minutes go by then I hear one of the camera guys say "Fuck the hell out of her Tommy! Fuck that skinny little bitch!"
Three or four of the guys take their cameras and get closer to the stage to get better photos while my son continues thrusting his cock in and out of helpless little Keally.
Another camera guy says "Go ahead and fuck her Tommy! She has been teasing guys for such a long time that we want to see her get a good fucking!"
Suddenly, Tommy wraps his left arm around Keally's waist and uses his right arm to push them upward from the rubber mat. He struggles to his feet and Keally wraps her arms around the back of Tommy's neck for support. Then Tommy grabs Keally's ass cheeks and begins thrusting his cock up into her pussy as hard as he can.
Keally's legs dangle wildly around in the air as my son fucks the hell out of her. Suddenly Tommy stops thrusting his cock into her, leans back slightly, releases his grip from Keally's ass cheeks, then reaches behind his neck and grasps her wrists. Keally frantically tries to get her legs wrapped around Tommy's back to support herself as he slowly forces her arms down to her sides.
She screams at him "Let me down to the floor you fucking bastard! Let me down now!"
Keally finally gives up trying to get her legs around Tommy and stops struggling. Tommy bends his knees and leans back just a little bit, then releases his grip from Keally's wrists and places his hands on his hips.
One of the camera guys says "Jesus Christ, I never seen anything like this before in my life! Keally's feet are dangling around in the air and nothing is holding her off the floor except Tommy's cock!"
After a few seconds, the camera guys recover from their initial shock and the room becomes brilliantly lighted from all the camera flashes going off at one time.
Keally still has her arms down next to her sides and is impaled on Tommy's hard cock as she looks over to the cameras flashing and says "Are you happy now you fucking bastards! Did you get the show you have been wanting to see for the past year? Are you happy someone is fucking the hell out of me so you can take the pictures home and masturbate while you look at my naked body?"
After about fifteen seconds Tommy lowers her to her feet and his cock pops out of her. She runs her fingers through her hair a couple of times and tells Tommy that was the best fucking she as ever had. Suddenly, Tommy roughly turns her around, and forces her to lay face down on the rubber mat.
She tries to get up, but Tommy places one hand on the back of her neck while he takes his other and positions his cock at her asshole!
Keally cries "Please don't humiliate me any more in front of all these people! Let me up!"
Tommy ignores her and pushes his cock hard against her asshole. Keally is crying real tears as Tommy's hard cock pops inside her asshole and he applies even more pressure to keep it going further inside her. He pushes it in and pulls it back out a few more times, then he leans forward over the top of her and really starts giving her the fucking of her life!
She screams for him to stop, but he continues thrusting his cock into her asshole over and over again. After about five minutes, Tommy suddenly pulls his cock out of her and unloads a load of sperm that splashes all over her back and drips onto the rubber mat. After a few seconds, he gets up and all the camera guys give him a big round of applause. Then, he turns around, and walks towards the changing room area behind the stage. A few seconds later, Keally has regained her composure, gets to her feet and she runs to the changing rooms also.
All the guys start having lively conversations while Krissy and I wait for Tommy to finish changing into his street clothes. After about five minutes, he appears from behind the stage walking hand in hand with Keally. Tommy is dressed in the clothes he wore here today, but Keally is still naked. When they get to us, she reaches up and places her hand on the back of Tommy's neck to pull him close to her.
She gives him a kiss, then says "Don't forget to call me tonight!" then picks up her blouse and skirt from the chair where she had put them earlier, and walks off to the exit door.
Tommy holds up a piece of paper and says "Look Mom, I got her phone number! She wants me to come over this weekend to meet her girlfriends!"
That nice oriental girl has been sitting in the back the whole time and she gets up and walks over to us. She tells us that was a great photo session, then asks us to follow her back out to reception area.
We walk down the long hallway, then she opens the door for us and says "Please have a seat and the receptionist will have your payment for you in just a couple of minutes. She smiles, then closes the door behind her."
About a minute later, the same door opens and "Natasha the Doctor" steps into the room and walks over to Krissy. She has on a beautiful black silk dress that is completely open in the front and her huge naked breasts gently sway back and forth as she walks. When she gets to Krissy, she reaches into the front of her black thong panties and pulls out a small piece of writing paper. She hands the piece of paper to Krissy then pulls her dress together, wraps the matching black silk tie around her waist and walks towards the elevator behind us.
Krissy reads the note Natasha just gave her and it says "You passed my physical examination honey! Make sure you call me this weekend and we will go boating on my boyfriend's thirty foot yacht with a few of my girlfriends! Make sure you call me!"
We turn around to see Natasha step into the elevator, then Natasha waves to us as the door closes.
Krissy says "Mom, is it okay if I call her? I really liked the physical examination she was giving me before we got interrupted." I tell Krissy that I think she is really nice also, and to invite her over to the house sometime to spend the night with us.
Just then the receptionist opens the sliding glass window and says that our payment is ready. We get up and walk over to her.
She hands us an envelope that says "One Thousand Dollars Cash" on it, then says "Mrs Walker, your daughter has been hired full time! Congratulations!" Krissy squeals with excitement, then gives her brother and myself a quick kiss. The receptionist continues "Krissy's next session is one week from today at the same time."
Suddenly, a professional looking women opens the door in the receptionist's office, hands her a typed document, then departs. The receptionist says "Please excuse me for a second Mrs Walker while I read this notice. It is a personal letter from the Chief Executive Officer addressed to you."
The receptionist takes a minute to read the letter, then says "The CEO was sitting behind you during part of Krissy's initial photography session today and wants you to do a private session with your son and daughter at his home next weekend for about one hundred of his guests."
She then interjects "I have been at his parties before Mrs Walker and they are a blast. He lives next to the ocean in this huge mansion on about ten acres of land. He has three or four swimming pools, a bowling alley and always has live entertainment, free food and drinks. I would accept this invitation if I were you!"
I tell her "Well I don't know about that. I will have to think about it."
The receptionist starts reading more from the letter.
She recites "The payment for the photography session will be four thousand dollars cash paid in full upon your arrival at his residence, or you can receive the payment at departure if you would like."
Krissy and Tommy start giggling a little bit, then I ask what type of photography session is he looking for.
The receptionist continues "According to this note from the CEO, it explains that the photography session will be directed by Keally and will start exactly at ten o'clock at night and will last at least one hour. It also says that you, your son and daughter must all perform oral sex on each other, with the finale being your son having anal sex with you."
I say "Well, that does not sound too bad! We do that around the house for free all the time! We might as well get paid for doing the same thing in front of an audience of one hundred or more people!" Then I ask her "Are there anything other stipulations in that contract you have?"
The receptionist says "There is one more. It says here, after your photography session, you and your children must remain completely naked and mingle with his guests for at least one hour.
If you stay an additional hour after that and let his guests take pictures of themselves posing with you and your children, he will authorize you to receive an additional two thousand dollars cash at exactly one o'clock in the morning."
I take a second to look at Tommy and Krissy, then I say to the receptionist "You said the CEO always has great food. Can we come over a couple of hours earlier to go swimming and have a great dining experience?"
The receptionist says "His special guests, like your family, may have anything on the menu prepared by his personal chef. He always has lobster, crab cakes, three or four different types of fresh fish, steak, or you may even order a cheeseburger if you want one."
I decide this is going to be a really great time for the kids and myself, so I say "Where do I sign the contract?"
The receptionist tells me the only thing to sign is a statement that says Tommy and Krissy are at least twenty one years of age. I quickly sign it, then we turn around and head towards the elevator.
Krissy says "Wow Mom, that is two thousand dollars apiece for three hours of work!"
Just then we hear someone yelling "Tommy, Tommy!," so we turn around and see Keally running towards us. I think to myself "Wow! Fifteen or twenty minutes have passed since we last saw her and she still has not put any clothes."
She runs up to Tommy, gives him a quick kiss on the cheek, then turns around and starts running back to the hallway entrance door.
She stops for a second and says "I hate to run, but I am right in the middle of a photo session with three identical sisters who are naked in the cold studio so I better get back quickly!" She winks at Tommy, then the door closes behind her.