Welcome to Chapter Twelve! Thanks to everyone who has read and voted and commented or sent me an email. I very much enjoy getting emails - they keep me motivated. This chapter gets into some violence and lots of sex. Quite a bit of plot development and insight into more of the obscure characters. The twins are making headway on several fronts in this chapter. I tried for a longer chapter this time per a request and hopefully filled another one. I hope Howard was looking over my shoulder for this chapter as much of this one is unchartered territory from our earlier discussions, but sometimes the characters take over and tell their own story and ten pages later they've pushed you into a new direction. Hope you enjoy it.
*****
Geran and Nicole - Chapter 12
Geran's Story:
Nicole and I quickly got back to back and extended two blood blades each. We were facing Throatslitter and about fifteen or so of her flunkies. I eyed her carefully.
She had a voice that sounded like cold stones from a graveyard rubbing across each other. "You are forbidden from accessing the Black Library."
I responded, "OK. Fine. Back off and we'll leave peacefully."
She shook her head and drew two long katanas, "No, a message must be sent and you must be made to understand my employers' position in this matter."
OK - keep her talking. "Employers? There's a whole group worried about us getting some books we and no one else can read?" I don't usually lose my cool but this was too much. Not again was the only thought I had. I didn't care who we faced or how many. I began trying to manipulate my teleportation field in ways I had never attempted. She just needed to talk a little longer.
I stalled, "What if your employers wanted a certain book or books from in there? We could get them for you or them."
My bet paid off. Whomever her employers were they were listening in and probably watching as well. I linked minds with Nicole so she was aware of what I was going to try to do. Just as Throatslitter began to speak in that creepy voice I let loose.
My teleportation field moved Nicole, me, and Throatslitter's legs twenty feet straight up. Nicole and I hovered in place except I swooped in quickly and grabbed her dismembered legs. I held them over my head and roared in triumph while the blood poured over me. I glared down at her crippled body and laughed the most evil laugh I could. "Tell your masters we will NOT submit. Molon Labe!!"
I sent searing power through the legs I was holding and burned them to a crisp and hurled them at the fleeing bodies. I imagine their masters needed her healed rather than sacrifice the whole group. I wasn't done.
I flew down with blood blades drawn and flashing through the escaping goons. I think I killed about five and was drenched in blood.
I wasn't tired like I thought I would be though. I had an incredible thirst as well. I grabbed a water bottle from my back pack and downed it, but if anything I was thirstier than ever. Enough! I'd deal with that later.
I caught Nicole's gaze. She had an odd expression. "Let's go check out some books!" I took her hand and teleported to the double doors to the Black Library.
Nicole's Story:
Geran was... I don't even know. He became a warrior with very unexpected side effects. The blood scent of another person like Throatslitter pulled his vampirism out of dormancy to almost active. He was covered in blood and had an aura that would make a normal human run away pissing themselves. Even I was leery.
We got to the doors ready to pick the locks and light the goofy torches. We needn't have bothered. The Black Library smelled the blood as well and made us welcome. The doors were wide open; the torches were all lit and it was very bright inside. The books were, well, the books were making noises. I was still linked to Geran's mind and he heard the noises too except to him it was an almost painfully beautiful symphony. He was completely and totally spellbound.
He strode in with clarity of purpose and began selecting specific books that called out to him. Each one he touched absorbed some of the blood covering him. By the time he pulled the tenth book he was clean of any blood. The lights went out and the noise stopped. I grabbed Geran's hand more frightened than I'd ever been in my entire life. I could feel the raging hunger of the books still on the shelves and knew they would rend the flesh from my bones to be set free into Geran's hands.
I grabbed him closely and tapped into his befuddled brain to 'port us home. I fumbled the first attempt and just got us back to the roof. The blood still there made the books in Geran's arms glow slightly. I tapped him again and got us to our bedroom.
He had an expression of almost rapturous joy on his face. I slapped the books out of his arms and popped his cheeks a few times. He had a slightly confused expression on his face.
"What are you doing? Why are you hitting me?" He asked.
"You fucking jerk! You were GONE!! Those books wanted to eat me and you were going to FUCKING LET THEM!!" I began shrieking, screaming, crying, and trying to beat the living shit out of him.
He let me continue until I ran out of steam and then held me tightly.
"You fucking jerk." I whispered to him.
"No more trips to the Black Library." He told me kissing the top of my head.
"I certainly hope not. You just can't go in bloody and it would probably be a good idea to find a new book thief partner. Nicole is unsuited for this task and highly vulnerable." Mom had gathered the books and was flipping through them casually.
Geran looked startled. "Mom, you're hurting them!"
She looked at him like he had just grown four more heads. "What did you say? I'm causing these BOOKS pain? Is that what you're insisting is factual?"
He looked confused again. "No, pain isn't the right word. Discomfort? Uneasiness? Consternation? It's like they feel the way a small bird would when staring a cat in the eyes."
"And they have no such issue with you or Nicole?"
"Not with me. They... LIKE me. Give one to Nicole."
"FUCK NO I'M NOT TOUCHING THOSE FUCKING THINGS!!" I backed away.
Geran caught me, "We won't let anything happen to you just stand here and let Mom hold out each one towards you so I can see how they respond. Please?"
"I don't like this but ok. Just be quick!" I stood my ground vowing no shitty old books were going to get the best of me.
Each one felt different as it was closer to me. I could feel it and so could Geran but Mom was blind to each one.
Geran set aside two thick volumes. "These two are deadly to who and what you are. I'll have to read them to find out why but there's something very anti-you in them. Maybe the War aspect. Maybe the succubus aspect. I don't know but these two need to be kept in a special vault.
"Those four are very beneficial to you. Again, no clue why. The other four seem neutral but very Horseman or Apocalyptic in nature. These could give us some big clues as to what, why, how, when, where, etc." He had gone into lecturer mode.
"Geran, stop being a dork that can't see the forest for the damn trees. Two of the 'neutral books you pointed out are very beneficial towards you. I'm willing to bet the other two might help us find Horseman Number Three. Speaking of Horsemen, Mom, this may sound stupid or I may have asked it already, but shouldn't we have horses?" I was trying to sidetrack the conversation away from the books.
She actually gave a small laugh! "Yes, you both have horses waiting for you. They are stallions bred in the most sorcerous pits of hell and are a power unto themselves. Yours is named Phobos and Geran's is Deimos. Fear and Terror before you ask what the names mean. You aren't ready for them yet. Soon I think.
"Geran I know you are touchy about your pretties you stole, but I would like to take these two prickly tomes with me and keep them safe from you and Nicole. When your fortress is complete we will construct a room that is not a room which will strip all the books of any sentience and abilities. They will just be books. Acceptable?" She sidled up close to him and rubbed her full breasts across his chest and then pushed her groin firmly into his crotch.
"Yeah. Yeah, that's a good plan." He gasped out leaning in for a kiss and a grope as she flamed his arousal.
"Perfect! Get some sleep. You have class in the morning." She began walking out with the most sultry swing of her body I'd seen. She stopped at the door, "By the way, Geran. What you did back there with Throatslitter was most impressive. Most impressive indeed. I think I may get in your bed and reward you after Nicole has tried to sate your lust." She left the room and called out from the hallway, "You should have killed her, though. She'll be back and it's personal now." And with that she was gone.
I looked over at Geran. His eyes were glazed with lust from Mom's toying and I heard a ripping sound. I glanced down to see his erections actually ripping through his pants. This was going to be a long fun night. I wondered what he would do if he REALLY let go and cut loose. I decided to find out.
I sauntered over to him stripping as I went. I pulled him down for a deep kiss and at the last second slid my mouth to his neck. I grew my fangs (they're kinda small), bit his jugular, and injected a concentrated amount of my pheromones. I actually figured that out later. I was just doing what seemed right.
I quickly ran over to the bed and lay down prostrate and spread for him. If he was in battle I would say he became a berserker. In the bed it was much, much, much more intense. He lusted for me body and soul. His mouth attached itself to my pussy and clit. I felt multiple tongues exploring every part of me sending me to heights of pleasure, but his mind had firmly clamped down on my orgasms. I was having more sensations and more intense pleasure than ever and the bastard wouldn't let me cum!
I begged, pleaded, promised and still he drove me higher. His hands were now working over my ultra-sensitive breasts and tormenting my erect nipples.
I lost track of all time. I only knew pleasure and I knew it was coming from the person who loved me more than life itself which made it even better.
Eventually, he had drunk his fill of my juices and climbed on top of me. He showed no gentleness, just a beast wanting pleasure. I realized then that even though I had enjoyed it immensely, due to his state of mind he was only trying to do what made him happy. It felt very good knowing he was looking out for himself once.
He rammed both cocks into me in one hard thrust. His fucking was animalistic and his grunts were bestial. He was using those new wonderful tongues in my ear and my legs were wrapped tightly around him trying to pull him further into my body. My arms were around his broad strong shoulders and my fingernails were slicing the flesh on his back. Everything I did made him fuck me harder and push me higher. I think my eyes were kaleidoscopic and illuminating the room when they were open.
He fucked me and fucked me. Hours went by when I felt an urgency in his thrusting. "Yes! Yes! Geran, fill me with your cum! I need to feel you filling me with your soul! Cum for me! Cum for your sister! Cum for your wife! Cum for MEEEEEE!"
And he did. When the first spurt blasted out of his cock into me I could feel it. It was much hotter than usual. When the cum touched my cervix he let the restraints go and I had the most powerful orgasm ever. It was like my mind, body, and soul intertwined with his and became one being wrapped in orgasmic loving joy. We reached the peak and stayed there together as one for I don't know how long. It seemed like a microsecond and an eternity. Then we fell into loving semi-orgasmic sleep.
When we awoke, I was lying on top of him with his dicks still firmly inside me. I kissed his chest gently. "I love you." I whispered.
"He loves you, too" Mom's voice came from the across the room. I looked over at her.
"He's in a deeper sleep for a minute so we could chat. Those two books must be put in the special room and NEVER removed. In fact, I would go so far as to say after you and Geran have learned what you need to destroy them utterly. Make certain of it. They are anathema to you. Do you understand? I need to hear you say it, Daughter."
I shifted a little so I could look into her eyes. It occurred to me I couldn't tell what color they were and I had never noticed. "I swear to you I will do everything in my power to destroy if possible; neutralize if not the two tomes you are keeping safe for and from us after we have gleaned the necessary knowledge from them."
She nodded, "Good enough." Her expression turned wistful and longing. I am woman enough to know what was in her thoughts.
"You're a little jealous of our relationship and passion aren't you, Mom?" I asked softly.
"I am not accustomed to anyone asking such invasive questions of me. Sorry. Female to female, yes I am envious. The love you two share and the pure passion..." She fell silent for a moment.
"I am over ten thousand years old and I have NEVER found anyone to compliment me like you two complement each other. Ten thousand years. Do you realize Geran is the only male I have ever had intercourse with willingly? The pleasure he and I shared was and is nothing compared to what you share. There are times I hate him for being in our lives and corrupting my plans. My succubus side is like a goddess in power. Maybe in a few millennia you will know that type of power, that type of lust, and how difficult it is to contain it with an incubus and a loved one in your life."
"Mom! Stop! Geran loves you! I love you! I am willing to share my husband with you! I know he wants to be closer to you and doesn't understand why you act cruelly at times. Come over here and I'll grab a shower, breakfast, and go over to Celeste's while you two have fun."
A multitude of emotions flickered over her face. "It's not that easy. As I indicated, my succubus side is powerful like you can't imagine. I can never let go like you two did and do. I would drain his life essence instantly and devour it just to make me cum. It's more difficult than you know. It's a hunger than can't be sated." She got up to leave.
"Mom. Wait. Please. Two things: First come to bed with BOTH of us and let me into your mind a little to hold the hunger while you allow yourself some fun. Second, let me talk to Geran about it. He's smart and incredibly intuitive with coming up with solutions. I bet he could figure out a way to make it happen." She started shaking her head no.
"Fucking shit MOM!" I exploded. "Why do you want to be a fucking miserable martyr!?! WE. ARE. YOUR. FAMILY. We help each other to become stronger. We have each other's backs. Let the ten thousand year bullshit go and get fucking laid by your son and daughter. Then let Meister plug your ass and scratch your itch. That big fucker is practically invincible. And he's got a HUGE cock and knows how to use it. He rang every bell in my pussy."
She gave me a stern look. "You have a foul mouth and a lecherous personality." She held up a hand to stop me interrupting. "BUT, I will acquiesce to my wiser, hornier, daughter and give it a try. But not right now. We've got things to do and I want your filthy juices off of my son's equipment when I start on him."
I gave her a look that said she better get used to the taste of my pussy on his dicks 'cause that's the way it's always gonna be. She smirked.
You two go to class. Come straight home! Geran and I need to give the fortress a going over and then we need to study these books before any itches get scratched. Understood, Little Miss Wet Crotch?"
"Mooooom! That's not fair. I'm a teenager and a succubus and married to a hunk. How could I NOT be wet all the time?" She made a beeline for the door muttering something about should've gotten cats instead of children.
I kissed Geran and poked his ribs. "How much you hear Mr. Play Possum?"
He opened his eyes, "Nearly all of it I think. She's let out more information to us in the past month than the previous eighteen years."
"Yep."
He ruffled my hair. "I think she wants to figure out how to wall off her mind so you and I don't see any other secrets while you're doing your thing and she's doing my things."
I nodded, "You're probably right. I'm going to play it straight though and not peek."
He looked concerned. "What is it?" I asked.
"Well, I was just thinking, you know, wondering..."
I looked at him impatiently, "Am I supposed to guess, Dickhead?"
'Nooooooo. I was just thinking where I would sleep if she's better in the sack than you."
"You fucker! You'll sleep in the garage and your two dicks will sleep in my bed with me! As if ten thousand year old pussy could ever be better than mine! You owe me flowers, clothes, dinner, dancing, jewelry, oh - some nice shiny weapons, and several more affairs for that comment you fucker!" I play pouted.
He pulled me up to him and gave me a kiss with some passion behind it. "I'll do absolutely anything for you." He whispered looking deeply into my eyes.
"Awwww, stop that before you make me cry." I got up and headed for the shower swaying my ass at him. Like a dutiful hubby he followed.
We showered and talked about how wonderful last night was and how to make our - mostly his - night with Mom special. We avoided the blood bath and Black Library discussion.
Geran's Story:
It was a beautiful chilly late October morning. Nicole wore a pink turtleneck that was a size or two too small with no bra and very erect nipples. I honestly do not remember ever seeing them when they weren't erect. Her areolas were faintly visible as well. She slid into some too tight yoga pants that were the rage now. Camel toe very visible. I had a thought and shared it with her. "Hey, you know how we are each other's almost version of absolute physical perfection? I think we're doing it to each other."
Nicole looked at me while brushing her teeth. "What in the fuck are you babbling?"
I sighed, swatted her ass, and continued, "We have demonic and angelic blood and who knows what else. We've already proven we can shape shift to a degree. We can probably become experts at shape shifting like Mom can so why wouldn't it be possible for our subconscious minds to be subtly influencing how our partner looks to make certain we are more attracted physically to each other than anyone else?"
She spit in the sink and rinsed. "I can see that. So your physique makes me horny. More horny than any other male physique. That I've encountered. That just means I need to find and fuck shitloads more guys to make certain you're correct." She smiled pleased with her logic.
Then the same though punched us in the gut and our faces paled as we both blurted, "If Mom is that good of a shape shifter how do we know she isn't masquerading as someone else we know?"
We stared at each other for several uncomfortable moments. "Let's go to class." I said.
"Yeah."
I 'ported us to campus where we kissed and hugged and went to our separate classes. I was reasonably confident we had breathing room from attacks for a while. Maybe a week or two. I tried hard to concentrate on my lectures, but my mind was on Nicole, Mom, the books, the Library, the fortress, and who the hell our attackers were. Were they all from the same direction or group? Was it just a random set of beings trying their hands at taking out the first two Horsemen in hopes of stopping or causing a massive delay to the Apocalypse we were supposed to bring about?
I gave up halfway through my third class and bailed. I went to the canteen for a greasy burger and a Coke. I'm not certain what had changed in my perception, but I was noticing all the girls checking me out. Not being used to it my ego puffed up excitedly. I sat looking at emails on my phone munching the burger as grease ran down my arm. I wasn't reading the emails. I was expanding an aura gently into the room. I decided to call it my 'corruption wave' so Nicole would have something to make fun of. Once I had filled the room with it I began increasing the intensity of it.
Every person in the room was becoming very sexually excited. Several girls were headed right for me. One was even taking her shirt off as she approached. The guys in the room were also affected. I shut it off and made a quick escape. THAT had potential. I needed to be able to fine tune it to specific people, but wow. I realized it was a modification of the thing I had done to the bitchy girl at the frat party. Geran, dude, I told myself, you are becoming too clever for your own good.
Geran replied to the Geran thought: If we're so damn clever, then who was Mom in all the people we've encountered? Meister? That incredible brunette? Celeste? Maybe no one.
I felt two soft lightly perfumed hands cover my eyes: "Guess who, Stud?" A female voice whispered huskily in my ear. I shivered with pre-excitement.
"The size and firmness of your breasts says Celeste. Wanna quickie in the bathroom?" She bit my ear.
"Absolutely not! How about we go to your apartment and break the shit out of your new bed?" She began licking and teasing my ear. Her hand snaked down my chest and into my pants. "Mmmmmm. These feel ready to show me a VERY good time." She was stroking one of my dicks very firmly.
"Awww, you don't play fair! I got stuff to do and I'm supposed to go home and..." I started to protest.
She spun me around and reached back into my pants. "Lover Boy, Nicole sent me to you to keep you out of the way while she and your frigid Mom get ready for tonight. I'm here to make certain YOU are ready while extracting my substantial payment of a fucking shitload of orgasms and at least one mega-orgasm."
I smiled and decided to try my new trick. I pulled her close and licked her ear while unleashing a contact corruption wave making her climax on the spot. "I can handle that. Can you?"
She had a lustful grin, "Oh yeah! I can handle it. And I love your new little trick. Take us to your bed so we can get started.
I 'ported us to our apartment bedroom, but I had not teleported her clothes. "You have been learning new tricks. So have I." She wrapped her nude body around me and we began kissing and fondling, and groping, and fingering. She shoved me on the bed and started deep throating one cock and stroking the other. Then one of fingers was in my ass rubbing my prostrate and when I thought she couldn't get any better she began humming a tune. The vibrations in her throat sent me over the edge. She swallowed most of my cum but let a few spurts hit her face, hair, and tits.
"I know you like seeing your jizz on me." She smiled.
"Fuck Celeste! I've never cum that fast from a blowjob. You've been learning stuff too you bad girl."
"Mmmmmm. I have been bad. Will you spank your naughty little slut?" She purred.
'Better believe you're gonna get punished. First, I want you to sit on my face." We were pushing each other's buttons having fun. She roughly shoved me on my back and slammed her wet pussy into my face. She smelled and tasted incredible. I began using the corruption trick through my tongue every time it made contact with her clit. Her moans and screams let me know I was doing a good job and encouraged me to do more.
Her gorgeous tanned and toned thighs were in my sight every time she squirmed and shifted. She began to grind her pussy harder into my face and actually cut off my air supply. She wouldn't let me breathe no matter how hard I shoved her. On an inspiration I bit her clit. Hard. She let me breathe and had the hardest orgasm I've ever seen her have.
She looked down at me. I could see her flat belly, full breasts, and beautiful face. She spoke, no, commanded me, "Now you're getting it Lover. Now please me like I want you to! Or you better learn to breathe pussy!" And then my view was her hot shaved groin firmly humping my face.
I began doing things I've never done. The harder I bit the more she begged for more. She climaxed and moaned and screamed. I nipped her vulva, labia, and clit repeatedly. She still wanted more. Thinking desperately how to push her harder I impulsively punched my fist into her ass. Then I let loose a massive power blast of corruption wave through my fist and mouth into her super aroused body. THAT was what she wanted! She stayed conscious through the whole ordeal and her shuddering convulsive orgasm lasted a long time.
After she came back to reality, she looked like a sexy cat that was very happy and content. She gave me a small kiss. "I'm starting to see what your sister sees in you. Sexually, I mean. You really know how to please a woman. I don't know whether to keep you locked up for just Nicole and me or to advertise your amazing tongue and cocks."
I was running my hands over her breasts down to her thighs over her ass and back. "In all seriousness, Celeste, I need to be spread around for a while. Mom insists I create a 'harem' of ultra-loyal, mildly powered, blood and sex slaves to serve as, well, as bait and as a shield to give me and Nicole time to either fight back or get away."
She put one of her hands on mine and kept it on her firm breast squeezing and kneading it. "That bothers you, doesn't it?"
"Well, yeah. I know its war and all but it seems cold to intentionally take women out of their lives just to shield me."
She gave me another quick kiss. "You're looking at it the wrong way round. You and three others have a duty to perform a task no one else can. You need bodyguards. Make no mistake; you are in this battling for your life and Nicole's. You are locked in a war you never knew was coming nor did you ask to participate in. The future, a BETTER future, depends on you four and the decisions you make. If you need to be a hundred deep in pussy willing to defend you to the bitter end then so be it. I will be there by your side. So will Vince. We're two decent powers to have on your side. But you NEED an army. The Battle for the Apocalypse will rage over the planet before it's done unless you guys figure out a new way. It's just started and there have already been how many attempts on your life? Nicole's life?"
She ran out of steam and fell silent. Then she rolled over and snuggled her back against me. "You two are my family. I won't lose you. If I have to bring the men to Nicole and the women to you and force the two of you to create your personal elite forces then I will. You'll get other allies as well. People who just flat out believe in you or her or what you stand for. Make certain you stand for what's right.
"The world is more corrupt and darker than it's ever been. You have the ability to REALLY make it better. I KNOW how bad the world is. I'm Justice and I feel each corrupt act like a pinprick to my flesh. I need your help to master my powers so I can BECOME Justice and a power for your fight. Don't lose sight of your goals. Now quit rubbing those yummy cocks against my ass and go shower. You need to be at the address on your text in an hour. Wear those clothes hanging in the bathroom. I'm going to raid your closet since you left my clothes at school."
We got up and she gave me a lopsided grin, then a kiss. "Go. I'll see you tomorrow, fate willing."
I felt somewhat in a daze as I showered. I cleaned myself thoroughly with scented soap and body wash. Then shaved, and got myself ready. The clothes were a very stylish black tuxedo with all the matching doodads that go with it. I still felt a little naked. I decided I needed to start packing weapons with my outfits.
Anyway, I splashed on some cologne and slapped myself into focus. I grabbed my phone and teleported to the garage at Mom's house. Nicole was waiting. "Shit you look good! You smell good! I want you for myself!!" She looked away from me. "Go you gorgeous asshole. Walk down the road a bit and hail the limo. Then come back here and pick up your date. And BE READY when you get home. We need to make this work." I was staring at her bare legs and breasts. She was only wearing her Daisy Dukes.
"Are you paying attention? I only dressed this way because it was comfortable and I wanted you semi-hard at least all night. Go!! I'll see you later." She turned tail and ran back into the house before we jumped each other and forgot the elaborate plans laid for the night.
I went outside and the chill air helped immensely to clear my head. I found the limo and got in. Nicole had thought of everything. There was a bouquet, a small corsage, and even a small wrapped gift. It felt like a bracelet or something. At our house I got out with the bouquet and went to the door and knocked. Then the worst case of nerves I'd ever felt kicked in.
A young woman in a maid's outfit answered the door. "Yes, sir?" I didn't recognize her but assumed she was a low level demon Mom had summoned to maintain the illusion.
"Geran Parker to see Miss Susan Talisman, please." The name popped into my head.
"She's expecting you, sir. Come in and kindly wait in the lounge for her." She led me through a completely different house to a Victorian Era Parlor. Everyone is pulling out all the stops and putting everything into it. I refocused and stepped up my game. I few minutes later I heard some high heeled shoes clicking into the parlor.
My throat caught at the vision of enchanting loveliness in front of me. I know Mom was beautiful, but she never flaunted it or even showed off. She did tonight. She was wearing a floor length blood red dress with a slit on the right side that ended above her hip. Actually, it was more like a narrow pie slice out of the dress which left a tantalizing view of a long, tan, black thigh high stocking clad, and beautifully sculpted leg. The dress was snug without being tight and was cut between to just below her breasts. Her breasts were heavy and full and her nipples were just barely making small points in the fabric. Her right arm was fully sheathed in a long sleeve with a lacy frill over her wrist. Her left shoulder and arm were bare.
She was wearing dangly gold earrings easily visible from her styled hair which had most of it up and some tendrils framing her face and neck to let observers know her silken midnight black hair was actually quite long. Her eyes were mesmerizing, although I can't remember the color. Her lips, her face. I was stunned before how incredibly gorgeous this creature in front of me was. I felt a small, small, thought intrusion from Nicole to Mom. Susan. Her beauty dimmed to mortal standards and I could function again.
I cleared my throat, "Susan, you are beautiful! Actually, beautiful isn't a big enough word. Uhm, these are for you."
Mom / Susan took the flowers and gave me a shy smile while smelling them. "Thank you Geran. You're always so thoughtful. I'll have them put in water and then shall we go?"
"I am a servant to your whims tonight."
She giggled and left with the flowers and was back quickly. "Susan, in all sincerity you are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." She actually blushed and gave me a quick peck on the lips.
"You are quite dashing as well, sir. Help me with my wrap?" She asked handing me a black lacy shawl with red trim. I placed it over her shoulders feeling the strength and warmth. We exited the house and got it the limo headed for our date.
We chatted and had some champagne during the ride. I attached the corsage to her clothed wrist and gave her the wrapped box. She opened it and it had a simple gold chain with a locket at the end. In the locket was a small picture of Mom, Nicole, and me looking very happy. She was thrilled with it and had me fasten it around her shapely neck. Her perfume mixed with her scent was making me intoxicated. I felt another nudge from Nicole and my senses returned to me.
We went to an elegant overpriced restaurant with amazing views of the city. Dinner was excellent, but I do not remember much of it. I was enjoying her company and for once we were connecting as people and it felt wonderful. We talked about a wide array of topics and interests. Halfway through dinner she slipped off her shoe and began running her silk covered foot up and down my calf. Never getting much higher, but promising so much more. We spent several hours eating and drinking and sharing our thoughts. We had left our roles and duties locked away for the night and I think she was enjoying it as much as I was. If nothing else it was a new and novel experience for her.
After dinner, the limo took us to a dance club. They had an orchestra and played swing, big band, and pre-World War II music. We ballroom danced for hours. Many men tried to cut in and quite a few women for me, but they were all spurned. Although I hated it at the time I am very grateful Mom forced dance lessons on Nicole and me. I love to dance and it's a wonderful experience when your partner is as skilled as you. You cease being a couple and become a moving, swirling, work or art to be enjoyed by the dancers and the audience.
Susan was an exquisite dancing partner and her braless breasts swayed to her movements. Her dress would flare out exposing her incredible stocking covered legs to the room. She wasn't wearing any underwear and the stockings only came up to her upper thighs so occasionally she treated everyone to a view of her firm, tight, flexing ass and even more rarely, a brief glimpse of a smooth shaven pussy.
We weren't tired, but we had reached a mutual desire to go home. We entered the limo, shared more champagne, and discussed how much fun we were having. The conversation started to sputter and eventually died to awkward silence. We acted like shy kids. Maybe we were. I leaned in and pulled her mouth to mine. She melted into my arms and we were locked in a passionate embrace the rest of the way home with the dance transferred to our tongues. I felt a blast of cold air and realized the driver had stopped and opened the door. She looked at me.
"Geran, would you like to come in for a little while? Uhm, my parents are out of town and maybe we could watch a movie. Or something." She was putting on some serious heat again and I was her love slave.
"If you're sure it's alright, I'd love to come in for a bit, Susan."
She exited the limo first and then I did and tipped the driver heavily. She looked over her shoulder and spoke quietly and almost shyly, "Thank you driver. We won't need your services anymore tonight."
She sashayed up the walk giving an erotic swing to her hips. The driver grinned at me and tipped his hat. "Good Night, Sir!"
I followed her up the walk and into the house. "Would you kindly wait in the parlor for a moment? I'll have Nan bring you some refreshments."
I found a semi-comfortable loveseat to park and sipped the drink Nan had brought. I actually started getting nervous again. The lights in the room dimmed about halfway down and I looked up at the doorway.
She had one hand above her head on the doorframe. The other was on her hip. Her long legs were slightly crossed at the ankles. She was wearing black high heels, her same thigh high stockings, a very small pair of wispy black panties, A matching bra which allowed her nipples to be seen clearly, her new necklace, a black lace choker, and a completely see through black robe flowing around her.
"Geran, would you like to spend the night with me? Would you make love to me? I really want you to." She began slowly and sensuously slinking towards me. Her eyes were full of lust and her body full of promise.
We kissed each other for several minutes, and then I reached down and picked her up. She put her head on my shoulder and her arms around my neck. I carried her to her bedroom which was also a new Victorian style room. I placed her gently on the soft bed and just stared at her beautiful body for several minutes.
"You're making me nervous, Geran. Come lie with me."
I slid out of my jacket, tie, and shirt and got beside her and we once again began kissing. We unwrapped each other like presents until I was nude and she only had her necklace, the choker, and the stockings left. I picked up her leg and began kissing and working my way up from her delicate toes, to her strong legs. I skipped her pussy for now and started on her flat abs. Then those magnificent breasts. They were so full and heavy and when I sucked on the nipples I had a flash of a memory of doing this as a baby. I started working my corruption touch very gently and slowly through her nipples. "Geran, that feels sooooo good. No one has ever played with my breasts like that. I think I might have a... oh YES!! I'm cumming!! Kiss me, please."
I did and our hands started finding each other's most private areas. Her hands were soft and smooth and cool against my hot erections. My fingers were dancing over her erect clit and probing inside her tight wetness. She pushed me away and looked at me. "Please, Geran. No more foreplay. I want to feel you inside me."
I got into position on top of her and had my throbbing erections ready to penetrate her and I paused. "Susan. No. MOM. I want you to know I love you. I have always loved you and this is my physical expression of how much I love you. Please accept the pleasure I want to give you."
She kissed me and replied, "Geran, Son, I am not certain if I can love, but if I can't than you and your sister have brought me the closest to love I've experienced. If I can, then I love you as deeply as you love me. Please enter me." She placed her hands on my ass and began pulling me towards her. I put my tongue back in her mouth and began slowly slowly entering her body. An inch in, pull back, further, pull back, I took several minutes to be fully in her. Once I was in to the hilt I remained still letting us feel each other. Then I started pumping slowly and firmly. Almost all the way out and hard back in.
After a few minutes I used the corruption wave on my cocks, fingertips, and tongue. I used my fingertips on her nipples. Her orgasms came like machine gun fire. As hard as I tried I could never get her to a continuous orgasm. Her climaxes kept coming faster and faster and growing in intensity. She eventually flipped me on my back and started riding me sensuously with every move of her body arousing me further. Her breasts were bouncing and swaying. Her thighs flexing in their silk casing. Her smooth flat belly moving back and forth. She had her arms over her head running her fingers through her long hair.
Just the sight of her was driving me closer and closer to my climax. I felt something enter my ass and probe my prostrate. It dawned on me she had grown a tail and was using it. Her shape was changing just slightly. She had grown horns and fangs. I instinctively knew she was losing control and would unfurl her massive wings next. I felt Nicole's endurance fading and channeled all my energy into a corruption blast with my cum. When I let it and my cum shoot into her I gave her an orgasm to beggar all the other ones. Her scream was like music and her eyes glowed a brilliant red. She collapsed on me panting and moaning. Nicole had done it and was sleeping peacefully in her room. Mom's bedroom was back to normal. I imagine she lost control of the illusion during her orgasms. She licked my chest.
"You're sweaty and salty. I like it."
I kissed one of her horns. "Mmmmm. Geran, that was wonderful and Nicole outdid herself. The two of you have given me the most precious gift I know of. I think I will save some of your essence and give you a daughter one day. She will be the most pure expression of our emotions to each other since you were born. That sounded really corny, didn't it?"
"Some, yes." I laughed. "Mom, please don't go back into a shell. We love and need you. As a mother, mentor, friend, and incredible lover."
She pulled my hand to her breast. "That orgasm thing you did. You should be careful with it. It could become VERY powerful, VERY quickly. It has an infectious quality as well."
"I don't understand."
"The females, well, even the males, once they've experienced it change a little and become more receptive to it. They will also become more loyal. It's the beginning of your sex slave harem, but you and I need to determine what else it does. We need it to give them some sort of power or powers. They also can't be so infatuated with you they can't think or function.
"All that aside, it is a wonderful ability and it gave me the best orgasms of my long life. Thank you for sharing it. You are an amazing lover and we need to figure out a way to do this more often without exhausting your sister."
She slid off me and stood. I gazed at her thighs as my cum oozed out of her and ran down them, wetting and darkening her stockings. She stayed like that with her legs spread a little wider than normal allowing me to soak up the erotic vision. After the flow of cum had slowed she lifted her right foot on the bed. "Take off this stocking and keep it as a souvenir. I'm keeping the other one." I caressed her leg lovingly while I removed it putting my nose next to her pussy to inhale our combined scent. After it was off, she kissed me gently. "Get some sleep. We have a lot of work ahead of us." And she left.
I went to our room and found an exhausted Nicole sleeping deeply. I snuggled her into my arms and drifted off as well.
Undisclosed Location:
"Did you see? Did you? Did I imagine it? DID YOU SEE?" The hissing was reaching fever pitch.
The second calmly replied. "We saw it. It was a most interesting and VERY unexpected development. No one could have foreseen THAT outcome. To think it all revolved around HER letting HER guard down. SHE was right all along. Loving those two was, IS a definite liability and opened the most remarkable attack for us. We might be able to eliminate both whelps of her hell-spawned litter in one stroke, and SHE caused it to happen. It is most amusing. All the precautions SHE took to avoid harming the son and it never occurred to her, or any of us, that SHE could harm the daughter instead."
The first hissed hatred at the second. "Quit pontificating! SHE infected the daughter and we have an opportunity of an eon!"
"That is very true. We must be patient and allow the infection to manifest normally, or abnormally as the case may be. With her nature, environment, genetics, and her brother it should manifest fairly quickly. I would estimate two weeks maximum. That would put the date right at the full moon. The lunar tugs will be a tremendous asset for us. Fate has dealt us an incredible opportunity. Can we agrees and SWEAR to a blood pact to involve no interference or influence until after the lunar event passes?"
They agreed and it was done. The third entity's laughter echoed through the walls of the dimensions.
To be continued...