My name is Joe—exhibitionist. I want to tell you all about an experience I had during the highpoint of my naked-in-public career, shortly before my arrest, that was exciting and strange.
By strange, I mean that it confused me somewhat, because while I am not gay, it did involve another man.
I think that in retrospect, it was the situation that had me so sexually high, not the fact that another man was involved. While I'm sure the experience would have been much more of a rush had the other participant been a woman—the simple fact is that I, being completely naked in a public place during broad daylight, while being watched by another person, regardless of gender, had me so hot and turned on that I lost all control.
Anyway, this incident is part of a bigger story that I mentioned in a previous post. It was the summer that I drove naked across the country, only donning my shorts when I stopped for gas.
It was about ten in the morning on what was to be a very hot day, in more ways than one. Returning from Nevada, I had entered into Colorado the previous night and stayed at a cheap motel just outside of Grand Junction. The motel sat right on the street in a smallish town and I had toyed with the idea of venturing out nude at night, but in the end I was too tired from driving and chose to sleep instead. In the morning, the idea just wouldn't leave me alone however, and I had to try it.
At about seven a.m. I peeked out the door and saw that the street was still relatively quiet. So, slipping on my shorts and shoes, I gathered my stuff from the room and took it to my car, which was parked about fifty feet from the door. After making sure that all of my stuff was clear of the room, I closed and locked the car door and went back to the room to gather my courage and see if I could really go through with it.
Once inside, I had a moment to reevaluate this crazy idea. Judging by the sounds outside, the streets were growing busier. If I was going to do it, it had better be soon. Peering out of the door again, I saw a few cars stopped at the intersection in front of the motel. Looking to my left across the street, I could see that the parking lot of the small strip mall was still pretty empty.
Drawing a deep breath, I dropped my shorts; leaving me naked, save for my shoes. Balling my shorts up in one hand, I stepped out and closed the door in one motion. The room key remained inside. There I was, naked, exposed to the street, with fifty feet of open space to get to my locked car.
I forced myself not to freak out and run, instead, walking slower than normal on purpose to my car. Suddenly, the streets seemed much busier than when I'd first decided to do this. Cars passed by, not twenty feet from me. Reaching my vehicle with my shorts in one hand and my keys in the other, I fumbled to unlock the door, but dropped the keys because I was shaking too much.
Every second was precious now because it was another second that I had be totally nude and risk being caught. Finally, after bending over to retrieve the keys, I managed to unlock the door and get in.
I didn't know how many people might have seen me and I didn't want to hang around to find out. So after starting the engine, I put it in gear and got the hell out of there.
Back on the freeway, after an hour or so, I was relaxed again, reliving the experience in my mind, and once again, the obsession was knocking.
I had stopped to put my shorts on in the car, before getting on the freeway because I was kinda freaked out and didn't want to suddenly be pulled over in the nude.
Driving on, I saw the rest stop sign and decided to check it out.
The rest stop was really a long, curved, stretch of road, nestled between the based of a mountain one the right, and a river on the left, which ran through a ravine about ten feet below the road. While the road was pretty secluded from the freeway by trees and brush, there were open spots where a person could be seen from it.
Parking my car at the edge of the road, I left about three feet of space between the passenger side and the base of the mountain, and got out, still wearing my shorts and shoes. I had to pee, so I figured I had the perfect excuse.
I went around the front of the car and stood between it and the mountain, effectively shielding myself from view.
I was parked about at the mid-point from where the road began at the entrance to the rest stop to where it reentered the freeway. I could see both directions and figured that I would spot anyone before they spotted me. Like I said, that's what I figured, but sometimes we figure wrong.
After relieving myself, I still saw no signs of life and, feeling safe, I dropped my shorts and stepped out of them, placing them on top of the tire on the passenger's side. This time, I also removed my shoes and left them on the ground next to the wheel. The raw ground felt good beneath my bare feet and I felt so totally naked.
I love going barefoot naked because it feels so much more totally nude than wearing shoes.
But the ever-present possibility of having to run or get away makes it impractical for the most part.
This time however, I wanted to feel the ground beneath me, and as I stepped out cautiously from my hiding place, my bare feet on the paved road reminded of my nakedness with each step.
Twisting my head around, I tried to see in all directions at once, I strained to hear anything and everything. There was traffic noise coming from the freeway, and I realized that if I got too far from my car, someone could drive up and I would be left with nowhere to hide...which is exactly what happened.
Padding along, totally nude, I got bolder and bolder, and my cock grew with the excitement of it.
There was always that part of my mind that screamed at me about how crazy I was being, but unfortunately, it was at war with my body screaming right back about how delicious it felt to be stark naked in public.
Walking along, with a full hard-on, now way too far from my car, I reached down to stroke a bit, and lost in my reverie, I never heard the car approaching from behind me.
Suddenly, on my left, a small, brown car drove slowly past. My heart stopped in my chest, as for a moment, the car stopped, a few feet in front of me and I stood, totally nude, my hand still grasping my cock, as the driver, a young man, stared at me from his rearview.
In total and utter shock, I was at a complete loss as we locked eyes in his mirror. I don't know how long I stood there. It probably wasn't anymore than a few seconds, but it felt like forever.
Coming to my sense, I turned around and started back to my car, trying to hurry, not daring to look back. I couldn't hurry too much because the scattered pebbles on the road bit into my tender feet. I was a good football field from my car and I cursed myself for being so stupid.
Before I reached my car, I did a quick glance over my shoulder and saw that the guy had driven off. Breathing a sigh of relief, I grabbed my shorts and shoes and got in, still naked. My heart was thumping, pounding in my chest and ears, and strangely enough, I was more excited than I had ever been, while at the same time, being scared to death.
I sat awhile, waiting to see if the guy would come back, before I risked driving off. I still hadn't put my clothes on though, because even though I had just had the shock of my life, I wanted to stay naked.
My cock was as hard as iron, and I couldn't help stroking it as I pulled away and drove slowly down the road towards the freeway.
As I rounded the slight bend towards the end of the road, I saw the guy's car, parked on the left side near a clump of bushes. Intending to drive right on by, what I saw next made me stop.
Passing his car, I saw him, standing inside the clump of brush, with his cock out of his pants stroking it. We locked eyes again as I stopped my car and I sat for a moment, watching. My own cock was still hard as hell and I stroked it beneath the steering wheel as I watched him.
Like I said before, I'm not gay, but the situation was too much for me.
I think that's why I did what I did next.
Turning off my engine, I watched him, masturbating there in the relative open. While hidden partially by the bushes, his back was visible from the freeway.
Opening my door, I got out and walked into the middle of the road. From where I stood, I was totally exposed to the freeway and visible to anyone driving past.
We stood about twenty feet apart, him fully clothed, stroking his cock in the bushes and me, totally, barefoot naked, in the middle of the road, exposed to everyone. I began stroking right along with him, and we watched each other, in silence.
It didn't take long, and we both came about the same time. I spurted huge gobs all over the ground because I was so excited, and he came on the front of his pants leg.
When it was done, I jumped back into my car, started the engine, and hauled ass. I hoped he didn't follow me, because I didn't want anymore to do with him.
Luckily, he didn't.
I drove on for a while until I found another rest stop where I could pull over and put my shorts and shoes back on.
That incident stayed with me for quite some time and made me wonder.
While I wouldn't want to relive it today, it is still one of the most exciting and crazy experiences in exhibitionism that I have ever had.
Thanks for letting me share.
I'm Joe, exhibitionist.