Pulling into her driveway Kathy's mind whirred and buzzed. She glanced at the clock before she shut down the engine, acknowledging that she had barely an hour before her kids would be home from school. She reached into the back seat, snatched up her coat and tossed it over her shoulders as she stepped from the car. Hurrying into her home she put the coat back into the closet and rushed upstairs to the window in her bedroom. She stood there, staring at Matt's window as she pushed her skirt down, he wasn't there but she was aroused beyond belief and all she could do was hope that he would appear but regardless, at this point, she couldn't stop herself. Her right hand ran between her legs, finding her clit and rolling her fingers around it. She closed her eyes and moaned, feeling a climax building but seeking to hold it, to let it build even further. She wanted an explosion of an orgasm and it was tantalisingly close.
When she opened her eyes she found Matt at his window, watching intently. The thrill of it raced all through her like electricity and she gasped in pleasure. When Matt grasped his hard cock Kathy chewed at her lower lip and increased the work on her clit. She turned slowly before bending at the waist and displaying her plugged ass. Looking over her left shoulder at Matt she saw the pace of his stroking increase and she intensified the work on her clit. Her knees trembled and she groaned loudly as her orgasm arrived with a deep shudder.
Fifteen minutes later she had closed the bedroom curtains, quickly showered and was on her way downstairs to return to her role as Kathy, wife and mother. It was becoming difficult to maintain both versions of Kathy and there was little doubt that Kathy the exhibitionist was becoming the dominant version. There were fewer and fewer times when her mind was not swirling with thoughts of displaying herself, the deep and intense thrill that it gave her. She was in a near constant state of arousal and all that she wanted was more. So, the juggling of her personas would have to continue.
When Ryan arrived home and mentioned that he'd just been chatting with Matt, Kathy's gut clenched. It did not matter how many times she told herself that Matt couldn't talk about what they had been doing any more than she could, the fear of a stray wrong word or an unlikely admission was still strong. So when Ryan told her that he had invited Matt and Olivia over on the upcoming Friday evening Kathy had a moment of sheer panic but contained it and agreed with her husband that it should have happened before now. It left her with two days to prepare, to conquer her dread.
Friday rolled up quicker than Kathy would have liked and she was on edge all day long. She had been distracted at work and once home had set about occupying herself cleaning. It was not something she would normally have done, at least not in any meaningful way. She would never have anyone coming to her home and not made sure her home was neat and tidy but she was not obsessive about making every detail perfect. She lived in a house, not a showroom. Pretentiousness was not something she indulged in. But today, she needed something to occupy and distract her.
Ryan arrived home and she knew that it would not be long before there would be a knock at the door. When it happened, Kathy flinched and took several deep breaths on her way to welcome her guests. Swinging the door wide she plastered a friendly smile on her face. "Hi!' said Kathy in a voice an octave higher than normal.
Olivia smiled widely "Hi Kathy" Then leaned towards her and planted an air kiss beside her left ear. Kathy then turned her attention to Matt as he leaned close and planted a soft kiss on her cheek. Her hand rested on his strong arm and any illusions Kathy had had about comfortably keeping her cool and playing wife and mother tonight were instantly dismissed. She stepped back "Please, come in"
Kathy led her guests through the house and out to the wide deck at the rear where Ryan was cleaning the barbeque. After further greetings the two couples sat at the table with drinks, exchanging small talk. Kathy engaged in the mundane chat but she struggled to maintain the pantomime, her eyes drifting to Matt's strong arms and her mind constantly flashing her images of Matt watching her, stroking his hard cock, spraying the window with his cum. She felt flushed and as a result, drank far more alcohol than she regularly would. When Ryan began cooking on the barbeque Kathy was alone with Olivia and Matt. The conversation had settled on work and Olivia complained that she was working too many hours. She made a couple of pointed comments that Matt wasn't working half as much as her and Kathy sensed a little tension on the issue.
"We're pretty much the opposite in our place" said Kathy
Olivia nodded "I'll have to get you to keep an eye on Matt, see what he gets up to"
Olivia laughed loudly and Kathy joined her. Kathy's eyes met Matt's as she said "I'm not really the kind to be watching but if you think it's necessary..." and the three of them all laughed again. Matt turned to Olivia "You know I don't do much except get on the rowing machine but I tell you, I've seen Kathy... " he paused, took a cheeky sidelong glance Kathy's way before he continued "... and she's amazing. Always up to something. I doubt she's got time to be watching me" Kathy looked to Olivia, who poured more wine down her throat before giving Kathy a wink then looking at Matt "I'm sure you can watch Kathy working all day long, hopefully, she'll inspire you one day"
Kathy gulped the last of her wine down and stood, fairly unsteadily. She walked inside and fetched another bottle of wine from the refrigerator. From where she stood at the kitchen counter she could see only Matt and as she looked at him he glanced her way. Whether it was the wine, Matt's dangerous conversation or her increasing inability to control Exhibitionist Kathy, she stepped back from the bench and hitched the front of her skirt up. It was only for a moment and obviously, Matt could not show her any sort of reaction but she felt that familiar thrill. Kathy grabbed the bottle of wine and made her way back to the deck. Maybe this could still be a lot of fun