Our next door neighbor used to share baby-sitting duties with us when both our kids were in school. Both sets of kids were in elementary school and our work schedules were such that one of the four of us would be home one day after school. So, we'd take turned minding the kids until the other adults got home.
One day I arrived home about half hour after the kids were due home, so I wandered over to the neighbors to pick up the kids. I get there and she was watching TV in her bathrobe. While she's completely covered, I suspect she's not wearing anything underneath. "Are the kids here? I came to get them out of your hair."
"Oh, no," she replied. "They had a field trip today and so my husband will be picking them all up downtown in about an hour to bring them home."
"Oh, wow, must have missed that memo. Ok, thanks."
"Relaxing with the day off?" I asked peering into the house to catch a glimpse at what she might be up to. Then I noticed a couple frozen on the TV, in a fornicating position.
"Just watching some TV." She paused for a moment then continued, "Do you want to join me?"
Knowing what she was watching and now suspecting she had nothing on under the robe, I was hesitant. But my curiosity got the best of me. "Sure!" and I stepped into the house.
"It's an adult film," she began. "I hope that doesn't offend you."
"No, but I've not seen many of them."
We sat down on opposite sides of the sofa and she took off the pause. The scene was pretty graphic but short lived. There was some bad dialog and then another sex scene. By this point I could feel an erection growing, and I started to squirm.
"Would you mind," the neighbor hesitated, "if I... well, relieved some pressure?"
"You mean masturbating? I was thinking the same thing only didn't know how to say it."
"Whew, I was hoping you wouldn't mind." With that note she slid open her robe and started slowly stroking her crotch. I looked over out of the corner of my eye, but was unable to see anything. She wasn't being coy, but was discrete.
I couldn't be so... I unzipped my jeans and pulled out my cock. After only a few strokes, I realized I wasn't getting enough access, so I stood up and let my jeans and underpants fall to the floor. "I hope you don't mind if I get comfortable."
"No," she said with a slight catch in her voice, "go ahead. That's what these videos are for."
I stroked my cock was watching the film occasionally looking over to see how my neighbor was doing. After a while it became obvious she was no longer watching the film and just watching me. She was also being less discrete; her robe was completely open, her dark brown bush on full display with two to three fingers sliding into her vagina.
I stopped watching the film. "I'm going to cum." I said feeling a heavy load rising to the top.
"Oh wait," and she got up off the sofa and walked over. "Stand up." We stood facing each other my cock in my hand and her robe completely open, "Cum on my hand, on my pubic hair."
That was all it took. I let go the first load as it shot up between her breasts. The next one was a bit more accurate, landing just over her hand onto her bush and the third hit her hand directly. She started to spasm with an orgasm of her own. Then she fell to her knees and she sucked the rest of what I had left into her mouth.
She collapsed onto the floor her head between my thighs. I sat back down, my head rocked back onto the sofa as we laid there for a good 10 mins. Finally the neighbor said, "You'd probably better get home in case the field trip ended early."
So, I got dressed and went home. Can't wait until the next field trip.