I wasn't feeling very good one morning, and after my shower I decided that I should lay down for a little while. I fell asleep, and I did feel much better after an hour or so. I was barely awake, laying there in just my boxers, trying to decide if I wanted to get up yet. And then I heard the front door open and then close.
Shit. I had forgotten that my mother-in-law was coming over this morning to do some spring cleaning. My wife had told me the night before, but I forgot. However, I decided to have a little fun with her. My boxers were loose enough that my cock and balls would hang out the leg hole if I positioned it just right. I moved my cock so that the tip was showing out of the leg, and then I laid my arm over my face so that it looked like I was asleep. My eyes were barely open so that I could see the doorway a little bit. If she came into our room (and I was sure that she would), she would easily see my cock.
My mother-in-law is not a raving beauty, but she is classically beautiful. She's 60-something, about 5-8, maybe 140 pounds, gray hair and blue eyes. But she has huge tits, much bigger than you would think for a woman her size. I'm guessing 36DD. More than a handful.
It took her a few minutes to finally come upstairs. I have no idea why, because I knew that she was going to clean out closets to take old clothes to Goodwill. But she was probably going through our mail to see if she could find something interesting. She does that.
I'm in my early 40s, pretty well-built, I guess. 6-2, 190, gray hair and blue eyes. I keep trim and fit, and I'll admit to getting a few looks from women now and then. But I've been faithful to my wife over the years. I have no idea why I wanted to show my cock to Nancy, but I was too far gone now to change my mind.
She was talking to me as she walked into the room, but stopped suddenly when she saw that I was "asleep". I could see her looking at me, but she didn't seem to respond to seeing my cock. She wasn't gasping for breath, but she wasn't walking away, either. I assumed that she saw it and was trying to figure out what to do about me.
Suddenly, she turned and left the room. I was a bit surprised at how quickly she left after standing there for maybe 30 seconds, but it was a quick turn and she almost ran out of the room.
Now I had a dilemma. Do I continue to pretend to sleep, or do I get up and go talk to her? I decided to keep sleeping, at least for a couple of minutes. I was actually a little embarrassed that I had done this, and I was trying to think of a way to get out of it gracefully. If she told my wife, there would be hell to pay.
Just as I was starting to worry and had almost decided to get up, I saw her come back in, but this time she was very slow and quiet.
"Steve? Are you awake?" I didn't respond. She moved closer to the bed, almost sneaking up to me. I was dying to know what she had in mind.
It didn't take long to find out, though. After a little hesitation, she reached out and put her hand on my thigh, just below my cock. Her hand was cool, and I almost jumped at the feeling, but I held it together.
It took everything I had to lie still and stay in that position. Her hand slid up, slowly but deliberately until she had my cock in reach. She touched it with just a finger, and my cock twitched in response. I couldn't help it. I was stunned that she had done that. But she didn't stop there. She rubbed my cock with her fingers, moving it around, watching it grow.
And it was growing. I had no control at this point. As I stiffened, she took it in her hand and I swear that I heard her moan. She stroked up and down the length and I was quickly getting to full staff. Her touch was so good, and she seemed to be enjoying the feel of my manhood.
Then I heard her say something under her breath. "God, it's better than I dreamed of." I about lost it. She had fantasized about me!
I moved then, like I was shifting in my sleep, and she jumped away quickly. But I did my best to keep up the appearance of sleep, and she quickly calmed back down and reached out again. She took my cock in her hand and was stroking my full length. If she kept it up, she was going to make me cum!
I decided it was time to see what happened next. I moved my arm away from my face and said slowly, "Um, that's a nice way to wake up baby." And then I opened my eyes and saw Nancy, and she saw me, and she jumped and flew out of the room! I never imagined she could move so fast!
I stayed there for a little while, maybe a minute, and then I called out, "Nancy? Are you still here?"
No response. I tried again. "Nancy, I know you can hear me. Come back and let's talk. It's ok." Nothing.
Finally, she came around the corner, and she looked like she had been crying. "Nancy, what's wrong? It's ok, really!" I stood up and pulled her into my arms. My cock had softened in the meantime, so it wasn't going to poke her.
She melted into my arms and was sobbing. "I can't believe I just did that! I've never done anything like that before! What you must think of me!"
God, she felt good in my arms. I rubbed gently over her back and held her close. Her tits were crushed against me and they felt so nice. I wanted to grab them, but it wasn't time. She needed to be reassured. I kept whispering gently in her ear and rubbing her back.
"I'm not mad, and I won't tell anyone. Your secret is safe. Relax. I love you, Nancy. It will be ok, I promise."
Soon, the crying stopped and she pulled away from me, and I reluctantly let her go. She smiled and said, "I need to go freshen up. I must look terrible!"
But she didn't. Yeah, her makeup was not perfect, but the woman was stunning. She was wearing jeans and an untucked t-shirt, but they accentuated her curves so well. Fuck, her body was hot. I just never really noticed. Yeah, she has big tits but her whole body was in great shape. I wanted her, more than I realized. I said, "You look amazing. Don't worry about it." But she didn't hear me, and she went to the restroom. She was in there for a few minutes, and I sat down on the bed and waited.
Now I'm still wearing just boxers, and my cock is hanging down my leg. It was still obvious when I was sitting there, but I wasn't paying attention to it at that moment. I was concerned about Nancy. She was blaming herself, but I had put her in that position. I was feeling pretty shitty. I honestly expected her to see me and scream and run away, but her reaction was entirely different.
When she returned, she looked at me, sheepishly. "Steve, I'm so sorry. I have no idea what came over me. Will you ever forgive me?" She was going to start crying again.
I stood up quickly and moved over to her. I pulled her into my arms and held her close. I laid her head on my shoulder and kissed her hair. "There's nothing to forgive. I love you, Nancy. Everything is just fine." I kissed her hair again, then kissed her cheek.
And she melted into me. I just held her close and kissed her cheek and then her neck. She was tight against me, and she felt so good. My hands moved from her back to her waist. I kept kissing her and whispering to her.
At some point, I stopped comforting her and started making out with her. It wasn't intentional, but my kisses were clearly having an effect on her. She was moaning and holding me tight. I couldn't have gotten away if I wanted to. But I didn't want to.
She moaned, and I realized that she was grinding her hips against mine, and my cock was stiffening in response. I pulled my lips away from her neck and pulled her lips to mine. We nearly swallowed each other. The kissing was mad, passionate, wild, and impulsive. We didn't care about consequences or who might be hurt - we just wanted to fuck. I know I did, and Nancy wanted to as well.
She reached down and grabbed my raging cock, squeezing it and rubbing it. "I want you to fuck me hard, Steve. Take this fuck rod and bury it deep in my pussy!" And then she kissed me deeply again.
I pulled back for a moment so that I could pull her shirt over her head. She looked a little shocked all of a sudden, and pulled back, covering her arms over her chest.
"Steve! No! I'm sorry, but no!" And she ran out of the room. I followed her down the stairs, and she grabbed her purse and ran out of the house.
Well fuck.