Dakota McKellen was still brooding while in Roger Dundee's Science class. Masking her opened cleavage when he looked her way was easy enough to do, she had managed it most of the day. In her clouded thoughts however she tended to lapse in her judgment and sit back lost to the world. In those lengthy moments boys and girls in her class noticed and thrilled at her brazen act. Some of the boys around her had been in attendance outside to see Dakota's mother in her wet- t-shirt exhibition alongside Piper Cherry. While tempted to discuss the events all of them found it better to keep things quiet and unrelated. None of them wanted to create problems and risk losing out on future such shows. The thing that nagged most of them was Dakota herself. Was she a part of her Mother's new persona? Was this just Dakota's own way of evolving into what she herself wanted? For now they were content to witness the beautiful side glimpses at Dakota's breasts, boners all around her easy enough to see.
While Roger Dundee taught his class the dynamics of Gravity he wandered the room sharing his knowledge. At one point spotting Dakota's opened shirt he paused and acted as if he forgot where he was going with his lesson. Turning away he left her be, he was a man, he wanted to keep that shirt open as long as possible too. Of course, that meant he might need to head back to his desk and sit down just to avoid his own gravitational stimulations. For the time being he continued to prowl. Within his class it seemed more female students than male dominated his curriculum choice. That loosened his libido, being a stud all his life he rather enjoyed being the center of attention himself, so what Dakota was doing was certainly relatable.
One thing he noticed in making his rounds was that the boys were glued to Dakota, the girls glued to Roger himself. With teams divided he seemed to prefer not hiding behind his desk for safety. A huge swell in his slacks having already been bolstered thinking of Piper Cherry, earlier resting in his lap managed to keep him well endowed. One show off to another he thought.
Going so far as to ask questions of his class about gravity he picked and chose all girls to keep their focus primarily on him. Ignoring the young men of his class to give them time to ogle Dakota he played the field. Stepping to certain young ladies he himself found appealing, mainly cheerleaders whom he knew had reputations as it was, he hovered next to each one that was forced to answer a question. Just observing their eyes and expression he knew they were amazed by his erection. Even he could have a bit of fun.
While Roger made his rounds a number of boys just had to seek mischief. Secret notes being passed to Dakota was becoming an unexpected treat for her. Reading one said note it said, "I think I'm in love with you." She grinned and looked to the boy to her right and blushed. Another note from her left side said, "You are so much hotter than your Mom." That made her bulge her eyes. Having stressed over her mother getting so much attention over the years she found that particular note refreshing. It made her sit up straight and toy with her shirt collar. A third note swoops in reading, "Show us your tits." That one made her edgy, still a virgin and rather awkward around boys as it was it took every bit of courage just to keep her shirt unbuttoned. Showing them off in a narrow gap was hardly flashing in her mind. Maybe she was going too far she panicked. Gripping her shirt she closed it tightly and peered around. There were so many boys looking disappointed it made her uneasy. Did they really want to see her that badly?
"Dakota?" Mister Dundee called out, "Can you define gravity?" He kept it simple.
"Ummm? Things go up they must come...down?"
"Isaac Newton. Good. Go on..."
"Gravity is the force that attracts a body toward the center of the earth, or toward any other physical body having mass."
"I got mass." A boy chuckled tugging at his jeans waist, and patting his oversized belly, "Thanks Dakota." It was a huge African American jock named Calvin that found it funny.
"Don't you mean mess not mass?" Another jested.
"I'm attracted to..."
"That's enough." Roger saved her from verbal abuse. She sank in her chair releasing her shirt to fan open a bit again. Roger looking directly at her merely smiled, "Well done! Don't let your critics weigh you down."
"Okay!" She mumbled. "Was that another gravity joke?"
"How is that fair? She's increasing the gravity field around her." A boy challenged.
"How is that Jerome?"
"Everyone in this room is rising like the sun."
"Revolving around her." Calvin chuckled, "All good Dakota."
"Calm down people. Let's change the topic and discuss Einstein's theory of relativity as it applies to gravity. Care to try that one Miss McKellen?"
" Sure! Einstein's general theory of relativity was the first to treat gravity as a distortion of space-time, the "fabric" that physically embodies the universe."
"That fabric you're wearing sure physically embodies my universe." Jerry Newell chuckles behind her.
"Punyverse." Linda Gaines uses her fingers to share his penis size as an inch tops. Laughter rang through the class making Dakota giggle extra hard, her titties dancing uncontrollable as she sits back. Silence stared straight at her. In her slouch her shirt fanned far wider than she predicted offering a much more thrilling visual. Noticing their eyes she lowers her chin to see her 34B's like tiny mountains.
"Oops!" She sits up straight beet red and hides her laughter.
"Alright you goofballs, zip it." Roger chuckled.
"Just don't button it." Calvin had to blurt out.
Roger rolled his eyes and patted Dakota on the shoulder to let her know it was time to close up shop. She buttoned three buttons but left the rest open. As soon as the bell rang she unbuttoned them again and followed the class out of the room. She did keep the notes, not about science though.
********
Piper Cherry wandered the school still avoiding Carl Manley's office. Heading to the gym she watched Roman Crandell monitoring a series of laps with whistle to his lips. Seeing him share half court with Ruth Dunbar the girls athletic coach Piper made the journey to her side. Waving at Sable McKellen playing volleyball on her half of the court with other girls, the girl brightened up to her demise. The volleyball hit her right in the back making other girls bust up laughing. Luckily Sable was in a good mood and overlooked her dilemma.
"That's enough Vixen's." Ruth's pet name for her girls throughout the years. "Keep your eyes on the ball McKellen."
"NOT ME!" Piper yelled back, "That's their job." A point toward the boys side of the court made a few of the circling rodents trip over their feet to gander at sexy Piper Cherry. Even Coach Crandell had to laugh.
"Are you sure you're a Counsellor?" Ruth shook her head.
"First time for everything Ruth. I would have brought my whistle that you gave me but Carl locked me out of my office and made me mingle. No shoes even, the slave driver."
"Sounds about right. What can I do for you Miss Cherry?"
"Robin mentioned earlier that there was a scheduled cheerleading practice. I was unaware it was starting on my first day."
"I heard. Robin gave me the head's up. My fault I suppose. I guess I wanted to wait and see if you actually showed up your first day."
"You doubted my sincerity?"
"Not your sincerity, your approach. Look at yourself woman, you dress like a street walker."
"Well, I do cross a street when I come to it. Bridges too. What I wear doesn't have any bearing on my abilities to teach or counsel. Carl doesn't seem to object so far."
"Of course he doesn't. You ever think he's testing you?"
"Flying colors I say. He used to be a drill instructor right? Red, white, and blue that's me. I love when men salute me."
"Uh huh! I saw how you did somersaults last Friday. You're pretty limber."
"Very! I won't go into detail."
"Good I don't wanna know. This year is my last tour of duty, whoever Carl and the board appoint as gym teacher after I'm gone is on them. I figure after seeing you cartwheeling like a pro you might as well take on the responsibility. Word of advice?"
"Absolutely I'm all ears."
"Don't wear dresses like that when you're working with the girls. You lost your shit if my eyes were working properly. Underwear or not it's a bad influence. Looking at you right now?"
"Advice taken. No offense Ruth but I'll instruct how I want. The Swallow Girls are in good hands."
"Yeah I know." She growls, "I get embarrassed every time I hear the team name too."
"Not very threatening to the opposing team for sure. By the way what is Horton-Dexter's record?"
"1 in 4 this year. Angus Furlong saved the day against Marietta Deville."
"Marietta Deville? It sounds like Horton-Dexter played against a New Orleans brothel."
"Close enough. Marietta has one hell of a rep."
"Anyone say Ref?" Roman stepped up.
"Clean your ears out Crandell." Ruth grimaced, "This is lady talk, you just go push your cock flock and leave us to it."
"Yeah Roman, get the flock out of here. Bitches talkin'."
"Excuse me?" Ruth poised a brow as Roman rolled his eyes and turned tail. Ruth chuckled, "Got that right. I'm old but I know I'm a bitch."
"Glad you and I have something in common, besides cheerleading."
"Moves like yours you must have background."
"I do. Professional even. Can you keep a secret?"
"This close to my grave? Why not."
"Atlanta Falcon's three full seasons."
"No wonder you dress like a floosy."
"Awww! That's so sweet of you. Okay, what do I need to know about the girls?"
"None of them are virgins." Ruth chuckles, "Blame the jock straps."
"Well, sad to say we both know how young students in High School start. No amount of upbringing prevents curiosity. Trust me you may not see it in me now but I was raised in a very tight grip. My parents are very wealthy, influential people, with that comes expectations. I did my best but even I slipped at a young age."
"What do your parents do?"
"Still keep a secret?"
"Better than these kids do."
"Oh?" Piper instantly worried that what she instigated out by the fountain earlier had already spread to the faculty.
"Just saying. Haven't heard anything, not even a peep about you losing your dress Friday after somersaulting. I saw it like a couple dozen students, yet not a peep. In your favor I guess."
"You didn't report it to Carl or the board?"
"Naaaa! While I strongly advise against being too open it's your life Counsellor. Just...be careful."
"Thank you Ruth." She smiles warmly, "May I?" A hug suggested Ruth frowns but accepts her gesture. "Can I miss you already?"
"As long as you don't start writing my eulogy."
"Long live Queen Ruth."
"Damn right Floosy."
"Fill me in about the girls. Robin is lead correct?"
"Bossy bitch but worth the rank. She keeps the little sluts in line. I'm not even going to apologize for my name calling, it's a known fact. Anyways, Tina Wiles, her secondary if Robin should get sick is our second best gymnast. That's her over there playing volleyball, the Hooters girl in training."
"Chesty! She can serve me more than a volleyball." Piper chuckled, "My table that is. She reminds me of Selena Gomez now that I look at her."
"Your tab. Whoever that Gomez girl is I hope she keeps her pants on better than Tina."
"Bieber's Beaver? Doubtful." Piper laughed, "Don't ask they broke up anyway."
"Let's see here. Octavia Kinner to Tina's left is the loudest of the cheering section. Lungs from hell." Ruth points out an extremely busty black girl that was stunning in a Rihanna kind of way.
"Bigger than Tina's? Yep, way bigger."
"Vocal cords. Get your brain out of your assets Cherry."
"Sorry! Hard to miss. Nice...Octave Octavia."
"Pretty good singer actually. She does YouTube videos."
"I'll look her up. What else?"
"Their pyramid's get rocky. They're a strong bunch of gals but once it reaches the top they can't support anymore weight. We really need a lighter girl to pardon the pun...cherry on top."
"I have just the girl." Piper winked and pointed at a certain volleyball target swaying her hips ready to bolt for the ball.
"Sable McKellen? I heard you wanted to induct her into the squad. You do realize she's clumsy as all get out right?"
"I can work on that. Sable's probably a 100 pounds wet like her sister."
"Maybe Dakota is your best bet. She's not clumsy."
"No. I want Sable to find a confidence that she's missing. Like I said just let me worry about her."
"Personally I think she just feels out of place in the world. Wearing braces doesn't help her self esteem."
"If I remember correctly Josie said those come out here soon, next week I think. Maybe she will toughen up once people start complimenting her."
"Maybe! All yours Counsellor. You seem to know what you're doing."
"I believe in myself."
"You never finished telling me what your parents do. Our secret."
"Ever hear of Lane Cherry?"
"Sounds familiar."
"Senator Lane Cherry, help any?"
"Georgia?"
"Puts the peach in impeach." She chuckles, "Got trumped."
"Drum roll please." Ruth laughed. "Wow! That's impressive. Hold up...that means you were..." Ruth bites her tongue but stares with concern.
"Married to a cold blooded killer? It does. We're no longer married. It's why I relocated to Nashville, to get away from the bad memories. I know it sounds terrible Ruth, but I saw Davon as a good man up until his admission of guilt. I never ever knew his dark side. He treated me well, was incredible in bed, and spoiled me rotten. That's why I named the puppy he gave me Rotten too."
"That's your life Counsellor. I...have faith in you."
"Thank you Ruth." Piper pouts with respect, "That mean's more than you know." Another hug this one not requested makes Ruth smile. A brisk rub to Piper's back finalized a friendship. "So, I guess tomorrow is going to be a long day. Carl stuck me with 4:00 Detentions too. I guess that was before you passing the whistle my way."
"I usually meet with the squad at 4:00. It's totally up to you how you prioritize. The girls will work with your schedule I'm sure. They're all Daddy's girls so none of them work part time jobs."
"Is there a free period...darn...they all have classes that won't coincide with one another I'm sure." Piper fidgets her lips from side to side, "I'll figure it out. I'll let you go Ruth, I just wanted to touch base."
Rubbing Ruth on the shoulder a bit Piper stepped away, moving across the sidelines toward Coach Roman Crandell leaning on a wall bored watching his boys tire out.
"What's up Big Wick?"
"Big Wick! You're hilarious. Pretty insane you walking in on me and Josie earlier. Love your easy going attitude."
"I can see what Josie sees in you. In her for that matter." She slyly pats his dick. He chuckled and glanced around for peepers. Luckily they were all eying her ass more than her hand.
"Jealous?"
"Nope! Just giving you a harder time." She flips her tongue out at him, "I love my girl, I won't step on her toes. Besides, I have my eyes on a certain Science guy."
"Oh yeah? Bill Nye available?"
"Noooo! Handsome Roger."
"Dundee? Every girl in this school makes googly eyes his way. Take a number."
"Ah, Roman, you underestimate my ability to cut in line." Playfully she tugs her dress cleavage down for him to peruse with a grin. "See? This line," A casual hint at her cleavage...then slyly lifts her skirt up in back to show off a short glimpse of her lower ass, "...and this line. They get me through every time." A pivot in step she hikes her skirt up to share in her butt cracks lay line even further just to make him cock and eyebrow. Boys seeing her swift routine found a flutter of flirty fingers turned on them. More boys collided with one another exhaustedly. Dropping her skirt she leered over her shoulder, "Make them tow their own line John Wick. Some of them watched me eat my dog earlier." Roman Crandell just shook his head, he had never seen the movie to catch her dog reference.
"Jesus! Hurry up 3:30. I need me some Josie."
Wiggling her fine self away she reached the door to the gymnasium when she found herself swarmed by cheerleaders. Robin leading the way found it in her to abandon the volleyball court with her entourage before Piper could leave. Hugging her from all sides they pelted her with compliments. What got her most was their, "We can't wait to work with you Miss Cherry." She felt honored that they seemed so eager to learn.
"Same here Ladies. I have some really interesting ideas on how best to Swallow." She laughed, "You know what I mean."
"We all swallow." Tina Wiles laughed, "It's who we are."
"So I've heard." Piper wags her tongue giggling. "Listen while I have you guys...girls...here I need to figure out when we can all meet. Principal Manley assigned me Detention duty every day at 4:00 when Ruth normally gets you ladies together. I either need to persuade Carl into appointing someone else as Gatekeeper or we might have to meet after Detention. Long day either way."
"We're flexible." Robin smiled brightly.
"Oooo! I'm counting on that. Cheerleaders must be sexy and know how to rile big crowds. If I have my way our competition is going to fumble a whole lot of balls." They giggled along with her, absorbing her every jest.
"The basketball team dominates the gym at 5:00. We only have that 4 to 5 window in here." Tawny Monroe a cute redhead with short locks barely touching her shoulders spoke up.
"We could meet outside of school." Robin suggested. "Park or something? It's cooler in the evening anyway."
"You know?" Piper nibbles her lip in thought, "We could meet tomorrow evening say 6:30 at my house. We can practice at least the cheering part by my pool. Bring your bikini's if you want." She offered with a friendly gesture. "Shoot! My nephew Mace is staying with me. He'd be all over you girls."
"Is he cute?" Octavia bubbled up.
"Nineteen and evil."
"Just my type." Tina laughs bumping shoulders with Robin.
"I have a large front yard we can do gymnastics in." Piper puckered, "Know what? Let's do it. Sable can...hold on...where's my girl?" Sable McKellen was still on the gym floor just pacing while half the group had abandoned the net. Fingers to her lips Piper whistled a deafening tune of attraction. Everyone including the boys side looked her way. "BRING IT IN McKELLEN."
Sable paused to point at herself processing as to why, even though her heart pounded at the idea Piper suggested she work with Robin Banks on cheering the girls had yet to connect. Holding her breath as she shuffled over to the huddle she said, "You wanted me?"
"No. The boys might, they were staring at your cute butt when you walked over here."
"They did?" Her jaw dropped, the cheering squad giggling at her naivety.
"Right girls?" Piper lifted her brows.
"I saw Corey Samson grab his junk when you headed this way." Octavia smirked.
"Dublin Sweeny too." Tawny added.
"They didn't really. Quit messing with me." Sable pouted.
"Not joking Sable." Tawny added, "I really did see Dublin silent whistle at your behind."
"Stop thinking no one is looking at you, you're beautiful." Piper chimed in moving to put a arm around her. "I want you to give the girls here my address. We're meeting tomorrow at my house. This includes you too Twirlybird."
"Twirlybird?"
"Yep! The girls are gonna get you tumbling like a pro. It's time you defy gravity Sweetie. Isn't that right Swallowers?" The whole bunch agreed trying to make Sable feel welcome. Hearing a gruff shout out of Coach Ruth, Piper grit her teeth, "Go jiggle." The girls all raced back to the net to resume gym class. Sable felt extremely nervous but happy all the same.
Tina Wiles eased over to Sable with a question. "Is her nephew cute?"
"OHHHHHHH MY GOD!" Sable fanned herself. Wanting to be one of the guys she broke down with, "Cute and rich. I can show you pictures of him." With the class called to go change out of their uniforms the cheerleaders all horded around Sable at her gym locker where her cell rested. Giddy, Sable pulled up a photo of Mace he sent her as a selfie. Lifting the phone the photo managed to change pictures to the worst possible photo she had of him. His penis.
"HOLY SHIT!" The consensus was equally stunned, "He's huge."
"About 5'7 I think."
"More like 9'2." Tina laughed. Expressing confusion Sable looked at her cell.
"Yikes! That wasn't the pic I intended to show you." She hissed switching pictures back to actually show them the face of Mace Belmont. The same reaction was felt including, "You've seen this guy's dick?"
"I...yes it's insane." She lied. Outside of the pic she really hadn't seen it in reality. Still if it boosted her chances of becoming one of the girls she was all in. Robin snatched her phone from her hand swiping it back to his penis.
"I wish Angus was that size." Tina agreed having been with Robin's boyfriend behind her back numerous times. Another swipe found his moon pic from downtown Nashville. "Ooooo! Cute ass too."
"I know right?" Sable played along.
"EWWWWWWWWWW! Is that Travis Herbert's dick?" Robin swiftly passed it back to Sable. "WILLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSS! I'm scarred for life."
"Why would you have...?" Tawny started to ask as Sable pouted, "Oh!" She left it at that. It was obvious that Sable liked Travis and felt sorry for their mistreating him so. As everyone groaned and set off to change Tawny paused to console Sable. "Overlook those bitches. They have high expectations is all. If you dig Travis...you have my support." Sable timidly smiled and expressed her thanks via eye contact. "Don't forget to give us Piper's address."
"What? Ohhhhh noooo! They'll tell Mace I showed them his pics."
"Too late. He's going to get raped."
"Shoot!"
"I'm sure he will."
"Fuck!"
"Most likely." Tawny patted Sable on the back, then took her leave.
"Why me?"
One minute Sable was high on life, then it all came crashing down.
Weight for it.
BOOM!
"Geez!"