Getting to the Pool Has Its Advantages Chapter 4
Quick recap... I had been caught swimming naked at the gym by Marcy, one of the gym attendants. Recognizing my exhibitionist tendencies, she and another swimmer, Jeanie, paraded me around the gym totally naked, allowed me to be jacked off in front of multiple clothed women, and then sent out to my car, still naked as the day I was born, with a promise that I would be allowed to continue to swim and work out at the gym naked...if I wanted to explore my CFNM fantasies.
Since I was already late for work, I called in sick and drove home to think about what had happened and what I was going to do the next morning. Despite having cum twice already, my morning NIP events and driving home naked soon had me hard as a rock again. On long distances car trips, I often drove naked, but that was usually after I was out of town and on the interstate. In town, the streets were too full for comfort, but I was too horny to want to waste another raging hard on. I slowly stroked my wood as I drove, hoping I didn't wreck or be seen on my way home.
At the gym, I had boldly chucked my only clothes in the trunk, I reasoned that I needed to get rid of my erection so I wouldn't look quite as lewd when I went into the house naked. Fortunately, I did have some McDonalds napkins in the car to catch another ample load of jism from another satisfying climax!
Pulling into the neighborhood, I didn't know what to expect, since I usually went straight to work from the gym. I didn't know my neighbor's routines at 8:00, but because of my newfound enjoyment of being naked in public, I decided to park near the street and put my shorts on, rather than pull into my garage and waste being naked.
Still high from my earlier escapades and the thrill of being seen or caught, I got out of my car, casually closed and locked my door, and walked slowly to the trunk of my car. I purposely leaned in to retrieve some gym shorts from my bag, taking time to unzip, rummage for just the right pair, and then rezip the bag. While I was stepping into my shorts, I heard a wolf whistle, but I couldn't tell where it came from.
Walking barefoot to the house, free balling and shirtless, I soon discovered where the whistle had come from. Standing on the sidewalk, with her hands on her hips, was a good-looking blonde neighbor that I had only recently seen. She was wearing a tight pair of blue volleyball shorts, with the waistband turned down a couple of times, and a matching running bra. She had a runner's body. Probably 5'-8", 115 pounds, small round breasts that probably didn't need a bra to hold them in place. She had a nice tan with toned legs, flat stomach, and an obvious camel toe. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail with it tucked thru the back of the baseball cap she was wearing. She had killer blue eyes and a dazzling smile. Her bronze skin glistened with sweat and her breathing was deep and slow. I had been hoping to meet her, just not quite under these circumstances.
"Walk of shame, this morning, neighbor," the blonde inquired?
"Kinda, sorta," I sheepishly answered.
"Sorry, I couldn't resist whistling at you. It's not often I get that kind of eye candy during my morning run," she replied, kiddingly. "My name is Kelly. I'm your next-door neighbor."
Here I am, standing before a good looking blonde that I've been wanting to meet. I'm barefoot and shirtless, sporting a semi-erect cock wanting out of my gym shorts. If there is a positive to this, is that she checked out my package with a couple of quick glances.
"My name is Andy," I responded. "I'm really sorry for flashing you. You wouldn't believe the morning I've had."
"I'm sure it must be an interesting story," she laughed. "I just finished my run. Why don't you invite me over for a coffee? I'd love to hear it!"
"Sure," I returned. "Let me get some more clothes on and I would be glad to make a fresh pot of coffee. That sounds like just the thing to calm me down from the gym."
"Don't get dressed on my account. You look fine to me," she countered. "I'm still in my workout gear, as well. And as far as 'calming down', please don't bother," as she glanced back down at my package.
Busted! I hadn't bothered putting on any underwear, so my still roaring libido was tenting my shorts. And despite cleaning up in the car, the growing stain over my crotch was reminding me I was still leaking cum from my recent self-pleasuring activity in my car.
"OK," I stammered. "I'm not working today, so morning company would be a pleasant break from my usual routine."
"Lead on, then," she replied. "I hear breakfast calling. If you make the coffee, I'll go and grab some breakfast protein bars and be right over!"
"Sounds healthier than what I had in mind," I replied. "I was just reminded that I need to take better care of myself just this morning!"
"Oh, please," she mockingly scolded! "You look fine to me. Remember, I've seen ALL of you! Very little fat, nice abs, nice butt, nice chest, no tan lines, nice blue eyes, and a wonderful looking hairless, cut cock, and balls, if I can volunteer my first impression," she cooed. "I don't usually get to see the goods before I even know his name."
"OH," I swallowed hard, a little taken back by her boldness. "I like what I see, too, if that's not too forward."
"Even better," she replied. "So, does that mean we can skip breakfast? Seeing how casual you are in your nakedness and then seeing how hard and leaking you are right now has made me horny as hell...even before I hear the whole story!"
As we continued the 40 feet to my house, she casually stroked me on the ass cheek, which did nothing to calm my erection. Then, as I led the way up the stairs, she announced, "You didn't need to bother keeping these shorts on for me. I've already approved of what you look like naked. I want to get a better view of your ass going up the stairs." Catching me off guard, she took hold of my waistband with both hands and jerked them down past my knees, causing me to stumble forward.
"You might as well go ahead and take them off rather than pull them back up," she cooed, and continued to pull on them. Turning over and now sitting on my porch, I obliged and allowed her to pull them all the way off, exposing my manhood to yet another woman! If this were a dream, I'm not sure I could have planned it to take off so quickly.
"I hope I can return the favor," I stated.
From my sitting position, I was eye level with her snatch. I made no effort to hide what I was looking at. The soft outline of her labia lips in her skin tight blue lycra shorts was sporting its own wet spot that needed tending to. Her hard nipples were showing thru the fabric of her sports bra. My obvious head to toe eye appraisal put a big grin on her face and made her blue eyes light up!
"Possibly," she offered flatly.
Making no effort to hide that she was admiring my smooth, hairless erection, she continued, "I just assume this is how you really wanted to be. Truth be told, my friend, Marcy, works at the gym where you swim. She has been telling me about a guy there named Andy, who wears these impossibly small Speedos and swims a few laps naked there every morning. I assume you're the Andy she's been texting me about. I had no idea I'd be running into you, but I'm sure glad I did! She said she and a few of the gals at the gym had a good time with you earlier. You're that Andy, aren't you?"
"Ah, er, a, yes, that would be me" I stammered. "You can't keep a secret in a small town. How long has Marcy been telling you about me?"
"Ever since I got into town a few months ago," she revealed. "Marcy talked about how you would talk to her in the shallow end of the pool in your micro swimsuits, occasionally adjusting your package, with your hard on wanting to pop out. She told me how she caught you when you thought she was already out of the pool area. She's already sent me several of the pictures she took this morning! She had you pegged as an exhibitionist from the start! We're going to have fun with you!"
"'WE' are going to have fun with me," I asked?
"Oh, don't worry," she answered. "I'm going to be one of the girls Marcy mentioned to you who might start coming in the mornings to swim or to watch you swim and to give you dares to do. I just know you will enjoy it! Your CFNM fetish will be so fun to explore! Plus, that delicious cock of yours will be well attended to. I'm going to join the gym, just so I can play. Marcy said she told you that you would be good advertising for the gym! See, you've already added one person!"
"How many pictures did she send you," I asked?
"Enough for me to know who you were just now, when I saw you changing clothes in the street, in front of God and everybody," she joked. "Now, are you going to sit on your porch naked as a jaybird, for the rest of the neighbors to admire your flagpole, or are we going inside?"
"No need to ask me twice," I answered, and dutifully saluted. I turned and started up the stairs again. As I turned, my hard on slapped me on the thigh, causing Kelly to giggle. "Right this way."
"Now that's a view I can get used to," she giggled. "Onward ever upward!"