Chapter 17 - Prostitute
Tom stood in the bedroom doorway watching dejectedly as Jessica rolled the black stockings up her long legs and fastened them to the clasps on her suspender belt.
"Are you really sure about this?" He asked with a sense of uneasiness, "You're actually going to become a prostitute if you do this for him."
His wife looked up at him as she stepped into the tight little blue cocktail dress she had chosen to wear.
"We don't have much choice, do we? We need to find out where he keeps his books or something else that will incriminate him properly. Now zip me up please baby."
Drawing up the zipper he had to admire the outfit she had chosen.
The dress was only just decent, strapless and tight it only covered her down to mid-thigh, barely concealing her stocking tops. Undoubtedly, she would have to be careful when she sat down.
"Do I look ok?" Jess wanted to know as she slipped on her black 3" stilettos.
"You look fabulous." Her husband responded glumly.
It was Friday night and they were heading to Frank Harwood's house where Jessica was supposed to 'entertain' one of his VIP guests at a small intimate party.
The intervening few days between their night with Rob and now had been uneventful. Jessica had done two shifts at the club, Wednesday night and Friday afternoon, both without incident, and the two had barely spoken about the subject of Rob with so many other things on their minds.
He felt sure that Jess was contemplating some sort of longer-term arrangement with their neighbour, once their investigation was over. Either with him in their bed or her in his, but as yet she hadn't divulged anything to him yet.
"Are you coming or do I have to drive myself?" Jessica's voice startled him.
"What... no, no... I'm ready." He picked up his keys and headed for the door.
"Tom."
He stopped and turned back towards her only to find her slipping her arms about his neck.
"I love you Tom... Remember it's just sex. Tonight is just another step towards bringing Frank Harwood down."
He pulled his wife closer, enveloping her in his grasp.
"I love you to, and yeah, I know it is but after everything else...."
"Don't you want your wife to become a prostitute?" Jessica giggled and fluttered her eyelashes at him.
Tom grinned, "Well yes, the idea really turns me on, but maybe it's going a bit too far."
"Come on we should go. We don't want to be late." Jess didn't answer and extricated herself from her husband's arms before picking up her clutch bag.
The drive to Frank's large detached house, took them around forty minutes and they arrived on his driveway just before a half past eight well ahead of the nine o'clock time they had been told.
They had barely entered the front door before Frank was there, quickly whisking Jessica away from her husband. Putting her arm through his he led her into the party leaving Tom to follow miserably, a few steps behind.
It was obvious to Jess from the looks that she got that most of the men there knew she was one of Frank's whores and, potentially, available to them at some time in the future. However, he didn't bother to introduce her to anyone else and just made a beeline for a large black male at the other side of the room.
"Byron, meet Jessica. This is the young lady I was telling you about." He guided Jess towards the other man, "Jessica this is Byron Williams."
The black man took her hand but let his eyes roam lasciviously up and down her body as a wicked smile crossed his lips.
"She's even more lovely than you said." Byron told the gang boss with a smirk.
"She certainly is. I'll leave you two to err... to get...acquainted." Frank grinned and moved back to Tom.
"Fucking hell, I almost kept her for myself tonight, she looks a million dollars." He leered at her as he said it to him.
"Yeah, she does." Tom agreed sullenly, still watching his wife interacting with her 'customer'.
"Get used to it, you'll be driving her to all her client bookings after this week-end. She's going to be very, very popular." He sneered at Tom derisively.
"But make sure she's here for 7 o'clock on Sunday night. I want to have her again first." He added after a moment, "I intend to be fucking her a lot as well."
Seething, Tom kept his temper under control. There was nothing he could do for the moment but accept Frank's orders.
For the next half-hour or so he stood around looking unhappy as he watched his wife and her 'client' chatting and laughing while they got to know each other. Byron's large black hand frequently wandering from her waist down onto her arse to gently grope her.
However, he did manage to get a moment with her when she excused herself to go to the bathroom and he discretely followed her out of the main room.
"So, what's the plan?" He asked as soon as they were out of earshot.
"Do you know who he is?" Jessica responded with a question of her own.
Tom shook his head, "No idea, sorry."
"He's standing for Parliament. He's probably going to be our next MP and I guess Frank wants him in his pocket." She informed her husband knowingly.
"Blackmail then?"
It was her turn to nod, "I've got to get him into the master bedroom, which won't be difficult. He can't keep his hands off me."
She shivered, partly from lust and partly from disgust, as she thought about his thick dark fingers on her body before continuing.
"My guess is that Frank intends to record him having sex with me somehow, to use as leverage later."
"So, all I have to do is find out how and where he's taping you?" Tom frowned knowing it wasn't going to be easy.
"I'd better get back; he's already getting impatient to get me upstairs." She kissed her husband lightly on the lips, "Remember, you're the man I love."
With that she turned on her heel and made her way back to the party.
"Sorry, there was a bit of a queue." Jess smiled at her client letting him slip his arm around her again.
When Tom returned to the party a couple of minutes later his wife was standing with Byron, his arm encircling her waist with his large black hand resting on her arse as they talked.
Frank came across to him, smirking, "You're a voyeur, you'll enjoy this Tom, follow me."
He glanced back at Jessica as he walked after Frank but Byron was already leading her away, guiding her towards the stairs.
Taking him into his office, Frank locked the door before going to the wall behind his desk. Then pressing a hidden switch, he opened a panel to reveal a large television screen.
"Just watch."
He operated a couple of buttons on his desk and the screen sprang to life to show four images of a luxurious bedroom, all taken from different angles.
"State of the art video recording equipment." He grinned at Tom as he opened another secret panel, this one with a safe behind it.
Tom couldn't see the code Frank used to open it but what he did see were a number of ledgers and a small quantity of computer discs stored there. Selecting an unused one from the pile the gang's boss unwrapped it and inserted it into a machine before turning his attention back to the screen on the wall.
Just at that moment the door to the bedroom opened and Tom watched as Byron Williams walked in with Jessica following behind holding onto his hand. Glancing apprehensively around her Jess realised they were in the master bedroom and, dropping his hand, she stood still turning to face her first ever client, waiting patiently as he closed the door.
Byron stepped towards her and she let him pull her body to his, her arms encircling his neck as he lowered his mouth onto hers in a long deep lingering kiss. Offering no resistance, she permitted his large hand to slide up between them, caressing her body as it went, to fondle her breast through the material of the dress. His sausage-like dark fingers digging into her small mounds, crudely mauling them as he mashed his thick lips onto hers.
"Maybe I should take it off." Jess murmured coyly, disentangling herself and moving away from him, "Perhaps you would do the honours and unzip me?"
Byron grinned as she turned her back, drawing her zip all the way down and allowing her dress to peel apart along her spine while she held it coquettishly across her chest.
In the other room Tom stared at the screen, watching intently as his wife let the garment fall to the floor. Exposing her breasts, she paused to scoop it up and deposit the garment across a chair before slipping back into her client's arms.
"There, isn't that better?" She purred sexily, tilting her head upwards and lifting her mouth up to his.
He leant in to kiss her again, his hand cupping her bare tit so his fingers could start to tease her firm nipples into lust hardened peaks.
"Oh shit."
Jessica trembled, mumbling, her arms back about his neck as she pressed her body tight against his, responding to his touch. She had gone into the room intent on playing her role as Frank's whore and faking her response but, as always, her body was starting to betray her.
Standing next to Tom, Frank was an equally avid spectator, his hand rubbing the bulge at the front of his pants while his eyes stayed glued to the screen.
"Jesus Christ, she's something else." He whispered to himself, echoing Tom's own erotic thoughts.
"Oh fuck, yes... that's feels so good.... Aaaahhhhhhhh!"
Jessica closed her eyes and threw her head back, whimpering softy as her long blonde hair fell around her shoulders, when Byron lowered his mouth to her breasts. Taking each nipple between his lips, to suckle greedily on them, he made her squirm and sigh with delight.
As he took her breasts in his mouth Byron's hand slid down her body until it was between Jessica's stockinged thighs. Letting his dark fingers trace along her slit through the gusset of her panties while she clung on to him, her head resting on his shoulder.
Hooking her knickers to the side he forced a single digit up into Jess's cunt, opening her puffy nether lips around it as he started to finger her roughly, forcing himself knuckle deep inside her.
"Aaaaahhhhh.... Unhhhhhh!" She shuddered and dug her painted nails into his shoulders, her legs parting to give him easier access to her soaked vagina.
The wet squelch of her pussy filled the bedroom as Byron William's crudely finger fucked her, driving her rapidly towards an unwanted and speedy climax.
"That's it...come for me baby...come for me!" He told her, adding a second finger and working them both in and out of her dripping quim, her labia clinging, limpet like, to them.
She didn't disappoint him, her knees buckling so that only his arm about her waist was keeping her upright, as the dark meaty fingers brought her to her first orgasm of the evening.
"Oh fuck.... oh shit, I'm... aaahhh... I'm cummminngggggggggg!" her voice quivered as she went over the edge and her climax plundered her body.
Waiting until the final ripples of her orgasm faded, he eased his sticky fingers from her pussy. Then, with a sneer, Byron offered them to Jess and as she looked into his eyes, she slowly and sensuously licked them clean, tasting her own cum as she did.
"That's a good girl." He smirked as she dropped to her knees in front of him, her fingers automatically tugging at his zip to unfasten his pants.
She would have done it anyway, as part of the role she was playing, but somewhere along the way she had found herself wanting to do it, wanting to have his cock in her hands, and more.
Easing his trousers down to his knees Jess hooked her fingers in the waistband of his underwear and pulled them down as well so his cock sprung free.
"Oh.... My... God!" She couldn't help but gasp at the 9 inches of hard black manhood that sprung free and almost hit her in the face, "It's fucking... huge."
Jessica stared at the massive ebony rod that she was expected to satisfy, wondering how it was ever going to fit inside her slender frame. She had thought Frank Harwood was large but Byron's big black dick had him beat on length and thickness.
"It is baby and it's all for you." He leered down at her, "Now get your mouth around it."
Grasping the dark shaft Jess could only get her fingers to reach three quarters of the way around its thick girth, as she looked up at her client licking her lips in anticipation.
Slowly, she began to stroke him, using both her small pale hands to caress his dark meat, while he groaned softly clearly enjoying her attention.
"He's got a thing for white pussy and blondes." Frank chortled next to Tom, his eyes never leaving the flickering images on the screen as he toyed with the camera controls taking one into a close up.
"Urrrggggggggggggg.... Muurrmmmmm.... Gluuurrggggggggggggg!"
Closing her mouth around the tip of Byron's black meat, her jaws stretched obscenely, Jessica gagged as she struggled to take in more than a few hard inches.
Thick dark fingers wrapped themselves in her hair and, for the next few minutes, she sucked greedily on the massive cock. Her head bobbing while strands of long blonde hair fell across her face and around her shoulders.
Byron let her pleasure him with her mouth, leering down at her and guiding her movements with his hand until a few minutes later, ready for more, he pulled her lips away from him.
His thick ebony shaft was now glistening with a coating of spit as he yanked Jess roughly to her feet and, without giving her a chance to protest, turned her around and bent her over the bed.
"Oh... what...."
Braced on her arms with her hands on the bedcover she looked back over her shoulder, breathing faster, as he dragged her panties down her slender legs so that they pooled around her feet.
"Now spread em!" The black man ordered her brusquely.
Stepping out of her knickers Jessica quickly obeyed, moving her feet apart, her long legs accentuated by the 3" stiletto heels she was wearing.
Her heart was thumping now and she could feel the moisture forming at the top of her legs, oozing down her inner thighs and making them sticky.
'Oh god, I really am, I'm a total slut.'
She couldn't get the thought out of her mind as she put her head down and raised her arse so that her dripping pink slit was peeking out at the top of her stocking clad thighs.
"Oh God.... please... fuck me!" Jess groaned, wiggling her hips encouragingly as the engorged head of his organ pressed against her tight entrance.
"Please... I want... AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Her sentence was cut short by her squeal of delight as Byron drove most of his cock into her, forcing her to go up onto her toes as she was stretched wider than she had ever been.
Without waiting he pulled back and thrust again, this time burying his entire length in her.
"OH, FUCKKKKKKKKK.... FUCKKKKKKKKKKK!"
Her shriek was so loud she was sure it must have been heard downstairs in the party as he filled her cunt, reaching places never touched before.
Gripping her hips Byron quickly settled into a steady rhythm and began to fuck her, drawing most of his glistening length out before sliding it all the way back in. Her pink labia clinging to his ebony spear, caressing it as it pistoned in and out of her pussy.
"Oh shit.... Yes...yes.... fuck me... just fuck meeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Jess's fingers clutched the bedcovers as his steady strokes drove her towards another orgasm.
Controlling the cameras Frank's attention flicked between the different angles shown on the large screen; from a close up of Byron's cock plunging into Jessica's pussy to the side on angle showing her going onto her toes with every stroke and then the front view picturing a woman in the height of sexual ecstasy. However, in most of the shots he ensured Byron's face was clearly identifiable.
The loud slap of flesh on flesh filled the room as the soon to be MP fucked her, every stroke into her willing body stoking the flames of ecstasy that were filling her core.
"Do it whore.... Cum, cum for me."
With that Jessica went over the edge, squealing with intense delight as another climax took her.
"Oh god...oh god...I'm...I'm CUUMMMMMMIINNNGGGGGGGGG!"
Coming hard, the muscles in her legs taut, her body tensed then jerked violently, Jess bouncing on her toes, as wave after wave of pleasure overwhelmed her.
Letting her come down from her high Byron waited, gently easing his shaft in and out of her oozing hole until she had finished. Then pulling his dick out of her, he rolled her onto the bed so she lay back with her stockinged legs spread wide, her chest heaving breathlessly.
"Tell me what you want baby." The huge black man loomed over her, his cock streaked with her cream, threatening to spear her again.
"Fuck me... I want you to fuck me and cum inside me." She whispered holding her arms out to him knowing that she wasn't role playing, it really was what she wanted.
Byron smirked and lowered his body onto hers, his iron hard black cock impaling her cunt once again.
"FUCKKKKKKKKK...YESSSSSSSSSSSS... FUCK MEEEEEEEE!"
Jessica screamed out loud her knees drawing back as his massive ebony shaft was driven into her.
Sliding his hands under her arse Byron began to hammer his length up Jess's dripping slit, pulling her up onto him with her outer lips folding in and out as they clung to his prick.
Her fingers twisted in the bedclothes and her head thrashed side to side, her long blonde hair plastered to her face as she writhed and whimpered under the brutal fucking she was receiving.
"Oh fuck... yes... Oh god... oh shit... fuck...fuck oh yes, yes."
She babbled almost incoherently, her body bucking and jerking uncontrollably in response to the frenzied pounding that Byron William's was giving her.
"UNGH... UNGH... UNHHHH... AAHHHHH... YESSSSSSSS!"
Above her he grunted loudly, his thrusts losing rhythm, his muscular buttocks clenching tight when he started to shoot his thick seed into Jessica's belly.
"OH GOD... YES, YES.... I'm.... CUMMMMMMINGGGGGGGG!"
Her third and by far the biggest climax of the night engulfed her, her body convulsing wildly under his.
Tom watched every moment on the screen, his own cock harder than he had ever known as it tented the front of his pants.
"Jesus fucking Christ. That woman of yours really knows how to fuck." Frank stated bluntly standing transfixed, like Tom his eyes were glued to the images on the screen.
Eventually Byron rolled off of her leaving her almost comatose, laying on the bed, her stockinged legs spread wide as a huge glob of creamy sperm oozed out of her gaping hole and ran down the crack of her arse.
"You better go get her dressed and take her home. I'd love to do her myself but she's fit for fuck all now." Frank instructed Tom.
"Sure." He turned to go, watching as Frank took his latest recording from the machine and locked it in his secret safe.
Jessica was still laying on the bed when he got to the bedroom, her eyes closed and her breathing regular, although their soon to be MP had long since gone.
"You ok baby?" He asked somewhat concerned as she had barely moved.
"Mmmmm... I'm fabulous." She murmured dreamily, "That was absolutely out of this world."
Gathering up her clothes he threw them angrily onto the bed, "Shall we go home or are you staying for more?"
Sensing something was amiss she sat up, "Are you alright honey?"
"Yeah, just fucking great. Considering I just watched my wife get the fucking of her life and knowing that I'm probably surplus to her requirements now."
His emotions boiled over as he spoke.
Jessica looked at him wide-eyed for a moment then jumped up off the bed, "No, never, that's so not true. I love you. I've loved you since the moment I met you."
She flung her naked body against him wrapping her arms about his neck as she began to cry, "Please Tom, please, I wish we'd never started this."
He held her, letting her cry into his shoulder, "I'm sorry it was just seeing you like that. Coming so hard with him."
Jess sniffed and looked up at him, "You saw us?"
He nodded, "Yeah Frank has the room rigged with cameras and microphones. He recorded it all."
Wiping away her tears she bit her lip, "And you saw where he keeps the recordings?"
"Mmhhmm... and his ledgers." Tom grinned, "I think we've got him."
"Oh Tom!" She flung her arms about his neck and kissed her husband passionately, "Let's go home. I want you to make love to me."
Jessica dressed as quickly as she could, which wasn't very fast at all, and then they slipped discretely out of the party without anyone seeing them.
"You know Frank wants you again Sunday, for the whole night." Tom informed her when they were about half-way home.
She thought about it for a moment, "When do you think you will raid his house?"
"If I talk to George tomorrow, they'll hit his house and businesses first thing Monday morning I expect." He gave her his best guess, "Waiting just gives him a chance to discover we're on to him."
"Then maybe I should be in his bed Sunday night. It's the perfect distraction and besides if I'm not there he could get suspicious."
Tom groaned, the thought of his wife spending the night with Frank Harwood filled him with despair, but he knew she was right. They had to maintain their cover and not make him suspicious.
It was shortly before midnight when they stepped through the front door of their flat and his wife pulled him straight towards the bedroom.
"It's ok Jess, you don't have to." He stopped her, his insecurities getting the better of him after witnessing her with Byron Williams.
"You're right I don't have to but I do want to. So, shut up and get in the bedroom." She giggled and kissed him before dragging him through the apartment.
Pushing him flat on the bed she reached for his belt, tugging it open and unzipping his trousers as she knelt over him, her tight dress riding up her thighs and displaying the tops of her stockings.
"Jess...." He went to protest before she cut him off mid-sentence.
Fishing his hard cock out of his pants she licked around the crown before lowering her mouth onto it, her cheeks bulging as she took it deeper.
"Eyyyyyyyyy.... urvvvvvv...... Uuuuuuuuuuu."
Gurgling she swallowed half her husband's length, her red lips sealing tight around it as she gazed up at him with her big blue eyes.
Tom tipped his head back and moaned pushing his hips up, urging her to swallow more. One hand on the back of her head pressing her down onto him.
"Fuck it baby, don't do that for too long or I'll cum."
His wife lifted her mouth off him, throwing her long hair back behind her right shoulder and knelt astride his legs.
"Don't you dare, I need you to fuck me."
With that she peeled her dress off over her head and dropped it onto the floor before reaching for the buttons on his shirt.
Between the two of them they managed to get him out of his clothes, his shirt and trousers following her dress before he reached for her panties and eased them down over her hips. Lifting one knee and then the other Tom dragged them down her legs and untangled them from around her feet. With just her stockings on Jessica moved up to straddle his hips, reaching for his cock and guiding the head to her cum lubricated entrance.
"Oh God... yessssssssssss!" She groaned, her head lolling back, as she sank down on him, impaling her slim body on his manhood.
He could feel Byron's semen and her juices around his shaft as it pushed up into Jessica's cunt. Her vagina seeming looser than normal after accommodating the black man's prodigious manhood earlier that evening.
Sliding his hands up her body he cupped her small firm breasts, teasing her nipples as she rode him, her hips lifting and falling, working her juicy fuck hole onto his tumescent pole.
"Don't leave me Jess, please.... I love you." Tom gasped as he thrust up into her body, his hips forcing her thighs wider apart.
"I... won't... ever... I... oh god... I.... I'm.... cummmmingggggggggggg!"
She shuddered to a complete stop; her eyes wide open while her vaginal muscles contracted around his prick as she came.
Somehow, Tom controlled himself and held back, letting his wife jerk to a halt above him before rolling her onto her back, her stocking clad legs wrapping around him as he slowly started to stroke his length into her.
"I love you so fucking much." She looked up into his eyes before pulling his mouth down to hers.
He knew he would cum as soon as he started to thrust into her, feeling her respond to him her body writhing against his, he began to drive into her, fucking her even harder.
"Oh baby... oh fuck.... I'm gonna cum." Within a couple of minutes he gasped, the pressure building in his balls.
"Yes... cum with me... oh God.... I'm... cuuummmmminnggggggggggg!"
Squealing her delight and pulling him against her Jess convulsed with pleasure.
"Oh fuck... Jess!"
Feeling her climax, her pussy tightening around his cock, Tom let himself go and erupted in to her, flooding her with another copious amount of man cream.
It wasn't until he had pumped every last drop of his sperm into his wife's womb that he finally collapsed on top of her his mouth finding hers in a long lingering kiss.
"I love you, Tom Whitby." Jessica whispered as she snuggled in against him.
Completely satisfied they lay in a tangle of arms and legs for some time, kissing and caressing each other until Jessica eventually fell asleep.
Holding his wife and listening to her slow steady breathing Tom lay for a long time staring into the darkness and wondering if his marriage would survive.
Chapter 18 - A last weekend at the club
The following morning, Tom went in to the police station for a meeting with his boss DCI Freeman, to put forward his findings and to agree a plan to take down Frank Harwood.
He was back with his wife by lunchtime.
"It's all set, we'll raid the house and his business premises first thing on Monday morning." He informed her of the schedule they had decided on.
Jess gave him a huge beaming grin, "Great, so all we have to do is not give anything away till then."
"Pretty much yeah." Her husband agreed, "So, are you going to work your shift tonight?"
She thought about it for a moment, "I think I should. We don't want to do anything that might tip him off now, do we?"
"And Sunday night? Are you going to his bed?" He asked gloomily, the mood immediately changing as they both knew what her answer would be.
She looked at him sympathetically, "I know you don't want me to but I don't think I have a choice, unless we want to take a chance on him finding out what's going on."
He didn't answer.
Jess continued, "I don't like him either and given the option I'd rather be here with you."
"But you'll enjoy him fucking you?" He stated, his tone cold and dispassionate.
"Yes, I will. At least the sex will be good even if I loathe the man on top of me. You've got to allow me to get some pleasure out of it." Jessica took hold of her husband's hand.
"Fine whatever." Tom pulled away from her and turned away clearly unhappy.
Somehow, they managed to get through the afternoon, although there was a distinct atmosphere, doing a few household jobs and having an early dinner before setting out for the club. Jessica knew it would be her last shift as a stripper, if everything went to plan, and she was determined she was going to enjoy the evening even though she was working.
Once she was ready, they left for the club rather than just sit around waiting, getting there early so she had plenty of time to undertake any last-minute preparations.
From the moment she went on stage in purple lingerie and black stockings for her first dance, it was clear to Tom that his wife was going to put everything into her last appearance at the club.
Jess held nothing back, taking a little longer every time she was tipped to show her breasts or spread her legs, making sure that each of her customers got to see every intimate detail of her body.
Her private dances were also as erotic as she could make them. The men who purchased her time being allowed to run their hands freely over her tits as she sat, naked and squirming, on their laps.
It was nearly midnight and Jessica was wet and more aroused than she had ever been from stripping. The nights events had turned her on like never before; exposing her body to the lust filled eyes of the men watching her, allowing men to freely grope and fondle her in the VIP suite.
She needed cock and she was looking forward to finishing so that she could get home and ravish her husband.
Sitting at the bar wearing a red lacey underwear set, including fishnet stockings and heels, she was ready for her next set on stage when Tom walked up to her.
"Danny wants to see you in the office." He told her quietly.
"What? Why?" She looked at him a little puzzled by his instructions.
Tom frowned at her, "Why do you think?"
"Shit, you think he wants to fuck me?" She blurted out without thinking.
"Ten out of ten." He gazed at his wife miserably, "Are you going to let him?"
Jess shrugged resignedly, "Do I really have a choice? Unless we want them getting suspicious."
"Of course you have a fucking choice."
"Are you willing to take the risk that they get wary of what we're doing?"
He didn't answer. As unhappy as he was, he knew she was right. Having come this far they simply couldn't risk the whole operation.
Biting her lip Jessica turned to walk away and go through the door marked 'Private' to make her way up to Danny's office.
'She should say no and just go home.'
'She didn't need to let Danny fuck her.'
'It wouldn't endanger their investigation.'
While part of her just wanted to leave, to go back to their flat and make love to her husband, to finish her last night at the club the way he would want. Another part was eagerly anticipating what was about to happen, wanting to feel another cock to penetrate her and make her cum.
"Give me a minute then come upstairs. I'll leave the door open and you can watch from the hallway if you want." She turned back, her heart thudding against her ribs, and told him.
With that final comment she took a deep breath and disappeared through the doorway leading up to Danny's office.
By the time Tom crept silently along the carpeted landing to peer through the half-open door, Jessica was already on her knees, her bra discarded on the floor beside her.
One hand was wrapped around the base of the club manager's thick cock while her lips slid back and forth on the first hard inches. The muffled sucking sounds she was making were loud enough for him to hear them in the hallway as he watched transfixed.
"Muuhhhmmmmmm.... Muuhhhmmmmmm... Muuhhhmmmmmm!"
Strands of blonde hair fell across her face as Jess worked her red lips back and forth along the swollen dick in her mouth, covering Danny's manhood with her spit as she slurped on it hungrily.
"Fucking hell, you certainly know how to suck cock." Danny Brookes gasped, his fingers gripping her hair tightly.
Jessica didn't respond, her mouth was too full of his hard meat to do more than mumble and splutter.
"Guuurrggggggg..... Guuurrggggggg... Guuurrggggggg!"
Her head bobbed steadily as she worked her red lips back and forth along his erection. Her left hand gripping his length, wedding ring glinting in the lights as she fed his shaft into her mouth while her right cupped his heavy balls.
"Gluuucckkkkkkkkkkk.... Gluuucckkkkkkkkkkk.... Gluuucckkkkkkkkkkk!"
The muted sounds of her sucking filled the office and filtered out into the hallway for Tom to hear, making him even harder than he had been.
Letting his cock slip out of her mouth Jess stood up and, hooking her fingers in her panties she slid them down to the floor. With the briefest of glances towards the half open door she stepped out of them and bent over the desk, looking back at the strip club manager standing behind her.
"You can fuck me if you want to." She instructed him, moving her feet wide apart and raising her arse up to give him complete access to her sex.
Danny grinned and stepped behind her running his cockhead up along her slit and between her moist folds.
"Mmmmmm... put it in me." Jessica whispered turning her head to look at the partially open doorway and beyond where she knew her husband was standing.
Readying herself she leant onto her forearms, her blonde mane falling across her face as she lowered her head and pushed her arse up a fraction higher.
"Oh fuck... yessssssssssssss!"
Biting her lip, she emitted a low groan as Danny pulled his cock away and pushed first one then a second finger into her slick, wet pussy.
"Fucking hell Sapphire, you're fucking soaked."
Behind her he gasped, his digits buried knuckle deep as he wormed them around inside Jessica's vagina,
She giggled and wiggled her arse invitingly
"That feels nice but I want your cock in me." Jess looked back at him and demanded more.
The fingers slipped out and he shuffled closer against her.
"Ohhhhh.... Fuckkkkkkk... yessssssssssssss!"
She moaned out loud, her eyes shut tight, as Danny drove his cock straight up into her cunt in a single hard stroke, forcing her up onto her toes.
Grasping her hips, he started to fuck her, slowly and easily, his hard shaft sliding effortlessly between her puffy labia and deep into her juicy wet slit. Every thrust drove her up onto her toes and further across the desk making her groan with pleasure as she took every solid inch of his throbbing length.
"Jesus... Christ... yes, oh yes... fuck me... fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Jessica squealed and writhed, familiar sensations already building in her core.
Danny's hands slid around her so he could grope her breasts, pinching her nipples, as they jiggled and bounced with the force of his thrusts.
"Unhhh... Oh fuck Sapphire... Ungh... Oh shit... Aaahhh!" Grunting he vigorously slammed his shaft into Jessica's dripping pussy, his hips slapping loudly against her bottom.
The more he pinched and pulled on her sensitive nipples the more she jerked back onto his throbbing pole, her cunt muscles clenching around its girth trying to hold it in her.
"Shit, oh shit, shit... don't stop..... I'm gonna....!"
Her fingers tightened on the edge of the desktop, knuckles whitening, as the rapturous sensations he was stimulating bubbled over inside her.
Hearing her moans, Danny began to frantically piston his length into her, urgently seeking his own release. His hips hitting Jess's rear with a resounding slap on every stroke of his rock-hard prick into her fuck hole.
"Oh.... fuck..... Yesssssssssssssss."
He grunted, sheathing his dick deep in her one last time.
"I'm gonna.......... CUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!"
Jessica screeched as she came violently, her body spasming uncontrollably, pushing back to impale her pussy on his erection, as her orgasm overwhelmed her.
Buried to the hilt in her cunt, Danny's prick spasmed and twitched as it pumped out spurt after spurt of his thick white seed into Jess's belly while her vaginal muscles clutched it tightly, milking him of his man cream.
He stood behind her for the next couple of minutes breathing heavily, just letting his erection slowly soften inside her, dribbling the last remnants of his sperm into her.
"Fucking hell Sapphire, you are incredible." He finally gasped as he slipped out of her, "Frank certainly knows how to pick his whores."
She remained bent over for a little longer, legs spread wide as his cum oozed out of her gaping slit and ran down the inside of her still trembling thighs onto her stockings.
Eventually her heart beat slowed and she pushed herself upright, watching as the strip club manager zipped himself up while she searched for her discarded underwear.
"I really appreciate that baby and thank your old man for me to." He sneered derisively at her and turned to leave the office.
Not wanting to be caught Tom turned away to make his escape and head back to the bar. He had barely taken half a dozen steps when he was grabbed by his t-shirt and pulled into a darkened room, the door closing behind him.
"Thanks Danny, I'll see you back downstairs in a minute." Jessica told him as she began to get dressed.
Appearing in the bar a short while later Jess looked around for her husband with a wistful expression. He was nowhere to be seen and, as she was due to dance, she had to disappear behind the curtain to get cleaned up and changed for her last routine.
This would be the very last time she appeared on stage and Jessica wanted to ensure it was special.
Stripping out of the soiled garments she had on, Jess selected her costume; clean black stockings were rolled up her legs and fastened to the clasps on her black suspender belt. Then she slipped on the matching bra and panties before pulling a nurse's dress over the top.
'Where had Tom gone?'
She couldn't help but wonder as she waited in the changing area.
Upstairs Tom found himself being kissed fervently; the lithe figure of Tracy pressed herself up against him.
"We don't have long." She whispered, her fingers scrabbling to undo his pants, "And I want you in me."
"No... stop... Trace... I can't... oh fuck."
He tried to push her away even as her fingers closed around his tumescent manhood, her need clearly apparent by the way she stroked the hard length urgently.
"Come on Tom, she's had her fun." Her mouth murmured into his as he began to return her kisses, "Now it's your turn."
Running his hand down her body his fingers traced across her bare breasts before finding her shaven mound and he realised, with a shock, that she was totally nude.
"Shit Tracy... we... we shouldn't..." Groaning softly he caressed her wet slit as his resistance evaporated.
"Fuck me... please... I want you in me." Guiding his dick towards her pussy her legs parted and she leant back to rest her shoulders against the wall.
It was awkward but somehow the head of his prick slipped into her as she wrapped one leg around him and then, with a single thrust, Tom filled her with his hard meat.
"Yes... oh yes... take me baby... take me."
Clinging to him she wrapped her arms about his neck and whimpered when he started to fuck her, lifting her off her feet with every stroke.
"Unnh.... Unnh.... Unnh.... Unnh!"
Grunting in time with his forceful thrusts Tom let his desperate need for release take control of him. Pounding up into the brunette stripper he took her callously, hammering his throbbing rod up into her wet and willing sex.
"Shit... oh shit... oh Tom, you're gonna make me..."
The pair clung together as they went over the edge, Tom erupting into her as she came hard on his cock.
"CUM!" She moaned with delight convulsing on his erection.
Back in the dressing room Jess checked her make-up one last time and, taking a deep breath, she listened as the DJ announced her.
"Gentlemen, for the last time tonight please put your hands together for the delightful Sapphire."
There was a smattering of applause and Jessica stepped through the curtains and onto the stage as her first track; Hot Stuff by Donna Summer started to play.
At first, she just stood still gazing at the audience and, while she looked for her husband, letting them look back at her. Then one hip began pumping in time with the beat, before she started to strut around the stage bumping and grinding to the music as she slowly unzipped her dress all the way down the front.
'Why wasn't he here for her last routine?'
'What was he doing?'
Her heart was thumping hard and she tried to put him out of her mind and focus so she could remember the moment.
Cheering for more the audience encouraged her as she slipped the dress off her shoulders, letting it pool around her feet before kicking it away to continue to dance in her underwear.
Swaying her body erotically Jess let her head fall back, her long blonde mane trailing across her shoulder blades as she ran her hands up across her stomach. Continuing onto her thin lace bra she pinched her nipples and soon had them standing out prominently through the virtually transparent material.
She could feel herself getting wetter by the second but whether it was from her own secretions or from Danny's cum she couldn't tell.
Smiling at the crowd gathered in front of the stage she turned around and spreading her feet apart bent over, her hands placed on her ankles. Looking back at the audience she smiled knowing her thong had tightened over her wet cum filled slit, barely concealing her sex from their eyes.
Rubbing her right hand against her right buttock she slapped her own bum. Then, wiggling her backside invitingly, she blew the audience a kiss before standing up again as the music switched to her second song; Don't Cha by the Pussycat Dolls.
Another glance around the audience and there was still no sign of her husband and again she wondered where he was.
Putting her concern to one side she let herself get into the moment.
Turning back to face everyone again she continued to gyrate her hips, circling her head and sweeping her hair over her shoulder. Then raising her hands up her back she unhooked her bra and let the straps slip off her shoulders.
Every single male in the audience was rivetted as her top slid slowly down, her breasts coming into view before she eventually pulled the garment away and threw it aside.
Almost immediately a tipper put a tenner on the stage and she dropped to her knees in front of him, cupping her tits and leaning forwards until her chest was just inches from his face.
Giving him long close-up of her chest Jessica rolled away and pushing up off the floor she started to writhe sensuously to the music, her perky breasts jiggling as she danced. Stepping over her top, Jess threw her head back and cupped her firm little tits, running her palms across her engorged nipples before putting her index finger between her lips and erotically sucking on it, causing even more yelling to erupt from the crowd.
Dropping her wetted index finger onto her left nipple she teased it gently before switching to the right.
Just then her music changed again and her final track; Christina Aguilera's Dirty, started.
Turning around again, facing away from the audience, she looked back over her shoulder just in time to see her husband, closely followed by Tracy, reappearing. Automatically her fingers slid into the waistband of her panties, her body still undulating to the music as she stared at them.
'Had her husband fucked the brunette stripper?'
'What if he preferred her now?'
Pausing for a moment she realised that she was jealous.
The beat of the music interrupted her thoughts and she shimmied her thong part way down her stocking clad thighs and spanked her right hand against her bum cheek naughtily.
"Get em off." Someone at the back shouted and she grinned, pushing her knickers down to her feet to oblige him.
No sooner was she naked than an older man dropped a tenner on the stage and Jess dropped to her knees before him.
"You want to see my pussy?" she whispered to the tipper, tearing her eyes away from her husband.
He swallowed hard and nodded.
Smiling she opened her mouth and put her index finger between her lips and sucked on the digit, her eyes locked with his as she rubbed it across her nipple, making the swollen bud glisten in the dim light.
The whole audience was mesmerised as she leant back onto her hands and spread her thighs apart revealing her pink slit still oozing the remnants of Danny's cum.
Another tenner was proffered a couple of seats along and Jessica rolled over, taking the money before laying back and spreading her black stockinged legs wide, her hips bucking up off the stage as she gave her new tipper an unobstructed close-up of her moist pussy.
More cash appeared and she moved again, taking the twenty that was being held out, and spreading her legs for yet another guy.
Gently moving her hand back and forth between her legs, her hips rocking in unison Jessica splayed herself open on her fingers, giving him a glorious view inside of her bare pussy. Then extending her middle finger she ran it up between her labia before sitting up and placing it between his lips.
Letting him suck her digit for a few moments, she pulled it free, leaving it lingering on his lips for the briefest second before getting back to her feet just as her music ended.
"Let's hear it for the lovely Sapphire" The DJ yelled and the crowd broke into a huge round of applause.
Her chest was heaving and her pulse racing but she had done it, her last dance at the club. Taking a bow Jess quickly collected up her clothing and disappeared behind the curtain to get dressed.
As soon as she got into the dressing area, she spotted Tracy re-applying her make-up and went straight over to her.
"Did you fuck my husband?" She hissed angrily.
Almost disdainfully the brunette looked up at her, "Jealous? Well, as you seem to be busy elsewhere, I'm just giving him what he wants sweetheart."
Jess went to respond but the words stuck in her throat. Tracy was right she was jealous and she had no right to be, not after the things she had done.
"Just stay away from him. He's mine." She told her and turned away wondering if her husband was going to leave her now.
It was almost one so putting on her street clothes Jess re-appeared just as the security team, including Tom, were shepherding the stragglers out of the club.
Now that their relationship was out in the open there was no need for her to leave the club alone so she took a seat to wait for her husband.
"You are so lucky girl. Having a husband who doesn't mind you stripping and everything else." Tracy, slipped onto a stool alongside her, "I might have fucked him but it's not me he wants."
"You really think so?"
"I know so girl." The other woman laughed, "You're earning the money and your man don't mind you getting your fun as well. Just remember he needs his too, sometimes."
"I guess so." Jess slipped off her stool as Tom came back to collect her.
They both said their goodbyes and, although no one else knew, they left Sin City for the last time.
"So, you enjoyed Danny's cock then?" Tom asked her acerbically once they were outside the club.
Jessica looked at her husband sharply, "He made me come if that's what you mean."
"It looked more than that."
"Was Tracy more than a fuck then?"
Tom stopped and stared at her open mouthed, "How... how did you...?"
Giving him a reassuring smile, she told him how she had seen him come back with the brunette and how she had confronted her in the changing room.
"And you're not mad?"
Jessica shook her head, "I'm jealous but how can I be mad at you after the things I've done."
"But...
She stopped and faced him, "We've talked about all of this Tom. I didn't have a lot of choice if we didn't want to tip Frank off, just like I have no choice about tomorrow night."
"But I do. I mean I...."
"You deserve to have some fun to." She smiled nervously at him, "As long as you aren't going to leave me."
"I'm sorry I shouldn't have but I couldn't help it. Watching you and Danny I felt that this was becoming a lot more than the investigation to you now."
"Jesus Christ Tom what do you expect. I've been fucked by how many men? Do you blame me if I get some physical pleasure from it all?"
"I guess not. I just don't want to lose you to someone else."
"That's not going to happen." She slipped her arms about his neck and pulled his mouth down to hers, "I've told you I love you and I always will."
"But Frank, you said he's amazing in bed." He argued holding his wife against him.
"Yeah, and he's an arrogant prick who wants to set me up as a prostitute. And what's more he's about to go down for ten years."
Tom chuckled, "True."
They kissed again, tongues playing, before breaking apart and walking back to their car.
"How about Tracy? Do you want her now?"
He grinned, "No, she's fun but she isn't you."
"Right answer." She told him as she slid into the passenger seat.
Exhausted and emotionally drained the couple fell into bed as soon as they got home, sleeping soundly through till after eleven the following morning.
Jessica was awake first but instead of getting up she rolled on to her side and gazed at her husband. The fact that she loved him was never a doubt in her mind but since she had started working undercover stripping at Sin City and getting fucked by numerous guys, she worried that something had changed inside him.
She didn't want to split up with Tom she was certain of that but did he still want her after everything she had done. The way he had spoken to her as they left the club had made her think,
'How could he love her now?
'Did he really want to be with Tracy?'
'What would she do if he left her?'
Tears filled the corners of her eyes as she started to imagine life without him.
"Hey babe." Tom opened his eyes and smiled at her, "What's up?"
Flinging herself on top of him she wrapped her arms about his neck and sobbed into his shoulder.
"I love you Tom please don't break up with me. Don't leave me for... for her."
"Whoa Jess, who said I was going to break up with you?" He held her away from him.
"After yesterday.... I thought... what you said... and Tracy..."
Grinning he pulled her against him, holding her close, "I'm the one worried that you'll start thinking there's someone better out there or you'll actually fall for one of those guys."
Jessica shook her head, tears trickling down her cheeks, "No way. I told you I'll love you forever."
"But you said the sex, especially with Frank and Byron, was amazing."
"It's just sex, I told you that. Outside of that all the guys I've been with, apart from Rob, have been total arseholes."
"And sex with me is...?"
She giggled, "Pretty awesome to."
"Yeah, that's what Tracy said."
"Pig." She punched his arm.
With that his mouth found hers and they kissed.
Gently at first but with a rapidly increasing passion, their tongues intertwined as they succumbed to their lust. Whimpering into her husband's mouth Jess offered no resistance when he pulled her over onto her back, spreading her thighs apart as he positioned his body over hers.
"I love you, Jessica Whitby." Tom looked down into her vivid blue eyes, his hardness poised to penetrate her pussy.
Wrapping her arms about his neck Jess started to cry again, "I love you so much."
As she said it Tom pushed his cock slowly into his wife, splitting her pink lips apart so they wrapped around his shaft, cushioning his thrusts from the very first stoke as he buried his full length in her.
"Oh god yes... yes... oh Tom... love me!"
Their mouths met again and they kissed deeply, his arse rising and falling rhythmically between her splayed thighs as he started to fuck her.
Her fingers found his hair, wrapping themselves in it and crushing her lips against his, while she writhed under him. Again, and again, he pistoned his erection into her dripping quim, splitting her wide open and thrusting as deep as he could.
"Oh god yes...yes, yes, yes.... fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Twisting her mouth away Jessica moaned out loud, her back arching up off the bed to meet her husband's prick as it was driven deeper than ever into her waiting hole.
Beneath the frantically copulating couple the bed began to creak softly in time with Tom's thrusts. His thick hard cock spearing her cunt again and again as they both surged towards their peak.
"Shit.... I'm cumming.... I'm cumming!" Jessica squealed as her orgasm surged through her body, Tom's shaft buried inside her spurting his cream deep into her womb.
Satisfied they stayed in bed holding each other for a while, neither of them speaking as they both contemplated the evening that was to come.
Eventually they showered and dressed before forcing down some lunch, all the while the spectre of Jessica's upcoming night with Frank hung over them.
Somehow, they managed to get through until five o'clock before Jess went upstairs to take a long hot soak.
Taking her time, she thought about the night ahead as she washed her hair then shaved her legs and her mound.
She detested Frank Harwood she was absolutely certain of that. He was an arrogant, misogynistic and dangerous arsehole who deserved to go to prison for his crimes.
However, she knew the sex would be incredible and she would enjoy more orgasms than she could count.
It promised to be an evening of mixed feelings for her.
She was sitting at her mirror putting on her make-up when Tom came through and stood in the bedroom doorway looking thoroughly dejected.
"Please don't say anything babe." She looked at his reflection in the mirror, "We've said all there is to say about this."
"I just want this to be over and us to go back to the way we were."
Jessica twisted around, putting her mascara brush down, "You seriously think we can go back now, after everything."
"You mean you don't?"
She stood up and dropped her towel before picking up a pair of black stockings and rolling them up her legs.
"I don't know if I can. I mean what about my having sex with Rob." Jess slipped on a tiny blue lace thong.
"What about it?" Tom's face was a picture of misery as he watched his wife dress for Frank.
"Zip me up please." She asked him easing herself into a tight black cocktail dress that clung to her figure and showed most of her stockinged thighs as well as the swell of her breasts.
"This is for him, isn't it?" He asked as she put on her black stiletto's.
Jessica looked at her husband and tried to deny it but he saw through her.
"Fine. I guess we have to talk when this is over."
With that he turned and walked out of the room leaving his heartbroken wife to finish getting ready.