Eddy walked back inside the hangar that had been repurposed to serve as the movie set for "Widow's Journey".
Standing in the very same spot, where 24 hours earlier, he had been forced to strip naked and masturbate in front of the entire cast and crew.
But today was a new day.
Lots of awkward smiles and eye contact as Eddy made his way to Marigold's trailer and knocked on the door.
"Come on in!" he heard Marigold say from the other side of the door. She had affected some accent that he was not familiar with.
The interior of the luxury trailer was exactly what you'd expect the Studio would provide to a big and very important movie star; super comfortable, state-of-the art and yet, very roomy and feng-shui.
Once inside, Marigold got up from her very expensive-yet-tasteful leather couch and gave Eddy a big hug. Marigold was dressed less formally than yesterday, wearing only socks and an oversized white t-shirt that barely covered her; the shirt's logo was from the play that got her her Tony award.
As they both sat down, Eddy appreciated the sight of her long, toned and tanned legs.Great thighs too.
"I know it's early, but do you want a hit?" and handed Eddy one of her old and less-prestigious awards that she had had turned into a bong.
Making a calculated risk and choosing his words carefully, Eddy said, "I don't usually smoke at all, let alone on the job, but it'd be rude to let you smoke alone, so sure." and then took a hit from the 2004 FAMILY VALUES ENTERTAINMENT award, handed it back to Marigold and said, "Thanks.".
After a moment of silence Marigold said, "So yesterday got pretty crazy, huh?" as if she hadn't coordinated the whole thing. She had a wide-eyed,can you believe that shit?!look on her face.
"Definitely not how I thought my movie career would start." and that made Marigold laugh/cough from her bong hit. Eddy than added, "But in all seriousness, I do appreciate the opportunity Ms. Whitney."
Putting her hand on his upper thigh, she said, "Please, call me Mari." adding, "I mean, our naked bodies will be rubbing against each other, so we SHOULD be on first name basis, right?"
Eddy said, "I'd like that, Mari." and they stared into each others eyes for a moment.
Breaking the moment, Mari said, "OK. I've got some script changes in mind. Your character, 'Lou', is an abusive piece of shit, but I want to make this story...not so much a love story, but really, more of a lust story, if that makes sense?"
Without waiting for Eddy's response, Mari continued, "Obviously, your role will be greatly expanded and that will seriously piss off all the 'Widow's Journey' hardcore fans, but who gives a fuck. Those books suck. Did you know that there's over a hundred different books? This garbage is actually a franchise!" rolling her eyes as she said this.
Eddy said nothing. His role being expanded was a pleasant surprise. Originally, in the first script sample that Eddy had been given, Lou was already dead at the start of the movie and was only around for a few flashback-scenes.
Whatever Mari was about to say was interrupted by a knock on her trailer door.
"Hey Mari, I got the items we discussed." Edith said from the other side of the door.
Mari's face transformed into a look of annoyance and then she said, "She's early." and then yelled, "Two minutes."
Giving her attention back to Eddy, Mari said, "Well, I was going to go into more detail on the script changes, specifically yours, but long story short, 'Lou' is no longer a garage mechanic, he's a male stripper now. It all ties into his anger with women."
Absorbing this and concealing his shock, Eddy said, "Male strippers dance. I don't know---"
Mari interrupted, "Oh, don't worry about that, I have a background in dance; I'll be working with you very closely in choreography." she said and then, exactly two minutes from when Edith had knocked, Mari let her in.
Carrying a few wardrobe hangers and bags, Edith hurricane-d her way into the trailer and she looked VERY different from when Eddy had last seen her, which was yesterday.
Edith was wearing a white, Japanese-style kimono, which was cut very, very short and was decorated with shamrocks, that were colored pink; the kimono didn't make sense on multiple levels. Additionally, Edith's hair was cut very short and was bleached white with pink highlights that matched her stylized kimono. Completing her look, were white stockings that went up to her upper-thighs and led down to her legs, which were wearing a pair of pink Doc Marten boots.
Edith started to say, "You wouldn't believe th-!" but then stopped when she noticed Eddy. "Big boy!" Edith exclaimed, dropped her hangers on the couch and gave Eddy a hug, her hands quickly sliding down his back to squeeze his ass.
Stepping back, she looked him over and said, "I almost didn't recognize you; I liked what you were wearing yesterday!" she joked, her eyes flirting mischievously with his. The last time she'd seen him, Eddy had been completely naked, desperately trying not to orgasm as her fingers danced around his hard cock under the pretense of "measuring" him for wardrobe..
Mari explained to Edith, "I was just telling Eddy that we'd changed Joe from a mechanic to a male stripper."
Edith nodded vigorously in agreement and said with a smile, "Oh absolutely and while I'm sure you'd look hot in a wife-beater and a pair of really, really, really tight jeans, it'd still be an absolute crime to cover up that sexy body of yours!" as she looked him over, up and down.
Picking up one of the hangers and tearing away the paper covering, Edith revealed what appeared (to Eddy) to be a very tiny bikini bottom and then said with a wide smile, "That's why you'll be wearing this! It's a g-string!".
Mari gave Eddy aWhat Do You Think?look. Eddy was speechless.
Edith then said, "Oh! This is perfect! You can try it on here!"
"Yes! You can change back there Eddy" Mari said, excitement in her eyes as she pointed towards the (surprisingly roomy) bathroom near the back of the trailer.
Still processing, Eddy went to change into his new "wardrobe".Maybe tomorrow, I can make it to lunch without having to strip naked for these pervs.
After getting completely undressed, Eddy put on the very skimpy g-string and looked at himself in the full mirror mounted on the inside door.
He did not like what he saw.
My buddies back home would give me all kinds of shit if they saw me in this. Especially Sheila.A few quick nude scenes was one thing, but the g-string made him feel more naked than being naked. Also, Eddy felt himself getting slightly aroused wearing it. Which was troubling to him.
A loud knock on the other side of the other side of the door startled Eddy out of his thoughts.
"How're we doin' in there Big Boy? Need some help tucking some things in?" Edith
asked from outside.
"One minute."Eddy replied and gathered his courage as he heard Edith walk away, her Doc Martens making loud 'klonking' sounds on the floor as she did so.
Eddy stepped out, naked except for his g-string and was immediately met with appreciative comments and catcalls from the two ladies as they approached him.
"Hubba-fucking-hubba!" Edith exclaimed as both ladies circled him.
Kneeling down in front of him, Mari stared directly at his g-string covered cock and said, "Oh my God, it's so skimpy! He looks so...naked!Seriously, Edith, you've really outdone yourself!"
Steadying herself by putting her hand on Eddy's left ass-cheek, Edith looked over from behind him and excitedly said, "You should see the view from here; the g-string really makes his tush pop!"
Walking behind him with her teasing fingertips trailing from his chest to his upper back, Mari commented, "Wow, you really do have a magnificent ass." Eddy could feel her eyes staring at it. He was rock hard.
Walking in front of him, Edith bent down and stared at Eddy's hard-on (which was stretching the front of his g-string) and playfully scolded, "uh-oh, looks like we have a situation here..."
Joining Edith, Mari's face took on a mixture of surprise and troubled as she saw Eddy's erection as it strained against the confines of his g-string.
Mari bit her lower lip as she continued to stare at Eddy's g-string covered cock.
After a minute of silence (and speaking more to herself than to Eddy & Edith), Mari said, "OK...so, in thecurrentscript, Lou is impotent, sothat(pointing at Eddy's cock) could be an issue.
After another awkward minute of silence, Edith seemed like she was going to say something (probably nothing helpful, just looking to break the silence, Eddy thought), but then Mari spoke.
"Alright...OK...So this can still work. We'll just say that Lou is impotent,except, when he's dancing on stage and we'll just leave it to the audience to figure out why that is. Problem-solved."
Talking to Edith, but still staring at Eddy's barely-concealed manhood (as was Edith), Mari continued, "In fact, it'd be a crime against womankind to not show off that beautiful cock!". Both ladies laughed and Eddy shifted uncomfortably under the gaze of the two ladies, his cock fully straining the g-string to its limits.
Giving Mari a mischievous look, Edith said, "Should we tell Eddy about the other thing..?"
What now?Eddy thought.
Pulling her gaze away from Eddy's cock, Mari's face, voice and whole demeanor took on a serious tone. "Eddy, Lou is a very rich character. A great role for you to explore. Lou's impotence and unresolved anger issues with women and sex leaves him very frustrated and on edge. To capture that essence, harness it and channel it into your performance, I'm going to have to insist that you remain celibate. Starting now and ending with our love scene or rather, lust scene."
"Okay..." Eddy said noncommittally, still trying to process what Mari was saying.
Looking into his eyes Mari said, "Do you understand what I'm saying Eddy? That means no sex of any kind, including jerking off."
"How long?"
"I don't know. Maybe a few weeks. Maybe longer."
Eddy was wavering and perhaps sensing this, Mari approached him."Eddy, this is your big chance. Don't screw it up now."
Eddy seemed at a loss for words, so Mari continued.
"So to help you stay in character, I had Edith create something special for you. Edith?"
Taking her cue, Edith started to rummage her bags, looking for something. After a minute, Edith was still going through her bags, mumbling to herself and hadn't found whatever she was looking for. This seemed to annoy Mari.
Breaking the awkward silence, Eddy said, "Can I get dressed now?"
Mari snapped, "No. In fact take off your g-string."
"Here?"
With an exasperated sigh and holding her fingers to her head like she was about to have a migraine, Mari said, "Yes. Here. right now."
Eddy took off his g-string, his hard cock now free, pointed slightly upward.
Noticing Eddy's hard-on, Edith stopped rummaging, smiled and said, "Well good morning to you too sweetie!", but then her demeanor abruptly changed.
"Oh yeah, that's not going to work." and then Edith reached into a random bag, pulled out an ice pack and handed it to Eddy as she said, "Hold this against your dingus."
Eddy slightly shivered as his cock reacted and subsided to the sudden coldness.
Just as Eddy became flaccid, Edith yelled, "I FOUND IT!" and then produced a contraption made out of leather and steel.
Eddy did not like the look of the thing and said, "What's that?"
Smiling, Edith said, "It's a cock-cage! Custom-made from my measurements to let your little friend grow to it's full potential, while keeping him from having too much fun."
Looking towards Mari, Edith continued, "There's also a built-in ball-separator. I know you didn't specifically ask for that, but I got inspired and I added it, free of charge."
Mari looked genuinely impressed and then said, "Fantastic work Edith. Let's put it on him."
Eddy had heard and had enough. Enough of walking into this studio every day and having his cock and his livelihood toyed with. "No. You're not putting that thing on me."
Mari jumped up (so fast that Eddy could see she wasn't wearing panties underneath that big shirt; she was clean-shaven) and exclaimed, "That's it! Use that frustration and anger. Channel it!" Mari was smiling, pure joy on her face.
Turning to Edith, Mari said, "Put in on him."
Eddy relented and to his embarrassment, found himself getting hard again as Edith's fingers worked his member through the metal and leather rings and laces.
Eddy grunted as Edith worked his balls through the ball-separator, closing the snaps.
When she was done, as his cock reached full-mast, Eddy found himself straining against the rings and leather laces, with the head of his cock being the only part of his manhood that was free and unrestrained.I don't think I'm going to get used to this.Eddy thought.
Finished, Edith stepped back and Mari asked, "So, how does it feel? And be honest."
As much as he didn't want to admit it, the cock-cage was turning him on; looking down and seeing his cock straining against it, feeling his balls separated, he felt simultaneously incredibly aroused and frustrated. He really needed to cum, which, for the immediate future, was not going to happen.
Eddy replied, "It doesn't hurt."
Edith said, "I think he likes it, but he's too shy to admit it." a mischievous smile on her face. She was right.
Stepping back and appraising his now-captive cock, Mari said, "Well you look seriously-fucking hot in it."
Stepping forward and kneeling down, Mari lightly ran her fingers along the underside of his shaft, fingertips brushing over the metal, laces and flesh. Eddy involuntarily grunted as his cock reacted to Mari's touch, straining against its new home.
Mari's was at face-level with Eddy's throbbing cock, studying it. Looking up at Eddy, her tongue extended and swirled over his sensitive head.
Eddy clenched his fists, grunted and said, "Fuck!" as Mar's tongue teased him. "if you don't knock that shit off, I'm going to---"
Mari stopped and said, "Don't cum. If you do, everything is over. This all goes away." and then fluttered her tongue over the tip of Eddy's cock, making him squirm.
For what seemed like an eternity to Eddy, he stood there and endured the feel of Mari's fingertips, lips and tongue on his shaft.
Looking up at him, her fingertips caressing his balls, separated in the cock cage, Mari said, "Eddy, when we do our big sex scene, it's going to be intense and fantastic; we're actually going to fuck. All of this will have been worth it.."
Greatly aroused and irritated, Eddy relied, "It's one thing to pull this shit in your private trailer, but do you really think the studio's intimacy-coordinator will sign off on us actually fucking on camera, in front of the cast and crew?"
Marigold's demeanor changed. "Did you just say Intimacy coordinator? INTIMACY COORDINATOR?!"
Eddy realized he had hit a nerve. Edith had a terrified look on her face and, motionless and silent, tried to fade into the background.
Pacing around the trailer, Marigold said, "Look, in case you hadn't noticed, we're not in Hollywood anymore Dorothy, we're in Sierra-fucking-Diabla; it's like the wild west except with competitive tax credits and the complete absence of unions!"
As she moved, her strong tan thighs and legs peeked out from under her shirt and the sight of this made his cock continue to struggle against its prison.
"So no, there will NOT be an intimacy coordinator. I swear, you millennials..." Marigold said as she shook her head in disbelief.
Pulling a chair into the center of the trailer, Marigold looked at Eddy and instructed, "Get your ass, your perfect sculpted ass, into that chair."
Eddy sat in the chair, his cock straining upwards, desperate to be free and to be touched.
Staring down Eddy, Mari took off her oversized t-shirt, now completely nude, tanned, toned and with perfect 33b tits; the sight of her causing Eddy to grimace as his cock continued to strain against its cage, pre-cum oozing from the tip and down his shaft.
Mari straddled him and Eddy gripped the sides of his chair as he felt her nipples rubbing against his chest and his imprisoned cock rub against the cheeks of her tight bare ass.
Leaning forward, Mari began to kiss Eddy's face as her tits rubbed against his chest, her ass continuing to rub against his throbbing cock.
Continuing to tease him, Mari sensuously whispered in his ear, "Eddy, when we fuck, and we WILL fuck, it's going to be epic and magical and captured on film for all the world to see. Movie audiences will will be carried away by our ecstasy. We'll probably make back our budget from opening weekend grosses. Assuming, of course, that we open on a Wednesday."
Struggling to control himself, Eddy said, "I think---"
Still whispering in his ear, Mari interrupted, "Don't even think of cumming." and then reached behind her to caress Eddy's imprisoned cock, her fingers rubbing the head of it against the cheeks of her ass and between them.
"Fuck!" Eddy gasped and thought,I can't take much more of this!
Pressing herself forward against him, Mari whispered, "If you cum, you're finished." as she continued to manually rub his cock against her ass.
"This all goes away and I will re-cast you. We haven't started filming yet, the studio won't give a fuck if I fire a nobody like you, not that it would matter if they did." Mari said, now rubbing the head of Eddy's cock against the lips of her moist pussy.
As Eddy struggled not to thrust himself inside of her, Mari taunted, "So what do you think your intimacy-coordinator would think about this? as Eddy's cock glistened from pre-cum and the moisture of Mari's pussy.
Abruptly standing up, Mari said, "OK gang, great staff meeting, I think we really bonded. Now both of you, get the fuck out of my trailer."
Eddy had been so focused on not orgasming, he'd completely forgotten that Edith was there.
As Edith quickly began to awkwardly and quickly grab her many bags and wardrobe hangers, Eddy started to go back to the bathroom to get his clothes but stopped when Marigold said, "What part of get the fuck out of my trailer didn't you understand?"
"I need to get dressed first." Eddy said, keeping his temper.
Marigold walked back to the bathroom, came back carrying Eddy's clothes, opened the trailer door and threw them out.
"OUT!"
Eddy & Edith left the trailer and the door slammed shut behind them.
Looking around, Eddy was relieved to see that there was no one else around as he collected his clothes from the floor, still recovering and trying to process what had just happened.
Would love to have one day where I'm not leaving this place naked, humiliated and sexually-frustratedEddy thought as he tried to negotiate getting dressed around his cock cage.
Still organizing her bags, Edith said to him, "Holy shit, that was really hot! I'm so horny now, I'm going to have to get one of these key-grips to fuck me!"
The trailer door opened, Mari Peeked her head out, she was smiling calm and pleasant as she said, "I almost forgot, we have choreography tomorrow at 6 AM. See you then!"
NEXT: Part 3: Choreography.