This story is about a date night my wife and I had for our 7th wedding anniversary 45 years ago. We had planned it for weeks, although it was just going to be dinner at our favorite restaurant. The restaurant in question was located above the terminal at a nearby city airport overlooking Lake Erie. It was a very nice place, with excellent food, and a spectacular view of the lake.
On the Saturday night of our anniversary week we were going to drop our two sons at my parents home to spend the night, so we would have all evening to celebrate. As I busied myself dressing for the night, my wife dressed in secrecy, not letting me know what she was going to wear. When she emerged from our bedroom I was stunned at how amazing she looked.
My beautiful wife Sherry is short at just 5'1" with a very curvy figure. With her pretty face and rather large (36-D) breasts she attracted attention from men wherever we happened to be. I had always encouraged her to dress just a little sexy, because I loved the looks she drew from other men. She always complained about dressing that way, because she was shy, and a little self conscious of her body. But sometimes and not often, just to please me, she would wear a dress that was a little extra short, or showed some of her abundant cleavage.
Tonight she looked amazing and had dressed to impress anyone who cared to look at her. She had styled her hair, applied just the right amount of makeup to her pretty face, but what she wore was what drew my attention. As she stood before me I took in the sexy red dress.
It had a deep V neck that was open to well below the bottom of her breasts, where it came together just above her waist. From there it flared over her hips and extended to about 6 inches above her knees, showing off a lot of her tanned thighs and calves. As she spun around I noticed that the back was also open in a deep V almost to her waist also. On her feet she wore matching red heels. She hated to wear heels because they were uncomfortable, but they helped to make her 5'1" frame look much taller. I told her over and over how beautiful and sexy she looked, and how proud I was that she was my wife.
As I took in the sight she explained that she was going to have to pin the V together a little higher up. Because of the way the front gaped open, and with the low cut back, she could not wear a bra, and she said, she was exposing way too much of her breasts. She stated she was not going to show her breasts to everyone in the restaurant. I almost begged her to not pin it together, but she said we can't drop off the kids at your mom's place with my boobs hanging out. She did have a point, modesty does have its place.
With her dress pinned together we loaded the kids and all their overnight things into the car, and headed to my parents house. After saying goodbye to everyone and getting back in the car we were off to the restaurant and our night of celebration. Our old Pontiac had a bench seat, so she slid over next to me and my arm went around her shoulders. I kept praising her about how sexy she looked, and how much sexier she would look if she took the pin out of the front of her dress. She didn't say much about it as I drove, so I thought there was only a slight chance she would actually take out the pin.
After the 30 minute drive we arrived at the airport and parked the car. Before sliding across the seat to get out, she carefully took the safety pin out of her dress. She looked into my eyes and asked if this was what I wanted her to do? With the pin out, and her sitting back in the seat, I could now plainly see her breast all the way to the curve at the bottom, and when she turned to face me I caught a glimpse of her nipple. Yes I told her, that is exactly what I wanted her to do.
I went to the passenger side of the car and opened the door and helped her out while taking in the view, not just of her breasts but her legs also as the dress rode up almost to her panties while exiting the car. I don't remember her ever being dressed so sexy in public, and I suggested to her that we should just get in the back seat and make love right then. That did not go over real well.
It was a beautiful, warm, June evening as we walked across the parking lot. I watched as her hips swayed and her boobs jiggled under her dress with each step. It was clear to see that she wasn't encumbered by a bra, and I felt the beginnings of an erection, and what I hoped would be an exciting night. I felt lucky to have this sexy woman as my wife, and I told her so.
As we walked through the airport terminal hand in hand, I noticed many business men hustling by, taking notice of Sherry, one or two actually doing a double take and openly staring at her. I couldn't have been more proud to have this stunning woman at my side, especially the way she was dressed tonight.
We rode the escalator to the top floor where the restaurant is located, and the hostess led us to a cozy window table overlooking the lake. She assured us our waiter would be along shortly to take our drink order. As we sat across from each other, I could barely hide my glee that we would be served by a male waiter. With the early evening light coming through the window glass, Sherry looked stunning, and her breasts were on full display. Every slight movement by her opened the top of her dress, and I was sure when the waiter stood next to our table he would get an excellent view.
When the young, good looking waiter approached our table he stood more to Sherry's side, probably because of how she was dressed. I watched as his eyes were diverted to the sight of her breasts, he asked with a smile what we would have to drink. Sherry was not much of a drinker, but for this special occasion she did order a drink. I thought that a drink may loosen her up a little, and make her a little less self conscious about showing off her breasts. After all, she had taken out the pin, much to my surprise.
After he walked away, Sherry asked me if I thought he was looking at her breasts. My response was that I was sure he was, because if I was him, I would have looked. With my answer she blushed a cute shade of pink, and tried to arrange her dress to cover more of her chest, but try as she might it was a lost cause without putting the safety pin back in place. I told her she would probably never see him again and to just relax and let the guy enjoy the show.
When the waiter returned with our drinks he paid a lot of attention to Sherry, and she even kind of flirted with him a little while looking into his eyes. While we waited for our dinner to be served we talked and enjoyed the view of pleasure boats on Lake Erie. I asked Sherry if she was getting turned on with our young cute waiter ogling her boobs. Her face turned a bright pink again as she whispered "Yes, a little," she then asked me if I was enjoying her embarrassment and did it turn me on. With a smile I confessed that it did turn me on and yes, I had been half hard since he first came to our table.
Our waiter returned and asked if we wanted another drink so I ordered another for each of us, although she had not finished half of hers yet. When he walked away she whispered that he had been looking down the top of her dress, and she had purposely turned so he could get a better view. I asked if she was turned on and she replied yes, even more than before. I think her drink was having a positive effect on her and I told her I was hard and couldn't wait to get her home at the end of the evening.
Our dinner was served and our waiter kept returning to ask if we needed anything, but I know he just wanted another look at Sherry's boobs. He asked her if she wanted another drink, but she told him with a smile that two was probably one too many. I told Sherry we have never had such good service from the waiting staff anywhere in the past. She admitted that the last time he was at our table she had turned in such a way that she was sure that at least one of her nipples was exposed to his view, and that she was very turned on and pretty wet.
When we were finished with dinner and had our dessert and coffee, the waiter brought the check. I watched as Sherry twisted in her seat and leaned forward to afford him one last view of her breasts. As the two of them talked and laughed, his eyes never left her breasts and her eyes never left his. After two drinks she was almost openly flirting with him and thanked him for such good service. He said no, thank you both for being such friendly customers.
As we walked out I had thoughts of fucking my beautiful wife in the car in the airport parking lot, as I didn't know if I could wait till we got home. As soon as we were in the car Sherry slid over close to me and we were all over each other, kissing and talking about what a sexy, hot evening it had been so far. I had to abandon the idea of sex in the parking lot, it was too well lit and there were too many people around. I didn't want us to get arrested on our anniversary.
Heading home I had another idea. The car needed gas, (this was back in the day of full service gas stations, where the attendant would pump your gas and clean the windshield) so I decided to see if I could show her off a little more. She was still sitting next to me with her shoes off and her legs sort of tucked under her, sitting sideways facing me. Because of her position, and the fact that the two drinks had really affected her, her dress was covering only the very top few inches of her thighs.
I had been rubbing her legs and playing with her boobs since we left the airport, and we were both still turned on. I had managed to slip both shoulder straps of her dress partially off her shoulders to gain easier access to her boobs. At a traffic light just before turning into the gas station I slipped the right strap down to her elbow, exposing her right breast almost to her nipple. The drinks were working as she paid no attention to her almost bare breasts.
I pulled into the station and when the attendant approached my window I asked him to fill the car. Standing outside the driver's door he could see her legs and torso, but she couldn't see him taking in the view of her legs and breasts. Once he started the gas pump he came around to the front to clean the windshield. Again she paid no attention to the attendant as he cleaned the windshield and took in the view of her legs and breasts.
I thought my cock would burst from the enormous erection I had from showing off my wife. She seemed to be oblivious to the attendant who must have spent five minutes cleaning that windshield, all the while enjoying the show. Sherry then reached behind her with her right hand to get something out of her purse, and the cloth of her shoulder strap moved and exposed her hard nipple for a few seconds. I was so turned on I thought I could come right there, but, thankfully I didn't.
After paying for the gas and pulling out onto the main street Sherry asked if I had enjoyed the show she had put on for the station attendant. Yes she said, she had done it on purpose just to turn me on. She said she knew he could see her thighs almost to her panties, most of her boobs and her nipple for just a few seconds. She then reached for my cock to find it hard as a rock, and she said, I guess you did enjoy it.
That was it, I made a turn onto the first side street and pulled to the curb at the first open parking spot. I paid no attention to the fact that we were parked under a street light, turned off the car and took her into my arms. As we kissed I slid the shoulder straps off her arms so she was nude to the waist. With the street light shining through the windshield, giving me an excellent view (and anyone who happened to walk by) of her bare breasts. We made out like teenagers.
After kissing and caressing her hard nipples I slipped my hand inside her panties to find her soaking wet. I played with her hard clit and slipped first one, then two fingers into her wet pussy. She moaned as I fingered her pussy and sucked her hard nipples, as my cock grew harder and harder.
I moved to the passenger seat and slid my slacks and briefs to the floor as Sherry pulled off her panties. In a quick maneuver she straddled me and I sank into her to the hilt, in one slow thrust. Caressing her breasts and hard nipples had made me hard as a rock, and made her as wet and as slick as I could ever remember. After a night of teasing the waiter, the station attendant, and me, we were both so ready for this that it only took a few minutes for us both to reach an orgasm. I think that was the hardest I had come in a long, long time.
After a few minutes to recover, Sherry slid off me, I pulled up my slacks and we moved back to our original seating arrangement. Sherry didn't bother putting her panties back on because we had already decided to resume our antics once we were home in the safety of our bedroom. It was a very arousing, sexy night that we will both remember for the rest of our lives.
Thanks for reading and please vote, comment, or send a message.