I just realized I never described myself or Kenny in my first adventure, and I've got to admit there's a reason for that. I can't stand describing myself. I know I'll either seem like I'm bragging or complaining, and I don't want to do either. I'm okay with how I look, and lots of guys think I'm okay, too. Objectively, I'm 5'2" and 110 pounds - obviously not the tall, slim, model type. I have some curves, and I work hard to keep them in the right places. I'm 28 years old, with dark brown hair and brown eyes. No tattoos and only pierced ears. When I look at myself naked, I'm still okay with it, but I really like my boobs. Kenny says they're each a perfect handful, just like me, and they have nice upward thrusting nipples in the middle of soft, puffy, brown areolas.
Kenny's 30 years old, 6'2", 210 pounds of lean muscle. He's got dark hair he wears a little long, and he's incredibly handsome (in my humble opinion). His eyes are gray, but they change in shade from light to dark, depending on his mood. His best feature is his dick, which is another big, lean muscle, just like the rest of him. It's so long and thick, I can barely get it in my mouth, but I practice all the time.
Kenny decided our next show would be the classic pizza dare, but he wouldn't say when. Knowing what I was going to be doing put a delicious nervousness down in the pit of my stomach -- and lower, too. It was building for a few days, until he came home from work yesterday and said, "Let's order pizza tonight."
When I made a little squeak of fear he said, "Come on, after the shoe store, this should be easy."
Yeah, easy for him. The nervousness was suddenly in my throat.
Kenny wanted to set up a camera and microphone to record my nude encounter, so he spent the next 45 minutes testing out different angles and placements. At the same time, he was telling me what my "costume" would be, when and how I would lose it, where to stand, where to put the pizza, where to get the money to pay, and what to say. Just hearing him describe it was working me up to a state of delirious anticipation. I guess that's what I wanted, and I was getting it good.
Kenny had me call the pizza place and order a large sausage and pepper pizza. They said it would be about 20 minutes, which was scary right there. I was so nervous, I didn't know how I could last another 20 minutes. It felt like I was melting into a big puddle of love juice.
Kenny told me to go into the bedroom and take off all my clothes. I felt a little awkward when I came back out to the living room. We live on a quiet street, but there are other houses that can see in our living room windows. Those people are our neighbors, and here I was parading around nude. Then I realized how silly that was. I was about to expose myself to the pizza boy, which meant that news of my new found freedom would soon spread to every male adolescent in town, and I was worrying about 1 or 2 spying neighbors? That line of thinking didn't make me feel better, it put me in a complete panic. The only way I could do it was at Kenny's command, but if I had that, I would do it. That was the only way.
Kenny gave me a towel that was a little bigger than a hand towel, but not as big as a bath towel. He told me to wrap it around me as best I could to hide my tits and pussy and ass. I tried it a few ways and soon realized I could cover two out of three, but never all three at the same time. I opted for holding it up to my boobs and letting it fall over my pussy. Of course, that left nothing in back. If I turned around, my butt would be in plain sight. Oh well.
When the doorbell rang, I felt a warm gush in my pussy. Oh my god! Was I going to leak all over myself in front of this guy. I didn't think I could handle it. I went to the door dizzy with fear and excitement, and clutching the towel to my breasts, I opened it.
"Pizza for..." he started to say until he saw my costume, or lack thereof. "Ah... ah..." was all he could say after that. He was a big kid in jeans and the pizza company's T-shirt. He was about Kenny's height, but all soft baby fat, even his face, which had gone blank with shock.
His reaction gave me courage. "Large sausage and pepper?" I asked brightly.
His eyes were riveted to my body, but he tore them away to look at the slip. "Uh, yeah."
"Great," I said. This was the moment of truth, and I was so up for it. I reached out to take the pizza from him and my towel fell to the floor. I was completely nude before this stranger and it felt like I was flying.
"Oh my," I said with mock embarrassment, but I took the pizza instead of picking up the towel. I went to the sideboard just a few feet from the door and put the pizza there. Then, just as Kenny had told me, I went back to the door, facing him, full frontal. "Do I need to sign something?" I asked, still not picking up the towel.
"Um, uh, yeah." His eyes were busy flipping back and forth from my pussy to my tits, but he managed to hand me his little clipboard.
I signed. "Let's see, $12.99. Okay. I'll be right back." I went to the sideboard and rooted through my purse, making sure my cute butt got equal time. I finally found my wallet and extracted three $5s.
"You keep the change," I said when I went back to the door and handed it to him.
"Thanks." Without looking at them, he stuffed the bills in his pocket. He was trying to be cool, but his eyes could not stop bouncing back to my private parts. He made no move to leave.
"Well, good night," I said, suggesting that the encounter was over.
"Oh, yeah. Good night, and thanks for uh... everything." He finally turned and walked down our front walk, back to his car in the driveway.
I closed the door and my legs turned to jelly. I fell down on my butt and leaned back against the door, laughing and gasping for breath. "Oh my god," I said when I could breathe. "Oh my god. Oh my god. Kenny, did you get that? Did you get the video?"
He said, "I think so, babe. I think so."
We watched it four times before we got so horny we had to take a break and fuck our brains out. Then we watched it three more times and fucked again. We spent the rest of the night looking at exhibitionist sites, looking for ideas that we're going to try out real soon.