Author's Note:
For the sake of clarity, Alex's scenes all take place the Friday before both Sam and Dane's.
My Sister Made Me
Chapter 21
Sam
Everything seemed to move in a haze around her. She could still hear the other three in the room with her talking, though she wasn't focused on what they were saying. The revelation of what had happened earlier that evening was the only thing on her mind.
"Fuck."
She'd thought that the words were only in her mind, but she was suddenly very aware of the fact that the conversation had ceased.
"Everything okay?" Kara asked.
Sam jolted back to the present, then turned and nodded automatically.
"You sure?"
She knew that she had to think fast and get out of there to find a place to properly freak the fuck out without worrying anyone.
"Hmm? Oh... yeah," she said, making a show of being distracted. "I just... it's later than I realized. I better get home."
She stood, and felt herself answering Kara automatically, as if something inside her knew that she needed help in that moment and had simply taken over. The next conscious thought she had was sitting in her car in front of her house.
She could remember thanking Kara as Duncan and Kelly disappeared into the bathroom and could still hear the details of the conversation if she thought about it. She remembered driving home, but it was like... she wasn't aware of it happening at the time.
She turned her car off, wondering how long she'd been sitting there with it running. Climbing out, she walked toward the house, unable to process or think about anything other than getting inside to the safety of her room.
Thankfully, no one was around when she walked through the door, nor did she see anyone on her trip up the stairs. She shut the door and locked it, then stripped down naked and climbed into bed.
Finally, under the imagined safety of her sheets and blankets, she settled in and waited for the inevitable breakdown.
And waited.
She sat up, confused. Turning, she kicked her feet off the edge of the bed and began to wonder if there was something mentally wrong with her. Had she just gone into shock and didn't realize it?
She looked up, seeing the outline of herself in the mirror across the room. She squinted, trying to focus before finally standing and walking towards it.
She saw herself, standing naked and with a curious, almost resigned expression on her face.
Had she just had so much trauma and drama in her life that she'd grown immune to it? Was she in some sort of complete emotional breakdown?
The blonde staring back at her seemed tired, but otherwise fine.
"Why aren't you freaking out?"
The image in the mirror didn't respond.
"You... you know what happened. What you did..."
Again, it didn't offer any new answers.
She frowned, confused and wondering if she'd just finally lost her mind.
"I'm just tired," she told herself. She looked back up at the mirror again. "You had a long week and you're just exhausted, mentally and physically."
She began to notice how dirty she felt in that moment. Not like... naughty, or skanky, but just dirty. It was like she'd just gotten off of a double shift at work.
"Shower. Go take a shower and then you can sleep, and deal with all this other stuff later."
That had to be it, right? Her mind and body wouldn't let her deal with it right then because she physically couldn't.
Right?
She turned, heading to the door of her room and unlocking it, then walking straight toward the bathroom. Shutting it behind her, she turned on the water and paused to wait for it to warm up.
She frowned, suddenly feeling filthier than she had just moments before while standing in her room. She looked down and half-expected to see her body covered in garbage and slime or possibly blood and viscera.
She didn't though and sighed hard as she shook her head and closed her eyes. Standing there, she eventually reached in and felt the water temperature. Satisfied that it was suitably hot, she turned, stepping in and sighing as the warmth caressed her skin. Briefly facing the other direction, she started to pull the shower door closed, but paused when she caught her reflection again.
For a moment, it looked like there tears coming from her eyes. That couldn't be right. She wasn't crying. She reached up, feeling her cheeks and confirmed that they were wet and it wasn't from the shower. She looked back in the mirror and saw that they were still there, falling slowly from both eyes.
Shewascrying!
She looked down, tears starting to flow much more freely. She felt an aching inside, humiliation, shame, embarrassment all balled up into a knot in her stomach. Covering her face once she saw the emotions in the reflection staring back, she backed up into the shower and slowly sank down to the floor.
Great sobs wracked her body, her shoulders shaking with each one. On and on, she wept. And on... and on...
But then, she simply stopped, as if she had run out of tears. Her body ached and she felt exhausted, but she'd stopped. The water she'd been standing under was freezing, though she hadn't really noticed, at least until the crying had ceased.
Stepping out, she took a deep breath and spent a few minutes toweling off and avoiding looking at herself in the mirror. Once she was relatively dry, she dropped the towel and went to her room. Halfway there she realized that she was totally naked, though the thought barely slowed her methodically plodding.
Not bothering to shut her door, she collapsed in bed and halfheartedly covered herself with a blanket. Sleep came quickly.
***
She awoke later that evening after a monster of a nap and had to spend a few minutes getting her bearings. She couldn't figure out what time, or even what day it was without finally checking her phone. Sliding from her bed, she looked over and saw that her door was still open. She considered closing it, but then rolled her eyes and started to go about getting dressed. What was the point of modesty? She'd...
She scowled in irritation, then shook her head. "No," she mumbled. "No." It would go away if she just didn't think about it or do anything to anyone. People were just going to have to learn to leave her alone.
"Shutting the door might help with that, genius," she said to the emptiness of her room.
Sighing, she stepped over to the dresser and grabbed the first pair of underwear she could reach, then slid them on. A nearby shirt joined the panties, and she took a look at herself in the mirror, instantly satisfied that she was sufficiently covered.
I didn't matter if she were dressed or naked, honestly. She'd find a way to fuck everything in her life up regardless.
As she stared, she saw the haggard, exhausted look in her eyes. "Fuck you," she told the girl in the mirror, Sam or Samantha, whoever it was. The image didn't say anything back, it just looked at her, an image of sadness staring back. Turning, she headed for the door as her stomach started to rumble.
Downstairs, she was thankful to find that her mother was occupied in her bedroom with something, and her father was likely working. He was out somewhere and not home, and that was the important thing.
With much irritation, she angrily made herself a sandwich and hastily grabbed a soda from the fridge along with a bag of chips, then promptly disappeared back upstairs, stomping up every single step. After finishing her sandwich made out of rage and spite, she crawled back in bed and stared at the ceiling, wallowing in self-pity and self-loathing. More than once she swore at the empty room and herself, hating everything and wondering just what the fuck she was going to do to fuck her life up even more.
Still, even though she was existing on anger and irritation, she was glad that she was being left alone. Lucky for her family that they didn't seem to be there since she'd probably try to fuck them too.
Hours passed by as she spat her seemingly endless well of fury at nothing, staring holes into the ceiling of her bedroom and wracking her mind to try and figure out what to do to fix this unfixable situation.
"I'm just going to lose my fucking mind," she said loudly.
"Well, that sounds fun," a voice at the door muttered. "I was thinking about something else, though."
Sam sat up, her head whipping around to see who was there. She scowled, rolling her eyes and flopped back down.
"Well, hi to you too," Toni said, the soft padding of her bare feet coming closer as Sam tried to ignore her. "What's got you all pissy?"
"Leave me... the fuck... alone," Sam snarled venomously. It was the first time she could recall ever being deliberately mean to Toni.
"No," Toni said, curiously unfazed. "What crawled up your twat and died?"
Sam sighed but didn't answer. Toni was relatively patient, though, and seemed determined to wait her out. After a minute or so of silence, Sam looked down at her little sister and scowled, then laid her head back down.
"Are you 'PMSing' or something?" Toni asked. "I mean, you got some dick the other day."
Sam ignored her but could feel her little sister staring holes into her back.
"'Thanks Toni!'," Toni mocked. "You're welcome, grump-ass! Did you enjoy fuckingmyboyfriend? 'Oh, that's right! It wasyourboyfriend! Thanks again Toni!'."
Sam continued to sulk angrily, ignoring her as best she could.
"I was coming in to see if you wanted me to invite Wade over again, but I can see that you're hell bent on being a witch, so I guess I'll just come back when you're done cooking fat little children, Esmerelda."
Sam finally cracked, sighing deeply and covering her face. Tears started to flow again, and Toni fell silent.
"Sam, what's going on with you?" Toni asked after a minute or so of silence. "Come on, I know I'm not anyone you ever confide in, but I'm your sister goddamnit!"
Sam sighed, sitting up but not looking at. How... how could she possibly evenbeginto explain what the hell she'd done. There just wasn't... she couldn't...
"It's too soon for you to be pregnant, unless someone else got you..." Toni began. "Holy shit, you're pregnant, aren't you! Is it Keith's? Am I the father? Are you having twins? OH MY GOD IT'S TRIPLETS! We're gonna be parents you and I!"
"I'm not fucking pregnant you lunatic!" Sam spat.
"Oooookay!" Toni said, raising her hands up. "I was just trying to crack your heinous bitch shell."
Another uncomfortable silence passed between the siblings before one of them spoke again.
"Do I need to go get mom and dad?" Toni asked. "Or maybe..."
"No!" Sam snapped. "I'm fucking fine."
"You're not fucking fine," Toni snapped back. "I don't know why you're set on being such a raging bitch, but I've been nothing but a saint to you!"
Toni finally stood, turning and stomping for the door.
"Wait," Sam said weakly, tearing up again.
Toni halted mid-step, then slowly turned. "What, you want to stab me now or something?"
"Toni..." Sam moaned.
With a frown and a sigh, Toni went back over and sat down behind Sam, her arms going around her and pulling her tight.
"Just... tell me what's wrong," Toni said. "I can't help if I don't know what's going on."
Sam shook her head, then turned and flopped it down onto Toni's neck, clutching at her as if she were a child again. To her credit, Toni did her best to comfort her despite not having a clue what was wrong.
"Shh," she said again and again, stroking Sam's hair.
Eventually Sam lifted her head again, but then started crying when she looked into Toni's mildly impatient, curious expression.
"Do I just need to leave you alone?" she asked at length.
"No," Sam said, surprising herself. "I... can't tell you what's wrong. I just... I can't. Just... don't leave me."
Toni sighed hard, obviously irritated but didn't move.
"Well, come here then," she said.
She moved back to lay on the bed, kicking the blankets away and holding one arm open for Sam to join her.
She did so without hesitation, sighing sadly as she snuggled up close to her youngest sibling. For a good hour, the two lay there, not talking and just relaxing as Toni stroked Sam's long blonde hair. Eventually, Toni broke the silence.
"I know you don't want to talk about it, but... can I ask a question?"
Sam wasn't going to tell her anything, but she shrugged, knowing that it was pointless to tell Toni "no" when she was just going to ask anyway.
"Is this about Wade and I? Cuz I won't..."
"No," Sam said quickly, shaking her head. "You guys were fine."
"Gee thanks," Toni said deadpanned.
Sam sighed, lifting her head and scowling. "You know what I mean."
"I'm just trying to lighten the mood, and since you won't let me call my fella over here to give you some of his meat rod, I was trying to use humor."
"Thanks for telling me," Sam said, resting her chin on Toni's chest.
"You see how that was humor there too?" Toni asked.
She stared up at her little sister for a few seconds, but then averted her gaze and turned her head.
"Those were some serious stares," Toni said. "I think someone may have a thing for little old me."
"God," Sam muttered, looking up again.
Toni giggled in response.
"Can't I just be grumpy without people trying to fix me?" Sam muttered.
"Uhh no," Toni replied. "We all love you too much. Besides, it's not my fault that you want me so badly."
Sam rolled her eyes and sat up, drawing snickers from Toni.
"I saw how you were staring at my pussy the other day," Toni said. "Wade was fucking me and you looked like you wanted to just... eat me all up."
Sam sighed, shaking her head and closing her eyes. "Toni..." she protested.
"You were about half a second away from doing it by my guess."
"Stop it," Sam said, averting her gaze as her heart beat a little faster. "Just stop it."
Toni snickered again.
"I'm just kidding Sam," she said. "I'll leave you alone so you can brood all by yourself, okay?"
She nodded, sliding down to the end of the bed while Toni got out of it. Stepping around, the younger sibling paused and hugged Sam a final time, then gently drew her face up a single finger.
"I'm here for you, okay?" Toni said softly. "Whatever you need."
Sam's heart pounded again, harder this time.
Toni leaned in and kissed her on the forehead, but Sam was already standing and soon had her lips pushing against Toni's. Her tongue pushed into her little sister's mouth, finding her own there ready and eager to play.
Sam's hand slid down into Toni's panties, finding exactly what it had been looking for. Deftly, she slid it inside and pumped a single time causing Toni to gasp in surprise. The noise snapped Sam back to reality. She clambered back up onto the bed and scrambled up behind the pillows, shaking her head.
"Goddamnit!" she yelled.
"Sam... calm down!" Toni said, trying to sound soothing.
"Fuck!" she yelled. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
"Jesus... Christ! Sam!"
"FUCK!" Sam screeched at the top of her lungs, then scrambled out of the bedroom and down the hall, slamming the bathroom door and locking it.
Several minutes of door knocks and concerned calls went unanswered, Sam sitting in a heap in front of the door and rocking back and forth.
*****
Alex
Thursday night
Bryce stared hard at her with no hint of amusement on his face. She kept twirling her arms in a mock show of innocence even though her heart was pounding.
The little voice in her head kept saying, "I'm in trouble!" in a little kid's voice.
She chanced a look behind her when she heard Dex's footsteps growing quieter. She saw him round the corner out of sight and turned to smirk provocatively at her boyfriend.
"Don't give me that 'but, I'm innocent Bryce' look," he said, scowling at her.
"But Iaminnocent, Bryce," she said, giving him her best attempt to look like she was.
"Bull...shit!" he said, rolling his eyes. "I've got half a mind to put you over my knee young lady."
"Mmm, daddy gonna spank me?" she asked, still maintaining the look.
"More like fuck your goddamn, delicious... rotten little brains out," he said, yanking her up to him with a quick move of his arm.
He briefly grinned at her before leaning in to kiss her, but she shook her head and backed up again, only to be yanked back.
"I just swallowed another guy, baby," she said mischievously, her look of innocence morphing into one of playfulness.
"Goddamnit," he said, frowning at her. "You are the most... infuriating... sexy..."
Alex giggled at him, swinging her arms again.
He continued to glare at her, shaking his head.
"You're so fucking in love with me right now," she stated matter-of-factly.
"Fucking duh," he said, yanking her back up to him and groaning when he hesitated in the middle of another almost-kiss. "We're going out tomorrow. You're going to look amazing, and I'm going to spoil you fucking rotten."
"You better," she said, sliding out of his grasp, only to be yanked right back with a gasp of pleasure and surprise.
"If it didn't mean you getting fired, I'd rail you right here. You realize that, right? I still might."
She giggled, nodding at him. "Something tells me that all my fun tonight was successful."
He guffawed for a quick moment. "Are you fucking crazy? Hell yes. I'm so goddamn turned on I might actually have to go and find some dumb slut to fuck like you keep telling me to."
"Good," Alex said, smiling at him. "Tell when you do and I'll come over and join you, baby."
"Jesus fucking Christ," he said, shaking his head. "I fuckin'..."
He stammered something else and finally let her go, stepping past her but then stopping again.
"I promise to look incredible for you tomorrow," she said, resuming her innocent little wiggling. "And you can dowhateveryou want to me."
He stood there for a few more seconds before shaking his head.
"God... dammit, I fucking love you," he said, turning and immediately leaving the bar. "Fucking hell!" she heard him yell out a few seconds later, causing her to giggle happily.
With a smile to herself, Alex turned and started on her closing duties. She didn't have too much to do, and after finishing up and checking to make sure she hadn't forgotten anything, she went to the office and poked her head in.
Tracy looked up and smiled. "All finished?" she asked. "With closing, I mean."
Alex smiled. "Yep. Feel free to schedule me whenever you guys need me in there."
Something about the older woman's smile made her wonder if she'd actually watched the impromptu blowjob and Alex just hadn't seen her. She didn't want to get in trouble if she'd misread the whole situation, though, and quietly suppressed the urge.
"I'll see you Saturday," she said, turning and heading for the door. Pausing at the exit to the manager's office, she sighed, turning and looking back. She had to know.
Tracy looked up, her smile growing.
"Youwerewatching, weren't you!"
The middle-aged woman blushed, shrugging noncommittally.
"How?" Alex asked, walking back over. "I looked after I was done. You weren't out there!"
Tracy looked up and gave her a look for confusion. "Cameras," she said, cocking her thumb over her shoulder and indicating the computer screen behind her.
Alex slowly closed her eyes and covered her face. "Right. I'd heard that they were broken."
Tracy snickered, though she continued to blush and didn't seem to want to elaborate.
"Well, I'm assuming you liked the show?"
The manager didn't say anything, only managing to blush even more.
"Traaacy," Alex sang.
"No comment," Tracy said. "I uh... I'll see you Saturday."
"Aww, don't be that way," Alex said. "Did you enjoy the show?"
Tracy continued to maintain her silence but did look up and back down a few times.
"Ooh, you did, you baaaaaad girl," Alex cooed.
"God, you and Jessie are ridiculous," she said, finally standing and walking over to the safe and kneeling down.
"I'm just happy that you enjoyed my fun," Alex said. "I hope I don't get in trouble."
Tracy didn't respond, and Alex quickly figured that the odd older woman was uncomfortable. Tired and already spent, she decided to leave it alone for the time being.
"Alright, well, I'll talk to you soon," she said, turning and heading for the door. She paused a final time when she reached it, but Tracy was still doing her best to ignore her.
Snickering, Alex left the office to head home and crash.
***
Alex thought about skipping class the next day but knew better than that. Still, she was antsy to get back home and rest up before the evening of fun before her that was sure to be had.
Happily, she was able to do just that. Crawling into bed, she managed to get a good hour and a half of sleep before she woke and started to prepare.
Crawling out of bed, she took a shower and made sure that she was thoroughly groomed, then threw some clothes on and went to a nail salon that Toni had shown her to get both a pedicure as well as a manicure. That finished, she returned to the house and raided Toni's closet for a something to wear before settling on a sexy little black dress.
When it was finally time for her to start getting ready, she took her time. She wanted to look perfect for Bryce. She loved hearing him gush over her when she drove him mad with her shenanigans but knew that she had to reciprocate and take care of him, at least a little bit.
He'd texted her and told her to be ready much earlier than she'd expected, but that was totally fine with her. She wanted to spend as much time as she could with him that evening.
She finished getting ready and went downstairs to wait for him but heard voices in the kitchen and decided to go and see who it was.
When she entered the kitchen, she saw that her brother, Dane, was there talking with their mom. After a brief conversation, he promptly left for work.
"You really do look gorgeous, hun," her mother said. "Boyfriend picking you up?"
"Mmmhmm," Alex said. "He should be here in a few minutes."
"Well, I'm sure you'll cause all sorts of trouble in that tiny thing," her mother praised. "Just be careful, okay?"
"I will," Alex assured her.
The two engaged in small talk for a little while until Bryce arrived. Alex winked at her mother after the doorbell rang, then headed quickly over and opened it.
"Good God baby," Bryce said, dramatically clutching his chest.
"Aww damn, mama, I killed another one!" she called out over her shoulder.
"I told you you would!" her mother playfully replied.
"Get in here," Alex said, smirking at Bryce and drawing him in for a kiss, his hand reaching down and grabbing a handful of her ample rear and squeezing.
"I've been wanting to kiss you since last night," he said, then turned and smiled.
Alex looked to her right and saw her mother with a very amused expression on her face. She blushed a little, realizing that she'd just witnessed one of her children getting her ass squeezed.
"Mrs. Andresani, you look even more beautiful than the last time I was here," Bryce said quickly, going over and gently shaking her hand.
"Oh honey, this one knows a thing or two about laying it on thick, doesn't he," she said.
"You have no idea," Alex agreed, shaking her head in mock dismay and reaching for his hand again.
"Lovely to see you again, Bryce," her mother said. "You look very handsome. Take care of my baby tonight."
"Most certainly," he said, smiling at her before turning and winking at Alex.
She felt herself melting at the handsome face and knowing grin he gave her, the adorable fucker.
"Love you," she called, looking at her mother.
"Love you, be safe."
Alex let herself be led out the door. As soon as it closed behind her, Bryce turned and kissed her again, picking her up and pressing her back up against it. She laughed into the kiss, shaking her head and slapping him gently on the shoulder.
"You'll mess up my make-up and that shit is hard to put on," she said, glaring playfully.
He smirked, making her melt all over again, but let her back down.
"So, what are you going to make me do to get pay back for me being such bad girlfriend recently."
"Bad as in, disappointing, or as in naughty?" he asked, walking her to his truck and opening her door.
"Mmm, good point," she said. "Naughty, I guess. That's more fun."
"You've been a perfect girlfriend, baby," he said, smiling as he shut the door, then hurried around to his side and hopped in.
"Perfect?" she asked. "I sucked off a guy you didn't even know in front of you! That ought to earn me at least a spanking. Let's not even mention the porno that I 'accidentally' let turn into a gangbang."
"Oh, I'm giving you a spanking, for sure," he said. "After I take you out, show you off, and treat you like the princess you are."
He smiled confidently again, then winked in his stupidly cute manner.
"God, you're so infuriatingly cute," she said, sliding over to the middle of the front seat and snuggling up close. "I know you want to spoil me rotten, but is it okay if I do the same to you?"
Bryce chuckled, his hand sliding down and resting confidently on her thigh after he started the truck and put it in gear.
"Nope, tonight is all about making you never want to leave me."
She laughed happily, her heart pounding heavily as she leaned into him, her insides all melty and girly parts all giggly in anticipation of being with him again.
"Honestly," he said. "That was the guy from the time you told me about?"
She snickered, nodding. "It was. And now you have proof that we didn't fuck that night."
"Eh, I'm still skeptical," he said, smirking at her. "Are you attracted enough to him to want to fuck him again for me?"
She glanced up at him, a curious look on her face. "What do you mean?"
"Well, you're like... fucking rare-ass champagne. I'm not stupid. I know for damn sure that you don't just let every hairy dick have a go at you, no matter how much you try and convince me that you do. Only the finest specimens get to have a go at my lady."
She rolled her eyes, leaning back into him. "He's very cute and I like the size of his cock, so yes to your question. But you know I'd do whatever or whoever you wanted me to, right?"
"I appreciate that," he said.
"Good," she said. "I'm also very attracted to his girlfriend, Jessie. I've already thought up a bunch of things I'm going to do with her."
"Yeah, she's fuckin' cute," he agreed. "I'd like to see you two going to town on each other."
Alex giggled at him. "I'm sure that can be arranged. I'm sure the guys would love to watch that show. So," she said, turning her head and raising an eyebrow, "what's on the menu for tonight?"
"Mmm... I'm not sure I want to spoil the surprise," he said.
"So sneaky. Okay then, mister sneaky, be sneaky."
He laughed genuinely, his hand squeezing her thigh and sending a current of flutters through her stomach.
"Dinner first," he said. "Italian."
"Mmm," she said. "Sounds yummy."
The duo continued to flirt with each other all the way to the restaurant. Bryce even made her wait until he'd gone around and opened her door again for her. He took her hand in his and led her inside.
She ordered something small to eat and enjoyed how much he was paying attention to her and doting on her. He looked extremely good that evening, wearing a nice, button down shirt and dark jeans. He was always cute, but he'd actually taken time to style his hair and smelled incredibly manly. She felt ridiculously girly around him and couldn't help but giggle and blush at times when he flashed her his annoyingly cute smile.
After dinner, the two hopped back in his truck and pulled out of the restaurant's parking lot. She honestly didn't care where they went next and was just happy to be out with her boyfriend. What's more, she was happy thathewas her boyfriend, and that she wasn't with Beck anymore.
"So... what now?" she asked, sliding back over to him.
"Gotta show you off to the guys," he said, flashing her another smirk and starting toward his apartment.
"Of course you do," she giggled. "Whatever you want to do tonight, baby. No questions asked."
"That's my girl," he said.
"Damn right I am," she fired back.
The two pulled in to the complex and hopped out. She followed him to the stairs, then ascended first, feeling his guiding hand resting on her ass as she walked up.
He opened to door for her, and she smiled, hearing the raucous noise of the guys inside, as she'd expected to. Following Bryce inside, she smiled at Marvin, Vince, and Travis as they looked up, grins coming to their faces.
"Jesus fucking Christ," Vince said. "Damn you look good!"
"Yeah... uh... holy shit, Alex," Travis agreed.
Marvin was too busy pulling his phone out to take a picture. Despite trying to maintain her confident air, Alex found herself blushing in a very girly manner, leaning into Bryce's arm and clutching at his hand.
"Stop embarrassing my lady," he said, laughing easily at her.
He maneuvered her around in front of him easily, not that she was resisting in the last, his hands sliding down around her waist comfortably.
"So, what are you guys up to tonight?" she asked.
"Chillin'" Travis said. "Y'all?"
"He's not saying," she said, rolling her eyes.
"Shit, he thinks he's slick," Marvin said. "Motherfucker probably just takin' you to the club."
She giggled and turned to look at him. Bryce grinned and nodded.
"I figured I'd bring you by and show you off, then invite these idiots along to enjoy dancing with you."
"Mmm, you want all these men drooling over me?" she purred. "It might be kinda hard to dance with hard cocks all around me."
"Shit, you think you'd be used to it by now," Bryce said with a laugh.
His hands moved up to squeeze her breasts. A sigh of pleasure escaped her lips as she gently parted her them, ready to surrender to his every whim. She felt him nudge the edge of her dress down, exposing one nipple and popping her breast free completely. His hand covered it for a moment, the roughly squeezed it. A moan came from somewhere within her and she sighed heavily when she reached back and felt the healthy bulge in his pants.
"Y'all want to come molest my girl in public with me?" he asked. "We can bring her back here when we're done and figure out how much fun we can get up to with her."
Alex moaned softly at the idea, turning her head to try and kiss him.
"Uh, count me the fuck in," Marvin said. "The blood done rushed somewhere else on Travvie and Vince so they ain't able to answer. That's a yes from them too."
Bryce chuckled, his hand squeezing her covered breast once more before he let go and playfully slapped her on the ass.
"I'm gonna go piss," he said. "Be a good girl and keep my friends entertained."
Alex nodded, staring lustily at him as he stepped around her and headed for the bathroom. She sighed as he disappeared, turning to look at the other three as they devoured her with their eyes. She raised a single, challenging eyebrow.
Travis stood up and walked over to her without any hesitation. She smirked at him, still breathing heavily from Bryce's torment and watched as he stepped up and leaned down, taking her nipple into his mouth. The warmth of his tongue felt incredible, and she gasped despite her best effort not to. Her hand came up, cradling his head and held him tight to her chest for a second.
His hands moved around, squeezing her ass through her skirt. She felt him break the lip-lock on her nipple and felt herself being turned around. Acquiescing without a second thought, she did as he wanted and turned, clutching at the wall she was standing next to and looking over toward Marvin and Vince. Both were standing, Marvin having taken off his shirt. He'd seemingly gotten one from somewhere when she'd been occupied by Travis and was in the middle of putting it on.
Travis pushed her forward a bit, pulling on her hips and urging her to poke her rear out. She did so, whimpering softly as he lifted the bottom of her dress up over her rump. Her G-string was unceremoniously pulled to the side and she moaned weakly as his tongue slid through her pussy and across her anus.
"Atta boy, Travvie," Bryce said, returning from the bathroom and leaning into the doorway, watching her with a proud expression on his face.
Travis didn't stop, sliding up underneath her enough to lift her entire right leg up and drape it over his shoulder. She whimpered weakly, feeling her pussy being assaulted by his tongue, his hands gripping her roughly and pulling her tight against his face.
Being so very willing to surrender to her boyfriend the entire evening was doing her no favors in holding out against Travis' almost frantic devouring of her snatch, and she found herself weak-kneed in short order as an orgasm thundered into her.
She started to slide to the ground as Travis extricated himself from between her legs, but he stood quickly and caught her. Pulling her back upright, he kissed her, her tongue sliding against his as she tasted her own flavor.
"We gotta go change," Vince said, pulling Travis back from Alex as Bryce stepped close. "Be back in five."
"Bet," Bryce muttered, sliding his arm in Alex's and holding her up.
She forced herself to regain her focus and to steel her resolve and self-control. Looking up, she smiled gently at Bryce as he leaned in and kissed her.
"Bathroom before we go?" he asked, lifting her hand delicately and kissing it.
She nodded, knowing that she had to check her makeup.
He smiled, taking her and leading her to it, then shutting the door as she stepped in. After making sure that everything looked good and that she was put back together, she stepped back out again and rejoined Marvin and Bryce in the main room of the apartment.
"Goddamn, every time I look at her my fuckin' dick gets hard," Marvin joked. "You look fuckin' angelic, girl."
She smiled happily, sliding one hand into Bryce's and the other into Marvin's.
"So, can you all dance pretty well?" she asked, trying to guide the conversation to neutral territory.
"Well enough to make fuckin' you in public look like dancing," Marvin joked.
"Aww, don't tease a girl," she purred, squeezing his hand.
Bryce laughed, playfully slapping her on the ass before he let his hand rest on her rump, the warmth radiating into it.
"We can meet them outside," he announced, gently leading her to the door and walking out. Marvin shut and locked it behind them, following down behind as they headed to Bryce's truck. Standing next to it as they waited, she slid her hands back into each of theirs once again, looking up at Bryce then turning to smile at Marvin.
The former winked at her, and the latter leaned in for a kiss, then slid his free hand across her stomach and upwards, briefly cradling her ample breast before squeezing it. She felt Bryce's hand move across her waist, then up, into her panties and further still, one, then two fingers diving into her already drenched pussy.
She gasped, leaning back against the door of the truck. Her hand slid free of both palms, sliding down to each bulge and squeezing.
"God this is going to be a fun night," she giggled feeling Marvin spin her around and move up behind her. His hands reached up the front of her torso, squeezing her breasts roughly as he pushed his bulge into her backside.
"Goddamn girl," he groaned, thrusting against her and driving her against the truck. She pushed back, driving further and forcing her hips out as she leaned forward.
Marvin took the cue and stepped back a step. She looked back, delighted to see him pulling his cock out of his pants with one hand and feeling him working her dress up with the other. She turned, staring lust-daggers at her boyfriend as Marvin stepped up and penetrated her without hesitation.
"Fuck... baby..." she grunted, still forcing herself to stare at him. "Yes..."
Bryce smiled happily, leaning against the side of his truck and watching the fun. He reached out, pulling a strand of hair from her face as Marvin hammered into her repeatedly. After about thirty seconds though, a car pulled into the lot, sending him scrambling to cover up.
She didn't bother moving though, simply sliding her hand back and moving the dress back in place. Bryce lifted her back up and pulled her against him, his warmth and strength comforting and arousing.
Travis and Vince appeared a minute or so later, looking freshly put together and surprisingly handsome.
"Y'all following Bryce?" Marvin asked.
"Hell no, we ain't missing out on the Alex fun," Vince said. "We'll just ride with y'all."
Bryce chuckled. Marvin slid into the back seat of Bryce's truck, Travis joining him. Vince took the front with Alex in the middle and Bryce driving. Very quickly, Alex found Vince reaching over and sliding his hand between her legs, his fingers pushing inside her panties and driving into her sopping pussy.
She whimpered, letting go of Bryce's thigh and reaching over to squeeze Vince's package. She quickly decided to free the target of her affection, but then changed her mind from sucking his cock and turned on her side in the seat. Sliding her thigh over his, she mounted him, though the two had to work at him finding her pussy a few seconds, she gasped when he finally did.
Grinding back and forth on him, she groaned gutturally when he reached back and slapped her on the ass.
"Guh... fuck," she grunted, grinding back and forth. She felt a breeze blowing her hair and looked to her left, seeing that the window had been opened. A car was sitting beside them at a stop light, an older gentleman staring wide-eyed at her as she drove her hips back and forth. Smiling, she waved seductively and winked, the guys in the car with her laughing as Bryce pulled out and the guy in the other car stalled trying to accelerate and failing.
She didn't know the name of the club they went to but didn't care either. She was putty in the four sets of hands that were continually grabbing and groping her. One of the guys paid her cover and she felt them reach into her purse to show her id. She was busy clutching at Bryce and only gave the bouncer a cursory glance before she went back to eye-fucking her boyfriend.
The thumping beat of the bass made her entire body quake, her already heightened state of arousal being forced even higher. The guys led her to a decently secluded corner of the room, shuffling around her as she clutched at two of them.
"Alright fellas," Bryce said. "Rules of the game tonight. Take care of Alex. Don't let any of these other motherfuckers near my girl. Other than that, have fun and do what you want with her."
"Bet," Marvin said, his hand straying to Alex's ass.
She felt all four of them grasping at different parts of her, then was pulled toward the dance floor by Bryce. The thumping beat pounding through her, she slid up against her boyfriend, feeling one of the other guys come up behind her. A finger slid inside her again, and she spread her legs as they undulated against one another. The song continued on then changed to another, and again and again. Every so often the guys would switch out, kissing, groping, grabbing, fingering her all the while.
Song after song she danced, her body slick with a film of sweat and her delicious little black dress sticking to her in multiple places. It felt like there were dozens of hands all over her body, squeezing her tits or pinching her nipples, fingering her soaked, hungry little pussy. Her vision was hazy from lust. She looked lazily behind her, feeling one of the guys pulling her again and again to his crotch where she could easily feel his erection prodding her rump.
Turning her head back, she paused, looking out across the mass of crowded, undulating bodies. A man wearing a mask was staring directly at her, but then someone moved through her eyeline and the figure was gone. She looked around a little, confused and starting to feel like there was something wrong. The sexual haze seemed to fade from her head at that point, and she frowned.
In front of her, Marvin must have sensed or seen that she was out of sorts. He stopped dancing and looked at her with concern clear in his eyes.
"Alex, you good? Need a break? Some water?"
She put a hand to her temple as pain throbbed into it and turned to look in the other direction. For a moment there seemed to be another man in a different mask, but she closed her eyes and he was gone when she opened them again.
Behind her, Vince had stopped dancing as well, and both her and Marvin grabbed her tenderly by the arms and started to help her off the dance floor.
"Everything okay?" Bryce asked, having seen that something was amiss and coming over.
"Water," Alex said. "I'm just thirsty and probably need a break."
The group went over to the bar and one of them managed to flag down the bartender and get a cup of ice water for her. She drank deeply, immediately feeling better and taking a moment to scan the room. Seeing nothing, she rolled her eyes at her ridiculousness and gestured for the secluded spot that they'd been before, leading the way as she headed over.
Taking some time to rest, she leaned easily into Bryce's arm, still scanning the room for signs of the masked strangers she kept seeing.
Something still felt wrong, she realized. Like she needed to do something or hadn't done something. She frowned, wondering if she was coming down with something, or that maybe the food she'd had earlier wasn't sitting well with her stomach.
The guys found a table and chairs and the five of them went over to take a break. They occupied themselves by people watching, and Alex eventually began to feel bad.
"You guys should see if you can score tonight," she said. "I'm sorry I'm ruining your fun."
After a fair amount of dismissing the thought and asking if she was sure, the other three did indeed leave to go and see what luck they had with the girls that night.
"Sorry if I ruined our fun," she said, squeezing Bryce's hand.
"As long as you and I are still together, we're fine, babe. Do you need anything?"
She shook her head, smiling at him. "I appreciate you letting me be myself tonight."
He chuckled, offering her a shrug. "I just know the types of attention that you like and figured that the guys could benefit from your needs."
"It's very sweet," she assured him.
Her head thudded again, and she winced in pain, raising her hands up to her temples as pain pounded them.
"You okay babe? Do we need to leave?"
She shook her head, squeezing his hand comfortingly again. "I'll be okay. Just... give me a minute."
She sighed, wondering why she felt so rotten. Toni entered her mind in that moment, though wouldn't really be able to help. She realized that she'd left her purse and phone in the truck and swore when she realized that she hadn't told her twin where she was going or with whom.
"What time is it?" she asked, looking up as her temples thudded. Out of the corner of her eye, one side and then the other, she saw a masked figure appear and disappear, as if he were moving through the crowd. She fought off the urge to look, staring at Bryce and wincing as he looked at his phone.
"It's just after midnight," he said.
Genuinely shocked to hear that it was so late, she looked at him in surprise for longer than she'd intended.
"Do you mind if go ahead and leave?" she asked. "I'm just not feeling so hot."
"Of course not," he said. He looked around for a few seconds, then gestured behind Alex for someone to come closer.
Vince appeared a few seconds later, coming up to the duo and kneeling down.
"I'm gonna take her home. You guys okay to get a ride?"
"For sure," Vince said. "Sorry you're out of sorts, Alex," he said, offering her a conciliatory frown.
"I'm sorry I ruined the fun," she replied.
He offered her a kiss on the cheek and stood, clapped Bryce on the shoulder, and then disappeared back into the crowd.
Leading her out of the building, Bryce helped her into the truck and pulled out of the parking lot shortly after. Reaching down, she found her purse and pulled her phone out. Unlocking the device, she was surprised to see that she'd missed a dozen texts from Toni and half as many calls.
Sighing, she shook her head and began to thumb through the messages. All of them were some combination of asking where she was and for her to call or text. She put her phone down immediately, not wanting to deal with her lunatic twin that night. She had enough to worry about.
"Your place?" he asked, looking over still concerned.
"Yours is fine," she said. "I might have to just go to sleep, but I still want to stay with you."
"Only if you're sure," he said, but made the turn toward his apartment anyway.
Whatever the hell was wrong was starting to irritate her. She was tired of feeling out of sorts, and like something had gone wrong that she wasn't aware of. It had gotten very old, very quickly. She was ready for it to be done with.
The two got back to the apartment and stripped down, falling into his bed and snuggling up together. She thought about making sweet, gentle love to him, but her head kept pounding and she couldn't stop thinking about her sister.
She'd always been the one to take care of Toni, not the other way around. The new dynamic they seemed to have was weird, for sure. It wasn't like Toni was actually taking care of her, either. It was more like she was worried about Alex not being there with her when they slept, though God knows why she would have been.
Still, the evening had been fun up until she'd started to have the weird visions and headaches. Bryce dutifully doted on her for a bit, but eventually fell asleep. She managed to as well, but things didn't go much better than they had been.
Her dreams were odd, to say the least. In one, she was in a smoke-filled room with people she couldn't recognize milling about around her, then they'd all pull out masks and offer them to her. In another, she was surrounded by her family members, all of them staring at her as she screamed at them to say something, anything to her. They wouldn't though, and simply faded out of existence as she screamed at them.
Something was very, very wrong.
*****
Dane
Wednesday
As she'd stated previous, Hannah had indeed let him have her ass that weekend. Three times, in fact. It weirdly seemed like he and his little brother had basically swapped girlfriends Saturday and Sunday. Sally spent most of her free time fucking Danny, and Hannah seemed to never get enough of Dane himself.
That was fine with him. Sex was good for keeping your mind off drama and other shit. It was just those times in the middle of the night when he couldn't sleep that his thoughts drifted from problem to problem that he had to resolve.
Monday came and he still didn't feel any better. Tuesday was the same. Wednesday wasn't looking much better, but then his mother had called, telling him in clear language that she had to see him as soon as possible. She'd clarified that it wasn't life or death, but it couldn't wait.
Of course, being the oldest of his siblings, he wondered if something had gone wrong with his folks, or maybe one of his sisters. He knew better than to try and find out from his mother before she had him in front of her.
So, after texting and confirming with her that she'd be there after he got done with class, he drove over to find out what was so important. Walking inside, he went to the kitchen, laundry room, and looked upstairs before finally finding her cleaning her bathroom.
Knocking on the door frame, he waved when she looked up.
"Hey honey," she said, turning and heading over to hug him and kiss him on the cheek. "Give me just a second and I'll join you in the living room."
"Okay," he said, turning and heading that way. "I'm gonna grab a drink, okay?"
"Okay," she said. "Get me one of my diet sodas please."
He turned, the wheels in his head turning as he tried to figure out what could possibly be wrong. It was to no avail, though, and he knew that he just had to wait and find out from her.
After grabbing a soda for him and his mother, he went and sat down on the couch as she walked through the room and headed to look out the front door. Then, curiously, she locked it and came back over to where he was.
"Thank you," she said, reaching for her drink and cracking it open. Taking a sip, she cleared her throat as she sat down next to him and turned.
"Is everyone..." he began.
"Everyone is healthy," she said. "I'm sorry I couldn't elaborate, but I wasn't going to send any information over texts. It's too delicate of a matter."
He nodded, slightly relieved that no one had gotten hurt or was dying. Looking back up at her, he not-so-patiently waited for the details.
"First, I want you to know that you've done nothing wrong, okay? You need to understand that first, and foremost."
"Okay," he said, frowning in confusion.
"Second, you need to promise me that you won't rush off, and you'll stay until I've had time to explain everything."
After nodding that he wouldn't leave, he began to wonder if she and his father were okay, and that maybe they were splitting up or something, though that seemed incredibly unlikely.
She took another drink and set the can down, then turned back and put a hand on his knee.
"Honey, your father and I know about everything that's been going on in our house," she said.
He felt a lump of regret and embarrassment growing in his throat, making him need to swallow but unable to do so.
"That is to say, we've become aware that our children have started," she took a deep breath. "Our children have started to become intimate with one another."
Dane closed his eyes, shame nearly overwhelming him.
"Honey, look at me," she said, repeating it several times.
Finally, he forced himself to look up, hating himself and what he'd allowed to happen.
"It's okay," she said, smiling at him. "As parents, all we've ever wanted for you and your siblings is to be happy. That's all any parent should truly want for their children."
"Mom... I'm..."
"Shh," she said, shaking her head and pushing a hand to his lips. "Don't apologize. You've done nothing wrong."
He sighed, shaking his head.
"Dane, you have to listen to me," she bade him. "We don't have a lot of time but there's a lot we need to discuss. You're going to have questions, and I'm going to answer everything you need to ask me, okay?"
He nodded, still shamed, but growing more curious as to what she needed from him, especially since he'd allowed such things to happen with his siblings.
"Honey, I'm honestly more shocked and concerned about you and your brother sharing two girlfriends than anything else."
He looked up, his eyes going wide. "Seriously?"
She nodded. "I won't lie to you, honey. I'm fine with what I know about happening in my house. I always have been."
He sighed again. "What... I guess, what do you know?"
She snickered quietly, her hand resting comfortably on his knee. "Well, I know that the walls of our house are pretty thin. I know that you've been with Sam."
He winced, closing his eyes and lowering his head.
"I'm not shaming you, honey. I need your help, okay?"
Surprised again, he looked back up, though he felt his face burning from embarrassment.
"I wish there was an easier way to go about all this honey, I really do."
"Thank you for being so understanding," he replied. "I don't really know how or why you are, but I do appreciate it."
She smirked and shrugged. "I'm getting to that part. Just bear with me." She cleared her throat and took a deep breath. "So, you know that the women in our family have a much, much higher sex drive than normal women, right?"
"I've been told as much, and given current circumstances, I guess that's pretty clear."
"Exactly." She squeezed his knee comfortingly. "It's not justveryhigh. There's honestly not a verifiable limit to how horny the women in our family can get. I know that sounds weird, but trust me, I'm speaking from experience." She took a pause to get a breath. "I'm sorry in advance for what I have to tell you. I know you probably don't want to hear what I'm about to say, but there's absolutely no way around it."
He looked up hesitantly.
"I understand the appeal of being with a sibling in the way that you and Sam have been. I get it, more than you realize. I've been in the same situation when I was younger."
He frowned, cocking his head curiously.
"Before your Aunt Steph and her husband passed away," she said, sighing wistfully. "She and I..."
Dane's mouth dropped open.
"Yes," she confirmed. "We were intimate. But it wasn't just us two. I mean, it actually was for a while, just us two, but when we got married your father and your Uncle Carl would share the two of us. It wasn't because we were bored. It was because our sex drive was much higher than any of us were ready for. But, once she and I had crossed that line, there wasn't much that we wouldn't try or do."
Dane took a drink of his soda, trying to process everything.
"Now, please understand that I'm not telling you this to gross you out about your parent's sex life, but to help you realize why your father and I aren't upset. We've been there, okay? You and I already had a conversation about your father and I being swingers when you caught us making out with that other couple."
He nodded. It had been several years, but the image was still fresh in his mind. His father and mother both had been kissing another man and woman and he's come home early from work.
"Are you okay?" she asked, still comfortingly rubbing his knee.
He nodded.
"Good," she said. "So, you can probably understand that being sexually free as your father and I are, we can easily get into some kinky stuff. Your father has fantasies, just like I do. We've recently gotten back into swinging. Now, I know you don't want to hear the gory details, but again, I wouldn't be inflicting them on you if they weren't absolutely necessary."
He nodded. "You've been extremely understanding so far, I owe you the same. Just tell me what's going on."
"This previous weekend, your father and I went to a local swinger club. It's owned and run by a doctor friend of your father's that we used to party with. It's actually the guy and his wife that you caught us with that time. Regardless, we went and had fun with them and a bunch of their friends."
She took a deep breath.
"While we were there, Ed, the doctor friend of ours, showed us a particular feature of this club that he was very, very proud of. He bragged that the young woman that worked this feature was very talented, so your father's interest was piqued."
Dane began to get a sinking feeling. There was something about the description that was familiar.
"Do you know what a glory hole is?" his mother asked, blushing a bit. "God, I can't believe I'm asking my son this."
He nodded, blushing a little himself and hurrying to take a drink.
"Well, according to your father, his friend Ed was right. The girl in the box was incredible. Plus, she was apparently so turned on that she..." she sighed, pausing for a few moments. "She took him inside her, in a place other than her mouth," she continued.
"Oh... fuck," Dane said, covering his face. "Oh fuck."
He suddenly realized what his mother was getting at. He'd had a discussion about the club, the door, and the girl inside it before.
Sam.
"Oh my God," he said, looking up.
"It's okay, honey," she said. "I'm guessing you've put the pieces together now. The girl behind the door was Sam. When your father... well... finished, I saw inside the little hole. There was light coming from somewhere below her. I think it must have been her phone. I saw who it was, and immediately got your father away from the door and away from her seeing us."
Dane sighed deeply, shaking his head. "God... poor Sam. Wait... does she know?"
Her mother sighed deeply and nodded. "I don't know how, but Sam figured out what had happened. All day Sunday she was secluded in her room. Something happened between her and Toni, leading to Sam yelling some curse words and locking herself away. Now, I can't get a word in with her before she's hurrying away from me. She's been locked in her room since then, save for going to the bathroom, work, and school."
"Goddamnit," Dane said.
"Honey," his mother said, scooting closer and putting her arm around him. "I know you might have questions, and I'm happy to answer them, but right now, Sam needs you. You're the one she always looks to for comfort. Plus, I know you and her have had your own issues."
He sighed, looking down at the floor for a long time, trying to figure out what he was going to be able to do for her. He felt terrible for her. So much had happened to her and she was such a good and wonderful person.
"Tell her whatever you need to about your father and I, what we've been doing, and whatever else you need to, okay?"
He nodded.
"I haven't told your father what happened yet. I'm going to, of course. I just needed to try and fix Sam first. Your father won't be nearly as hard to pull back from the ledge, so to speak."
Dane nodded weakly, but then turned and looked at her, seeing how concerned she truly was.
"I'll do my best," he said.
"I know you will, honey," she said, hugging him tight against her. "I'm sorry I had to throw it all out there like that, but I just didn't see any way around it. After you take care of Sam, if you want to ask me anything or talk about things, I'll be here. Okay?"
He pulled back a foot or so and looked directly at her. "I know," he said. "I'll take care of her, okay?"
She smiled, nodding, then surprised him by leaning in and kissing him on the lips. Several seconds passed before she pulled back and hugged him again.
"Thank you honey," she said, patting his back.
The conversation ended there. His mother stood, taking her drink and heading back toward her bedroom.
Dane stared down at his soda for a very long time.
*****
Sam
Wednesday
She'd been a wreck for three days. School, work, and then home; that was all that she did. She put on a faade for her friends at work and school, but inside, she was constantly tormented and hating herself. She could barely stand to look at herself in the mirror long enough to get dressed to leave in the mornings.
Laying on her bed, wallowing in self-loathing, she stared at the ceiling, wondering what the hell she could possibly do to fix things.
There was a loud knock on her door, but she ignored it. Again, then a third time.
"Go away," she called out.
"Sam," a voice said.
She sat up, immediately recognizing who it was. She didn't move from the bed, though.
"What do you want?" she called, silently hoping that he'd just leave.
"To come in," Dane said. "Please."
She sighed, still not moving. "Go away. I'm not in the fucking mood."
He sighed, then she frowned when she heard him fiddling with the door. There was an audible click as he unlocked it and swung it open, pocketing the door unlocking pin that he'd just used.
Stepping in, he shut the door behind him and locked it, then went over to her.
"I'm not fucking talking to you," she said. "Just fuck off."
"When did you get to be such a potty mouth?" he asked, kneeling down in front of her. "What would Lord Jesus say?"
She turned her head, looking away. "You're not the least bit funny."
He followed her, leaning over and peering up into her face. Not one to be outdone, she turned her head even further, then completely the opposite direction when he persisted in following her.
"Sam," he said, reaching up and turning her cheek toward him.
She finally acquiesced, looking down at him as tears began to crawl from the corners of her eyes. "Just... leave. I just fucking can't anymore."
He sighed deeply, then reached up to brush one away. Standing up, he lifted her with him, easily pulling her to her feet and into a hug.
"I'm sorry I haven't been here," he said, squeezing her tight. "I'm sorry for everything."
She finally caved, unable to maintain her anger at him any longer and squeezed him back, tears coming faster now as she started to weep and unstoppable torrent of grief and anguish starting to pour out of her thin frame.
"It's going to be okay," he said. "I'm not going anywhere, okay?"
She nodded into his chest but kept crying, clutching at him as if she were scared that he'd disappear. She felt him pull back just a bit, then felt his finger lifting her chin up. She let him pull her face upward, seeing his caring features staring back at her.
Slowly, he leaned down and kissed her on the lips, but that only caused her to cry even harder and push him back, shaking her head.
"Sam," he said softly. "Stop."
She shook her head and flopped back down to her bed, burying her face into her pillow.
"Please, just talk to me," he said.
She continued to cry, even after he crawled up behind her and stroked her hair. She let him turn her towards him, even snuggling up to him and clutching at his shirt like she was a little girl again.
"I've fucked up so badly," she said after a long, long time. "I'm so fucking... scared..."
"Sam, I know," he said, stroking her hair.
"You don't know, Dane," she said, crying harder. "You don't know what I've let happen."
He sighed, kissing her on the head again. "I do," he reiterated.
She sighed hard, shaking her head. "I don't want to talk about it, okay?"
He didn't push, and she settled back into him. After a good hour of silently holding each other, and him stroking her hair, he finally broke the comfort of the silence enveloping them.
"I guess I can tell you about what's been going on with me," he said. "Stop me if you've heard this one."
She smirked to herself, liking that he was trying to make light of things and feeling a surge of affection toward him, but still determined not to give in.
"Two brothers start sharing their girlfriends and turn them into sex monsters, and then one of the brothers realizes that he doesn't love his original girlfriend anymore, much less his brother's."
Sam pulled back, raising a single eyebrow at him. "Seriously?" she asked, then rolled her eyes and laid back down.
He nodded. "I'm still trying to figure that shit out. Meanwhile, mom calls me and tells me that I need to come and talk to her, that it won't wait."
Sam frowned at the mention of her mother, the familiar shame and regret finding her again.
"So, I come over and find out that she knows all about all the filthy, sexual shenanigans that have been going on in her house."
Sam sat back, her mouth dropping open as she scrambled off the bed and backed up into the wall.
"But what's even crazier than her knowing, is the fact that both she and dad are apparently just fine with it."
She couldn't process everything all at once and simply stood with her mouth agape.
"Apparently, she and your real mother used to be every bit as ravenously horny as you, Toni, and Alex. I guess her and her sister having sex with each other is why she was okay with the knowledge that you and I were intimate."
She shook her head, her mouth still hanging open, but unable to speak. She raised her hands up, as if she could stem the tide of information he was laying out on her.
"But since she and our father used to be swingers and apparently are again..." he paused, finally seeing her extremely dumbfounded expression and frantic hand waving.
He fell silent, sitting up and looking at her, new concern on his face.
"What..." she finally managed to stammer.
"The..."
"Fuck..."
He sighed.
"I'm sorry," he said. "Fuck, Sam, I'm an idiot."
She shook her head and worked her jaw back and forth, then turned. Walking away, she turned back around and looked at him, her jaw still moving, but then spun back around and went over to her desk. She pulled her chair out, didn't sit down in it, instead, going over to her closet and turning on the light and back off again, then turning back to stare at him, dumbfounded.
It took a few minutes to wrap her head around things, but she was finally able to get herself to sit down again and let him explain what the hell he was talking about.
"Our mom and... my real mom... used to be together?" she asked.
Dane nodded.
"Okay... but... okay..."
She fell silent again, going over the ramifications of what that particular nugget meant.
"At least I have something of an excuse now," she said quietly.
She sighed, shaking her head and taking time to process some more. Eventually, she knew that nothing he was going to tell her was going to make what she'd caused to happen be okay.
"I appreciate you talking with me, but I'm really just... not in the mood."
"Mom knows about Saturday, Sam," he said suddenly.
She stood immediately, looking at him sternly and crossed her arms.
"That's not funny, Dane," she said. "And how would you know? You weren't there. And besides..." She didn't know what else to say, shaking her head and taking a step back.
"After Dad finished, she saw you through the hole in the door and figured out what was going on. She wanted me to tell you..."
"Fuck," Sam said, closing her eyes and collapsing to the floor. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck fuck."
"Sam, it's not a big deal, okay? Sam. Sam!"
"It's a big fucking deal, Dane," she said. "I sucked his dick. I sucked my father's dick! I even... fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
"I know. Mom knows. She's going to have to tell dad at some point, but she said that's not going to be a big deal."
"Oh really?" she yelled. "He's just going to be okay with that fact that he had his cock in his daughter's fucking pussy!"
Dane stood, lifting her off the ground and pulling her bodily to the bed as she glared at him.
"Are you going to listen to me or are you going to keep yelling. I'm trying to help you."
Her anger softened, and she suddenly began to wonder why she'd gotten so pissed at him in the first place. Flopping back on the bed, she covered her face with her hands and shook her head.
"I can't take this anymore," she cried. "I can't fucking do this. Pastor Asshole, Amanda, Keith, Dr. Sanderson, the guys at the Mess Around, Zoey, Brandon, you, Toni, Wade, now my own father. How many people will I fucking corrupt because I can't control my own damn impulses?"
He moved over and laid down on the bed next to her, his arm holding his head up.
"You know, you said you needed me. I'm here now."
"Dane," she said, shaking her head and rewetting her face with tears.
"Sam, let me help you," he said softly, his hand on her stomach.
"Just stop," she begged, turning over and facing away from him. "I wouldn't survive it if I hurt you. So just... please."
He sighed, kissing her shoulder through her shirt.
After a long silence he finally spoke again, asking, "would you like me to go?"
She sighed deeply, realizing in that moment that she wanted, no... sheneededhim to stay.
She shook her head, reaching back and pulling his arm over her. "Just... stop talking," she said weakly.
An hour went by while the two enjoyed each other's presence. Eventually, Sam's stomach rumbled in protest, and she sighed deeply.
"How about I see if mom can bring us some sandwiches," he said quietly.
She didn't answer for a few seconds, but then surprised herself by nodding her assent to the idea.
Dane rolled over to his back and pulled out his phone, then sent a message to his mother via text. Sam heard it beep a minute or so later in response.
"Okay," he said. "She said she's happy to bring something."
Sam nodded, then turned over and faced him, burying her face in his chest. About ten minutes later, footsteps echoed down the hallway, followed by a soft knocking on the door.
Dane stood, heading over and unlocking it while Sam stayed facing away.
"Here you go," her mother said, her voice distinct and calm.
"Thank you," Dane said.
"Sam," her mother continued, "I just want you both to know that I love you both very much, and nothing, nothing is ever going to change that. Nothing you could ever do will ever make me love you less. You've donenothingwrong."
Sam felt fresh tears welling up and forced herself from bed. She stood, rushing over and slid easily into her mother's outstretched arms. Several minutes went by as they stood hugging, Dane having moved silently out of the way with the food.
Finally, Sam mustered the courage to look her mother in the eyes, telling herself that she had to face the music for what had happened.
"Mom... I'm s..." she began, but her apology was stifled by two fingers resting on her lips.
"You don't need to apologize," her mother said. "Not ever. Okay?"
Sam nodded, burying her face in her mother's chest and crying anew. Several minutes and a few forehead kisses later, their mother finally extricated herself and left the two alone. Shutting the door, Sam turned and went over to the bed where Dane was waiting with the food. Grabbing a can of soda and one of the sandwiches, she scooted up onto the bed, Dane moving up beside her and leaning easily against her headboard.
The two ate in silence, Dane wolfing down his two sandwiches and the majority of the chips while Sam barely managed to finish her one.
He briefly left the room to use the bathroom and take the empty tray back downstairs but returned quickly.
"Would you mind if we snugglebugged?" she asked. "I promise, I won't be inappropriate."
He nodded, smiling at her.
"Be right back," she said, heading off to the bathroom to relieve herself and to brush her teeth. That done, she went back to her room and shut the door, not bothering to lock it since she was going to be behaving herself.
Dane was already in bed, his shirt off, but his boxer shorts still on. She slipped off the pajama bottoms that she'd been wearing, but kept the baggy shirt on, as well as her panties. Sliding in after she flipped off the light, she snuggled up against his chest, but then flipped over as he got close to her and spooned.
She quickly felt much better than she had in days, thankful that Dane wasn't trying to fix things for her, and that he was just content to be there with her, a source of comfort. After an hour, sleep found them both.
***
The warm, muscular presence behind her was making her back sweat a bit, but as she slowly rose up out of her slumber, she knew she wasn't going to move away. Still, the gentle bit of movement that she had committed to was enough for him to stir, and she felt his hand move from her stomach down to her thigh.
Warm lips kissed the nape of her neck, and he squeezed her bare leg. The hand doing the squeezing moved slowly, and she became keenly aware of the large fleshy rod poking her in the rump. Fingers gently pulled at the edge of her panties, and she held her breath, not wanting to encourage him but not wanting him to stop. Butterflies of nervous energy fluttered in her stomach and on the pale, goose-bumped skin where his fingers touched like he was using them to paint his affection.
His other arm was underneath her pillow, but he began to move it around beneath her until he'd managed to get his hand up, agonizingly slowly conforming his fingers to one of her breasts through her shirt. His other hand managed to push a couple of fingers under her panties and was driving them inch by horrible inch down her body.
She held violently still, her body stiff and frozen in place, her breathing almost imperceptible as she felt her nipples harden into diamonds. His lips danced across her shoulder, his nose gently nudging the warm supple flesh as his tongue flicked out and teased her skin for a moment.
Down her panties crawled, her mind screaming for them to go faster, to free her and let him do as he willed. She could feel her pussy moisten and arched her back involuntarily, pushing her breast into his hand, down her ass and past the curve of her hips, then slowly, slowly onward.
The lower side of her panties was higher due to her weight pressing them into the mattress, yet she couldn't freely lift her hips and let him know that she wanted him just as much as he wanted her. Could she?
He answered the question for her a moment later, stopping the painfully slow downward crawl and moving horizontally across her waist. A single digit crawled just inside her soft, cotton panties, freshly dampened with her arousal and aching need. Down to the other side of her body the finger journeyed, stopping every few moments to tease her with just a momentary pause, finally sending a single shiver racing through her and causing her to squeeze her eyes shut and bite her lip in an effort to stifle the urge to scream in defeat.
The single digit moved down, pulling again on the other side of her waist, coercing the offending garment lower once more. She forced her eyes open, her mouth following suit and opening in a silent cry of anguish. Further still her panties were drawn, down, down her body. He worked them down her left hip, over the ample curve kept there. Then once again, it began its methodical trek across her lower back, pausing every infuriating few centimeters to terrorize her.
Both nipples were hurting they were so erect, one cold from the cool air of the room despite the garment covering it, and the other kept safe and warm in the secure embrace of his other hand. A silent scream came from her gaping lips as she willed herself to surrender to the persuading tongue that teased the nape of her neck.
The single finger found purchase again on her panties, pulling down the first side again, sliding it over the rounded edge of her rump. She whimpered for only a moment, her mouth immediately snapping shut. The deed was finished though, her panties pulled out of the way enough for his ridiculously perfect erection to slide up and dive just inside.
His hand moved back up now that it was free of its first task, his fingers caressing the skin of her stomach. It dived deftly inside her drenched, deviant little daffodil, dancing across and dipping between her satin lips, drenched with arousal, then driving up through them to drag dangerously across her little dumpling in a delightful dalliance that left her hoping for him to devour her. A soft moan escaped her lips despite her best efforts to stifle it.
She felt the heat from the presence of his swollen mushroom head hovering a hair's breadth away from the promised land. She felt everything in her world coalesce into this one, perfect, shining moment.
And then...
"I love you, Sam."
He drove the crown effortlessly inside, easing deep into her and pulling her tight against his waist.
"Oh... God..." She turned her head and kissing him deeply, surrendering to him completely.
She moved her leg up, spreading her thighs for him as one hand joined the other in mauling her breasts.
Methodically he plunged into her, slowly pushing her closer and closer to the gaping chasm of pleasure awaiting her. She started to cum in moments, her orgasm hammering into her and causing her to cry out softly in the cool night air. Still, he continued to thrust, until she'd finally slowed her cries and once again craned her head to kiss him.
He slid free, momentarily making her wistful of his presence until she felt him move over the top of her. Though he had to take a second to finish removing her panties, he quickly slid down between her legs and slid his cock back in where it belonged. In the dim moonlight peeking through her window, she stared up at him as he stared right back down at her, his cock buried inside.
Her legs spread for him, locking around his waist, she pulled him down for a kiss and arched her hips to meet him on a downthrust. Pulling back a bit, she studied his face as he continued to thrust, slowly building up speed until she felt him reaching the precipice. Her second orgasm was fast approaching and after a final kiss from his lips, she felt a powerful wave of pleasure swallow her, his beautiful cock pumping again and again inside her.
"Fuck," she whispered. "Oh fuck! I love you, Dane. I love you so much."
Panting, the two slowed their efforts, and she sighed in pleasure as he collapsed down on top of her.
***
Blissful sleep followed, and several hours later she awoke feeling the sweat of their two bodies clinging to both of them. His cock had shrunken down and been forced from her at some point, the sheets wet and cold from the ooze that had dripped down underneath her. She didn't care, though, and simply enjoyed recalling the wonderous event that had just transpired.
No matter where her life took her, she somehow knew that she'd just experience a single, perfect moment. Everything that had happened, everything that would happen; none of it mattered when compared with what she and Dane had just experienced together. It didn't feel like her knowing that she'd never have better sex or anything ridiculous like that. It was more like, she's just experienced perfection, as if the act of making love couldn't have been done any more perfectly between the two of them.
She opened her eyes, looking at the ceiling in the dark room as she listened to Dane's comforting, heavy breathing. She felt ridiculous then, rolling her eyes at herself as she silently gushed over how perfect the moment had seemed.
What happened next didn't seem to matter though. She definitely didn't know what it would be. Neither did she feel "fixed" by any stretch of the imagination.
Still, something was different. Silently musing, she tried to figure out what it was, when all at once, it hit her, and she smiled.
No matter what else happened, she knew that she was going to be okay.
Sam smiled and closed her eyes to go back to sleep.
*****
Dane
He stared quietly at the ceiling while Sam snored adorably next to him, her mouth open and drool oozing down her cheek. He felt happy, content. He didn't think that things in his life were permanently fixed by any means, but he knew that he'd done a good thing.
Though tired and ready for sleep, he needed to use the bathroom before that was going to happen. Gently, he pulled himself from beneath her and slid quietly out of her bed. Pausing to pull on his underwear, he stepped silently from her room and pulled the door almost closed before turning and heading to the bathroom.
Spending a few minutes in there relieving himself and brushing his teeth, he was about to return to her room when the urge to get a drink hit him. He adjusted his course and walked quietly down the stairs, then turned into the kitchen. Grabbing a glass from the cabinet and getting some water, he took a deep swig and glanced at the clock on the wall.
It was just before midnight, though it felt much later than that.
Movement behind him startled him a bit and he turned, seeing his mother coming in wearing a robe and a curious smile on her face.
He blushed and took another drink, feeling the awkwardness of the moment hit him.
"So, everything went okay I take it?" she asked, flashing him a smile as she came over.
He swallowed what he had in his mouth and coughed a little bit as it went down the wrong way, eliciting a smile from his mother. It took a few seconds but he finally managed to clear his throat enough to talk.
"Mm, yeah," he croaked. "It... uh... yeah."
"Sounded like it," she said, smirking at him as she came up and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm glad. Just try and keep me in the loop with her, okay?"
He nodded, still weirded out about the whole thing but realizing that it was what it was and there wasn't a whole lot he could do about it being awkward.
"I will," he said.
"Your father took the news much better than Sam did," she said. "But it's too late to get into that tonight. We'll talk soon."
"Okay," he said.
It was in that moment that he noticed how rumpled her hair was, and in the dim light of the kitchen he could make out a fine sheen of sweat on her exposed skin, and she even seemed to be a little bit out of breath.
"Night hon," she said, squeezing his arm and offering him a wink before turning and heading back to her bedroom where his father was likely waiting for her.
Dane shook his head, knowing that there was more to unpack there but stowing it for the time being. He felt himself drawn back to Sam's warm embrace.