I walked into the trendy nightspot, heading to the far end of the bar, where I could see Suzi and Jim were waiting for me. I'd been friends with these two for over ten years, and would meet up on a regular basis, mainly to lust after and flirt with Suzi. Jim didn't seem to have jealous bone in his body as I flirted openly with his delectable.
Suzi was a short haired blonde with the perfect curvaceous figure. A very large firm bust, sitting on top of what can only be described as a trim tiny waist, which emphasised her magnificent ass. Her ass was reminiscent of two large grapefruits, firm and most definitely fruity.
I moved amongst the crowd and eventually stood next to Jim and Suzi. Suzi was perched on a high bar stool, wearing a very tight shiny black mini dress, cinching her small waist and stretching across her very large firm breasts. The sentence second skin is utilised quite often and was definitely worthy of describing how tight this stretchy black dress looked. Her legs were covered in a very sheer gossamer denier which I was hoping where stockings. Her wonderful legs were crossed with her high heeled black stiletto pointing directly at me.
Jim greeted me with a strong handshake and Suzi beckoned me too her and kissed my cheek as she applied a very sexy hug. I took this opportunity to wrap my arms around her waist and run my hands up and down her back. I could feel she was braless, but around her waist was some kind of lingerie obstruction. Breaking apart from our hug, Suzi smiled a naughty smile and winked at me knowingly. Jim ordered the drinks and turned away from Suzi and I as he paid and collected the beverages.
"Good grief young lady, you look incredibly hot tonight in that very sexy outfit!" I grinned, flirting with my friends wife.
"You always say such nice things! Did I by any chance feel hot?" She whispered moving closer to my ear, indicating her awareness to my wandering hands during our hug.
"More than you'll ever know!" I smiled.
"Maybe I should make it my mission to find out!" She grinned salaciously.
"You look awesome in that dress. Very sexy indeed!" I smiled.
"Thank you so much. Maybe, just maybe, you'd like what's beneath the dress?" She teased.
"I did notice something around your waist during our hug!" I said with a mock inquisitive look.
"That will be my high waisted garter belt!" Suzi smiled letting the tip of her tongue run across her glossed lips.
This confirmed that Suzi's sheer black gossamer legs, were definitely stockings. I felt a stirring in my loins at the thought of one of the sexiest woman I know, perched on a barstool, adorning that magnificent body in outrageously sexy lingerie. Jim was one very lucky man!
Before I could reply to Suzi's admission, Jim came back with the drinks, smiling at me, he handed me my drink and coyly asked.
"Have you been flirting with my hot wife again?" He laughed.
"Jim how could I not! She's the hottest woman in here!" I smiled looking at Suzi and returning her earlier wink.
Jim and I were standing either side of Suzi, Jim on her left, with me on her right. The triangle arrangement was working efficiently with the conversation flowing effortlessly. Both Jim and Suzi can be very witty and Suzi often peppers the conversation with double entendres and sexually risqué comments. Tonight was no exception as the risqué value was turned up a notch.
Jim placed his drink on the bar and said.
"Keep an eye on my drink, I need to visit the gents!" He winced, indicating his need to empty his bladder. As Jim moved towards the rest rooms, Suzi quarter turned in my direction, with the sauciest the smile emblazoned across her face. Her large firm breasts were thrusting forward as her partially turned waist appeared even smaller, making those gravity defying breasts look even bigger than normal. I could see the naughty look flash across her face as she looked me directly in the eye and smiled.
"Shall we continue where we left off?"
I returned her smile as she licked her glossed lips with the tip of her very sexy tongue.
"So I take it you like my garter belt? You men are so predictable. A women wearing a pair of stockings, heels and a garter belt, sporting a tight shaved pussy, can make a man do just about anything she wants!" She grinned "If I knew you liked that look I would have been wearing them a long time ago!" She giggled.
"Yeah but it would have teased me to death with Jim being the only one getting the benefit!" I smiled with my fingertips gently stroking her sheer black stockinged thigh.
Suzi opened her legs allowing my glancing fingertips more access and whispered hoarsely.
"Who said anything about teasing?" She smiled seductively "It's about time you knew that Jim and I are swingers and tonight he is allowing me to fuck you, if you'd like that!"
My jaw dropped with Suzi's response as she parted her legs even more, showing her stocking tops, garter straps and a sneak preview of a shaved smooth slit. I looked down at the mesmerising sight, wondering if I was dreaming.
Suzi smiled again and whispered.
"Touch my pussy and when Jim comes back he'll know you're up for it!" She encouraged "but you should know Jim will want to watch and join in, but once he has come, I'll be all yours to do whatever you'd like to me!"
My face was flushed, my breathing laboured and my cock absolutely granite hard.
"Anything I want?" I questioned.
"Anything! Fuck my pussy, fuck my ass, come anywhere you want and if it makes you happy I'll keep my stockings and heels on while you fuck me!" She grinned "Or I could change in to something kinky if that's what you'd like!"
I nodded frantically as I placed my right hand on Suzi's shaved mound.
Suzi moaned and sighed, raising her ass off the barstool, giving me better access to her fabulous pussy.
"You've no idea how long I've been waiting to fuck you!" Suzi drawled, gently rocking her hips toward my invading digit.
"The feeling is most definitely mutual!" I said as my index finger slid in her tight smooth groove.
Suzi raised her ass completely off the barstool, as she opened her legs wider, riding her pussy on my wriggling finger. Suzi looked me directly in the eyes, her mouth open and panting, as her eyes half closed with arousal.
At that very moment Jim returned, saw my finger thrusting into his wife's willing pussy as she moved her hips enthusiastically. He witnessed the aroused look on Suzi's face and smiled.
"Glad to see you're on board with this. This dirty little slut is going to give you a night you won't ever forget!"
Feeling the wetness of her pussy and the controlled throbbing of her labia, I think Jim just may have a point.
Suzi pushed her exposed pussy toward my finger, fucking my digit in our quiet corner of the bar, away from prying eyes. If there were any prying ears in the vicinity it would all have been to no avail, such was the decibel level of Suzi's sexual moaning.
"She's a wild little slut when she gets going!" Jim smiled, watching his wife writhe her shaved pussy on the invading finger of a close friend.
Suzi looked me directly in the eye, her mouth open and panting heavily.
"Fuck me!" She snarled on the verge of orgasm.
I used my other hand to rub her blood engorged clitoris as her head fell back, and the unmistakable moans of orgasm panted from her glossed lips.
My cock was rock solid as I fingered Suzi to orgasm with her husband watching, smiling leerily.
"Lets go back to ours and we'll both fuck the slut!" Jim grinned as Suzi's eyes rolled with sexual desire.
"Once we've both fucked her, I'll give you guys some privacy to get to know each other better!" Jim winked.
Suzi climbed off her stool, with my index finger still inside her tight smooth pussy. She placed her right hand on my swollen bulge, squeezing my cock gently, then running the tip of her tongue over my excited lips, sending shivers of sexual delight up and down my spine.
"I can't wait to feel you inside me!" She teased "Shall I leave my stockings and heels on when you fuck me!" She giggled, taking her teasing to another level.
"Right, that's it then! We're leaving now! You two can get in the back of the car and have a little fun till we get home, then we'll fuck the ass of the slut!" Jim confirmed.
We all left the club, taking turns in kissing Suzi, until we reached Jim's car to head off to their home, where our friendship would definitely be heading in a new direction.